Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, there's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a polyshorum.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've got a sniff.
Skye.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, finally.
And this is episode number 61.
Well, at least a fraction of it.
The first 20 minutes is gone forever, but that's okay, we didn't do them.
For September the 21st of 2003, you're tuned into the Bomani Scene's most Comcast-hating radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Sakura.
Get that thing out of my face.
She's too busy playing Dance Summit right now.
Well, um, you know, we have other things going on, like the show.
That's more important.
The game will have to come later.
Uh, in that corner, it's Mother.
Say hello to her tech, Master Loki.
Hello!
You chance her up late playing that damn game.
Well, we had to do something without a show.
Why is it snowing indoors?
Oh, it's not outdoors.
Why is it snowing?
It's petals.
Oh, God, I thought you were talking about real life.
I was like, what the hell?
Is the ceiling caving in?
Yes, Rob, it's snowing outside.
That, you know, special 100 degrees snow.
We know.
Turn it off.
No, you didn't want to talk when you had the mic.
So, meh.
I like Dance Summit Okay, next Alright We're not going to take an opening break tonight We're just going to go right into the show
Yeah, you had a 20 minute opening break before the show, so deal.
So, hello and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 61.
We're going to get right into it.
If you want to join our chat room, www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
If we're a little dazed, you just have to forgive us.
It's taking us a minute to kind of get back in the groove here.
Trying to do the show.
Hey, get in the groove.
I made a DDR.
No.
Do you want to... Ow!
Okay.
Get out the whip, babe.
All right.
If you want to visit our... We'll come out later, I'm sure.
If you want to visit our webcam, because we have a lot of guests in the studio tonight, go to our chat room and they'll tell you how to get to the webcam because we're not giving out the URL here because that's incentive to go to the chat.
Okay.
Let's go around and say who's here tonight, because we have a lot of guests here.
So you know DarkSakura and Loki, of course, by now.
We also have.
Say hello.
It's Puppy over here.
Tepp Puppy is in the house.
Yes, after... Be careful with that!
If you break something...
Also with us tonight, say hello to, and this is somebody who's new, never been to the show, say hello to Violet Hypergirl Hello, how are you?
She brought her whip and everything, so she's going to, oh hello Not in the house, not in the house dear, unless it's in the bedroom Wait, you're 18 now, huh?
When's your first movie coming out?
I'm just kidding It's not going to happen with me, don't worry I already went clubbing, so yeah
Ah, you went clubbing.
Where'd you go?
We went with Randy, Yellow Jacket Boy, also known as DJ Taka on the boards, or Taka Shonen, as you guys might know him on Calibumani.
We also went with Aori, we went with BJ, and we went with Psycho Joe.
Wow.
Yeah.
Apparently clubbing is a place where everyone's either drunk or high.
Not when I go.
Well, drunk maybe.
I get drunk a lot.
I don't get high.
I don't do that.
I don't endorse weed.
Now, drunk on the other hand, that's different.
Yeah, drunk on the other hand, completely different story.
Okay, I'm noticing we're still having some connection stability issues.
Like, our chat room's running fine, but the station seems to be having...
Thanks for watching!
California, Oregon, Washington all had an outage on Comcast so we all went down for about 10 minutes but for some reason some areas went down for an hour and we were one of those lucky areas so anyway bear with us the show will be played back in its entirety on Wednesday and Thursday of course the webcam is also being switched over to one minute refresh because of the traffic on the net right now because of this Comcast outage so I'm switching it over to one minute refresh
I think the buffer, introduce yourself one more time, dear, because I think the buffer hit right when you were introducing yourself.
Hello, it's VHG.
Yeah, okay.
Hi.
All right.
Do you need to let out a burp, Jamie?
Just let it out.
Let it out, girl.
I'm going to exercise the burp.
My burp is stuck in my esophagus.
Yeah, pat her on the back like a baby.
I couldn't help because it's like my throat is coated in Pepsi vanilla.
You're like a gassy baby right now.
I knew you were full of hot gas, but... I cannot put that in my hair.
No.
VHG, do not give her the whip.
That's bad.
She doesn't need the whip.
We still have more people to introduce.
We have a guy here from halfway across America we haven't even said hello to yet.
So let's get over here.
Let's go around the couch here.
Say hello.
Hello.
Hi, Joey.
How are you?
I'm good.
You're back!
I'm back.
Joey played his very first game of DDR today.
I did.
This is exciting that one year into Orange Lounge Radio, we can still find DDR noobs and kind of like follow them along as they're getting into DDR.
It's so cute.
Dude, Matt built a ferret launcher.
That's awesome.
You missed it.
Oh, you booked it?
It wasn't that good anyway.
The burp of all burps.
Ferret.
Ferret.
I need the ferret.
Okay.
I need one.
Let's see who else is here.
There he is.
Yeah, baby.
Pass it on.
And here we go.
All the way from Kansas is Shane.
Hi, Shane.
Hi, Rob.
How are you?
Good.
And what's your name online for people that might know you?
Oh, nobody knows me online.
I know you online.
Then it'd be Zex and Shad.
Did you say you posted on some Kansas City board or something?
Yeah, Miklatov.
But you posted Shane?
No, I posted Miklatov.
Oh, okay.
Well, hello and welcome to California.
Thank you.
What brings you to California this week?
Family business and to get away from school.
Right on.
Good deal.
And what do you think so far of California?
We're a little crazy here, huh?
Just a little.
The ferrets flying.
And the burping.
No show for 20 minutes.
And it's nice to find Dance Summit, like, people that like it.
Dance Summit was pretty cool, I've got to admit.
That's what we were kind of filling in our downtime with, so that was fun.
So, a big hello to you, thank you for being here.
Thank you.
This is neat, because just like, what, two weeks ago we had John Fields here all the way from, like, way back east, Connecticut.
New York.
New York.
And, um, he came... Yeah, all the way from Connecticut, and now here we have another fan all the way from Kansas.
So this is cool, I like this.
Alright, and of course, in the corner, where the freshman belongs is... 23rd Vegas.
Where's my fucking joke book, Rob?
Shit.
The problem with your joke book is it's only about two pages long.
I think I have it.
I'm just kidding.
Oh, he did not just go there.
No, no, Rob, Rob, it's more than two pages long.
It's five pages long in 40-point font.
Ouch.
I knew there was a reason you're always here for witty commentary.
Alright.
So, okay, everybody calm down for a minute.
We've had a little bit of chaos in the beginning of the show here.
I thought we'd kick off the show like we usually do, our all favorite game.
How was your week and how was your day?
I want to play this because of course we have some out of town folks here that probably have a lot they want to say about California.
And I certainly have a lot to say.
So let's, I actually have Bomani related stories to tell this week too.
No way, way.
So we're going to start with Jamie.
Hi.
Wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
I got to say it.
Bradley gets a total zing.
Arcadian42 in the chat room, he says, and 23 Magus' joke book, it's printed on recycled paper, just like the material.
I can't ye.
That was beautiful.
That was beautiful.
Oh, I thought that it was recycled, like, you know, like recycled toilet paper.
It's written on five sheets of toilet paper.
Anyway, Jamie, how was your day?
How was your week?
My week sucked.
I worked, and Dan lives off in Texas.
He manages an unnamed video game store.
Unnamed?
Unnamed.
and this unnamed series of video game stores had a conference in an unnamed state named Texas.
It's named now.
You killed the ferret!
I killed the ferret.
Where'd it go?
Okay.
Give me the ferret.
Give me my baby.
I want this baby.
I don't want it now.
Okay, anyway.
Anyway, um, so I've been really, like, by myself all week, and it sucked.
And I played some, played some Phantasy Star.
I played some, yeah, my new addiction, sort of, is Phantasy Star Online.
Which I'm playing on the Xbox.
Because I gave up playing it on the GameCube.
In response to Naoki in the chatroom, yes, you must get Disgaea.
Yes, you will.
And it's...
Ooh, Jamie, okay, what are we looking at?
What are we looking at?
I don't think I wanna know what's in that jug.
They're growing a mutant in this bottle of orange juice.
It expired in July, and I got it in the fridge today.
Yuck.
Might I add, I was about to pour myself a glass.
But penicillin is good for you.
It's an antibiotic.
Yeah, right.
In rare form.
Let me shift my position here.
I'm still hiding from the webcam.
Anyway, what is that?
All right.
Richie, they do not look like maids.
Get over it.
Please.
Anyway.
Okay, the Caphras look stupid now, by the way.
But anyway, so I played like a whole bunch of Ragnarok online and they implemented the Komodo patch, which I made it there walking with my assassin.
Anyway, with the judicious use of fly wings to teleport.
And then I found out that with all the free wharfs, it only cost me like 2,000 zenny to get there with my merchant.
So I took my merchant there, bought 60,000 steel arrows, and doubled all of my money.
And then I started a guild named Battle Royale on my archer.
Anyway, um, so yeah, my week's been, like, full of gaming, and then full of some really stupid crappy stress.
I didn't touch a single Bermondi game all weekend.
All week.
You know what?
The past four weeks we've done this segment, you haven't touched a Bermuda game.
I am next week.
Max 2 is coming out this week.
Do you plan on playing it?
I'm going to play it, yeah.
I've still got the interestingly acquired dance pad at my house.
You mean my dance pad?
It's been at my house for 30 days.
Hey, watch it, lady.
I don't like where you're going with that.
I'm kidding.
It's not paying rent either, so evict it already.
I'm kidding.
You know I give it back when you ask for it.
Provided we don't break up.
Because that's how I got it in the first place.
And then I found out that I'm 69% male on my live show.
Which is funny.
Excuse me, but I don't have balls to scratch, thank you.
Okay, then.
No!
For those in here, Magus, he said, I thought they were on the upper body.
Flying carrot!
This thing hurts, by the way, when you hit people with it.
My, my...
I have found out that this thing that I have my hair wrapped up in hurts really hard if you get whapped with it.
What about the whip?
Whips hurt too, but this hurts more.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, where's the whip?
Anyway, I downloaded a bunch of crap from my computer.
and she's also the most wonderful sister in the world because she's working on darksakura.com and by the way we did some work for roleplay.darksakura.com which should be a few more forms have been added on so everybody has to sign up for it now and then that's it so that was your day and your week Dan came home today
And he might be leaving early tonight.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Because you might have to plan for a long evening.
Dan came home tonight, and we're going to go get food, but I ate.
I had a salad and blue potato chips, which I'm going to share with everyone.
Mmm, yum.
Blue.
Do they taste like blue?
They taste like blue, amazingly enough.
Awesome.
They taste very rugged, like blue.
Rugged and blue.
Rugged and blue.
Just a reminder, you guys, the chat room is kind of bitching about things going up and down.
We're doing the best we can.
Address those cards and letters to Comcast.
DDArcoholic in the chat room says, Comcast is so freaking unreliable, it should be illegal to run a business the way they do.
And I tend to agree.
It's pretty sad.
It's even worse than Scandia's business.
It's worse than Roseville, Golf Land.
A moment of silence, like, I can't believe he just went there.
I worked at Arcades, I know what's going on.
Anyway.
Um, Loki!
How was your week, how was your day?
He's doing dishes.
Mid-show!
Microphone to the... Alright, anyways.
Let's see, this week was expensive.
It involved buying things.
There's a lot of wood outside.
Loki bought some stiff wood.
Yes, I bought eight nice sheets of MDF for the arcade cabinet.
I'm working on finishing my pads.
I'm almost done.
I've got one of them almost done.
It was...
I'm starting the wiring on it, but I, yeah, I haven't gotten around to it.
But anyway, starting the wiring on one of the pads, the other pad needs to be done, probably be done this week.
Arcade stuff, I'm getting the rest of my buttons pretty soon.
I ordered an Atari 2600 trackball, it's going to be hacked into turntables for 2DX.
So you're turning an Atari 2600 trackball into a 2DX controller?
No, the optical controls for it are going to be for the turntables for 2DX.
But then I have these two spinners here.
I realize they're pretty useless now.
Yeah.
Because I can't use them.
It's because it's a B-movie.
But anyways...
So, I bought a bunch of shit, and I spent a lot of money, and now I have to scrimp for like a few weeks, and then, um, what else did I do?
I can't even see the screen.
It's for the best, Loki, don't worry about it.
Our chatroom is bitchy tonight.
Man, you robbed them of 20 minutes of Orange Lounge and they're just going, freaking claws out.
I think Loki's kicking someone from the chatroom.
And of course he's under my name.
Hey, be nice.
That was under me.
You did that under my name.
That's so mean.
Why did you do that?
I didn't do it, and Jamie knows it, and she's my witness.
I said not to.
I didn't do it!
That's Rob.
My God, I said not to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm going to kick him.
Where's my foot?
That's pretty bad.
Smell the shoe!
Mine smells worse.
Okay, anyway, so what else did I do this week?
Will somebody invite her back, please?
Anyway, go ahead.
Yeah.
So, um... What else?
I don't know, I didn't do too much this week.
It's pretty much just working on the stupid pads and then, you know, just sitting at my desk, rotting away, and... At one point I was trying to... I didn't know how I was going to hook up the pads to, like, the, um...
I know I'm hilarious.
Okay, if you're not in our chat room tonight, you're missing out.
I'm sorry that we're so one-sided, but our chat room is so bitchy tonight.
It's beautiful.
You must be there.
www.callybomani.com Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
Yeah, anyways, so...
Moving on.
Yes.
Yeah, that's pretty much my week.
Yeah.
Just a lot of nothing.
Oh, and I found a lot of rotted stuff in our fridge, which I cleaned out.
Not bad, huh?
Yeah.
Hmm.
That's it.
I'm done.
All right.
But then again, you know, if Marin wants me to, I can keep talking all night long.
I can never stop.
I'll talk about my week and my day.
Yeah, you do that.
My week was, there wasn't really a lot to it.
Work, sleep, play, you know, type thing, whatever.
There was that, and then, but this weekend, this is cool.
Yesterday, yesterday I went to Reno.
Reno is kind of a shithole in some ways, but I got to gamble, which is fun because I love gambling.
I think...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I really, really wanted it.
That was real wise.
Anyway.
But not only did we gamble, we went around and played some different DDR machines, because, you know, in a town like Vegas or Reno, every casino's got a DDR machine, right?
So we went to the El Dorado, and they have, get this, a Solo 4th Plus.
Those are so rare.
It was godly.
I was so happy to play it.
I mean, like...
How often do you see a 4th Plus these days, let alone a solo 4th Plus I could play?
And you know, you know, I fired that fucker up and I played solo Conga Feelin' first song.
Six-panel Conga Feelin'.
It's awesome.
And I did some freestyle, too.
That was fun.
I went with the Ice Princess.
I did some loose freestyle, too.
Aaron's ears just perked up when you said that.
I did freestyle.
Yes, I...
I did some great freestyle.
I did a freestyle to the 7 jump.
I did a freestyle to the 7 jump.
It ruled.
Okay.
Oh, I know.
Anyway, I'm not going AZN.
I haven't started playing Initial D yet.
Nothing flows Initial D. Just everything.
Let's see, and then, uh, Rito is fourth plus, what else did we play in Rito?
Oh, I got my name on the machine at Circus Circus, because, like, then I made it, like, my goal, like, I had to go put my initials somewhere in every machine that I could find, because, like, I have a big ego or something, and, like, I feel the need to spread my sky germs everywhere.
Oh, heaven forbid.
So, anyway, that was pretty much my week, my day in a nutshell.
Yeah, yeah.
So if EvilMaliki2DX says he humped that machine, so I humped it too, so we kind of had sex.
I hope you wore a condom.
Oh boy.
I danced to Oh Nick Please Not So Quick too, because to play six panel erotic is just beautiful.
Moving on.
What was set number two in your five toilet paper sheet joke book?
Poppy, how was your day, how was your week?
Um, okay, um, this week has been, uh, stuff on campus, looking for a job, and Disgaea.
And more Disgaea.
And more Disgaea.
And more Disgaea.
No, I really don't remember anything I did the past week besides play Disgaea.
That's, and that's kind of sad, but it's time well spent.
That's a really good picture.
And none of that caught on the microphone.
A game has to be good when you hear some really disturbing jokes about a zombie and a horse wiener.
Is this something out of Magus' jokebook?
What?
No.
No, I'm serious.
It's actually part of the plot of the game.
Your ass is still on the webcam because it hasn't refreshed.
Your webcam's checking you out.
Anyway, puppy.
And then, yeah, besides the fact that I'm now settled into my apartment.
What is wrong with you people?
It's something in the air.
It's Comcast does it to you.
Tag teaming.
I feel like I'm in kindergarten again.
Okay, now we just need some whoopee cushions and we'll be set.
I was going to say, I kind of have to fart.
Kidding, kidding.
Kidding, kidding.
No, I have a, what do you call it, a cigarette lighter somewhere though.
Alright, that was it?
Alright.
Joey, do you have anything you want to share about your week and your day?
My week was filled of work and work and more work.
Kind of boring, huh?
But it pays the bills.
And let's see, this weekend I was off and didn't do a whole lot, just hung out.
And today I played my first game of DDR.
Yay!
Congratulations!
Very first time.
And what was it?
I passed...
A three-step.
Yes, you passed a three-footer.
That's a DER lingo, a three-footer.
I passed it.
That was so cool.
First try.
Anyway, other than that, that was it.
Cool deal.
And what was the three-footer you passed, do you remember?
Was it... Look.
Look into the sky?
Look to the sky, you got it.
There you go.
Good job.
to the chatroom.
Chaos, this isn't channel DDR Freak.
Mom jokes are not welcome here.
Anyway, our chatroom is so feisty tonight.
What a bunch of bitches.
Anyway, let's move on.
Andrew, Mr. Magus, tell us about your week and your day.
My week was full of bombing Japanese quizzes and putting it in locks at the ARC arcade.
I've been studying, Jamie.
And I've been working with a student association at ARC.
trying to get some machines worked on.
They're checking out the Beachhead 2000, trying to get there a place for something but money.
Most likely another DDR machine, but can't count out 5-key.
And there's a very minute chance of poppin' music, but yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Why are you all turning it to me?
What the fuck?
No!
Anyway, let's see.
More to come in the FU, so yeah.
Oh, I can concur with that, actually.
And now, if you noticed, I saved our two guests for last, and one's on the phone right now.
Must be on a booty call, so we'll talk to Aaron.
Oh, never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind, this is Dad.
Thank you for watching!
Well, my week was full of planning for a friend, planning a birthday party for a friend.
A surprise birthday party.
Which, by the way, when we surprised her, I've never seen her turn more red until that day.
and she started crying too.
So it was a really good party and I slept over.
So I am running on about three hours of sleep, a sip of DNL, some water, some orange juice.
Don't forget the penguin mint.
Huh?
Don't forget the penguin mint.
Yeah, the penguin mint and I don't know what else I'm running on.
Hi and welcome to college.
Yeah, I feel vaguely hungry right now but it hasn't hit me yet.
I'm hungry too.
Let's get the blue chip.
No!
by the way, my apartment has two vents for those of you that don't know I'm currently in Davis right now and I will be here for the rest of the year my apartment has two vents none of which are in any of the bedrooms my toilet leaks there's a big water stain there's a water stain on my ceiling
We won't have any internet for the next two days.
Yay, no internet.
Don't get Comcast.
I don't think we have Comcast.
You're getting DSL, right?
That's not Comcast?
I don't think it's Comcast.
Ooh, they're passing around blue chips.
So he wants to finish his chip.
I'll get them in a second.
So, and now my weekend will be winding down with spending time with this crazy, insane, perverted Orange Lounge crew, which I love so very, very much.
And yes, it is true, I do have my whip.
So there will be a lot of mass bondage orgy tonight.
Mass, mass.
I heard orgy.
Okay.
All right.
Not just any orgy, Loki.
Ass bondage orgy.
Oh, I thought she said ass bondage.
I was like, is that like leather panties?
Hey, that sounds like fun.
Except for the ass part.
Ass bondage is super glue.
Right.
Mass orgy sounds great.
I'm down.
Whoa, whoa, this is a side of Loki I've never seen before.
What, mass orgy?
I've never seen him just propose a mass orgy like this.
Sorry.
Anyway.
Let's talk to Shane.
I'm not sure he was proposing it.
I think he was just agreeing with it.
I went in order of distance here, so Shane has to be last.
I'm just kidding.
So, how you doing?
I'm good.
My week sucked because we drove 1,690 miles from Kansas to get here.
You counted.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you don't have much else to do on the road.
You had to drive through Nevada.
Yeah, oh, and I have a serious FU to Elko later.
Oh my god, okay.
But, yeah, two days of driving, eh, family, eh, Scandia.
Had 2DX, that was pretty good.
Got AA on Dancer, yay.
Died on Yoru no Sunglassu again.
And, yeah, just relaxing, taking time off of school.
Any other interesting things you've seen in Sacramento while you've been here?
Let's see.
No, no, really, it's been pretty good.
Oh, I know.
What did you have for the first time today?
Oh, Mongolian barbecue.
That was awesome.
I burnt my tongue and it still hurts, but it was good.
We took them to one of the Mongolians that isn't even like one of the really good ones we always go to.
We took them to that one we used to go to by my old house.
It's just called The Mongolian Barbecue Behind Wasabi.
It's okay, but it's not even the best one.
Well, you can't have Mongolian barbecue now.
They're all closed.
I've never had Korean barbecue.
Anyway, so what else are you going to do on your trip?
I just got my San Francisco trip cancelled, which is fine.
Yeah.
What?
Dad doesn't want to drive anymore, so.
Oh.
That's okay.
You get to hang with us more.
Oh no.
You can come over for Vanilla Sky tomorrow night.
My spin-off show.
I'm so glad you asked, Aaron.
Vanilla Sky airs on Orange Lounge Radio every Monday night at 7 o'clock, provided we have a fucking internet connection tomorrow.
And on Tuesday nights... God damn it, I'm eating my chips.
Tuesday night is Pump Up the Volume with me.
Pre-show at 7 o'clock, show at 7.30.
To 10.30.
No, you can't have any more of my chips.
Oh.
There's something stuck in here.
Oh!
No, there's something, anyway.
But it's just an hour and a half, I'm sorry, three hours of lots of crap that I decided to play.
But if you're in the chat room, you can request something, and if I have it, I'll play it.
And if it sucks, I'll laugh at you.
And then I talk about killing people.
Often.
Okay.
Will you kill about, will you talk about killing Comcast?
Will I kill about fucking?
Oh, hi, there's a mic right here.
What do I talk about on my show?
First of all, Rob, I don't have much of a reason to because my internet was only out for five minutes.
And I wasn't even there when it happened.
The only thing that obsessed me about that is I was vending at the time.
Yeah, so now your vending's gone.
And your pre-show got pretty much axed, unfortunately.
But now you don't have to do one for next week.
I guess not.
I was going to say... Oh, my show.
Aaron asked what I talk about on my show.
I talk about... We talk about news stories sometimes, and then we sometimes get into other games.
We talk about Puzzle Pirates a little bit.
We talk about Ragnarok.
We talk about console games.
I saw...
So now you even have more reason to join DarkSakura's forums.
And just general crap.
We have little bits that we do every week.
We do video game trivia to bad music.
And we do guest the Yahoo talkback because people on Yahoo are idiots.
So tune in and see for yourself.
Sorry, I just want to answer the question.
Anything else you want to say about your show, Jamie, on Tuesdays?
I'm going to try to do video game music trivia, like actual where I play music and people guess, for an hour on my show.
So let's see if anyone can dethrone Dark Tetsuya.
Huh?
They can't hear what you're saying.
Can he do it?
I'll see when I'll start it.
You just gotta be there.
Alright.
That's
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
so it's okay if we burn it but Wednesday we'll be playing Max 2 live on air so for those of you that can't get it right now because of money issues or whatever you can play it vicariously through us that's the whole idea and don't worry you'll lose interest just as fast as we will yes
and then you won't even want to buy it.
But with DDR Max, we actually did this and it was somewhat more successful than we thought.
I remember when I got Max, I went live with it.
A lot of you really liked tuning in and listening to it.
So I'll have the webcam going and everything.
So tune in for that this Wednesday.
And the next Wednesday, if it works out... What?
Well, I was just going to say that the first time we did that with Max, you kind of didn't have it very well set up.
Yeah, it was kind of a shitty set up.
But you can already tell it's going to be much better this time because we have Loki's toys.
Next Wednesday, the T's aren't crossed and the I's aren't dotted, but we're hoping that we're going to be teaming up with another website to bring you some exclusive programming.
That's all I can say.
Some very interesting debut programming next Wednesday.
Just a one-off show.
I don't care about, but whatever.
Don't sound too excited.
It's going to be big, though.
A lot of you guys are going to be all woke.
Yeah, you friggin' losers.
Anyway, Loki.
I haven't been there in a long time.
Why are you giving this to me?
Here.
What are you doing?
You're a friggin' nut.
I was supposed to talk about my show.
My show is called Mass Bondage Orgy.
It's every Thursday.
We have a Mass Bondage Orgy in the middle of the room.
We kind of moved the table over because, you know, it's kind of in the way.
But that pretty much explains the stains on the ground.
Yeah, so Mass Bonded Georgie every Thursday at 7 o'clock.
Are you seriously changing the name?
I bet more people would tune in.
You know, that would be pretty funny.
Loki's been having... I feel bad because people tune in to listen to my train wreck of a show, and Jamie gets some pretty good listenership on her show, but for some reason you guys are not tuning in on Thursdays.
Hey, guess what, you guys?
Friends sucks.
Don't watch Friends, listen to Loki's show.
Oh, if the same amount of people keep tuning in constantly, I guess I'm going to have to stop doing my show.
It'll take a day off, you know.
What?
Do you need to borrow a TV?
We have an extra.
We'll see what we can do.
We'll see what we can do.
I'm willing to sell mine for cheap.
I have a nice 19 inch TV, pretty much like new, I just upgraded to a 25.
Anyway, Livewire, this is why no one tunes in Loki, talk about Livewire.
Livewire, it's my mixing show, it's been going on for like 7 weeks now, except for one week where I didn't do it because it was my birthday.
And then, um...
Yeah, so we did last week was Bomani remixed music and we played a lot of like erotic trance stuff and then a lot of just remix stuff like from 2DX and DDR and that kind of crap.
And then, you know, you guys were, you know, treated to a very nice set, you know, all four of you that tuned in.
And actually, you know what, it was a good set of music.
It was some good stuff.
And you had some stuff in there we never heard before.
Like you had the long version of that Drifting Away mix.
That was cool.
Yeah.
Pretty much, um, yeah, my show, I give it like a C+.
It's okay.
It's like... Yeah, don't sell it.
You sure know how to sell your show, Loki, I'll tell ya.
It's the best damn thing ever.
There you go.
There you go.
It's the best damn thing ever.
Ooh.
Women get naked on Loki's show.
Oh, hell yes.
They're just naked on the other side of the computer.
That's it.
From now on, for my show, I'm going to put a live nudie picture on the webcam.
There you go.
There you go.
Instead of for people to tune in.
Nudity on live wire.
It's a sweep stunt.
Yeah.
I know.
He needs to have like a flash version of Gals Panic.
That only is up during his show.
If you're tuned in.
Wow.
Uh, no.
There you go.
Marin says, the best damn remix show ever.
I like, it is the best damn live Bomani remixing show on live 365.
We know this for a fact.
Yeah.
Yes, all one of them.
Loser.
Freakin' A, yeah, so it's my show.
I try to have it prepared before, you know, I go live.
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
Like this week, I just kind of pulled it together five minutes after the show started, so.
Yeah, they all are.
Now, if I'm not mistaking, don't we have a new Loki remix we're debuting tonight?
Yeah.
Ah!
We'll do that towards the end of the show, because, um...
I have banned that guy five times on BBRP.
Are you done whoring out Livewire?
Yeah, speaking of whores, plenty of whores on Livewire!
Lots of whores!
And mass bondage.
In fact, we're just gonna play, like, pornos.
Nah, that's alright.
He has his own collection in the closet.
Nah.
Just have handcuffs.
And those are the lame handcuffs, too.
Are they fuzzy handcuffs?
No, they're plastic handcuffs I got with the Lupin kit.
No one missed it.
I got it.
It was great.
Anyway, we kind of cut Shane off.
I feel bad because Aaron gave us a chance to openly whore out our shows, and we just jumped all over it.
We're like, screw the guy who came out here 1,700 miles.
I think that we just hopped on that one and dry humped that segment.
Plenty of dry humping on Livewire.
We apologize for dry humping your monologue, you may now continue.
Okay, dry humping the monologue, sex with my dad, sex with my uncle, God.
Anyway, I didn't really have anything else to say except for it's awesome here and I miss it a lot.
Anybody else have anything to say, Rob?
Is somebody trying to ban Nostald?
No, I'm copying his quote.
Don't ban him.
I'm not banning him, you retard.
Was somebody just...
I already ended it again.
Well, shit, maybe we ought to just go to a break then.
Eh, no.
Why don't I just hand the mic to Jamie?
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Oh wait, I lost the link for our forums.
Where are our forums, Rob?
www.kaleebomani.com Click on forums.
No, not on me.
Okay, let's... So everybody, send Rob, flood Rob with private messages with everything that pisses you off.
Alright, sounds good to me.
And then ping him.
God, our connection sucks enough thanks to Comcast.
And then everyone, ping Nostylan.
At once.
Don't ping Nostylan.
Hump the boxes!
By the way, for the record, Diet Vanilla Pepsi tastes like shit.
Because aspartame is bad for you, and it turns to a chemical that's like formaldehyde when heated to body temperature.
Really?
Really?
That's why Propel is better for you.
The V8 is made with... V8 Red Splash.
It's good.
With Splenda.
Actually, it's the regular.
It's not Diet Splash.
There's real V8 Splash in the fridge.
He'll go beat up a pineapple so you can have the juice of the pineapple.
This is really good radio.
Anyway, so Rob, where's my music?
Sorry, we're still having some buffering issues.
Son of a bitch.
I'm going to buffer Comcast in about two seconds.
Well, we'll just start off without it.
This is fucked up.
Here we go.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm getting your song.
Wait, I'm racing you now.
Shit, I went into the wrong directory.
I'm fucked now.
This is really, really good radio.
I'm very impressed.
That's a bit further into it.
Okay, there we go.
Here it is.
Okay, the first one of the week goes toward one of the moderators on a forum that I roleplay on, and I'm not going to say the forum yet, because I actually have no problem with everybody else but this moderator, who's abusing his power.
First of all, okay, this is funny, he accuses me of flaming.
Accuses me of, you know, all this stuff.
The first thing is, how many boards do I moderate on now?
Five, six, seven boards?
An admin three?
Okay, this has struck me, so I've reported him to the side admin, so that we can be careful, please.
Unless, you know, he's dry-humping the admins.
Um, hold on.
He'd probably have to be doing more than dry-humping the admins to get away with that.
You know, I would give the admin of this site more credit than to have such foretaste.
We'll go ahead.
But, you know, if it turns out that there's no resolution to this soon, then I'm going to do some very public announcements and possibly report the site to their sponsor.
Ooh.
because you know what?
There's a few things that I tolerate.
Everyone knows me.
If I have a problem with the service, even if it's free, oh, I will let them know.
I will let them know.
So, yes, I'm a good moderator who hardly checks the board anymore.
But no, that was really my only thing.
One goes, you know, I was really, I guess, lonely.
Nobody came to my house!
Damn you, people.
So I was... So I was there, um... And then... And then, uh... Really nothing else happened.
Alright.
It's evil sounding.
Fine!
I just deleted it off the damn playlist, too.
You guys are never satisfied.
Just keep this.
Aaron says they won't be satisfied until you start doing sexual favors.
Okay, who wants dibs?
I'm joking.
Fine, here you go.
Hope you're happy.
Anyways, F you to Comcast, because, I don't know, everyone was mad at them, so.
But I got to eat my ultimate cheeseburger today, because of that.
Jack in the Box should be paying you.
Yes.
Anyways, F you to the fact that my stuff costs so much for this damn cabinet.
You know, why can't it be free?
It's just wood.
I mean, trees are dead anyways.
F you to that.
F you to the fact that Lowe's doesn't have the size brackets I need for my...
Uh, Keyboard Tray, so I couldn't get them after wandering hours through that store looking for keyboard tray bracket thingies.
Yeah, that sucks.
But, um, uh, what else?
Oh, um, F you for a cable going out because I was downloading, um, Evil Dead 1-2, Army of Darkness, and Into the Woods, and that stopped about 77%.
Um, F you to people at my work because they just suck.
You really annoy me.
You know, if I'm on the bottom floor of my company and I'm next to the elevator, if you ask me if I'm going up, I'm gonna hit you.
I have no choice.
I can't go down.
I have to go up.
Maybe they want you to go down.
In that bondage orgy of yours.
Not with that old bitch.
There's this one bitch that walks around at work, I swear to god she's like a zombie.
She should be dead already.
She just looks so decrepit and old and smoking.
I'm just like counting the seconds.
Effie to NASA.
You know, crashing something that costs 1.5 billion dollars is pretty stupid just because you didn't want to contaminate a moon on Jupiter.
with bacteria that might be on the satellite probe.
Who gives a flying fuck what happens to the moons of Jupiter?
They can fly away and smash into Neptune for all I care.
It doesn't really matter.
And if, oh, we kill life on Jupiter's moon, are we really gonna know?
Seriously.
and waste $1.5 billion for that.
You know what I think it is?
I think that that satellite didn't cost $1.5 billion, that they pocketed the difference and, you know, financed, God knows what, a penis enlargement for George Bush.
I don't know.
It doesn't...
They financed that deal when they were trying to unify and automate all of the McDonalds to where it registered everything that every store did, but of course that failed and the company lost a lot of money.
FQ to the RAA and the MPAA because you think that you know how to stop people from file sharing.
You know, it's kind of funny because I do remember Napster, you know, and how nothing changed and it's only gotten worse.
So what do you think is going to happen this time?
You think it's going to magically solve itself and, oh, people are going to stop because they're getting sued.
No, when you look at the statistics and you have 261 people out of millions of people downloading stuff, that's a pretty small statistic.
Hell, getting struck by lightning, you have more chance than, you know.
Um, FE to Hurricanes, because, um, they're windy.
And, um, also, um...
FU the fact that I bought these spinners and I can't use them for anything.
That sucks, and I cry.
Those spinners are so nice.
And FU the people who don't like me talking, because I don't care what you think, and I'm going to keep talking over and over and over again, and I'm going to keep rambling on and on and make this segment go longer than it really needs to.
Will you talk during the mass bondage orgy?
Oh, yes.
I'm doing play-by-play for that mass bondage orgy.
And um, F you for not being super duper rich so I can have an outing at a strip club.
Because it would be cool.
Because I could.
Yeah, maybe.
Anyways, um... I might be done.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait for it.
Oh, oh, oh.
I remember now.
F you to the stupid discount toy store in the outlet mall, because I was gonna buy about another six ferrets, but none of them freaking squeaked.
That would've been hilarious.
Darn.
Darn.
Big darn.
Don't worry.
But anyways...
Soundbite.
Soundbite music.
My turn.
My FUs for this week start off with the one and only Comcast, I hate you, you burn in hell, I hope you catch SARS, and I hope your dick falls off.
You suck.
We have like, our listeners are going through hell tonight trying to listen to this show because you guys are assifying our connection.
I just made a new verb.
Assifying our connection and you suck and yeah.
Well Comcast may be a guy but it drives like a woman.
Just kidding, just kidding, just kidding.
Just kidding, god.
That joke was too easy, come on.
That joke... That was, I love Eren.
That joke was way too easy, come on.
Anyway...
It's a feng shui of the highway.
Aaron's ranting about old drivers, of course.
Well, here, here's the mic.
That's pretty much all I have to... You know what, I'm sure there's plenty of other things I could be mad at right now, but Comcast takes the fucking cake.
F you, there's a microphone in court because I swear to God it's trying to kill me.
Yeah, you have to listen to the... Wait, no, that was last week.
Yeah, man.
Alright, moving on, let's hear from our other...
Yes, let's start.
I guess since Erin has a mic, we'll let her go.
Erin, what do you want to say FU to this week?
First of all, another big FU to Comcast.
I hope that you guys all rot in hell.
And I will go after you all!
I swear to God, you're worse than AOL.
You all know how AOL is.
Another big F you goes to the governor's race right now.
I don't trust Bustamante, Governor Gray Davis is an idiot, and Schwarzenegger doesn't know jack shit about politics.
And unfortunately that looks like the future of our state.
Yeah, vote for the porn star, people!
Oh, you're running.
Jokes!
Jokes.
No, we're fine.
Just keep going.
The problem is there's a problem somewhere between Comcast and Live365 right now, so when we're trying to upload the show to Live365, we're dropping out massively.
I mean, but we're still recording as a whole show.
He said drop out, and we're playing drop out.
I hope you catch Saws.
So, yeah, we're just going to keep going because Wednesday and Thursday's Rewind, this won't be here.
It's going to still be one big show, so keep going.
Okay, I guess another big FU goes to, I would say an unnamed group of people at an arcade who start drama over Initial D. Now!
I've been around DDF Freak long enough to know, okay, it's huge, I know there's drama.
And when there was drama in the parent community, I just said, fuck it, I'm leaving.
Okay, but when you start drama in the initial D community, what kind of idiots are you?
Okay, just because some guy is going out with some girl doesn't mean you're going to start spreading rumors about him.
It's not a high school anymore, get over it!
This goes to the people who post on the initial D thread on the board that I mod.
You guys start drama again.
I will go after all of you.
That initial D has its own thread.
That's sad.
He'll tell you.
I'm starting the pole position thread on DDR Freak.
Okay.
You're a loser.
No one plays pole position anymore.
I play pole position anymore.
Screw you.
Sorry, Aaron.
That is my ultimatum to all who post on the initial D thread.
I am counting warnings right now, so don't piss me off.
And I am nearing that time of the month, so don't piss me off.
Because if you do, I will go find... I know people who have large, large swords, and I know where you all live.
And what do you mean by swords?
Is that a sexual innuendo there?
Loki, no!
I mean weapons, actual weapons, metal... Sharp metal swords that will slice them all up.
Okay, I have how... It's nice that the boards are quiet right now, but... Yeah.
And... Huh?
Coming from a fellow moderator of those boards, it's kind of boring now when there's like three new posts a day.
Well, it's actually kind of nice because the people posting are all the intelligent people.
True.
If you notice, we've had no AZN people, we've had no Flame Wars, we've had no drama.
Poor Baka.
Oh!
Okay, see, now you just gave it away, alright?
Well.
Well.
Actually, now that you've blown our coverage, there's no Oliver either, thank God.
So, I guess I'm done with my FUs, other than the fact that a big FU goes to my apartment for the leaky toilet, the noisy fan, the lack of vents, which will suffocate me one day and I'm going to kill my landlady, and the wobbly furniture.
So, yeah.
I'll hand it over to Andrew.
Oh, okay, you can go Josh, that's fine.
Joey.
Josh?
Who's Josh?
Sorry.
Nobody.
Right.
Okay.
My FUs for the week.
I would have to say I'm going to kill the already dead horse.
FU to Comcast, I've been down for five days.
You can't say FU to Comcast enough.
Say it again.
I've been down for five days.
I am having internet withdrawals.
I am tired.
Jokes, people, jokes.
So, yes, that's one of them.
Go to hell with your $57 a month and I've been down for five days.
Anyway, my other FU would be to all the people in Nevada and Northern California that lock their keys in the car and leave their lights on because it makes my life a living hell.
So, that'll be it.
Um, let's hear from Shane.
Um, first off, F you to Elko, Nevada.
I wanted Taco Bell at night because I hadn't eaten anything all day.
And is it so hard to keep your stupid store open till, like, 10.01?
Frickin' closing at 10.
Um, F you to old people because...
I was at Taco Bell and this old guy slammed his door into my parked car and tried to blame it on me, because he's old.
And F you to my living situation because I sleep out in the living room because they can't seem to find room for me in their rooms.
So, yeah.
And F you to driving to California instead of flying because it's really boring.
Wait, do you pay rent at that place?
Yeah, I pay like $1.80 a month.
Oh my god.
I sleep on the couch.
You know how much we pay here?
At least three times a... Well, I mean, well, actually, well, each... Well, it doesn't matter.
Anyway.
Point I was trying to make.
If you pay rent there, you should have your own room.
Yeah, well, this one guy has all his music stuff in there, so... Well, fuck his stuff.
You're more important...
We're trying to kick him out by raising his rent.
I was going to say, sorry if you're listening, dude, but that's not cool to make somebody sleep on the couch unless they're not paying rent, if you're being nice.
And my computer's in the corner, so I can't, like, get any privacy.
Oh my god.
You're robbing this man of his internet pornography.
That's horrible.
Jeez.
Anyway, um, yeah, that's all my FDs, so.
Thank you.
Andrew.
First of all, Victor, F you to you, you're not funny, I want my name back, I want my jokes back, bitch.
All five of them.
Second of all, F you to people who get my attention by picking up the phone when I'm online.
Stop it, I'm playing Ragnarok, I'm trying to vend.
Dark, take the phone to the hand, that would be beautiful.
Either that or I rig up a timer or turn off the TV every time I pick up the phone.
Or just the phone, the phone that she uses, just pull the cord out from the back so she picks it up and doesn't do anything.
Oh, sure.
She just goes into the other room and picks up her phone.
Unplug that one, too!
We got door locks, so... Anyway, uh, FU to Sakura, that song is a bitch.
Passed it, like, what, fifth try.
No!
Get that whip away from me, Jamie!
In case you guys are wondering, that's the two ferrets tied up with my whip.
On the webcam.
Yes, on the webcam.
So, go ahead, Andy.
Okay, okay, okay.
How about a mutual FU to Legend of Max, okay?
Just to make it balanced.
Holy shit, he's gonna hit me.
And once again, FU to Angel not being able to tune in today.
It's for what?
A month and a half.
Oh, shit!
Parrots flying everywhere!
Is that Orlando?
Uh, yeah, that's it.
Oh, you didn't do it, puppy?
I'm sorry.
I need to rant a little.
Jeez, watch out here.
Fling that parrot.
Okay, um...
Like, uh, yeah, what should I say?
Fuck you to, uh, fuck bad, uh, bike tires because my tires for my bike is sitting flat in my room because it was broken and I need to get respect for it.
And meanwhile, there's spirit baseball going on in the living room.
I can give play-by-play of Ferret Baseball.
Facing up the middle!
Andrew Fields it!
The throw home!
The pitch!
It's a bluebird down the left field line!
I'm getting kind of distracted by the fact that Loki is batting a ferret around the room.
Damn it, I forgot my FUs!
Come on, you can remember!
Don't beat me, Jamie, no!
I think there's no more insanity here!
I'm gonna back up now.
I'm going to back up this way out of Jamie's range.
Ah, barely just out of the range, okay.
Now, uh, fuck this guy for depriving me of sleep all this week, and, uh, fuck the Tapioca Express and Davis for letting your GDR machine go to shit.
Exactly!
I couldn't agree more!
Yeah, I know, it's just a bitch, isn't it?
Yeah, totally.
Hey, listen, there's you, the ferret.
Dear ferret, what do you think of Orange Lounge Radio?
Okay, um... And...
Fuck that arcade, it's in the end.
Now I can finally change the music because it's time for the chatroom FUs.
Give them something happy.
Give them the Ohaska.
Dartetsuya would like to say F you to Comcast.
Enough said.
Thank you.
I have something to say in addition to your Initial D Battle Horse comment.
Yeah.
because they start too much drama because I don't know why I don't know why you guys yeah that's all it is just drama whatever happened to the times there was like no drama when everyone is happy why do you think I play at home but yeah you don't need to start drama over every single person's life please stop if you bring it to the board I will be very very angry
Fuck this Live365 operator guy.
Because when they can't connect to the stream, when we go out, Live365 operator guy comes on and says, You're listening to a station that is currently unavailable.
Please try... It would be better, though, if they had, like, some lounge music playing.
Yeah, some Tom Jones.
Moving on with EvilMaliki2DX's FUs.
Oh, and fuck the lazy-ass volunteers who didn't do shit in the video game room at JTAF and just wanted to get into the con for free.
and fuck the hotel maids at Best Western Miyako Inn for giving me a hard time.
A hard time.
Oh, and fuck Uni's dad for being such a cheap ass.
NoStylin says, my FU of the week is screw little rocks you find in charcoal.
I mean, God, you buy the good brands and you still get little pebbles in there.
I go, what the fuck?
I mean, you pay $1.99 for a stick of good old charcoal and you get this little pebble.
It just messes up a good drawing.
Grr.
Oh, I thought it was barbecue charcoal.
You can do really good drawings of BBQ charcoal though.
John Fields would like to say, F you to my inability to learn new languages quickly.
F you to Honda for forgetting to order the part for my car and thus wasting my Saturday.
F you to RCN for not fixing my cable again.
Hey, at least they're not as bad as Comcast.
F you to my GameCube making weird clicking sounds and causing PSO to crash all the time.
That's not good.
What would you...
What does it mean if a GameCube is making clicking noises?
That can't be good.
Victor, you are actually a winner for saying that AOL equals Governor Davis.
Thank you.
Be nice to Governor Davis.
Don't insult AOL like that.
Alright, that was John Fields who has a clicking GameCube.
Chaos!
says F you to government class because it is the stupidest class in the world.
So fucking stupid.
The end.
He did.
He put so fucking stupid.
Minced.
would like to say F you to my digital systems class.
I hate inverse logic and De Morgan's theorem.
Otherwise, I'm good.
Except for the fact that once the buffering is coming from the other side for once.
Yeah, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, boy.
Hey, Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm gonna shove that ferret up your ass and push the button.
Jason, our buddy down in the southwest, says an FU to myself for missing like three Orange Lounge radios.
Unacceptable.
Fired!
An FU to Live365 for being Microsoft's whores.
By the way, Loki, congratulations about your plan.
Jason would also like to say a F you to stupid computer crap happening to keep me from listening.
You can blame Comcast.
Send those cards and letters to Comcast.
Care of Satan.
StaplerX would like to say F you to the assholes at JTAF also.
They took 10 years off our video program Head's Life.
You should let me run a movie room at one of those cons.
I never found out though.
That's it.
I have read all the FUs that I have been given.
So if you...
Oh, did one just pop up?
Oh, she's still telling the story.
I'm sorry, did your alcoholist still tell the story here?
I got home and found the driver's side front tire starting to shed its tread.
Ouch.
I took it to Sears.
The story's coming in a little bit too.
While the story's going on, I'm going to say I have read all the FUs at this point.
If you didn't hear yours due to a buffering issue, sorry.
We're just trying to go through the show as we usually do.
The show will play in its entirety without these buffering problems, hopefully, provided Live365 isn't using Comcast.
The show will play through in its entirety on Wednesday and Thursday, and we might, actually, we might play it tomorrow night after Vanilla Sky as well.
Diddy Alcoholic says, took it to Sears, all four of the tires need to get fixed.
All four!
Sucks.
She says actually only three were bad, but she might as well change all four.
Um, tonight, what do you guys think?
I don't know if we should do a cage match tonight because of our issues.
Yes, we're doing a cage match.
Well, what about because of our issues, the guys aren't going to be able to vote?
They're not able to stay on the stream long enough to hear a song.
I went through a lot of trouble.
Poopy on Comcast!
I went through a lot of trouble.
Should we table it to next week?
Okay.
Yeah, I think we're going to...
We could, okay, we could do it this way.
We could instead of letting, well, I don't know.
I could say instead of letting the chat room vote, we could let everybody else here vote.
But that might be kind of tough and biased.
There's enough people here to vote.
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
Hey, are we going to do a cage match and have you guys vote?
We can try to let the listeners do it.
Let's see what happens.
Let us know what you want to do.
Do you want us to try Cage Match?
If I don't get at least five votes in the chat room, then we're tabling it over to the room here.
So that's what we're going to do.
It's not a big deal, but... Oh, sorry, she didn't write earlier.
That's okay.
It happens.
Okay.
They're saying the stream's okay right now, so we're going to do the cage match right now.
Why not?
Let's just get into it.
We're doing a commercial-free show tonight, apparently.
That's alright.
It might be too commercial anyway.
I was funny, and no one noticed.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, the MP3 that I was sent from D.R.
Angel won, and it was a mislabeled MP3, actually.
I found out a little, just after the show, I found out the MP3 was actually mislabeled, so you voted for the wrong thing, actually.
I said on the show that it was a band called Froggy that won.
It's actually Foggy, no R.
So the band that actually won last night was Foggy.
I'm sorry, last week.
Last week was Foggy, and the song is called Come Into My Dream.
So this is the song that won last week.
Huh?
You what?
Oh, you downloaded a DJ?
Oh, good.
All right, so here it is.
This is the first song you can vote for tonight.
Why are you guys laughing?
Chat room.
Chat room.
Chatroom says, just died as he said do it.
They say the stream's okay right now, so we're gonna do... And apparently we dropped right there.
I think it's still gonna work enough for the, uh, for the Cavemen show.
Let's do it.
Um... I'm gonna continue... No, we're recording this.
Let's just get it over with.
You know what?
My monitor stream's still going, so I think they'll be able to get in.
So, cage match!
Since we're having a moment of dead airspace, let's offer a moment of silence for our stream.
Alright, let's get into it here.
Okay, our monitor stream is still going, so I'm assuming that other people need to be connected still.
So we're just going to get into it.
Last week's winner, first song you can vote for tonight, Foggy, Come Into My Dream.
Enjoy.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
There were rainbows in the night You and me could fly And the ocean shined so bright And the ocean shined so bright
That was a clip of song number one last week's winner, Foggy, with Come Into My Dream.
Once again, since we're still having some bad connectivity problems, if...
um... we don't get enough people in the chat room and please don't vote chat room you're on your honor tonight please don't vote unless you heard enough of the song where you think you can make an honest vote of all the three songs so if we don't get enough votes from the chat room we're going to vote in house so because of that i'm going to only ask for scores and feedback from the hosts on the next two songs usually we
Usually we let the whole room comment on them, but, um, we're, usually, it's mine, go ahead.
Usually we let the whole chatroom, or we let the whole room here comment and judge the songs on a scale of 1 to 10.
We're not going to do that tonight because you guys may be voting.
So, that's that.
Okay, uh, Jamie, why don't you introduce your song that you picked tonight?
It's, um, I was looking for Jan Johnston songs, well, ones with her singing.
and I found one by Freefall with her called Skydive.
And I had it on repeat for a while.
And then I think that I just had it on my playlist so I put it in there because I didn't really put any thought into it.
Alright, so you ready to hear it?
Yeah!
It's Freefall featuring Jan Johnston with Skydive.
The first moment before our first touch We know how long we have to hold each other And we've drowned in love, no such thing we need Now we're here, we have our own language
I could skydive on the moon, sail the ocean, on my bed I could swim around, scream my name, take a nap, I'm afraid to run, run, run, to you.
Thank you for watching
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
Okay, that was song number two tonight.
Free Fall featuring Jan Johnston with Skydive.
Let's go around and see what the hosts thought of that one.
Jamie.
Nine.
No comments?
No, nine as in the number, not German.
Loki.
It was okay, but I like some of the other ones that she does better.
So I give it like an eight.
I agree.
Jan Johnson, great.
Love that other one that Jamie brought about two months ago.
That one, eh, okay.
I think I'd be interested to hear more Janis Johnson stuff, but not necessarily that song.
I give it a seven.
Why don't I replace her, you know, replace Paula Terry with Jan Johnson?
Dude, that would be awesome.
Good idea.
Dear Konami.
All right.
So there you go.
We would usually at this point go around and see what our other guests think.
But we don't care what they think.
But we don't care what they think.
No.
No.
What did you pick today?
I picked this one because, you know, whatever.
I made it today.
It's cool, I guess.
It's the Fly, the 2003 Burst mix.
It's just a Burst style, I should say.
Blatantly ripping off of the, what was it, B-Rocku, you know, 1998 Burst style, so...
It's The Fly, 2003, Burst Style, Loki vs. The Deep Project, and I'm sure you'll recognize some of the samples in there.
Actually, this was the song that they sampled another song that was in DDR Extreme and also was sampled in one of my remixes, so you'll probably recognize some of them.
So in other words, it's another Loki remix, a new one.
Yeah, it's about as remix as the Politary Orbit Tribe thing was.
Alright, well let's have a listen anyway.
It's Loki vs. Deep Project with The Fly, 2003 mix.
Here it is, song number three.
All right, that was song number three, Loki vs. Deep Project with the Fly 2003 Burst Style.
Jamie?
It was cool, Abe.
We're looking at the fake porn.
Loki.
Eh, it was okay.
You know, we were listening in the studio here, and you can't really hear most of it gets drowned out just because the bass is too loud or something.
Whatever, I don't care.
I threw it together in like an hour.
I care not, so whatever.
Seven.
I feel a little uneducated to make a vote because I'm not familiar enough with the original song, so I'm not sure how much it was actually remixed, but it sounded very much like a video game racing song.
It was very good.
I liked it.
I didn't... I thought you said you mixed it with Electro-Tune, but I don't hear it.
I don't know if it's... Is it really sped up or something?
Not really, but it has Electro-Tune in it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I feel like I'm being forced to make remixes, so they're turning like crap.
God damn it, why'd I have to make The Legend of Trance to begin with?
Because now I have to live up to that, and that sucks.
You still need to make the one that I asked for.
Was that the Safari Trance one?
No, the Safari Trance one just won't work because no one's that talented.
Well then what's the one you wanted to hear?
The one with, um, uh, what was that?
Release Your Mind.
Oh.
Yeah, it has to be TACC.
Alright guys, it's time to vote, chat room.
If I don't get at least five votes, and please don't vote unless you feel like you heard enough of each song to make a decent vote.
If we don't get five votes in the chat room, the real room here, the live room will vote instead.
So that's why we haven't heard what the guests think of the song chat because they may vote on them.
So let's hear a little recap.
I'm going to play a little bit extended recaps than I usually do because of the buffering issues.
And so you guys all have a chance to listen one more time because I know you are, right?
Okay.
Yeah, exactly.
So, a little bit of extended clips here, but just enough so you can get an idea of what's going on.
Here we go.
First up, last week's winner, song number one, Foggy, Come Into My Dream.
Alright, song number two, Free Fall, featuring Jan Johnston with Skydive.
Here it is.
Free Fall
Alright, song number three you can vote for tonight is Loki vs. Deep Project with the Fly 2003 mix.
All right, so those of you in the room, go ahead and write it down on the paper, the one you want to vote for, and fold your paper in half, and then we'll look at them in a little bit.
Otherwise, chat room, if you guys were able to follow us, place votes now.
over a private message to Sky in the chatroom.
Anyways, you wanted me to mention this because I mentioned this the other day, and because it's also one of the songs I sampled, which I might add was not very remixed, but it, whatever.
You know, I added, like, a better drum beat to it, and that's it.
Whoop-dee-doo.
Anyways, so anyways, I was going to mention that F-Zero GX has three songs that sample the song, or actually three songs that are remixes of the song The Fly by The Deep Project.
Which also, you might remember, was also sampled in The Legend of Max Which, shut up
You're not even on mic, so shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Okay, anyways.
So, I was going to play clips from the three songs.
Let's see here.
Let's start off with the first one, which was... Basically, these are all the character music for the characters in F-Zero GX.
We'll start off with Deathborn, which is one of the characters.
We've played this for my... Let's see, anyways.
Why did not Louie... Okay, here we go.
Deathborn, that's a remix of a fly, believe it or not, which is kind of neat.
And then we've also got Blood Falcons theme, which was the one that I remixed, barely.
I know it sucked.
And it's probably a lot better without the crap they threw on top of it.
But anyways, that's Blood Falcon's theme.
And then we have Black Shadow's theme, which I wanted the remix, but it just didn't work.
So, um... Anyways, I just thought I'd mention that, because that was kind of neat.
Whatever.
F-Zero rocks, because it's fast.
But, um... Yeah, I admit, I know that... I knew full, uh...
I knew from the get-go that that remix wasn't that great, and I was going to throw it in there anyways, because I just didn't care.
Be glad I didn't choose the chicken dance or something like that.
Oh, Rob.
What?
Speaking of the chicken dance.
Yes.
You should play that for the pre-show and during the break.
Okay.
I'm standing there just for our chat room.
Of course, the chat room can't really hear tonight.
Too bad.
It'll be on the... The replay.
The replay.
Alright, I only got one vote for Cage Match from the chat room, so I think we're going to go ahead and reveal the winner here, okay?
Alright, I'm interested in your votes.
Here we go, everybody got them, I got five, so here we go.
Who is the winner?
Don't juggle the ferrets!
I wish I had the Survivor Tribal Council song here, but I don't have it, so I've got to find another song to fill in here.
Play the chicken dance, Rob.
There's neighbors out there.
I got something even better.
All right.
Match game.
Here he goes.
First vote.
70s porn, fabulous.
The first vote is for whatever Loki's was called.
So that's song number three.
Next vote.
Second song, the one that wasn't Foggy or Loki, so one vote for second song, one vote for third song.
It can't be a tie with five people, impossible, unless somebody didn't write a vote.
Song number three, so Loki's song has two votes, Jamie's song has one vote.
Ah, here's a vote for song one, coming to my dreams.
So now we have one vote for song one, one vote for song two, and two votes for song three.
It is possible to have a tie with five votes.
It is.
Two and two and one.
Right, we might have a tie right here, but that's okay because remember, in case of a tie, the host picks.
The host who didn't get picks.
So here it is, the last vote.
So if it's a vote for song three, song three wins.
If it's a vote for song one or two, we have a tie.
Ready?
Ah, it's a vote for song number one.
So, we have a tie between Foggy and Loki's pick, song number three.
So, Jamie... Who should I vote for?
What?
Who should I vote for?
Who should you vote for?
Harwick!
Marin tried to send a vote in for... I am getting some votes from the chat room.
Do you want to hear?
Do you want to hear?
Add them in.
Add them in?
Well, this is what's interesting.
Okay, we're going to add them in.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
voted for song number two.
So now we have a tie between song number two and Actdeft.
So that's it.
I haven't won in a long time.
Um, oh, that means I have to pick?
Um, I...
This is a tough decision.
This is a tough decision.
I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why this is a tough decision.
Because Jamie hasn't won in a little while.
I've actually been winning the cage match lately, so she hasn't won in a while.
So I kind of feel bad, so I'm like, okay, maybe we should let Jamie win.
And I did like her song.
On the other hand, Loki put a lot of work into his song.
Jamie just gets a song from the internet, but Loki made his.
If you want to feel better, I didn't put that much effort into that.
Really, I did not.
It's better than what I... The song I picked, though, I was going to pick the Chicken Dance Techno Mix.
Oh, God.
I would have voted for that, no problem.
I...
I have a happy alternative.
How about we just take the song that I sampled for the Fly remix, since it's better anyways.
It's a lot cleaner, doesn't have the loud drumbeat over the top of it.
We'll use that instead of mine.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
I'm thinking, I'm thinking I'm going to give it to Jamie tonight.
So there you go.
Where's the ferret?
I need to help the ferret.
The ferret, she needs to help.
She said she needs to help the ferret.
I heard it.
She said she needed to hump the ferret.
If you do, I will, um, beat you with the ferret.
Wait, what was that one that I said the other week that you said you haven't before?
There was something that last week or something that I said that, um, was, you know, bad or something.
I don't know.
Have a conversation.
And now we let the ferrets talk to you.
Alright, so there's the cage match, kind of a little bit fucked up.
Alright, I think, um, what do I talk about now?
Isn't there actually some Bimani news going on right now?
No.
Yes, there is.
I think Loki has something he wants to share with you all.
People still play that?
The money crap?
The modem's up.
I know, I was just being slow.
Anyways, there was, of course, they were showing off DDR Extreme, which we pretty much know is going to be exactly like Max 2 is right now.
What are you doing?
Party, Party Maker
Party Mix, I guess, uh, Dance Dance Revolution, um, Party Mix or something like that, let's see, I don't know, where'd it go, I just saw the link to this, um, where did Dark Tipsy get posted, there it is,
It's Dance Dance Revolution Party Collection.
In other words, I think it's Dance Dance Revolution Best Hits number two.
And you're pretty much going to have, you know, it looks like it's going to be based off the DDR Extreme Engine.
And, you know, they don't really show anything other than diet mode and, you know, standard beginner stuff.
So, it has beginner and diet mode.
Other than that, no, obviously, there's going to be, you know, DDR Max coming out next...
and so on.
What else?
Oh yeah, we've also got, kind of segueing into sim news, Step Mania is at 3.9 alpha 5, and so one thing that's fully supported now is the dance magic mode.
That's fully supported now.
It works, it's done.
Another thing I thought I'd mention, because a lot of sim sites are down, and you can't find your sim file.
But now you can go find all your official sim files at www.ddramerica.com slash bttracker and you'll have all your torrents for every single batch collection of files that was featured on DDRUK.
Go check them out.
They've got tons of stuff.
Everything.
All your official stuff.
I pissed my pants when I saw this site.
I didn't because I already had all of it years ago.
Well, good for you.
They just made so many for the Mac work finally.
I'm a little behind, thank you very much.
Yeah, the Mac's always behind.
Anyways... One second, go!
Okay, got it.
Ferret tail sack on the cab.
Hot ferret action!
Yeah, that's pretty much that, and, um... In other news, my cabinet's coming along quite nicely.
That's it, yeah.
That's all your boomani news.
Oh, and, um... Yeah, TAC did something, and... And, uh... And Jamie perks up like a cat.
What did my man do?
I still had to marry him, you know.
Well, actually, I was going to mention this.
I'm trying to remember where I saw it.
I think it was Bomani Style.
Oh, I say Bomani Style.
Thanks, I forgot about that.
F you to Bomani Style for putting music on your front page.
You suck.
What are you thinking?
Seriously, okay, now, we really, really like Bomani Style.
We do, Loki, we do.
TAC?
TAC?
on, uh, yeah.
So, but anyways, I was gonna say that, um, there's that, um, what was it, that Beatmania concert live thingy, 2DX, yeah, 2DX Secret Concert.
Super Secret Concert.
Anyways, that was going on, and supposedly there was some new songs brought out for that.
I'm trying to see if I can pull this up here.
I just want to say really quickly, because Jamie's going, what, huh?
If you actually read, there's a big, long post on Mamadi Style where they talked about where they're taking down the media, and basically...
Most people kind of know by now that read the forums frequently of Imani Style that TAC has been in touch with the people that run ImaniStyle.com and that they were going to try and find a way to distribute Bounce Connected in the U.S.
through ImaniStyle.com.
And somehow along the way, though, it's kind of been inferred, and I haven't seen a confirmation in this thread of this or whatever, but somehow it got around that TAC actually asked that the media be stopped.
So...
Which is interesting because I had also heard that he didn't mind so much because he was excited that people outside of Japan liked his music so much.
So, I don't know.
And he's actually planning on having a real release over here.
Yeah, it could be a combination of things though.
Also, if you look in this thread, you read a lot about bandwidth whores and things like that.
People that just leech all day long and stuff.
And they kind of want to explore other parts of what they could do with a money style other than just being a leech that he plays.
That makes sense.
Anyways, I was going to say that the 2DX Secret Live Party performances, here is the playlist for the performances.
You had set one, which is by Tack, and he did Abstract, Electro-Tunes, Schlagwerk, Stoic, Holic, DXY, Quasar, and Traces, so that was kind of neat.
Aww.
And then you have Slake was set 2, did Breeding, Music to Your Head, and a new song which is untitled right now.
Set 3 was done by Wack, which did Linus, Spica, Over the Clouds, and Regulus, Make a Difference, Murmur Twins, Linus, and Moonchild.
And then Akira Yamaoka did...
I would have wet my panties
Tomorrow's Perfume, Colors, Pandora, the new song by DJ Taka, Motion 2003, and Rainbow Flyer, the vocal version.
So that was kind of neat, and hopefully we'll get MP3s of those new songs soon.
And the vocal version of Rainbow Flyer was actually not done by Sana, it was done by Noria, was actually there.
Noria being the one that did Glorious Days and the Happy Handbag song in Einstein, I can't remember what the hell it's called.
and Platonic XXX is supposed to sound like a Japanese version of Secret Rendezvous with rapping.
What?
Yeah.
With rapping.
So I know that means it's probably going to be in the next DDR, so I mean, that's kind of cool.
I don't know if that's a bad thing.
I mean, it's not bad.
I mean, it's
Sylvia Drive.
That's what I was trying to think of.
Sylvia Drive.
I love that.
That's a great signature right there.
Nigga stole my bike.
Sorry.
It's from Mike Tyson's punchline.
Oh, no, no, no.
That's what it was.
It wasn't Lion Suki in the other song.
It was Lion Suki in the theme to Metal Gear Solid.
Oh, yeah, that's right, that's right, that's right.
Which I would love...
Where did God, you guys, try to kill me?
It's your fault, Loki.
It's not my fault because you keep walking around me.
The switch is supposed to stay on on the microphone and the far microphone is supposed to stay far away and the close microphone is supposed to stay close.
Give me...
Yes, Ritz.
Ritz are mine.
God damn it.
I want Nilla Wafers now.
And you get like two and a half crackers.
Yes, this will do nicely.
And Eric can have the empty box.
Oh yeah, you know you like it.
Snap into a Ritz.
F you the Pringles, because they suck.
It tastes like crap.
The original Pringles suck.
No, no, no.
The original Pringles, Pringles now, Pringles in the future will all suck.
And FD the Lays for trying to copy Pringles and put their stuff in a can.
That's because you put your chippies in a can, it does not make them any better.
Pringles.
And what is up with Pib Extra?
What is extra about Pib Extra?
It tastes exactly the same.
I have no idea.
BasicPhysicsAaron, Ling, Box, FerretBow Insert Ferret into Ritzbox Insert Ferret towards end of Ritzbox Fling Ritzbox, Ferret flies Are we done about news?
I'm done I'm thinking you guys What do you guys think about just make Where'd Jamie go?
What are you guys thinking about just making it a two hour show tonight?
Just like old days.
Because we have no listeners, we're pretty much done with a lot of our topics, can't really interact with the chat room tonight, so.
We're pretty much dead in the water, and we can all thank Comcast for that.
Cunts.
No listeners, huh?
Not very many listeners?
No, I mean, no, we have... God bless the chatroom, they're trying to get in, they're hammering to get in, they're just trying their best to... Stop ramming the stream!
Everyone give a fuck you to Live365 for this sucking.
No, no, no, it's not Live365, it's Comcast and Live365's link is fucked up.
So, it's more Comcast's fault.
Live 365 should be over the handle being hammered.
They're a freaking internet radio station that hosts thousands and thousands of internet radio channels.
What are you doing?
Oh, they're playing with my erotic poetry.
Jamie's reading erotic poetry.
So I'm going to go around at this time and get everyone's final thoughts.
Dude, read the erotic poetry.
Oh, read the erotic poetry first.
So Jamie has written, your vagina breath blows.
I have written, you suck enormous cock.
And now we're waiting for Jamie to do another thing.
My girlfriend wrote, and this is, let me, um, this, a dirty dog's, um, hey, what happened?
You took enormous cock.
Okay, a dirty dog's enormous cock plunged into my ass.
I swallowed his wiggling shaft, smeared...
and smeared his pudding on my pink pussy.
Your vagina blows.
Okay, that doesn't make any sense now because there's stuff being removed.
Then I put velvet jelly love juice.
Alright.
Let's get final thoughts.
We're going to start today with I'll start final thoughts with Andrew.
You don't pay me enough to think.
Shane, thank you so much for being here tonight, and I'm sorry that Comcast sucks a big fat cock.
Yeah, I meant to give them an FU just to be cool like everybody else, but I forgot.
But thank you for being here.
Oh, thank you.
And I hope you had fun anyway.
I did.
Good.
We enjoyed Dance Summit, by the way.
It was fun.
Yeah, it's cool.
So, we'll see you.
It sounds like we may see you on Wednesday here for the Max 2 show.
Yes, instead of being San Fran anymore.
Just cry.
Sadness.
You can come over for Vanilla Sky if you want tomorrow.
Okay, I'll have nothing better to do.
All right, we'll see.
We'll get somewhere.
Hopefully, hopefully I can do that show.
We'll see.
Joey, thanks for being here again.
No problem.
And a final thought?
Uh, not really.
Congratulations on the three-footer once again, then.
Thank you.
That means, you know what, if you keep at this pace, next week will be six-footers, and three weeks you'll have the cattas down.
You'll be just like us, just like that.
I don't think I can work that magic, but I'll sure try.
Puppy.
Thanks for... Sorry I drive out here all the way from Davis for an under par show, but they're always interesting, aren't they?
Yeah.
At least I can actually know what's going on instead of having to sit at my computer and listen to the live station like everyone else.
This damn signal thing annoys me.
Yeah.
Alright.
Aaron, thanks for coming.
Sorry...
Sorry Erin that your first show had to be kind of a weird one, but you can thank Comcast for that.
It's cool.
But I have a feeling you'll be back.
This puppy.
Good.
Good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Actually, I forgot to add one last FU.
I kind of thought of it right now.
Oh, what the hell.
Go for it.
It was to, uh, the Scanny went to, was it Sacramento's?
Yes.
Sacramento's for, uh, having a fucked up right side pad.
Because, yeah, on Max 2.
I don't know why, but I ended up failing the Whistle Song Maniac.
How?
I don't know.
And Jamie wrote another piece of erotic poetry, Taste Her Nasty Burning Crack Cream.
I don't want to know, but yeah.
So, fuck Scandia for really fucked up pads.
And stupid teeny bopperish ghetto, quote unquote, ghetto people.
And the retards.
And the retards.
And yeah.
Jamie, your final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
My mouth is full of cracker.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
My final thought is this.
We live in America.
It's about competition, being a capitalist society, making money at the expense of other people.
I beg you, anybody that's out there listening, Sure West, AT&T, well not AT&T because that's technically part of Comcast.
Sure West, anybody out there that's listening,
Build a competitive cable company in this area and bring it out here to where we live.
WinFirst.
God please anyone.
WinFirst got bought by SureWest too.
Do all these companies have to keep fucking buying each other out?
Except if you have WinFirst you can't look at DeviantArt so don't go with them.
And you might not see it on the webcam but I just took off my pants.
They banned it.
They blocked anyone with that ISP for actually going in and saving the pictures off their site.
I beg any other competing cable company out there, please.
Please come out here and give Comcast some competition.
They have a monopoly on the market.
This is the problem that we have.
The reason why this sucks, you guys, I would not put up with this shit.
Going through Live 65 and Comcast.
You guys remember... It's actually very good in the... I'm talking Dish.
You can't get Win First out here.
I've used their service at my friend's house and it's really good service.
Assuming that Loki and I move again in April, which I'm thinking is probably going to be the case, I think we're going to go somewhere where we can get DSL instead of cable.
Move closer!
We'll see, we'll see.
Or buy me gas.
We'll see.
DSL is not supported up here.
All right, I'm done.
That's it.
I just beg somebody compete with Comcast, please.
I need another option.
I don't like this monopoly they have on the market on high-speed internet.
Loki.
What?
Final thought.
Oh, I have to contribute, actually.
Oh, I had a final thought.
Loki.
What?
Here's my contribution to your cabinet.
I got more change.
We could.
I want my coin to be the first one in the coin slot.
Sorry, I already put one in there.
That's what it is.
For kind donations.
Money for me.
No, my final thought is, why does the sun have to be so hot?
Because it is.
I don't know.
It's because it's a big nuclear tank.
What do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl?
My ass.
All right, final word of the show.
I'm going to give it to Shane because, for God's sakes, he came how far out here.
I didn't give my final thought.
You should do it, didn't you?
My final thought is my foot repeatedly kicking your butt.
I'm done.
By the way, in regards to my F.U.
of the week, again, I'm not really pissed off at that site.
I'm pissed off at that person.
And I freaking hate people who abuse their power, so I hope that he catches SARS of the genitals.
Oh, I just want to say another F you to people that play this game.
I know something you don't know.
I know something you don't know.
I fucking hate that shit.
I know something you don't know.
I know something you don't know.
I probably know lots of things y'all don't know.
But see, it's one thing to know it and keep it a secret that you know it, but it's another thing... You know what?
I'm never telling you what the quadratic formula is.
Never.
It's another thing to be all like openly admitting you know shit and you're just being a dick and not wanting to share it for whatever reason.
I know where the antidote is.
For your mental retardation?
No.
Ooh, he go nasty.
He get nasty.
Do you really know what happened if you take the other pill?
The birth control pill?
I don't know.
Do you know something about that?
No.
I have to say this.
I was on birth control for a little while.
It made me an insane psycho bitch, but I had really good skin.
There you go.
If you take the red pill, I'll show you how deep this hole goes.
If you take the blue pill, I'll give you an erection.
Right, anyway.
Wait, hold on, no, we can't have final word yet because I don't have the end of the show queued up.
I'm with it today.
You know what, this is just one of those, I'm just writing this show off.
You guys, you know how like big companies when they discover like million dollar debts they have and stuff, they just write it off?
Enron, yeah.
I think you guys were just writing the night off.
This one needs to be like the lost episode.
Seriously.
This is one of the other lost episodes.
Jamie dubs this as a lost episode.
It was lost and caught the void, the big hole, cavernous vagina that is Comcast.
Unfortunately, the end of this show was lost on its way overseas, but it was finished by the Korean recording artists.
Hope you enjoy.
For those keeping score at home, I just showed another dropout on Live365.
That's 36 dropouts tonight, you guys, during the show.
We dropped 36 times.
We really need one more for that.
One more drop.
One more drop.
Come on.
Come on, motherfucker.
Let me bog down computer resources.
Come on, get it to drop again.
Come on, we need 37.
We need 37 in a row.
Come on, boy, come on.
Aaron has something she wanted to say.
You know, I really wonder if we'll ever find a cock large enough to rape Comcast in the ass for everything they've done to us tonight.
I don't know, but I'd be willing to try.
I'm sorry, I don't think you're large enough.
I think it would have to be a collective cock.
One cock together.
I think the cock has to be at least large enough so that in proportion to testicles should be about as large as beanbag chairs.
Uh, we could, we could, we could get Pauly Terry and give it a try.
One more?
Okay, Rob's over here dragging us.
37 in a row?
37 drop.
Quick, end of show.
Shane, final word.
Comcast.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Don't play you hate on me.
Play you hate somebody else.
Yo, yo, yo, I'm a gangster.
Where my dog's at?
Bark with me if you're my dog.
Yo, yo, yo, I'm going...
I'm gonna give a shout out to all the player haters.
I don't like player haters.
If you're a player hater, don't player hate on me.
I'm a gangster.
I'm straight up.
Grr, I'm steaming mad.
Grr.
I'm a gangster, I'm a straight up G The gangster life is the life for me Shooting people by day, selling drugs by night Being a gangster is hella tight I walk around town with a stark erection Then gave your mom a yeast infection I saw the policeman and I punched him in the eye To serve and protect?
What a lie!
I also don't like white people, you shouldn't too And don't get me started about the Jews I'm a gangster
Grr, I'm mad.
I'm a gangster.
My rhymes are bad.
I'm a gangster.
I'm iced out like a freezer.
I'm a gangster.
I don't listen to Weezer.
I dropped out of school at the age of three.
Why?
Because all the teachers tried to play or hate on me.
Oh.
My rhymes are cool, just like doing cocaine.
My rhymes are hot, like a burning flame.
Cisco is my homie, he's a gangster too.
Me and Cisco are the leaders of the gangster crew.
I like to be in jail and he likes to sing and dance.
Some say we're the perfect match.
Step off.
Step back.
Step away.
Step back.
Don't step.
I'm giving a shout out to my homies in cell block 8 Being in jail sucks cause you always have to masturbate Except when a Jewish person goes to jail, all my homies cheer They will make mincemeat out of his rear Ben Petty helped me make the gangster beats in a song I shot him in the face cause he looked at me wrong I'm a gangster, I drop bombs like Hiroshima I'm a gangster, bitch suck on my wiener I'm a gangster
I drive a cool car, I'm a gangster, I smoke weed in a cigar, yo, my gangster flow, yo
No, I don't want to do acapella.
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
