Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, where mommy talks and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, there's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a polyshorum.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've had a sniff.
Skye.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live!
This is episode 60 for September 14th.
2003.
You're tuned into the Vimani Scene's most late show of all things Vimani.
My name is Loki.
And, well, Rob's not here because he's a slacker.
He is a slacker.
We're on time.
Where is he?
Let's start with the fuckies of the week.
Dear Rob...
Okay, and in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, DarkSakura.
Hi.
I have a sandwich.
It's tasty.
I have cookies, too, and I'm going to maul anyone who touches them.
Cool.
And in this corner, we have Rob.
Hi, I'm Rob.
I'm not here right now, but please take a message.
Beep.
Beep.
Today we're going to be talking about lots of Omani stuff and other things and what we did this week and my birthday because I rock and other things.
Also in the studio we have a few guests.
Two guests.
Hey, we're going to have a few by the time this show is over, okay?
First off, we have Arcadian42, Bradley.
Hey, I played in the college.
Can you see me?
and also, been away for a while, our correspondent from the People's Republic of Davis, Puppy.
Oh, and speaking of tardiness himself, here comes... Uh-oh, Fizz.
Who's this poking in the door?
Oh, my God!
I thought you said you weren't going to be here until 7.
Yes, you're late.
Introduce yourself, Dan.
Hi, everybody.
I'm late.
I'm sorry we're late, but we'll get into that later.
Oh my god, does that mean you're pregnant?
No, I'm not.
Not that kind of late.
Go eat.
So, yeah.
I don't have food.
We haven't eaten since Burger King at like noon, so I thought we were going to get food.
We didn't have time to stop.
You have cookies?
Cookies?
What kind of cookies?
Not yours.
Not yours.
By the way, everybody, well, you guys already met, but Jamie hasn't met.
Jamie, this is Joey.
Joey, Jamie.
Listeners, this is Joey.
Hey, how's it going?
Joey, listeners.
Okay, so we should take a break.
Yes, we should.
I think we should take that opening break that we usually do right about now.
We're going to start off this break with the first few MP3s I find.
So we've got, uh, looks like, um... Wait, here, here, here.
Hey!
Oh, you got it?
Yeah.
This is gonna be pretty much random stuff, so, uh... Yeah.
Anyways, um, yeah, enjoy.
I don't know, she was in the mood for talking
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Step Squad to Orange Lounge!
This DDR sucks!
Holler!
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 60 in progress.
I'm a little late.
I was a couple minutes late.
Sorry guys.
My bad.
Blame traffic.
You know what?
The traffic in... Nobody can hear you anyway, and that's a good thing.
The traffic in... Where the hell was that?
Where 680 meets... Fairfield.
Fairfield was horrible.
Because one guy crashes on the side of the road, and everybody has to turn their head and see if they can look at a dead body.
Never fails.
Oh, I think I see an arm!
Exactly, exactly.
It looks kind of severed.
I'm very proud of you guys getting things going anyway, though.
I mean, not that Jamie hasn't done it before, certainly, because remember, we took off for L.A.
for a couple times.
And although Loki picked me... And everyone decided to abandon me to go downstairs and watch the biography of Ron Jeremy.
And even though Loki picked the chicken dance for first break music, I forgive him anyway.
It was cute.
It was a nice deviation.
Yeah, it was a good deviation from a seven minute version of Kind Lady.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I love Kind Lady, but shit, there's only so much of that song I can take.
You just feel the disco groove.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was on antibiotics all week, which had me not able to eat anything.
And then my inhaler that made me all shaky, and this other stuff that's like snorting like fire.
Tastes like burning.
It sucked.
It's like snorting vomit-flavored jelly bellies.
Like the Harry Potter ones.
Ew.
I think we still have some.
Uh, no.
Puppy!
Oh, puppy, let's try it.
This has been it for a month and a half.
For God's sake, we need to get those out of there.
But anyway, it was basically dull.
I came home feeling too tired, too sick to do much of anything.
And then, to top all that off, my car starts behaving very badly.
As in stopping every time I stop.
I'm going to be getting into my car later.
I kind of remember that because I remember when we were driving places doing that vroom vroom thing that my old car used to do.
But it was really doing it very badly and finally it does it at every stop so I decided Friday, I was going to take it in Saturday anyway to have it looked at but I just did it Friday afternoon because I was so tired of it and I went in on Saturday to a
Go check it out.
And apparently the compression is all messed up.
The one side is good.
The other side is good.
The middle is sunken on my engine.
Like at an incline, sunken.
So basically, here's the total cost of what I've spent on my car.
I have had, you know, little tiny things replaced.
I spent nearly $800 having the brakes fixed, catalytic converter put in, a new front axle, and then, not to mention, the oxygen sensor I had replaced much earlier.
And now they're saying it's going to cost $1,800 to fix my car.
And they likely need a new engine and a back-end rebuild.
Who'd you take it to?
I went to Meineke.
www.DarkSakura.com
You know, you should see, because remember Loki's story?
I don't know if this was last week, but you had the brake issue going on.
Oh, that was this one.
My bad.
I don't want to ruin the story then.
What we're going to do is we're just going to do a patch job on the engine and make it drivable.
But in the meantime, Julie's offered to let me use her car.
Oh, what a sweetheart.
Well, her old car, which went fine, but we tried to take off the dash last night to put in a fan switch because her old fan switch doesn't work.
And we just gave up.
We're like, we're going to let the men's do it.
So...
Dan and them were supposed to go over, but I couldn't get a hold of her all day.
Okay, normally when I hear, oh, you fucker, I look over and go, what?
Yeah, but it wasn't directed at you.
No, I don't mean me.
I was meaning what's without.
I'm just kidding.
Okay, you can shut up.
I'm not supposed to hear it at you.
Piece number 47 of 47 of Beatmania Complete Mix 2 was 68% done.
Now it's a 404 on the internet.
Might add that each piece is 50 megs in size.
Dough.
Dough.
Anyway, so my Saturday was composed of lots of... I went to Mimi's Cafe because I'd never eaten there before.
They were pretty good.
I bought a car battery.
Go to Sam's Club.
They're $47.
I bought the fan switch.
I bought a multi-tool.
I think it's in my pocket still.
I have a multi-tool.
I feel handy.
Hold my multi-tool up.
Put it on the camera for me.
Go up there.
No, like, stand with me and put it on the camera.
Geez.
Because I'm lazy and you're not.
That's my multi-tool.
It's really neat.
And it was $3.
So that was the cheapest thing I bought all day.
And then we...
I went to TGI Fridays last night.
After Julie and I were in the middle of a massive game of Phantasy Star, I'm like, give me that.
Give me, give me my knife.
Yes, I am, I'm still into my Rite and Rock online, however, I am now back in the highly addictive world of PSO-pium.
You know, you chose to take your PSO break, like, right when I started playing, and now that I'm done with it.
I'm playing it on Xbox now.
I think you're avoiding me, is what it is.
I'm not avoiding you, Rob.
I'm going to go in here.
No.
But that's basically it, and I haven't heard anything about getting the Sentra today, so.
And I have to take the Tercel out again.
I'm very upset that the Vic Viper has finally crashed and burned.
I'm thinking of getting, sort of looking at an Echo.
An Echo.
They're blue, and if I get one, it's going to be the Twinbee.
I'm a nerd.
And I hadn't touched any Bimani all week.
Good for you.
End of story.
Because you always have to ask since technically we're supposed to be a Bimani show.
We worked some more on my message board today.
I'm going to give myself a shameless plug on this.
I was going to say, do you want to give yourself a shameless plug?
roleplay.darksakura.com Sign up there.
If you want to run a free form RPG on the message board, sign up.
I will set it up for you and make you a moderator of your own forum.
And if you want to discuss any...
Roleplays.
Coming soon, I'm going to be implementing MMORPG forum on there for Phantasy Star Online Ragnarok.
And I may even put a stupid little Puzzle Pirates on there.
You know what though, Jer's got a great Puzzle Pirates forum.
I'm still going to put one on.
Alright.
And I'm going to put one on for actual video games.
And yes, we're going to have the Battle Royale RPG discussion forum.
We could do a message board style one while we're working on the tabletop one, too.
I actually signed up for your message board the other day, finally.
Yay!
When you called and you wanted me to relay a message, it kind of reminded me, oh, I should go sign up for her board.
My boards are really awesome.
Sign up for them.
Everybody must or I'll steal your soul and feed it to my cat so that she can poop it in her litter box.
What a lovely thought.
Thank you.
I'm done.
Okay, then let's go on to Bradley.
Hello, by the way.
How are you?
I'm okay.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Pretty uneventful.
I'm looking for a job.
That's basically everything I did this week.
And then I went to QZAR yesterday, and we'll probably talk about it later with the group.
Yes, QZAR.
Loki or me is going to talk about QZAR in a minute here.
Don't worry about it.
I don't know if I did anything else interesting at all.
I only played one game of DDR and that was yesterday.
Oh, Jamie's... Jamie, you did that under my name.
Now I get all the credit for that kick.
I don't care.
Okay, you're always nice when you kick people.
Or you say something silly.
I'm just like, because you suck.
Or die or something.
So they know it's me anyway.
Anyway, okay.
I'm sorry to so rudely interrupt you.
It's not much to interrupt if I'm not saying much of anything.
Was there any interesting things you did this week?
Any Bomani accomplishments or anything?
No.
No?
It's all good.
Okay, well, moving on then.
Puppy?
I got a microphone again.
Yes.
Okay.
So what are we talking about again?
How was your week?
How was your day?
Oh, let's see.
For my week...
I didn't work this week because I was busy spending every single day packing all my stuff into large cardboard boxes so I can throw it in the back of a truck and drive up to Davis and move into my new apartment, which is actually pretty good.
Hooray for not being in the dorms anymore, huh?
Yes.
I remember when I moved out of the dorms in my own apartment, it was like, oh my god, life is great.
I know.
I actually have my car now, too, so I can, you know, leave whenever I need to.
And that's good.
and then uh I went to Scandia earlier today and tried to play 2DX but the damn figures at the right side has to be broken the damn key keeps like freaking out or something and then um I played like one game of DDR and got too tired haha old I know I'm getting old dammit it must be college
I don't want to go there.
I know what to do about camping, because I've been going camping at the same place for like 12 years, so I know the place.
Well, don't I feel like an ass?
I'm sorry.
Well, you should!
And now I'm watching Loki type something on the TV computer thing.
Any other exciting events you want to share about your week?
Pretty much before yesterday...
Oh, I did get to go to Ikea for the first time.
Ikea is so studly.
I love going to Ikea.
It's fucking scary, okay?
Why do you think Ikea is scary?
It's a big blue furniture Death Star.
That's what it is.
It's not a big blue furniture Death Star.
It is the cool.
I love Ikea.
Like, it's...
Okay, Ikea is beautiful because it's just everything in a box.
You can get a chair in a box, a lamp in a box, a recliner in a box, couch in a box, tea in a box.
Whatever you want, you can get it in a box, take it home, put it together.
But that's the problem.
You have to put the damn shit together.
It's like Legos.
Can't you read instructions?
What's to read?
It's in 12 different languages.
No.
I bought a desk and a dresser.
I'm going to Reno next Saturday, sorry.
Okay, well, I bought a desk and a dresser and a TV stand for my apartment, and now I spent all of Saturday putting that crap together.
There was not one word in the instructions.
It was some weird transgender-looking character pointing out things in pictograms.
It was weird.
It's like the Swedes are trying to, like, take us over.
For those who don't know, the Swedish on Ikea.
I don't think they have Ikea outside of California.
I could be wrong.
I thought there was Ikea outside of California.
Well, I mean, obviously in Sweden.
Is there?
There's actually one over in Schaumburg, Illinois, outside of Chicago.
Damn.
And the only reason why I know this is because I've got a couple of friends that live in Schaumburg.
And that Ikea blows the one in Emerville out of the water.
It is like seven stories tall.
Oh my God, that's so hot.
And it's freaking huge.
That IKEA place is so big.
Size is everything at IKEA, I just like to say.
Seven stories.
That's nuts.
Wow, I'm having to fan myself thinking about that.
Okay, but they need to learn that particle board is not the best material for furniture.
Okay, I put my dresser together at the helm of my roommate, and we tried to move it into my closet, and as we're lifting it up, snap, there goes a board on the front of the dresser.
Thank you for watching!
and we bought a chair that Navi had seen there like three months ago he really wanted so we bought it and then we all took it back to his house and put it together it was so much fun because you had to blow up these big like air bricks type things so we had to get out the thing that you use to inflate a tent it was so much yes because you would blow air in it and it was shaped like a brick kind of it was just a big brick you had to build it out of these air bricks
Yes, you built it out of air bricks, and then you put the cover, you put the bricks together, and then you cover it, you put the covering over it, like, it takes two of you to put the covering over it, and then you have this big air chair that's so much fun, like, I told him if he ever had sex in it, it would be fun, but anyway.
Okay, sex topic just went over my head.
Rocking, and a little bit of this is all falling over, or popping.
Don't rock this boat.
But still, I mean, particle board does not make good furniture, and they need to
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't know.
I got all this stuff put together.
It's all about the watches.
Watches and clocks.
They're going to drive us insane by putting clocks everywhere.
Okay, that did not look right.
Did you ever see Hook?
Just like that.
That did not look right from this angle.
You're a sicko.
Whatever.
Yeah, too bad we're not on TV.
Anyway.
Oh, we do have the cam.
We have the cam.
I forgot.
And the cam updates even faster now.
Yeah, but it's not pointing in your direction.
Oh, I forgot to whore out our chat room.
My bad.
Do it then.
Did you guys already do it?
Do it.
Do it.
www.callybomani.com Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
While you're there, visit our forums because no one posts in our forums and that makes us sad.
And the LiveJournal community.
Yes.
Username Orange Lounge.
and sooner or later you guys are going to update that site, right?
We made a purchase this week, or last week I should say, and we're planning to put that purchase to use soon.
What kind of purchase would this be?
Swedish stock.
Yes, Swedish stock.
A Swedish bank account.
Okay.
I'll go back.
I'll go back.
I'll go back.
Last week went to Bodega Bay and there was about seven of us friends and we took a trip.
It's a yearly trip that we always go to Bodega Bay.
Ran out of house out there and stay, what is it, four days, three nights.
Really fun.
House is right on the ocean and so we just kick it there for, you know, the four days, three nights and drink up and party.
It's almost like that movie we saw, where they went to the cabin and partied.
You guys are a party animal.
Cabin fever.
Yes, we went and saw Cabin Fever two days ago.
Most disturbing film I think I've ever seen.
I don't get disturbed by movies.
I know, I'm not going to talk too much about it.
What?
What's his aunt?
It's the most disturbing film.
Okay, I'm sorry, second most disturbing film I've seen next to that.
That Ichi the Killer that Loki was talking about last week.
I'm sorry, that's too much.
I mean, if there's a line, that movie crossed it.
I don't know, we saw 28 Days Later yesterday and that was pretty disturbing too.
I like 28 Days Later though.
28 Days Later was a good movie.
By the way, it was a good movie, thanks.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
The most disturbing movie ever.
is freaking Manos the Hands of Fate.
You know what?
Even Suicide Circle, Battle Royale, not disturbing.
Suicide Circle, a little strange, but not disturbing.
It's creepy and thought-provoking, but not really disturbing unless you happen to have fixations about, you know, flesh.
No.
Well, there's Captain Fury for you.
A lot of flesh-tearing... Yeah, it was nasty.
It was pretty gruesome.
Tim Curry in Legend, disturbing.
Yeah, I'll agree with that.
But so great.
Anyway, sorry to interrupt.
Anyway, what else?
So that was that.
That was a cool trip.
Came back, didn't want to go back home, and that's why I took a day vacation.
Before my vacation and a day vacation after my vacation.
That's the way to do it.
Nobody ever wants to go back to work after vacation.
How are you talking about I don't work?
But you're back in school.
Well, I'm going to be working.
Where?
I don't know yet.
I still have to go out this weekend.
Oh.
But, like, right now, right this second, you're not working?
No.
But I am still employed at Golfland.
I am still on payroll at Golfland.
All right.
My bad.
And then you get to, later on, I'll deal with the whole thing.
And how you enjoy your job working at a Golfland, I'll never know.
It's not Roseville, especially after what happened to you this summer, which I want to talk about later.
Yes, I will talk about that later.
But it's not Roseville and there's not hundreds of thousands of snotty shithead kids to deal with.
And no water slides.
For the love of God, do not bring up each of the killer mid-show.
Oh no, please don't.
All I need... Yeah.
So I'll have to say yes, I do love my job.
I mean, I've been there for over nine years now, so... And I don't see myself going anywhere anytime soon, so... To be honest, I actually like my job a lot.
Like, four months ago, before I was promoted, I'd be complaining about it a lot.
But right now, love it.
I really do.
Looking forward to a fat pay increase.
Mine's busy now that peak season's almost over.
All you college students just need to hurry up and get in school and stop calling.
I can't really say that because I've talked to so many neat and cool people.
Your typical college student is smarter than your typical mortgage person.
Typical homeowner.
Really?
Let's go there.
Typical.
I, for one, am a homeowner.
I used to work in mortgage customer service and you have no idea how many people I had to explain how to read their loan documents.
It's not funny.
Well, it's, yeah.
I would say they are kind of complicated.
The smart people are the ones who don't call.
I've seen people who sign with an X.
Signing with an X, that's pretty bad
42 people at a time.
Put these nice pretty shiny collars on them and give them all a weapon and have them kill each other off in three days.
Electroshock.
Oh no, Battle Royale.
Have you seen Battle Royale?
No, I have not seen Battle Royale yet.
That's it.
Next time... Are you going to de-virginize me?
I'm going to bring... I'm going to bring over the DVD and have you watch it sometime.
Okay, Battle Royale real fast.
In case we have any new listeners, we'll run down the Battle Royale spiel again real fast.
In case we have any new listeners, because we're constantly bringing up Battle Royale on the show.
Battle Royale.
Japanese movie put out what?
99?
94.
Put out 94.
Oh, I don't think it's that old, dear.
Is it?
Well, whenever it was put out.
It's 2000, okay.
Regardless, it's not that old, is the point.
So it's not that old, and they put a bunch of students on an island, and when we say students, we're talking like 7th and 8th grade kids, 9th grade kids, and it's some kind of government program where they basically say, you guys have to kill each other, and the last one standing gets to go home.
And it's really violent, because, you know, it's not an American movie, so they're not subject to all the, you know, R rating stuff.
It had a theatrical release in Europe.
See, but the Brit is joking.
You can show tit on TV in Britain and no one cares.
But basically it's really violent and kids kill each other and it's great because kids get really annoying.
It's not censored.
There's no censorship.
Oh, hell no.
Oh, I mean, yeah, there's censorship in Japan, but the movie's not censored.
They're not going to show nudity when it's about seven and eight year olds.
Gratuitous violence, yes.
Nudity, no.
Gotcha.
I'm sorry, 7th and 8th graders.
I said 7th and 8th year olds, didn't I?
Yes, you did.
I like picturing them as junior high school kids.
Don't ruin my fantasy.
You're sick.
9th grade is high school here.
You're a sick man.
You know what?
Playing DDR as long as I have.
You get to hate kids real fast.
Anyway, hi.
I love those things.
Anything else?
Oh, don't encourage them.
Don't encourage them.
You know what?
I still love this thing.
Oh, yeah, baby.
I think I was bringing him all of a sudden.
Didn't you have to take a nap?
Actually, I am quite tired.
I've been driving all goddamn day.
Rob, you're on a timeout.
Go in the room.
Ooh!
Uh-oh.
I have the microphone!
You are cool.
You like the ferret.
He just sneezed.
I can't believe he just sneezed.
Rob is making the give me hand, trying to take the microphone away from me.
No, and look at me.
I'm on the floor.
Give me chair.
He's pouting.
Look at that lip.
My goodness.
Rob's being cute.
Okay, I have to give it back.
I win!
He got present with a ferret, and that was funny.
That was a flying ferret, though.
Those are... are... Special.
Special!
I thought... One of these was, like, long gone, and we couldn't find it.
Anyway.
It's right here.
Goodie.
Anything else you'd like to share about your week?
He's getting cold.
Ah, let me think.
No.
Okay.
Okay.
Uh, you want me to go or you want to go, Matt?
I can go.
Okay, my week and my day.
Um, well, my week is pretty cool.
I've had a great weekend.
I've had a really, like, long weekend, which is good.
Um, God, Friday night, uh, went over to Joey's and we watched a movie.
And, um, Saturday we went to Matt's birthday thingy at QSAR.
SAR.
Q-Stars
It's, it's, whatever, it just happens.
Joey said that he likes to go to the beach.
And I'm like, I haven't been to the beach in like a couple years.
So Joey was like, let's go today.
I'm like, okay.
So we went to the beach today.
We went over to Stinson Beach.
Stinson Beach over on Highway 1.
Which is right just north of San Francisco.
And you have to take the most windiest road to get there.
It's so fun to drive.
Luckily I didn't have to drive.
Oh, I was having fun.
He was holding on to the goddamn door.
I was not holding on to the goddamn door.
Did you master the inertia drift while driving?
The inertia drift.
You have to remember he hasn't played Initial D yet.
Yeah.
Okay.
Initial D is a racing game.
Oh, I love racing games.
I love racing games.
I'll bring Initial D over next Sunday then.
Cool.
I said it last week and I'll say it this week.
F, Initial D.
F-Zero's where it's at.
F-Zero's much better.
I know, I knew I would.
It's okay.
Um, okay.
So, uh, the Windy Roads, we went to the beach and the beach was fun.
We took about a gazillion pictures and there's, uh... Yeah, we did take a lot of pictures.
Thank you for taking all sorts of, like, disgusting pictures of me trying to climb the rock.
Oh, you guys will love this.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And he can't pass them.
Yeah, like five miles the whole trip.
And I'm like, there's passing lanes.
Turnouts, use them.
So we got stuck behind them.
Grandmas or grandpas listening out there, you know, turnouts, use them.
And not only did that slow us up, but then when we got to Vacaville or whatever that was, not Vacaville, Fairfield, there was all the traffic.
If it had not been for that traffic... It was only a fender bender, too.
It would not have been for that accident, we would have been here on time.
So for all those of you that get in car accidents, stop it and learn how to drive.
You know what's actually interesting is that a lot of the time it's not rubberneck drivers that cause the traffic to slow down.
Really?
Often the highway patrol actually sends out units to create traffic brakes.
It happened a couple days ago when I was on my way back from Ikea.
They probably do that on major accidents, right?
Actually, no, as I was going down 580 heading home from Ikea, there was a... I guess it was just like a...
Just a minor two-car accident on the right-hand shoulder right near a freeway entrance, and then two highway patrolmen busted ahead of traffic and created a traffic break.
It actually slowed down everyone to about 15 miles an hour as they passed the accident site, then pulled off the road and let everyone go.
Which makes sense, so the cleanup crew and everything can take care of it.
I've seen that happen twice in Sacramento, actually.
Same intersection, same time of day.
Like, we were coming back from the club, downtown, on the highway, coming back from downtown, same intersection, Fulton and 80.
I've seen two huge wrecks there.
And the policemen, they drive across all the lanes of traffic, and they do it really slow to pace the rest of the traffic, because you can't get by them, and you don't want to pass a cop anyway.
And he's driving across all the lanes of traffic.
That would be a great racing game.
Thanks, Car Driver.
Oh my God, that would be beautiful.
You can do it to your own beat.
That's funny.
VidPower is like, speed limit?
What's that?
Something that is posted on the highway that you're supposed to follow, but you notice that on the highways, it'll say maximum speed of 65 miles an hour.
Right.
But in the city, it has just speed limit, 35.
Speed limit, 40.
So it's not the max.
You can go 65 out of 40, but it's just not the maximum speed limit, you know?
Have you ever told that to a cop?
Actually, no.
What about where they have maximum and minimums?
I'd love for them to go after people who are not going the minimum.
You know, they pull over people going, you know, 50 into 65.
I mean, come on.
Joey and I were talking about this on the drive home today, too.
We decided that there needs to be a lane just for special people like us.
Screw the special people.
It should be Joey's lane.
Hello.
You know, I don't have to deal with these idiot morons that don't know how to drive.
You know what?
How about a lane that you have to pass an IQ test to be able to drive in?
Like, here's the test.
You know what?
The higher the IQ, the stupider they get.
I don't get it.
When you see an accident on the side of the road, do you A, stop to help, B, slow down to look at dead bodies, C, drive faster?
Go faster.
If you answered C, you get to drive in the special lane.
Oh, there you go.
Of course, you could just have, like, flying cars so you don't have to deal with highways.
That would be so much simpler.
Well, you know what... Thank you, George Jetson.
Being the profession that I am in, if I see something like that, I would have to actually call CHP to make sure somebody's on the way.
Aww, you're a good Samaritan.
I wouldn't stop and help.
You can do it from your cell phone while you're driving, cut a mouse faster.
I would have to call CHP.
That's just me.
Okay.
I think that's all I want to say, because we'll talk about QSAR later, I'm sure Loki might get into it or whatever.
We need to take a break before we talk about that, but Loki, do you want to talk about your week, your day?
Well, sure, why not, you know, since I'm just sitting here.
Um, let's see, this week wasn't all that important, you know, it wasn't like I had my birthday or anything, and, uh, yeah, I'm 23.
23?
No one died except for John Reeder.
I clean.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, but I didn't kill Giant Cash.
John Ritter, though, was me.
There you go.
Oh, man.
Johnny Cash, he had one foot in the grave anyway.
I mean, when his wife died.
Hey, hey, you know, I was really depressed.
And I normally don't get depressed for famous people.
Don't get me wrong.
Johnny Cash, great man, talented man.
But his wife died four months ago.
He's been having all sorts of problems anyway.
I mean, bless him for trying to keep going on.
But it's the same thing happened with my grandma and my grandpa.
It's just too hard.
Your spouse goes, you're next.
You get sick often.
This is what happened with my aunt.
When her father died, her mother passed within six hours of him.
And she was in perfect health.
So, I guess, you know, I'm glad that they're all, you know, united again.
But it was very depressing.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Happy birthday.
So what you're saying is Johnny Cash was so distraught over the fact that John Ritter died that he too...
I don't know about that.
Don't know.
Anyways, um, so yeah, I didn't do too much this week.
I took two days off, so I had a four day weekend.
And, um, Thursday I went and got my breaks done, took it over to the mechanic that happens to be just like a few feet from our door.
Like literally right over the fence.
And, um...
So I took it over there, and I found out that, you know, I got my brakes done, it didn't need to really be done, but I went ahead and did the back brakes, because it was kind of a birthday gift for my mom.
But, um, so, found out that, like, Speedy Oil Change lied about, you know, my brakes needing to be done, they just wanted more service for me.
You know what, I have, that, just Speedy in general, or any kind of those quickie lubes, don't go.
That's all I have to say.
Well, and they broke my axle.
See?
Hello?
They damaged my axle so that I'd have to come back and have it replaced there too.
Well, I can't prove that they did break it, but I think they broke it a little bit more.
Because right after I got my tune up there, my car started grinding when I turned right, which is from my right front axle going out.
But that's not going to cost that much to replace, so that's cool.
and they're working my pads some more.
I have them all framed now.
They're all pretty.
And... Yes, they're sitting on the patio.
And yesterday, or no, Friday, I went and bought a TV, a 27-inch TV that I'll be using in my cabinet.
And let me just say that was the most entertaining thing to watch for anyone else that was out there in that parking lot.
Me trying to get that in my car.
It wouldn't fit in the back door, it wouldn't fit in the trunk, so I ended up having to break the box open, cram the TV into the front seat, pad it with the phone that was inside there, strap the seatbelt around it, and hope to God that when I turn corners that it doesn't crush me when it rolls, so that was fun.
Oh, and then getting it in the door as the neighbors are standing there watching me go, oh, it's so heavy!
and then, um, so I did that, and then, um, what else, um, oh yeah, then yesterday we went and played QZAR and I kicked ass and won every game, as usual, and there's some guy there that called me fat, and I laughed at him, that was so great, Boki's like, that guy called me fat, and it was the guy that worked there, and
He was just pissed off that I was beating up on him But we ended up tying and we shook hands at the end That's all what it's about, you know, just talking What are you talking about?
Cues are, that's what you do, you talk That's gay You talk shit all the time and at the very end, you know, you just thank them for a good game Because that's what it is Because the next game, you know, they could be whooping up on you And the game after that, you could be whooping on them You never know, it's just a different situation each time, so What?
I just don't talk to anybody and then I sneak up on them and poke my gun in their back and then fire and run away giggling.
Well then we started doing genius stuff because the arena isn't built that well so the red headquarters, they didn't paint it too well and so we were tagging the headquarters from outside the headquarters because the plexiglass wasn't covered all the way.
Lame.
Let me just say, being on the team that was defeated by you, lame.
Cheat.
Cheat.
We're bouncing shots off the windows and stuff like that.
I'll be on the other side of the arena, see the lights on the windows.
Great stuff.
So we did that.
We had fun.
Played some Cusar.
Dropped some business cards off there.
So hopefully someone picked them up as listening to the show tonight, even though I don't think so.
And that's it.
And there was no Hicks there.
I was surprised.
No Hicks at all.
It was like they knew we were coming and fled.
Uh oh.
uh oh I missed all that anyways moving on yeah
Oh well, anyways, um, so then later on, um, yeah, we left, and then, um, I came back here and I was exhausted, and today I bought everything to convert all of our game systems over to S-Video, and I bought a bunch of, I raped Radio Shack's, um, little component cabinet, and I took all their, um, um,
I want to talk a little more about QZAR when we come back.
Not now.
Because it's time for a break.
We've been talking for like 40 minutes straight here, so we're going to take a break.
Okay.
Fine.
Because I said so.
And I want to stretch.
So, we will be right back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
In the far real, you've gotta learn how to survive Cause you never know where it's your turn to take a dive So you go, you stay with your eyes in the back of your head You never know if you'll be alive or be dead
Thanks for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
Hey, we're back.
Hi, everybody.
Yay, I'm in the chair.
I did it all by myself.
I have the ferret, too.
So what are we going to do?
I don't know.
Give the microphone a rub.
Well, I want, because somebody in the chat room was asking over break, what is QSAR?
Actually, the place is QZAR, and it's with a Z, and it's laser tag, but the reason why we've been calling it QSAR tonight is because on our little receipts yesterday when we bought the games, it said QSAR, and we were joking, QSAR, you know, shit like that.
But, what?
Well, British was Quasar, wasn't it?
Did you call Quasar in Britain?
Yeah.
Jimmy's like, I'm not that big a dork, okay?
But I actually, you know what?
I was talking about how much I suck at QZAR, and Loki told me I had to shut up, because I actually did pretty good.
One game I came in second, just behind Loki.
I was happy.
It was a solo game, too, because I just stood by the headquarters, and every time Loki would shoot enough people that he could go for the headquarters, I'd be there to jump out and shoot him.
I got the headquarters like three times, or almost three times.
I got it twice, and then I got tagged by Ryan at the very end.
I was tagged, and the light was up, because Black Lab was trying to shoot it even... What?
This chat needs to be scrolled down, sorry.
Oh.
Sorry to interrupt your story.
Keep going.
My bad.
Alright, anyways, um, so yeah, I was gonna tag him the second time, but Puppy didn't understand, I guess, the concept of, um, Super Charge, where you have to tag five people without getting tagged, and your gun goes into rapid fire, then you can tag the headquarters, that's the only way you can tag it.
So he's standing there blocking me, because I'm trying to, like, tag the headquarters, and here he's standing there, had I remembered that you can tag it from the outside, you know, that would've saved me a whole lot more time, but, you know, um, so no, I had to, like, you know, kind of
Get tagged a few times, but then I won.
Again.
But, um, what was it, um, there was like some, like, tubby little kid there that was, um, you know, talking crap, and I beat him down, and then, then I was playing DDR later on, and he's like, oh my god, you're good at QZR and DDR!
I was not there, that's funny Yeah, even I would have made fun of that That's cool See, it wasn't as bad as Skater Cowboy Oh my god, Skater Cowboy is awful Skater Cowboy was there last night, I would have laughed We always think about Skater Cowboy when we think of Vacaville I wasn't even there Seriously, every time I go to Vacaville, I look for Skater Cowboy But I don't think we'll ever meet him again
He's just rolling in the wind.
With his cool custom made DDR Freak skateboard that sucked.
Jamie, do you know if DDR Freak has any officially licensed skateboarding products?
Hell no.
Just checking.
I think the only official DDR Freak product there is are like the shirts and then that's it.
I thought there were stickers, too.
Maybe stickers.
Maybe.
Well, this one was a hand-carved skateboard.
That was so awful.
When you're a freak, you're a freak.
What's a syringe?
You know, I... I just hadn't been to play in so long.
It's just like I kind of forgot...
What it was like.
But those energizers kind of sucked for me.
Like, I could never get my gun to energize right.
And I don't know if it was just that I would keep shaking my gun in front of it when you have to hold it.
But even when I held it, it wouldn't do anything.
It was stupid.
I didn't like that.
Yes, I am very impatient.
But it sucks we have to go all the way to Vacaville to play QZAR because Laser Force is unacceptable.
That's not a laser tag.
It still exists?
Believe it or not, we just drove by it the other day.
I'm like, why is that place still open?
It smells like pee.
You have to understand because they're the number one Laser Force play since Cusar left.
They were about to go under.
They're the only Laser Force.
Imagine, well, Laser X is a count, but imagine if we will.
Okay, Sunsplash is about on the same level as Laser Force.
We're talking like, you know, Laser Force was in the quicksand.
Goin' Under, No Chance of Survival Whatsoever No Chance to Survive, Make Your Time Yeah, then all of a sudden, you know, Q's are leaves, and Gas for Air, and it's like, barely alive
And it comes back with a vengeance.
The only thing I like about Laser Force is I love the two-story arena concept.
I love... Because you know I love to play sniper.
So I love to sit there on the top and pelt people at the bottom.
Yes, I'm a camper and I'm proud of it.
I wish we could go play QZAR in Ireland because their Irish rules rock.
Irish Rules... Can you club people with a gun?
Can you drink and then play Cusar?
Irish Rules, there's no neck strap, and there's running.
Their arenas are huge, and it's like running around in a huge... It's pretty much like playing paintball.
Because it's just that... It's just crazy, and it's the most tiring thing ever.
We played Irish Rules one time when I was there on Tuesday night at that Cusar in Vacaville, and that was very dangerous, and...
Whoa, what a liability.
How did you get away with doing Irish rules there?
Well, gee, because they don't have any waiver cards.
It doesn't matter anyways.
That QZAR's run so poorly, it's just... It's a joke.
If anyone got hurt at all, like stubbed a toe or whatever, you could just go and sue that place and it wouldn't matter.
Hey, kids!
Hey, kids, wanna make money?
Seriously, there's no waiver forms at all, so... I mean, you could...
I should do that so I can pay my college fees.
The show just kind of came to a screeching halt.
Sorry, I just saw that my Beat Mania Complete Mix 2 was done.
Oh, aren't you special.
You want to do the cage match now, Jamie?
Yeah, I want to do the cage match.
Alright, let me get over there and I'll set up a cage match.
Alright.
Here, Loki, talk.
So yeah, today, or actually not today, a few days ago, they finally released the hard drive image of Beat Me A Complete Mix 2.
And that was pretty cool.
Bad puppy.
Bad puppy.
So anyways, yeah, I just downloaded it, all 47 parts of it, and now it's going to unzip.
Very slowly.
It's going to take a while.
So, yeah.
Um, I put more posters up today.
I put the Excel Saga is Yummy, and I put the, uh, Anime Pinup Babes.
Yes.
But then the Anime Pinup Babes, I wanted to get the one, they have a few other, like, babes on that poster, I wanted to get a different poster with them on it.
To make this room complete, you need a Transformers poster, so I'm going to have to get you one.
Hell yeah.
Okay.
But, um... I still have some, actually.
Oh, okay.
We're talking about Transformers.
And, uh... Transformers.
I still have some, actually, back in the day.
Uh...
A big announcement, go to your local GameStop and reserve your Season 3 Transformers box set now so you can be cool like me.
Because I have mine reserved.
That's awesome.
Season 3 is the best season ever.
So awesome.
We all aspire to be as cool as Jamie, don't we?
Everybody in the world needs to be as cool as me.
You know what, I just met Jamie and Jamie is the coolest chick I've ever met, so hey.
Yeah, I'm cool.
I have a spirit.
I sent you a RAR file, 0preshow.rar.
Because I was cool and decided to upload it so I didn't have to waste any more CDs.
I endorse WinRAR, not WinZip.
I have it.
Here.
Hello, that music means it's time for a cage match.
I'm wrapping Loki up in court, it's fun.
Anyway, the way the cage match works, if you win the white, you can't vote for Holic, that's the first rule.
Second rule, if you want to vote in the cage match, you have to get in our chat room, www.tallybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat, this is the way it works.
Each of the three lovely hosts of this program, including myself, DarkSakura, and Loki, bring one song to the table.
And you guys vote on your favorite song, and that song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
However, if a song wins for a month straight, it gets taken out.
And guess what?
I'm a little scared.
And last week's song that won is now halfway there.
Last week's winner was Loki's song that he picked two weeks ago, but it's still winning.
And it's Every Little Thing from the Cybertrans album with Face the Change.
And this is the Above and Beyond and Dirt Devils remix.
So you only get a clip of it because it won last week, but this is song number one you can vote for tonight.
Every Little Thing with Face the Changes.
Here you go.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Okay, hi.
That was last week's winner.
Two weeks running now.
Every little thing on the Cybertrans album will face the change.
Next up, Jamie, you want to do yours next or you want me to do mine?
You want to do yours?
Alright.
Mine is one of the Overclocked remixes.
I don't remember who did it or what it's called, but it's from Ryden.
which is one of the best shooting games ever.
I can fill you in on the rest of it because I can read it right off the mp3 here.
It's Gallantry, Nobility of Spirit.
That's what it says.
And if you have never played Raiden, go play Raiden DX because it's the best of the series.
Thank you.
Alright, so here's Jamie's pick.
It's Ryza with Raiden Gallantry.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Okay, we're back.
That was Ryza with Raiden Gallantry.
That was DarkSakura's pick for the cage match this week, and now we get to tear it apart or praise it lots, whatever you want to do.
It was a really good remix, and the song that I initially picked had already been played.
because I didn't notice the track listing, I just went, oh, this is from Wipeout, and put it in.
I didn't even listen to it.
So, this one, this one, I liked it, it's a good remix, and it's a great game, you know, I've always been a big fan of the Raiden series, and figured a lot of people don't appreciate it that much, so I threw it in, so it gets an 8 for me.
Uh, Loki.
Um, it was okay, but it was,
I give it an 8 also because it wasn't a speed mix and it wasn't annoying.
I pretty much agree with Loki.
It was good, but it was kind of easy to tune out.
But it's good video game music, so I'll give it that.
And Raiden is an underrated shooter, so I'll give you that too.
But as a song itself, I can't see giving it much more than a 6.66.
I forgot to listen to it.
Somebody else take a mic here.
Look at this loser.
Look at this guy.
He's so stupid.
Stupid guy.
What the hell?
What are you doing?
Damn it.
What am I?
I feel like a mobster from Dick Tracy or something with his cord wrapping around me.
He ain't going nowhere until you spill.
Spill.
Oh.
No, I think... Oh.
Okay.
Switching!
Okay.
You dropped it!
Yeah, but you stepped on the cord when you threw it.
Hi, Cage Match, remember me?
Oh, yeah!
Um... Yeah, the song was... It was okay, but... I was kind of falling asleep to it, almost.
I mean, if I wanted to fall asleep to the music, that'd be good, but I...
I'd give it about a 7.
And I think that's it.
I'd like to take this moment to tell all of you people to learn how to pay attention.
I'd like to mention that the Race Space R6 MK3 is the most gay racing chair I've ever seen.
I can vouch for Loki, he does have ADHD.
Hi, I'd like to finish Cage Venture, thank you.
I haven't too, but I never took anything.
Alright.
That would explain it.
Take this.
My turn, my song's turn.
Actually, I didn't really have time this weekend to really pick a song I really wanted to do or anything.
So, usually there's like...
I get sent like five songs a week from our chat room going, you should use this song, you should use this song.
And, you know, I obviously don't have time to fit them all in, but I'm going to go ahead and do this one the angel sent me, because it's pretty good, I like it.
So, what the hell.
Here it is, this is Froggy with Coming to My Dream.
I actually like this song, so I'm okay with picking this.
So here we go.
This is my pick.
Thank you for watching!
I'm into my dream Let me show you where I've been It's you and me I've seen Let me tell you what I mean In the deep blue sky
Thank you for watching!
Hello, that was Froggy with Coming to My Dream.
Jamie?
Um, it wasn't bad, but it sounded very, I guess, cookie cutter, you know?
The little pauses where it did the little vroom vroom noise were kind of cool before it set up again.
But it's not anything that I could really latch onto and concentrate on.
So it gets about a 7, yeah.
7 points.
Alrighty.
Loki!
I've heard that song so many times, it's not even funny.
But it has froggy in it, so I was expecting swimming music, and that's what it was.
Music had me swimming.
Into boredom!
Now, I was kind of tuning that one out, too, because I've heard it so many times, but I was busy, you know, with renaming zip files and stuff.
You and that massive porn book!
Yeah, but this isn't about the porn collection.
This is about Beatmania.
Okay.
No, it was okay.
It was a pretty good song.
In fact, I think it's better than my song this week, which you should vote out, because I have a better one for next week.
Or not.
Just vote for Loki, since it's the best one.
Chicken Dance, yeah, for Chicken Dance.
Uh, rule number one, can't vote for Holic, sorry.
You can, however, vote for Pixie Dust's hot Kylie Minogue brand underpants, if you want.
I'm just kidding.
It's a joke!
I checked, that wasn't a music.
Chatroom joke, sorry.
Oh, yeah, Froggy, anyway.
Um, it's a cool song.
It's a little bit repetitive to me, but aren't most songs like that repetitive?
Um, so I give it a, uh, eight.
I give it an eight.
I give it an eight.
I give it an eight.
Ow!
No, I actually do like that song a lot.
I was about to throw the mic at you.
Did you actually listen to this one?
I give it a 6.5.
It was a little repetitive, but it was alright.
Puppy.
Snore.
4.
Bradley.
I thought it was pretty good.
I gave it 7.5.
Did you like comment on this one, Joey?
Yes, I think I will.
I was listening to that song, and I kind of liked it.
It was slow in the beginning, but it kept... I mean, I haven't heard many, many, many songs like it, but I thought I liked it.
So, I will have to say a seven.
All right.
Sounds good.
Okay, let's recap, kids.
Here you go.
Send those votes now to Sky.
I just have one more comment on that song.
Okay.
I memorized the lyrics.
I'm so proud of you.
Some days, I want to beat you over the head with that ferret repeatedly.
Here we go, let's recap.
You can vote for one of these three songs.
Song number one, two weeks running now, Every Little Thing, Cybertrans, Face the Change.
Wow, that's a horrible clip from that song to play.
Let me try a different... That was like an electronic fart.
Let me try a different part.
Good enough.
All right.
Tell my words, ghost mix.
Song number two you can vote for, Ryza with Ryden Gallantly.
Song number three you can vote for tonight, Froggy with Come Into My Dream.
Jamie, you remember the lyrics to this one?
Ew.
Never mind, here you go.
Come into my dream, bitches!
That's kind of a shitty clip, too.
Much better.
Right now I feel like Sandstorm.
Rave!
And in great bonsai tradition, place votes now!
Yeah, bitches.
Oh, yeah, Banzai got cancelled.
Did Banzai get cancelled?
It had to have.
It had to have.
You know what?
I don't care.
I'm sorry, puppy.
Nobody can hear you.
Hey, is Takeshi's Castle still on?
What was it?
Most Extreme Challenge?
Yes, Most Extreme Challenge is still on.
I think I can find, like, original episodes, though, of Takeshi's Castle.
I want to find those.
I want to find those.
Just from some of the clips they take out for the Hacked Up show, there must be some really incredibly stupid people in that show.
My favorite clip is the one time that one chick took a soccer ball into the face.
I like you.
No, I like Japanese variety shows.
I have a tape somewhere in my house.
By the way, this is the first time I had ever seen any Dragon Ball Z. It was taped off of TV in Japan.
I had Macross 7 on the tape.
That's giving you an indication of how old this tape is.
They had this show on a cloud.
I don't remember what it was called.
It was called Uri Nari Land or something.
But they had these interviews and stuff, and then they had dog soccer.
And then they showed a repeat of it.
And then they had sit replay.
The dog like squat down, poop.
And then they had a cow, trying to lead the cow.
I could totally make a Japanese TV.
They just need to let me have, like, no rules whatsoever.
Just let me do it.
Calvin Ball the show.
They need Calvin Ball the show.
Calvin Ball the show.
Calvin and Hobbes.
There is no rules.
But, no, they were trying to get a cowgirl, so then they had a baby dressed up as a soccer ball.
It was wearing this little black and white checked outfit with a little hat that looked like a soccer ball.
And this baby's like, the thing is, this baby was so cute.
Because the baby would just sit there, and then people would wave stuff, and the baby would just laugh at them.
And then go try to wander out of bounds.
And then they were wiggling things, and the baby was going, and started, you know, crawling across.
It was pretty funny.
I'll try to find my tape.
I've also got an interview with Jackie Chan on there, and then I made for a TV movie with him on it, so it was cool.
Jackie Chan rocks.
And I have the best Godzilla movie ever because of the man with the CD player in his head.
Godzilla vs. Mechagidra.
Because the man had a CD player in his head.
Wow.
It's like, he's this android guy, and he's the only one who speaks English in the whole movie, it's great.
Everything he says is in English.
Of course, the freak with the CD player in his head is the only one who speaks English.
Well, he's also not Japanese.
Did he also ask if you could pay for his credit card?
So he speaks English.
He wasn't Japanese, but I bet all the machinery in his head was.
I'm totally ignoring all this chaos.
I'm listening to Yanni.
He's, uh, he's like, oh, I'm like, you know, I saw something else on TV, by the way.
This is cool.
You actually watch TV?
I watch TV.
I was at Julie's house yesterday, and we were, we just happened to watch, um, what were we watching?
We watched the Teen Titans on Cartoon Network.
And it was pretty funny, because, but the intro song was done by Puffy.
Like Puff Daddy?
No.
Oh.
The J-pop group, the girl Puffy.
Oh, okay.
I think she got, like, sued by him for using the name.
Fuck him!
I know!
But, um, there was like some drama about it a while back, but the opening song was done by Puffy and it was all in Japanese and it was cute.
You got a Teen Titans looks gay from the chat room.
It was funny!
It was funny!
It was very happy and gay.
No, the guy, it's like, it's done in the style of Batman Beyond, but they do like cutesy manga things, like Beast Boy was doing sweat drops and everything, it was cute.
Don't everybody talk at once!
You guys want to hear who won the cage match?
No.
Okay.
Okay, then we'll go to a break, I guess, and then we'll tell you guys.
Who's the winner?
The winner tonight, and I thought we were going to have a tie, but we got one vote in at the last minute that broke the tie.
So, tonight's winner, it was a low voting night, you guys pissed me off, that's right.
Tonight's winner, surprisingly enough, is...
Jamie, you were that close.
Your song just had one vote shy, and Loki, you only got one vote.
So, people are sick of that song, finally.
They got tired of still my words, so it's a more ghost-type planet mix.
And an honorable mention to Holic.
Do you mean that Pixie Dust Underwear didn't get any votes?
Pixie Dust Underwear did not get any votes.
Oh my god, that's a sin.
I vote for you.
I didn't have any voting privileges, so I couldn't vote for the underwear.
I think we collectively, as a non-voting group, because we're all here and only people in the chatroom can vote, we'll all collectively vote for Pixie Dust Underdrawers.
All of us except you.
Oh, which one is it?
Let's go to break.
Sounds like a good idea.
Alright.
The fan is on.
This is great.
Now I feel like I'm in Hurricane Force winds.
We'll be back.
And after this break, I actually have some DDR music.
Not DDR music, DDR news.
Because we have home versions coming out very soon.
We've got to talk about this.
A lot of news on the home versions this week.
And a lot of making fun of them that we have to do when we come back.
Hooray for making fun of stuff.
It's what we do best.
Because that's what we do.
Jamie, what's the song you want to hear this break?
What song do I want to hear?
Yeah.
I want to hear all the songs that everybody hates.
I want to hear Cartoon Heroes, so we're putting that in.
Put Cartoon Heroes in.
Put Love That Feelin' in.
Oh, God.
I don't even know if I can find Love That Feelin'.
Is it?
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Go back.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I want Volume 4 in.
What?
Volume 4.
Okay, that's enough.
That's three.
Okay.
Alright, we'll be right back after this break.
Stay tuned.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you.
DarkSakura
I can't write down, can't write down a ship Round and round, move like a finger, come down Jack, Steve Burnett, get to the fever I'm kicking the floor, can't get right down the jerk In the box with my ticket to the floor, come down Jack, Steve Burnett, never forget, I'm a friend to the best Moving the juice
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Niko Meow, Niko Meow, Niko Meow, Meow, Meow Oh, Ash!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
We're back, and we're here.
And Rob's running around, on fire, because he's so hot.
And we're being attacked by a giant metallic man.
Ah!
Yeah.
You know what?
I'm thinking that because the chat room has demanded it, we should bring back one of our favorite segments.
Match Game!
But not immediately because someone has to write up the things for Match Game.
So, we need to do the FUs of the week.
That is a very important thing.
So, well, you know, why don't you conduct the interview so I can...
Interview?
Am I supposed to be interviewing?
Rob's going to... Let Rob do it.
Rob's going to come... Hurry up, Rob.
Let him count the money and you come over here.
Okay.
Take that mic.
Wait, what?
Do you need me to write Match Game or do you want to do it?
Okay, James is going to do Match Game.
Where's this cord going?
It's going under Loki's chair.
Stop moving your chair around.
It's rolling over the cable.
You know what?
I'm going to walk circles around Loki while I do this.
Okay.
Anyway, so Puppy had a summer job.
Yes.
And where was this summer job at?
At Castro Valley Golf Land, just like last summer.
Uh-huh.
And so I understand that last month you had a very interesting experience while you were working there at the night shift.
A little thing called Armed Takeover Robbery.
I know, see, you know what, and what I think is so great about this is that Puppy has such a great sense of humor about getting robbed at gunpoint.
I know, it's kind of funny.
So what happened, what happened?
It was like, it was Sunday night, we closed at 11, but there was this last group of people out on the golf courses that was taking fucking forever, because they were trying to like...
Jump on each other and beat each other up while they're golfing So they left about 11.30 And then we closed up the arcade The other employee that was there left So it was just me and the assistant manager there I went out to clean the bathrooms about 11.40 And then apparently some black truck came
came creeping into the parking lot.
Three guys jumped out all with guns.
They come running up.
I'm in the bathroom sitting there scrubbing the sink with a brush and all of a sudden I see two guys coming behind me.
I'm like, you shut the fuck up right now.
They're like, okay, whatever.
And they both have their guns.
They're just kind of nonchalant.
Were you high off the cleaning fumes?
Is that what it is?
No, it's not that kind of cleaning fumes.
It's not those kind of cleaning fluids.
I wish it was, though.
They basically were just like, yeah, we don't want to hurt nobody, where's the fucking money at, how do we get in, who else is in there, typical shit.
And it was funny because the whole time I was just like, not even, I was pretty much ignoring the fact that they had guns.
Because all three of them, they had, well, after the first two guys came in... Were they real guns?
They probably were real guns, but chances are they weren't even loaded.
Yeah.
And it was kind of funny because I was sitting there standing there while the two guys with the guns were asking me questions.
I saw the third guy come up around the corner of the building.
And he comes running around like he's a fucking 007 or something.
Like he was a QZAR.
Yeah.
He comes running around the corner looking around like he's trying to see if there's anybody around.
Like he's going to run in and tackle somebody.
So what happened?
They rounded you all up.
They got me and the assistant manager, they took me around the back, through the workroom in the back, into the manager's office where the assistant manager's in there counting money.
Actually, he just finished counting up all the money for the night.
And we were about to make, he had a bag of money that was sealed up to drop off at the bank.
so they had us both on the floor they duct taped our hands behind our backs and then dug through and made a fucking mess out of everything
and then they took the money and they took a bucket of change that the assistant manager usually keeps with them to take to buy options.
Well, draw plan tokens.
Actually, no.
Surprisingly, they didn't take tokens, which was kind of funny.
What would you do if you stole tokens?
That's so sad.
I know.
It'd be kind of funny to see them all take tokens.
Are you that hard up for DDR that you have to steal tokens at gunpoint?
Well, they were black.
I don't think they played DDR.
I know some... There were black teenagers with guns.
What the hell do you think?
Well, he didn't have a gun and he wasn't a teenager.
Anyway.
We don't know what you would do with it, lovey.
If I was a black teenager with a gun, I'd be playing DDR whenever I want.
It wouldn't be no fucking lie.
Not with a gun, anyway.
Okay, so they took his bucket of change, and he had sets of keys in there.
They threw out two of his three sets of keys, which one of the keys was actually the set of keys to all the doors and all the games and stuff inside the arcade.
They didn't take those.
They said, I accidentally took his car keys.
Now he can't get into his car, and he has to walk home.
This is like, by the time this whole ordeal was done with the cops getting there and everything, it was like almost 2 in the morning.
They had to go to Krispy Kreme and get them.
How much money did it take?
They made off with about $4,700.
I don't seem like that much.
That's all the golf I make?
Shit.
It's Castro Valley.
I'm just kidding.
It's Castro Valley, okay?
We're not fucking Milpitas or Roseville or whatever.
Oh my god.
Roseville?
Can you imagine how much money that place was making today?
But they have a security guard.
Not that we would advocate robbing.
Just saying.
Maybe vandalism.
Maybe.
No, we do not advocate any of those things.
We're a good, polite show.
But if you want to trip some little kids while you're there, feel free.
Just don't damage the property, because we don't advocate that, because we don't want to get sued.
Trip little kids all you want, though.
I hate little kids.
Then tell the kids to have their parents sue Golfland.
The funny part was, as they left, they called the cops.
Well, because they were nice robbers, and they wanted you guys to get untied at some point, but they weren't going to do it.
I mean, that would not be smart for the robbers to untie you, because they'd have to, like, untie you and run really, really fast.
But they'd have to, like, untie you and then punch you in the face so you could slow down a little bit.
But I don't think they wanted to do that.
I think they just wanted to have somebody else come do it.
Well, yeah, but you wouldn't have liked that if they'd untied you and then, like, punch you in the face, would you?
If they... I would have...
Well, if they were going to actually try, if they would have undone that, and there was just one of them in the room, I would have probably kicked the bloody crap out of him.
Because, I mean, I could defend myself against one person, but not three, and if once.
And then it would have been nice if also the gun that he had would have been loaded, that I could, you know, just use that.
Okay.
And then that's the whole dream sequence thing.
Enter dream sequence, and I kill the other two guys, and I'm the hero, and yeah.
Loki called him a loser I intentionally took the next day off
Did you call in emotionally scarred to work?
No, actually it was more like I needed to go out of the DMV because the fuckers took our driver's license.
They took out both of our wallets, go through them, and take out just the driver's license.
No cash, no credit cards, no anything else.
Just our driver's licenses.
I mean, because I would have done them a lot of good, you know, to have your driver's license because, you know, you look just like a black teenager and all.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know about that.
Anyway.
They could have sold it to an illegal immigrant, but any other... Well, I ended up spending like three hours at the DMV the next day to get my new driver's license.
And out of all that, I got a new picture on my driver's license.
I hate old boys.
and now my picture looks much better and more like me instead of me at 10 a.m.
Yay!
Okay, so anything else you want to add to your robbing a gunpoint story?
No?
Okay.
Loki, why don't you give us a sim update?
Sims!
The Sims!
Here's my update.
There is no update.
Nothing is going on.
Absolutely, positively nothing.
Except for the fact that you just downloaded a complete mix, too.
That's an emulator, not a simulator.
Oh, okay, technicality, my bad.
Yeah, and you know what pisses me off about this emulator?
Is that, um...
No, um, no, here's what the thing is, it's like, okay, I've got the hard drive image for the Japanese version of Complete Mix 2, yet I have the ROM for the US version of Complete Mix 2, and they don't work together.
Ooh, that's not good.
No, they do for, um, it's weird because they do for Complete Mix 1, but I don't know why it's not working for Complete Mix 1.
I thought Complete Mix 1 was Hitmania.
It's the same thing.
Hip-hop mania.
Well, yeah, but maybe hip-hop mania and... Hip-hop mania is the same thing.
It's just a different ROM, same hard drive image.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Um, okay, so we got a lot of ground we want to cover here.
I've got some DDR news I want to talk about.
We want to do match game.
We want to do the FUs of the week.
So what do you guys want to do first?
Jamie?
Do you have preference?
Jamie wants to do FUs next.
So let's, um...
We're going to go to a break and then come back and do the FUs.
Let's do... Okay, let's do the FUs now.
Chatroom can submit them while we're doing ours.
Oh wait, no, she's going to put the music up herself.
No, it's just going to take a second here.
So if you want to submit an FU of the week, Chatroom, just send those over a private message to me right now.
You can send those in while we're doing ours.
Usually I give you guys a break, but people don't start sending them in anyway until they hear us doing ours, so I don't think it does a lot of good anyway, so... So forget it!
So, Jamie, what happens during the FUs of the Week?
And so we bitch about stuff.
Well, here we go.
Here is my foot.
Um, my first FU of the week goes toward mixed auto sales in Roseville, and they're out of business now, the bitches.
I bought my car from them.
My car had a low idle, but he assured me, you know, it's fine.
We can fix it.
Now my engine is dead.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
I love my car, and now it's shit.
Fuck him a whole lot.
And I can't even begin to...
Say how mad I am over this.
Because who all has been in my car with me?
Who all knows how much I love my car?
Okay, I love my car.
And now it's shit.
So, I hope he eats shit.
And then poops it.
And then has it.
Well, he's obviously bankrupt.
No, I want him to eat shit, poop it, and then have it fed intravenously to him.
Yeah, 40 seconds.
Wow.
And then, and then, I want all of the shit blood drained from him.
and then given to him as a suppository.
I want him to have a bloodshot enema.
This is such a tasteful show this evening.
I'm so excited.
I am so pissed off.
No, no.
I don't even get started when I'm really pissed off.
When I am really, really, really pissed off, I think of the most foul and horrible things that will happen to people and then imagine them.
This is me at work Friday, thinking of all kinds of foul... I've had days to think of how I want this man to die.
I could come up with so many good tortures.
But the thing is, is that just killing him wouldn't be enough.
Because when you're dead, you can't talk to a dead person anymore.
Unless you, like, you can pull their soul from the bowels of hell.
But usually the bowels of hell are even worse than what, you know, what any single person alive could imagine.
Just have a defibrillator handy so that when he actually dies, like, you wait five minutes, then bring him back to life and kill him again.
And you can't do that much damage to somebody, though.
And you'd have to, like, freeze them to death and then warm them up and, you know, thaw them out like a TV dinner.
Ooh, microwave.
But, you know, you could, like, stick his hand in a microwave and then trigger it to where his hand would explode.
You'd live through that.
You'd have a little bit of radiation poisoning, but you'd live.
Um, you know, I'm mad.
I'm mad.
Um, I'm very mad.
I'm mad that my antibiotics have done nothing but make me sick all week.
But I took the last one today.
So I'm officially healthy.
But I still have to take all the other crap and my nose is still running, so I didn't do crap for that.
And then, and then, yes, I love my car.
I said I love my car.
Deal with it.
I love my car.
And then, fuck Nissan.
Because I asked them if they would order me a Skyline and they said no.
I want one.
They said no.
The dealerships will not actually import the cars.
You have to go buy them yourself and ship it yourself.
Which is fine because I know a place I can get one for $60,000.
But that's $60,000 more.
I'd go to my bank, hey, give me $60,000.
I need to order me a car.
They'd be like, uh, no.
Sure, you can have it, but here's a, you know, 20% interest rate, you know, while we steal your firstborn, your liver, and your kidneys and sell them in New Orleans on the market.
Um, well, they, yeah, it'd be great.
You know, I'll say, you can have my firstborn, and then I just won't breathe.
So I'm cool, I speak our hate.
Um, and then, um,
You know, fuck my computer.
It does this weird thing, and I don't know why, where it will not save my image files as a JPEG or a GIF as they're uploaded on their sites as.
It'll save it as a bitmap.
Untitled bitmap.
So I have to title everything.
I have tons of bitmaps on my computer now, so it's taking up more space than it needs to, but then again, I have that under 20 gig hard drive, so I'm fine.
And then... And then...
You know, there's just really not a lot else.
I can't really think of anything else.
It's really my car, my car makes me cry.
And oh yeah, a big, big F you to Phantasy Star Online for freezing when I was going into the ruins.
And then we were just like, okay, we'd gone to TGI Fridays and left our games on idle.
And I had the cord holding down my analog button on the menu so that it would keep scrolling through the menu and wouldn't log me off.
I'm smart, see?
Xbox
I have the GameCube one, too.
No.
You can't do GameCube to Xbox.
It does waste the money.
If I remember right, they have different classes.
GameCube has a class, a separate class of its own.
Xbox has a separate class of its own, doesn't it?
No, they have the same ones.
Oh.
Well, then that sucks.
The Xbox one has more outfits.
Oh.
But at any rate, I...
I came back and Julie got logged off.
I stayed on so our room was intact and then so she logs on and everything and then as we're going down to the planet my game freezes and I can't catch all my equipped items including my devil wing mags and all my Alrapies and my god battle and my cross guards and everything but I lost my flight fan.
And I lost, like, all of my crap items.
So the thing is, is that I have max money, so it was kind of cool.
But it was just aggravating having to go get all that stuff.
So... And I went up, like, five levels that night.
It was great.
Six levels.
Went up six levels.
And then we did Endless Nightmare, and that was cool.
Um... But another F you goes to Diet Pepsi for tasting like shit.
But the vanilla Pepsi's not bad.
The Diet Vanilla Pepsi's not bad.
But regular Pepsi... And also...
I drank a nine-month-old mudslide, so fuck my stomach for not being able to process it.
I've got to give an FU to Pepsi for making a vanilla Pepsi that tastes so damn good, because I hate Pepsi.
Vanilla Pepsi is the best.
What did I say when vanilla Coke came out?
I said, can't wait for vanilla Pepsi.
Here it is.
Vanilla Coke has that same Coke-y aftertaste.
And another FU goes toward my lifestyle adjustment.
because on the outside it looks successful, but not when I stepped on the scale, so.
I'm using my gym membership now.
And fuck everybody who won't go to the gym with me.
I hate you.
Okay, I don't hate you.
I was kidding.
I know.
But I hate the guy who sold me my car.
I know why I'm dead.
I'm aware.
No, I don't want him dead.
I want him dead.
I need a basement.
Oh my God, I need a basement.
If I had a basement, I could so set up the perfect torture chamber there.
I could see Jamie there right now.
It puts the lotion on its skin and puts it in the basket.
And, oh yeah, fuck CD Japan for making the pre-order for Battle Royale 2 80 bucks.
What?
You should see how much it is on YesAsia.com.
Fuck that shit.
Piracy!
I'm just going to see if Anime Jungle Osaka can order it for me.
Because I'll at least get it for $60 there.
Because Jamie actually collects the real thing.
I buy the real thing so I can watch it on my big TV with my DVD player over and over and over again.
And then I can copy the DVDs for my friends and get a nice transfer.
What an angel.
Okay, next.
Loki, your turn.
Mario Golf?
Mario Golf is cool!
Shut up, loser.
Anyways, first I'm going to start off with a big FP2 speedy oil change because you suck.
And the fact that you made me wait four hours to get my, you know, tune-up the first time.
Then I come to find out you ripped me off on the tune-up.
Then you break my car.
I think you wanted us to put a lawnmower engine in there.
Why do I hear Ultimate Cheeseburger?
Don't you listen to this show occasionally?
Not when I have to work Sunday nights.
Yeah, but there's always Rewind on Thursday evening.
Which I am also usually working on or sleeping.
Oh, sleeping.
I'm sorry.
That's no excuse.
That's unacceptable.
F you to stupid people who can't drive.
And normally those people that turn out in front of me and then go slow.
Oh, and another thing.
If you're driving a racer, you should not be going slower than I am.
Okay?
You're in a souped up car, supposedly.
Remember, the typical rice car, rice mobile now has like, you know, a stupid four banger in it and a hole in the muffler to sound hot.
And then just like this.
Yeah, but they had already just did all the like body modifications to it.
Hasn't quite painted it yet, but they've done all the body modifications for it.
And they were going really slow in the slow lane.
And I was trying to pass them because I was trying to, you know, go home.
Have you ever tried doing that to somebody?
It's a blast.
Yeah.
I hate that.
But anyways, F you to Radio Shack for having the parts I need but overcharging on everything.
It's like I'm buying stuff with Canadian dollars or something like that.
It costs like 4,000 times the amount.
What?
Stretch arms, Sean.
I bought S-Video cables to hook up the TV today.
First off, they don't sell anything larger than 12 feet for S-Video.
Sure, they have 100 foot regular AV cables, but no, we don't have S-Video cables that are longer than 12 feet.
So I had to buy two S-Video cables and a connector for the two of them.
That cost $45.
Holy crap!
Because it was $20 for each table and then the little piece of crap that I kid you not is about an inch.
Inch big.
Couldn't cost that much to make.
Cost $6.
I hate them.
So... Well, yeah, but it's far away in Atlanta.
Yeah.
That's what you get for living in Fulton.
I'm going to have a meme cabinet soon, so if that doesn't bother me.
My turn.
F you to people that aren't willing to drive 10 miles over the speed limit on windy roads because that's what they're built for, is going fast.
Word.
And F you as well to the fact that it's easy to climb up a rock.
You handed the mic to me, buddy.
F you to the fact that it's easy to climb up... I'll go back to you and wind them then.
F you to the fact that it's easy to climb up a rock, but it's not easy to get down.
Jumping is not an option.
Well, you know, wasting all that time and energy humping the rock, you know.
I did not hump a rock.
F you to that lady who made us stand guard while she took a pee behind the rock.
You should have taken a picture.
I almost did.
I had to go have a picture of her somewhere.
And then when you see what this woman looks like, you'll understand why I did not want to get a picture of her peeing.
She's like, she's peeing behind the rock.
Oh my God, look at that pee.
See, there was the evil side of me that wanted to go stand next to the rock and go, Oh my God, woman peeing.
And watch all the little kids run over.
Watch all the little kids run over.
I'm an F you also to the Vacaville Arcade that stars because that DDR machine got misses when I should not be getting misses and I could have had the number one score on that machine easy and your machine sucks my butt and what the hell, you have all your pink arrows on one side and all the blues on the other side.
And on the wrong side too.
That's gay.
That's really gay.
I'm done.
Back to Loki because I'm rude.
F.E.
to Scandia for putting a shooting gallery inside your arcade.
What were you thinking?
Why is there a shooting gallery in an arcade?
With like a freaking, you're playing 2DX or DDR, and I might add the DDR is broken.
All of them.
Yeah, but all the arrows suck on DDR now, so I can't play doubles or anything.
But, like, the shooting gallery, so you're playing 2DX, and it's all... What's that noise?
Oh, that was someone shooting... That's the shooting range.
Like, I'm playing Sync, right?
I have a 200-something combo going, and then all of a sudden... And, bam, combo broken.
I wish the timing was just that good.
F you to the people at Paramount that thought it was a good idea to do yet another movie about Tupac.
Yes, they're making another Tupac movie.
Tupac Resurrection.
I'm sorry.
That's cool.
That's cool.
Dude, Tupac has more sequels than Batman.
We're all going to go opening day.
Tupac Resurrection opening day.
Seriously.
It's going to be fulsome.
Come on.
Anyway.
So, yeah, that sucks, and, um, I'm trying to think what, oh, yeah, um, F you to, um, pretty much, oh, F you to the fat bitch, oh, the stupid kid that was actually asking, begging for money while playing DDR and then kept getting louder and louder because I was ignoring him.
What?
Do you have any tokens I can have?
No.
Do you have any tokens I can have?
No.
Why is this wrapped around my chair?
Again.
Stop it.
I'm not moving anywhere.
But anyways... Oh, F you to the fact that 27 inch TVs can't fit in my car very easily.
That wasn't fun in the hot sun trying to cram a TV into the side of my car.
Yes, it was funny though.
What the hell?
What?
I haven't moved at all.
Okay, I've been sitting there, people have been like, okay, let's wrap it around me.
Okay, so... I am Satan, Satan, you will die.
Okay, your chair has been liberated from the microphone cord.
F you to John Ritter dying.
Doesn't he know that he has entertainment he has to do?
Why does he have to go have heart problems now?
It's because he wasn't eating enough bacon.
He has to condition his heart for bad food.
I blame him.
Actually, I blame Suzanne Somers.
It was all her fault.
Suzanne Somers is the death of him.
John Ritter sucked anyway.
I grew up with Reach Company, hello.
But it was Suzanne Somers.
When I read that he died, the only thing that I could think of was this movie that I saw.
If you have to be stuck on an island fighting off Indians with either Suzanne Somers or John Ritter, you will want John Ritter on your side.
Suzanne Somers would be scarier.
Am I right?
Yeah, but that's the whole point.
All you need to do is start crying and talking about the starving children in China.
Oh, and another thing, the FU segment left like 10 minutes ago.
I got one more.
FU to J-Lo and Ben Affleck, because guess what?
Your marriage lasted as long as Gigli did in the box office.
Bam!
You suck.
They broke up.
Because he had second thoughts.
He's like, dude, I don't know if I can marry her.
He's such a pansy.
Her ass comes alive at night.
I can't handle it.
I'm looking at a bunch of straight men talking about the wedding of Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez.
I can't believe they're not going to get married.
Gay.
Thank you for picking that.
This is the other ironic thing is that I could give less than a shit about them.
I don't fucking care.
I don't care what the bitch is wearing.
I don't care where they're getting married.
I don't care if they broke up.
I don't care if they mate.
I don't care.
Let's watch some guns.
It's a good thing because they're not going to breed now.
And you know what's funny is NASA's crashing a 1.5 billion dollar satellite or whatever, a probe, into their house?
No, into Jupiter because they're afraid that bacteria might infect the moon around Jupiter.
Wow!
Yes, taxpayers' dollars going down the drain because PETA or some, I'm sure it's PETA because PETA's behind all the bad shit, um, you know, they're probably like going, Well, it's that condamnator who lives his life on the moon even though we have value and he lives his life there and the bacteria wipes it out so he won't feel guilty.
Then the satellite crashing into the moon will kill everything on that moon.
I hope there's an evolving civilization on Jupiter and it crushes them all!
It would be in Jupiter because Jupiter's a big gaseous mass.
Much like Suzanne Somers.
Okay.
Again.
Bam.
You're so punny.
Oh, is it my turn?
I've got a couple of FUs, a couple of political FUs actually FU to what's-her-name, that one chick who's not getting any votes For not getting any votes, I wish she would The one who's got like 5% and who needs more
Yes, Ariana Huffington.
I forgot her name.
She needs more votes.
Ariana Huffington is the greatest candidate in the election, and you should vote for her because I am.
I don't care if she's only getting a little bit of the vote, but she's great, and she supports everything I believe in, and you suck.
I'm saying she needs more votes, man.
She needs more votes for not getting enough votes.
And also... Because she's not selling her body like the other candidates.
Well, she's not getting any votes either.
She's just getting a bunch of phone calls.
Anyway, also a F you to Tom McClintock for being an ass.
And on a side note, I'd like to say F you to Nomo Ono and Silent Prophet for twisting my fragile little mind.
And all I have left to say is mazel tov.
My turn, Durand.
Um... Okay, uh... How come there's no music?
I can't hear it.
Well, then you should turn up your hearing aid.
What, Sonny?
Okay, um... Okay.
For one... Fuck traffic.
Because I hate traffic, and it's a pain in the ass, especially on every freeway.
And all the people who were on the road today.
Yes That dumb bitch that wouldn't get out of my fucking lane That woman, oh my god That woman was stupid And did you see the big jet in the back of her van?
Yeah, it was probably from somebody that she cut off like that She deserved it, bitch She looked like, like Sloth from the Goonies I didn't get to see her, but I got to see you flip her off Then, uh
Fuck Disneyland for ruining Big Thunder Mountain Railroad by having somebody die on it.
Because I love that ride, and now it's a death trap.
I love that ride.
I'm waiting for a bunch of people to die on, you know, Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
They're gonna get thrown out of a car and land on the ground and get run over by a car on a track.
One of the animatronics runs over them.
I bet he has someone to fall off of the balcony in the ghost house in the Haunted Mansion.
That'd be great.
Then that supposed rising elevator will actually collapse.
And then, uh, fuck skin allergies, because they suck.
And fuck every kind of medicine that I've been prescribed to fix it and has it worked, or made it worse, or made it worse.
because it sucks, and uh, figures that I, fuck not being able to figure out everything that I wanted to rant about when I actually get here, because I, this morning, you got it all out in the car, I might have, yes, but uh, but I always think of stuff like on the way, like before I come, even leave to come here, and now I'm like, okay, you can have the microphone when I'm done, Loki, okay, do you have a microphone now, I'm not done yet,
Okay, uh, let's see.
Fuck the DDR machine at Tapioca Express in Davis because it's shit now.
I mean, it was kinda... It was crap before, but it's shit now.
And, uh...
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I said, uh, fuck Fousey's health drinks, because those gave me really bad diarrhea the past few days.
They taste good, but it doesn't come out the other end very well.
Thank you for that information that we didn't need to know.
No, you need to know that, because it can save you from a diarrhea trip.
Who drinks anything like that, really?
But it's fruity and it's colorful and it's healthy.
Please pass the microphone.
No!
I don't feel like passing the microphone yet.
Alright, I got one more real quick.
Quiet time, quiet time.
F you to the neighbor upstairs because she's a racist.
Yeah, I was watching my allergies and I saw the Mexicans and they were looking at your tools!
There goes analogy!
Oh, I better stay away from that one!
So, she's an evil racist.
I told you she's crazy!
I knew it!
I knew it all along!
She's an evil racist.
What's that with that sign over there, that corner that says Negro Bar?
Mexican stole my stereo.
That's really the name of the bar.
I hate to break it to you, but it really is called that.
It's because it's Spanish for Black Bar.
No way!
Anyway, Bradley...
Bradley's turn.
Alright, fuck you to running out of money because I'm almost out now.
And fuck you to the crappy economy and me for taking so long to get to the crappy economy to find maybe a crappy job I have to go just to stay out here.
Well, then talk to them about it later.
It's something good.
It doesn't require too much talking to people because I'll suck at that.
Yeah, that's good.
See, that's why I couldn't get Bradley a job at Health Net, because I... Oh, shit, I just gave away where I work.
He lives at Death Net.
He's at Death Net.
You know, because most of the people there take calls, so... I don't ever hear you talk.
Yeah.
Okay, uh, let's see, fuck you for having my hair being too long, it's getting annoying, time to cut it, but, low money, I can't really go to a barber, I've been, I've cut my hair like twice, I've cut my hair like the last two times, I wonder if anyone noticed, because it probably looked crappy, but, well, it's grown out now, so...
And fuck you to perfume inserts and cologne inserts, I hate smelling that shit all the time.
It comes in the mail, it smells up the mailbox, it smells up everything.
It fills up your mail.
Yeah.
Fuck you to people who wear too much cologne and perfume.
You stunk before you put it on, and then you stunk after.
Even worse.
Yeah.
And... I don't know.
and the general fuck-use to every other crappy thing in the world.
Jobs for everyone.
Jobs for the people.
Bring them down.
Puppy's asking where Brad and Irene are tonight.
Actually, tomorrow is Brad's birthday, and they're celebrating tonight.
Because they're actually coming over for Vanilla Sky tomorrow, believe it or not.
They went to San Francisco today.
Happy birthday, Brad!
I miss a lot of cold winter nights, a lot of birthdays in September, I notice.
Yep.
Did anyone notice that I had one?
When was your birthday?
I won't tell.
Hi.
There's an entry in my live journal that will tell you which day it was.
Because it's a clue.
There's an entry there.
Well, happy birthday whenever it is.
It was early in the month, very early.
It's when I went to the DMV, so you can figure it out from there.
I gotcha.
I had to renew my license that day.
and that was fun waiting for three hours.
At least they didn't charge me for not updating my dress for two years.
Because I feel like I'd get caught without updating your dress, like a $100 fine.
No fine, that's good.
Okay, is that everybody in the room that wanted to go?
I don't think Joey wanted to go, so anybody else?
Okay.
Let's do the chat room if he doesn't.
That is all.
All right.
Let's start with the FUs.
23rd Magus says, FU to the local Papa Murphys for not giving me an interview appointment this weekend.
They said they would.
Show me the motherfucking money.
FU to Angel's work schedule.
This is ridiculous.
FU to slow leveling in Ragnarok Online.
There's got to be a faster way to level up my acolyte, dammit.
Early free... Oh, never mind.
That was a Prime Minister review.
Jamie says she will take you to level up.
DarkTetsuya says, F you to the stupid hick driving the pickup truck full of crap on the way to my girlfriend's.
He must have been doing 20 miles an hour.
Pixie Dust says, F you to work, cutting my hours down to 26, F you to this ugly, bitchy girl that I want to smack so bad, fuck you to gaining weight, hello, I'm already big enough, fuck, fuck, fuck, being so frustrated with money, poop, shit, bloody tampon, oh yeah, fuck, F you to credit, credit is fucking frustrating, damn fucking bills, oh, and F you to rollerblading, being a good workout, it makes me hyperventilate and feel like I'm gonna die, F you to exes,
F you to X's, they ruin your life and make you suffer with their memories F you to many things that have bugged me this week and the people I have told who bug me, okay I'm done, yay Kylie Oh yeah, and F you to girls hitting on the guy I like, especially the bible thumping throwback youngins Damn, now I'm done Whew, angsty girl, isn't she?
John Fields says, F you to my rear brake pads dying after only 12,000 miles F you to not having a car this week at school F you to the hurricane that's headed my way, huh?
F you to computers that don't work right from the minute you load the operating system F you to Radio Shack 2 for not having SVGA cables longer than 12 feet I want to use my HDTV 43 inch for my 15 foot away couch as my computer monitor Dolemek says F you to not having two days off in a row F you to not winning megabucks which I'm guessing is a lottery in his state
VidPowa says, F you to nothing in particular and everything in general.
Too vague!
Your buddy and mine, Nostylan says, um, my F you for not having a job and my car being dead.
Sucks.
Alright, that's it.
That's all for the F yous of the week.
Finally!
We're going to do a quick break.
We're going to set up for a match game.
Then we're going to come back and do the match game.
In the meantime, I'm going to ask a question.
And the first two people to message me the answer to this question will get to play a match game.
It's a memory retention question.
How well have you been listening to this show?
Here we go.
Not last week.
I'm going to ask a question this week.
The question is... It's an easy question.
If you guys don't get it, you're retarded.
Okay, here we go.
What golf land does puppy work at over the summer?
That's the question.
First two people to private message me the answer get to play match game.
All right.
And I realize all you are at differing buffers and it's probably not fair for me to ask a question over the radio, but you know what, kids?
Life's not fair.
So deal with it.
In the meantime, a break with a Keyboard Mania song I want to hear.
We'll be back.
with Match Game.
That's right, Joe Strick, Joyce Ward Before there were words, communication was done through teeth Body language is controlled by rhythm Music is a universal link Feel this, feel these Think of this world without sound Can't even feel a heart pound Wasting time, wasting life, wasting self Should've been your health
I can't hear you, what, what, I can't feel you, what, come on, grow it up, get busy, get busy, that's right, here we go y'all, make music, give me your time and I'll spend it, tell me your name and I'll say it, what is the hell, I'll blow it, last time when I left you, what
Thanks for watching!
Thank you.
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to play the match game now.
Let me explain how match game works.
Basically, we're going to ask a question, and then there's a blank somewhere in that question.
We're not really asking a question.
We're saying a sentence.
We're telling a story, and there's a blank in there somewhere.
You need to fill it in.
The contestants will have to fill it in, and for every celebrity they match, they get a point.
So, a lot of you meanies in the chatroom, a lot of people got the answer to the trivia question correct.
Puppy worked at Castro Valley Golf Land over the summer.
And man, when I told you you were too late, you just said, You're an asshole!
No sex for you!
You suck!
I hate you and I hate your show!
Get over it!
Hey, I have something to dedicate to all these people, right?
Yes.
DJ Tyrant, Gas, A SoCal Man
Contestant number two, and this should be interesting.
This is going to be very interesting.
No styling.
This is contestant number two.
So, contestants, you're going to send your answers.
When I ask a question, you send your answers to me over private message in the chat room.
So, this should be interesting.
And Pixie Dust, 23rd Magus, Starktitsu, yeah, they all got it right.
Just a little late.
Sorry, kids.
All right.
Tyrant, this will be easy.
This will be easy for you, I'm telling you.
I'm so rude.
I'm so rude.
Yeah, maybe we ought to give Nostelon a handicap.
I don't know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All right, no, we're not going to do that.
Here we go.
And Marin was close.
She said, not Roseville.
But she was still the third person anyway.
She would have had it right if she said CBGL.
Well, you know what?
But she gets to listen and know that she inspired this wonderful segment tonight.
Maybe we should have an honorable third party.
Maybe we're running out of time.
Here we go.
As much as I love Marin.
Alright, here we go.
Question number one.
One day, Betty the Bomani Addict... Joey, those are the music games.
Everybody, by the way, is playing tonight.
Everybody is a celebrity here tonight.
Betty the Bomani Addict decided she was tired of playing Beatmania.
Instead, she decided to try the new Bomani game.
Blank!
Jamie wrote all of tonight's questions, by the way, so if you don't like a question, blame her.
Betty, the Bomani addict, decided she was tired of playing Beatmania.
Instead, she decided to try the new Bomani game, Blank.
The contestants are thinking.
I have one contestant locked in with their answer.
And I think that's both contestants.
Let me just verify they did submit answers and not questions like, huh?
Yeah, there's one.
I got a huh.
Give me a sec.
I need another pen.
Okay.
Okay, I have both answers.
Are all the celebrities ready?
Okay, here we go.
Alright, let's see what you guys put.
You want to do the contestants first?
Let's do the contestants first.
This is the way the show did it.
What?
What do you mean, just in case?
I don't care.
I don't care.
Tyron says... Instead, she decided to try the new Bomani game, Marshall Beat.
That's not a new Bomani game, but that's what he said, so there it is.
Maybe it's new at the arcade, I don't know.
Nostylan says, Nostylan says, Betty decided to try the new Bomani game, DDR beat their meat.
Okay, let's see.
Loki, your answer was, he decided to try the new Bomani game.
Marshall Beat Off.
Oh, so close.
Do you think that's a... Can I give them both a point?
You know what?
Because Tyrant put Marshall Beat in all caps.
Beat is in caps, so the emphasis was on the beat.
Okay.
Do you want to give them both a point?
Give them both a point.
Okay, so they both get a point for that because they're both kind of close.
Okay.
A point for Tyrant and a point for No Sound.
This is amazing.
Most number of points scored in the game ever.
We had a two-point game once.
My answer was they decided to play Sarsvania.
Not a match, sorry.
Now Joey, this should be fun because Joey got to see DDR, well Joey actually got introduced to the whole DDR obsession of ours this weekend, so he's still kind of catching up on all the inside jokes, so this should be great.
Yeah, well the answer that I picked was Beat Me Down.
Beat Me Down Puppy Spoon Freaks
I said, forehead smacking mania.
Forehead smacking mania.
Fun, but no.
Punk Knight.
I'd kick a baby mania.
Kick a baby mania.
Wonderful.
However, not a match.
So, after the first round, it's all tied up one to one.
Five questions to go.
You guys ready?
Here's question number two.
Sally the Shopaholic was so excited...
The Outlet Mall had a new store that sold nothing but blank.
Sally the Shopaholic was so excited.
The Outlet Mall had a new store that sold nothing but blank.
I'm just waiting on the chat room, or waiting on our contestants to answer this question.
Sally the Shopaholic was so excited!
The Outlet Mall had a new store that sold nothing but blank.
I have one contestant.
I'm just waiting on the other one.
Okay.
Okay, I got both the answers.
All right, here we go.
Let's read the... All the celebrities are done, right?
Yes, okay.
Here we go.
Sally the Shopaholic was so excited.
The Outlet Mall had a new store that sold nothing but... No styling said...
Flick-a-nick Dickie.
Flick-a-nick Dickie.
Tyrant says, had a new store that sold nothing but F-Zero GX.
Okay.
This wasn't Rob, it was Sally, but close, okay.
We'll see though, we'll see, you never know.
Flick-a-nick Dickie, I don't know, I was thinking about that one.
Somehow I don't think it's going to match.
I don't know if it's going to match, but I said Cuban immigrants.
A store that sold nothing but Cuban immigrants.
No, not a match, unfortunately.
I put Sally the Shopaholic was so excited there was a store that sold nothing but babies.
Babies, not a match, sorry.
Joey.
Panties?
Panties?
Panties, although I think flick-a-nick-dicky might be a term for panties, I'm not sure and I can't look it up, so you lose.
No points.
No points.
All right, going on.
Puppy.
Oh, I'm sorry, Jamie.
Propel.
Propel, there you go.
You know, I usually expect people to pick Propel when I'm playing.
Yeah, well.
And no stupid.
We have new contestants tonight.
Give them a break.
Puppy.
I say Defective Condoms.
Defective Condoms.
Oh, nice.
I don't know how a store would stay open so I'm not, but okay.
My answer is Detached Eyeballs.
My answer was Down Syndrome Porn.
Wow, I'm so glad we let him go last.
Miyako was so depressed.
She had been drugged and pulled into an island with her classmates to do Battle Royale.
And the weapon she was given was a blank.
Alright, she'd been drugged and pulled to the island with her classmates to do Battle Royale and the weapon she was given was a blank.
We're just waiting for the contestants to answer and waiting for all the celebrities to lock in their vote.
Miyako was so depressed, she got drugged, pulled to the island with her classmates to Battle Royale, and the weapon she was given was a blank.
Alright, let's see, well we have music going.
Vidpala says a cassette tape of old Orange Lounge episodes.
That's lovely, thank you.
It's kind of close to what I put, though.
Okay, here we go.
All right, we have the contestants logged in.
Starting off with Tyrant.
Miyako was so depressed she got drugged and pulled to the island with her classmates to do Battle Royale.
The weapon she was given was, Tyrant says, a trout.
Like IRC, get it?
A trout.
Ha, ha, ha.
Okay, that was a cute answer.
I like that.
All right.
Nostyla says the weapon she was given was a magic kicky dicky in the Nikki.
Oh, Nikki, please, not so quicky.
Okay.
Wow.
Loki, your answer, please.
Three words.
Iraqi suicide babies.
Awesome.
Anybody that used to listen to this show would get that joke.
I said the weapon she was given was a bad joke book authored by 23rd Magus.
Not a match.
Sorry.
No, she'd win.
She'd win.
I just, I'm going to get killed.
Joey.
A multi-purpose magic banana.
A multi-purpose magic banana.
She probably would be too preoccupied with that and get caught in a danger zone and her collar would explode.
Mine was a Yoko Ono CD and a CD player.
Oh, very nice.
There's a lot of this theme of, like, hearing things.
Well, if you think about it, though, with the collar, it'd be worth explosive orgasm.
I said... A 50-foot dildo.
I actually said a spike dildo.
Oh, a spike dildo.
Not a match.
Gladly.
But nail clippers.
Nail clippers!
So she can keep good hygiene, but not a match.
A monkey launcher.
What?
A monkey launcher.
A monkey launcher, lovely.
Alright.
Okay, so not a match for either contestant, sorry.
I'm tired.
No, in the book, they have different weapons than in the movie, and someone got a sticky dart gun.
No, got a dart board and darts as their weapon.
Alright.
Moving on, here we go.
Still one apiece.
Francine, the fanfic writer, was getting impatient for the next Harry Potter book.
So she decided to write it herself.
But she couldn't think of a good name.
Finally, she decided to name it Harry Potter and the Blank.
Francine, the fanfic writer, was getting impatient for the next Harry Potter book, so she decided to write it herself.
But she couldn't think of a good name.
Finally, she decided to call it and name it Harry Potter and the Blank.
Tell Buck I know.
She decided to name it Harry Potter and the blank.
I'm just waiting for both contestants to lock in with an answer here.
Finally, she decided to name it Harry Potter in the blank.
I need an answer too.
All right.
Okay, here we go.
Ready?
Are we all ready?
Yes.
Ding, ding.
Everybody's dinged.
All right.
Nostylan says... She decided to call it Harry Potter Gone Wild with a Bomb in a Can of Some Sort.
Okay.
DJ Tyrant says, Harry Potter and a Breast Implant.
Loki...
See if we get a match.
Damn, I have like two.
Well, since they're both not matching anyways.
Harry Potter and the Horny Catholic Priest or Harry Potter and the Sex Change.
But I like Horny Catholic Priest better.
The sex change would be kind of close.
That would be like a half point.
Bohorny Catholic Priest was your first pick.
I was kind of stretched for an answer, so I used a good classic inside joke.
I said Harry Potter and the Stars Infested Monkeys.
Joey?
Harry Potter and the Search for Sexual Release.
Nice.
Jamie?
I said, and people who actually are fans of the book would get it, and it also fits in with the show, Harry Potter and the Magical Bouncing Ferret.
Harry Potter and the Swedish Furniture Harry Potter and the Swedish Furniture, good answer, but not a match Harry Potter and the Puss Filled Acne of Doom Appropriate, but not a match Punk Night Harry Potter and the Pile of Dead Babies
Not a match, I'm so sorry.
Alright, here we go, two more questions to go.
Will they break the tie of one to one?
Probably not, but let's keep playing anyway.
Here we go.
Perry the Painter was working on his new masterpiece and ran out of a few of his paints.
He was almost done, so to replace the missing paints he used blank.
Perry the Painter was working on his new masterpiece and he ran out of a few of his paints.
He was almost done, so to replace the missing paints he used blank.
The contestants are thinking about their answers.
The celebrities are thinking about their answers.
Here's the question one more time.
Perry the Painter was working on his new masterpiece and ran out of a few of his paints.
He was almost done, so to replace the missing paints, he used blank.
I'm waiting on both contestants.
Oh, looks like we might have one.
Oh, that's lovely.
Oh, we have one.
And I'm waiting on one more.
Yeah, I think we have it.
Let me check.
Beautiful.
Alright, here we go.
Whose answer do you guys want to hear first?
Tyrants or no stylings?
Tyrant!
Tyrant!
Tyrant said Perry the Painter was working on his new masterpiece and ran out of a few of his paints.
He was almost done, so to replace the missing paints he used...
Puss from Zitz.
NoStylin says, to replace the paints he used the jizz and then afterwards decided to fap to some Orange Lounge Radio.
Aww.
Aww, how lovely.
Way to show your love.
Alright, uh, Loki.
Um, he used Club Baby Seals.
Nice, but not a match.
I said he ran out of paint, so he decided to use skin.
Not a match.
I'm just being morbid.
You know, I was going to use jizz myself, but then I decided to just use blood.
So simple.
Not a match.
Jamie.
Phlegm.
Phlegm.
Also a simple answer, but not a match.
Puppy.
The Brains of Golfland Children.
The Brains of Golfland Children.
Beautiful answer.
Not a match.
Bradley.
I used the dog rotting on his doorstep.
The dog rotting on his doorstep.
Lovely.
Not a match.
Punk Night, dare I ask.
Oblimic person's vomit.
Oblimic person's vomit.
I would have a lot of colors.
Colorful, not a match.
Wow.
So we're on the last one.
All right.
Here we go, last question.
This is your last chance to get a point, otherwise we're going to have a tie, and nobody likes a tie.
Alright, here's a question.
Kelly was tired of staying at home all day, so she decided that she would leave.
She hopped in her car and decided that she was going to go on a road trip to blank.
All questions for this evening written by DarkSakura.
Enjoy.
Kelly was tired of staying at home all day, so she decided that she would leave.
She hopped in her car and decided that she was going to go on a road trip to blank.
We are waiting on the contestants to answer the question.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio's Match Game.
The question is... Kelly was tired of staying home all day, so she decided that she would leave.
She hopped in her car and decided that she was going to go on a road trip to blank.
I have one contestant locked in.
Ding dong, man.
Ding dong.
I'm just waiting on no styling as usual.
I know, his answers are so creative.
I guess we have to give them time.
Such creativity takes time.
DarkSakura.com
is the Twilight Zone with a mystery host.
Thursday night is Live Wire with the one and only Loki.
Live mixing of very small money songs.
God damn it, Nostylin, hurry up, or I'm putting in an answer for you.
I'm going to let somebody else in the chat answer.
Hurry up, Nostylin.
Or I'll beat you with a ferret until you die.
Yeah, no frowny faces.
Perhaps I need to read the question one more time.
Kelly was tired of staying at home all day, so she decided that she would leave.
She hopped in her car and decided she was going on a road trip to blank.
I have an answer.
All right, beautiful.
We have an answer.
All right.
And let's hear what No Silent's answer is.
Kelly hopped in the car and decided she was going on a road trip to the famous SARS land that was provided by BACA.
being another one of our chat regulars, trying to take a slam on Baka there.
Lovely answer, we'll see if it's a match.
DJ Tyrant says, she decided to take a road trip to Castro Valley Golf Land.
Very nice.
Let's see if we get a match, Loki.
She took a trip to the Big Thunder Mountain.
To ride the Big Thunder Mountain Railroad.
I thought you were about to say the Dark Black Forest, but...
I said she was going to take a trip to the McFlicky Dick Nicky and you know I tried to toss you a bone and you didn't take it so you lose, sorry Joey I couldn't think of anything but she took a trip to the old Penisville Penisville, how nice Jamie
She took a trip to that handbasket going straight to hell to join the Orange Challenge crew on their way there.
Yay!
We're going to hell!
Poppy, your answer.
I said, to ride the Death Traps at Disneyland.
The Death Traps at Disneyland.
See, Disneyland would have got you two points right there.
Bradley.
She took a trip to her local whorehouse.
To her local whorehouse!
Practical, but not a match.
She took a trip to Dig Up Grandpa.
She took a trip to Dig Up Grandpa.
Beautiful, but not a match.
All right.
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
So, the final score is DJ Tyrant.
One point.
No styling.
One point.
So, who do we want to win?
Who do we want to win?
Yeah, that's right, you know what?
When they tie, that means we win.
So congratulations, Orange Lodge Radio.
Beat the chat room, because we're better.
Just kidding, just kidding, stay, stay.
I forgot to mention for my birthday, well this is probably something for the afterbirth, but I got erotic magnets.
Erotic poetry magnets.
You can make... Because they're not on the fridge.
Because people need to be creative and put erotic phrases on the fridge.
I'll go do one right now.
Alright, I have no time to take a break, so I need to wrap up what's the news I wanted to get to.
Bomani News, here we go, last three minutes of the show, we have some Bomani News.
More US home version songs have been confirmed for Max 2.
Here they are.
Loki will be surprised at some of these.
Feeling of Love.
Oh my god!
Max Unlimited.
Surprise.
More Deep, version 2.1.
A good song.
And Xenon.
Max 2, that'll be interesting.
DDR Ultra Mix.
Castles in the Sky will be in DDR Ultramix.
That's Ian Vandal.
Colors by DJ Taka and Sugaru.
Also in other news on DDR Freak right now, they're having people suggest songs that you would like to see in Ultramix.
It's probably one of those packs you have to buy for songs and whatnot.
So go there and do that.
DDR Max 2 is going to have an all new updated system for the diet mode.
They're going to have workout courses you can do, like low impact, high impact, I'm lazy, that type of thing.
Some fun stuff like that.
And you're probably going to see Max Period at some point in there.
That's the dumbest name for a freaking song I've ever seen.
You know what's interesting?
I'm noticing more and more that Max 2 is basically a US version of Xtreme.
It really is.
It's a US version of the Japanese Xtreme.
So that means it's going to suck.
No, I think it's actually going to be really good because we've already all played Xtreme.
You know what's interesting though?
We played the demo.
Loki and I played the demo for Max 2 USA.
We have it.
And we were playing D2R.
The first thing I noticed is that D2R has Xtreme's video.
It doesn't have the D2R video for Max 2.
Because they're different.
Yes, they are.
In Xtreme, I recognize one of the videos.
It's like a matrix effect where you have the numbers changing while it's running down the screen.
That was in Max 2.
No, it wasn't.
But it wasn't in the D2R video.
I'm almost positive.
I'm like 99% positive that D2R has a new video in this.
It has the Extremes video, not Max 2's video.
It doesn't really matter.
It's a background video.
Yeah, I know.
Not that we really give a shit, but that makes me think that, oh, it's based off Extremes Engine, not Max 2.
Well, didn't... Whatever.
Well, I thought they said that... It's based off of Euromix 2.
Ew!
It's not an engine.
I had a point I wanted to make.
Also in Extreme, they've announced that most of the unlocks from the arcade, I'm not going to read the whole list, but pretty much anything that was unlocked by a code in the arcade, songs such as Sync, Dance Dance Revolution, Paranoia Survivor, etc.
is a hidden track.
Pixie Dust is suggesting your mama's on crack rock should be in DDR Max 2.
You should go suggest that in the DDR pre-credits.
That is the best suggestion ever to be in DDR.
Not my mama, my mama in rehab.
That song was the best.
I have like on a tape that I made when I was in middle school.
What a lovely thought.
I'm going to go download that tonight.
Okay, any other Bomani news anyone had to report?
I mean, we've got the game.
The game is out in a week and a half, Max 2.
And Wednesday night, a week from Wednesday, we're going to do what we did for Max 1.
We're going to play it.
We're going to just bring home the copy and play it on air.
Although I believe it's actually being released on Tuesday, right?
This Wednesday we're going to have some surprise programming.
Who knows?
Now is the part of the show, I believe.
It's time to go around and gather everyone's final thoughts, I think.
Unless anyone else has Bomani's?
No, they need to have the Ohaska.
That would be cool.
Okay.
Final thoughts time.
I guess we're there.
Unless anybody else has anything they want to bring up?
Good, we can end this train wreck of a show.
What?
Play endearing music.
Play endearing music.
Like what?
I don't, why do you, why do you Give me a final thought, dammit.
Give me a final thought.
Uh, College Rules.
Lovely.
Bradley, do you have a final thought?
Uh, slam it, cram it, jam it, dammit.
Okay.
Punk Night.
Muzzletuff.
I hate you.
Jamie.
Oh, Joey, do you have a final thought?
No, he has no final thought.
What, you want to go last?
My final thought is... Yay.
Loki.
I'm going to have an arcade cabinet and you don't.
I'm going to have an arcade cabinet and you don't.
My final thought, and I have a microphone.
Knee-er, knee-er, knee-er.
Well, you know, I'm going to have one when I get my house, so...
My final thought is go to your local game shop and pre-order Transformers Season 3 box set.
And sign up for roleplay.darksakura.com.
And right after the show at 10pm, be sure to tune in to Conan O'Brien's 10th Anniversary Special.
9.30.
9.30.
Right now.
Right now.
On your TV.
Alright, so I guess that's a sign we need to end this show then.
The final word of the show.
I'll give it to Joey.
He gets one word.
You say one word and it's the final word of the show.
So what is the final word of the show?
Peace.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thanks for watching!
We're off to outer space.
We're leaving Mother Earth to save the human race.
Our Star Blazers!
Searching for a distant star Heading off to Iskandar Leaving all we love behind Who knows what dangers we'll find We must be strong and brave Our home we've got to save If we don't in just one year Mother Earth will disappear
Thanks for listening, and we'll see you next week.
