This week, on the heels of Bandai Namco, sequels and revivals comes one of the greatest pieces of news of the decade, Point Blank X is in the works! Join us for this, more Kingdom Hearts fractions, and all the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice!
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on September the 20th of 2015 with episode number 614 of our program.
Here in studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California is myself, Rob Roberts, and with me back, reunited once again to feel the love here in studio tonight, say hello everybody to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Something just occurred to me.
What's that?
If you had like, um, cats on your feet, you could pussyfoot around.
Yes, yes I could. I have missed such instant bursts of randomness out of nowhere.
Guess what?
What?
I remember over on the old network, Scott used to really give you crap about your random outbursts, but it's part of why we love you here at DarkSakura, we've missed you over the past month.
I really want cheese.
Who doesn't? I actually might have cheese. It's actually Alan's, but I'll give it away.
My tummies still.
Fair enough, fair enough. So here's the interesting thing, we'll catch up with DarkSakura in just a moment, but not joining us tonight, get this.
Techmaster Loki, not here tonight. So it's just myself, DarkSakura, feeling the love here in this studio.
But let's go back a little bit, shall we?
So last week, episode 613, was just myself and Loki, because DarkSakura, not able to be here because Rosh Hashanah was last week, and I hope everything went fantastically.
Actually, I ended up being quarantined.
Ah.
Because I didn't go to Rosh Hashanah's service because I was really sick, to the point that I felt like I'd been gut-punched.
That's right, because you ended up at the doctor's.
And I went to the doctor the next day and I got quarantined for some bug.
Oh my god, well you're here and you're doing okay, so obviously it's nothing.
Mostly. Stomach still has issues, but yeah.
So 613, DarkSakura's not here. We were not here the week before because of Dragoncons. That was my fault.
Week before that, episode 612, DarkSakura, also not here because she is at her 10th wedding anniversary, which I suppose she's entitled to celebrate that and have a night off.
And got to go see Weird Al so quickly, because I saw the pictures and it looks like you guys had a blast.
How was the night off for Weird Al?
Oh my god, that was a great show. I was in the front row, and then when he did When I Be Your Lover, he put his ankle on my shoulder.
Because he was basically going around being awkward with all the women in the audience.
Wow.
Because the song is a very awkward pick-up line song.
Yeah, yeah.
And it was the best. It was a great show, and he was just really nice with people.
And he had one guy sing Yoda, who was on our row, and the guy had a good singing voice and he looked truly impressed.
And he signed my copy of UHF and he thought it was really cool that Dan and I got engaged watching UHF.
Yeah.
You know, and he was just a really sweet guy.
Yeah.
Really, you know how you can tell things about people from their handshake?
Mhm.
He had a good handshake. I said, you know, I want to thank you for all the entertainment you've given everybody over the years.
May I shake your hand? And he's like, yeah, sure. And then he did it himself, you know, he reached for my hand afterwards.
It was kind of a just really nice guy. I mean, that's all I can say. He's a nice guy.
A lot of what I've heard about him is that he's very genuine. So that's, you know, that's good to hear that that's continuing.
And we had a really good time that night. The pre-show thing was kind of weird.
We had like a little party room with chips and stuff and a karaoke contest and a dance contest and a lip syncing contest and a photo booth thing and other oddness.
And but I got to meet lots of people. Oh, and by the way, there was like this top secret thing, like it was a meeting for an underground political movement type thing.
And when they pulled it off, it was the wheel of fish.
So we we created the wheel of fish thing and the woman went for what was in the box.
We go stupid. You're so stupid. And then I filmed the whole thing and on my camera and sent it to to her.
That's what phones are for. Yeah, it was cool. It was a really cool time.
And then Monday we went to Reno and played in the arcade there and I played the Star Wars Battle Pod.
You went to the classic arcade at the Peppermill like I had done a couple of months ago. Yeah.
I played just about everything on the dang row and then I tried to win an iPod until I was like, wait, I have an iPhone.
Did you did you play their Burger Time, which was the classic game of the week, one of the weeks you were gone?
I'm not a big fan of Burger Time. What? I would tell you to get out, but the listeners would be upset.
But I played a crap load of Smash TV. OK, well, that works. Smash TV is awesome.
Surely that's been a classic game. I think I've done it.
More money, more prizes. Did you approve of my picks while you were gone? Yes. We did Burger Time one week.
Donkey Kong. Well, last week was the 30th anniversary of Super Mario Brothers.
And since you'd already done that game, I said, well, let's let's go really old school Mario.
So we did Donkey Kong. But there I think I played.
Yeah, I and I tried a couple of the little redemption things just because they looked kind of neat and I haven't seen those,
you know, before. And I played I played the step mania machine that was there.
And now I realize I hate the step mania machine. I hate the menu and step mania.
Yeah, because it doesn't work quite right. It's kind of clunky, very clunky.
But overall, I had a really good time and I did play one.
Well, we actually played the kiss slot machine or whatever, just because it was kiss.
And then, hey, I won like 60 bucks off a Dolly Parton slot. And you told me to play the gayest slot machine I could find.
Yes. So I played Crystal Kittens. How was that? How did glitter kittens get kitty glitter? Kitty glitter.
My favorite. I love Kitty. Yeah, I lost. And then I played the one of the Konami ones,
which is like why, why, why through something I don't know if I was going to make a game would be called Why, Why,
Why. Isn't that a song and beat me to the X? I have no idea. So anyway,
why, why, why food nostalgia mix like that? I don't know. Anyway,
I played that for a little bit and then I played a lot of video. I like kept winning on video poker.
It was crazy. And finally, I'm just like, I just bet it all and lost it.
Like, because I'm done playing and we knew we're going to waste that 10 bucks. So it didn't matter.
There you go. That was my sister. That was your phone. All right. Yeah.
That's funny. My sister and Victoria have the same tone on my phone and I forgot to change one of them.
So, OK, so here and I got I got to acknowledge the chatters.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of these network vog network dot com six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And that's a vog network.
And if you are listening live, you happen to be here live. Come join our chat room live dot vog network dot com.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think the closest thing is one called She Is My Wife.
As far as the beat mania thing goes, I guess there is a 2DX song called She Is My Wife.
I had no idea. Weird Al is better than your mom in chat says gay a slot machine she could find.
How the hell do you figure out the sexual orientation of a slot machine or am I overthinking this?
You're probably overthinking this. You just you just you use your you use your radar.
That's all it is. You just use that little radar that that's built in.
Also, break man and Chad says, I refuse to watch a Super Bowl show until Weird Al is the host.
And I think meaning the halftime performer, which I heard a rumor, you know, oh, God, this is going to be awful.
So the Super Bowl is kind of local this year. Not like it's not like it's in Sacramento, but the Bay Area.
You know, we're we're on the way outskirts of the Bay Area and the Super Bowl this year,
Super Bowl 50 is going to be at that new 49er Stadium in the parking lot of Great America. Right.
So did you hear that they're getting an entertainer this year that they just had like two years ago?
I heard that on the radio that Bruno Mars, I guess, was in talks to do the halftime show again.
I would love to see Weird Al do the halftime show at the Super Bowl. Who wouldn't love that?
I think it would be great. It would be great because the thing about Weird Al, he could kind of sing everything that's popular.
It's just his own little spin on it. Yeah. Well, he did perform this way.
I love that song. And he came out with a giant octopus costume and leggings.
Nice. And I was like, oh, my God, that's the best thing ever. And he did that.
And he did. What else did he do?
I know that one to be your lover is his replacement for one more moment,
but one more moment is like one of my favorite things that he's ever done. It was it was great.
Let's see, Black Wolf in the chat room is theorizing that Loki is not here tonight because he's too busy loving the Wii U.
Actually, he has a sick kid tonight. So, you know, these things happen.
So he had to stay home and take care of the kid who is sick and hopefully he will be OK.
But that that happens. Kids, they get sick. That's what they do. They're disease machines.
Let's see. And also in chat, Eric RPG is asking, any of you rhythm fans into Miku or Persona or is it all DDR beat mania here?
Well, I think the obsession was DDR beat mania, but it didn't start there because I had played Bust a Groove here.
And that's what they called it in the U.S.
Great, great, great, great. I know. But that's what I played. And that was like my first big music game. That and Parappa.
I had the demo disc that had the first stage of Parappa. And I would just play that over and over and over again.
I had I had the one for for Jeremy Lamy. And it's funny if you go in and pull the vocal tracks off it, it's got the whole game on it.
Well, mostly. But I have Hatsune Miku on PlayStation three. I think it's fun.
I bought it on one of the like deep discount sales and I played through a lot of it. I think it's a challenging game.
Some of the later stages get crazy and I love that you can kind of change the singers because it's all the vocaloid stuff.
So I think that's kind of cool. So I'm waiting for a version on PlayStation four. That'll be fun.
So anyway, so before we got on all these tangent conversations, this was the point I was trying to make.
So tonight is 614, right? Last week, Jamie's not here for 613. Week before, not here at all because of Dragon Con.
612, Dark Soccer's not here because she's doing the weird Al thing. 611, Loki wasn't here because he was dealing with something else.
So the last time all three of us were on a show was episode 610. And when was episode 610? August 16th.
That's right, kids. It's been over a month since all of us have been here at OLR. What is happening?
People are going to make things up and say something's wrong. There's drama. Is there drama between you and Loki?
Are you guys not allowed to be in the same room at the same time? Something up?
He's a bitch. I'm kidding. Hearts, hearts, hearts, hearts. No.
Life is weird sometimes. It's not him that's the bitch. It's me.
If I hadn't been in Atlanta Labor Day, you two would have been here. I was just, you know, unfortunate timing.
It happens, you know.
Well, next week we're going to cross our fingers and our toes that everybody will be reunited.
Yeah. But don't cross your eyes because we have to drive.
All right. Let's get into the kickoff topic for tonight before we get into our gaming week.
So I want to talk about fair use, Star Soccer. You ready to talk about fair use?
This goes back to the whole let's play and all this, which is very interestingly timed with TwitchCon coming up this weekend.
I'm sure there's going to be a lot of talk about, you know, the legalities and, you know, making money and what can you do, what can't you do, and the music you can play and so forth.
Well, there was a very interesting court decision this week, and I want to say the court decision actually had nothing to do with let's plays.
But the effect of it could have a big effect on let's plays. We'll find out.
So this has been a court battle since 2007, and it's been Lens versus Universal.
And what happened was that Universal did a DMCA takedown notice on one of Lens' video. I'm guessing Lens is the family name.
A Lens video of a child dancing to Let's Go Crazy by Prince.
Now you guys know how notoriously protective Prince is of his copyright and so forth, right?
So a kid is dancing 30 second clip to a Prince song and it gets taken down by Universal because, and I've bitched and moaned about this on the show before, YouTube is not on your side.
And there's things I like about YouTube and there's things I don't like about YouTube.
One of the things that's always kind of bugged me about YouTube is that ultimately they're not fighting for you, they're fighting for the corporations.
You are guilty until you go through this complicated appeals process that Lord knows if a human's even looking at it, right?
Well, in 2008, it was found that Universal gave the takedown notices in bad faith.
Meaning instead of considering that it could have been fair use, they just went through and scrubbed all of Prince's music from YouTube.
So since 2008, appeals after appeals by Universal. But just this last week, the Electronic Frontier Foundation came out and said the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has reaffirmed the original ruling.
Meaning Universal gave the takedown notice in bad faith, they did not consider fair use.
So what does this mean?
Next to the Supreme Court, you have pretty much the highest court that you can get in this area, has said that before you give a takedown on a video, the copyright holder must consider fair use.
Meaning critique, commentary, criticism, parody, educational value, and so forth.
Now fair use obviously is a gray area, so we're still going to be fighting about this for a very long time.
But now you can see where this could affect video games.
Because just last week, we were talking about that Nintendo has gone crazy, taken down tons of videos.
And we got into a little bit about, well, they didn't like the fact that people were using hacked ROMs because that's going down an illegal path and da da da.
But now does this mean that the burden of proof is going to have to be on Nintendo before they take down a video?
It should be.
I kind of agree. I mean, I don't know, it is a slippery slope.
Like, I understand why Nintendo wants to not have people making ad dollars off of literal game rips of the ending of Zelda Twilight Princess.
Just roll with me here for a minute.
Some people just put the ending up on YouTube and then will make ad dollars off of it.
And didn't that end up having an effect on Smash Brothers?
Like, didn't Sakurai come out and say at one point, like, it's just all going to be on YouTube anyway, so we're not going to bother to invest all this money into it.
I seem to remember some type of story like that coming out.
I think so too.
So I think Nintendo is very much against that.
And to that extent, I kind of get it.
But when people are doing engaging commentary on a game, then I think that might be a little bit of fair use.
And I think if nothing else, there should be a type of revenue share option.
But, you know, it just all goes to show why I think copyright in general really has to be revisited right now.
What's right and what's wrong?
Yeah.
So what could this mean?
Folks theorizing that videos taken down due to copyrighted content may have been removed in bad faith.
And that shady developers who remove critique of their games are now going against the rulings of the court and could end up in trouble if you're challenged on it.
Because we've heard about those shady issues too where negative reviews of a game went up and the developer said,
oh, this is a copyright strike against our game and so we're getting it taken down from YouTube.
You've all heard of this type of stuff.
But it's the internet.
How the hell is anything going to be enforced on the internet?
Can an American court decision end up in play?
I mean, I guess it can.
I mean, maybe this is a stupid question, but I still think it's one people are asking because YouTube is an American company when you consider Google and so forth.
And I suppose a foreign person who's using YouTube would still be under the American law, but who's to say CanadaTube won't be a thing in the coming years if it's not already?
And then what happens?
Then what happens if I put my Nintendo videos on CanadaTube?
Who knows?
Who knows?
So anyway, I don't know.
It's not a big world anymore.
What do you think about this decision, Dark Soccer?
And I want to open this up to a chat room.
What do you guys think as well?
Live.bognetwork.com?
It's definitely setting a legal precedent, at least for cases in the US.
You know, this is going to be quoted anytime something like this comes back in the future.
I mean, how many times, you know, just in other type of, what's the word I'm thinking of?
Any other type of legal disturbance or what's the word I'm thinking?
A dispute.
That's the word.
Where they come in and say, well, according to this case and this case and this case, this happened.
This is setting, this is a brand new precedent being set.
Yeah.
So this is going to be considered landmark for similar legal cases.
Yeah.
A lot of times you even look at Supreme Court decisions and the Supreme Court will refer to previous rulings and what happened in such and such decision.
And, you know, obviously I had a lot of interest in the gay marriage thing that happened earlier this year.
And I believe, wasn't there something in there where like Justice Kennedy used like Scalia's dissent against him or something like that?
Yeah.
It was something crazy. I was hearing something like that, right?
But that's what happens in the legal world is that these sorts of precedents end up getting used later on.
But certainly as somebody who has done commentary on YouTube and Let's Play style videos, you know,
I like to think that I'm giving it enough original content that I should be able to make money off of it.
If the original content owner has released it for making money, which has happened in some cases,
yet my videos will still get flagged and questioned and so forth.
So it's going to be very interesting to see what happens with this on YouTube in the future.
Or if this will leave it, maybe this will end up going to the Supreme Court.
Who knows?
I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Pretty much a general consensus, like I think a lot of people in chat saying, you know what?
Yeah, the law needs to be re-looked at. It's 2015 now and we need to re-examine this.
Some of these comments here, Tiger Claw saying copyright laws from years ago is outdated.
Charles Nelson Riley man.
I don't know why he keeps changing his nickname, but I so approve of that because that was one of the greatest match game celebrities ever.
Charles Nelson Riley man says, I bet YouTube hates every corporation ever because they've all tried to sue them.
And SHO 100 Matt saying there needs to be massive reform for copyright law.
It's going to take some time and a lot of court cases.
And William Murderface saying you're probably right about that.
William Murderface also saying this is good news.
And Charles Nelson Riley man also saying personally, I think it was justified.
Let's see, somebody was talking about a parody in chat that you could do.
And I think it was, and of course I do, we do this live.
So I'm reading through the chat room live over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, do a parody song called Let's Get Lazy and not dance to it.
Well, you would be under fair use because it's a parody, right?
Speaking of Weird Al.
Although Weird Al asks people first.
Yeah, Weird Al is a little different. He doesn't have to ask.
What he's doing is completely legal, but he likes to have their blessing.
And I'm sure everybody's heard about the whole Coolio didn't approve at the time,
but now they hugged it out many years later, right?
And Coolio thinks it's funny in retrospect.
Or there's some ones where the label has said no.
Well, Lady Gaga that happened with.
No, that wasn't Lady Gaga. That was her agent.
Oh yeah, her agent had said, she said no when she didn't even know that it was a thing.
The one with the label was James Blunt.
Yeah, that's it.
And so because of that, Al started doing Your Pitiful.
He released it for free.
And does the song at, well, he used to do the song at his shows and taking off different shirts that,
you know, had different statements on it and what else.
Which is a real obscure throat of the video because the video was him taking shirts off.
Yeah.
Anyway, so yeah, interesting.
Let's see, Zippo25 in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I think the overall lesson is don't let your kids dance to music.
No dancing.
What is this? Footloose?
Is this the plot of Footloose starring Prince, Footloose Reign?
Black Wolf pointing out, because we're talking about Prince and we're talking about Weird Al,
Prince repeatedly tells Al no, he's tried every album.
That's too bad.
That's too bad because Prince, you know, I love him or hate him for the copyright thing and I get his perspective.
And I even, you know, I've played devil's advocate on the video thing, on the video game thing.
I think there are a lot of people out there that are profiting in kind of questionable ways off video game content.
Some of the commentary is good, some of it's good, some of it's in depth.
But come on guys, there's a lot of YouTubes out there that are monetized.
Go look, Google, look this up on YouTube right now because I did it before.
Until dawn death scenes or until dawn ending and you're going to find people have it up there and it's monetized.
And you ready for the kicker? Big name websites doing it.
Ready for me to call them out on the carpet?
GameSpot has one up that I watched just the other day.
Monetized. It is nothing but death scenes from until dawn.
And this is a big company. Isn't GameSpot CBS?
Well, and IGN had, I think it was IGN that I saw it on, had the Dragon Age Easter eggs on their site.
So I'm just saying, I kind of don't think they deserve money off that.
That's my, and that's my personal opinion. You may disagree with me on that.
But if, you know, I don't know, to be fair, I don't watch a lot of Let's Player YouTubers.
But let's say, who's that guy, the angry video game nerd wants to get on there and talk about Friday the 13th, even though he's wrong because that game's awesome.
Then I think that's different.
That was a funny one though.
That's different. That's funny.
His videos are mostly just-
People are not watching that to see the game. They're watching it to see his commentary.
To see the nerd.
And that's the key difference.
When I look up Until Dawn Death Scenes on YouTube, I'm wanting to look at the game.
When I look up angry video game nerd Friday the 13th, I'm not looking at the game, I'm looking up his angry ranting on the game.
And I think, for me, that's where the key difference is.
What are you really going to the video to see?
But a lot of that is in the eye of the searcher.
So I don't know.
Anyway.
Some folks in chat.
Sky drops the mic, Rob is naming names, Shade for days, Sky is calling motherfuckers out, shit got real.
You know what?
It's relevant to the topic at hand.
That's that.
Got so much salt, you need it in a block.
Alright.
And TigerClaw says, keep in mind, he's mostly playing a character, he's not like that in real life.
Well, I kind of, that's the way a lot of internet personas are and even just, you know, TV and so forth.
Like, you know, I'm sure there's been people that have played villains on television shows that can never shake that stereotype that they're a villain.
Like, Dark Soccer, maybe you can think of an example.
Like, isn't there a celebrity out there that just can't shake the stereotype of who they play?
Well, what about like, Michael Biehn dying and everything?
Okay, Linda Carter can never be anything but Wonder Woman, period.
Or a Wonder Woman-like character.
Yeah, like, you know, you kind of get stereotyped in that role forever and that's, you know, and that depends on who you are.
Some people are okay with that, some people are not.
Now I can't think of his name.
I'm thinking...
The joys of live radio when you don't prepare.
Alfonso Ribeiro.
Oh, the Carlton guy, yeah.
Yeah.
He had trouble getting work after that.
He's kind of a nerd.
That's what everybody wants.
And he was in Silver Spoon, so...
He's kind of had a renaissance, though, ever since he won Dancing with the Stars and he hosted some game shows and stuff.
So he's doing okay. He's paying the rent. He's doing good now.
But yeah, you're right. That's an excellent example of, you know, somebody that gets put in one of those, like, stereotypical...
Typecast.
Yeah, typecast. Exactly.
Charles Nelson Rileyman, talking about Carrie Fisher, blaming Star Wars and George Lucas for her non-existent career.
Not necessarily. She's had a pretty okay career.
She did, well, I mean, she did a slew of movies in the 90s. Like, she did Drop Dead Fred and...
Ready for your obscure fact, she was supposed to be Miss Scarlet in Clue, not Leslie Ann Warren.
But she was in rehab.
She went to rehab and had to drop out.
Yeah. So, with all due respect to a fantastic actress like Carrie Fisher, I don't think she can blame typecasting for some of that.
This isn't very, very short.
Yes. So anyway, there you go. We went from fair use to typecasting on 80s and 90s television movie actors.
Go us.
Go us.
Show's over. We're gonna go get pie.
We earned it, darn it.
Alright, so there you go. Fair use. I'm sure this will be developing.
I'm really curious to see what happens, if any talk on this happens at TwitchCon next week, or how YouTube chooses to respond to this.
I fully anticipate at TwitchCon, you know, they're gonna announce some of the changes they're gonna make to their site to stay competitive now with YouTube gaming.
Because YouTube gaming, excuse me, YouTube gaming is gonna be built now into the PlayStation 4 with the next firmware release.
So finally, Twitch really has a competitor, and yes, I know you could say, well, there's been other smaller ones, but nobody with the type of, like, you know, poll that YouTube has.
So it's gonna get really interesting in the next couple weeks as far as the future of game streaming and so forth, and the legal side is just really one aspect of that.
Alright, let's get into our gaming weeks.
Before we get into the news, the rest of it for the week, we always like to talk a little bit about what we've been playing this week in video games.
Dark Soccer, I know you talked a little bit about your trip to the Peppermill, but since we have a month to catch up on, what sorts of video games have you been passing your time in the past week or two?
Well, not only did I play all the ones I mentioned, I played a lot of ACVC Pinball, which is really fun.
Dan started on Project Cars, by the way, so I got to see a bit of that, but I don't like using the racing rig because I get motion sick.
Been playing a lot of Dragon Age Inquisition, I've beaten Trespasser, I would like to, I don't know, I kind of ugly cried for a bit. No spoilers, no spoilers.
But that was kind of the Citadel DLC of Dragon Age, right?
Not really. Not at all, actually.
Oh, really? I thought it was the closure.
Well, it is the closure, but not in the way that Citadel was.
I see.
I mean, you get to go around spending some time, but you don't have the big party or the send-off. It is what happens at the end of the game.
It's Game of Thrones-esque, everyone dies.
No, not really.
I don't know if that's true or not.
At any rate, what was I going to say?
I played a little Final Fantasy XIV, not a whole bunch.
Just while I was sick, I really didn't want to play a whole bunch of things.
I've been playing a little bit of, let me get the name of this game so I can tell you what it is, because I keep forgetting because it's made of type.
It's called Typewriter. R-I-D-E-R. It's a game on the Mac App Store, and it's pretty fun.
I mean, it kind of reminds me a little bit of Limbo, but with type.
And you play as a pair of, you play as a colon, as in the two dots, not a semicolon that has the title.
Not the colon that, you know, makes the poop.
I'm just saying, I wanted to clarify for the listeners.
My face is the 120% done meme.
Her face is hanging so low it's kind of looking at the colon right now.
You know what? I've had enough problems with my colon.
On your monitor.
I've had enough problems with my colon.
La la la la TMI.
Okay there.
La la la.
He went for it.
SHO 100 Mat Chat says, Pixel Shits is the colon game.
I'm all, anytime I hear the word colon, for the rest of my life, I will think of Phil Hartman on Saturday Night Live talking about colon blow.
Did you ever see that parody commercial?
Because in the 80s they used to always have those commercials that like, well Total has one day of your brand and then they're like, colon blow has 5,000 times the serving.
Although my favorite one to this day is still the love toilet.
Anyway.
You eat together.
You sleep together.
This is what happens when dark soccer is back.
You bathe together.
Tangents, tangents, tangents.
You're the one who was talking about Saturday Night Live.
I was continuing.
You brought up colons.
You're the one who made it about bodily functions.
Holy balls.
Don't get me started on balls.
What else did you play?
Nothing.
That involved balls.
Alright.
Or real colons.
No surgical simulator.
No surgical simulator?
No.
Alright.
Then my gaming week?
Sure.
I have to be honest, not a lot of new stuff this week.
I've pretty much been making do with a lot of the same games I've been playing.
I tried to get into Splatoon for the Splatfest that happened this weekend.
I gotta admit, I was left kind of disappointed with Splatoon this weekend.
I don't dislike the game or anything, but I dislike the fact that four of my matches were ruined because of some type of connection issue or another.
I'm just like, I don't know.
Especially when it ended up being so close on art versus science.
I can't help but wonder, gee, what would the score have been had everybody been able to maintain their connections?
Maybe it would have been more one way than the other.
I don't know.
I got really frustrated at that and it kind of just took the fun out of Splatoon for me.
I'm just being honest.
Nintendo, not happy after that Splatfest.
I realize not everybody had the same issues, but judging from Twitter, I saw a couple other people that were complaining about it.
I don't know if it was just one particular provider or connection or something, but I was a little disappointed at that.
But I tried.
For science, I tried.
And unfortunately failed.
I lost one match three percent to like 87 percent or something because two people on my team disconnected.
And so we were left to do nothing but hide in the corner and await our untimely deaths.
Well, that's just not fun.
I don't know.
I mean, I understand that people are going to drop for matches sometimes and things are inevitable, but I just kind of, I don't know.
I feel like there's got to be a better system or a better balance.
If somebody drops from the game, maybe everybody should get more powerful.
I don't know.
So, I don't know. Anyway.
So that was my brief flirtation with Splatoon.
I spent a lot more time on my Wii U on Mario Maker, however, which, or Super Mario Maker, excuse me.
But I made another level.
Obviously, I'm not going to give out the code here, but I will post it on our forums.
You can go check out our forums over at vog at Network.com.
I think it's still right there on the left-hand side.
You can see Mario Maker is one of the five most recent threads, and I've been posting the codes there.
I do need to post the most recent code here for the, I almost called it the worst witch, because that's what I called it on my own Wii U.
But when I uploaded it, I changed the name to the Witch's Back, because when I was playing through the 100 Mario mode,
and you know, that's how you unlock all the different characters, not just amiibo ones, but there's bonus ones in there.
I got Ashley from WarioWare, which, that's awesome, because Ashley is a great character.
I just, I was not expecting, I didn't spoil the list of all 100 characters that are in the game,
so when that happened, I was like, whoa, that's awesome, like, totally random.
I'm disappointed it doesn't play her entire theme song, but it does play a little bit of the Ashley music, and I thought that was really cool.
So I made a level, because that, for some reason, that's my favorite thing to do.
Right now, Mario Maker is like, I'll get one of the little amiibo characters, and I get inspired to make a level about that character.
Like, I did it with the Mega Man, I did one with Ashley, I did one with Zero Suit Samus when I got the underwater stuff,
I did, like, a Metroid-inspired thing, so that's kind of my thing.
The only bad thing about that is because all those costumes are only in 8-bit Super Mario Brothers,
or I should say, original Super Mario Brothers, it's not, because Mario 3 is in there,
but the costumes aren't in any of the other Mario games, so all of my levels are original Mario Brothers.
Or, original Super Mario Brothers, excuse me. You all know what I mean.
So I feel like the next level I'm gonna make, I really want to make a Super Mario 3, or a Super Mario World level,
because, probably a Mario World level, because I feel like that's the one I see the least of.
And that's, like, one of the best games.
But it takes a little while to unlock the skins for 3 and Mario World, so I think that's why so much of it tilts towards the original Super Mario Brothers
and new Super Mario Brothers, because those are the ones that are kind of the default.
So, anyway, let's see, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
Rageinator saying, speaking of games, for those of us that have Rocket League on Steam,
we should have a VoG game night featuring it.
I did play Rocket League on Steam this week, I don't know if Rageinator saw me on there playing,
but yeah, I played a little bit of Rocket League on Steam, I love the way that game feels on PC.
I mean, it's great on PS4, but on my PC, it's even just like a step,
I think just because my PC's relatively new, so it has a lot of oomph in it,
it just feels so smooth, like I just, man, Rocket League is fantastic on PC for me.
So, that's a lot of fun to play, I think.
So, that was really my gaming week, I didn't play a lot of new stuff.
So, there you go, maybe I'll get into some new games this week,
but for now, just maintaining a lot of the same old same old, a lot of Diablo 3 as well,
I should give a shout out to that, because Alan and I, we haven't been playing a lot of Final Fantasy XIV,
because Final Fantasy XIV content's getting a little stagnant,
and it's not even on our showreel tonight, so I'll just mention it here,
Final Fantasy XIV not going to be putting out a content patch until November,
which is like Blizzard World of Warcraft pace for patches,
as long as I'm calling people out tonight.
But, you know, that's something that turned us off of World of Warcraft,
so I'm disappointed that it's taking so long for the patch.
However, it's a fantastic expansion, it gives a lot of time people to catch up,
so I'm trying to look at the good in it as well.
It's just, you know, I wish there was a little more for those of us that are stuck in endgame right now,
I kind of feel like there's nothing to do until November if I don't want to level up an alt.
So, we've been playing Diablo 3 instead, and doing the seasonal characters,
and Alan's already passed Paragon 100, and I'm right around Paragon 90,
but that's been fun, because now there's not just Torment 6,
but it goes all the way up to Torment 10.
Ten levels of Torment, Dark Sakura, doesn't that sound exciting?
Uh, given that I'm still at 50.
You can do it.
All right, some quick housekeeping, and then we're going to get into some news for tonight.
I mentioned this last week, I want to mention it again, because time is running out.
There's only, what, less than 10, no, about 10, 11 days left to get in on this.
We are giving away at vognetwork.com.
Just as a, you know, thanks for listening to the shows and supporting independent broadcasting.
You might remember I had an extra Ness amiibo.
You want to unlock Ness to do an 8-bit level in Mario Maker?
You just need the amiibo, and the Japanese ones work region-wide,
so this contest is open to everybody.
We're giving away a Japanese Ness amiibo.
It's from my personal collection.
It's still in the box because I got one too many.
Long story I've told on a previous episode of the show.
But we're giving away that extra Japanese Ness amiibo,
and if you want to enter, just go to vognetwork.com,
and when you participate with the site, either by checking in live to a program,
or if you aren't able to listen live, you can still get just as much a reward
for listening for the passphrase hidden somewhere in the episode.
If you listen to OLR every week, you probably hear Jason at some point interrupt the show,
as he's allowed to do, and say,
to register participation for this week's episode of Orange Island Radio.
He has his little thing, and you use that word on the site,
and you get your five points, and each point is one ticket.
So don't get scared. If you see that Obi-Wan, Jabroni, and Tiger Claw have all these points,
don't get intimidated by that because, yeah, okay, they have a lot of entries into the raffle,
and they've probably got a better chance at winning,
but all you need is one point, and you can win, and you get five points,
just for registering participation for our show, Bobby's show, Anime Jams,
there's an understation live, or any of the shows that participate in that.
You can also participate around the site, and earn points there,
poke around, just by signing up, actually, at vognetwork.com.
If you're not even registered on the site, I believe,
I hope I'm not spoiling anything, but I believe you get some points for your initial sign-up.
Now, do you remember one other thing? You must opt into the raffle.
Those points will not do you a lick of good if you don't opt in,
because we at VOG Network do not believe in just opting you in automatically.
We're trying not to be dicks. So you must opt in, and I do want to emphasize,
we're not selling information, we're not calling, we're not going to spam you or anything.
I'm going to be honest. It's just to try to get some hits on the site,
and so we can tell other people, including potential people to review games,
guests to get on the show, we've got this many people that participate with our site.
That's what it is. That's all it is. You're just giving us clicks,
and we're giving you some stuff for participating with the site. That's all we need.
So there you go. Check that out. vognetwork.com.
As Shiho and Hunter Matt pointed out, I won the raffle once when I was fifth place on the leaderboard.
That's still really high. It's still pretty high on the leaderboard.
All right. Just don't forget to opt in, because I bet there's a lot of people that are putting in the passphrase
and going, great, now I might win the amiibo, but if you don't opt in,
then, you know, because we don't know. Do you want an esamibo showing up in the mail randomly?
I bet a lot of people do, but some may not, so we ask that you opt in.
All right. Enough plugs for that stuff. Let's get into some news tonight.
We're going to get into gaming news. Dark Soccer and I holding down the fort tonight with news.
We're going to start with, I know Tokyo Game Show is this week,
and, you know, we did get a lot of news out of Tokyo Game Show.
We'll get into a little more, but one trend amongst not just Tokyo Game Show,
but some stuff we were seeing on the state side, too, is delays, delays, delays,
and I don't have just one game, two games. I got four games to talk about big delays for.
I mean, and this just all hit within the past week, starting with Mighty No. 9,
because, well, that's a broken record at this point. That shit's always getting delayed.
Mighty No. 9 got delayed again. Is anybody surprised? Nope. Demo got delayed this time.
The PC version of Need for Speed going to be delayed into 2016,
so the PC version of Need for Speed getting pushed back,
so it's going to be a little bit of a stagger to release there.
Persona 5 delayed to 2016, and I know a lot of you are rabid about the Persona series.
I know there's a lot of people eagerly awaiting the next Persona game,
and the general gist I'm getting from people is that, all right, well, you know what?
At least I've got, A, at least I've got Persona dancing all night this year,
and B, if that's what it takes to make it good, then I can wait a few more months for Persona.
So, Persona 5 got delayed to 2016. There is a new trailer out there,
if you need something else to hold you over, some little tidbits there from Persona 5.
And then the biggie, this one's a biggie, big delay announcement this week,
and those of you that are paying attention to the news probably know what I'm talking about,
Star Fox on the Wii U. One of the holiday releases Nintendo was showing off at E3 delayed into 2016.
They posted a note over on their Facebook that just basically said they need more time to do it.
We've been developing Star Fox for Wii U, says the statement, with the aim of releasing it this year.
Although we felt the development had been progressing well,
we now believe that we'll need a little more time to work on areas
such as the unprecedented discovery that we want players to experience in the game by using two screens
and further polishing the level designs and perfecting the tone of the cutscenes.
While we've already reached the stage where it would be technically possible to release the title in time
for the year and holiday season, we want to polish the game a bit more
so players will be able to more smoothly grasp the new style of play that we are proposing.
Star Fox Zero had been slated for November 20th, it is now slated for first quarter 2016.
Making some Wii U fans a little bit frazzled, but at this point,
you know, at least this comes right off the heels of Super Mario Maker,
which is a strong enough title, it probably can carry them through the holidays, let's be honest.
But, some people still tinfoil hatting at this news.
You know what people are putting their tinfoil hats on about with this delay, the Star Fox,
is have they delayed it to shoehorn in more amiibo?
That's one of the big things I'm seeing going around, is that, did they delay it to shove more amiibo potential in it?
Darsakra, do you think that Star Fox would benefit from more amiibo support to delay it?
Again, this is tinfoil hatting, nothing official.
But do you think amiibo support, would that kind of take you off if they delayed it just to put in more amiibo support?
I... no. I don't... I'll put it this way.
At this point, the speculation game does nothing but work people up.
True.
I've got more important things to be worked up about.
So, if they want to add more amiibo support for a game coming out on the system I don't own, okay.
Not yet, you never know what Hanukkah Harry will bring you this year.
Anyway.
Hanukkah Harry needs to pay off my student loans.
Let's see, going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com,
EricRPG tinfoil hatting a little bit, saying more time to fix the controls considering the reactions it got at E3.
People weren't really enjoying it from what I can tell.
I don't know if I would agree with the second half of that statement, because, you know, for just as many people who weren't enjoying it,
I'm sure there were a bunch that were.
So, I don't know, but I will give you credit on this though, is that it does say in the statement,
polishing the cutscenes and the two screen experience.
So, that does seem to indicate something to do with just the view or the control or something.
I mean, that's always a big thing.
That's part of the reason, I think, with demos and whatnot, they get live feedback.
And know what people like, what they don't like, and have a little bit more time to tweak the interface or stuff like that.
I think it makes perfect sense.
Right.
So, I don't know.
By the way, also delayed, if you can believe this, I forgot one.
There is one other one that got delayed.
Sonic Boom! Fire and Ice delayed until 2016.
So, if you were, you know, eagerly awaiting a 3DS Sonic Boom! Fire and Ice, well, you're going to have to wait a little bit longer on that.
So, yeah, lots of delay announcements this week in light of Tokyo Game Show.
But, you know, I'm sure a lot of shows you listen to and blogs you read are going to invoke Ye Olde Miyamoto's quote about that if you delay a game and it ends up being good, no one will remember that the game was delayed, but a bad game is bad forever.
The Tokyo Drama Show.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Soccer, what do you have next for us?
Speaking of the drama, Konami is stupid.
That's the news. Konami is stupid.
That's not news.
Yes it is. It's today's news.
It's an expansion on that news. No, seriously, they, whatever.
So, anyway, now, again, this is not official official quote, quote, quote, quote, quote.
But several French gaming blogs have stated that Konami is giving up on everything in the AAA category except for Pro Evolution Soccer.
Eurogamer has said, and this is a quote, it understands that these posts are true, but does not know how they know.
So, they're probably some insider and can't say anything about it.
So, yeah, we are pretty, yeah, I think that we've seen the end of the goodness coming out of Konami with the last Metal Gear Solid game.
There was also a statement from Julien Marceron, who runs the French game site Gameblog, said that the man responsible for overseeing Konami's Fox Engine left the studio because he heard about the shift.
So, of course, they've already let go of everybody good and they ended, you know, they said the next Silent Hill isn't coming out.
So, I think everything indicates to yes, this is happening.
And I now want to go back and play, like, good games from the past.
I think I just want to go back and play Silent Hill 3 for a while and cry.
Play Silent Hill 3 and cry.
I wonder if somebody might buy some of the Konami, well, I wonder if somebody just wouldn't fucking try to do a hostile takeover of Konami at this point, but maybe not, I don't know.
And I know that, okay, well, technically, Metal Gear doesn't have to go anywhere, it'll just go to mobile phones and pachinko machines in Japan and so forth.
So, eh.
But, yeah, I feel like we talked about this a month ago.
Like, I know it's hitting the blogs again this week and the stuff's gaming steam, but I feel like we had a discussion very similar to this, like, a month ago, that the signs were there,
that Konami really had nothing they were interested in showing off after Metal Gear Solid 5 was done, that the only thing they were hanging on to was Pro Evo Soccer, which is kind of their guaranteed money maker.
So, the fact that, you know, now there's an insider saying, because remember we had the story about the working conditions of Konami and all that?
Yeah, like, I feel like we already kind of went down this path when that happened, so this rumor really just strikes me as a duh.
I mean, look at what they showed at E3, look at what they're showing at Tokyo Game Show. It all lines up. This isn't really that shocking, all things considered.
Yeah.
I would hope, though, that maybe they'll consider partnering up with another company who can maybe bring some of these licenses to life.
Like, let me just throw out there a crazy fucking idea. You ready?
What if Sony Japan, Sony Entertainment Japan, were to offer Konami, like, millions of dollars and resources to develop a Silent Hill game exclusive to PlayStation 4?
That'd have to be pretty stupid not to take it.
Right, exactly. So, I mean, that, I still feel like something like that could happen, that maybe if somebody really wanted to do the game bad enough, and you know who ought to do it.
And I feel like they won't, but I feel like the company that should really be taking advantage of this scenario is Microsoft.
Doesn't Microsoft want to get some strength in Japan?
Buy their IPs.
I think Microsoft should throw Konami a lot of money and offer to continue some of these franchises that people want to see.
But, you know, I get, maybe I'm fanboying a little bit, but I don't know, it makes sense in my head.
I'm sure there's some legal reasons why maybe it wouldn't work out, who knows.
So, let's see, going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dr. Kloss says, don't be surprised if Konami releases a Metal Gear Solid card game.
Dartitsu, you're reminding that Metal Gear Acid was kind of like that, so.
I guess you could see Konami maybe use these IPs in different formats.
I mean, even though you guys are joking about the card game, it actually would make a lot of sense that, you know, again, somebody licenses the property to make the official Silent Hill trading card game or something like that.
I don't know.
I just want a PT-like game that really is awesome. That's why I'm looking forward to Allison Road.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, Microsoft has all but abandoned Japan at this point. They were a no-show at Tokyo Game Show.
I kind of, you know, and way back in my head, I know this, and I know that Microsoft is having a hard time getting taken seriously over there in the gaming market.
But, again, it makes sense in my head that they would throw oodles of money to make a Silent Hill game and even get one of their studios to do it, who could probably do a decent job with it.
I mean, it wouldn't be PT, but they could put their own spin on it. It's not like other studios are incapable of making a bad Silent Hill game.
I think we're all going along for the days of Akira Yamaoka being involved, but, you know, the reality is, he's moved on.
So, let's see maybe what somebody else can do with it.
They're not doing more triple-A titles, and that's, I wonder if they're including the Bomani games among that, too.
Mm.
Or if...
I don't know, I feel like...
But Poppin makes a lot of money in Japan.
In Japan. And I still feel like, even though we're talking about home entertainment, we're really not talking about arcade entertainment at all.
Yeah, we haven't heard anything about that.
Abandoned the arcade side, at least in Japan. There is no arcade scene here in the US. I mean, it's very, very small.
Mm.
That's the reality. It's not what it used to be in the 80s, that's for sure.
It's now bar-cades.
Which is all a bunch of 80s games. Let's see, Rage-nator in chat says,
Here's an idea. How about we all pool our money together and VOG does a hostile takeover of Konami? I have 15 cents.
You know, I said this on the show years ago and I still believe it.
If you want to rant and rave about Konami and have your words mean something, buy some stock.
Be prepared to lose that money, but buy some stock.
And then, you can talk to Konami as a shareholder.
And who does Konami have to listen to? Shareholders.
Yep.
Just saying.
Although, I don't know if you'd want to waste money on their stock.
Well, 15 cents. I don't know, you might be able to buy a bit with that, we'll see.
Well, I know one thing 15 cents won't buy you is 15 cents will not buy you a bundle for an Xbox One or a Wii U at a GameStop.
It might get you a copy of like NHL Gretzky 2002 on the GameCube or something.
It might get you that, but it will not get you a hardware bundle.
And the reason why that's important, GameStop making a big change.
That they will no longer be selling in their stores, consoles that come with digital copies of games.
Very interesting. And of course, they're all doing it.
The Wii U we had here in studio last week had a digital copy of Super Mario Maker.
When I bought my Xbox One, it had a digital copy of Halo.
I'm pretty sure there's a Sony PlayStation 4 out there with a digital copy.
Maybe not. Maybe Sony's the only one that's not giving away digital copies of games right now.
But they have the Destiny bundle and stuff.
So there's Sony bundles as well.
And I don't know if that's digital or physical, but I'm assuming there's at least one of them that is digital.
Microsoft actually partnered with EA to release Madden 16, an Xbox One bundle.
And at most stores, you're going to find that you get the one terabyte Xbox One, a free year of EA access.
And a download code for Madden 16. This is if you buy it at Best Buy or Amazon or something.
But at GameStop $3.99, you get a physical disc version of Madden 16.
But it doesn't have the 12 month subscription to EA access. Hmm.
So, interesting. CEO Paul Rains of GameStop said,
If the platform holders continue to put in free games as promotional items, we anticipate that at GameStop you'll see more physical bundles from third parties as opposed to digital bundles.
We choose not to participate in digital bundles. Hmm.
And of course, you know, it doesn't take a scholar to figure out that this is because GameStop, whoa, mic overboard.
GameStop is in the business of selling used games.
So when you have digital copies of games, you can't sell those back. Nope.
So very interesting. Some wondering if this is a desperate sign from GameStop that they're clinging to what little may be left before the full shift to digital takes full swing,
which many are predicting is only a couple of years away at this point, really.
I mean, we're seeing a huge shift as it is, but bandwidth caps and so forth continue to interfere with that stuff.
Some folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com. ActDef says, Screw GameStop. That's what I think.
Dungeon Muster says, If I recall correctly, GameStop got in trouble years ago for reselling games that had DLC codes and not indicating that they've been used.
Well, how are they going to know? Yeah, sometimes they may not know. I would think there's certain games they just can't sell.
Yeah. Anyway.
Well, there was a little bit of news from Sony Japan. This was actually revealed by Square Enix that Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue is going to be out on PS4.
This is after I've already bought the HD remaster for PS3, so whatever.
But it has the Kingdom Hearts HD remaster, Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, which that makes me happy.
And then Kingdom Hearts Chi Back Cover, which is a new HD movie that shows the story of the fortune tellers and goes through parts of the series' history.
So I guess it's getting things ready for, I guess, the next game. So, hooray. That's cool.
This is a follow up a little bit to the 2.9 news we had. Yeah, right?
Is this something you'd be interested in, though?
No. I already bought one, so I'm just kinda... I don't know.
If I get it, I get it. If not, I don't. I'd like it.
Don't you want to buy Kingdom Hearts one more time before Kingdom Hearts 3?
No, not really. I could probably end up watching the whole movie online anyway.
Dream Drop Distance, though. A lot of people are excited about that.
He got that. Well, I guess that was a given that that was coming, so no big surprise there.
Except that it's not 2.9, it's 2.8. But I wonder if this means there will be a 2.9 later. I wonder if Square Enix can count. I don't know.
Following the Capcom rule, except Capcom eventually learned how to get to 3.
Alright, well, big news out of Tokyo Game Show in regards to Project Morpheus.
Project Morpheus is gone. Project Morpheus is no more the name, that is.
The hardware is still very much coming out. Gotcha.
Project Morpheus has gone through a name change.
Project Morpheus is now known as PlayStation VR.
That's it, yep. Very simple name along the lines of PlayStation TV, PlayStation Mobile.
We now have PlayStation VR.
It seems like one of those things where we really should have been able to guess that name, right?
Surely that was on the short list of names for this headset.
But yeah, it's no longer Project Morpheus, it's now PlayStation VR.
And they were, of course, showing off PlayStation VR at Tokyo Game Show.
There was actually a version of Final Fantasy XIV that was being demoed on PlayStation VR.
Yeah, that sounds kind of awful.
Where you could do the Titan fight, I know, right? Like, motion sickness to the extreme.
Well, not just that, you need your HUD, especially if you're a support class.
You know what's interesting, and I don't see a lot of people talking about this,
but I've been following Final Fantasy XIV since the very, very beginning, right?
They were talking 1.0, which was shit, right?
But I remember when we saw shitty 1.0 at E3 years and years ago, they were demoing a 3D version of it.
And I don't think that ever came out.
But remember when the thought was that everything was going to go 3D? 3D TVs, da da da.
There actually was Final Fantasy XIV in 3D.
So I'm assuming that they probably never took the bare bones of that out of the engine,
so it was probably not extremely difficult to run.
I mean, and they do injection drivers for other games, so they probably didn't take them too long to work their magic.
But yeah, Final Fantasy XIV was playable in the PlayStation VR.
Now, supposedly, though, this was demo purposes only
and is not something that's actually coming out as a consumer thing,
but I'll bet you it depends on demand.
We'll see.
But still no day and date or price or any of that stuff.
It just has a name, but there you go.
Kaijuto in chat says, I would have called it PR.
Well, that is what they're doing.
A lot of PR spin on it.
Unless they're PR-ing on it.
ActDeaf says, Originality Sony is not your name.
Well, you know what?
Some people wanted Nintendo to call their next console Nintendo.
So I think simplicity is okay in some cases.
It's called for.
Also called for in any circumstance.
Dead or Alive Extreme.
And get this, the reason why I bring this up right after PlayStation VR?
Oh yeah.
Dead or Alive Extreme 3.
This is, of course, the beach volleyball game coming out in the PlayStation VR.
So you can see dead ass virtually in all its glorious 3D splendor.
And I know Dark Sakura cannot wait for the booby physics in the PlayStation VR.
And of course they've announced what cast members will be appearing in the game.
But does that matter?
And I think this is a fair thing to question.
And I'm sure Dark Sakura will back me up on this.
Yet again, it's all women.
And I understand.
Men want to play dress up with pretty girls too.
Can we have one boy in the game?
Please.
With wiggly bits?
You don't even have to have over the top dong animations.
Although I suppose some people would appreciate that.
Zack should be in the game.
As a playable.
Some people appreciate the man booty too.
So just saying.
That could be a thing.
Anyway, some listeners don't want to hear me talk about this.
But you know what? Deal with it.
Because now you know what it's like to be the other gender.
So...
Anyway, Dead or Alive Extreme is being developed, of course, for the PlayStation 4 and the Vita.
And it's being planned for a Spring 2016 release.
And there you go. It's going to be on the PlayStation VR.
And you know what? I might be as gay as Christmas.
But I still want to check this game out.
Because it's like an over the top thing.
It's like Showgirls the movie.
It's so bad it's kind of good.
This is a Showgirls type of game.
And Dark Sakura, even you can appreciate Dead or Alive Extreme Volleyball for its Showgirls factor, right?
Oh, I would enjoy watching Dan play it, honestly.
And then I point out, you realize that you're playing dress up with girls.
I swear, it's just phenomenal.
That's kind of what Hatsune Miku is, too.
Since we were talking about that earlier in the show.
You're in your points to play dress up in that game, too.
Well, I also think wrestling is soap opera for men and women in Hatsune Miku.
Well, it just makes me laugh.
Because it's like, oh, you spend all this time dressing up your character in Dragon Age.
I'm like, okay, Dead or Alive Volleyball.
Right? Or Skyrim?
How much time did you spend on the character creator in Skyrim?
Probably longer than I've played the actual game.
Right?
Or me playing Sims. I'm busy building houses and putting in porn mods.
Is Shane listening?
Shane, how many hours did you spend making your character in Mass Effect 3, Shane?
Is he listening?
And then I put in my mods on Mass Effect 3.
So I think Shane and I could have a competition.
You guys should have a podcast.
Oh my god, no, this is brilliant.
I should have this happen. Oh my god.
I should patent this right now and I want 10% of the proceeds.
Okay, you and Shane need a podcast that's nothing but character creation in games.
Oh my gosh.
And all you do is you review the character creator and what you can do.
And that's it. You don't even talk about the game itself.
Just the pretty people you can make in them.
Shane!
We need to talk.
I don't even know if he's listening or not.
I don't care. He'll probably hear my squeal from wherever he is in town.
Oh my god.
You don't even know how much I'm going to talk to him about this.
You should.
I don't know if he's listening.
You should call in all the pretty people.
You should.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Sky, you laugh, but that could be kind of cool.
I'm brilliant.
I should do this for a living.
I should say, come to me and tell me what podcast you think you should do.
And I'll tell you how to make it even better.
I don't know.
Alright, now I'm getting too much ego.
I need to bring it down a notch here and have Dark Sakura move on to the next story.
Something that will definitely...
A video game that will definitely keep my ego in check.
Right, Dark Sakura?
Well, I would actually pay some pretty good money to watch you do playthroughs of these games.
Um...
Namco Bandai is putting out a stress test demo for Dark Souls 3.
Um...
Um...
Um...
Namco Bandai is putting out a stress test demo for Dark Souls 3.
Um...
Namco Bandai is putting out a stress test demo for Dark Souls 3.
Um...
Um...
Namco Bandai is putting out a stress test demo for Dark Souls 3.
Um...
For PS4.
Um...
Um...
And the rumor is that they're also going to do one for Xbox One and PC.
Um, but if you have a PS4, you can take place in this stress test on October 16th and again on October 18th in North America and Japan.
Um...
They haven't put the European date out, but they're expecting it to be released.
Um...
The network stress test is going to take place on Friday, October 16th.
Um...
Um...
Friday, October 16th at 8pm to 11pm Central.
I think.
Um...
Saturday, October 17th, 8 to 11.
And Sunday, October 18th, 2015.
From 8 to 11 again.
So you have to sign up, but you can do that at the Dark Souls 3 website.
And, um...
They're hoping for the release date in Japan.
They said March 24th, 2015.
Um...
Um...
Um...
Um...
They're hoping for the release date in Japan.
They said March 24th, 2016.
And sometime in April for North America and Europe.
Rob?
I'm texting Shane.
My brilliant ideas right now.
Okay.
Just so you know. He says he's not listening.
I wouldn't talk about making characters. I would just make them for hours.
And I said, we'll do a Twitch show.
Yeah.
There you go.
We could totally do that.
Get Universal to shut you down like you're a prince song or something.
Uh...
Here's the thing about Dark Souls.
It's one of those series I just...
I didn't really get into.
I played Demon's Souls, the first one on PlayStation 3.
And I just...
It's so punishing and so hard.
Like, there's only so much time I could play that.
But I get why people really stick with those games.
And will play them through to completion.
But like, I tried with Bloodborne and...
It was just ugly.
But I get why people are into it.
And I think that's really cool for people that enjoy these games.
But yeah.
Talking about keeping my ego in check.
Getting me to play a game like Dark Souls is a good way to do it.
Because I'll die in like five seconds.
And that's that.
It really is.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Coming out at a video game store near you.
Loki is not here this week.
But hey, lucky you.
I have the US releases right in front of me.
Today, actually, if you weren't aware.
Skylanders Superchargers came out on everything.
PlayStation 3, 4, 360, Xbox One, Wii U.
Even the original Wii.
Skylanders Superchargers came out for it.
3DS.
On the 22nd, Blood Bowl 2.
FIFA 16.
Kind of a big deal.
Soma is out as well.
And on the 23rd of September.
Assault Android Cactus is coming out.
I am looking for...
That has been out.
I think it's the official release finally.
Because that's been out on Steam.
I don't know if that was early access or what.
No date for the PlayStation 4, however.
But that's a fun little twin-stick shooter.
On the 25th.
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer finally makes its way out for the 3DS.
And Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5.
Grand Ages Medieval is all this week in the US.
It's a busy week.
By the way, one week from today.
A game I know a lot of people are excited about is coming out.
Even though it's going to be pricey.
Lego Demand Shield is coming out.
It's coming out.
It's coming out.
Lego Demand Shield is coming out.
Lego Demand Shield is coming out.
It's coming out.
It's coming out.
So I wonder if Loki is going to end up picking that up.
I don't know, he says he's not.
But I wonder if he'll end up getting that anyway.
We'll find out next week on the show.
I'm sure some of you in chat will end up picking that up.
I know Brad from PODCULTURE.
He's talked a lot about that game.
He even says in chat right now,
CAN-NOT-WAIT!
Getting Dimensions!
There it is.
Going over to Japan and checking out the releases in Japan.
Pulling that up here in the studio right now.
We are taping live at vognetwork.com.
You know what, my dates are not coming up.
So while I let this load, Darsakha,
why don't we go over to the UK next if you're good to go.
Yeah, I'm good to go.
So we have actually a bunch of stuff.
On the 22nd, Blood Bowl 2.
For Xbox One PC and PS4.
FIFA 16 on freaking everything.
Panarium on PC and PS4.
On the 23rd, we have Panarium for Xbox One.
And Final Fantasy 5 for PC.
So I'm probably gonna get that.
If it's based off the iOS and Android version though,
I'm not a fan of what they did to it.
I'll check it out. I'll check it out.
I'm gonna look at the review.
On the 24th, we have Bridge Constructor Stunts on iOS.
On the 25th, we have Skylanders Superchargers coming out on everything that can play Skylanders.
Like everything that can play Skylanders.
And some things that probably can't play Skylanders, but you'll try anyway.
Like the butt.
Yes, the Playstation butt.
Which I hear was the runner-up name for the VR headset.
This isn't saying anything. Final Fantasy 5 gets PSN release.
But it's not saying which edition it is.
Yeah, they're not saying which one this is.
Oh well, I'll have to wait until it comes out and look at the reviews.
I think it's just the PC, that's it.
I don't think it's coming out for any console.
Playstation already has Final Fantasy 5 in the PS1 library,
but granted, that doesn't work on Playstation 4.
At least, not yet anyway.
Well yeah, but I was seeing if they...
Because they linked back to that one, so I was wondering if it might be the same version.
Gotcha.
Alright, well heading on over to the Playstation 4 in Japan.
I'm finally ready to talk about Japanese releases.
This week on the 24th, we have Utaware Umono.
Itsuware no Kamen comes out in regular and premium editions this week.
And then on the 25th in Japan, Mahoutou Hayakihi Revival in regular and limited edition.
And Saint Seiya, Soldier's Soul comes out in Japan all this week.
It's a very busy week on the Playstation 4 in Japan.
Heading on over to the Wii U, nothing.
And now the Star Fox has been delayed.
I'm not sure we're going to have anything over there for the rest of the year.
On the Playstation Vita though, still getting love.
Utaware Umono that I mentioned on the Playstation 4, also coming out on the Vita.
Genkai Tokemono Crystal comes out in regular and limited edition on the Vita.
And Hakouki Shinkai Kazenoshu comes out in regular and limited edition on the Playstation Vita this week.
Last but not least, the 3DS has just a new plate coming out for the new 3DS.
It's a plate and watch, which is, you know, like Mr. Game and Watch, but it actually looks like...
It makes your 3D... I actually think this is awesome.
It makes your 3DS front look like the old clock of a Game and Watch.
So that's kind of rad, except the date and time are like frozen, but I still think that's a rad looking thing.
But, you know, it doesn't matter because we don't have the little 3DS here in America, so I won't be getting it.
There you go. There's Japanese and UK and US releases.
Just another story here before we get to the classic game of the week.
But first, I have one more story for you guys, and it has to do with Yakuza.
Yakuza, you play this series at all? This is one of the series I hear a lot about. People really love it.
I have not spent a lot of time with it. I know Deakman, who did a lot of work on our website, he loves these games.
So I'm sure he is very excited to hear that Yakuza 6 is coming out, but it's exclusive to Playstation 4.
That is coming out fall of 2016, at least for Japan.
Keep in mind, Sega's been a little slow on localizing games. Yakuza 5 is only coming out just this year digitally,
even though it came out in Japan in 2012, so lord knows if we'll ever get Yakuza 6 over here in the States.
I suppose it will have to do on sales of Yakuza 5.
But if that's not enough for you, Sega is remaking the original Yakuza game, so now may be the good time to get into it.
The original Yakuza is being remade for Playstation 3 and Playstation 4.
You can actually look at the trailer that's out there, because it looks really good on Playstation 4.
So of course, improved visuals coming along in that game.
Also, the studio is adding new scenarios and some other alterations to the game mechanics to make it a little more user friendly.
Yakuza Kiwami launches on January 21st, 2016 in Japan. So I don't know, 2019 in the States?
No, I don't know. In all seriousness, I have no idea when that's coming out.
Some shoutouts for Yakuza in our chatroom. DungeonBuster saying Yakuza is awesome, great series, bicycles to the face.
Bob Coffee in chat says Yakuza is good times. DungeonBuster hoping that remake makes it over here.
You know what? I would love to check out the remake, because then I feel like I could start to catch up a little bit on what I've been missing out on.
Because I hear these games are really deep. Like there's just a lot of side content in the games and all these crazy scenarios that they're very immersive types of games.
So, looking forward to checking that out, hopefully someday.
Well, let's take a trip down memory lane when it comes to gaming, and Dark Soccer does a segment here on the show every week called the Classic Game of the Week.
Now I've filled in for a couple weeks here, but Dark Soccer is excited to get back and go into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, listen, you kids, me and your newfangled remakes and stuff, you need to go check out this game instead.
It's the Classic Game of the Week. Dark Soccer, what did you pick this week for the Classic Game of the Week?
Shine Get! Yeah, I picked Super Mario Sunshine because, well, it came out in 2002. This game is 13 years old.
This would have been a good pick last week, but it honestly didn't come to mind, because I didn't think it was that old.
Yep. There you go.
Shine Get! Yeah. Well, it came out in Japan in July 2002, in North America in August 2002, and Europe and Australia in October 2002.
It was the second 3D Mario platformer, so it was sort of, I guess, the successor to Super Mario 64, and like I said, it came out on GameCube.
So basically, Mario and Peach and all of them go on vacation, and then someone kidnaps Peach because he's a butthole.
And so then, Mario gets like this liquid shooter thing that uses water, and it's called the Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device.
And so basically, you just go through the game cleaning up gunk everywhere, and you can hover with the nozzle, and you have to collect these little sun things called...
Are these suns or are they stars? Now I can't actually remember. Oh yeah, you go around collecting shines.
Yes, because Shine Get. Yeah, because Shine Get.
And basically, that's really the game, but like Mario 64, you have like little sub-missions, and you can do different levels different ways, and that I think really gives the game a lot of replayability.
And you can go around and pick up more shines in the little central town, which is, I guess, kind of the equivalent of Peach's Castle as it was in Mario 64.
And then you can come across an egg, and it turns into a Yoshi after it hatches, and you bring him fruit, and you can ride on Yoshi, and you can spit juice at things and all kinds of stuff.
And Yoshi can tongue things. Ha ha ha ha. That's kind of gross.
So basically, I mean, it was supposed to be, as far as I understand, something born from Super Mario 64 2 that turned into Super Mario 128, and then this is what birthed from it, I guess.
They had started an idea of a game that involved a water pump, and then they thought it would be out of character for Mario, and they tried to do it with a different character, but it ended up working just fine, and there we go.
And of course, the music was done by Koji Kondo, who is one of my heroes, and Shinobu Tanaka. Really good music in the game. I thought it was great.
And of course, for your voice cast, you have Charles Martinet, you have Jen Taylor as Peach, and all kinds of cool people. So, I think that this game is really good, and I played the crap out of it, and Dan played the crap out of it, and I love watching speedruns of this game, too.
And now you all need to play the crap out of it right now.
Yeah, and then watch the crap out of it in the world with the flood. Yeah, that made sense. That sounded better in my head.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Super Mario Sunshine, for the Nintendo GameCube.
Indeed.
Awesome, awesome. Alan Alchemy in chat, hating on your pick, DarkSakura. Really?
Yeah, Alan Alchemy is saying, here is a whole game of water stages. Buy, collect all 60 red coins. Now green, now blue, do it again. Okay, now you can get the shine. Play every stage seven times, do it again. Uh oh, you fell in the water again.
However, he does go on to say, water and ink physics in Sunshine equals proof of concept for Splatoon.
Hmm, yeah.
Possibly.
I thought the game was fun.
I liked Sunshine, it was different.
I did like doing all of, you know, I didn't do like every side quest ever, but you know, I had a lot of fun with it. It was a unique concept.
And that was always the biggest thing that I liked about Nintendo games, especially the Mario series, is that every new one was really something different.
Yeah, and Galaxy was kind of a new thing, too.
Galaxy was great, too.
It's going to be interesting if Super Mario Maker truly is the last 2D Mario game we ever see, which, you know, considering the possibilities are infinite at this point, would make a lot of sense.
It would be very interesting to see what direction Nintendo is going to take Mario officially next, because, I mean, the last time we saw anything outside of a 2D Mario game was Galaxy 2.
That was a while ago at this point, so it would be interesting to see what happens.
See, I really like just a different concept. It makes it something new every time.
So, for me, that's where the joy comes in, all the 3D platformers.
Alright. Well, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Hey, don't go anywhere, guys. We have plenty more show to come.
We need to get into the foogle question of the week, as well as some rapid-fire news, and some other stories as well, including news about Minecraft Story Mode, and, as Jason talked about in the intro, Point Blank X.
I'm really excited about that one.
We'll also get to your calls at 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're going to take a quick break, so that'll all come at you when we come back after this with more of OrangeLoungeRadio.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio.
Live on this September the 20th of 2015 with episode number 614 of our show, In Progress.
DarkSakura back after a month vacation from the show for various reasons, but not here with us tonight.
Techmaster Loki, who unfortunately has a sick kid and couldn't be here at the last minute.
But if he's out there listening, which I doubt he is, he's probably sleeping if he can, or he's unfortunately probably taking care of the sick kid.
Hope he's having an okay night off, all things considered.
Maybe getting a little Wii U time in if nothing else, making a new stage in Mario Maker or something.
We're going to get into some rapid-fire news, but I wanted to mention a few things here at the top of Part B.
First off, I really should have mentioned this is the top of the show, because this is noteworthy at the top of the show.
Even though it has nothing to do with video games.
But did you know DarkSakura, because I unfortunately forgot until I read it on the internet this morning.
Did you know that yesterday was the last episode ever of Saba Del Gigante?
Yesterday was the last episode of Saba Del Gigante.
Don Francisco hanging up his hat after all these years.
What's that?
You don't know Saba Del Gigante?
No.
Oh my god, it's this amazing variety show.
Any Spanish that I can understand is probably because of Saba Del Gigante.
It's like a really cheaply produced variety show that's on Univision, but it's kind of campy in a way.
Because you know a lot of stuff on telenovelas and stuff.
Is it like the gong show?
It's like a little bit of everything.
It's a little bit game show, it's a little bit celebrity, it's a little bit talk show.
It's literally everything. It's a true variety show.
And it ran for a while. It was hours and hours, but at the end it was just like three hours.
But I think it's cool because I was watching some interviews with Don Francisco and stuff leading up to the end of it.
You may not realize, but Don Francisco did that show every single week for 53 years.
And he never missed a week unless A, it was preempted, which happened once in a while because of news and stuff.
B, he missed one show in the 70s when his mom passed away.
No.
But that is amazing discipline, right? To never miss an episode of the show. I just thought that's amazing.
You know it's funny because people ask...
Wow.
What?
I was looking at the first episode date. August 8th, 1962.
Yeah, crazy, right? I think they used to do it in Chile, and then they moved it to Miami in the 80s.
And that's when people started to get to know him more in the United States.
Oh, I know his face.
Yeah, right? Of course you know his face. He's been on TV for over 50 years.
Well, yeah, but I've never watched the show.
I've just seen pictures somewhere.
So there it is. I'm sure they've got to be rerunning it somewhere. I mean that show will be...
And he is Chilean.
The last episode is on YouTube. And thank God because that's the only way I was able to see it.
But actually the President and the First Lady taped a message. I know Gloria Estefan was in it.
And of course all the huge celebrities you would expect to see on the final episode is something that's such a huge part of world culture.
He also did a Chilean version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
That doesn't surprise me whatsoever.
Deal or no deal.
They pretty much ripped off The Price is Right and Press Your Luck and all these other things.
Like all the time.
Act F saying Don Francisco is a living legend. He really is.
Cajudo saying 20 years from now they're going to bring it back.
It's probably inevitable they'll try to bring it back with somebody else in a few years. But you know it's not going to be the same.
So anyway, as somebody who has been doing the same thing every week and not even with that kind of discipline that Don Francisco...
I mean I've missed way more than one week of this show.
But as somebody who's been doing this for a very long time.
People ask, when is OLR going to end?
And now you have an answer.
54 years. Because we have to one up Don Francisco.
That's right.
54 years.
Sound good?
If we were to title our episode, that's what this episode should be called.
54 years?
54 years.
Let me think. That would be 41 more years from today.
So I would be doing this show until I'm 78 years old.
I'll be older than you.
I don't even know. I probably wouldn't even remember. My memory is nothing now.
I'd probably be sitting here doing this show going, what's a video game?
Back in the classic game of the week. Halo 50. Thanks Bobby.
I'm still not going to pick Halo motherfuckers.
Yeah, that'll be it. I'll never pick Halo.
It'll be Dragon Age What's a Dragon.
Brad from Pod Culture in our channel. I'm saying Sky, you're 20% there already.
There's another possible episode title. 20% of Sabado Higate we got right here on Orange Lawns Radio.
From now on, when people ask, how long have you been doing Orange Lawns Radio?
I'm only going to speak in terms relative to Sabado Higante.
I'm going to say about 20% of the time that Sabado Higante was on the air.
You've been podcasting a long time. Well, you know what?
Don Francisco did it for 53 years for fuck's sake. I can go for it.
We just need a, we, that's it, Rob, you know what you need in this room and I'm going to do that for us.
What?
A framed picture of him.
I, I, I do. I consider Don Francisco an inspiration.
I really do with, with the, the, the commitment that he had to his art.
Right next to a Hildebrand picture.
Why not? Let's get it up. Let's get a Don Francisco picture.
We just need the shrine of our inspiration.
Absolutely.
Even though I don't like Hildebrand, I know you do.
ActDeafed in our chat pointing out that, uh, the show does last three hours.
So we're kind of like Sabado Higante.
At one point, didn't they go for eight hours?
I swear Don Francisco was like on all day long at one point, but maybe it was just reruns or something.
Anyway, we can talk about Sabado Higante for another three hours, but we won't.
Other things I wanted to mention here.
Um, Tigerclaw was a little surprised in our chat room at the classic game of the week because he pointed out that, uh, we have not yet mentioned that ghosts and goblins celebrating 30 years this week.
Didn't I already do that?
I, I kind of feel like you probably did, but still.
I'm sure I did.
I wanted to mention that. I mean, that's still worth mentioning.
We were at that point though, with a lot of 8-bit games, you're going to hit, keep hitting that 30th anniversary with a lot of the 8-bit era because you know, the NES at this point is a 30 year old console.
So I don't really think about games about those anniversaries either because I'm sure it goes, goes and ghosts and ghosts and goblins gets played like at least once a week in my house.
Yeah.
Oh shit. I forgot to mention the other game I played while I was sick.
What's that?
Super Metroid.
But you know what, ghosts and goblins has like just over half on Sabato Higante.
So I'm just saying.
When we get to the 53rd anniversary.
Girl.
Then we'll, then we'll talk.
Uh, GamerX, Fog Network, sponsor of, uh, GamerX and, uh, I'm going to be there for the third year.
Dark Soccer is going to be there and some of our other podcasting pals are going to be there.
And I can tell you it's on the schedule.
Podcast cross zone three is going to be happening, uh, at, uh, GamerX this year, which is in San Jose, which is a big move for them.
But in my personal opinion, it's a great, it's a, it's a great step up.
I love San Francisco, but boy is San Francisco expensive.
So San Jose is a great town too.
And, uh, the rooms, Dark Soccer and I finally, I got up off my ass and reserved a room.
We got a suite.
We're going to stay in it.
We have the suite suite.
Queen suite fit for a queen.
And I'm like, this is how much we paid at the international last year.
So what the fuck? Let's do it.
I thought it came out a little bit less.
I think it did come out less money.
Cause I remembered like we had just three people in our room right last time.
Yeah. It was me, you and Alan.
And I paid you something like 250 bucks.
So this is much better.
So, uh, yeah, uh, very excited about GamerX.
Uh, we are doing podcast cross zone three and joining us on the panel.
I believe I'm going to use the word tentatively because I'm going off my memory here and I may or may not be right.
Uh, but it's going to be, uh, myself moderating and on the panel itself.
Dark Sakura will be back on the panel.
Our buddy captain spike from game buoy.org will be there.
Uh, Mario or sly red Panda from La Palanca podcast is going to be there.
And that's going to be awesome because, uh, that kind of diversifies, not just the fact that, you know, we're all around the spectrum there,
but, but bringing a little internationalness to the show and La Palanca started, uh, as an idea that was born of the first panel we ever did.
So that's kind of really exciting to revisit that two years later.
So it's cool that he's going to be joining us and DJ Kirkland from the joystick jockey is going to be joining us this year.
And he does a lot with a smash and commentary and all that good stuff.
So that'll be really exciting.
And then I know we're going to have a representative from game bar.
I'm pretty sure tubes. He's doing it again.
So it's going to be a fun panel again this year, and I'm sure lots of fun folks, uh, joining us there as well.
And we'll give a shout out to all the podcasters in the audience as we always do.
So check that out.
That'll be a Friday at gamer X, which is happening, uh, December.
I'm doing these dates off the top of my head, 11th through 13th in San Jose.
So very excited about that.
All right.
Act after very excited to hear that, uh, La Palanca is being represented on the panel this year.
I think that's very, I love the fact that they kind of got together after that first year and they're still doing their thing.
So it's like, we can talk about all these years later.
Uh, the focus is I believe this year on creating quality content and positive content and, uh, basically creating content that, that isn't like sitting around talking shit.
You know what I mean? Like talking a little shit, you know, you're always going to riff on things a little bit,
but with all the negativity that's been in gaming in the past year, unfortunately, we want to put a different spin on that and talk a little bit more about creating quality content.
So I'm really excited.
That makes me happy.
Yeah, me too.
That's the focus this year.
So, uh, we don't want to just be podcasters getting up on the stage saying, listen to our podcast.
We want to have a message there, so that'll be exciting.
So I will be plugging that lots and lots as December gets closer.
All right.
Finally, we've talked a lot.
We've and, and somebody in chat was asking just a minute ago, does that mean we're going to talk about nothing but Don Francisco tonight?
Possibly.
Would that be a problem?
Anyway.
Uh, let's get into some rapid fire news and then we'll get to the Fugu question of the week and your calls later.
Dark Soccer starting us off with rapid fire news tonight.
A game that I love that I played on iOS for a while is, um, a cave game called, uh, Mushihimesama, which is pretty much like Bug Princess.
Um, so basically you go around blasting bugs, but it's a cave shooter, but it's a walking cave shooter.
So, um, it comes in normal, arranged, and novice.
It will have, um, different other difficulty levels.
Um, a soundtrack DLC, a leaderboard, two player co-op, um, and a remixed version of the game, uh, it's going to be 20 bucks.
It's absolutely worth it and it will be out on Steam.
Um, don't have, it'll just be in the winter.
They have a release date on it.
Um, King of Fighters XIV is coming out on PS4.
Um, it will be in 2016, they don't say exactly when, but it has the 3D, um, style models, kind of like how Street Fighter IV and V do.
And, um, it's looking pretty good.
Also, Shovel Knight is getting a new playable character.
Um, it's, uh, looks like, uh, the content's being called Plague of Shadows, and you will be playing the Plague Knight.
And basically, I don't know if anyone's ever seen, like, the old, um, medieval, um, plague masks that look like the big long bird noses, but that's what the Plague Knight looks like.
Yeah.
So, that's pretty cool.
He's like the first or second boss you fight in the main game, so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I think it's pretty awesome.
It's kind of neat that they're exploring that. Awesome.
I always liked that character just for the nod to history, because you knew me in history.
Mm-hmm.
ActDeftInChats says, Plague Knight is awesome, and correct me saying, third boss.
My bad.
My bad.
Totally my bad.
Uh, let's move on to some other, uh, quick announcements out of Tokyo Game Show.
This one a little bit surprising, honestly.
Uh, do you guys remember the game Gravity Rush that was on the Vita?
Uh, I feel like they gave it away on PlayStation Plus for an awfully long time, and so it kind of, kind of gave that perception, maybe didn't do so well, which is too bad.
I mean, it's not a knock on the game, because sometimes games of a quality, uh, don't always take off right away.
But somebody has picked up on the quality of Gravity Rush, because Gravity Rush is getting an HD remake for the PlayStation 4.
That's pretty cool.
And a sequel.
So that is awesome.
Uh, Gravity Rush Remastered dated February 9th in North America.
So if you haven't checked out the game on the Vita, because, you know, you didn't pick up a Vita like a lot of people didn't, uh, you can check that out.
Gravity Rush HD.
Uh, Final Fantasy Agito Plus was going to be coming out to the PlayStation Vita, but it got cancelled.
Womp womp.
That's right.
It was announced on Twitter that Final Fantasy Agito Plus was announced last year, and it was going to come out on the PlayStation Vita, but, uh, not so much.
Bye.
And, lastly, let's talk Splatfest.
I was talking about this earlier in the show, and I alluded to the fact that, yes, art beats science, unfortunately.
But I guess if the game is about, you know, drawing everywhere, I can see where Team Art probably had a little bit of a, little bit of a, uh, uh, edge there.
But here's the thing.
Not only did they win, but it's like the absolute, like, closest, maybe not the closest, but pretty damn close.
Popularity, 51 to 49 percent.
And then wins.
Also, 51 to 49 percent.
I mean, that's fucking close.
That's like 2,000 presidential election close.
But who says that art and science can't work together?
Nintendo.
Well, fuck what they say.
No.
But, here's the thing you might not.
So you know about the art and science thing, but did you know that in Japan, funny beat straight.
Not, like, straight as in orientation.
Like, the straight man.
Like, playing it straight.
Yeah.
Like, funny.
So, uh.
You have the comedian, you have the straight man.
Sukomi.
Funny.
One.
In Japan.
Uh, so that one.
And in Europe, I like this one.
Messy bedroom beat tiny, tidy bedroom.
Not tiny bedroom.
Tidy bedroom.
When I say tiny bedroom, I think of those IKEA showrooms.
Messy bedroom beat tidy bedroom.
And is that really a surprise?
I mean, shit.
You've seen my room.
We all know what team I'd be on.
Well, in Japan?
No, that was Europe.
Europe, uh.
Europe was messy bedroom and tidy bedroom.
Japan was funny and straight.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was about to say, cause, I mean.
So there you go.
Splatfest around the world.
We're gonna go around the world now and read some of your comments in a segment we call the Fugal Question of the Week.
It's beautiful.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, we ask a question of our Facebook community at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and our Google Plus community at google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
And you slam Fugal and Google, Facebook and Google together and you get Fugal.
And here it is, the Fugal Question of the Week.
Talking about the GameStop news from earlier.
Apparently GameStop no longer going to be selling hardware bundles that come with digital copies of games.
So what do you guys think of this?
Do you think consoles should come with tangible copies of games?
Or have you gotten used to games being delivered digitally these days?
What do you guys think?
Over on Facebook, Tigerclaw said, doesn't matter if you buy a console that doesn't come with any bundle.
Cause at the end of the day, your Playstation Network or Xbox Live account will have access to all the games you purchased or got free digitally.
Haseo Sumeruagawa says, I personally enjoy tangible copies of games like the Arkham Knight bundle I just got.
Had a physical copy and I was so happy for that because it saves on my internet data allowance.
Am I the only one that has never had a problem with the internet data allowance?
And we do this show. But I just, honestly, I don't pay attention to it.
And if they're sending me Nastagrams, I'm throwing them away.
How much porn are they downloading?
I don't know. Well, I mean, I'm not saying, you know, everybody's different. Every household's different.
We only have two people to share the internet here, but we use a lot of internet. We use a lot of internet here.
Mike C. replied and said, I don't mind digital games, but if Playstation and Microsoft want us to switch from physical to digital,
they need to make consoles with sufficient hard drives.
Having external hard drives for Xbox One and Playstation 4 messes up the aesthetics of my entertainment center.
GameStop can die a slow and painful death as far as I'm concerned.
Don't hold back now. But that's a good point. My Playstation 4 hard drive is full.
I keep having to remove shit from it. I think I'm at the point where I probably should install an external drive.
But I get what Mike is saying. It's very crowded in my little entertainment center.
Ragenator says, if a console game is available both digitally and physically, I much prefer the physical version.
Usually there's no price difference whatsoever between the two, so I figure I may as well save some hard drive space.
Fabrice A. replied and said, I never bought digital games until lately.
The free games with gold somehow made me feel accustomed to digital games.
I still love a physical copy, though. It looks nice to have on a shelf of games.
And physical games feel less disposable than their digital counterparts.
Somehow physical games feel realer. Interesting.
And I never thought of the perspective that the free games get you used to it.
That's a really interesting observation that I didn't think about.
But you're probably absolutely right on that, is that the free games get you used to going into the store,
getting used to how easy it is to push button, get game. Very easy.
Guillermo R. replied and said, I want a physical copy.
I need to be sure that the games will be available for re-download if I decide to uninstall it to make space for other games.
Specifically with Nintendo. I don't trust their digital download services at all.
Jordan T. says, if given the choice, I will always take the physical copy.
However, now with so many new games being accompanied with day one patches and heavy network integration, it's almost irrelevant.
At some point, as games keep getting bigger, it will make less sense to develop new, cost-effective physical means to store and distribute them.
And if or when the servers get abandoned, you may lose the ability to play some of these games' physical copies or not.
But for now, having a tangible copy feels more secure and less like I'm giving my money to rent a game for an undetermined amount of time.
You know, Jordan brings up an interesting point in his response. What comes after Blu-ray?
Maybe nothing. Maybe Blu-ray is the last tangible format because everything goes digital now.
And it's just the speed of which you get that digital information keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
I mean, if you think about also 30 years ago, most of us were still on what?
2400 baud modems were how we were getting, you know, information across the quote-unquote internet or the bulletin board systems at that time.
I mean, how fast have we come from 2400 baud modems to now in our, you know, megabit connections?
And think about how much more that's going to progress in 30 more years when we've been doing this show as long as Don Francisco.
I told you I would work in more references.
William Murderface says, from a business perspective, it makes more sense to increase the number of potential used games in the system.
And it also seems like an attempt to forestall the loss of one of GameStop's biggest sources of revenue.
Personally, I don't care because as someone who primarily games on PC, I've been used to this for a long time.
And honestly prefer DRM-free digital versions at this point.
Andy R. says, I prefer physical games, so I still prefer my bundles come with them as well.
I won't get all shook up if they don't, though.
And Hitstun on Facebook says, I'd rather have a physical library than a digital library, but both have their places.
I can loan out my physical games to friends, but cheap digital games are hard to resist.
I paid full price to download Smash, Mario Kart, and Tetris on my 3DS, so I can always boot those up if someone challenges me to a game.
You know, interesting point about loaning them out.
You know, remember, Microsoft supposedly had an idea with Xbox One about loaning out games.
Now, granted, you know, they got shot down because of some of the other restrictions on the Xbox One.
But Steam sorta does this with the family sharing.
I mean, I can play Alan's games whenever I want.
And it's very rare that we overlap, because usually he's playing Diablo or something not on Steam, so it's very easy for me to get in his library.
And I even, I played Pac-Man Championship Edition on his Steam first, and then I ended up buying it during, like, one of those Humble Bundles anyway.
So it's like, you know, I still ended up getting a copy of it.
Let's see, we do have some answers over on Google+, so I wanna make sure we get to those too.
Redertainment says, I just had a bad thought.
Retailer exclusive bundles.
Not like the kind of special bundles that the retailers do, but like when I bought my PlayStation 4 via a Best Buy Black Friday bundle.
I mean bundles that are exclusive to certain retailers that are promoted as such by console manufacturers.
Man, I need to get that thought out of my mind.
Hello, pumpkin beer.
Well, Redertainment, I hope you have a pumpkin beer six-pack, because you know what?
That Wii U, that bundle I got Loki last week, exclusive to Walmart here in the US.
And that even came with a special colored Amiibo.
And you can't get that anywhere else in the US, at least right now anyway, but in that bundle.
So, have another beer for me, Redertainment.
Act Deaf going on a mini rant and apologizing for it.
The question for me is, do I care about what GameStop does nowadays?
No, I don't.
They don't want my business, so fuck them and whatever thing they want to do.
So, Act Deaf completely disregarding the question, because for some people GameStop is just not an option anyway.
And I can certainly understand that.
I rarely shop there.
And I'm always afraid I'm saying this name wrong, so I apologize.
Is it Martin? I think it's Martin D.
Replies and says, on the one hand, I think physical copies represent a better value because you can trade them or sell them.
And it's nice to own a box with artwork, so I'm in favor of this.
On the other hand, GameStop is doing this purely for selfish reasons.
There are revenue coming mostly from reselling used games.
They're trying to combat the digital market where there's no place for them.
As for digital versus physical, seeing how you can get a physical game cheaper from Amazon than buying a digital.
I see absolutely no reason to go digital.
Well, what if I don't want to wait for Amazon?
I want to have it now.
I want it now.
I want the world. I want the whole world.
Yeah, Rob.
We can't get what we want.
But we might find what we need.
Ragenator reminding us in our chat room of some of the bullshit he put up with with the digital downloads last year with all the videos.
He called into the show. Remember he had all those videos?
That's a good argument for why not to go digital, quite honestly.
Anyway, thank you all for your response to the Fugu Question of the Week.
Appreciate that. Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
And yes, people are still on Google+.
I always feel the need to say that after this segment.
Let's move on back into some long form news.
And this is a pretty big deal, you guys.
Nintendo has a brand new president.
Of course, Satoru Iwata tragically passed away about a month ago.
But the show must go on, as they say.
And we knew that Nintendo was going to appoint a new president, and they did.
And it was not Miyamoto or Takeda.
Nintendo's new president, Tatsume Kimishima, is the new president of Nintendo.
Now if you recognize that name, it's because he used to be the president of Nintendo America.
So it's interesting because we all pretty much knew Reggie Fils-Aime was not going to lead all of Nintendo.
But it's interesting that his predecessor is.
So, oops, we knew that Reggie wouldn't do it, but who would have guessed his predecessor?
Well, maybe a few of you did, I don't know.
But Tatsume Kimishima is now the one leading Nintendo.
And of course, Tatsume Kimishima led Nintendo of America when the Wii launched and the 3DS launched,
which are both pretty big deals.
Also, formerly president of Pokemon in 2001.
Pokemon America in 2001.
So, I mean, this guy's qualified.
And now that you hear all this, you know, you go, okay, yeah, that makes sense.
It seems like a good choice, right?
Yeah.
You know what else is interesting about Kimishima is that in the report that came from Nikkei announcing this change,
it's reported that Mr. Kimishima predicted that the Wii U would fail when it was originally introduced by warning it was too similar to the original Wii.
So, I don't know if that was a pull quote for sensationalism, but it's interesting to note that he did speak,
I don't want to say he spoke out against the Wii U, but he kind of had an inkling,
the Wii U may not do too well because it was too similar to Wii.
I bet he would have never signed off on the name Wii U.
So, it'll be interesting to see what's going to happen under his leadership.
They say no radical changes going on right now, but it'll be interesting to see what happens with the NX.
They're also saying Nintendo Directs will not be changing.
I imagine the tone when Mr. Awada's passing and now we have Kimishima in there,
the tone may change, the people you see, Kimishima may not be a part of it.
He may decide he doesn't want to do that and he'll leave that with Reggie, Fizame, and Miyamoto,
who could certainly carry those Directs by themselves, or the Treehouse gang and Nintendo has been getting more and more.
So, it'll be interesting to see. I bet the tone and the format of those changes a little bit,
but those Directs are not going to be going away.
I'd be interested to see maybe if they do a tribute to Awada, or if they decide to just look forward.
Because obviously there's been a lot of memorialization going on about Awada, and rightfully so,
but at some point you have to say, all right, now we need to move forward.
I like the Directs, honestly, because it takes control of presentation out of the industry's hand
and puts it directly into Nintendo's. And I think he's, I mean, he's a smart businessman,
he has to recognize that that's a, what's a good word I'm thinking of, that is an advantage for them, you know.
This, and this is in crazy tinfoil hat theory land, so just take this with a huge grain of salt,
get your salt shaker from the kitchen, but I find it an interesting hypothesis.
Some believing that this appointment ship is really temporary, that Kimishima's probably only there for the launch of the NX,
and that the true successor is being bred right now for a more long term.
And some even going so far to call the president of Level 5 Entertainment the one that they're grooming to be the successor,
because of course Level 5 not only does a lot of stuff with Nintendo, but Tokidai Watch is huge in Japan,
and so it'd be very interesting to see if that ended up being true.
But again, that is a crazy tinfoil hat salt shaker theory.
They're probably just waiting for Iwata's clone to be ready.
Well, that's not gonna happen.
It's Nintendo, anything can happen.
So there you go, the new president of Nintendo.
It'll be interesting to see if he decides to be a president like Iwata who's out there a lot,
or if he decides to play more of a, you know, I'm gonna take a back seat,
and I'm gonna let this creative fellow, Mr. Miyamoto, and maybe even Tokidai, whatever his name,
he's also a fellow, a business or whatever his name was, let these guys be the face of Nintendo,
and I'm just gonna take more of a back seat role, and I'll do the stockholder meetings and things like that.
So we'll see. We'll see. It's gonna be an interesting time for change in Nintendo.
I'm very, very, very curious to see how they roll out the NX next year.
We're gonna have our answers in about nine months when E3 2016 rolls around.
It's gonna be very interesting.
All right, moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well, this is kind of unsurprising, really,
because Kickstarter, you know, was the place that they went to for Shenmue 3 for crowdfunding,
and they raised six million,
but now Yu Suzuki is saying that they need at least ten million to make the game all it could be.
And I mean, and people are like, oh, that's gonna be more money,
but Dan and I actually had a talk about this,
and part of what we discussed is that, honestly, with games of this magnitude,
ten million really is kind of a minimum amount.
You know, if you look at the cost of publicity, of distribution, development.
Metal Gear Solid 5, I mean, you know, talking about Konami earlier
and why they probably want to get out of the AAA business,
the development costs for Metal Gear Solid 5 I'm sure were not cheap whatsoever,
and who knows if that game's even gonna make its money back.
I mean, I hope it does, but just, yeah, crazy.
But yeah, I honestly, if you want the game to come out, I would say keep backing it,
just because ten million is really an ambitious goal to release a high quality game.
They're probably gonna need a lot more money than that,
and they're probably gonna have their own support.
Especially, there is another campaign now called the Slacker Backer campaign.
It's by Eastnet. It's supposed to allow people to continue funding the game
and reach even more stretch goals.
So, right now, they're targeting a 2017 late release on PS4 and PC,
but they're hoping that more backers can accelerate that date.
Just for comparison's sake, since we were talking about budget,
looking it up here, Metal Gear Solid 5, The Phantom Pain,
this is according to Wikipedia, so grain of salt, but this sounds realistic.
Eighty million dollars to develop that game.
Yeah.
I mean, that's how much it costs to make a big budget movie, sometimes more than that.
Most of the Marvel movies are probably easily a hundred million.
I mean, think about how much it costs just alone to cast some of those stars that are in the movie.
Anyway, also, The Witcher 3 was 306 million in Polish currency.
So, that translates to about, though, still 96 million dollars for The Witcher 3.
Yeah.
But, I mean, that's why that game is, what, 60 bucks a pop or whatever.
And The Witcher 3 is one of those games that does very well, especially internationally.
Like, it does well enough in the States, but internationally, like in Russia,
and the game is Polish after all, so especially in the Europe and those regions,
that game's done very, very, very well.
So, you know, it's made its money back.
I mean, a lot of money goes into these games.
Well, Witcher 3, especially, though, it got really big attention in the US, so.
But it's tough.
I mean, there's a certain risk that goes with that.
And, you know, with Kickstarter and, you know, paying the money on Kickstarter,
you wait a long time for a game that may or may not ultimately be good, right?
I mean, who's to say Shenmue 3 is even going to be a good game?
I hate to say it.
But if it's still Suzuki behind it?
Yeah.
It's going to be great.
Well, you have that hope, but, you know, I'm sure there was a lot of people out there
that said, man, I'm going to see every M. Night Shyamalan film after The Sixth Sense.
The Sixth Sense was so good.
How can M. Night Shyamalan make a bad movie?
I liked The Village.
Some of the, did you like Avatar, The Last Airbender?
Did you like that one?
Did I go see it?
No.
The one where the wind was killing people?
What the hell was that?
The Happening.
The Happening.
What the hell was that movie where the wind was killing people?
And then I hear this new one.
Shane was texting me just nothing but vile, like, words about this.
The Lady in the Lake?
No, God, that I laughed out loud in the theater at that one.
That one was so fucking bad because didn't they didn't they have like, wasn't the weren't
the bad guys called like a scrunt or something?
And I'm just like, did he call that thing a cunt?
Like, isn't this a kids movie?
No, it's a scrunt.
The scrunt sounds like never mind.
I'm just going to I'm just going to point.
And that's what a scrunt sounds like.
All right.
That's something really tacky popped into my head.
Wasn't that the movie where, like, he cast himself as a film critic or something?
And and oh, my God, like it was such like like that movie he literally pulled out of
his his scrunt.
He pulled that movie out of his scrunt.
That sounds like a combination of like a vagina in the middle of a scrotum.
That's a scrunt.
It's just this weird opening.
And Rob, it's inflamed.
Inflamed Scrunt is going to be the name of my band in Rock Band 4.
Stop making me laugh and cry.
I have a lot of expensive makeup on.
Inflamed Scrunt.
Agdeftinchat says the Happening.
That was stupid.
And Signs.
Oh, my God, Signs.
Disappointing.
See, I actually thought Signs was pretty good.
Signs was good, except for the fact that Mel Gibson's in it.
Well, yeah, but OK.
And spoiler for like a 15 year old movie at this point.
But water killed.
How did the aliens not vaporize when they went into the atmosphere?
Isn't the atmosphere like water?
Maybe it can't be in a gaseous state, but whatever.
I did like the village.
I did think the village was OK.
You know what the best part of the village that was was the music.
Yeah, the music was beautiful in that movie, which I left the imagery in it, though, a whole lot.
It was just.
And but especially like those scenes where everything is quiet and you're getting things from the blind girl's perspective.
Mm hmm.
You know, I can't ever watch that movie again.
Yeah, because once you see it once, oh, well, you know, I can't watch The Sixth Sense again.
Yeah, exactly.
Once you know the twist, it's like, oh, well, shit.
Yeah, but I'm but I liked the movie for the one time I saw it.
All right. Anyway, who knew this would turn into a tangent night here on O.L.R.
Dark Soccer comes back and the tangent train.
It is not my fault.
You're the one that brought up Flaming Scrunts.
You're the one who pointed to your region.
Let's just say Rob was doing the degeneration X crotch chop.
Let's just say saying scrunch.
Some of you guys ask, when are you going to do this on Twitch?
When are you going to do video?
There's reasons why we don't.
And that is Rob was doing the crotch chop over.
That is not I do not need a screen cap of that on the Internet.
I do not. But one thing I might do on Twitch is play Minecraft story mode.
How do you like that transition?
Minecraft story mode is on its way out.
Minecraft story mode is set to release digitally.
It has a date now, October 13th on the PC, Mac, PlayStation four, PlayStation three, Xbox one, Xbox 360, iOS and Android.
After that, on October 15th, Wii U and PlayStation Vita.
Eventually.
The first story episode of Minecraft story mode, the Order of the Stone is the name of that.
And you can get a season pass disc version apparently on October 27th.
But I'm assuming that just means the first one is on the disc and you're still going to have to download all the rest.
So there you go.
Some of the voice actors in the game.
Five episodes and some of the voice actors will be Patton Oswalt.
I love Patton.
I wonder if he must be voicing the main character.
I'll be interesting.
Patton Oswalt, Catherine Tabor, Paul Reubens.
Yeah.
Isn't there a new Peewee movie like happening?
I thought they were working on it.
I hope it's better than Big Top Peewee.
But like the Big Top Peewee was hilarious.
So for how bad parts of it was awful.
But the first Peewee's Big Adventure is like one of my favorite movies of all time.
And the scene tell him large Marge sent you.
That's iconic.
That's it.
That should be the new Silent Hill game.
Just that scene.
Over and over again.
You all know what I'm talking about if you were a kid of the 80's.
Ashley Johnson, Scott Porter and more in Minecraft.
By the way Telltale, you know, they're pretty busy.
They're still doing Game of Thrones.
Those games.
Tales from the Borderlands is still happening.
And another Walking Dead series happening later on.
So they are busy bees over at Telltale.
ActDeaf says fuck sandbox open world Minecraft.
I want my story mode.
You know it's going to be very interesting to see what kind of people this game might draw in.
That don't really play Minecraft otherwise.
I think it will be interesting to see what the crossover looks like.
Because I bet a lot of people that are into Minecraft for the exploration and the building.
Probably don't give two shits about this.
It will be very interesting to see that crossover.
So we'll see.
Alright let's cross on over into our mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails to participate at orangelaundry.com.
If you want to participate with the show again that's participate at orangelaundry.com.
And DarkSakura is back to get into the mailbag herself.
Yay!
So she's going to dive in head first and pull out some of her favorite emails to read right now.
So what's in the mailbag tonight DarkSakura?
A few things.
Especially a double email from Raginator.
So I'm only going to read one of them.
You show him.
They're the same email.
The same email.
Oh.
Did you click send twice?
Is that what happened?
Or did you amend the second one?
I'm going to read whatever the second one is.
Okay.
Hi O.L.R.
Now that it's fall for everyone else in the country but California.
And that equates to what?
Earthquake season for you?
Wildfire season?
Smog season?
The wildfire thing is no joke.
Like there's been.
I mean not directly for us where we live.
But in the surrounding area.
Like people died and stuff.
Where that last biggest wildfire was is Bitty.
Bitty.
Bigger than the entire Sacramento area.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
And if you want to have the shit scared out of you.
There's video of people driving out of it.
Yeah.
And it looks like.
It's crazy.
The physical representation of what everyone thinks hell is supposed to be.
And I'm like no.
Not the wineries.
Because some of it's out in this.
The spas out there for the hot springs?
Yeah.
The house always goes to one after Burning Man and it burned down.
Yeah.
Sad.
It's completely not funny at all.
No.
Not funny at all.
But it's always smog season.
So that's what we deal with.
Natural disasters suck.
And if you want to donate Red Cross.
We should throw that out there.
Yeah.
Um.
Uh.
Invariably the minds of most people typically turn to stuff like football.
The world series.
And possibly going back to school.
Any final cookouts for the year and Halloween.
Um.
Now my question for you three.
Two.
Is as follows.
Are there any games that the.
Two.
He cites three but it's only us here.
Well he didn't know Loki would be out tonight.
Well too bad.
We'll guess.
I'm amending.
We'll guess what Loki would say.
Why don't we do that.
Earth Defense Force.
Alright.
Forever.
Are there any games that the three of you like to play that seem to fit in for lack
of a better phrasing.
Well at this time of year.
Maybe.
Maybe one or two of you like to play some sort of mini tradition of sorts.
At least for me and when I still had consoles.
Always love to play Nightmare Creatures PS1.
Resident Evil 1 through 3 PS1.
Medieval PS1.
All of those had the perfect fall Halloween vibe to them.
Combine them with watching the quintessential 80's Halloween movie.
The Monster Squad.
I'm golden.
Kick him in the nards.
What.
Kick him in the nards.
Wolfman doesn't have nards.
Kicks Wolfman in the nards.
Wolfman has nards.
That was a great movie.
Wow.
We used to actually always break out the laserdisc player and watch Interview with a Vampire
on laserdisc.
Really?
Yep.
Oh my god I haven't seen that movie in years.
Years.
That was kind of our tradition for a long time.
And then Dan with.
God we're going to be coming up on a year of living in our house.
Nice.
But we moved into the house right before Halloween.
And Dan handed out candy while I had the plague.
And he was playing the ghosts and goblins music.
In the background.
Um.
For me.
I mean.
As far as like.
Well the movie end of it.
I mean.
I've been involved with Rocky Horror for years and years.
And even though I retired last year.
They still talked me into hosting the shows here in Sacramento.
We bought Showgirls one year.
Yeah.
Showgirls is a Halloween tradition for a little bit.
I'm actually doing Rocky Horror on Halloween this year.
So I can't do Showgirls unless we do it.
We should get Miss Monet.
Cause she'll be pooped from Showgirls.
And we should.
Or from.
Now I'm getting my lines scratched.
She'll be pooped from Rocky Horror.
And we can maybe do a Showgirls thing like the day after or something.
That would be fun.
That sounds fun.
That would be fun.
So Rocky Horror usually is my thing in the Halloween season.
Cause I mean there was a time.
When I was performing with the San Francisco cast.
I swear to god it was like four shows.
Every single weekend.
In the month of October.
I mean it was busy.
As far as games go.
Um.
I always like to do Friday the 13th for the cheesy factor.
I'm not as big on scary games.
But I will say this.
I think I have a new one.
And I think.
I think this year on Halloween or around maybe the night before Devil's Night or something.
I need to do the PT demo.
I think that needs to be like the new thing.
Because PT.
The game that.
It's gonna let you play it.
Just.
Fucking.
Won't.
Ever happen.
And I'm so upset about it.
Oh.
Oh and Loki would say.
Earth Defense Force.
Clearly.
Or Twisted Metal.
Or San Andreas.
Yes.
Some.
GTA.
There you go.
You know what.
Hmm.
We should.
Um.
I feel like we're playing the new Leo Ed game with Loki.
Where we're writing the answers down on the cards this week.
And the next week we'll ask him and we'll see what matches.
No.
See this year though.
It won't be him playing any of those games.
Cause he'll still be working on his.
Good point.
Good point.
Yeah.
Hearts hearts.
Love you mean it.
SSG100Matt says interview with the vampire is the second R rated movie I saw.
The first being T2.
You know what my first R rated movie was.
Hmm.
Misery.
You know what I think mine was?
Hmm.
Actually was it rated R?
Poltergeist?
Poltergeist was PG.
Believe it or not.
It was.
Because there was no PG-13 back then.
PG-13 didn't come till the mid 80's.
I want to say Indiana Jones in 88 or so was the first PG-13.
Maybe I'm wrong.
That.
That was definitely.
I mean cause.
No.
Gremlins.
No.
Gremlins was the second one.
Gremlins was PG.
I thought.
No.
Gremlins was PG-13.
No.
That's not the original.
PG-13 didn't exist till the late 80's.
Cause I saw Gremlins when it came out.
I've seen a shit load of movies that I probably shouldn't have seen as a kid.
That's why they had to come out with PG-13 cause they had all these fucked up things in
PG movies.
Like Gremlins and stuff was kind of messed up.
I should look up rated R movies from when I was a kid.
I am going to PG-13 and let's see.
The addition of PG-13 was introduced in July 1984 was when that came out.
And it was because of complaints of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and Gremlins
specifically cited as a reason why PG-13 exists.
So there you go.
Yeah.
Cool story.
Alright.
Next email?
Oh I remember what it was I saw when I was six years.
When I was not six.
Yeah I was six years old.
I saw Blade Runner and it was rated R. I thought.
Maybe.
Fast Times at Ridgemont High was also rated R.
Pretty sure that one was R.
Yeah.
Alright anyway.
Anyway.
So yeah I'm just like.
Cause I got to see a whole bunch of movies that I probably should have seen when I was
a kid.
Next email.
Let me get back to Le Box.
One from YYR that says an indie not named Mindy.
Hello LR.
Good job making the most of last week's show after running along from the first half and
welcome back Jamie.
Aw thank you.
You're sweet.
The only thing I wanted to mention that was skipped from my email last week is that Shenmue
2 was sort of released for Dreamcast in the US in the form of EB Games stocking limited
quantities of the European version shortly after it released.
Did anyone here besides me grab a copy?
I must admit I got a little giddy when Rob mentioned the fantastic Commodore 64 version
of Donkey Kong as I too.
Because that's the one I played the most.
Spent quite a bit of time playing it.
It has the pie factory level.
It does have the pie factory.
I thought it was cement.
It is but especially on the Commodore 64 it looked like pie.
The animated intro and just about everything else the arcade version has.
It's not perfect but I don't think they could have done any better.
So you guys mused about what might be replacing Xbox Live Indie games in the future.
Well to us they are recommending two different options.
One is of course the ID at Xbox program where the independent developers can self publish
to Xbox One.
They only need to pay to get games rated by the ratings board however.
Intellectual property insurance is also required.
The total cost to actually release a game costs upwards of $5,000.
On the plus side the games are treated the same way as if any other major developer published
them.
The other course they are recommending is to develop for Windows 10.
Actually they are offering all XBLIG developers free subscription to Windows 10 developer programs.
It is heavily rumored that Windows 10 games will be able to run on Xbox One in the future.
Though my suspicion is that these games will be off to the side in a separate area just as
Xbox Live Indie games were.
We'll have to wait and see but if I were a betting man I'd put money down that this will
become the closest thing to the new formal console self-publishing program that anyone
can use like Xbox Live Indie games.
I'm just going to throw this out there Aaron YYR because you know and we talked a lot
about how appreciative I am of your games and how much I believe in some of your ideas
and so forth.
I think if ever there was a reason to use crowd sourcing here's your chance.
So if you need to raise $5,000 or whatever to get your games on Xbox One legitimately
or whatever the case may be I would plug that crowd fun Kickstarter thing every week here
on this program and I would even kick in I would kick in at least a hundred bucks myself
whatever I can afford.
So you're one fiftieth of the way there for what it's worth.
Just saying.
This is an exciting time.
That does not go for everybody just YYR only YYR.
May I finish?
Yeah sorry.
This is an exciting time for Indie and all other games really.
I have a lot of feeling that we're going to both learn about and experience a whole lot
over this next year.
Thanks in advance for presenting a lot of that to a lot of that to us.
I know I'll be listening whenever I can.
Oh yeah is the future.
Maybe Aaron YYR and last email.
By the way Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying I would plug the crowd funding too and he
doesn't even listen to my show.
There you go.
You got two shows willing to back you up.
I could get you guest spots on other shows.
Just saying.
I know people that know people that occasionally do lunch with people.
Go ahead next email.
I'm still waiting.
For what?
Put the mic on your desk.
I'll put it against my scrunt.
I'm glad I didn't throw the napkin away because next time I'm throwing it at you.
Hello Sky Dark Sakura and Loki.
It's your second Belgian listener here.
Martin.
I don't know if I really qualify as Belgian listener anymore.
I've moved to Atlanta recently.
My wife is American.
So from now on I can listen to you guys live.
Yay.
Sadly didn't run into you guys during Dragon Con.
Maybe next year.
No I'm sorry.
This is worth picking up the mic for.
You were there?
You were at Dragon Con?
You didn't say hi?
My story this week is my conversion.
We plugged the panels like five times.
Alright whatever.
From a PC to a PS4 gamer.
I have been a PC gamer for over 15 years.
However since reaching adulthood I find that gaming takes up less of my time.
So I've been doing some light gaming on my MacBook Pro.
Yay.
But for demanding games it doesn't cut it anymore.
I'm excited about upcoming games such as Star Wars Battlefront, Mafia III, etc.
I was thinking about buying a new gaming PC but the investment is easily $700 without the monitor.
I got a PS4 The Last of Us bundle on sale for $380 with tax.
And got a free copy of Madden 16.
This is basically half the price of a gaming PC.
And I can just use my TV as a monitor.
It also doubles as a DVD and Blu-ray player.
My retina MacBook doesn't have one of those.
Another factor was VR.
To build a gaming PC that handles VR you are looking for $1000 easily according to the people at Oculus.
The PS4 will do Morpheus out of the box.
Except it's probably still going to be expensive.
In summary, I figured out I just don't have room in my life for a desktop PC anymore.
I couldn't justify the cost.
I will probably keep gaming on my MacBook Pro when cool games or sales are on Steam that it can handle.
Do you guys have any recommendations for PS4 games?
I love story driven games.
Could I add you guys as friends on PS4?
I currently don't have any.
I'm on, I think, as DarkSakuraOLR.
I will be your friend.
GreenSky, but you have to spell it G-R-E-E-N-S-K-I-E.
That's the only way to find me.
And if you do send me an ad, please tell me who you are.
Yeah, please.
Because I don't accept blank ones because I assume they're random people I played games with.
And I only want people I have somewhat of a connection with.
Well, on top of that though, I mean, honestly at my house I have a gaming PC.
I have my MacBook Pro for actually doing real work on and playing other games.
And I have a PS4.
I can't believe I'm going to recommend this because he's asking about story driven PS4 games.
But if you are a fan of the scary games and psychological games, you'd probably really get a kick out of Until Dawn.
Because a lot of people really love that game right now.
A lot of people really love that game.
I love puzzle games a whole bunch, so Dan imported Puyo Puyo Tetris for me.
And that is super fun.
I think I haven't had such a good time with a puzzle game since like the last Puyo Puyo game.
I mean, I love Puyo Puyo. What am I talking about?
I do like Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
I love that game.
That was good.
So good.
That's only what, 20 bucks to download?
Dragon Age Inquisition.
I knew you'd say that.
Fuck yeah.
That'll probably show up in a flash sale before too long because that's been out a little while now.
Yeah, but it's got fresh DLC.
True.
Thanks as always for doing the show you guys.
Keep me entertained on the podcast during work.
Keep it up at least to episode 666.
Wink.
All the best, Martin.
We have a new goal now as of tonight.
54 years.
So that's something to look forward to.
Indeed.
All right.
By the way, I was reading something today that I thought would be of interest.
What's that?
You know, Margaret Cho is doing a new tour called Sci Cho.
Oh yeah, I'd heard about that.
And she's also an ordained licensed minister.
So she was talking in an interview that she's going to start doing weddings at her shows.
Oh fun.
Yeah.
Oh, are you making a suggestion?
Just saying.
You have to talk to the other one about that.
He's listening.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll see.
But see, here's the thing.
I love her and I always will, but she hasn't been funny in a while.
Is she done with the political tangents?
I don't know.
I need her to...
She seems to go by talking to her mom.
When she was talking about stuff like her mom and fisting, that was funny.
Like, I like her when she's a dirty pervert, but that's maybe because I am.
I was going to say, speaking of Dragon Con, so I can't believe this listener of ours was there.
But I know Dragon Con's a busy place.
I'm not giving you crap.
Maybe just a little bit.
But I was going to say for you, DarkSucker, I don't know if you know, I met Jay.
Your pal that you see.
Yeah, he sent me pictures.
You saw the picture, huh?
My coworker at Locat.
Yes.
So now he's met two of the three of us.
Yes.
In a different state each.
In a different state each.
And he bought me a lot of booze one time.
My third time in Georgia.
The first time I met him, I paid for him a whole bunch of games of DDR.
The second time we hung out, he paid for a whole bunch of me games of DDR and sent me to a pub and got me very drunk.
And I got a fun sunburn.
And then the third time, he drove all the way from Pensacola to Mobile just to go to Steak and Shake with me.
That's awesome.
And he bought me theater them.
That's awesome.
Because he's such a nice guy.
What a nice guy.
And we chat at work sometimes.
I met kind of the family, too.
I mean, not that everybody wants to hear about this personal shit on the show, but you know, whatever.
You get tangents sometimes here on OLR.
I thought it was interesting because him and his girlfriend came up to just, they didn't go to Dragon Con.
They just walked around downtown looking at costumes.
That's cool.
And they did the giving blood thing because you didn't need a ticket to Dragon Con to do that, obviously.
That's cool.
And I just thought that was awesome, yeah.
So I met them outside the hotel.
He's such a sweetie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good guys.
If he can go from Florida to meet me, then you can go from another part of Atlanta to meet me.
I will say this as well about the drinking thing.
Bobby took me to a new place this year.
He took me to that Battle and Brew place where he did the VR show from a few weeks, or I guess it was months ago at this point.
He did like a live show there.
So that's where I had my first drink at Dragon Con this year.
But I must admit, this year was probably my soberest Dragon Con yet.
I don't remember getting like flat out drunk.
Like even Sue's Gummy Bears didn't get me drunk.
Wait till I finish making you that thing.
I know, right?
You're so excited about the thing.
Does anybody want to know what the thing is?
Pumpkin spice candy corn vodka.
You know I am.
I am that teenage girl that loves all things pumpkin spice.
So bring it on.
S2100mattinchat saying,
Come to Magfest.
Sadly, all hotels nearby are booked.
Probably more will open up.
Well, guess what, buddy?
I am coming to Magfest and we did get a hotel room.
I'm staying in a podcast collaborative thing with my buddy Jonko from Koopa Club and Derek with RPG Fan.
We're all staying.
We got a place for Magfest.
I'm very excited because Derek's never been to Magfest either.
So we're all kind of, Jonko's been though.
So that's going to be exciting.
I'm very, very happy about it.
Brad from Paw Culture says,
I wasn't there with Absinthe and Fireball.
Damn it, Brad.
I missed you and I hope you're back this next year.
And Rama wants to know if we're in the Gaylord.
No, it's one of the other.
It was the first overflow hotel they opened up.
I don't remember which one.
I'll have to ask Jonko.
He figured it out.
All right.
Was that it for emails?
Yup.
All right.
Participate at Orangeloundtrader.com if you want to send us a mail for a future week.
In the meantime, it is time to get to the FUs of the week.
We've got to get a little bit angsty on this show.
Why?
Because...
Um, I guess just FU to the weirdness of my stomach and being hungry right now, but being
afraid to eat because I don't know what's going to make me sick.
But I really fucking want chicken strips.
You're like me when I'm drunk now.
My FU of the week goes to...
I'm just...
I had to get up early.
I didn't have to.
I did it totally by choice.
I did not sleep in at all this weekend.
So FU did not sleeping in all weekend because I got up at 6.30 yesterday to take the car
into the shop because I wanted to get there early because then I knew being a weekend
I'd get it in quick.
So I did that.
And then today, and y'all make fun of me, but I don't give a fuck.
Today I got up at 6 a.m. to go play Ingress this morning with some friends downtown at
like 7.
So yeah, FU to the fact that I've been getting up early.
But I have to be up early for work tomorrow anyway.
So I'm considering this conditioning myself to be able to get up at 6 a.m. with no problems
because I am not a morning person.
Just so you know.
All right.
Moving on.
We got just a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then guess what?
We're finally going to open those phones.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype.
Everybody's on Skype these days.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
This is about Mega Man Legacy Collection.
You know, the Mega Man Legacy Collection, it's already been out.
It came out and, you know, you can play that on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The timing on it is so weird.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, we noticed.
Fine.
Well, no, no, no.
Interesting.
Because the timing was off just a bit for the jumps.
Really?
And so...
Did you see my video?
I cleared that with no...
I know.
All right.
Well, Dan's done it too.
I know.
But I was actually watching it and then we actually busted out the Nintendo.
And the timing on it, the actual...
I think without the flicker or relative slowdown in the game,
it makes it actually a little more challenging.
Well, this is interesting.
Nintendo 3DS will be getting a version of the Mega Man Legacy Collection
and it's going to support Amiibo.
That's right.
There's going to be ten more challenges that will be unlocked by the,
of course, Mega Man Amiibo.
And that is coming out on the 3DS sometime early next year.
So that's it.
The Mega Man Amiibo gives you some more challenges.
That's really it.
Probably a bit of a thanks for waiting some extra time for the game.
But I bet there's some people that'll be buying this so they can play it on the go.
I don't know anybody that'll pick up the virtual console version of these games now
because this will be cheaper, I imagine.
But it'll be very interesting to put the virtual console in this side by side,
Dark Sakura, and see if that timing thing is still an issue or what.
I'd be very curious about that.
Me too.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys.
And if you heard Jason's intro,
I think this is the one you've all been waiting for here at the end of the show.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, yeah.
I love that I gave you all that buildup.
Here it is.
The big one.
The one you've been waiting for.
Dark Sakura, take it away.
What?
No, it was.
I was on Tumblr.
What?
I actually was on Tumblr.
Of course you were.
I was looking at pictures of nugs.
Of scrunch?
Ew.
Dark Sakura.
Point blank.
There we go.
Stop it, Rob.
Usually I have, like, Logie just to talk over me so I can take advantage of the time for Tumblr.
Just thank 39 more years of this.
Girl.
So, um, point blank.
Is it X or ten?
I guess it's X.
I think it's X.
I don't think there have been ten point blank games.
There was at least two.
Maybe three.
Yeah, I guess.
Um, point blank.
X is in development for arcades.
Thank you, Namco.
We love you.
Point blank is, like, the best shooting game series ever, too.
You did this at the Classic Game of the Week not that long ago.
And I remember saying, like, I really want this game to come back.
And I almost feel like somebody's listening.
I almost feel like somebody's listening.
Well, and the thing about the point blank games that I think is really fun about it is that they were all shooting gallery.
They're all mini games and they were super fun.
You had all kinds of different, uh, type of, uh, things you could shoot.
All of that special fun Namco art that was, uh, stylized specifically for the point blank series.
Um, so we had, um, the first one.
And then the second one was point blank two, of course.
It came out in 1999.
In 2000 we had Gunballina, which came out, um, as point blank three.
Um, and now we're, we're getting point blank X.
I hope we get a home version.
Man, I thought it, I, I really hope so.
Looking at the prototype of the cabinet is actually pretty neat looking, too.
But, man, I love myself some point blank.
I mean, I would just be thrilled if we get a new point blank and get it for home.
I mean, did I tell you, though, that Dan and I picked up a CRT monitor, uh, monitor, CRT, uh, CTV?
One of the old WEGAs.
Just so you could play point blank?
Not just for that, but so that we could play, um, our, uh, our light gun, just any of our light gun games.
Because, you know, we've got, like, time crisis with the pedal and everything and all that.
So, and, you know, Dan had the Saturn hooked up to it. It's pretty cool.
Uh, Orange Right in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I was thinking point blank would make some sort of Wii appearance considering how good the Wii was for light gun shooters.
But all we had was that one DS game.
Then again, it probably would have been lost in all those mini game collections.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, like, they could do it on the Wii U, but then it would be, like, a tap.
And would that, would that have the same appeal? I don't know. I don't know if it would.
One way to find out. Try it.
Alright, there it is. All your news stories, uh, that are on deck for tonight.
And no Loki tonight for me to ask for last minute stories.
So, I'm gonna open up the Skype line. 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word.
I'm gonna warn you guys, I'm not gonna keep it open very long, especially since we don't have last minute stories tonight.
Oh! But good news! It's lighten up tonight. Oh good, people want to call tonight.
I'm, I'm happy. Because after last week, I was a little worried.
But we do have calls coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, everybody!
Hey!
It's Rama.
Hey, Rama. How you doing, buddy?
You get to drink from the fire hose!
Yay!
What is up, my friend?
Not much, not much. Um, I have to say, y'all kind of sort of trolled me with the intro tonight.
Why is that?
When I heard about, uh, uh, Bondai, Bondai Neko, Neko, however you want to call them, Neko Bondai.
Uh, talking about a new game that's coming out, or bringing back a game, I'm like, are they talking about the game?
I think it is, but it wasn't, so I was like, aww.
Aww, what game were you hoping for?
Project Cross Zone 2!
Uh, isn't that actually, wasn't Project Cross Zone 2 actually announced?
I thought that was the thing that was happening.
Um, let me, somebody in chat will probably have more information on it, but I'm almost positive I read something about it this week.
Yeah, it was announced, and they're bringing in another video game into the, into the game.
Yes, that's, yeah, there's another world coming into the game.
Yep, and I'm kind of excited about it, kind of, which, which means to me, hopefully we'll see more Nintendo properties in the game.
Uh, for those that don't know, I found, I found my, uh, my Cliff Notes on this, I had to bump this for time tonight, but Project Cross Zone 2, February 2016, Fire Emblem, Xenosaga, and Xenoblade Chronicles, all represented in the game.
Yes, yes indeed.
Uh, 3DS in Japan on November 12th, North America on February 16th, Europe on February 19th, and there's a brand new trailer out of Tokyo Game Show, so there you go.
So, there, now you do have Project Cross Zone 2 news on the show tonight, so there you go.
Awesome, awesome, you know, and to answer Act F, what I was saying was, I knew they were announcing this at Tokyo Game Show, the way, uh, Jason announced the game, what was coming out, I figured it was a toss to Project Cross Zone 2 since it's been kind of quiet on the radar on a lot of gaming sites.
Yeah, they haven't, they haven't really said a lot about it there, but how could we not be excited about point blank, Rama?
I guess, you know, but the thing is, I never played point blank.
What?
Seriously, I have never played point blank.
Well that's okay, you know what, there's a game, there's gaming series a lot of us, I just said earlier in the show, I've never played Yakuza, and that's, you know, a hugely, uh, well received game.
Uh, so, uh, well, now you have a homework assignment, you gotta find, you gotta find a point blank machine somewhere in New York City, or at least a PlayStation and a working CRT television, surely that's not hard to find in New York City.
Hmm, that may be a possibility, that may be a possibility.
You know what, if nothing else, I bet you anything that game shows up at, uh, the gaming rooms and anime conventions once in a while.
That's gotta be the type of thing you would see in a game room, right?
Dark Soccer, don't you think a lot of anime conventions or gaming conventions would have point blank represented?
I, I swear I've seen them.
I would hope.
You, let me be real with y'all right now.
Alright.
I hate to say it, but gone are the days of finding Bimani games in gaming rooms, unless it's a large convention such as Akon, Otakon, or AX, where they will bring in an arcade machine or something like that.
Yeah, but point blank's not a Bimani game, but you, or are you talking the fact that everything's just kinda tilted now towards competitive games like Smash Brothers and, and League of Legends and stuff?
You will find Smash Brothers, Street Fighter, Halo, and a little bit of everything else in between.
I mean, if you wanna find point blank in a game room, I guess it's gotta be the big conventions.
Other than that, yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf pointing out Momocon had Bimani, so it's not forgotten everywhere.
So, there you go.
Plus, I, I, you know, I'm sure the Southern Fried Game Room Expo, if it's anything like California Extreme, surely California Extreme had a point blank machine. It had to. They've got everything there.
So, probably one of these, like, old school video game, uh, uh, things probably has it. I don't know.
I hope so.
At some point, you'll play one.
Yeah, cuz it's gotten to the point where I walk into the game room, I look around, I don't really see anything I wanna play, and then I walk out, cuz it's too, I wanna sit down and play some great arcade-style games.
Like, the last time I went to a game room was, like, three years ago. Was it three? Yeah. And they had, uh, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. And I sat down and played that with a few people.
Well, my friend, this is how you know you're getting old and jaded. Congratulations.
Old and- Rob, how long have you known me?
Too long!
Yeah, I've been- I'm old and jaded for God knows how long. You're just old and fabulous.
You are my favorite angry black man, but don't tell anyone I said that.
Brother, please. This is the point where we sit down, drink coffee, get the cheesecake-
Get the cheesecake and talk about this one time in St. Olaf.
Alright, my friend, I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls.
Alright, take care.
Take care. Bye.
Bye.
I am so overdue for another trip to New York City, but we have more calls coming in, so let's get to the next call.
Another trip to New York City.
We have more calls coming in.
Yes, hello?
Hi.
Rob Roberts.
Hi.
Oh my gosh, wow. I'm actually on the air with Orange Lounge Radio. I've been listening to you guys for like ten years, and I live in South Korea now, so the timing is almost never right for me to call you guys live.
Holy crap.
I'm sorry?
No, I was just saying holy crap. You're all the way in South Korea and you're listening, so it's what, like Monday morning over there, right?
Yes, absolutely. Right now it is 1242, but actually I started listening to you guys back in the US. I used to volunteer to be experimented on, and while they were like wiring me up to like go to sleep because they would monitor my brainwaves while I slept.
It's like how I made money, and I would listen to you guys back in like 2005, and I've been listening to you guys all that time, and I never like found a time to like call in, and so I was actually just sitting here and like, wow, you know, Orange Lounge Radio must be live right now.
And so I just hopped on, and it's surreal to actually be talking with you, so I just wanted to say that. I've been listening to you guys for a long time in the US and South Korea, and I'm a huge fan, and you guys had a huge impact on my life.
Like when I was down or, you know, you go through ups and downs in life, you guys were very consistent, which was remarkable, always there, and very entertaining, so I just wanted to call in and say thanks.
This is amazing. This is like the ultimate compliment to hear something like that. I have to ask, though, because when you started telling this story, I was almost worried that this was a troll call, because I thought you were going to say something like, yeah, they would monitor my brain for activity when I'm listening to OLR, and I died for 30 seconds listening to the program.
Like, you got to tell me more about how that works. Wait a minute, you actually got paid for them to like be in your head while you're asleep. Please tell me more about this. What is this?
Well, yeah, I'm going to kind of reveal my age a little bit here, but at that time, I was just starting college, and so I needed cash, and so, you know, I looked for easy ways to make money other than like, you know, whoring myself out, and so there were, you know, clinical trials for different, you know, prescription drugs and stuff, and I didn't have to take any drugs.
They just, there was one study for people who had trouble with insomnia, which was myself, and so I volunteered for the study. I was actually the youngest person that had volunteered for that study, and basically I would just go to sleep, and they would like attach all these different like electrodes and stuff to my legs and my brain, or my head, I guess, and while the lady was like putting on all these wires, I'd always put you guys on, you know, until it was like lights out, the podcast.
So we put people to sleep. No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I take that as a compliment. And as the show 100 Matt says, I've heard of these things as a sleep study. I always thought that was something they did for like people with sleep apnea, and like I've certainly heard of a sleep study in those situations, but they paid you to do that. By the way, what should we call you, my friend? You never gave us your name. You were just, you were shot while you were on the air.
Well, my first name is Julius, but online I generally go by, in the chat, I go by Spiritual Gamer. That's generally my handle online.
Spiritual Gamer. Well, welcome to the show, my friend, and that's always amazing to me, because sometimes in doing this show live, I really only see the live chatters, which I love the live chatters. The show would not be the same without them, but it's the same group of like 50 people or so every week, and you know, sometimes there's changes here and there. Love them to death, but sometimes we forget there's other people out there who have been listening to the show a very long time who just, you know, for whatever reason, they've got other stuff going on Sunday nights, whether they're at church, or they're at like, I don't know, like a wedding or something like that.
Or they're at like, I don't know, like a weekly bowling thing, or they're being experimented on by mad scientists and sleep studies and so forth.
Well, now I'm actually doing a grad degree in South Korea, so usually I'm in like the research lab and I can't really, you know, call in or listen to the show, so I would love to be in the chat and listen to you guys live. It's just not feasible, so I was just very excited to talk with you guys.
Well, I don't know, I turned to like a little kid again, like, look at the top of the radio! It's pretty, like, nerdy, but you know, it's really cool.
Again, I just want to thank you guys, and you're really good at your job, Rob, you know, I mean, I think that you are a natural radio personality, you know, like, keep everybody in line, so I just wanted to commend you for that.
Well, you know, this one gets out of hand sometimes, I gotta, you know, her and her tangents and the things she brings up, my god, did you hear her earlier?
The only tangent I got on was the one you set me on.
SSG100Matt in our chatroom says, that ego keeps stroking it. Yeah, no, I...
We don't need Rob stroking his scrunches.
Look, you got the Twitter compliments earlier, so let me have my moment. No, I deeply appreciate that, you know, I studied to do radio in college and didn't end up going that direction.
I love what I do for a living, and by the way, it's not this show, I appreciate that you called it my job, but this is really my hobby, and yeah, I love getting to do radio on my own terms and all that, and everything just worked out just fine, and when I get compliments like that, it means the world, so thank you so much.
Yeah, well, it's my pleasure, and thank you for taking my call, and hopefully next time I call in, I'll be able to tune in for a long enough time to ask you about the current topic or whatever, I just jumped in because I just saw it as a rare opportunity, so thanks again for taking my call, and it was really a pleasure to talk and get my two cents in with you guys.
Thank you, quick, because it's a five minute call, and we have yet to really talk about video games, it's just been a five minute ego stroke, I've gotta ask quickly.
Sorry.
Alright, no please, you don't have to apologize. What game are you playing right now? What video game is awesome in your world right now?
Right now, I'm on a total retro gaming kick, so I've actually been going through a ton of Sega Master System games.
Nice.
So, yeah, I actually am trying to get through Golden Axe Warrior. Before that, I beat most of the Disney games on the Master System, like Castle of Illusion, and Legend of Illusion, and all those, so yeah, 8-Bit Warrior all the way.
I was having this weird inkling to play Alex Kidd the other day, and it was because I was looking at those retro, like those all-in-one retro systems, they had a freaking ColecoVision one at Walmart, but there's a Sega Genesis one on the way, and I was reading about Alex Kidd, and I was like, oh.
You should have just come over, because we were actually playing Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
Were you really?
Which I forgot to mention, because we've just been, while I was sick, just classic gaming it up. We finished Chrono Trigger, by the way.
There you go. Well, you've got a friend and spiritual gamer here. All right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go, but thank you so much for the phone call. It means the world.
Thanks so much for taking my call. Take care, guys.
You're welcome. Take care.
All right, that was awesome, and he was very happy sounding guy and enthusiastic and sounded great there on the call, so thanks so much. That was great.
Let's get to another call. Phones are lighting up tonight. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Act Deft.
This is Act Deft. How are you, my friend?
Really great, really great. A question for DarkSakura.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, have you seen or read about FNAF World?
Read about?
Oh, Five Nights at Freddy's World. I'm aware of this.
Yeah, the RPG?
Yeah.
I've heard of it. I haven't read a lot of it on it, so I just know of it.
Well, there's not a lot of news out there, right? Didn't you just basically come out and say, I'm making an RPG in the Five Nights at Freddy's World, and everybody was like, what?
Yeah, and we thought he was done. We thought you said you were done.
Well, he's done with the main games. Who said he? Come on.
That's milky milky cash cow.
Come on. No, you know what, though? He deserves it. Come on, Five Nights at Freddy's has been like the biggest indie game since Minecraft. Maybe that's a little much, but you know, it's huge.
And if he wants to milk it for an RPG, I say go for it. I think it would be interesting.
Yeah.
You know, I might actually, for me, I might enjoy the RPG more than the jump scare games. I mean, I know you all enjoy my Twitch screams, my Twitch screams.
Has to.
But maybe an RPG that would be a little more chill that could maybe get into the more psychological part of things that maybe it'll have jump scares, maybe not, but maybe I could get into something like that a lot more.
That could be fun.
It's kind of like we were talking about with Minecraft story mode a little bit ago. Maybe some people that aren't into the open world will be really into the, you know, telltale version and vice versa.
I'm trying to wonder how you could go with that. Like if it would be like exploration RPG or, you know, you get teleported around different, you know, Freddy Fazbear's pizzas. I don't know.
I have a feeling that it's going to be like that fan game Five Nights at Fuckboys.
What?
Yeah, there's a fan, fan made, sorry, game. It's an RPG. It's called Five Nights at Fuckboys.
There's already four of them.
I didn't have to look at this.
Or at least three. I know of three.
Yeah, you can expect that kind of humor in all the games.
Okay.
The mechanics are actually a simple RPG, so they're fun for what they are.
What do you do? Do you, do you like log on to Grindr virtually? Like what happens Five Nights at Fuckboys work? What is?
It was made an RPG maker.
Of course.
Yeah, basically. It's an RPG maker RPG. It's like I said, it's pretty simple.
But the humor is pretty much like that. It's the, at least in the first one is just the.
The trophies are hilarious.
Wait, they actually, okay.
I can't believe that I didn't know about this because this actually has a page on KnowYourMeme.com.
Five Nights at Fuckboys has a whole thing on KnowYourMeme.
And apparently, wow, there's even like a trailer for everything. Hold on, I'm looking at the trailer here for Five Nights at Fuckboys.
And yeah, I'm actually surprised that not many, not that many people know about it, even though some popular YouTubers have played the game.
I kind of want to check it out now. I'm almost, I'm intrigued. You have my attention.
But it's not what you think. Like it's not like, it's not like straight up gay porn or anything. It's just.
No, no, it isn't like graphic. It has at least like, I really don't know, really sense of creative humor. Sorry.
But it isn't like graphic. Maybe some, a few things, but not really, not really like say an adult game.
Yeah, it's more like silly. It's ha ha, dicks, penis, funny.
Yeah, I'm looking, I'm looking at the KnowYourMeme article. Here are some notable quotes from Five Nights at Fuckboys. You ready for this, DarkSakura?
Inhale my dong, Enrangement Child.
Yeah.
That sounds like something from Homestuck.
And then, engage the camera, motherfucker.
Yeah, you fight the cameras in the game.
Whenever they want to, whenever they want to fight a camera. And apparently, KnowYourMeme actually trends the searches for Five Nights at Fuckboys and inhale my dong, Enrangement Child. People actually search for that phrase.
Oh, act deaf. Thank you for what you've brought to the show tonight. I appreciate that. I'm going to check that out. I might have to, I might have to play that one. It doesn't look like jump scares or any of that.
No, no. At least I think the first two don't have jump scares. The third one maybe has, but I don't remember. It's really, it isn't scary. Like I said, it's more like funny.
I can handle a little bit of jump scare. I can handle a little bit of it, but y'all have seen me play Five Nights at Freddy's. It gets a little, I get a little scared.
Yeah. Well, act deaf. We will see. I'm looking forward to what he answers next. I imagine probably Halloween, October seems to be a, you know, he'll, he'll, he'll get Halloween again. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. All right. I will, I will be surprised if the game comes out like next week or something like that.
Yeah. He'll just, he's going to do it whenever he's ready. He'll just be like, bam, here it is. Five Nights RPG. Have fun. Get those checks. I got lottery tickets to buy.
All right. Act deaf, my friend. I'm going to let you go, but thanks so much for the call. I appreciate it. Hey, thanks for having me. You're welcome. Anytime, buddy.
All right. Uh, I think that's going to do it tonight for the skype line. I'm sorry for those that didn't get through tonight. Uh, but you can, you can send us tweets, twitter.com.
I have to be up early for work tomorrow, so I don't want to keep running. Have fun. Uh, twitter.com slash O L R. If you want to tweet us throughout the week, I do read everything.
You'd always follow us personally on the twatters on uh, Twitter's uh, I am at sky S K on the scrunters S K I E Loki is at Loki O L R and dark Sakura is that dark Sakura, but she's more of a tumbler gal.
No, I've been, I've been tweeting more. I got, I got to a nice response from, uh, uh, Brianne. I got, I'm always going to mispronounce her last name.
Batty, who, um, was one of the writers for dragon age. She wrote Cullen stuff in, um, dragon age two and inquisition, I think. Um, and I just asked her a little, you know, lower question and she answered it.
So it, it, Twitter, Bioware folks are great for better or worse. And we've all seen the worst part of it in the past year or so, but for better or worse, Twitter makes people really accessible.
And when I say people, I mean like even celebrities and stuff and people that make video games, we've talked about this a little bit on the show before, you know, for better or for worse.
You know, if you have a favorite game maker or whatever, you can tweet them. And as long as you're not being a douchebag, you'll likely get a response, you know, depending on the volume of tweets that person receives.
You know, if you're lady Gaga, you can't respond to each and every single tweet, but you know, if you're developing a smaller indie game, I bet you, if you're a big fan of bungee ferret tossing and you send Y Y R a tweet, he'll probably respond to each and every one of them.
I just actually posted a link to the screen I took of, well, because I decided if it's something that I wanted to know, the folks on Tumblr would want to know about it.
I will say this. I definitely had a fanboy, squee, a fangasm moment at Dragon Con. I wrote a tweet and I said, Lord British looks great in his getup at Dragon Con and Richard Garriott, Lord British, the man himself retweeted me.
And I was like, Senpai noticed me. So I, you know, that was, that was a great moment. So even I fanboy out too. I completely fanboy out over, over legendary game makers of, of the yesteryear.
I would, I would like Lord British is actually like a dream guest of mine for OLR. I kind of want to, I kind of want to see what the possibility is if we could ever make that happen.
So anyway, among some other great designers of yesteryear, I'd love to, uh, love to capture some of the heyday stories on this format before, uh, you know, unfortunately we're not getting any younger people.
So I would love to love to get all that. So anyway, um, tangent. Hello. I've been doing that a lot.
See? It's not just me.
That was at least gaming related.
And you got me started on the scrunt.
At least that was gaming related.
I'm going to laugh about that all like, as you should, as you should. All right. Uh, we're going to do it.
That's going to wrap it up for another episode of Orange Laundrio. I want to thank you guys so much for listening to the show though, and taking the time out.
And, uh, you know, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundrio, tell a friend or two about the show, uh, help us spread the word cause we don't have a multimillion dollar advertising campaign or any of that stuff.
Uh, or a big website where we, uh, you know, record footage from games and then put them up on YouTube and put ad dollars in front of it. Nail filing emoji, just saying.
Uh, but anyway, uh, please consider giving us a, a, a referral or a nice five star review on iTunes, Stitcher Radio, or wherever you found this show.
All of that goes a very long way. So we really, really appreciate it. And you know what? A kind word like that caller had tonight, that goes a long way too.
I really appreciate all that stuff. If you send a tweet, I promise you I'll answer you as long as you're not a douchebag.
Uh, and even if you're douchebag, there's like a 50-50 shot depending on what mood you catch me in.
So, uh, there you go. That's, that's it. We're wrapping up. We will be back next week and I'm hoping, fingers and toes crossed, next week we are all reunited. So nobody gets sick?
Did you check, did you check the calendar? No holidays next week? No nothing?
No, Yom Kippur is on Tuesday night and Wednesday.
Alright. So we should be good next week. That'll be exciting. Uh, in the meantime, we're gonna wrap up and get everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Just Dark Soccer and I feeling the love tonight. We, we went through three hours, just the two of us.
Yeah.
Good job.
Without killing each other.
Yet.
Girl.
We haven't got to the Forge Cookie message of the day yet.
Dark Soccer. What is your final thought tonight?
Um, I had to take Minda to the vet and it's going to cost about $1,500 to get the teeth pulled that she needs to have.
She's got some pretty bad gingivitis, you know, cause I don't brush my cat's teeth apparently.
Poor kitty.
Yeah. Um, so I've got to figure out a way to get that money set aside to get her mouth taken care of.
But it's funny feeding her her antibiotic cause you have to just shove this thing down her throat and squish the plunger.
Yikes.
And then she's like, and then the first thing she does then is run to the bathroom.
Yeah.
Where I feed her and look expectantly at her treat bowl.
Like how dare you do that to me? Where's my reward?
Exactly.
I gotcha. I gotcha.
She's learned anytime we do something that she doesn't like, like claw trimming or whatnot, it's time to give her a treat.
Probably why she's a little fatty.
Uh, and uh, let's see. My, my, my final thought tonight is I think, I think I want to play some more Rocket League before bed, but I hopefully I don't get distracted with that game that Act F brought up. We'll see.
Also to pause.
Yeah.
Um, Spiritual Gamer says Dark Soccer should thank us. Well, I am very thankful for all of you.
Me too. But it's not Thanksgiving yet. It's too early to thank everybody.
I would also be thankful if someone were to give me a piece of pie.
And SSJ 100 Matt, thank you for the wish. I hope you also have an easy fast.
Oh, is you got a fast? Is that this week you got a fast?
Um, Tuesday night through Wednesday sundown.
Staying away from you on Tuesday. All right.
I won't be remotely around anybody here.
All right. No tacos.
No tacos.
At the end, do you get tacos to celebrate?
You know, that's a good idea. I should get a burrito. Well, they, they, they actually, cause it's, it's, um, traditionally if you were able to no drink, no food for 28 hours.
I see.
And then, um, they break the fast with, uh, like little cupcakes and hummus and grape juice and all kinds of stuff.
And tacos.
Man, we should have tacos.
We should have tacos.
All right.
I want a taco now.
Damn it, Rob.
Sorry about it.
All right. Well, we'll be back next week again.
Hopefully, uh, Loki's back and we're all here in studio and we'll get caught up on whatever's happened in the gaming world this next week.
Uh, what we've been doing this week, what you've been doing, and we'll check in with Jamie and see how those tacos were.
Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You scrunts.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music
Music
