Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
It's been a busy week of connected gaming news, everything from live streaming and YouTube video crackdowns, to an alternative reality game set in a very popular universe, and Apple's continued plans to take over your TV. Online or off, we'll tell you about all this and more, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio tonight with episode number 613 for this September the 13th of 2015.
We return live this week after a week off for Dragon Con, which I'll talk about a little later in the show, but I hope you all had a good Labor Day weekend if you're here in the US or wherever you are throughout the world. Hope you had a good week, whatever you did, while we were off last week.
Well we are back tonight as we are live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwell Show.
And if you're listening to us live, get in our chat room, participate with us, it'll be fun. Live.vognetwork.com
Here in studio to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, myself, Rob Roberts, on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E.
Sadly not joining us tonight, and this might be a surprise, DarkSakura, sadly unable to make the show again this week. And you might be thinking, is she okay? Because it's going to be almost like a month now.
Well, here's what happened. She was out three weeks ago because it was her 10th wedding anniversary. Kind of a big deal, right?
And then last week was out of her control because I had to call the show because I was going to be gone for Dragon Con.
And then this week is Rosh Hashanah. So she's off being a good Jewish girl at services this week.
So she will definitely be back though, barring some sort of hideous circumstance. Let's really hope not. She should be back next week.
But holding down the fort with me here in Studio N7, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Yeah?
I ate breadsticks.
Oh, I love how you go to the pizza place, a local chain here. Well, I guess they're like all West Coast, a round table pizza.
And you will get, not a pizza, but breadsticks. And you get not just like three, you get like one.
Because the breadsticks are way cheaper.
Yeah, and they're really good. I'm not going to lie. They're probably horrible for you, but they're really good.
Yeah, I don't care.
What did you do with your week off, Loki? Did you get any work done on your game, or were you more being a gamer, or what?
You know, I didn't get a whole ton done on my game just because I've been tired. So a lot of it was, like I said, I've been trying to design logos for my company and game.
And Cody had kind of helped me design a logo, and I started kind of messing with that. You know, I was getting the site ready and everything. I was going to upload that.
And I was like, you know, I don't know if I, this just doesn't seem, it seems a little busy. So I decided, you know, I like his logo, but I'm going to try and make something on my own.
So the whole week I've been trying to make something on my own, and I actually, I did come up with something, and it looks awesome, I think.
I don't know. So it's just a lot more simpler, streamlined, and...
And I'm sure he doesn't take offense to that.
No, no, he thought it looked cool.
It inspired what you ended up doing, ultimately.
Yeah, I will...
You got to start somewhere.
I was going to, since this is going to make for great radio.
This is going to be great radio. Are you actually going to show me the logo?
I'm going to show you what it looks like.
Our chatters as they're participating live with us, live.vognetwork.com.
While you pull that up, I'll actually go ahead and introduce to us, introduce here in studio, since Dark Soccer's not here tonight, this guy thought he'd stop by.
It's been a while since he's been on the show, but say hello everybody to Shane.
Hello.
How you doing?
Fine.
It's been a while since we've had you on the show.
Yeah.
Playing lots of games.
I feel like I'm not loud. Am I loud enough?
You're loud enough where we can hear you.
Okay.
All right. But you just always sound like that.
That's true.
You're just tired all the time. What have you been... I get into gaming weeks a little later, but generally, what have you been playing these days?
Splatoon.
Splatoon?
Yes.
Now you actually, at some point, sold back your Wii U.
No, I gave it back to Nintendo.
That's right, because you were working for them and then you moved out here.
Yeah.
And then so you had to give all the loot back.
The fun stuff back, yeah.
But you ended up getting a new Wii U.
Yes, because of Splatoon.
And that was the game that sold you?
Yes.
Do you stand by your decision?
Yes.
Yeah?
Love Splatoon. It's so good.
What is it about the game that...
It's just fun. Like, you can't hold, like, anger while playing it.
Because after the three minutes are up, you go to another stage and fight people.
And it's just really fun.
It's the best, like, online multiplayer game I've played in a long time.
Even without the voice chat? Because a lot of...
Yes, I actually don't like the voice chat. I sometimes am on, like, Skype with friends playing.
And I don't like it. I like just looking at what they're doing and trying to figure out if I can help them or if I need to go do my own thing.
Well, I liked when you and I... Because you and I played over the weekend at some point.
We were doing the Skype thing, but the only thing that was weird about it was that sometimes we were on opposing teams.
Yeah.
So there's not a lot to say besides, ha ha, that was you I just splatted.
Pretty much.
Or, you know, that's really all there is to say.
And that one time we'd be on the same team, but I guess because the other people on the team we can't control, we couldn't really, like, organize.
Like, okay, you go left, you go down the middle.
Yeah.
You were more trying to explain the stage to me because it would want one I hadn't seen yet because I play more infrequently.
Yeah.
So...
That's why I think voice chat not being in the game is so good.
Because I can... I've played with a couple friends on voice chat that get really frustrated and I don't want to hear that.
I just want to have fun.
Fair enough.
And I have fun without listening to people.
Fair enough.
I wouldn't want to do the voice chat with strangers, but voice chat with friends.
No, I'm still against it.
All right.
Well, Loki got his logo up, so I was taking a look at it.
You're right.
You did kind of make it simple.
And I like what you're doing.
Show it to Shane, too, so we can...
Yeah, I did.
More simply.
And then I even have the Japanese katakana version of it underneath it, which is funny.
And I love how...
Make him wrote otaku cred.
I love how it sounds even on the Google translator thing.
It's funny, so...
Did you use Google Translate to figure out the Japanese text?
Yeah, but I did translate it back and forth and it does translate correctly.
Okay.
So, yeah.
Because you know sometimes that will not work.
Yes, I understand that.
And I did translate it back and forth.
The only difference is it takes off the plural at the end because of the way they work their
language.
It's different.
But this kind of works, too, because also the focus I kind of want to do, like the type
of games I want to make are like those quirky, weird Japanese games that I like.
You know, like, you know, Earth Defense Force or, you know, President Kat or, you know,
just weird shit.
So, like, that kind of...
It makes it look like it's a Japanese company, sort of, but it's not, you know.
This has been very much a year of growing kind of indie games.
And I know I've really failed at that because I've had stuff going on in my personal life.
But kind of watching you and then getting more involved, the Sakai GDA, getting to know
them and having them on the show.
I bet Gabe would love to see this whole thing that you're doing right now.
Once I'm done, yep.
Once you're done.
Next is going to be working on the logo for my actual game.
And then...
And I have an idea already what I want to do with that.
So I just have to put that together.
And Cody did come up with something for it.
Although, like I said, I wanted to try something different because his kind of reminded me
of, like, Road Rash from the 90s.
I'm like, yeah, it's a little too dark for the game I'm making.
But it was pretty cool.
It was pretty cool.
But I just want to come up with something else now that I've finished this.
But it's been taking me way too long to do this stuff.
And really, I should have been just getting the game done.
And that's my focus is to get the game done now.
Get er done.
All right.
Well, we're going to get into the week in gaming news.
There was actually quite a bit that went on, quite a few things to touch on this week.
So we're going to get into that.
I do want to talk about DragonCon, but because there is so much other stuff going on tonight,
I'll give a more in-depth perspective at the start of Part B.
But I do just want to say at the top of the show, just a general thanks for another fantastic DragonCon.
It was my third year and, you know, third time's the charm.
And I did so much great networking, met lots of great people through the podcasting track.
And I really just want to thank Brian and Nicole from the podcasting track for having me on the panel that I was there.
And just, you know, even the ones that I wasn't on the panel, just still, you know, hey, what's going on?
You know, I felt really involved in a lot of the discussion.
It was very, very motivating.
So I just want to give a big thanks here at the top of the show to everybody involved with the podcasting track this year at DragonCon.
And, you know, all the tracks, because I saw some stuff in the gaming track and some other stuff and had a fantastic time.
And a thank you to the Parsecs as well, which is kind of a part of the podcasting track, but they let Bobby and myself be a part of that.
So that was great.
And, of course, I have to thank Travis and Jenna.
Travis from Understation Live, which if you haven't heard, Understation Live is going to be sunsetting at the end of the year.
December is their last show.
Jessica and Travis will be hanging up their hat for now.
Travis has been doing Understation Live essentially.
I mean, I know he took a break for a year or so, but essentially he's been doing his show since 2001.
And it's where I got my start.
And Travis kind of was the one that really, you know, like between him and Bobby, Bobby did a lot of this too, urging me to do DragonCon.
But Travis really urged me to do the dress-up and the cosplay this year and doing the Joker outfit.
And that was an awful lot of fun.
So just big thank yous for that.
I'll get in more in-depth a little bit in Part B, but I know some of you want to tune in and hear about the games right away.
And the gaming content at DragonCon is not so much, because Penny Arcade Expo is right the week before.
But I'll talk about Lord British and all that fun stuff a little later on in the program.
For now, for our kickoff topic tonight, I don't know if you guys know,
but today actually happens to be the 30th birthday of Super Mario Brothers.
Super Mario Brothers came out in Japan today, September the 13th of 1985.
And obviously Mario Maker came out as a way to celebrate that.
Obviously that just came out on Friday.
But a pretty big landmark thing with Super Mario Brothers having come out.
I want to go around the room real quick and revisit.
How were you introduced to the Mario Brothers universe?
I imagine since we're all the same age, we probably all picked it up around Super Mario Brothers.
How were you introduced to that and what has that done for you with gaming?
Do you have a memory to share with us or what have you regarding Mario?
Sorry I didn't prep you guys too much. Hopefully I'm not putting you on the spot too bad.
But Shane, what was your first experience with Super Mario?
My parents got me, yeah just me because my sister was not born yet or just born.
A Nintendo when I was three when it first came out here.
And I'm sure I played Mario at that time but I don't remember.
Well everybody with a Nintendo played Mario because it was the pack in you.
Yeah I remember Duck Hunt more. I played a lot of Duck Hunt.
Did you?
Yes. What was the rest of the question? I already forgot.
Do you have a particular memory with Mario and what has that series kind of done for you?
Yes okay here's a great memory because it's embarrassing but not for me.
So Power Fest 1990 or was it 89? I think it was 90.
Is that the World Championships or is this different?
Yeah the Power Fest. The first one they ever did.
Okay.
My cousin, I wasn't with him at the time because I was living out here in California still when I was that age.
At the Power Fest they had a place where you could make a commercial for Mario fruit snacks.
And his video is on YouTube and it is so funny. It is the worst because...
Why did you not bring the link so I can play it here on air for everybody?
Oh well I'll try to look for it while you talk to me.
I forgot that Mario fruit snacks were a thing.
Yeah and that song is forever in my head because of that video.
How does it go?
It goes fruit snacks to go some with Link and Mario and that's all I remember.
It's so good though.
As in the way that only Shane can sing.
Oh monotone and not singing?
Yes.
Just reciting the words.
I still remember the song for Nintendo cereal.
I don't know that.
Nintendo it's for breakfast now.
No.
But I think my other Mario memory is when I got my Game Boy and I played the crap out of Mario Land.
I loved Mario Land. It was so good.
It was really departure for the series though.
Like the whole bouncy ball thing.
And the Egyptian state is weird.
It was so good though and then being in a submarine or a space craft.
I can be both of them.
It was really cool.
It's so awesome that they keep bringing that back into the sea.
Oh wait no they haven't.
I don't know why they don't.
Well there's some stuff in Mario Brothers canon that they surprisingly have never revisited.
Most of the Mario Bros 2 stuff?
The one that gets me is Wart as a villain.
He was a dream. It doesn't matter.
Come on.
I don't know how Shy Guys came about because they were in a dream.
Fair enough then shouldn't he have appeared in the Mario and Luigi dream team or something like that?
Because that was in a dream.
No he's not because who plays those games?
Good point.
Anyway that's what gets me about that.
Kirby's Dream Land?
That's crossing series now though.
But I mean Super Mario Bros 2 we all know at this point it was based off a Japanese game that they just kind of injected Mario into.
It's still a better game than Lost Levels.
I do love it.
Whether it was originally Mario or not I still love that game.
But I feel like Yoshi's Island kind of took that as the spinoff.
Like the Mega Man X side franchise for that.
Yeah except it was like...
I don't know. I just remember with Yoshi's Island anytime I'd go to a Toys R Us it's just...
Just like constantly I was like oh my god this is the worst game they have ever made.
It's just seriously what were they thinking?
Oh my gosh.
Let's see going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com reading some comments here.
Ragenator reminding us that Super Mario Bros was not the only...
It was not in all the Nintendos.
Gyromite and Duck Hunt were the pack.
What's a Gyromite?
It was the Rob the Robot pack came with Gyromite and Duck Hunt.
It didn't have Mario Bros because Gyromite used...
That's probably why you've never heard of it because those robots really not only they sold super well.
So Gyromite you had to sit there and wait for Rob to pick up the little spinning top and put it on the other thing.
It was like opening gates and stuff. It's very strange to play now.
How do I get you this link?
Kind of a neat concept at the time.
Did you send me the link?
No I said how do I get it to you?
Send it on Google Talk.
You know how to do Google Talk and I can log into my email and get it there.
Your pork cousin. I hope he's cool with us playing it here on the show.
Probably not but he put it on YouTube so anybody can watch it.
That's true. Anybody can watch it. We just found this.
Other comments in our chatroom over at Live.FogNetwork.com.
Justin says, Mario memory.
Having mom drop me off at Blockbuster Video to play the N64 demo kiosk for two hours while she went Christmas shopping.
Oh my gosh I remember those kiosks. I feel like that happened to me too because my parents didn't want me around.
Like shooed you away?
Yes. Oh you have to watch the whole thing of this because the best part...
This is kind of long. Can I only just play the first part?
Well you can play the first part. It's just the music that you'll hear because of the way they made these videos.
But you need to keep watching it because it's facial expressions.
Which is great for radio.
And quote unquote dancing.
Just put it in the chatroom. I'm sure he'll appreciate all the hits.
Why did I go viral? As if we have that many people who listen to our show.
Wait I got more comments. I got more comments.
Let's see. Tigerclaw asking, you mentioned that Super Mario Bros. 2 isn't canon because it never happened.
I didn't say it wasn't canon. I said that War it was just a dream.
Miyamoto talking this week that Super Mario Bros. 3 never happened as well.
I know it was a play. Which is awesome.
That is kind of awesome. I love those concept things.
But see since it's a play, anything in that game is still true because they're just actors.
So all the little Koopa kids, they're true because they were acting.
Bobby Blackwell says, my dad ran over little old ladies and toys or else got a shipment of Super Mario Bros. 2 in so I would have it for Christmas.
Oh that's a nice story.
Alright so here it is. This is the fruit snack song.
Yeah you can at least hear the song.
That we're going to check out here.
Look at that great dancing going on.
He's just kind of, it's white boy dancing basically.
And then you know this is early 90's so you get to see awesome video effects.
This is not him singing.
No.
There's a really really...
He actually kicked when it said keep it moving.
And see the thing is we make fun of him all the time for this and we do the little hand flails that he does.
Poor guy.
This is really cringe worthy.
Isn't it? And he finally uploaded it.
Oh and he tripped against the backdrop. Oh my god.
It's the best. I love this video. It's like Christmas every day when you watch it.
But the thing is you can't tell if it's just bad editing or if it's just because it's VCR tracking.
No it's bad editing.
Thank god.
It's 90's editing.
Look all I have to say is thank god episodes of my public access show.
That's crazy effects because it's 90's editing.
Never made it.
Why?
I'm going to stop this.
And why did someone think that was a good idea?
That's what we did.
I had a tape too with me and my friend and seriously my friend was going crazy on that and I was just standing there because I didn't want to do it.
Alright. Look. MegaManX400. My buddy Delvin from Video Game Realness podcast. Shout out.
Burst into chat. What's the link to the video?
So I put it in there.
Okay good.
Delvin now if you play it on your show too we'll like pay it forward.
Yeah.
We're going to make this viral.
I'm sure he's going to appreciate this a lot.
Your cousin's going to really appreciate this.
Just post it over to like cringe pics or something like that.
No it's mean. The people there are mean.
Alright.
It'll go straight to the top.
Oh my god you guys. Alright.
You know what? Props for having the balls to put that on the internet.
Because I won't put my public accent on the internet.
I feel like that only happened because maybe he did it when he was drunk.
Because he won't even let us watch the VHS anymore.
Like we would beg constantly and he said no.
It's alright. I've still got videos of my drunk bachelor party that I don't even remember where I'm yelling at the Mario Kart arcade game.
So it's all good.
Yeah that's like the most watched video on the Orange Nons Radio channel by the way.
Alright. Nobody cares about the episode.
And what's great about it is I don't remember a thing.
You were pretty tossed that night.
I was unfortunately.
How about a Mario memory from you Loki?
Let's see. Well I probably played, well I definitely played Donkey Kong before I played Mario Brothers.
Super Mario Brothers I didn't actually get that with my Nintendo.
My friend had it so I would play it at his house.
And then when I got my NES it wasn't with that.
I had to later get that I think.
I think at a garage sale or flea market or something I had to buy that game.
But eventually had it.
So I started off with the first one and I've played every single one since then.
Nice.
Well at least most of them.
I haven't played anything on the Wii or Wii U.
Super Paper Mario on the Wii.
Galaxies are really good series.
I did play Galaxy. Yeah I didn't play like New Super Mario Brothers.
I didn't play that because I think I stopped playing my Wii at that point.
And then I haven't played anything on the Wii U.
3D World is really good too.
You're going to have some catching up to do when you finally break down and get a Wii U.
I wanted one for Mario Maker but it's $300 so.
I don't know how it goes.
Alright priorities and things like that.
Let's see my Mario memory.
Let's see.
Probably one of my favorite ones was when Super Mario Brothers 3 first came out.
And one of my best friends in like the fourth grade got that game.
And I went over to his house.
God you're old if that's when you got Mario 3.
I know right.
And I went over to his house and we stayed up all night playing it.
And keep in mind we didn't know like the warp whistles and all that stuff.
You had to read about that in Nintendo Power.
So we were just playing like level by level.
And I remember mind blown when we got to the giant level.
That was the coolest thing ever in the history of like 8-bit Nintendo.
Was going to the giant world and it's like the giants are big and the blocks are big and everything's big.
I can't explain.
Those of you that are around my age or close to it that played Mario 3 the first time.
You're mid 50's to early 60's.
I'm not mid 50's to 60's.
Anyway.
I would say also my earliest Mario memory was not actually Super Mario Brothers.
I know that's the game we're kind of celebrating tonight.
But the original Mario Brothers. I still love that game.
I know they kind of. They've put that out ad nauseam.
They've put that out on every DS version of Mario.
All the Mario Advance and all that.
But I remember playing the Atari 2600 version of that.
Because before Nintendo had their own system.
They were licensing things like Donkey Kong to another company.
Who was. I want to say it was Coleco.
Because they had their own thing.
But Atari was the place to be.
So it was a different time in the 80's.
So they actually did a Mario Brothers game on the 2600.
We used to play that a ton.
And it's so funny going back now.
It looks nothing like the arcade.
But the gameplay was close enough.
And when you're 5 or 6 years old you really don't care.
Because I didn't get a Nintendo until I was 9.
If we have to make age jokes on the show.
Born in 78, Mario wasn't even out in Japan until I was 7.
So I don't think I got a chance to really get it here until I was 8 or 9.
But Atari 2600 was probably my earliest memory.
And some other folks.
Bobby Blackwolf, who I thought was only 29.
Admits I had Donkey Kong for the Intellivision.
And Ragenator says I played Mario Brothers at the arcade only.
Kaijuto says my first Mario game was on the Game & Watch, the factory game.
Well we'll get into some more Mario memories and things like that a little later.
I know our Fugu Question of the Week is around that.
So we'll get into some more of that a little later as we celebrate Mario.
But Mario is not the only thing that had a birthday this week, Loki.
You had a birthday, didn't you?
Yes, on Friday.
Yeah? How'd that go?
I had to work.
You had to work on your birthday?
Yeah. And I had to work on Saturday too.
Yeah?
And I got a wallet.
A wallet.
You got a wallet for your birthday?
Yeah.
Aww.
Well, it was a cool wallet.
It was a wallet.
Fossil wallet. Did you need a wallet?
Eh, I guess.
Well, Loki, I know it's been quite a few years since I've really been in a financial position to actually get you something for your birthday.
But this year, with the job transition and everything, I wanted to get you something for your birthday that I know you wanted.
So Shane, could you bring it out? Loki is brand new. Super Mario Maker.
That's awesome.
Wii U. That Shane stood in line Friday morning.
Dude, you guys are awesome.
So there it is. And you guys may or may not know, Loki bought me a console many years ago.
He bought me a GameCube.
Animal Crossing. I remember that.
Yeah, he bought me a GameCube with Animal Crossing many years ago.
And for a long time, I've always wanted to pay the favor back. And so here we are.
I had to go to a really sketchy Walmart to get that at midnight.
Guys, this is awesome. Seriously.
It's only unexpected. Thank you.
You're welcome.
I can't wait to play with this.
Your wife's probably gonna hate me.
Does she know your address? Because you might really need to lock the doors.
Here's the thing. And this is great.
Great reason to have this wonderful second screen thing.
She's been watching fucking Law and Order like crazy.
I don't have the TV.
Regular Law and Order or SEU?
Oh yeah, because I've been marathoning that a lot too lately.
Yeah, I wanted to swear it off after that stupid Gamergate episode.
That was a really bad episode.
You just have to watch it because it's so bad.
Like they did the Shia LaBeouf episode today and it was just like...
I don't know.
But oh my god, that's awesome. Thank you.
You're welcome. I figure your boys will probably enjoy that too.
Yeah, they're gonna wreck the shit out of this.
And this amiibo is like super hard because it only comes in that color in this set in America.
So you're gonna be like the only person that has that amiibo.
Alright, well if you guys think I'm gonna be any less hard on Nintendo because of this...
Only more so now because you're playing with this stuff first hand.
Now he can actually speak with having played some of the games.
Start my levels, Bobby.
Yes, I will do that, Bobby. I will. Oh my god, that's awesome.
So there it is. Loki's birthday present.
We did it. We got him a Wii U.
So now he's gonna have to talk with a little more authority when he gives Nintendo a bad time.
I will. God, I can't wait for Zelda now.
But you were waiting to play Mario Maker above.
Oh god, that's the thing.
And I remember when Mario Maker came out, I'm like, there's no way that thing's gonna sell systems.
And more I saw him like, god, I want that so bad.
That's how I felt about Splatoon. I was like, this game looks stupid.
And then I kept seeing Jim play it.
Yeah, I never thought the game looked stupid.
But I was just like, you know, I don't know if that's gonna sell me a system.
It's only one game and stuff, but I kept seeing him like, man, it looks really good.
I was like, I don't know.
We were actually really worried that Nellie...
Because I have not told your wife because...
Because you didn't want to die early.
As long as I'm not spending my money on it, I think she'll be fine.
No, if she happens to be listening, I assure you this was 100% me
and something I've been wanting to return the favor for Loki for a long time.
And if you look at the man's Twitter, go look at Loki's Twitter on Friday.
And all it is is, man, I want to go play Mario Maker right now.
Because I was answering phone calls. It's terrible.
Even throughout the week, it was that.
Yeah, because I kept watching the videos of IGN people making levels of something.
Man, that looks fun.
And I actually, I just said out loud at one point during last week,
I said, you know what, god damn it, I'm just gonna...
Fuck it, I'm gonna buy Loki OU.
I'm just gonna do it and then he's gonna have it and Mario Maker
and all those games we talk about here on the show.
And then I was worried if your wife had bought that for you already.
I was eagerly watching Twitter on Friday.
Because I was like, Shane, keep the receipt,
because we'll go take it back and get a Mike Splatoon and Mario Kart.
She doesn't read my Twitter. I didn't say anything to her about stuff like that.
Her excuse would be like, you have enough game systems.
You don't need more game systems. We don't mind spending on it.
Buy me stuff, yeah.
Tiger Klasky and Chat Sky, you bought them the Wii U that was bundled with Mario Maker.
Yes, it's the one that just came out on Friday.
It's a 32, because Shane actually went and got in the line.
We didn't think it was gonna sell out super fast, but we were just like...
The Walmart I went to only had two.
Yeah, we didn't know how many the stores were gonna get.
I didn't think they were gonna have any, because I looked online and they were like, oh...
Shane is really good at finding shit.
Not only did he get that Wii U, but he got me...
I was able to get everybody the amiibos they wanted.
He got me my 8-bit Mario and my Zero Suit Samus.
I went to three different stores.
So what does the one that's not packed with this look like?
I'll go grab it.
Go grab it off my display.
This is modern color, where it's red and blue.
The other one is retro color, which is more brown.
Oh, okay, I got it. The brown one.
Now, the 32 gig Wii U comes with Super Mario Maker, but it is a download.
But whatever.
So you'll fill up that whole thing.
But it comes with a download, and I don't know if Nintendo Land is with it anymore.
I don't think it is.
Uh, probably not.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
So there's the other one.
So you can see all the colors.
It's brown instead of blue, basically.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Not that different.
Thank you, guys. Seriously, thank you.
Oh my god, it's awesome.
You are welcome.
I'm gonna stay up to play this tonight, that's for sure.
You deserve it.
You have been so faithful to the show for many years.
And, you know, I know that's a team effort and everything, but I appreciate your friendship.
And, you know, again, it's a favor I've been wanting to pay back for a very long time.
Oh, thank you. Seriously.
So I had the opportunity.
Oh my god, I'm so excited.
Loki is smiling for the first time in a very long time here on Orange Lawn's Radio when thinking about Nintendo.
Just teasing.
Yeah, and the title class says you run out of space on a 32 gigabyte onboard.
You can plug in a portable hard drive.
Yeah, I've got like a few 64 gigabyte thumb drives I'm not using, so.
You're gonna be plugged into that.
But yeah, I'll need to.
I mean, because I've been wanting to actually, it's funny, like I've been wanting to download, like I have my Wii unplugged, actually, now.
It's still in the front room.
And I was like, maybe I should plug it in just to download like Virtual Console Mario Brothers to let my son try it.
Because I wanted him to try it.
I'm like, oh, you might like this because, you know, he has a Super Mario Brothers room and everything.
And so I was like, okay.
Because I've gotten him into Minecraft.
He's like super into Minecraft now.
So I was like, okay, here, let's try this game.
But, uh.
You need to come play Splatoon with us now.
I will probably have to pick that up.
This is so good.
Uh, Joosten in our chat at live.vognetware.com says, somebody cry, dammit.
I just, Loki's not really that tight.
Loki's just giddy right now and that's fine.
He doesn't need to cry.
I'm excited, that's awesome.
He's like a kid on Christmas.
It's awesome.
Exactly.
Worth it.
Even better if we, was if we had the box and like rocks were in it instead.
We should probably check it out to make sure, you know.
Yeah, it did come from Walmart.
It did come from Walmart and a CD part of town, so.
Just double check that for me.
Seriously.
Why are the only Walmarts around here in like the not good parts of town that are 24 hours?
Like, the one I wanted to go to said they weren't open until 8.
I was like, well, I'm going to be in line at Target at 8.
So that's not going to work.
Alright, so there it is.
Alright, cool. Thank you.
Breaking news.
Loki now has a Wii U.
And we'll be talking about Nintendo in the future.
Alright, so other housekeeping types of things I want to get out before we get into the news this week while Loki collects himself so we can get to the first story.
Housekeeping.
No shows off in the near future.
Since we were off last week, we can't think of when we'll be off again.
Yeah, and here's the thing.
Probably not until Thanksgiving.
Unfortunately, us being off is like, remember originally next year.
666 was going to be our birthday.
666 was going to be right on my birthday.
We could cheat and do two episodes in a week.
We should.
I'm sure somebody would forgive us.
We should totally arrange that.
I think we should arrange that at some point.
We'll cheat and do two episodes in a week.
Or if we are able to get at a convention, maybe do a show like at a nearby one, either SacAnime or Fanime again, do a show and that can be...
Or maybe you could come to Power Morphicon with me so I don't go along and do a show from there.
What would Orange Launch Radio have to do at Power Morphicon?
I don't know, but I'm still not one to go by myself.
I saw that they're making the new movie.
I'm disappointed it's not the concept movie that they're in the dark.
Oh, the other one?
I thought it was pretty decent.
So we will be here every Sunday through probably Christmas at this point.
Live.vognetwork.com.
Of course, Sunday nights, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
And you can follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R and Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
I do want to mention, speaking of vognetwork.com, I failed in mentioning this last week.
We talked about it on the Bobby Black Wolf Show and then I totally forgot because there's so much other stuff going on.
But speaking of amiibo and Wii U, if you're feeling a little, I want something too.
It's not my birthday, but I want to win something.
Well, guess what?
Wii at vognetwork.com brought back the raffle this month.
And you can win my, me, my personal, my extra NES amiibo from Japan.
If you've been following the Sorted story here on Orange Launch Radio, I ended up with like three NES amiibo from Japan.
So I have one extra that I'm going to be giving away to a lucky participant on the network.
And all you have to do, if you want to enter, you can either participate around the network.
You know, just check out vognetwork.com and poke around the site and see the different ways you can participate there.
Or, of course, probably the easiest way to do it, if you are listening live to Orange Launch Radio, make sure you check in.
There's a little part on the left-hand side over at live.vognetwork.com.
You can check in and that's going to get you five points.
Each point is a ticket.
So all you have to do, you get in there once, you might win.
If you are listening to us on the podcast feed, you're not left out.
You can still get five points.
Somewhere in the show, every week, there is a passphrase.
And you can enter that passphrase in and you will get the five points as well.
But that passphrase is only good for the same week.
Because, obviously, we wouldn't want you to have like 300 passphrases you could enter all at once.
So those passphrases only work for the same week.
So you can put that in.
One last thing, you have to opt in to the giveaway.
So look on the left-hand side for Vognetwork giveaway.
You are not automatically entered just for having participated on the site.
You do have to opt in.
But we're not asking for money.
We want to put a little more fun into the little gamification we have at Vognetwork.
That's all it is.
It's a thank you gift to the community.
I assure you, nothing is seedy going on there except for the fact that,
okay, well, yeah, we'd like to get more hits on our website.
So that's a good way to do it.
Vognetwork.com.
There it is.
Nessa Mibo from Japan.
Check it out.
I think there's actually a picture of me holding it up.
I think I took one before I left for DragonCon.
You can check that out on the left-hand side of Vognetwork.com.
All right.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
Sorry, I'm reading some comments from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says, you have extras because you bought yourself shit two weeks before your birthday.
Lol.
Yeah, but remember, Alan, you got me that sweet Vita with Heaven's Word on it.
And as much as I love the Nessa Mibo, the Heaven's Word Vita is even sweeter.
So thanks.
Alan says, to be honest, I was waiting for Loki to post a Wii U to Twitter and go Nelly caved yesterday.
No, that would have shocked me, seriously, if she had bought me anything that's gaming related.
Well, and I understand.
And she bought me a wallet because she bought me a wallet a while back and I've had that wallet forever.
And to be honest, the size you're splitting on it is because I had way too many cards in it.
And so I have a new wallet and it's nicer. I got to take out most of my cards I don't need and stuff.
You have kids. You went through a difficult job change this year.
The pure fact of the matter is sometimes you have that kind of money to spend, sometimes you don't.
You didn't have the money to spend this year. I did. There we go.
And I'm sure in the future year it'll be like it was 14 years ago or whenever it was you got me that GameCube.
The situation will be different.
All right. Let's get into some actual gaming news tonight.
And it's been a fairly busy week, all things considered. So, Loki, start us off.
All right. So I lost my pager.
Anyways, this is pretty cool.
So we've got Microsoft.
I wish that they had a better way to do these indie games right now because unfortunately they are getting rid of the Xbox Live indie games.
Now as if it wasn't hidden enough.
That's not cool, Loki. You must have been vamping.
Sorry.
That's all right.
Cool that I won't get to play this game Cold War Commander that they have a picture of.
But no, unfortunately I'm hoping that this means that they're going to be launching something to kind of replace it.
But unfortunately they are going to be sunsetting the Xbox Live indie games.
They are giving everybody quite the heads up on that, which is nice.
They're apparently going to not be accepting new applications to put games out there for new developers starting now.
And then you're not going to be allowed to publish games after September 9th, 2016.
And then September 2017 the store will be shut down entirely.
So that's a two year notice.
I mean that's fair.
That's definitely a lot better than...
That's better than what PlayStation Mobile does.
Yes, exactly. Better than PlayStation Mobile.
And what's kind of nice with that too, they're saying that they're working with game conservationists to make sure that they have a way to preserve the content that's on there.
So I think that's kind of cool.
Maybe they're going to take some of the top games and put them on disc or something.
I wonder. I don't know.
That would be cool.
I just hope that they come up with something that's...
I was really hyped about the fact that one time they said,
Oh hey, yeah, you're going to be able to flip a switch or do something on your retail Xbox One and use it as a dev kit.
And I thought that would be awesome.
I kind of like how Xbox Live indie games was where anybody could pretty much just publish a game and you get to play it.
Yeah, it's filled with a lot of crap, but so is Steam.
But that doesn't necessarily mean that it was all terrible.
There could have been some good stuff on there, but they didn't really promote it or do anything with it.
It just kind of was there.
I remember people really had to get on Microsoft to really promote.
There was a while there where the indie games were really tucked away.
Well, they still were. They still are.
It's really hard to find stuff like that.
But they're not on Xbox One, which is worth pointing out.
And it looks like at this point they're not going to be.
Unless there is some type of, you know, you never know what might be in the works.
There might be some type of new thing.
Maybe because it's so easy to develop for PC, maybe something that works in tandem with Windows 10.
Question mark, who knows?
I honestly like the Steam Greenlight system, the way they kind of have it where you have peer voting and stuff.
There's a little bit of a fee that's associated with getting that on there.
And then that's that.
Then you publish your game once you get enough people backing it.
I think that kind of weeds out a lot of shit.
Not all of it.
I mean, there are still games that come through that are pretty crappy.
But it's not as bad as some of the stuff on these other platforms, even like iOS and stuff.
Because the barrier entry is so low, you do get a lot of crap.
But I really wish they had something that's...
And I think Sony is the same thing.
Because PlayStation Mobile was pretty awesome.
It's sad that not a lot of people developed for it.
But I like the fact that Unity supported it.
And I wanted to develop for it at one time.
But I just couldn't do it in time, I guess.
And to be fair, there could be a successor there too.
You never know.
I'm just hoping that there is someday.
Just make it simple so people can...
I understand that you don't want the content flooding your marketplace and stuff like that.
But I'm sure there's a happy medium that can be met with making it easy for people to develop games for the platform.
But also weeding out a lot of the garbage.
I don't know. There's got to be a way to do it.
Some comments from chat over at live.vongnetwork.com.
Kaijuto in chat says this isn't a surprise.
That's Microsoft's MO.
I guess kind of pulling the plug on things.
But I do feel like, I mean, this didn't get the rug pulled out from under it like 1 vs 100.
Or Microsoft Game Room.
I feel like indie did get a lifespan.
It's just difficult to see that it's not continuing onto Xbox One.
And it's not evolving.
At least that we know of.
And look at 2017.
I mean, that's a long time after the Xbox One launched to be supporting even the Xbox 360.
That's quite a distance away.
I mean, there's no games going to be coming out for the Xbox 360 at that point.
So I don't know.
I think it's fair.
I mean, definitely fair.
And I liked some of the comments I was reading actually in the gamedev blogs and stuff like that on Reddit.
But they're like saying, oh, finally, because I guess you have to hit a certain threshold to get paid out.
But, you know, September 2017, they're finally just going to pay.
If you have something left in there, they're just going to push a check to you.
And someone's like, finally, I get the $80 that's been sitting there because they haven't been selling anything.
That Microsoft's been getting interest on for like five years.
Collecting interest on.
That they bought bonds with or something probably.
Yeah, so finally get paid out on that.
So I think that's kind of cool.
I just, I don't know.
I wish that they had something now for that to make it easier to develop.
Because right now it isn't easy to get.
You have to have like a company.
You have to have like a game that they actually want on the platform.
And it's a lot of hoops you have to jump through to get stuff on there.
Whereas indie games is just like, okay, you pay your fee, start publishing games.
Go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Matt says, I think they gave everyone fair enough warning to develop their game, post it up, and make money off it.
They didn't want to put money promoting it.
They seemed to leave that up to the indie game developers themselves.
I mean, yeah, again, it was two years.
It's still a big window of time.
Akuma JP in chat says, this is why Japanese won't support the Xbox.
This is just not how we make business.
But curiously, again, to bring up PlayStation Mobile, I mean, I realize that was a different thing.
And I guess really it was only the Vita.
But it had the PlayStation TV as well.
I mean, that seemed to end more abruptly.
I mean, I know there was notice, but it wasn't two years, certainly.
No, it wasn't two years.
And I'm surprised that they are getting rid of that, because it just doesn't seem...
I don't know why you would do that.
I would think especially, I mean, not to get too ahead of ourselves,
because we'll talk about the Apple TV announcements later in the show.
But especially with that having happened, you know, it's like that PlayStation TV could have been a really good answer.
But I don't know.
I've got one. It's okay. I don't use it, unfortunately.
But for $30, I couldn't pass it up.
And it's something I'm going to consider for maybe some Vita games or maybe even plain downloadable PlayStation 1 games.
Although I still have a backwards compatible PlayStation 3.
Cross my fingers that it doesn't die at some point.
But it's still such a compact little device that you can hook up to your TV and do all that stuff with.
And, you know, seeing with Apple TV, I was just saying, you know, when they were showing all that stuff off,
like, hey, you know, I kind of need a replacement for my Boxee even more so today,
because my internet stopped working on my Boxee.
So it's, well, partially stopped working on my Boxee.
Thank God Netflix still works. Otherwise, everybody would be trying to kill me.
But, like, nothing else works on that.
And it's just, it's old. It's just breaking.
So something like that, you know, I was like, you know, that's not that expensive.
The fact that you can play games on it looks kind of cool.
I mean, maybe. Might consider it. I don't know.
All right. Well, in the interest of time, I'm going to go ahead and move on to the next story.
A big news announcement this week that, kind of a surprise announcement in a way regarding Pokémon.
There was a new Pokémon game that was announced this week, but it's not a new 3DS game or anything like that.
They kind of, Game Freak kind of came out of left field and announced a new game called Pokémon GO,
which is going to be coming out in early 2016.
It is a mobile game, but it should be noted, remember, even though everybody associates Pokémon with Nintendo,
Pokémon is actually created by a company called Game Freak, who just, Nintendo is kind of their publisher.
So technically this is not a Nintendo mobile game, but certainly Nintendo and Game Freak are working together to make this game.
But what also makes this particular announcement interesting is that they are teaming up with a third company to make this game,
and that company is Niantic. If that name sounds familiar, that's because...
Then you're a terrible person.
Shut up. I've talked about this on the show before. Niantic is the company that makes Ingress.
Which is garbage.
No, shut up. That game I've talked about on the show that got me out and moving around and I've lost weight because of it
and caught myself in a cemetery at sunset in the rain to make super big fields in.
But a game that kind of got me out and about and moving is teaming up with these Japanese companies
to get out this Pokémon GO game.
Loki, you always give me shit. I mean, he does it too, but Loki, you give me shit about Ingress here on the show.
What do you think about the fact that now Pokémon is going to enter sort of that thing?
Well, now you're going to have a lot more kids competing against you, but...
Well, to be fair, Ingress and Pokémon are going to be separate.
And my hope as an Ingress player is that Ingress support doesn't wane because of Pokémon GO.
The client could already stand to be better.
Who in Pokémon GO?
Well, to be fair, we don't know outside of the announcement trailer.
We saw stuff that you can do. You capture, you battle, and at the end of the trailer it looked like they were in Times Square or something.
And there was Mewtwo there, and everybody that was around was actually battling just that singular Mewtwo, almost like a raid boss.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Here's my thought. As a long-time Ingress player, you know, well, it's been over a year now since the iOS client came out.
Here's my thought on how Pokémon GO is going to work.
It's not going to be like what you saw in the trailer where you have your phone out and it's like a camera and the Pikachu is hiding behind a mailbox or something.
It won't be like that.
Why? Pokémon Snap. Come on.
I don't really see that being the reality of how the game is going to function.
I think what's going to happen is when you get close to one of Niantic's landmarks in their database, which they've built up thanks to Ingress,
and they had another, they had a web database that was for Google. I forget the name of it. It's something like Public.
But they were developing this Places of Public Interest.
I think what's going to happen when you're near one of those places, you're going to get alerted from either like a text message or like one of those alerts on your phone,
or through that little Poké Ball thing they're selling separately that you are near a Pokémon.
And that's when you're going to get out your phone, and then it's going to say there's a Pikachu five yards away,
and then I still don't know how the strength of those guys will be determined or any of that,
but I imagine that's how you'll battle is that you'll be at one of these Places of Public Interest that has already been built up because of Ingress,
and then you'll be able to find the Pokémon there.
Now, the key difference between the two games though, Ingress is a faction war.
It's not necessarily PvP, but it's team versus team.
And there's, you know, there's green versus blue, and that's very much what Ingress is in.
Pokémon, though, is not going to be team versus team, I don't think.
You might have some player versus player, but you're not really going to have like a faction that you have allegiance to. I don't see that happening.
Team Rocket? Team?
I could wish.
Am I going to have to fly to Ecuador to get the one Pokémon there that I want?
I don't think it'll be that crazy, but I think they will tap into Ingress to see the places people rarely go to determine where the Pokémon go.
I wonder also, I was speaking with some retail workers about this, because we all, even though I hate Ingress and I think this is stupid,
I will try it, because I try all the Pokémon games at least, but say you find like a Pikachu or whatever,
are they going to have shiny versions too? Because that just makes it literally the worst.
That's where the microtransactions come in.
Do you buy like a pill to make them shiny?
Well, here's the thing. Ingress doesn't have microtransactions.
Ingress makes their money, well first off, they were a Google project until the alphabet split,
so for a long time they were just a Google pet project where, you know, that money just seems to literally come out of thin air.
But I think they make most of their money from sponsorships.
For a while, all Jamba juices were portals.
A European or Japanese company called AXA sponsors one of the items in the game, and it's a very rare, powerful item.
Hope you like going to Evil G, because some of those Pokémon are going to be there.
And pre-order your next copy of Pokémon for Wii U.
I worry it's going to have to do like Pokémon Shuffle on iOS.
It's going to have more to do with like the strength of the Pokéballs to capture things,
and all that is what's going to really come into play.
So, we'll see. Pokémon Shuffle has a lot of microtransactions in it.
That's a garbage game.
Yeah, I hope it doesn't do that.
Cial in chat says, buy a $3.99 shiny charm that lasts for X hours.
I would do that if it was like, if I could get shiny ones I wanted, not like a shiny Pikachu or Pidgey.
SSJ100Matt says, also, I wonder if it will build off that Pokémon Google Maps thing.
Cial says, I live in the woods and nowhere, so no raid boss for me.
Well, here's how the raids in Ingress work, is that they have an event every few months or so in different cities around the world called an anomaly.
And all the people from the teams in the area, if they can, show out and they essentially battle over what is called volatile portals.
And there's like 50 or so portals in the area that are considered volatile,
and they're measured every hour, who controls them, who's fielded from them,
and they're battling for which team's going to win, and ultimately have an impact on the story.
So, my thought is, when you saw that scene in Times Square, I have a feeling they're going to advertise,
Mew will be at the Embarcadero in San Francisco at X time.
And so you're just going to have hundreds of people show up to all contribute to taking down Mew.
And that was kind of the vibe I got in that video, was that everybody had their phones out trying to attack Mew.
Mewtwo, that was Mewtwo.
Mewtwo, and Mew probably.
But it's going to be like an Ingress anomaly where they're going to encourage people to all show up at one place at a certain time.
As long as it's not just the 151 Pokemon, because I don't care about them, then I'll probably play it at least two days.
Xtafur in chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
Hey Xtafur, good to hear you, good to hear from you,
says, this sounds like cell phone larping.
Well, it kind of is.
Pretty much.
I've met some cool people through it, but, you know, again, it's exercise for me, my step-counting.
Do they dress up? Like, you know, with their fashion?
They wear green or blue if you're the other guys. We all wear green or blue when we go to the anomalies.
Well, I haven't been to an anomaly, I just see the pictures.
But I went to a cross-faction, like, meet-up thing.
You know what's interesting, though? Not to make this a sad thing, but what's interesting about the way this news was timed,
Ingress lost a popular community member on the same day that Pokemon GO was announced.
One of the liaisons that worked for Niantic that went to a lot of community events, his name was Joe Philly, passed away suddenly.
Within hours, that news came out of the Pokemon GO announcement.
So it was interesting because there was a lot of people online that were like,
This is really tacky that they are announcing this when this guy has just passed away.
But unfortunately, you know these types of announcements.
First of all, it was Game Freak's thing, not Niantic's thing, and the ball was already in motion.
But it was really kind of oddly timed for the Ingress fans because you have this exciting news about a new game,
But at the same time, this really tragic news about a very valued community member all happening at once.
It was very unfortunate.
Zippo25 in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
They need a new Hitman GO based on this. You get a call to show up at X location and get paired off against another player to see who wins the hit.
Interesting.
Tigerclaw says it would be funny if that many people showed up doing that,
and then regular people who are around are looking at them funny thinking,
What are those people doing?
That happens with Ingress today.
The next anomaly is in San Francisco, but it's the weekend of GamerX in San Jose, so I can't go.
But go to San Francisco on that day, and I think they're doing one in New Orleans the next week.
If you go to one of those, you're going to see that. Tons of people just staring at their phone.
Actually, me and some of the other players here locally all met up at a community garden a couple weeks ago to do what we call a farm.
We basically all worked together to build very high-level portals to fleece the gear from it, essentially.
And we were doing that. We were walking up and down this garden, all staring at our phones while we're trying to finish quickly before the other team shows up to stop us.
And the people that were working on planting the garden were like,
What are you all doing over there?
And so one of us had to kind of pull over and explain it's a game and GPA.
So that happens today with Ingress, so it's going to get even more so with Pokemon Go, I'm sure.
So, anyway, more to come on this in the coming weeks.
Beta testing supposedly happening in the next year. It'll be fun to get in on that.
And the game itself is supposed to release first quarter of 2016, assuming there's no delays. We'll see what happens, but there it is.
There's going to be a closed beta, apparently.
So you are going to try it, though. You're going to put your hatred of Ingress aside.
The only reason you hate Ingress is because you purposely rolled on the other team to piss me off.
Yes, but I hated Ingress because it was about as boring as The Visit from M. Night Shyamalan.
It's M. Night Shyamalan. Was it funny?
What were you expecting?
No, it wasn't funny. I'm taking this to the movie talk for a minute.
Because Lady in the Water was bad, but you could laugh at it.
The Happening.
The Happening was really bad, but you could really laugh at it.
The Visit was just dumb, and it's just such a bad, bad movie.
Movie reviews by Shane Alinko, everybody.
It's just terrible.
On the vog scale of A through F, what would you give it?
What's lower than an F?
I don't know if it goes lower than F.
Z minus.
How the mighty have fallen. I mean, seriously, he had so much potential.
Mega Man X400 in our chat says,
Here in Toronto there was a big Ingress event and people were in hordes.
In blue or in green and with their tablets, portable power packs, etc.
It was crazy. It's probably an anomaly.
I'm just glad that the colors aren't red and blue and they don't have any of those events going on in L.A.
Because that would be awkward.
There's some people in Ingress that are all about, we need a third faction.
There needs to be a red faction.
No.
The game's crazy enough.
Should be green and purple or something like that.
Moving on. Another story. Logie.
I just don't understand Nintendo and their...
I just don't think they get online videos.
Here they go again.
Before there was the whole issue where they were copyright striking videos
because you had to be part of this Nintendo content creator thing.
You had to basically say, oh, you're going to pay them half your money or whatever the case may be.
Now they're going after a pretty famous speed runner.
Was that Pangea Panga?
I guess he had a video of the hardest Super Mario World level ever.
It has millions of views on his channel.
They basically copyright strike a lot of his videos and also send him a cease and desist
saying that we wish to inform you that the videos in question infringe on Nintendo's copyrights.
Basically saying in order to create these videos, it's basically this...
Here, let me just get to the gut of it here.
Nintendo encourages fan engagement on YouTube through Nintendo creator program.
Under the program, participants are granted license to use Nintendo's character games.
Aren't they still super backlog though?
And then the code of conduct included with the agreement, subject to the code of conduct in the agreement.
However, please note that the code of conduct prohibits you, among other things, from posting any content
using unauthorized software or copies of the game.
This includes videos featuring tool-assisted speed runs, which may require making a copy of the game's ROM file
and running the copied ROM through an emulator.
Oh, so this is how they're getting emulators and hacks pre-Mario Maker, essentially.
They weren't mad that he was speed running Mario World.
It's just, you have to use an emulator to do this so we know you're doing something illegal,
so we're going to copyright strike you.
That's what they're doing.
You know, I definitely think it's part of Mario Maker coming out.
You know, it's just like, oh, well, you know, we don't want, we want all the attention on our product.
But I think that's just kind of, once again, it just leaves a kind of a sour taste in your mouth.
It's like, okay, people are just doing this because they're fans of your games.
And, you know, before you came out with Mario Maker, and let's be honest,
you got the idea for Mario Maker from seeing all these speed run, you know, ROM hack things on the internet.
This is probably where you got your idea.
And now you're just like kind of biting them back, you know, saying, you know, well, now that we have this, you can't do this.
Here's my question. I'm going to be devil's advocate a little here.
I don't personally feel this way.
I kind of think Nintendo has bigger fish to fry and this is not very good PR for them.
But all that being said, I mean, essentially, were those videos monetized?
Because, I mean, in a way, you're making money off of something that's stolen and hacked.
I mean, again, I kind of think it's one of those, what's Nintendo really losing out of this?
I don't, except maybe part of the ad revenue.
But I can kind of see the argument where, well, this guy on the YouTube maybe shouldn't be making money off emulators.
You know, and I don't know, I would assume with million views that he probably did have them monetized.
Let me just see here.
They're saying that there's other people that have received the same type of letters as well.
You know, let's see here.
I don't understand why they asked me to delete the videos in the email seeing that they already did by force.
So they actually went and deleted the videos already.
I don't know.
I don't, you guys, I don't understand.
I don't think they understand kind of how everything is working nowadays.
Where like, how word spreads about a lot of things.
Let's look forward.
How Mario maintains his popularity for 30 years.
Yeah, look at Mario Maker.
Okay, look at Mario Maker.
Perfect example.
And this is totally, which you have to thank YouTube for.
I wanted, you see, I was on the stance before where I don't want a Wii U because, you know, I don't think it's worth one game, you know, to purchase a Wii U.
And then I saw YouTube videos from people making Mario Maker levels.
Now I know that Nintendo may use the excuse, well we authorize these people to make videos because we're trying to promote it.
But that's how it works.
Not even necessarily them doing it.
You know, you could have just done nothing to release the game and then you would have had other people making YouTube videos of these different levels or, you know, doing runs of these hard levels or, you know, lots of these top 10 levels of the week, you know, that are hard or silly or whatever.
And that's going to get more exposure for your game.
It's going to sell more systems.
That's what got me into the idea of wanting a system.
Because it was like, well, maybe I'll just get an Xbox One.
And then I was like, eh, you know, I'll just hold off on that because, you know, I don't know, a crackdown, that's all I really wanted.
But I just don't understand why they see the coming back of these people.
They're not losing a ton of money in ad revenue.
I mean, I don't understand why they're doing that.
They need to, I think, take a better stance towards fandom instead of trying to make as much money as you can off of all this other content.
Really good discussion and chat going on right now.
I'm just going to read a couple comments here.
MegaManX400 says, Nintendo is just very protective of its brand because it's all they have.
They don't have operating systems and DVD players to fall back on.
That being said, they do need to loosen up a bit.
Extover says, the question is whether Nintendo is burning bridges with its fan base by doing things like this.
They might be.
I mean, I hope we can all agree that Nintendo would have been fine without jumping on YouTubers.
So, those comments from our chat over at Live.Von Miller.com.
I mean, unless they're hoping that these speedrunners are going to sign up with them.
I mean, I don't think that, I think after you've taken all their videos away and basically shut down their channel with copyright strikes,
that they're probably not going to be too apt to, oh well, I better just join that creators program.
It's the internet. They'll go to another video service.
They'll go to another game. They'll go to another company.
They'll be like PewDiePie that said, to hell with you Nintendo, I'm not giving you my revenue.
You don't understand who I am. I have a billion views on my videos.
I don't need you. You need me.
So, I don't know. I think that's what it's going to come down to.
Because there's a lot of indie developers out there that have similar types of games that they would like the exposure a lot better.
Alright. Well, I don't usually like to talk about rumors.
But, you know, they can be fun once in a while.
And there's some more rumors making their rounds this week about Nintendo's next platform, which we all know is codenamed NX.
So, some of the little tidbits from the latest rumors going around.
NX, a platform. Not necessarily tied to a single device.
Wii U is still in the picture because of things like Splatoon and that's still going to be the main console in 2016.
They're going to replace the 3DS, but it's like a portable NX.
And Nintendo with NX is creating a platform where they can do software for multiple devices with ease from a console to the smartphone and tablets.
There's going to be a catalog available for multiple platforms, cross-buy, cross-saves, cross-play, similar to what you see Microsoft doing with Xbox One and Windows 10.
Nintendo's ID is tied to the single device, your Nintendo Network ID, but it's going to share the details between platforms like your friends list,
the new membership program that's going to be the successor of Club Nintendo as far as the rewards.
They're going to show the portable in Spring of 2016. It'll be out at the end of the year, Spring 2017 max.
And they say it's going to be a little more powerful than a PlayStation Vita.
The Wii U successor will not have an optical drive. It's going to be optional.
And it will sync with the portable, but it's not obligatory.
The specs are not high, but close to what PlayStation 4 and Xbox One does today.
Nintendo putting a lot of focus on the anti-piracy system.
Again, these are all rumors, but I got to say, it does kind of make sense.
I want an optical drive. I don't like that rumor.
It could be fan fiction based on some of the things we've heard, and that's certainly something that can happen to us.
So just take this with a huge grain of salt.
But the first thing we heard about NX was that it was going to be, in the Club Nintendo's successor platform,
would work across all of these different platforms.
So I can see where Nintendo is really trying to unify the portable, the console, and the phone,
which is, I guess, really a part of portable, but you basically have your dedicated devices and then the phones that everybody has.
So I mean, some of that does make a lot of sense, that Nintendo's going to switch it up a little bit,
and especially, I have this weird feeling there's going to be a thing where it's just like,
hey, I'm playing a game on my Nintendo Wii U, and then, oop, I got to pause because I got to go somewhere.
I'm going to pick it right up on my new portable device that's going to play it as well.
I have a weird feeling that's kind of the edge that this thing's going for, but we'll see.
I don't know. Again, these are just rumors.
They're fun to talk about, but we're not really going to know anything until we get to E3 next year.
Bobby Blackwolf says, bandwidth caps like optical drives.
Well, not if you're Metal Gear Solid 5.
Dungeon Buster says Nintendo wants to turn the console into a terminal box.
Xtover says, so NX could be an OS.
Oh crap, here comes Nintendo Android systems.
And then Rama corrected, he's saying Nintendo said it wouldn't be Android.
Of course it wouldn't because they want their own proprietary thing that might be similar.
And Dungeon Buster says, I'm still checking this in rumor land, but it's interesting to think about.
I feel similarly, which is why I brought it up.
I'm interested to see what they come up with.
Like I said, I think that they have the opportunity to do something innovative.
I mean, they did that last generation with the Wii.
Let's see something, I want to see something new.
I want to see something that I haven't thought of yet that's just like, wow, hey, that's really cool.
Like when motion control happened on the Wii for the first time.
Exactly. That is totally a different way to play games before.
And it was really immersive, except the graphics weren't that great.
But it was all about the gameplay.
And I'm just hoping that they come up with something.
And also something that spec-wise is similar to the competition,
so that you can have multiple versions of games that are going to be available on there as well.
Which hopefully the competition isn't releasing the Xbox 2 and the Playstation 5 or whatever they call them around the same time.
But we'll see. Let's move on, Loki.
Alright, so there's some more rumors.
This in the form of a LinkedIn profile talking about Kingdom Hearts 2.9.
And basically some information from a game designer, including also some details about Kingdom Hearts 3 as well.
With that, they had basically Kingdom Hearts 2.9 to be on the Playstation 3 and Playstation 4.
They didn't really give too many details about it, other than that it maybe exists.
Kingdom Hearts 3, they kind of talked about some different levels as well.
There's going to be the Gummi Ship system in there again, because it's one of the bullet points of stuff that this person worked on.
Also, Disney levels involving Disney and Pixar licenses.
Well, obviously Disney licenses, but Pixar licenses, that's kind of neat.
And then, what else?
Multiplayer planning, that's kind of cool.
Wow, that's going to be interesting with multiplayer.
Yeah.
I am so glad, however, that I did not buy the Kingdom Hearts 2.5 on Playstation 3.
And I only didn't buy it because I barely touched the Kingdom Hearts 1.5.
I love those games, but just so many games fighting for my attention, those games are a huge investment.
But my gut told me when Final Fantasy X got announced for Playstation 4, I was like, this is going to happen with Kingdom Hearts as well.
And sure enough, here we are.
Although it took longer than I thought it would.
But I guess if they're going to add something to it that's pretty major, as opposed to what they do with Final Fantasy, then I guess it makes sense.
I kind of wish those games were out a little bit sooner.
I mean, I do want to play the new Final Fantasy game.
And I don't know, the longer it takes is the less hyped I'm about it, I guess, if that makes sense.
And when we first saw 13 versus, it was like, oh man, that looks awesome.
But now it's just kind of like, eh, I don't know.
Yeah, but if they show that inevitable Tron level, maximum hype all over you.
We'll see.
I just want that new Tron game that's supposed to be coming.
Oh, it'd be amazing.
That, that I need in my life.
Alright.
Well, Tokyo Game Show is coming to our life pretty soon.
And Sony's announced what they're going to be showing at Tokyo Game Show.
Of course, they're going to be showing a little bit with the Morpheus.
That's pretty cool that that's going to be there.
Also, on the Playstation 4, they're going to show Odin Sphere, Star Wars Battlefront, Street Fighter V, Pro Evo Soccer 2015, Call of Duty Black Ops 3,
Taken King for Destiny, Tearaway Unfolded, Uncharted Nathan Drake Collection, Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Storm 4.
That's just a portion of the games.
There's so many.
I can't read them all.
On the Vita, because they're still loving their Vitas in Japan, they're showing Minecraft, the Playstation Vita edition,
Tokyo Xanadu, God Eater Resurrection, and Airship Q are all going to be Sony's presence at the Tokyo Game Show.
And we're going to have a lot of news coming out of that in just a couple weeks, I'm pretty sure.
As far as Konami goes, yes, Konami is going to be participating in Tokyo Game Show 2015, and they're going to show some games as well.
It's a little bit smaller.
In fact, they're going to be showing two games for consoles.
Metal Gear Solid V, and Pro Evo Soccer 2016.
So games are already out.
Yep.
But they've got mobile.
They've got Pro Evo Soccer Club Manager, and Jiku Powerful Pro Yaku comes out.
Ice Ball.
Yes.
And then there's some game they're partnering up that Tokyo Xanadu is some type of Konami partnership.
And that's Konami's lineup.
Well, I guess the booth won't be completely empty at least.
Maybe there'll be a Pachinko machine or two.
Lastly, Square Enix.
I don't think we've heard exactly what games are there yet, but some of them.
We know Final Fantasy XV, Star Ocean, Just Cause 3, that's all going to be there.
But there is a secret block as well.
So Square Enix is going to be showing something secret at Tokyo Game Show.
But that, of course, makes a lot of sense.
It could be something they've announced.
It could be something else.
Maybe Kingdom Hearts 3.
Maybe not.
2.9.
It could be that 2.9 we just talked about.
That's a very distinct possibility.
So we'll see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Islands Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, hamburger.
Alright, let's travel around the world right now and check out some release dates of video games that are coming out soon in a store near you.
And now we're starting to ramp up into that time of year.
It's after Labor Day, right, Logie?
Yes.
And speaking of which, kind of like going back to, you know, you're worried about my wife getting me a Wii U.
Oh yeah?
She's like, I'm like, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Look at what Rob bought me.
First, she couldn't see it on her phone.
She didn't get a new phone.
And then I'm like, he bought me a Wii U.
And she's like, what's that?
Like a new Nintendo game console?
Oh, your wife is great.
Yeah, she doesn't know anything about games, so whatever.
Anyways, you know that thing I've been bugging you for months and months about?
I haven't though, see that?
I don't talk to her about games because she's just like, I don't care, whatever.
It'll play Grey's Anatomy in HD.
She's already finished with Grey's Anatomy right now.
At least until new season comes up.
So anyways, this week, yeah, lots of stuff coming out.
So NHL Deluxe Edition coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as the Legacy Edition.
In other words, Roster Update Edition on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Disgaea Triple Play Collection coming out on PlayStation 3.
Also NHL 16, the regular edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Senran Kagura 2 Deep Crimson on 3DS.
Forza Motorsport 6 on Xbox One.
I guess I'll have to buy this.
Earth Defense Force 2 Invaders from Planet Space, that's out on Vita.
And Sanu, I knew there was a reason I bought the PlayStation TV.
Pro Evo Soccer 2016, man, I didn't even realize they were releasing it this year.
But that's out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Destiny The Taken King, that's going to be coming out as well.
You can get the disc version of that.
I just realized, because of your gift, we totally skipped our gaming weeks.
Talk about Destiny.
We'll do that to start a Part B.
We'll pick that up again to start a Part B.
And then, let's see here.
So Destiny The Taken King on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Xbox 360.
Pro Evo Soccer 2016, that was also on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Oh man, lots of stuff this week.
Let's see.
It's happening, winter is coming.
Yeah, seriously, there's just lots and lots of stuff.
What else do we have here?
I ran out of stuff on this page.
Alright.
New page?
New page, here we go.
And that's actually it.
Wait, no, hold on, let me check my calendar here real fast.
God damn it, Loki.
Unfortunately, because there are Sunday launch dates, thank you Activision,
we have Skylanders Superchargers coming out.
The starter pack on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4,
iPad, Xbox One and Xbox 360 and Wii U.
Shane, you're the only Skylanders fan I know, are you excited?
Are you passing on this Supercharged Skylander?
Because you're all about Dino Charge Power Rangers now.
Well, first of all, those two things aren't even tied together.
I will be about Power Rangers for forever.
Skylanders, this one, I don't care about.
I didn't care about the last one either.
But more so this one because there's less characters.
And that's what I like.
There's a lot of gimmicks.
Last one was like, ooh, hey, you can trap Teemo, you can trap shit.
Okay, cool.
This one, ooh, they got cars.
Just the whole thing that makes Skylanders cool to me
was all the cool characters that they'd make.
Because even if you don't like the game,
the characters themselves are pretty cool looking.
And in this game, because of all these new big vehicles,
they only have two characters for each element
unless it's the light and dark, which only have one.
Where you're usually getting like five or six characters per element.
And so I don't like that.
Some of my favorite characters aren't back in this game,
so why do I want to play that?
But hey, you can always get the Wii U version.
No, because I don't want those Bowser or Donkey Kong amiibo.
Those are ugly.
Now, Shane, since I brought up the Power Rangers adjacent thing,
just so our listeners know, your love of Power Rangers is very deep.
It's super deep.
How many toys do you have?
Those little chargers.
Those little tubes.
They're batteries.
They're batteries, and they power the other toys?
As of today, I have 72 of those, because I got two more today.
There's a picture where you've lined them all up by color,
and it's astounding.
No, by number.
Oh, by number?
Because they're all numbered.
It looks like a rainbow, though.
I have like eight of one, because they're slightly different.
And no, this is like the most important thing in my life.
Did you ever play, was it that...
I want to say it's like, that was like Chroma something.
Chroma Squad.
No, not yet.
I would like to, but it's also a strategy game,
and I suck at strategy games.
What was that Dancy game you were playing the other day?
It wasn't Dancy.
It looked like they were dancing.
No.
Power Rangers.
It's a new Power Rangers Dino Charge mobile game called Dino Charge Rumble,
and it's like a unique story with comic book style,
and it's actually fun.
It's probably my second...
No, it's my first favorite iPhone game this year.
There you go.
I'll let you talk about Power Rangers on the show.
I could talk a lot longer about Power Rangers.
All right.
Well, we've got to get to Japanese release dates.
Well, that's where they come from, so...
Including Destiny the Taken King coming out in Japan on the 17th as well
for the PlayStation 4.
NHL, oh, excuse me.
That's a Europe date.
MotoGP 15 coming out in Japan as well.
Nobunaga no Yabu Suzou goes into the best getting a price reduction.
Rugby League Live 3 is another year.
Why am I...
My list gets all this Europe dates.
Sorry about that.
I was getting excited because I'm like,
we don't get rugby games here in the States,
but I guess they don't get them in Japan either.
That was a Europe dates game.
I thought that like Maxim Games or something,
I think they were publishing like a rugby game at one time.
Maybe they do.
There had to be one on the Wii.
There had to be one on the Wii.
They were making everything for that system.
But anyway, I digress.
They had dog football on the Wii,
so I mean, they've got to have something.
What about cat baseball?
That's what I'm going to play.
Cat baseball.
Sengoku Musou 4 Empires.
If I'm not mistaken, that's Dynasty Warriors.
So there it is on the PlayStation 4.
That'll be a big release this week.
Moving over to the Wii U.
Since they got Mario Maker in the week we were off,
there's really nothing to mention on the Wii U for a little while.
But the Vita still getting a lot of love,
including Biohazard Revelations 2.
That would obviously be Resident Evil.
Getting its release on the Vita this week.
Nanero Reincarnation comes out this week as well.
And there's a new model coming out for the Vita
in Aqua Blue, Glacier White, and Neon Orange.
We're getting the Aqua Blue one.
Raishi comes out on the Vita as well.
And Saki Zenkoku Hen comes out on the Vita as well.
World Trigger Borderless Mission.
And Yunohana Spring comes out.
There's a lot of games on the Vita in Japan.
Like every week, it seems like there's more on the Vita than anywhere else.
But not to be left out of the fun.
There is some Nintendo 3DS games to look forward to.
Or I should say game, but it's a big one.
And there's even some more cover plates coming out,
including a Pokemon character cover plate,
to celebrate Pokemon Cho Fushigi no Dungeon.
Mystery Dungeon.
That's right, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon comes out in Japan this week.
Quickly moving over to Europe since Dark Sakura is not in the house tonight.
Mentioning that in Europe this week,
World of Battleships on the PC on the 17th of September.
And on the 18th, Pro Evo Soccer 2016.
It's kind of a big deal.
It's on every freaking platform you can imagine.
That's all on the 18th of September.
Just one more story and then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of neat.
Apparently there's going to be a sequel to Garry's Mod
that's going to be focused on virtual reality.
And...
What's a Garry's Mod?
Garry's Mod is the thing that's in the source engine
where you can kind of place stuff around.
A lot of machinima videos are made out of that.
All sorts of craziness you can do with it.
They have all sorts of import models and stuff.
But with it, they're saying,
I mean, we're kind of working on a sequel,
so it'd be stupid to raise the price.
They're, I guess, talking about the original Garry's Mod.
Really, it's early days,
so we're looking at having more VR stuff in it.
That's the big point of it.
It won't be called Garry's Mod 2.
And usually, yeah, it's like a physics sandbox game.
I tried to figure out how to use it.
I didn't know what the hell I'm doing in it.
It looks pretty cool that you can make your own,
like, different types of games and stuff.
But, yeah.
Now you have Mario Maker, so you can just make Mario games instead.
I will.
I mean, hopefully that won't put my game development too far behind.
That's the only thing that's going to be a bummer about this whole Wii
is that now you're not going to get any progress in your game.
I'm seriously trying to release my demo before the end of the year.
That is my goal.
Maybe you can get inspired, though.
Exactly.
There you go.
All right.
Well, let's get to it.
We're going to get to the classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault
and picks the game that she thinks,
hey, you guys should be appreciating a classic this week.
But sadly, Dark Sakura's not here,
so I am going to take her place tonight
because I'm not really picking a game for myself.
I'm picking a game that kind of matches the fact
that it is the 30th anniversary of Super Mario Brothers this week.
Now, I couldn't pick Super Mario Brothers, though,
because Dark Sakura already picked that in a previous week,
so I decided to pick something a little different.
I decided to pick the game that was actually Mario's first appearance,
and it wasn't Mario Brothers either.
What was Mario's first appearance?
Crappy Donkey Kong.
Yes, Crappy Donkey Kong, except it's not Crappy.
It's our classic game of the week.
Here it is.
Donkey Kong is the classic game of the week.
Danky Kang.
Danky Kang.
I suppose seems appropriate as well.
Now, and before somebody corrects me,
I realize he was not called Mario.
He was Jump Man,
but we all know that Mario is what he ended up becoming,
so I figured close enough.
And besides, obviously Donkey Kong is a classic game,
despite Shane's hatred for it.
I'm sorry.
A lot of classic games are garbage.
You are so...
What is this?
Are you Princess Irene
and I'm doing that Jones and the Fast Lane again
where she totally derailed the whole segment?
Don't do that.
It's mean.
It's not mean when you're telling the truth about terrible games.
What?
You think Donkey Kong is terrible?
Yeah.
Why?
A lot of classic games are.
They don't hold up.
That game does not hold up.
It's because you don't have the childhood memories.
Yeah, because I'm not 48 years old.
Shut up while I go over this game.
All right, so of course Donkey Kong stars Mario,
or Jump Man in the game,
who has to rescue Pauline,
who I believe was originally named Lady in the game.
And of course you're trying to rescue Pauline from Donkey Kong.
And this was big because it was a platformer type of game.
And keep in mind, this game came out in 1981.
See, even before I was born, so it can't be good.
I was three years old then when this game came out,
so there it is.
This was a game that Shigeru Miyamoto actually made.
It was a project that he was assigned and actually directed this game,
so he was a young guy at this time too.
And Miyamoto took inspiration from other Nintendo games like Popeye,
but also things like Beauty and the Beast and King Kong.
And then this went over to Gunpei Okoi,
who was the producer with this, and they created this game.
And I, despite whatever Shane's saying over there,
I have a lot of great memories of this game,
because if you were an 80s kid,
you remember that this game was literally everywhere.
And it's not so much that it was in the arcades everywhere,
like Space Invaders or Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man especially,
but Donkey Kong, I mean, you think it's weird now
when we talk about a game like Pro Evo Soccer being on the 3DS,
the iOS, the Vita, you know, all these things.
Donkey Kong was in the arcade.
Atari 2600, Intellivision, Commodore 64, Apple II,
ColecoVision, TI-994, I mean, it was on everything,
and that's even eliminating the Game & Watch and all that other stuff.
Now, what you may not know about the game,
because many people experience this through, like,
the Nintendo release of the game,
the official Nintendo that's damn near arcade perfect
that actually came out on the NES,
but did you know it's actually missing a board
that a lot of people refer to as the Pie Factory,
because it looks like there's these pies on the board,
although it's actually cement, it's a cement factory.
That board's actually missing.
It's in the arcade version,
but it's not actually something that was on a lot of the,
it was missing from a lot of the releases.
A lot of releases are missing this board, too,
and you can hear it in the background,
because you hear the little jumpy thing that's going by.
I remember that stage from NES Remix.
Well, and then, isn't this, it's in NES Remix,
but isn't this also a stage in Smash Brothers, if I'm not mistaken?
I'm almost positive it is,
that that shows up as a stage in Smash Brothers at some point.
So, yeah, and again, this game was everywhere.
You may not know, but actually Universal ended up suing over this game,
because it was a trademark infringement of King Kong,
or so they claimed, and so they wanted royalties and all this stuff,
but I guess what ultimately happened is that Universal actually agreed
to allow Tiger to continue producing the King Kong game
as long as they distinguish it from Donkey Kong.
Coleco actually paid some royalties to Universal over this.
Universal ended up suing Nintendo after cease-and-desist letters and all this,
and then what happened?
They ruled in favor of Nintendo at the end.
The judge presiding ruled in favor of Nintendo
with the attorney's fees and everything.
Pretty crazy.
Obviously, this was followed up by a variety of sequels.
Previous classic game of the week, Donkey Kong Jr.
Donkey Kong 3, which a lot of people don't know,
because it really was nothing like, I mean, it looked like Donkey Kong,
but it was more of a shooter than a platformer,
and that's why Donkey Kong 3, I think, is forgotten over time.
So, yeah, also I'm sure many of you guys know the documentary,
King of Kong Fistful of Quarters,
that talks about the quest to break the world record,
but it's long since been broken by other people.
It's not just about those two guys anymore.
There's a whole lot of people going after the high score in this game.
So, there it is, a game I played a lot of on the Commodore 64, Donkey Kong.
I will say one nice thing about it.
Thank you.
I like the hammer music.
The hammer music is pretty cool.
There it is.
Going to a customer chat room over at live.vognetwork.com,
Extover says, Shane has a point.
I always have my phone talking.
Turn your phone off.
I'm trying.
Silence your phone when you come into studio at seven.
It was silence, and then I went to iTunes.
But anyway, Extover says, see most of Rare Replay's games, junk.
Oh, yeah, that's a bad collection.
No, it's not.
It's not a bad collection.
It has Banjo-Kazooie, which makes it a bad collection.
Rose-colored glasses segment.
Now, look, here's the thing.
I truly can go back, if I see an arcade machine,
and I go to a thing like Rock-age or Mag-West
or whatever they're going to call it in the future,
or California Extreme, or even if I go to a place,
and I see a Donkey Kong machine,
I can't resist just giving it one play
and remembering the good old days.
Don't go play crappy games.
I just think without a game like this,
you may not have Super Mario Brothers.
It's more than just about remembering.
They couldn't see, but I just shrugged my shoulders at that.
So you don't even care about Super Mario Brothers?
I really don't for most of the games.
Some of them are really good,
but there's also a lot of garbage ones,
as evident by some of the courses I see in Mario Maker.
Kaijuto in chat says,
I made a game called Donkey Pong.
It's the pong ball, and you launch it at the beams
Donkey Kong stands on.
You know, a lot of people kind of made their own versions
of Donkey Kong, and it really serves the basis.
You know, when a lot of people go to make their first game,
they tend to make games that are like their own spin
on a game that already exists.
Like, Pong is a classic example, you know,
and World 1-1 in Super Mario Brothers is also a classic example,
but Donkey Kong certainly has a lot of their own inspired games out there.
Anyway, there it is, your classic game of the week,
Danky Kang.
I'm going to cite the arcade version as the official selection,
but let's be real, it was everywhere in the 80s.
It was on every home platform and then some.
All right, that is going to take us to the end of part A,
but don't go anywhere.
We've got part B coming up.
Rapid fire news, we still got to do our gaming weeks.
I still have to talk a little more in depth about Dragon Con,
although I won't go too in depth because we're running a little long
as it is tonight.
But we will want to have time for the FUGO Question of the Week
emails and your calls.
It's been a couple weeks, so I'm sure you guys have something to say.
1-877-GAME-OLR or get us on your Skype right now so you can call us later.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But we will be back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio,
live tonight with episode number 613 for this September the 13th of 2015.
And we had a pretty different sort of opening for the show tonight.
We were reminiscing not only about Mario's 30th birthday,
but Loki's birthday as well.
The 35th birthday.
The 35th birthday.
And I surprised him pretty big with a super cool hat.
And I surprised him pretty big with a Super Mario Maker Wii U.
And so here it is.
Now Loki will get to speak about Nintendo issues with a little more authority
now that he is a Wii U owner.
So there it is. That's awesome.
So you can join us in our chatroom, of course, live.vognetwork.com.
But amongst all that craziness that was going on at the beginning of the show,
we totally missed our gaming week.
So we've got to talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Shane's joining us in the studio as well, although he's playing on his phone.
I don't know what he's doing. He better not be filming me.
You look like you're filming me.
No, I'm reading Power Rangers stuff.
No, I know it's really important.
But, Shane, quickly, how was your gaming week?
What types of video games did you play this week?
I played Splatoon because it's like my favorite.
And I really only barely scratched Mario Maker
because I've been out and about during that time.
But otherwise it's pretty much the same games I like to play over and over now.
So I'm working still on Dragon Age Inquisition
because I really just started getting into that
because it takes me a while to really just sit down and play it.
And then I'm trying to Platinum Everybody's Gone to the Rapture,
and I love that game.
Oh, yeah, I haven't thought about that game in a few weeks.
That's such a good game.
We still need to do our playthrough at some point.
And still playing Until Dawn because I love Until Dawn.
Are you trying to get that perfect playthrough
where you get everybody alive?
Or are you trying to get them all dead?
Everybody alive.
And Pokémon.
Oh, and then I constantly play my Power Rangers games on my phone
because I always have my phone with me.
Not to be spoilery.
And keep in mind I haven't played the game, so I don't know.
So I'm genuinely asking this question out of surprise.
But without spoiling it, how do you...
Because you can actually beat Until Dawn, but everybody's dead.
But how do you do that if everybody's dead?
Does the last person die in the very last scene or something?
I don't know how everybody can die and you technically still beat it.
But there's a very big decision through choices at the very, very end
that can get a lot of people killed at the same time
if you have everybody alive at that point.
Or certain people alive at that point.
But one always seems to make it out, so I don't know how that works.
All right. Well, I guess...
Again, I don't want to spoil it, so I won't keep asking questions on that.
But glad to hear you're having a good time with that.
Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
I did actually play some stuff this weekend
just because I was too tired to work on my game a lot of times.
So I played...
There was a game that they had on PlayStation Plus, I think, this month.
Zeodrifter, which is like a...
It was like a Metroid-type game, and it was pretty short.
I actually beat it in about three hours.
I played this, too, and I found it to be very hard.
Like, the game was...
Well, first off, you have to figure out which planet to go to first,
and then you kind of have to figure out the order for yourself.
I guess like a Mega Man game or something,
like if you're not using a manual cheat or whatever.
But even that first boss, it was like,
oh, I'm not powerful enough to take this boss on.
So I went to all the other planets, and I'm like,
I have to fight that boss. There's nowhere else to go.
And I was like, dang, and it took me a little bit.
And it gets pretty hard.
Yeah, they have different abilities that they let you have and stuff
as you play through the game, and each planet,
you kind of visit about twice or more than twice,
but you have to go through each one.
I have almost all the side unlocks.
There's a few hidden things I still haven't found,
but I don't know if I'll go back to it and find those.
But yeah, it can get pretty hard.
Even though that was the case, I beat it in like three hours.
It's pretty short, but it was fun.
Definitely worth checking out, especially since it's free.
I played a little bit of Grow Home,
very little bit more of like my son was kind of interested in wanting to try it
because I had him pick which game we were voting on the previous month
for PlayStation Plus, and that was the one that they picked.
And I don't think he understood quite how to play it,
so he didn't play it too long.
We did play Minecraft, though, on PlayStation 4,
and so we played a little bit of that,
and he's really into that now, just super into it.
And I've kind of been slowly, gradually getting him towards Minecraft
because originally he had been playing the Lego Marvel game,
which he still played more of that this week as well.
I'm getting pretty bored of it being that we've played 210 hours of it now.
So he's been playing that, but he didn't really understand
how to do first-person controls.
So then I switched him over, and this is actually a game
I forgot to mention last week, or last time,
but he started playing Goat Simulator,
because I had Goat Simulator now on PlayStation 4,
and so we'd play co-op Goat Simulator, and he was really digging that.
So he got kind of a little bit better at the camera controls,
and now with Minecraft he's getting a little bit better.
He's still working on it, but he's getting used to that now.
So we're doing creative, and we're building this house thing,
and he's just talking about it constantly,
just talking about Minecraft, talking about Minecraft,
and he's just really hyped up about it.
So we were playing that.
And then, I don't know, what else did I play?
That was about it, yeah.
I was almost going to play some Super Time Force Ultra,
but he didn't want to watch me play that,
because he's like, Dad, you can play anything you want on your birthday.
You can play whatever game you want.
I'm like, okay, cool.
I'm going to go ahead and play Super Time Force Ultra then.
And he's like, no, you're going to play Minecraft.
I'm like, okay.
You can play anything you want from a pre-approved list.
I thought you said I could play anything,
because I wanted to try out Super Time Force Ultra.
And he's like, this game's boring.
I want to see this. Play Minecraft, or play my game.
I'm like, fine, do you want to play your game?
And he's like, yes, I want to play my game.
Oh, kids.
So I'm like, okay, fine, whatever.
He played that.
And then, I don't know, that was pretty much it.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
My gaming week.
I played Super Mario Maker.
We talked a lot about that at the top of the show,
but I didn't really get a chance to review the game.
But I will say I'm having a really good time with the game.
I did not think I would enjoy creating levels,
because I don't consider myself an artistic person.
But I really have taken to it.
And I think part of some of the tools they give you,
like being able to play the game a little bit,
and keep in mind, not all these tools unlock right away.
But they got rid of that whole nine-day thing.
All you have to do, you play for five minutes,
and then it'll say, beep, beep, the truck will be here tomorrow.
But if you just paste a bunch of blocks on the screen,
eventually it's going to say, oh, it's a rushed delivery.
And then the truck shows up.
So you can actually unlock everything in like an hour
if you just sit there and just make stuff over and over
and use every item once.
That's the other important thing.
Use every item once.
That's the other way to trigger it.
Very important.
Anyway.
Do you have to save the stage?
No.
Just it'll pop up.
Once you draw a bunch of blocks, it'll show up eventually.
But, I mean, being able to play the game
and then go right into edit mode and see the trail.
So if you're doing a run jump,
you can see exactly where you would land
and what the trajectory of Mario looks like.
And that was really important to being able to design
what I thought were better levels.
But I've been very surprised throughout the process.
I really enjoy going in
and seeing where people die in my levels
and seeing the complaints people have about my levels.
Listening to Bobby Black Wolf earlier
when we were doing the toss call.
So you can see where people die in your levels?
You can.
When you go into your levels,
little Xs show up on the mini map,
and that's where people died.
And so you can actually kind of get a sense
where people are having difficulty.
But Bobby told me his issue with my level
and basically that there was not enough power-ups.
So now I'm considering,
ooh, do I need to go back and add one?
And it's gonna be very interesting to see
what develops in the Mario Maker community
about a month from now.
Because right now,
a lot of people are making asshole Mario levels
that only they can clear.
Which, that's cool.
There's a time and place for that.
Those levels can be fun.
I played one of those that a friend of mine made.
I was playing it for like an hour,
and you were having fun watching me get frustrated
playing that level, right?
That was fun.
But at the same time,
you don't want to play every level to be that level.
Sometimes you want to get that sense of moving forward
and having that sense of accomplishment.
So a level should be challenging,
but not like OMG screaming
unless that is the niche somebody signs up for, I think.
So now I think, and I even see this happening,
the same person who made that level,
I played some of the levels he made today,
and now it's this really cool balance of
there's tricky parts,
but there's really cool branching and stuff that happens.
And even I'm thinking about what Bobby said
about his feedback on my level,
and I'm like, okay, this is why I might do different next time.
Maybe I'll think about a more difficult path
that has more coins,
but then an easier path that maybe has that second power-up
or something.
I'm thinking about those sorts of things,
and I think it'll make me a better level designer for it.
So all that is really cool.
It is a really powerful thing.
Does it get Mario pitch perfect?
No, because I think in pipes,
there's no one-way pipes that I've seen,
because in the real game, you're supposed to go down a pipe,
and then you come up,
and you're not supposed to be able to go down again,
but you can kind of do that in Mario Maker.
And in the original Mario, if you get a fire flower,
but you don't already have the mushroom,
you just turn big,
and it doesn't work that way in Mario Maker,
which I'm extremely, no, I'm extremely nitpicking.
It's not even a big deal.
I thought it did. I have seen that happen.
No, you'll actually turn into the fire Mario.
I'm almost positive I saw that happen.
Maybe it could have been because, though,
I could have been one of the amiibo characters,
and that happened, but I digress.
It's really not a big deal, guys,
because I thought what was really cool,
one of the coolest things about Mario Makers
is seeing the 8-bit level in HD,
and it looks so much crisper than even virtual console.
It makes me go, oh, my God,
I want to play all the 8-bit games like this.
Oh, my God, give me a Metroid that looks this good.
Metroid Maker?
Oh, I just came.
I mean, that's such a great idea.
Oh, my God.
That would be so good.
I would love to see Metroid.
I would love an NES remix maker.
Like, just remix the shit out of that.
The potential is quite big with this,
so I'm very excited.
I was talking to somebody on Twitter,
Ian from Koopa Club,
and this game is a game that deserves to actually have DLC.
All the things you could do,
you could update the New Super Mario Brothers U stages
to have the amiibo characters,
because right now you can only play the amiibo in 8-bit,
but you could use the Smash Brothers models in those stages
and think about all the other things they could add.
They could add enemy types that they don't have in the game.
They could add more for the music stuff.
It's just, this is a game where DLC, I think, is welcome.
Well, they even have different types of levels or whatever
that you could do that weren't in Mario before.
Well, yeah, and that's the other thing I love,
is that there's actually a ghost house level in Mario 1.
Those didn't exist.
Ghost houses didn't show up until later in the series.
You can also get the little thing that Bowser Jr. rides in.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, all of it.
All the stuff from Mario World, they made Mario 8-bit versions of,
and that's really cool.
Though it is weird that they changed the sprite for Bowser in Super Mario World.
It doesn't look the same as when you fought him in Super Mario World.
Because he was in the propeller in Super Mario World.
Yeah, well, he could just add feet,
but now he looks really, he doesn't look like he fits the design.
Well, and the bridges and the dungeon level don't really match what it was.
Yeah, they don't.
But it's fine. It doesn't matter.
Well, what did they have?
It doesn't matter.
What did they have, though, in Mario All-Stars, though, as Bowser?
Does that match what they have for a 16-bit?
I don't remember playing Mario All-Stars.
Anyway, I don't want to spend too much time on this
because we're running long as a show already.
But I did want to say, I do have to get one of my complaints out
because this is a pretty big complaint.
And as fun as it is to develop levels
and there's such a great coat of polish on this game
and such an attention to detail,
like, this really is the successor to Mario Paint in so many ways.
Did you play Natatek?
They have Natatek in the game.
I haven't got that yet.
I didn't even know this until I heard Bobby explaining it on his show.
That little chomp piranha thing, not the green one, but the black ones, the baby ones,
if you put one and shake it, little flies come off it.
And if you tap all the flies, that's how you get Natatek.
I didn't even know that.
Really?
Yeah.
What about if you hit all the little baby goombas from when you shake it?
Does that do anything?
I don't know.
It just kills baby goombas.
But did you know you can play as a goomba?
That's one of the items you can put in the Question Mark block.
Yes, I got that in a stage.
It was adorable.
Anyway, I have to say my negative, because it's important, because despite that huge
attention to detail that I love so much, Nintendo still train wrecks, train wrecks online basics.
Yeah, they do.
And like, look, I'm sorry.
This is something LittleBigPlanet did right in 2008 that Nintendo still cannot seem to
grasp the concept of.
I have a friends list on my Wii U.
Why can I not just see the levels my friends made?
Because guess what?
You can't do that by default.
They have to send you a code for their level.
Here we go with friend codes again.
And then you have to be perceptive enough to go into the level and then tap the creator
of the level and then give them a heart.
So now they're on your follow list.
And the weird thing is that there's already like a news feed built into the game, because
when somebody plays your level or comments on your level, it'll actually scroll across
the bottom of the screen.
Like, it'll pop up, bing, bing, Loki has just played your level.
And it'll say that or left a comment.
So you can, you know, pause what you're doing and go look at that if you want.
So you would think, I mean, this doesn't seem like rocket science based around Miiverse.
I should have a feed and I go into my friend's feed and it's like looking at Twitter around
Mario Maker.
Loki published a new level.
Shane starred this level and left this comment.
Like, really?
That's not something that's intuitive to you, Nintendo?
Are you?
What are you trying to protect kids from?
Because you have to be on the friends list.
Is it those three second sound clips?
Because you can record your own sound clips and put them in levels later.
So are you afraid that somebody is going to put anus in a level?
Yeah, that's just, that's all you have to do now.
Are you afraid that that's going to happen?
Like, but they're on your friends list consensually already.
I just, I don't understand.
Oh my God, you could draw like a butt out of blocks and then hit the block and it can make a fart noise.
But here's the thing, here's the thing.
You can't, and this is, you can't make your levels private.
So if you did that, Nintendo would probably shut your level down.
But wouldn't it be great if you could make private levels and have Mario after dark?
This is making all these really bad things you can do in the game now.
Right?
This is making the game better.
My other complaint, and correct me if I'm wrong because I may be because I don't have too much experience with it.
But one of my friends made a stage and I told them that, after I played it, that it was, you know, a little too not fun and he should change a few parts.
So he did and he updated it, but the code changed.
So like you can't use the same code, even though all he did was edit the level.
So it's treating it like it's a new level.
So if I have it starred, then technically wouldn't that mean like, because I tried to go back to his list because I had him favorited.
And I clicked on the same level and none of the updates were there.
And it wasn't showing that he had made a new stage yet either.
So I had to put in that new code.
Yeah, see, and these are the basics that are so like, I get low-key angry when Nintendo fucks up these basics.
Because the game is so fucking good, it shouldn't be held back by this basic shit.
And this isn't like, this isn't, this can't be just Nintendo because I mean, there's developers making these games.
I mean, you can't tell me that everybody that works for Nintendo is just like, what, networking, huh?
I mean, like, come on, these people know what needs to be there, but there's somebody got to be vetoing this or like saying, no, no, no, no, we don't want to do that.
You know, I don't understand why they wouldn't do this or have basic functionality for this.
Zippo25 says, Nintendo's continued lack of competence with online architecture makes me nervous for NX, with rumors saying it's all about cross-play and networking.
That's why we get mad too. Like, Nintendo needs to work this shit out.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, it sounds like the old password systems for JRPGs, change something and the code changes, right? Right?
Anyway, all that aside, again, it's a brilliant game and well worth your money, especially if you already own a Wii U.
If you own a Wii U, buy the fucking game because it's limitless 2D Mario.
In fact, and one other little tinfoil hat thing I want to put out there, could this be the last 2D Mario game Nintendo ever plans to make?
Didn't they kind of say that already? They're like, we're done with this formula now.
It's weird to think that there may never be another 2D Mario game.
It's fine because they're kind of tired at this point. Like, there's no real great innovation there.
This game can let people get all their fixes in any sort of 2D Mario game you can make.
Let them focus on something different, like bring back a Galaxy game or something like that.
Anyway, if Nintendo just would patch some of these online things that annoy me, I'd be so happy.
Just make my friends list functional in the game, Twitter feed that shows me what my friends...
Twitter style feed, Miiverse feed, whatever, that shows me what my friends are doing,
that doesn't involve me waiting for 30 seconds for Miiverse to load, only to show so-and-so posted a stage,
here's the code, but you can't just tap on it and go to the game, which you think would be obvious, right?
But that doesn't work. If Nintendo could fix some of those things, and then deeper on my wish list that would be really awesome, private levels.
So I could do my butt fart level that you have a butt and then you hit the block and it goes fart.
I already came up with worse ones in my head.
There would be some hilarious...
Possibly involving some bloopers.
There would be some hilarious stuff you could do that you just don't want to put online for everybody.
Anyway, SD100Matt thinking, I think they keep making 2D Mario games.
As long as people keep buying them, they will keep making them.
I would think they would keep it alive on the 3DS. Maybe. Who knows? Who knows?
I think that the Amiibo characters should have different powers with them.
Like, Mega Man should be able to shoot something or something like that.
That would be really cool, but that might be a different game altogether.
That could be Mario Maker 2. Who knows?
Because I feel like there's more they can do with this setup, but we'll see.
Because, you know, you're not going to get Super Mario Bros. 2 levels.
But see, the physics in that game was so completely different, it's not going to happen.
Well, if we had that Metroid Maker and you could be Mega Man, you would shoot your little blaster.
You get the wave beam to go like that.
It would be an awesome attack with Mega Man.
Imagine the possibilities. It would be amazing.
Exifer in chat says, I mean, they did patch Splatoon and made its online better,
so maybe a patch isn't out of the question to add those features.
I know that's why I'm bitching about it on my podcast that nobody from Nintendo listens to,
but my fingers are crossed that enough of us are giving that feedback.
Hey, Nintendo, maybe they will patch it in.
At least I can say that about Nintendo's online.
As much as some of us hate those day one patches,
at least Nintendo is open to fixing some of these things like they did with Splatoon,
and I think they've even done balance patches with Mario Kart 8 and so forth.
Anyway, I want to get into Rapid Fire News, but quickly I want to mention,
I went back to Destiny this week because there was the big 2.0 update with Destiny,
and I didn't buy any of the expansions or any of that stuff,
and I had some real problems updating it.
Like, it would just say validating data, validating data all weekend long,
and the bar never seemed to move,
but finally I just loaded it on a whim this morning and went,
let's see if it's still broken, and it just loaded.
So I don't know what fixed, but whatever, I'll take it.
So I got to play Destiny, and it's important for me to note,
one of my biggest problems with Destiny, they patched.
Talking about patching and fixing things that are broken.
Light no longer dictates level.
So you can level up in the traditional sense by getting XP
and doing missions on the moon and all that stuff.
It's slow, but you can do it like any other Diablo game or anything like that,
and I think that's pretty awesome.
I don't know, that just kind of energized me to look at the game.
The only downside is, since I didn't bother to buy any of the expansions or anything,
I feel very limited in what I can do.
There's not even a random playlist anymore for me.
I think I can do a legacy strike,
but I can't even do those single-player missions anymore.
I can do them, but I can't do them in the roulette with the extra rewards like they used to have.
So that part's kind of a bummer, and if you didn't know,
I'm sure a lot of people have been talking about this,
so you've probably heard and you've seen the comparisons,
but they patched Peter Dinklage out of the game completely,
even if you don't own the expansion.
I'm not too big on Nolan North in that.
I don't know. Some people liked it. I just thought...
I'm going to keep it real. My honest gut, it's not that big of a difference.
It's still the same character, and I think the character was just a problem.
I don't think Peter Dinklage was ever the problem. It was the direction he was given.
What they should have done is just patched Claptrap into it, and it would have been so much better.
Right? It would have been much better. Much better.
Extover says, buy the expansion and have fun with me, Rob.
I'm thinking about it, but one of my online friends actually said,
you know, at this point, you should just buy the complete package, the $60 Taken King,
that comes with the original Destiny, because it's Taken King and both Destiny expansions.
So it's like, I'm literally re-buying the game, but to get all the expansions cheaper.
Yeah, I have the game and I haven't played it yet, still.
I may sell it back to you. Well, actually, it's probably not worth anything now.
You might want to get in there and look at that at some point.
Anyway, alright, we are running way long, and that was our fault for forgetting game weeks earlier,
but sometimes we mix up the formula here at OLR.
You know, every podcast does gaming weeks at the beginning.
So some weeks we're going to do it in the middle, just to keep you on your toes.
Alright, let's get into some rapid-fire news tonight. Loki.
So, they announced a new Street Fighter 5 character, Rashid.
And it's funny, it's because when I first saw this, I'm like,
wait, haven't we already heard about this? But then I remembered, that was Tekken 7.
Yeah, and that's Shaheen, I think.
Yeah, that was another character, but Rashid is a Middle Eastern character that has,
I guess, a parkour-inspired move set, and he also can throw cyclones.
That's pretty cool. I like that they have new characters.
It's great. He looks like he's going to be really fun to play.
Street Fighter 5 is really shaping up to be a really good-looking sequel for a Street Fighter game.
I want to check it out. But I'm going to wait a little bit.
I feel like there'll be a cheaper one for the holidays or early next year.
They said they don't want to do that. This one's just going to get constantly updated.
Of course they don't.
And of course, this is pretty cool, Epic Games.
They've been putting out Infinity Blade for a while now.
They kind of show off Unreal Engine on iOS and other platforms.
But now they're releasing Infinity Blade 3, and you can download it for free.
What's also cool about that is now, for Unreal 4 users,
if you happen to be making games using Unreal 4 Engine,
you can actually download the assets for Infinity Blade,
the complete assets of the game, and use them in your own projects,
whether they be personal or commercial.
That includes weapons, sounds, creatures, environments.
You name it, you can build with it.
That's pretty awesome. It's all being put out there for free,
as long as you're using it with an Unreal game.
Obviously you can't download that and use it with Unity or something like that.
But that's pretty awesome, and it's all free.
On top of that, Grand Theft Auto Online has been getting quite a bit of updates,
different events and stuff that they have going on.
However, they're saying that now, any updates from now on
are going to be PC and PlayStation 4, Xbox One only.
They are not going to be supporting PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 right now,
just because of the limitations on those platforms.
It's time for people to start migrating to the new consoles,
if they're interested, basically.
Yeah, they said that we managed to pack in two years' worth of free updates
onto the older platforms, but after the release of Heist,
we started to run into some very real memory constraints.
We knew moving forward that the game's online performance
could be in jeopardy if we continue the new content.
But after some creative programming,
we were able to deliver the two-part Ill-Gotten Gains update.
But future updates are going to take advantage of more powerful hardware.
Where the fuck is my single-player expansion?
It's what I want to know.
Seriously, it's been a long time.
Can we please get that expansion already?
I want an expansion.
And this is pertinent to me now.
Super Mario Maker is already getting DLC,
and this is actually coming out in Japan right now,
but they're going to be getting their first DLC character of Neki,
which is the mascot of Famitsu magazine,
and you'll be able to download him soon.
I'm thinking maybe for free, but that's kind of cool
that we'll see some more guest characters, I guess.
I wonder what we'd get here.
Maybe there'd be some cartoon tie-in or something.
How about Jake from Adventure Time or something random?
That'd be kind of awesome.
How about Reggie?
Yes, Reggie. Oh my god, I'm so down with that.
That'd be awesome.
And then there could be sound clips of him.
Or what about Iwata?
Like a cartoon Iwata?
That could be in poor taste for some.
That still might be a bit too soon,
because Iwata was never really imagined in a video game.
Alright, how about Miyamoto?
Miyamoto might be a little different.
How about Tom Nook? We need Tom Nook.
Blathers is in there, so Tom Nook very well might be in there.
Blathers was the first character I unlocked,
so Tom Nook may very well be in there for all I know.
Can you put those characters as NPCs or something in the game?
Because that would be pretty awesome.
No, just power-ups, because they come in the form of a question mark mushroom.
Already getting our wish list for Mario Maker 2.
Anyway, moving on with other games.
Final Fantasy Agito is going to be ending its service on November 30th,
but there is some type of reborn Final Fantasy Agito, which is in progress,
and they're going to be revealing that at the Tokyo Game Show September 17th and 19th.
Along with Final Fantasy XI going free to play?
I imagine this is all part of that initiative.
I wonder if they aren't re-releasing this game for mobile phones on its current strength.
Or perhaps it's going console. Who knows?
Like they did with Type-0 on PS4.
A variety of things could happen. We'll see.
But they are going to be ending service for this game on November 30th,
so it doesn't really affect people over here, however.
And AkumaJP says, reminding Loki, that will never happen.
Do you remember when Final Fantasy X and X-2 came out on the PlayStation 4?
There was a big bug that made the encounters not random.
Not so random?
Yeah, exactly. You would basically gain the same encounters all the time.
That was finally fixed this week.
The random number generator thing was fixed in the game.
Although, it didn't make it unplayable.
But, you know. Anyway, also fixed.
A bug that the background music would start over after each random battle.
All of that has been addressed, even if it took them a few months to do it.
Maybe a reason to revisit Final Fantasy X.
Or some people I know said they wouldn't buy the game until they fixed that.
Well, there you go.
And now the game's probably cheaper than it was when it first came out.
So, you have that.
Nintendo and Atlus' Fire Emblem and Shin Megami Tensei crossover game
is going to be launching for Wii U in Japan on December 26th.
So, enjoy your Christmas cake and pick up Gine Ibu Roku is coming out on December 26th.
There will be a US and European release, but not until 2016.
If you buy the first print run of the game, you get download costumes.
Walter for Shin Megami Tensei IV, the protagonist from Devil Survivor II,
Rei from Persona Q Shadow of the Labyrinth,
and Princess from Materion Odyssey 3, the Drowned City.
So, look forward to that.
I can't wait for that game.
And lastly, Shane.
Oh, the big thing that's really important.
This is the most important news story of the week, right, Shane?
Yes.
Splatfest, the next one, dated September 19th.
And, art versus science.
This is the worst because they're both really good.
And, like, it's not an easy one like cats versus dogs where you should be dogs.
That's incorrect, as usual.
No, that's the totally right answer.
Anyway, that's so three months ago.
But, like, I want to be art because I think it's just art. It's cool.
Bill Nye versus Bob Ross.
Yeah, but everybody that I know is-
When you put it that way, that's the closest anyone has swayed me to picking art.
But I'm science all the way.
We can pick up our shirts now.
So, I'll probably log in tonight and pick up my science shirt so I can start leveling it up.
Here you go.
I will be playing on science as well.
I may have to go pick the game up tonight.
Yes, you should.
That's why your wife's gonna hate me. She's not gonna hate me for the box.
Whatever, you know what?
I'm just kidding, Nelly.
I may have to go pick it.
I'm surprised. I was just looking at the used prices from a certain evil G.
And they're not very cheap. They keep their value, I guess.
For a first-party Nintendo game, that's why.
Yeah, I doubt people are selling back their Wii U games.
Wasn't there a thing that said that Splatoon sold more than Smash Brothers Wii U in the first, like, 16 weeks of release?
That wouldn't surprise me.
Yeah, everybody's on Splatoon.
That really wouldn't surprise me.
And to Nintendo's credit, they've been supporting those games with very long life cycles.
Like, Mario Kart 8.
I mean, people probably aren't selling that back either because there's still stuff to see in that all the time.
And I wonder if they're not gonna squeeze more into it.
Well, and Splatoon gets free map releases.
And just, like, on Friday night when they announced what we were picking for Splatfest, they released a new gun.
So it just came out of nowhere, too.
Yeah. Crazy.
Anyway, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
This week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
Let's get FUGL.
And yes, Google Plus is still a thing.
It really should stop.
That's where I chat with all my Ingress friends.
And that may be where you end up going Pokémon GO.
Niantic isn't affiliated with Google anymore, so maybe not.
That's the only reason it's all in Google Plus.
Anyway.
The question this week is all about Super Mario Brothers.
I'm gonna ask our listeners pretty much the same question I asked Shane and Matt and myself at the beginning of the show about,
do you have, like, a Mario memory?
And what was your first Mario memory?
Do you have a memory playing the first game, and do you have a memory about, you know, your favorite Super Mario moment?
We'll actually start on Google Plus tonight since I always poke a little bit of fun at the low usage of Google Plus.
Redertainment starting us off saying,
For my tenth birthday, my parents got me an NES with Super Mario Brothers 3.
That was the last time my parents got me anything gaming related.
Now I'm an adult and can buy my own toys.
Being an adult is awesome.
Yeah, except that responsibility part, but you know.
Martin C. on Google Plus kind of agreeing with Shane, saying,
For me, it was Super Mario Land on the Game Boy. Awesome game.
This was so good.
I wish I could have heard more of the why, but that's alright.
Because it was so good, that's all you need to know.
Josh Y. replied on Google Plus and said,
At the time, I was quite anti-Ninteen Nintendo, being the times the PC was supreme.
Also known as home computing, Amiga to be exact.
I'm not an Amiga fan in the house.
Anyway, someone in the house not related to me got a Super Nintendo.
This temptation was too great, and they were away for about a month.
So I, surreptitiously, not to tarnish my proud Master Ray status, said about playing Super Mario.
I'm assuming that would have been All Stars, or maybe Super Mario World.
I wasn't hooked straight away, but it kind of grew on me.
And once I found the rainbow world, well, it was kind of a revelation.
So there are some answers over there on Google Plus.
We'll go to our Facebook page now.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And read some of the answers over there on the Facebooks.
If the page will load for me.
We only have a few answers on Facebook.
Why don't you ask these on Twitter too?
To get the shorter answers?
Not only that, but because it's more relevant than Google Plus.
I don't know.
And if you call it the...
Twitter?
The Twitter question.
I don't want the people on Google Plus to get mad if I cut them out.
I'm sure they also have one of these.
They probably do have Twitter as well, but anyway.
For now, it works.
If there comes a week where nobody replies on Google Plus, I'll consider it.
But for now, every gamer has a voice.
But not those on Google Plus.
Stop it.
Stop it.
All right.
Alan Alchemy replies over on Facebook saying,
OG Mario Brothers on the Atari 2600 with the crabs and the pow block.
And damn, that game was hard.
After that, I got a Nintendo and Super Mario Brothers bundled.
Best Mario moment was clearing all the stages in Super Mario World.
All the different ways and getting the kanji mark for your percent completed on your save.
That was quite the moment to beat Gnarly and Awesome and all those crazy stages.
The asshole Mario levels created by Nintendo.
That would later go on to inspire a lot of people on Mario Maker to make the stupidest stuff.
But I think in Super Mario World itself was like the perfect balance.
Oh yeah.
But Nintendo does Nintendo best, right?
Silent Tom over on Facebook says,
My first memory of playing Mario and Luigi is the original Mario Brothers game on Atari 2600 when I was very young.
And my favorite memory is the first time my five-year-old daughter first played Super Mario Wii.
Aw, that's cute.
Tigerclaw says,
The first time I played Super Mario Brothers was when I bought the NES back in the day.
The game was bundled with the system.
I remember playing it a lot but could never get past the higher levels.
I eventually found out about the warp zones.
Then I was able to get to World 8 faster and beat the game.
Did anybody in here beat the original Mario Brothers without finding the warp zones?
I think we knew about the first warp zone for a while and then later on found the one in World 4.
I want to say that's what happened with me too.
We knew about the first warp zone, not the second.
I was like three and that game wasn't as psychologically damaging as Cat in the Hat mix-up so I don't remember.
Cat in the Hat.
It was all about seeing the wizard.
And I remember going in there like,
I gotta take notes about Super Mario Brothers 3.
Right now I'm like information.
Did you take a notepad to the movie theater?
I took it to the drive-in.
Oh my god, that's amazing.
Yes I did.
Did the Cat in the Hat mess you up for life?
Yeah, it's still like one of the scariest games I've ever played in my life.
Why is the Cat in the Hat scary?
Because you mix those characters up and they're segmented and you move their legs.
It was just really scary.
Like a Saw movie?
It was really scary when I was a little kid.
Moving on, Raginator says,
Way back in the fall of 83 when I went to a friend's birthday party being held at the local Showbiz Pizza place in Amherst, New York,
I played Mario Brothers and Donkey Kong.
It's like a Mario game kinda.
Hey, it was our classic game of the week.
In terms of home games, I would eventually put the NES Deluxe set,
the one with Rob and Gyromite and Duck Hunt,
plus Super Mario Brothers for Christmas 87.
Jordan T. replied and said,
I'm pretty sure my first Mario game was Super Mario Brothers on the NES.
A buddy of mine had a game Genie and we spent hours and hours with that.
Favorite memory was reaching the ending credits in Super Mario Land on the OG Game Boy.
My family had this huge white and teal travel van and this became my go-to game for long rides.
First Mario game I ever completed from start to finish without codes or backlighting, thank you very much.
Did you have the magnifier and light attachment?
Yes I did because you really needed that.
You needed to play in the car? I think you needed it.
Mario and Peach hop into a spaceship or rocket jet of some sort and fly away at the end.
It's Daisy, it's not Peach.
This tune always brings me back.
So there's the explosion and then...
Yeah, it's Daisy, not Peach. It's even there on the text. That's okay.
I'm sure he won that game.
That game is so good.
Your quest is over. There they go, running away.
I forgot they went back and colorfied this for the Game Boy Color.
I forgot that too. This is a really memorable song actually.
Anyway, I'd play the whole thing, but we're running long tonight.
Dr. Tzuyu says, the original Super Mario Bros. on NES.
I played that with my late uncle back when I was growing up. Good times.
I do remember playing a lot of original Mario Bros. as well.
You know what I just realized? If that gets me content matched on YouTube for this week's episode, I'm going to be pissed.
It's going to be hilarious.
I'm going to be so pissed.
Lastly, Veronica Isabel says, when I was a kid, I was watching my cousins play one of the Super Mario Bros. games for NES, and I wanted to play.
I was about six years old at the time.
Some good memories from our listeners there over on Facebook and Google+.
Thank you guys so much for participating with that.
Speaking of participating with the show, Shane, I know you've got to get out of here.
Yeah, I'm going to go watch Fear the Walking Dead.
Oh, I see what's more important, but thanks for being here tonight.
You're welcome.
Hope you had fun on the show.
Yes.
Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
No.
All right. Have a good one. I'm surprised you didn't say something about Power Rangers. You had the perfect opportunity.
Oh, there was another really good Chase and Riley scene in this episode because a lot of the fandom like them as a couple, and they're hot.
All right. You got to go. Fear the Walking Dead's on.
No, thanks for being here, Shane. Appreciate it. Have a good one.
All right. We're going to get back into some gaming news now. It is Loki's turn to pick us back up.
We are going to get two emails and phone calls later on.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Yes, it may be finally happening.
Apple is going to be releasing a new Apple TV, and it's got a brand new remote that supports touch and motion-based gameplay on TV.
So it's like that game console in your living room now with Apple stuff.
They were even showing off, you know, was it Crossy Roads or whatever?
And it should be out in October, and they're selling the new Apple TV for $149 for the 32GB system, $199 for the 64GB system.
And they were also mentioning that they were going to have, I think, Rock Band playable as well on Apple TV.
Considering the Guitar Hero, they plan on selling as like a standalone without even needing a console.
Maybe it's Guitar Hero, I'm thinking.
Yeah, I think it is Guitar Hero, but I'm not completely surprised.
But Harmonics is making, they made a game called Beat Sports that's going to be out on that system exclusively.
So that's something else to look forward to.
I'm actually thinking, maybe I may pick one up, just because, like I mentioned earlier, my Boxee Box I use for Netflix, it is on the verge of kicking the bucket.
It's, you know, pretty broken and old, so I may end up picking up something.
And that's not too much more expensive than like a Roku 3 or whatever, so maybe.
You know, I like Apple. I love my phone, certainly. God, it's so great. I love my iPhone and haters, whatever. I love it. I don't know what I'd do without it.
Super iPad.
I kind of want one if they weren't so expensive. Then I realized, how much do you use the iPad do you have now?
And I played it a little bit on the flight, but that's about it.
But here's the thing. I don't understand. What does this Apple TV do that the Ouya didn't do? And it's probably got about as much power in it.
Really what it comes down to.
Besides the motion control.
It's not so much the gaming, it's just for TV streaming. I mean, that's really what it comes down to. And it is probably more powerful than the Ouya.
I feel like Apple's behind the curve, that's all. I just, I mean, and I know a lot of people out there would be like, well, they're behind the curve with everything.
But there's a certain finesse to the phone and some of the other applications that make it kind of worth them refining the curve.
And maybe this will be true of Apple TV as well. But where there was a part of me that was like, ooh, Apple might really change the game with the Apple TV.
I feel like because they're not really putting out a traditional controller, they still are resisting that for some reason.
They have a third party support, but that's about it.
It's just going to be a bunch of unloaded Wii garbage like we saw at the end of Wii's life cycle with maybe a couple standout titles that are like ooh and ah.
But I don't think they're going to sell as many of those TVs as they have iPhones. And so that's still going to be the premier Apple place to develop for.
Yeah. I mean, I can see that. And really, like I said, the only thing I would want an Apple TV for is just maybe streaming Netflix and other stuff.
Games on it would be a bonus, I guess. Not necessarily something I need to have.
But then again, I have to just look at the other options out there, too, because I mean, if they're, you know, it depends. I don't know.
But I am curious, since they are opening it up to anybody to create apps, basically, I'm curious about its potential not really with games.
Like what kind of lifestyle apps is it going to bring? Because I do find it interesting if Periscope is going to have an app on Apple TV, which I heard it is,
then essentially you are going to be able to broadcast from your pocket to televisions around the world.
And that sort of technology is very fascinating, I think. Maybe that's just an amateur broadcaster or whatever. I just sort of find that potential.
I mean, if you think about it, somebody could be at an event while news is breaking and you would be able to see that footage directly on your television.
That's going to change things. And that's where I think Apple TV is going to be most interesting. I think it doesn't have it.
In typical Apple fashion, it doesn't really have anything to do with the games, even though, you know, to be fair, iOS and Google games, Android, whatever, are important and need to be considered.
Even though a lot of us console PC gamers often poo-poo them as casual games.
But I just think, you know, if you think about it, hypothetically, we could, if we had the resources and or time, develop a vog app for Apple TV.
And we could broadcast the shows live to your television. And if we felt like doing video, even though it's not Orange Lawns Radio, it's Orange Lawns Radio.
We could stream that through the app or something. I mean, we could stream it through Twitch or a lot of other places too.
But it's just, you know, it's interesting to think that people are going to do their own homegrown stuff and that could be interesting.
So anyway, that's all I really have to say about that.
I'm looking forward to those nice porn streams that we got with the streaming from PlayStation 4.
But Apple kind of locks that down. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see what happens.
I don't think they do. I mean, you know, if you're using like Periscope or something like that, I don't know. Periscope would do that.
I don't know how much they monitor it. Anyway, let's move on. We got more news to get to.
Well, here's something that might work great on an Apple TV, but in the meantime, it'll work on your other consoles as well.
It's going to do just fine. Jackbox Games, our pals over there, we had them on the show a few months ago when they were, when Fibbage was first out.
And I think the first Jackbox Party Pack was on its way. But now we have word that a new Jackbox Party Pack is happening.
And the spotlight for this sequel to the Jackbox Party Pack, Fibbage 2.
That's right, Fibbage 2. We don't know if it's going to change the formula, if it's just more questions or what.
But it's going to be a part of the Party Pack. And who knows what else will be in it. Maybe Quiplash.
I know they just put out recently. Maybe it'll be like a Quiplash Plus or something else there.
But yeah, the Party Pack, that's a really great, like, what game, you know, I have five, six people here at my house.
What game can entertain us all? We can get a board game, but we can also get a Jackbox Party game that's essentially a modern day type of board game.
And I think that's done very, very well. So I'm looking forward to seeing what they do with this.
So we'll have to see if we can get them back on the show to give us a little more insight as to what's going to happen with Jackbox Party Pack 2.
Now while this isn't, I don't think, entirely shocking news, but Bethesda's basically revealed that they're going to have DLC for Fallout 4.
Huh, shocking. Basically, you know, there's going to be DLC coming. They said add-ons will start to appear in early 2016.
There is going to be a season pass available for $30, and it will guarantee that it will save at least $10 to those who purchase it.
I'm guessing you're talking like $10 per DLC piece, and that'll be like four of them.
They also confirmed that mods support would be available as well on PlayStation 4, because remember they were talking about that.
But that's going to hit sometime after they hit Xbox One.
Thank you, timed exclusives. I appreciate that. But at least that'll be something to look forward to.
And I'm not even sure what depth mod support's going to have, but it would be nice since I don't have a computer that can run that stuff right now.
So you're going to end up getting Fallout 4 for PS4, you think?
Um, yeah. I definitely not game for PC.
Not for PC?
They're not going to run on my PC. It just won't happen. Unless I get a new PC.
Kaijuto in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, bleh, DLC.
Well, I mean, it's a Bethesda game. It's going to have DLC. That's not shocking.
I mean, and their DLC tends to be pretty good. Horse armor aside, you know, it tends to be decent.
So, I don't know. I'm not going to pay for the season pass up front, though. That's for sure.
Alright. Well, moving on to another story about Harmonix. This actually doesn't have to do with the Apple TV thing.
This is something different, and it's about funding their next game.
You know, they got a lot of funding for Amplitude, which still isn't out, though, but at least we've seen progress for the game.
We know that Harmonix is going to go the crowdfunding route again for their next game.
What ever happened to Chroma?
I want to say that turned into the VR thing, but then the VR thing is very different.
So, I don't know. Maybe Chroma just didn't prove to be very popular online. They just shelved it for now. Who knows?
But anyway, here's the interesting thing about Harmonix's successor to Amplitude.
They're not doing Kickstarter. They're going to do a new service, or at least one I haven't heard of before.
It's something called Fig, which is a games only crowdfunding platform where apparently investors can actually make money back.
Now, I have not used this site. I don't know all the details on that, and Harmonix has not given those details.
But this is very interesting. This is a very interesting twist to the formula.
But also of note, Chief Creative Officer Alex Rogopoulos, who is with Harmonix, is going to be joining the board of Fig.
And he's joining Tim Schafer with Double Fine, Brian Fargo in Exile.
I mean, this is some big players. They're all joining together to make this service.
I understand, you know, because those guys had pretty good success on Kickstarter.
Tim Schafer, you know, back in the day, it would have been like, whoo, cool, but now it's like, eh, I don't know.
I'm interested, though, by the fact that this seems to affect one of the biggest complaints people seem to have about Kickstarter.
Is that you're not really an investor. It's just kind of glorified pre-ordering.
So it seems like with this, you might actually get to be an investor.
Fig, a video game crowdfunding investment for indies.
I'm just trying to see what they have here. Something with, who is this?
It looks like.
You're right. I'm sorry, I was looking.
The guy looks like the guy from Heroes, and I just want to see if that was him or not.
I couldn't couldn't tell by that little preview picture that they had.
I think it's just some other Asian guy that looks similar to him. Oh, no, it is.
It is Masaoki. Oh, he's the president of the company.
I thought it looked like him. I may have to back that because, you know.
I do like him anyways. Not the inside track there.
P.T. Man, I really wish that became something.
But Kojima has left a P.T. Easter egg in Metal Gear Solid Five Phantom Pain.
And basically, let's see how you would find this in one of the huts in Metal Gear Solid Five Phantom Pain.
The second map. You, I guess, come across a radio.
And I guess it broadcasts the thing about the family murders or whatever in P.T.
And that's about it. That's your little... I don't know.
You know what's interesting, though, is that this game has probably been in development so long
that they probably thought that P.T. was going to be a thing.
And then by the time it gets cancelled, it was probably just too late to make a major change to Metal Gear Solid Five.
So they were like, eh, just leave it in. Whatever, right?
Sure. I don't know.
Sounds good to me. Alright.
Well, we'll see what Kojima comes up with. I just hope it's something.
Yeah, I hope they are able to make something new out of this.
But we say that every week.
Another thing we do every week is we read some emails here on the show. Let's get to it.
Our mailbag!
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com is the place where you can participate with the show by sending us an email.
And after two weeks off, we have a whopping one email tonight.
One email tonight. But it's from one of our faves. It's YYR sending us an email tonight.
This is a little bit long. I am going to trim this for time because we're running a little long tonight.
So I apologize to YYR. But he posts some of this stuff on the forums anyway.
So you guys can read more of what he has to say over to our forums.
I'm going to say that he starts off this email talking about his trip to 8 on the break.
And if you've been to Dunaland, New Jersey, you should go to 8 on the break.
Kyle Ward was actually there for a Champions of the Coast multi-music game tournament.
You know, Kyle was on our show a few weeks ago talking about his game Rerave and Ditto Beat.
And so Kyle actually did a freestyle routine. And it's up on YouTube, so you can check that out.
I think he posted that on the forums as well.
He continues,
Anyway, I just wanted to share a bit of insight on a segment from the last show regarding Dreamcast sales having gone up.
Yes, I absolutely believe that the announcement of Shenmue 3 contributed to that, at least in part.
As soon as I heard the announcement, well, my first thought was, throw money at it. Oh my God.
My second thought was, hey, this gives me an excuse to play through the first two again.
And in fact, I look forward to sharing them with my fiancé as well, as she's never seen them.
And if for some short-sighted reason I got rid of my Dreamcast, I'd have bought another one for this purpose.
It may have been almost 15 years ago, but I still look back very fondly on the time I spent with the first two games.
Back then, they contained some of the most gorgeous, immersive, and original experiences I ever had in video gaming.
And I'm really looking forward to reliving them.
And then he goes on to talk about Shenmue 2 and how he basically did not get to play the Xbox version of it at all.
And was talking about some of his experiences there, where the Xbox version is pretty much a better value for less money, is what he concludes with there in that paragraph.
But I definitely wanted to get YYR's take on this, because he was, Loki was talking about this earlier in the show, the whole Xbox indie games.
Lastly, I feel that I should comment on something that's probably already been covered earlier in the show.
It's too bad that Xbox Live indie games will not be moving forward as part of Xbox One backwards compatibility, but I can't say that I'm shocked.
That said, the two-year advance notice is pretty generous, and I'm sure that those that spent money will appreciate the ability to redownload purchased games indefinitely, even after you can no longer buy them in two years.
Another interesting tidbit, they announced that they'll be working with game preservationists and Xbox Live indie game creators over the next two years to preserve games for the future.
No details yet, but supposedly they're coming later.
Spoiler, if they ask me to offer up any of my stuff, I will very gladly hand it over, and I'm putting the very last finishing touches on multitasking.
Long live Xbox Live indie games.
The Jewish New Year begins tonight, so Leshana Tova, everyone.
Best wishes, regards, and all of that jazz, YYR.
Sadly, DarkSakura, our own Jewish citizen in the house, not here to hear that message.
Maybe she'll hear it on the podcast feed, but she's attending services right now, which is why she was unable to make the show.
But thank you for that, and thank you for the email, YYR.
Sorry I shortened that a little bit for time, but surely you can understand what some of the stuff we had going on earlier in the show tonight.
One thing that we must do every week here at OLR, I can't cut this segment unless I forget it, but we've been doing this every week since week one.
It's a little segment we call the FUs of the Week. Why? Because sometimes we have some angst we've got to get off our chest.
Why don't you start us off tonight, Loki, since there's no dark stock right here.
I guess just FU2... I don't know, FU2 children.
But not your kids.
No, actually my kids, especially.
Just in particular, when my son wakes up at night and calls me to help him out with whatever it is, he does this thing sometimes.
It's really annoying because I guess he's disoriented and tired.
Like, you're like, Daddy! Daddy! Oh, okay, what do you need, Josh?
I'm like, okay, what is it? Do you need to go to the bathroom? Do you have a nightmare?
What is it that you need? Talk to me in words.
I'm like, I can't hear you. What is it that you need?
It annoys the fuck out of me. Seriously, especially at one in the morning. Listen, I don't want to deal with this shit. I just want you to go back to sleep.
SSJ100Matt says, haha, his kid turns into Shane.
Love it. Alright, is that it?
That's it.
Then for me, Alan says, I think I know what Rob's FU is going to be. Yes, it is.
My FU goes to... I can't believe this.
Well, you can believe that Comcast is going to get my FU, and please don't pull the plug on the show.
Here's the thing. So I call in because I had to switch my card recently because I had a theft issue on my old card, right?
And I told you guys about this on the show.
So I called in, and of course she gives me the sales pitch, but she's like, we can lower your bill, da da da da, and I was like, alright, fuck ever, let's do it.
So I call, I get that whole thing, whatever.
The next day in the mail, the UPS, I get this huge box over there with like a brand new router in it, and all this shit I didn't ask for.
And now it's like, why didn't you tell me you were going to send me all this stuff? I don't want it. We already have a router.
We have a cable modem. What the...
So I'm going to go into a Comcast store and take it back, and if I have to, I'm just going to cancel the plan.
It's just irritating.
No, if it was a new box, I would have happily taken that because the old one's kind of old.
It's like a router that has phone service built in it and all this other stuff.
Yeah, it's like their giant ass router.
Yes, that's what it is.
I think that's the X1 is what they call it, I thought, and those are literally the size of the original Xbox.
Like you can put a small family inside of them.
That's what it is.
And Alan Alchemy says, I thought it was the TV tuner with DDR and was excited. Yeah, me too.
No, there are modems, and seriously, I'm sure people have been seeing me on Twitter,
and that should have been my FD of the Week is stupid Comcast and their outages.
Seriously, 14 days of outages. It's not full outages, it's partial outages, so my internet's been fucking slow.
And I still haven't gotten the speed I've been promised, and they won't tell me what the speed's supposed to be.
Supposedly, they were supposed to increase the speed of our internet, which I thought I was already paying for,
but they sent somebody out here to put in a filter or something on the line.
I don't know, it sounded like a load of hot air to me, but somebody sure enough did come out.
I wasn't here, but Alan saw him out there playing on the pole, did something to it,
and well, to be fair, the show hasn't gone down yet, so maybe they really did do something,
and I think our speed test has been pretty good.
But I was like, wait a minute, I was already paying for high speed.
And that's the thing, they don't tell you how much it is.
When I signed up, because I was on the phone complaining, I just bought a brand new...
Well, we were getting slow internet speed, it was like six down.
I'm like, what the fuck? I'm paying for at least 25 down. Where is this?
And so then they're like, oh, it's because your modem's in life.
So I had to buy a new modem, and then they're like, oh, well, it's because it's your modem and not ours.
And then I'm like, okay.
And then I'm like, it's a DOCSIS 3 modem, I should be getting the fucking speeds that you're promising.
This is one of the modems that's on your site.
So they've had people out, and they reran the line and everything,
and then I guess there was an outage that day, so they couldn't test the speed to see if it was supposed to be.
And then there was an outage for the next 13 days, but it was a partial outage.
And so I finally just the other day got to where there was an outage,
but I'm still only getting like 35 down when it should be.
I mean, at the very least, BLAST is supposed to be 75 to 105.
And I understand that their little text is up to these speeds, but I've never gotten close to those speeds.
Anyway, Bobby in chat says, this story is why I leased from them, so they can't pull the, oh, it's your equipment BS.
No.
That's the one reason I might hang on to the router.
The next time they come out there, the next time I have them come out, okay, fine.
You hook up your modem, let's see what your speed test is versus mine.
I want to see this thing.
Anyway, we didn't mean to turn this into the Comcast bitch hour, but a lot of customers feel this way.
So if you are listening to this, if you are just a rep at Comcast and can't do anything about it,
I'm sorry that you're having to hear us talk about this, but do realize this is what a lot of people are saying.
If you have any type of power at Comcast, I would urge your people, please just communicate clearly with your customers.
No one's been, yeah, they keep telling me a different speed.
Oh, well, it's only supposed to be this.
Be more transparent.
And it keeps going down.
Like the first, when the rep sold it to me, 150 down.
The next rep, oh, that's 105.
Oh, it's 75.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
We don't want it to be the bitch hour.
We've got a couple more stories for you guys, and then guess what?
It'll be call time at 1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
So there it is.
So this is pretty awesome.
If you happen to live in Japan, they're doing an alpha test right now for BeatMania 2DX Infinitoss.
And it is a PC game.
Infinitoss.
It just sounds so epic.
Basically, you would log in with your EMUs info if you live in Japan or maybe have a login for that and you live elsewhere.
And you'll be able to play the game, I guess.
They've got a bunch of different songs on there from previous BeatMania games.
I don't know.
It looks pretty awesome.
I'm just kind of excited they have another version of the game for home use.
And it'll never come out in America and it'll be region locked and it'll just piss us off.
I just don't.
Yeah.
But hey, it doesn't require a lot of hardcore graphics cards.
Direct X 9 and 256 megabytes are greater memory on your graphics card.
Well, I'd like to check it out.
I hope it kind of becomes easy for a Shmo like me to download and use.
Because I'd love to revisit the world of 2DX again.
I think PC is a great place for it.
Why not?
Yeah.
It would be easy to rig a USB type of controller or whatever.
And even the keyboard makes at least something that kind of has that button feedback or what have you.
I would totally consider paying for something like that and even download a few songs for.
At least some of my favorites.
Especially if they can get some of the old licenses back.
Like the Vincent DeMoor stuff that was my favorite.
Especially if they get people to hack that game apart and be able to make their own custom tracks.
Well, that's probably what they're worried about.
Which is why you're not going to see it right away.
Movie stuff.
We're going to close out the official news tonight with some movie stuff.
Including a Mega Man live action movie.
Oh God.
Oh God.
I hope it doesn't look like the box art to Mega Man 1.
But this is something the 20th Century Fox reportedly is developing.
A live action film.
David Reddy and Michael Finfer slated to produce the film.
Peter Sharon and Mike Ireland and Ryan Horrigan also on board.
As far as the production angle goes.
No director, no screenwriter with this yet.
So it's very very very early on.
Starring Adam Sandler as Mega Man.
I was going to say if it would be animated or even like the 3D computer animated.
Yeah I can see it 3D animated.
That would be cool but live action concerns me.
Really concerns me.
We'll see.
Also, Ready Player One. Some news on this.
Apparently some rumors about casting.
The female lead in the game, Artemis.
Tell us a little bit about the character. I haven't read the book.
So without spoiling, what is Artemis?
Well she's one of the gunters as well in the game.
And the main character, he kind of has a thing for her.
And she was also kind of hunting the keys as well.
Around the same time as him and all the different gates.
And so he just kind of teams up with her at one point.
And she kind of helps him out.
And then they meet in real life.
Well on the short list for that role.
Elle Fanning, Olivia Cooke, and Lola Kirk.
Elle Fanning is from Super 8, Maleficent, and About Ray.
Which is coming up soon.
Elle Fanning would be nice.
Olivia Cooke plays Emma on Bates Motel.
And also in an indie movie called Me and Earl and the Dying Girl.
And then lastly, Lola Kirk is on Amazon's Mozart in the Jungle.
And was also in a supporting role in Gone Girl.
It's early on in the casting process.
So maybe none of these people will get it.
But apparently...
I guess...
Sorry, I'm trying to...
Somebody was also on the short list for the female lead role in Star Wars Episode 8.
I guess maybe that news was just coming out at the same time.
I don't think any of those people are actually on it.
But there is big casting rumors around that as well.
So, let's get to it. Let's take some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
I imagine there's no last minute stories tonight.
Because I think we got everything out tonight.
I'm checking in with you, Loki.
While we wait for some calls to come in.
No, I don't see any.
I didn't really get to talk at length about DragonCon.
So I'll try to fill in with some DragonCon stories while we wait for some calls.
So, as I mentioned at the top of the show, I had a fantastic time at DragonCon this year.
And I actually did my first cosplay.
And Travis and his wife, Jenna, had urged me for a long time to consider doing Joker for Mass Effect.
Because Travis does a lot with Mass Effect.
And he has a whole little crew that he walks around with.
He talked about that a little bit on last night's show, Understation Live.
Ooh, but I can respond to something he said now because he wouldn't let me call in yesterday.
But he said on the show that during the parade I looked really unenthusiastic, I guess, and unenthused.
Okay, you were right in the fact that I was severely sweating in that costume.
And I felt so gross.
And I just felt like I was completely underprepared.
As much as you think you're ready for something like that.
It's just like, oh my god, you don't really realize the impact the humidity has on you until you're standing in it.
And the fact that it was that early in the morning, which again, I operate on West Coast time.
And the fact that I didn't really know a lot of people in the group.
I only knew Travis and Jenna because Travis doesn't really introduce me to people.
Maybe one or two.
So I didn't really just want to run up to random people and start dancing with them and freaking on them and stuff.
So that's why I kind of did my own thing and I would maybe lean up on Jenna here and there since Travis had his flag.
And I was just kind of doing my own thing during the parade.
But I was just very much in awe of all the people that were there and just what a big spectacle it was.
But I had a great time marching in the parade, which apparently, I didn't realize this and I still haven't watched the clip.
But apparently you can see me very clearly on Dragon Con TV, the clip that's on YouTube.
You can actually see that and I'm actually in the parade marching and that was an awful lot of fun to get to do that.
Again, even though I'm telling Dragon Con stories, I can break this up.
If you want to call 1-877-GAMELR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Got to participate again with the podcasting track this year, which I said my thank yous earlier.
But again, I just want to thank everybody who participated with the podcasting track because it was so motivating.
And just getting to network and hear people's ideas just gets me really enthused.
When sometimes you might wonder like, does anybody care about podcasting anymore?
Did everybody go to Twitch? I don't know.
And I do firmly believe there's always going to be an audience for podcasting because sometimes you're not going to be able to have the visual.
You're either working, you're on light rail, you're driving.
There's always going to be a need for radio.
It might not be as big as it was in 2006 when podcasting first launched, but there's always going to be a need for it.
There's certainly parts of me that always go, should we think about that video thing? I don't know.
But, you know, going to a place like DragonCon and networking with other podcasters just gets me really enthused for the future.
Got to participate in a great panel about podcasting past, present, and future, which really in some ways kind of turned into a general Q&A.
It was like a reminiscing slash like helping people prepare for the future.
So I loved the panel, even though I don't know if it really stuck to the topic it was supposed to be about.
But I guess it doesn't matter if the conversation's good.
And that's all up on YouTube, and you can check that out.
And I met some great people, another gaming podcaster out of Atlanta who does her own thing.
And I was like, she needs to meet Shane because she's super into Power Rangers and Five Nights at Freddy's.
And I'm like, oh my God, she's like the female Shane.
So yeah, it was just great to meet people.
That panel's on YouTube.
Bobby's panel that he did on Monday morning also there about community, which again for a Monday morning panel was very well attended.
And, you know, I stuck around for a while after just talking to some of the people that were on the panel and just getting to know people and exchange stories about community.
I'll have you know that I shared the story about when the video card in the new computer was bought and how that really like touched me when that happened here at OLR.
And we were kind of sharing stories like that.
And it was good. It was a good, warm, fuzzy feeling. I like that.
Anyway, the phones are lighting up, so I am going to try and take a call here on the show.
Let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hi boyfriend.
Is that Alan?
Hello?
Hello.
Can you hear us?
It sounds like you can hear me though. I'm just calling you into the show while I'm waiting for work to wrap up.
Oh, well, I didn't recognize the number. That's what threw me. The number you're calling from is completely different than what I'm used to seeing.
So that just threw me for a loop.
So I wanted to call in and tell a quick story about how I wished I was there for the surprise that Logie got at the start of the show.
And I made sure that I tuned in to listen at six o'clock from my desk.
And it was 6.25 and it's like, oh, and in addition to Mario, Logie had a birthday too. And I'm like, here it is. Two people come in.
Hey, Alan, could you run the report for this and this and this and this? I missed the whole thing.
Because right at that moment, I was like, ooh, I get to listen. I got to hear the latter half of it, but it was like it could not be more Murphy's Law that I couldn't hear the actual reveal.
So I have to listen to it on the podcast.
Thank God we do have a podcast and you can hear it. I'll just say Logie didn't burst into tears or anything. That's not Logie's style.
But it's still nice to see someone light up like that.
Yeah, Logie was still very giddy.
Work had other plans.
I can say this much. Logie definitely didn't see it coming.
No, I did not see it coming.
So it's good to actually be able to surprise the man once in a while. So there it is.
So you'll just have to listen to the podcast.
Go ahead.
I see you'll just have to listen to the podcast where there won't be such a delay like we have right now.
Yeah, I'll let you get on with the show. And I didn't want you to go an episode without at least one call. So I thought I'd tell my story.
Well, I appreciate that. I always appreciate it when family members will call in and save the day if nothing else.
All right.
See you in a bit.
Bye. See you when you get home. Bye.
That's so funny.
Alan's great. When nobody else will call on the show, at least Alan will. I appreciate that.
TireCon chat at live.vognetwork.com says, I'm sure Alan chastises his co-workers for interrupting his podcast listening.
Ha. And AkumaJP in chat says, so is it OK to get Loki amiibo now?
Yes, because now the Bowser thing, you're going to have a practical use for that too.
Yeah, I mean, I'll use it. I'm not going to go crazy and buy amiibo, though.
He says that now.
I'm sticking to that because there's, I mean, I don't know. There's not really anything.
We'll see. If I can get him cheap, like, you know, like a couple bucks, then sure, why not?
Sure, why not?
We'll take more calls. 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
Let's see, more DragonCon stories. Where was I? We were trading stories about community, and Bobby's panel was really well attended for a Monday morning.
Got to network with some great people. Shout out to Alpha Geek Radio, who streamed the whole thing from that little room in the Hilton.
And they did a great job this year. I mean, they do a great job every year.
But it seems like the technical stuff, they really got it solid this year because I know those panels are up really quick.
And you can check those out on YouTube. And what's interesting about the panels on YouTube, at least when I saw them,
I don't know if they've been cleaned up since then, but when I saw it, it was like all of the beginning and all.
So it's like us sitting down, BSing for four minutes while we wait for the actual start time of the panel.
So it's like you see warts and all in the YouTube stuff, but that's fine. I kind of realize if you're sitting in front of a mic.
Did you guys present for the Parsecs again?
We did. Bobby and I did the Parsecs this year.
What did you get the present for?
We, I'm going to be honest, I forget the category name, and I'm so sorry. That's so rude. But I'm going to tell you what happened.
We were originally going in there, we were going to present a comedy podcast award.
And we were actually going to do the first award of the night.
And there was a switch up at the last minute because the person who was going to do the second award had to leave right away.
They were actually like a major part of the Dragon Con board and had to get over to the Masquerade to make sure that that aired on the Dragon Con TV and all the hotel rooms.
So we don't have a problem switching. That's not a problem. And these things happen, of course.
But we had written our script and everything around the comedy award.
So we had to kind of flip things at the last minute. And it was fine, but it was like, you know, we were still a little bit off our game.
And we did a little gag where, for the third year in a row, Bobby took out his Oculus on stage.
And it was, I think this is all on YouTube as well. You can probably see this.
And Bobby was like, going to, I said like, so what do you see in the future? What do the 20th Parsecs look like?
And the punchline was, oh, I'm still not going to be nominated, you know.
But then he actually read the winner off the card with his headset on.
Because you may not know this, that Oculus has a passthrough camera on it, the one he was using.
So he could actually read the card, except for the fact that the font was kind of light on the card when it was italicized.
So he actually couldn't read the card. So he's all, and the winner is Journeyman!
And I kind of was like, I kind of just jumped, I realized what was happening. I just kind of jumped in and read the whole thing.
And so he felt kind of bad about that for the winners.
But yeah, these things are going to happen. And it was, it was still a funny gag.
People, people seem to walk away enjoying it.
And I even, I knew I was like reading my phone because I had to change the script at the last minute.
So it's okay. We had a good time and we're really appreciative that the Parsecs even asked us to be a part of that.
I know Gary with Critical Myth is a big part of making that happen.
So thank you to Gary and John from Critical Myth.
I didn't even mention the other podcasters I saw this year, you know, not just those from VOG Network.
Although somehow I missed Brian from British Invaders. Managed to, he was there and I missed him this year, unfortunately.
I saw him last year, but I didn't see him this year. So shout out Brian, if you're out there.
I'm sorry I missed you buddy at Dragon Con.
So there you go.
Bobby Black Wolf saying, everybody loved it anyway. I was surprised.
Well, you know what, Bobby? Nobody knew that anything went wrong besides you and me.
We're perfectionists in that regard where, and I could see the nervousness in Bobby when it was like, we're changing the script.
Are you sure you want to? But it's like, well, what am I going to do? Say no?
This guy's got to go up there and do his thing. So we did it and it was good.
Now Tiger Class says, maybe next time they should set up a teleprompter.
If you see me looking down, my iPhone 6 Plus actually had the script written in notes.
So that's how we were cheating. So that was the teleprompter. It just was a straight ahead.
It was on the podium, but I was trying very hard not to just read, but I kind of had to at one point.
So anyway, I'm going to give one more shout out for calls.
1877 game OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Akuma JP in chat says, Sky working like a pro.
Well, it's not like I had an earpiece in or anything like that one umlaut thing I did years and years ago.
But it was fun. It's fun to kind of get in there with podcasters that are very well known for some very big projects.
And, you know, because the whole thing was hosted by Veronica Belmont and I'm going to embarrass myself.
I forgot the other guy's name. Merritt is his name. And they were actually hosting it.
And it was it was cool to Tom. That's it. Tom Merritt.
We're actually presenting the awards. And it was cool to be, you know, up there with some established podcasters,
even if I personally don't have time to listen to every single one, which is why I forget people's names.
I'm very sorry. Yeah, I guess nobody else is going to call in.
How's that after two weeks? Y'all are getting cold feet.
This has been a very slow month for calls. I need to do something to motivate calls,
maybe extra entries into the raffle or something. No, I don't think I can do that.
Maybe in a future month I can. But we're going to need to do something to motivate some more callers at some point here on the show.
Well, if you're too shy to call, that's OK. You can always send us an email where you can collect your thoughts a little better.
Participate at OrangeLawnTradio.com if you want to email the show.
But do do try to keep your thoughts. You know, I know you got more room in an email,
but try to keep it somewhat brief just in case we happen to get flooded one week with emails.
And you can also, of course, tweet us. Twitter.com slash O.L.R.
As Shane suggested earlier in the show, we need to give a little more love to Twitter.
And I don't know about you, I love Twitter. Please follow me on Twitter if you're not already.
At Skye S.K. I.E. I always post silly stuff throughout the entire week.
Anyway, the phone lines are now closed. It's after nine o'clock on the West Coast.
So I guess we are going to go ahead and start to wrap up for the night.
So, Loki, great show tonight. Have fun with that.
I'm going to open that up tonight.
You're going to open it soon as you get home.
When you're tired at work tomorrow, I don't want to be blamed for that.
I may bring that to work.
You're going to bring that to work?
I could. It runs off a second screen.
All right. Do it. Oh, my God.
That's all. Technically, you could play Mario Maker completely on the second screen.
I'm pretty sure you can do that.
And even if I could, I have the USB HDMI screen.
All right. It sounds like you're going to have a blast at that.
We'll see.
I cannot wait to hear the stories next week.
So anyway, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight, Loki?
I guess I just have to look up everybody's Wii U code things to make friends on there.
Well, it's not going to matter in Mario Maker.
So you're going to want to get their friends listening.
First you want to get their Wii U friend's name. Mine's easy. It's Rob Roberts.
If you send me a friend request, please tell me who you are.
Because I get weird spam things sometimes.
And then you have within Mario Maker, you have to get the codes for people's levels.
And then favorite them within Mario Maker.
That's dumb.
It is super dumb. And Nintendo needs to fix that.
So I will have to post on the VoG forums or something like a Mario level database or something.
That would be a really good idea.
In fact, somebody will probably beat me to it before the end of this show.
Bobby's probably already on his way.
Oh, I should do that so I can get more stars. Let me put out those codes.
Alright, so that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
As I always say at the end of every show, if you enjoy the show, speaking of starring things,
go give us a five star review on iTunes.
I'd really appreciate it as we all would here at OLR and VoG Network.
And you can always, you know, a nice review on Stitcher goes a long way as well.
Or anywhere that you heard about this podcast, we'd appreciate you spreading the word.
Tell a friend about the show. That's all we ask.
We don't really have advertising in the show.
We're not trying to sell you anything or what have you.
I mean, someday we'll have like t-shirts or little things.
But for the time being, we don't really ask for your money.
So just thank you for being here and help us spread the word.
That's all we really ask.
And if you didn't like the show, well, you still made it the whole way through.
So that says something.
But just support independent podcasting.
I talked about a lot of other podcasters I ran into at DragonCon.
Support those other indie podcasters.
And, you know, everybody does this because they love games.
They love podcasting.
So they need your help to stay afloat.
So go lend your support and your e-hugs.
It's really appreciated.
That is going to do it.
My final thought for the show tonight is I am glad that it did not get up to 108 degrees on Friday.
And the weather's actually been kind of nice.
And I hope it stays this way, but with a little more rain maybe for those whole drought issues we're having in California.
So I need a little less smoke.
Yeah, a lot less smoke.
Oh, yeah.
People in the fire areas.
My God, please stay safe.
That's so tragic to be having in a drought year.
So tragic.
Anyway, thank you guys very much for tuning into the show.
Really appreciate the support.
We will be back in seven days.
So we will see you then.
Have a good week, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
vaughnetwork.com
