Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Another weekend of gaming conventions is over with both TwitchCon and EGX wrapping up their respective shows. There were too many headlines to cover right here so we'll get right into it. All this and more alongside your comments, calls, and feedback starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this September the 27th of 2015 with episode 615 of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts but you can find me on Twitter at Skie and I am joined on my left side and my right side this week for the first time in over a month. Over there say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I can't help having shit to do.
How are you? You're just popular. You can't help it if you're popular.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever. So I heard you slept like a rockstar today.
Yeah, well I don't even know what happened. I think I've just been, because I've been having some trouble sleeping, just weird random waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get to sleep and crazy nightmares.
Well I don't want to make light of any of that but it's weird. Ever since I started the new job, now I fall asleep between like 11 and midnight when I used to stay up all night long and would not get any sleep. So weird.
Well, you're probably dealing with a lot more stuff that you're doing with it too, being new and whatnot.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess I just made up for every like hour or two hours in the week I didn't get, all in one fell swoop.
Gotcha.
And I just remember rolling over and looking at the clock or my phone kind of blurly hitting it and going, oh my goodness. It was just too bad. So I'm still sleepy. I had half a coffee and it didn't help.
All right, well I hope you're able to wake up and the show can perk you up tonight. Joining me over there, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm fine. Tired.
You're both here. Hooray. I'm so excited.
I can't help it. My stupid son had to get sick or something.
Don't call your son stupid. Don't do that.
Well, he like threw up a few times.
The situation was stupid.
Yeah.
He might hear this someday.
He won't care.
That's true. He has your genes. He has your genes. He won't care.
Well, I want to ask Loki here real quick. How's the Wii U going? I know you ended up buying some more stuff for it, right?
Yeah, it's going good. I've been playing Mario Maker a lot and I bought Splatoon, but I haven't really played too much of that because I don't really have access to the TV because my wife is watching shows on there.
I do like the second screen thing on it, but Splatoon is retarded in that it doesn't allow you to do second screen play unless you're playing two player locally.
I don't understand. If you programmed it into the game to exist, why can't it exist everywhere? It just makes no sense.
Is that maybe because like I know, well I don't know because this is online play, but when you're playing online the touch pad does have that different feature where you can tap where you want your character to actually land in the map.
Okay. Well, yeah, that's a really cool thing that they could, you know, map to a button or something like that that pops up that screen that you can tap the button, you know, hold the button, tap it, done.
Alright, well we are always joined with our chat room, of course, over at the Voice of Geeks Network, vog.network.com, where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, do head on over to live.vog.network.com and you can join us and chat along with the show, including actdeft in our chat room who is defending Splatoon saying it's because of the map, you need the map, and it isn't as simple as a button press.
Then shrink the map and put it in the corner like every other game.
And Dark Tetsuya says, or when you're launching an ink strike. So I guess there are other reasons you might need it.
Yes, I still didn't know what the hell I was doing because I've only played like a little bit of it and, you know, literally played it like the first time yesterday, just to level up a little bit.
And then I'm like, oh, every weapon has like a sub weapon and like some special, like, I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
I was just like, I'm like, this guy's talking, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip.
You can practice with any of the weapons in the weapon shop, just a heads up. That might help you a little bit to play with what all the special features do and all that good stuff.
And actdeft says, do single player first, not multiplayer.
I did a little bit of single player first, yeah.
I kind of think, you know, maybe one state, you can kind of jump right into multiplayer though, you really can. Like, it's not that complicated of a game. You know what I mean?
It wasn't complicated. It's just, they have everything, you know, locked behind. Oh, you gotta be level one in order to buy a gun.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Level two in order to change your clothes or some shit.
That's right. I forgot. It's been so long since I started the game. I forgot it does have a little bit of that level gaining in the beginning while you do the tutorial.
Well, you'll get through it and you'll be better for it, Loki. You will.
All right. I'll ask you more specific games in a minute here when we do How Was Your Gaming Week?
But we have somebody else's studio. As if it wasn't enough tonight that DarkSakura, Loki, and I are reunited for the first time in a month for a full panel here on the show.
We actually have another special guest on tonight's show. And, you know, this guy stops by every now and then to lend his opinion.
And you guys sure seem to love it when he goes off. It's just like the same way that Loki, when he goes off on things.
Say hello, everybody. Welcome back to the show.
DarkSakura's husband, Dan.
Dan is here.
Dan is here. How are you, Dan?
I'm good.
Yeah? What's new with you?
We got a Wii U.
I heard. This is so interesting. So both House of Loki and House of DarkSakura now on the Wii U bandwagon in the past couple weeks. This is amazing.
What finally made that snap for you? What made you guys decide to get the Wii U? Was it Jamie begging and pleading and ugly crying?
I just figured you're not going to buy her one.
Maybe in the budget for 2017.
Someone's got to do it.
Someone's got to do it.
So it ended up being me.
It ended up being you. Well, how are you liking it so far?
You know, it's actually, it's actually a better piece of hardware than I gave it credit for.
And there are enough games to where I'm like, uh, yeah, I guess we'll get our plays worth out of it.
So, and Mario Maker looked really, really awesome and I kind of had to have it.
You know, so many people are not going to agree with me and that's okay because it's my opinion and FU.
But I'm asked by a lot of people that, you know, what do I get? Do I get a PlayStation 4 or do I get an Xbox One?
And I always go, you know, have you considered a Wii U?
Because honest to God, the best exclusives right now are Wii U's.
Really, I mean, if you have a PlayStation 3 and a Wii U, you're playing, or an Xbox 360 and a Wii U,
you've got most of the big games covered.
Yes, there's a few things that you're not going to get to do.
Like Fallout 4.
Well, but Fallout 4 is not out yet.
If you're asking me right now, which system do I pick up?
Honestly, I always just say, have you considered Wii U or have you just written it off?
Have you considered these exclusives that they have on the Wii U?
Because really, they're the only exclusives you're going to be able to be playing, or the only games you'll be playing on the Wii U until...
But as much as you say that though, like seriously, again, what am I playing on PlayStation 4 right now?
Right now.
Mm-hmm.
Nothing because you're doing a show.
Fuck that Batman game, by the way.
Now, at the end of the day, I'm a fan of gaming, so I just love everything.
And there are things on the PlayStation 4 I do enjoy.
Like, you know, of course, like Destiny.
And there's more coming out in a little bit.
And Xbox One as well.
I can't wait to play Rise of the Tomb Raider.
I'm just saying, you know, I believe that they should jump on the bandwagon.
I mean, granted, I don't pay for their online service, but it would be nice if every month I got a few free virtual console games.
I mean, that'd be pretty nice.
That's not how Nintendo rolls.
Yeah, of course I know it doesn't.
They don't give shit away.
But you buy the Nintendo system for the Nintendo games.
I mean, that's it.
Unless they're behind.
Because remember when the 3DS was tanking and they were like,
We're just going to give you like 10 virtual console games.
Look, here's some Game Boy Advance games and here's some fucking NES games.
But that was to get you to buy the system.
That wasn't like, hey, you own our system and you're a loyal customer, so play Super Mario Land 2.
Once in a while, they do free perks.
But you're right, it's nothing on the level of PlayStation Plus and Xbox Gold.
But then again, I'm paying for PlayStation Plus and Xbox Gold, so they better be giving me perks.
But that's because Nintendo shit is worth buying again.
That's true.
And just everybody's slow with the release schedule right now.
I mean, a lot of these exclusives that are supposed to be coming out in 2016 or now, or 2015 or now, 2016.
And it just keeps getting pushed back and back and back and back.
Because all the game devs are going out of business.
Several chatters, I just want to point out in our live chat, several chatters are pointing out the club in Nintendo.
And even though they have sunsetted that, it's expected there will be a replacement.
So there will be some type of, you know, frequent reward or loyal customer type of program.
And considering that, you know, when it comes to a lot of the Nintendo games, you can only get them on Nintendo.
It's kind of like there's always some games you're going to buy if you are a gamer and own a Wii U, I just think.
Nintendo always puts out like those must-have two games a year.
And I was like, ooh, I can get all these virtual console games.
And I saw the price, and I'm like, ooh, no, I'm not going to.
Because they were too fucking expensive.
I remember in another game that they gave away on Wii U.
When Mario Kart 8 came out, they gave, like I got Zelda Wind Waker HD for free.
But it was, again, a desperation move.
That was to get you to buy the system.
I don't want to say desperation move, but it was a...
And that was a good deal. I kind of was like, ooh, I've got to find one of those Mario Kart 8 bundles, and I never found one.
It was a hail. You didn't even need the Mario Kart 8 bundle. You just bought Mario Kart 8.
It was a hail Mary to make Mario Kart 8 have huge weak ones.
No, but see, I needed a system.
That's true. But now Mario Maker, I mean, wouldn't you say that Mario Maker was the game that finally broke you?
Mario Maker, they had something too where I thought if you bought it that you got like 20 bucks off of a game or something like that.
But I didn't see that.
You guys both got the bundle. Did they give you that?
Because my game didn't come with anything like that.
It came with an amiibo and a book.
Oh, a book!
I still haven't opened my amiibo yet.
I haven't opened the amiibo either. I probably never will.
No, I mean, yeah, Mario Maker totally, finally, was like the straw that broke the camel's back.
And it was because, honestly, it was that exhibition at the World Championships where they did that big exhibition and you saw the guys playing it.
I was like, dude, that game looks fucking awesome. I gotta have it.
When they went through the door and noped out, that was probably the highlight of that entire stream.
Do you remember that? When he went through the door and then there's like three Bowser's on top of each other and he went, nope.
We're gonna try this later.
That was probably the highlight of that whole damn event right there was when he noped out of that room.
I wish they just had the regular games in that engine because it's just so brisk.
I love that they mix it up, too. I love it when you play in the samples, you play the retro level, but there's something a little different or there's a twist.
It's so cool. Every level in every Mario game should be in this.
Get on that, Nintendo. We know you're listening. Don't fuck with us.
We will kill you.
Aren't people just making the levels in the game? I'm sure 1-1 every which remixed to Sunday.
I'm sure there's like 800 1-1's. I haven't seen one yet.
Anyway, you haven't seen 1-1 yet?
Only the sample level that you gotta finish. It's all like, hey, this level's not finished. You can finish it.
And it's just like floor, poles, jump, the end.
Let's see, one other quick comment here and then we'll get into our kickoff topic tonight.
ActDeft is pointing out that it was a Best Buy promotion, so it was unique to the retailer there, the whole Mario Maker money back thing.
ActDeft also recommending to DarkSakura for her and Dan to pick up NES Remix 1 and 2.
I got it on the 3DS and I beat the shit out of that game.
Oh, there you go.
I unlocked Famicom Remix. I unlocked the Nintendo World Championships. I'm a boss at that.
There you go. So no interest in Wii U since she kind of had the 3DS one which is kind of like the best.
I do kind of want to get that collection, but haven't bothered yet for that Mario Maker right now.
Oh, they're awesome.
What else is on your radar to pick up for the Wii U real quick before we transition into our kickoff topic here?
I mean, is it just Mario Maker?
That's all the shit that you expect.
Splatoon, 3D World, Mario Kart.
I could care less about Splatoon, but like Mario Kart, Mario 3D World, Smash Brothers.
You know, all the first party stuff. The reason that you buy a Nintendo system.
BobCoffee. Good reminder. BobCoffee in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com reminding us.
Bayonetta 2. Don't forget, y'all. Bayonetta 2 is a thing on Wii U.
I see, and I wanted to purchase more used Wii U games, but they're still full price.
And I'm like, fuck that.
Because people aren't selling them back because the games are really good.
There's nothing else to trade those games in for. It's for new games.
Nobody buys Bayonetta 2.
Well, they're not selling back Bayonetta 2 because everyone who bought it is fucking keeping it.
All six of you.
Alright.
And this is straight from the horse's mouth.
I called a buddy of mine and said, hey, I got a Wii U. What kind of used stuff do you got?
He's like, ah, we don't have a lot.
And I said, well, I guess you wouldn't see a lot of this kind of stuff traded in.
He's like, well, what you see is people trading in the whole system to get a PS4 and Xbox One.
Then they trade in their Smash Brothers and stuff like that with it.
And I'm just like, ooh.
Wow.
That's big when you're trading that, all that.
Alright, Dungeon Buster reminding us Xenoblade Chronicles X is also coming.
That'll be pretty good. I can't wait to check that out.
Alright, I didn't know that.
TigerCaw in chat saying, here's my playthrough of Rob's first Super Mario Maker level and I beat it.
And he links to a YouTube.
I had no idea that people played my level and posted it on YouTube.
That's kind of rad. I'll have to go watch it later.
That's really cool.
Nobody even more awesome is that Nintendo had a way to, I don't know, record that shit natively on the console.
Like the other current gen systems.
Well, see, Mario Kart 8 does that whole export to YouTube thing.
I'm actually really surprised they didn't put that in Mario Maker.
Yeah, that's amazing.
I'm actually, that would have been something else.
Those are some of the best live streams I've seen.
Oh, no, why they can't do that is because it would monetize it from Nintendo and you'd have to be a content partner.
Alright, MegaManX400, our buddy from Video Game Realness, says the list of exclusive and must plays for Wii U is enough.
So if it's the only games you got to play on Wii U, it's fine.
It's probably fine when Zelda comes out.
And TigerCloud points out that he was streaming on Twitch and used the Twitch highlight and export feature to post on YouTube.
Well, that's a great transition to what I want to talk about for tonight's kickoff topic.
So, yesterday, so here's the thing.
And I mentioned this on the show. I wasn't, like, I was kind of conned out for the year.
And I'm like, I can't afford to go to any more cons.
That's it.
If the con is not on my calendar yet for like this year or really at this point early next year, I'm not going.
But then our buddy and voiceover pal, Jason, and we love Jason.
He does so much for OLR behind the scenes, you don't even know, including this.
Texts me out of the blue and says, hey, Rob, what you doing Saturday?
And I'm like, oh, I don't know, maybe I'll finally do something about the backyard or something.
I don't know what. I've got nothing.
And he texts me back and says, you're going to TwitchCon.
And I'm like, no, I'm not, because I'm not going to pay money for that.
And he said, hey, guess what, I have a pass.
Now you're out of excuses. Get over here.
So I'm kind of paraphrasing, but it essentially went like that.
So I was like, all right, dammit, you've cornered me, I'm out of excuses.
You're a nice guy for getting me a pass, so let's do it.
So I took the trip over to San Francisco yesterday and I went to TwitchCon, which I believe on the show,
I was concerned with what is there going to be at TwitchCon?
And isn't there enough kind of gaming expos between PAX and E3, which is a different type of show,
and oh, God, I don't know, EGX was going on the exact same weekend and so on.
I was just kind of like, what is it all that Twitch is really going to have?
And who all is going to this? I don't even know.
So I kind of appreciate the fact that now I've been able to go to the convention and I kind of have an answer for this.
So where do I start with TwitchCon? I guess I would start with some of the things I would say would be the quote-unquote bad.
It's not necessarily bad, it's just one of those like, okay, here's feedback for a year or two type of things.
So I did not see a ton of people there, but I was still impressed that there were that many people that were there.
And I have to also realize panels were going on a lot of the time, so they hide a lot of people in panel rooms.
And the thing about throwing a con in San Francisco is that there's tons of people out on the street eating and so forth
that you don't really see in the convention center.
So San Francisco kind of holds the people for a convention very well.
So I will say, even though it wasn't as huge as a PAX or something, I was still kind of like, okay, there's still a healthy amount of people here.
But I did feel a little bit like an outsider of sorts because this was very much a convention for the streamers and for the fans.
And I know there's a lot of big personalities, and I'm looking through the program and there's a list of like 200-something big Twitch people
that are all making an appearance and signing, and I'm looking over at the lines, and there's lines for these people to sign their books and stuff like that.
And I'm going, I don't know who any of these fucking people are.
Now, Jason, he's more vested in the whole Twitch thing than I am, so he's trying to give me like the five-second like, oh, this is so-and-so.
And he's telling me about all these people, and I'm like, okay, well, that's like really rad.
But, you know, I'm a big fan of independent broadcasting. I want people to do their thing.
It's just I'm not as knowledgeable on the video side, which is kind of funny.
And at the same token, none of these people have probably ever heard of Orange Lounge Radio or, you know, podcasting is probably old.
None of them knew who I was either, and that's fine.
You know, so it's just kind of funny that I definitely, I felt like I could kind of compare it to if I was going to BlizzCon and I didn't play any of their games.
It might have been something like that.
So that was interesting.
And there weren't really that many games at the con.
They did have some stuff on the floor, like they had like Rock Band 4, Street Fighter 5.
They had a pretty decent indie presence as well.
Deep Silver was there, and that's the first time I've seen Mighty No. 9 at all was there at TwitchCon.
So they did have some games, but it was only a handful of booths.
Like, honestly, I feel like there was probably as much at TwitchCon as there was at GamerX a couple, you know, last year.
But it's, you know, a smaller con or what have you.
And I kind of think that was the other thing is that I felt like Twitch was a little bit, like I'm not sure what the direction was.
Because it was like, okay, there's a little bit of these expos and then there's a little bit of this educational stuff for streamers.
And then there's like over here, there's like some competition things and some panels.
It was kind of like throwing all these lines out there and let's see what sticks.
And none of them were particularly a huge presence.
But again, it's a first year con. It's okay to have an identity problem your first year.
So, okay, so that's the stuff that I have that might be like negative-esque in nature or what have you.
What I thought was really good though is that I was not expecting so many companies that target this audience.
And maybe that's because I've been very old school for a long time.
I'm more of a podcaster that I was really surprised like, wow, you have all these companies I haven't necessarily heard of that are targeting live streamers.
You guys probably all heard about the new software for live streaming that came out during TwitchCon, that game room.
I think they showed that during the keynote, right?
So, they were out there on the floor and I actually got a demo of that program and I was convinced to sign up and give it a whirl.
There was another program we were seeing that sounded really cool and I want to get some hands on with it before I really tell you the name and give you more info on it.
But it made it sound like you could have a director that sits way off over yonder in one location and changes from these three different people that are all streaming the same game can change the camera view.
So, like if I'm in my house and then let's say Loki's at his house and Dark Soccer's at her house all playing the same game, then like Jason could play director and switch between the three of us and his stream is what goes into the cloud.
And I thought that was kind of a neat little thing like to be able to do director.
But it's so funny, tangent, it reminded me of there was some video program and this was years ago and somebody in chat will remember this because I couldn't remember the name of it.
There was some video program that like back when the show was on All Games and we were a part of that network and Scott had All Games Interactive.
I swear to God there was something he was using that was almost the same thing and like it was this big launch company and then they like went under in like a year.
Because I remember this whole thing they were doing the video thing and then like he could throw the video to you and you would do your video thing and you give it back to him.
Like I almost feel like now that was ahead of its time because it was very similar to what I was seeing.
But you know a lot of the live streaming stuff some people called really early.
So there it is, thank you, oh my God, thank you Operator11.
God that was bugging me all day, ask Jason.
All day yesterday I was so fucking bothered like what was the name of that software they used to All Games.
It was just like it, Operator11 that was it.
So this is like a new version of that I guess.
So and I guess what's also and Jason is saying this here.
In TwitchCon's defense Rob didn't attend panels and wasn't around during primetime hours.
And to be fair that's true.
And I would think that a lot of TwitchCon's audience was probably online.
So TwitchCon probably had a foot stamp that was much bigger than what you saw in San Francisco.
Because at least they were generous in putting a lot of their content online.
So if you couldn't go hey you can just kind of watch it online and see all those panels.
I'm going to be honest when I looked at the program since I'm not really a live stream.
I mean I know I've done the occasional live stream but I don't really do it a lot.
So when I was looking through the program and looking at the different panels I was like really?
None of this really interests me.
I mean if I were more into this I'd probably be like oh cool cool you know.
But you know like when I go to DragonCon and it's the podcast track I'm like I want to do this and this and this and this and this.
You know because that's the stuff that really interests me.
So that's not like a dig it's just you know oh here's how I feel as somebody who's really new to this.
But I will say this.
And I really think like if you're fuming over there if you're a big Twitch or live stream fan.
You're fuming over there because I dare say some negative things about the convention.
I'm going to leave you with this thought because I think this is probably the ultimate compliment to this whole thing.
That I was kind of apprehensive about attending in the first place.
I will say that in getting to talk to these different companies and learn more about the services they're offering.
It really got my gears turning about what can you do a little different with live streaming.
Because I always you know the stuff that really bores me with live streaming.
Is when people are just playing a game and they're not really doing anything except looking up once in a while to go.
Thanks for the follow. Thanks for the follow. Thanks for the donation.
Like that's it like and I'm sorry but if that's you on your live stream.
I just you're so boring like you're letting the game carry the weight of the stream.
And that's not really fair to the game makers that's my that's my very blunt and honest feedback.
However if you're more interactive with your stream.
If you're telling stories you're explaining things.
You're bantering with friends having fun with chat then it's the complete opposite.
Then that is different because now the game is just one tool and so forth.
So I've always wanted to make sure that if I want to invest myself more into Twitch.
I want to become more of that second scenario that I that I talked about that my first scenario.
And I felt that I saw tools at TwitchCon to help me be able to do that.
So long story short sorry too late but way too late.
Sorry about it. It's a three hour show.
TwitchCon motivated me to really give live streaming a full on go.
And I spent money on a brand new capture card brand new capture card.
Like I guess the thing just come out like two weeks ago that they were having some deal on at Twitch.
And so I really want to try and give this another go.
And I talked about this earlier in the year before the new year.
It was something I wanted to get into was live streaming more.
But then you know real life came up and there were some other issues.
But I just I feel that motivation again.
And I really want to try and ride that and see where I can go with this.
And maybe it'll be something awesome.
And maybe I'll be as boring as those first few channels I talked about.
I don't know but I'm going to give it a try.
So at the end of the day TwitchCon did motivate me to try and do more live streaming.
So I think that is probably a compliment for that.
Let's see. Go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says Skye so like streams where the host interacts with the viewers.
I've seen streams where the hosts do giveaways.
They give away a code to a game of one of the viewers in chat.
They use some sort of random number generator to pick the winner.
Yeah I think where the host interacts with the viewers.
I mean that's what we try to do here at OLR is interact with you guys and interact with each other.
And try to put on something that's more than just me reading blog posts.
Right? Because that's more fun. I think.
Sorry we weren't paying attention. What were you saying?
Shut up Dan. I hate you. Let's see.
Keeping it real.
Jason in chat is there saying successful variety streamers do exactly the fun things Rob described. Thank you.
And Kaijuto says I bet they do that because most gamers just want to watch the gameplay.
They don't want the talking. They have a lot of chatters tell them to shut up and play the game.
I agree.
Well I and I think there is an audience for that and that's fine.
And if you're like Rob no I want to go into his channels and just watch people play the game.
That's actually okay and I'm sorry if I ruffled your feathers and hurt your feelings.
If you run a stream that's more like the first one I talked about.
But in my opinion there's also a key difference.
Most of those streamers who are streaming the gameplay and nothing else.
Are not asking for your money at the same time.
I'm just saying.
So if you're going to ask for people's money you better be doing something to deserve it.
That is my...
That's how I feel. Do you think that somebody who does nothing...
If somebody decides that paying money for watching video game play is what they want to do.
That's their prerogative.
But sometimes like you watch a stream and it's for let's say an unusual game.
I mean let's be honest even if you're into classic game streams you're going to see like Mario 64 like 6000 times.
And usually it's a speed runner and that's really cool because I love to watch people speed run things.
But if you're watching somebody play a game because you want to see the game and how it's played in a real environment.
It's really neat when they're playing something that you don't see a lot of.
Generally though you do look for more personality because they're playing like A Link to the Past which you've watched 60 times.
Right.
So I see what you're saying but there's there's a place for the guy who sits there plays the game with some concentration.
And every once in a while it's just like oh yeah hey thanks for you know thanks for the ad thanks for the donation blah blah blah.
I don't know maybe I'm coming off way too harsh and not the way I really intend to say it.
But I just feel like those people aren't really asking for your money either and there's a big difference in my opinion.
Maybe they're not. I don't know. I don't donate shit.
I think there's a fine balance between just kind of playing the game and not really saying anything.
And saying a few things when they're like oh thanks for the you know follow or whatever.
And then PewDiePie that's like oh my God.
I hate watching people play through the games and talk over all the freakin dialogue and talk over the entire game.
I hate that with an unholy passion.
Oh yeah when people when people play an old school game and read the dialogue and act it out like a radio drama.
Right.
That's not what I'm talking about.
That's different when people are like oh yeah so I'm doing this thing. Oh yeah I'm doing that.
And then yeah this part annoys me and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I would rather have an occasional comment and maybe speaking to the chat room.
Then talk over the entire fucking game.
You want to see how it should be done. Watch games done quick.
I mean I think they do a great job you know and they're entertaining.
I think it's very informative.
I mean I think some quick days does a good job too and it's for charity.
Oh by the way if the money you're raising is for charity then I don't care what the fuck you're doing.
Just to be just to be clear for charity all bets are off.
I just want to put this out there though to put it into a real perspective Rob.
We are like twice as old as the average Twitch audience.
You're right. No I felt like an old fucking man there.
So those guys probably look for a different brand of entertainment.
Like when I tune into like a stream or a video I want to see the motherfucking game.
I don't want to hear you be like that's cool.
Do what you got to do for your audience.
But I mean seriously if you're playing something awesome and I'm not knocking PewDiePie.
I mean that guy knows what he's doing that guy.
I mean yes I'm it's I'm not his audience.
OK. And let's be honest the guy knows what he's doing.
He's making a ton of a ton of money off of this stuff and it seems to be enjoying what he does.
He makes like six mil a year.
Yeah I mean so I do kind of sometimes like watching Markiplier because he's kind of funny.
Yeah I want to kick that guy in the nuts every time I watch one of his scary videos.
I'm so freaked you play this game 50 times motherfucker.
You're not afraid. I was speaking anyway. Oh fuck.
I mean sorry. I can smother you in your sleep.
Anyway my sleep apnea comes from anyway really lame failed murder attempt.
I like watching me off every so often because I find him to be somewhat entertaining.
But for the most part I just like watching the games.
You know I I watch the streams for the games.
I like watching you know some people like if they've got a special technique to do something like I was watching something.
Something for the trespasser DLC for Dragon Age Inquisition where if you're playing a rogue you can do this back jump to get to a part that's normally you have to go through all this other crap to get to it.
So it's a little bit of a speed run element.
And I liked when they explained the technique and said OK you have to do this at this point and then they do it.
That's the stuff I don't mind.
I get everybody's got their own taste.
Go figure like there's some people that think our podcast is like the coolest fucking thing they've ever heard.
And other people are like how have they not died.
Their podcast is so terrible and they are so old.
But they listen.
But they listen for five seconds and they tune out.
Who cares. We got their listen.
That's true. That's true. We got their download. We got you now.
Right. Don't matter.
Give me your money.
Love it or hate it.
I mean and I find there are like different you know I really I don't watch a lot of twitch streams aside from games done quick.
But like youtubers I mean I think it's kind of the same personalities.
I'm just you know a little bit shorter.
There are some that you know I do find very entertaining like it even some that like I normally wouldn't find entertaining like a jacksepticeye.
I don't know his fucking name is but that guy.
I mean he's he's pretty famous.
I just don't know what his fucking name is.
Anyways he is fairly entertaining like I was watching the roller coaster game I have.
I forget the fuck it's called now but he was playing a bunch of different custom roller coasters in that.
And that was one that I had for the Oculus Rift.
I was just checking out custom tracks and stuff and looking for different videos because there's a ton out there on the scene workshop.
And he's playing a bunch of them and just like looked very entertaining in the way he was kind of showing off it seemed very entertaining.
So I was like OK cool I'll check this out and I watch some of his other videos and kind of went from there.
All right. I want to get into actually some of the gaming news this week and so forth.
So you know I think it's definitely a lot more opinion on this topic.
Welcome your guys's feedback over at participate at orange laundry dot com if you want to send us an email.
But do you want to hear before we switch you want to hear one really kind of funny like Rob is so fucking old story that came up at TwitchCon.
Sure Rob.
So I try out this game show software right.
And I'm like all right this seems interesting I'll give this a try.
I want to try this at home and see if I like it.
And so they're like OK we'll just go sign up over here and get your you know 60 day trial.
So I go up to the little computer and there's a keyboard and so forth.
And I'm there and I'm about to type my name and I'm like how do I click on this field.
There's no mouse. I'm like there's no mouse for me to move to click on the field.
And Jason looks over and goes Rob it's an iPad it's a touch screen touch touch touch the field.
That's how it's see how the keyboard is like a Bluetooth thing.
You touch the field and that's how you.
And I just had that moment of oh my God that that is that's it.
I am I'm now officially an old keyboard. How quaint.
Put on your depends Rob.
It's all downhill from here.
Then I went and ate my Activia.
Fuck that. I'm sorry.
It's no excuse.
Computer use the fucking computers that have mice.
When you go to a event it has you know you're expecting a computer.
I'm sorry that it just happened to look like a computer and you assumed it was a computer.
Oh my God what a fucking mistake.
To be fair it was an iPad and I just didn't notice the giant button on its side.
Well I can understand.
I'm sorry you guys are technologically semi up to date.
Fuck you.
No it was it was fair it was it was a boner by Rob.
Okay I was just trying to back him up there but.
No no bury him.
Swear to God this happened.
Jason back me up. Swear to God this happened.
Swear to me.
Seattle chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says guys it's time to put Rob in a home.
Brad from Lego culture says time to drag Rob out behind the barn and put him down.
Speaking.
No Wilberts just speaking of.
Lego.
Speaking of Lego I'm looking at this wonderful like list of Lego dimension characters and packs that they have.
I kind of need it.
Like they've got a midway arcade pack coming out.
Do you know they do.
Yes and there's like a gamer like an arcade gamer guy.
Okay.
Dark soccer.
You are Loki a cookie because he might have just convinced dad get leg and listen listen.
And here's here's here's what the level pack comes with.
It comes with a gamer.
It comes with an arcade machine and the spy hunter car.
You're fucking kidding me.
Oh where's that.
I don't see it.
Well it looks right there.
Oh it just says it.
Just so you know when our our our our pal Bobby who is on just before or when he was talking about Lego dimensions.
Dark soccer in the studio effectively was Dan.
I want it.
Dan I want Lego dimensions.
And Dan said the fuck we're getting that game.
We are not getting that fucking game.
But now you're looking at this going oh but I can get the spy hunter car.
No no I can still get the spy hunter car.
Without the game.
And was it wave three.
They've got Doctor Who's Cyberman and it also comes with the Dalek.
You know the sad thing about them having the midway pack.
They'll never get Tron because of fucking Disney.
Tiger Claude Chat says and to think Loki was against the whole toy to life genre when Skylanders first came out.
I was okay.
My remember what.
Listen.
Do you remember what my bitch was about those packs.
My bitch was and it always has been.
They're fucking useless because all you can do with them is use them with that game.
They have no purpose aside from that you can't move the arms can't do anything with them.
These are fucking Legos.
You can take them off the base and they're fucking Legos.
There's never an excuse not to buy Legos.
Period.
That's it.
They are pretty expensive.
All Legos are fucking expensive.
No that's what I'm saying that's an excuse not to buy Legos.
But I'm just saying though there is a use beyond the game.
Like say the game you just stopped playing it.
It's still a fucking Lego.
You can still do whatever you want with it.
Alright.
They should make the narc guys.
Oh how about bad dudes.
Are you a bad enough dude to save the president.
That would be sweet.
That was day to east.
Oh my bad.
Alright.
Hey I want to.
I'm old and I'm forgetful excuse me.
You're supposed to know that because you're old Rob.
You've got it backwards.
That and you do a game show.
Wait.
To do a video game show I have to play video games?
Have you heard most video game podcasts?
Alright.
Anyhow.
Let's get into our gaming weeks because we do like to start off at the top of the show talking about the types of video games we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura over there who's been so quiet when she's had all this opportunity to make fun of me.
I appreciate that.
Dark Sakura how was your gaming week?
That's why I'm here.
I'm letting Dan do my hard work for me.
I see.
You got me Dutch Brothers tonight so you're on my good list as far as I'm concerned.
Well I gave you the rest of my Dutch Brothers to thank Dan.
I got you Dutch Brothers tonight.
I will take second hand cootie filled Dutch Brothers.
I will still take it.
Dark Sakura your gaming week.
I did some Dragon Age Inquisition.
We got the Wii U bundle with Mario Maker.
I haven't played it yet because the night we got it Dan had everybody over and I had to go to bed early.
And you know work and what not.
So I would hope to have played my friends levels tomorrow while Dan's working.
But you'll probably sleep until four.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
No there's nothing wrong with that.
What do I have things to do today?
Are you done?
Probably not.
We all know he's not.
Why did I bring you?
So just attempt Dark Sakura.
You didn't want to drive?
True.
Do not make me call the police on a domestic situation.
Please.
We're not fighting.
Alright.
This is normal.
You've ridden with us to Disneyland.
You've ridden with us to fight.
Oh my god.
We didn't fight at all.
You just nagged me for like 600 miles.
You guys.
Cause you wouldn't get me coffee after you promised me.
We did get you coffee.
Yeah.
After I nagged you into it.
We gave you coffee when we found some place that sold coffee.
Jesus Christ.
It was like five years ago.
Get the fuck over it.
You know what?
No.
I have to remember everything because it's my job as a wife.
You guys.
This isn't even half as bad as I've seen it get.
You failed.
I will punch you in the kidney until you.
Will you finish your whatever you were doing?
Gaming week.
Gaming week.
Yeah.
It's our branding Dan.
Gaming week.
How was your gaming week TM?
I've been feeling the irony.
So I played a minesweeper on my Mac.
Just because it was funny.
I really haven't done a whole lot this week.
So whatever.
That's it.
There you go.
Oh no.
One thing.
I'm learning how to use different posing and rendering software.
So I can actually customize images from video game renders.
I've been saying for years.
She's a poser.
Well, I saw at TwitchCon,
they were taking pictures on iPad of people and doing like 3D prints of
like people's face and stuff.
And you know,
Jason had pointed that out to me and I was like, I don't,
I don't need to unleash that on the world. No one needs it.
No one needs a bust of Rob Roberts from a 3D printer.
Nobody needs that.
I'll take a bust of a bust though.
A bust of a bust.
All right.
Are you finished dark soccer?
Is that if you're a gamer?
Yeah, I guess since I'm a poser.
All right.
Total poser.
I'll take a Rob Roberts bust bust.
Would you?
Yeah, that's a lot of words.
Trace busta busta.
For you, I would, I would, I would take my shirt off.
So it would be a true bust image of Rob Roberts.
All right. Anyway, Loki.
How was your gaming week?
This week I played actually a bit of Minecraft because my son's really
into Minecraft now.
So we've been,
I went back to my Xbox 360 level that I had made a while back.
And so I added like a roller coaster thing around that.
And what else?
I also played, of course, you know, the Wii U.
I did a couple levels in Mario Maker.
I have another one I was working on last night,
which is why I'm so tired because I was working on it so long that I
didn't realize it was two in the morning.
And it's pretty mean because it's,
the whole level is basically these saw blades chasing after you.
And there's a lot of things slowing you down.
And then there's one part where you have to jump between a bunch of
different platforms over lava and there's piece switches everywhere and
they're made out of bricks.
So you have to dodge the piece switches and they're hard to dodge.
That sounds awesome. I can't wait to try it.
Yes. So I'm working on that. I just got tired last night.
So the finale for the whole level is not very good.
So I go go back and fix that.
And I played a little bit Splatoon, like very little,
like just a couple levels and it was okay.
I want to play it more, but I just don't have a chance to,
since it doesn't have the second screenplay on it.
So that's a little annoying.
But Mario Maker, love it that it has that second screenplay.
And I've been enjoying a hell of a lot of that.
Got a new phone. So I have a Galaxy S6 now.
So I was been, I downloaded a humble mobile bundle on that.
And I've been playing this game called One More Line,
which is kind of like this, I don't know.
It's a pretty simple one, one finger game basically.
You just kind of tap the screen when you want to,
I guess, attach two different like little round circles that they have in there.
You're trying to dodge them and it swings around it.
Anyway, it has a really cool soundtrack to it.
So I don't know, enjoying that game a little bit.
And then what else?
I don't remember if I worked on my game at all this week.
I think I worked on the logo stuff a little bit.
So I redesigned my company logo and I was working on the game logo right now.
But I'm thinking I'm going to go back and redo that at some point.
But still trying to focus on getting the game done this year.
I just got an update from my web host.
I got to renew my website, which I've never used.
Fun stuff.
Alright. Exciting.
Dan, how about you buddy? How was your gaming week?
Actually, I had a pretty active gaming week.
I put on a Metroid exhibition for Jamie,
which just kind of showed that I'm not nearly as good at Metroid as I thought I was.
But I used some cheat codes and played through the game a bunch of times.
Narpus Bailey.
Narpus Sword.
Narpus Sword-o!
And then I bought a couple NES games.
I bought Twin Cobra and I bought Star Voyager.
Twin Cobra is about what you think it's going to be.
It's an overhead helicopter shooter.
Star Voyager is a completely unintelligible NES game.
Looks like it might be cool if I had an idea how to play it.
And then we got the Wii U.
And so I played a bunch of Mario Maker, which I'm really enjoying so far.
And I also played some Mega Man Legacy Collection on the PlayStation 4.
Good times. You've been busy.
Good times.
More busy than my gaming week.
Honestly, not a lot of new stuff for me this week.
I've been playing a lot of Diablo 3 with Alan.
Because this weekend they had a special event in Diablo 3
where you get double bounty rewards.
Double caches. Bonus caches.
And now bounties are an important part of the game
because when they put that new item in the game, the Knais Cube,
you need bounty rewards to be able to power that cube.
So it made that all relevant again.
So Alan and I have been playing more of that.
My character has been getting more powerful.
So that's been feeling really good.
Even though Alan will play a lot more than I will when I'm at work.
So he's running laps around me now.
He's like, oh yeah, I did Torment 10 while you were gone today.
And I'm like, oh yay, I can barely hold my own in Torment 6.
But that's alright.
If he doesn't mind carrying me, that's how you know he cares.
Because he will dumb it down for me.
He will play on my level and help me level up.
So that's always nice.
So that's pretty much that with Diablo 3.
Honestly though, not a lot of new stuff this week otherwise.
It's pretty much been that.
A little bit of Final Fantasy XIV here and there.
Though I'm really still waiting for the expansion.
And then more Mario Maker.
Mario Maker is great.
I'm going in and playing people's levels.
I do need to go in and make another level.
My last one was that Witch is Back one I think I talked about last week.
So I really need to go in and make a new one.
I was going to do that yesterday.
But then I ended up going to TwitchCon which wasn't so bad.
And so I played stuff there which I already talked about.
Alright, that's it for our gaming weeks.
So let's get into housekeeping tonight.
We don't have any shows off for the foreseeable future.
So we will be here over the coming weeks.
And you can of course always follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And we're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLionageRadio.
And for ye few who are still on Google Plus.
Google.com slash Plus OrangeLionageRadio.
Let's get into some gaming news.
But I do.
Before I turn it over to Loki.
I forgot to mention this.
I was supposed to mention this when I was talking about TwitchCon.
But it is kind of important news.
Twitch users are going to be able to create a video on demand playlist.
That was part of the huge news that came out of TwitchCon.
And so pretty soon here.
I mean Twitch is basically going toe to toe with YouTube.
When it comes to gaming.
You know that's the one thing Twitch didn't really have.
Was the whole use this link to go watch this video.
I mean it kind of had that with the highlights.
But they're really going to go more into that video on demand.
And then essentially it sounds like really creating your own 24-7 channel.
Where these video on demand clips could play on loop.
And then when you decide to go live.
Hey you're live.
So it's going to be very interesting to see how that kind of all comes together.
And I think the 24-7 channel thing is not really something YouTube does right now.
So this whole back and forth of this competition is going to be really really fascinating.
I think between the two companies.
So anyhow I just want to make sure that got out there.
Because that was some kind of big news this week out of TwitchCon.
So let me go ahead and turn it over to Loki for the next thing.
So I guess we shouldn't expect another Playstation portable system.
This is coming from remarks made by Shuhei Yoshida during EGX.
And basically saying you know people have mobile phones.
And it's so easy to play games on smartphones.
Many games on smartphones are free or free to start in contract with more expensive Vita titles.
We're working hard on designing everything.
Touch based games are fun.
There are many games with very good design.
But having sticks and buttons make things totally different.
So I hope like many of you that this culture of playing portable games continues.
But the climate is not healthy for now because of the huge dominance of mobile gaming.
With that said why the fuck did you shut down Playstation mobile?
Because I mean I think that would fit perfectly in with this.
It is a little bit disappointing.
And also still that I kind of wish they would have supported the Playstation TV a little bit more.
Because I think that could have helped garner more interest in the Vita.
And I'm not sure if it's totally dead because you know you have the 3DS doing really well.
So I don't know maybe have some more interesting games on the platform.
I think that's really the problem with it.
Because a lot of the big games you know this was supposed to be kind of this portable Playstation 3 experience almost.
Like they were going to have a Call of Duty game on it.
They were going to have Resistance.
Both of those games really sucked.
Their versions.
Killzone was okay.
But if they had a really good Call of Duty game and a really good Resistance game on there.
I think that would have helped get a little more interested.
Borderlands 2 is pretty good on it.
But just because there's not a lot unless you're really into Japanese imports.
Because there's a whole ton of that shit.
It's like Sony almost gave up in the US.
You look at Japan and it's like it's a completely different story over there.
Yeah. And that's the thing.
It's kind of annoying. They've just kind of given up on that.
And I think that the problem is they're not really demonstrating what the uses are of this system.
I mean that you can stream your Playstation 4 games to it.
Or you can play these different games on it.
Or you can do these different applications.
They never really even developed a lot of apps for it.
I mean they have Netflix.
I mean it's just not utilized very well I think.
And the interface is kind of dumb on it. I don't know.
And they never did understand why you needed 3G on it.
But it was still a good portable system all things considered.
They booted the launch.
They tried to come in too high for a portable system.
Basically just like they did with the Playstation 3.
They tried to come in too high.
They didn't get the initial interest.
A competitor released competing hardware.
That then just kicked it in the teeth.
And it never really recovered.
The Playstation 3 at least had long enough legs to where you kind of looked at it eventually and said,
Oh yeah, a Playstation 3. That was a pretty cool system.
The Vita on the other hand, what was it, a year ago that Sony was basically like,
Yeah guys, don't count on this shit being around much longer.
And now it's just sort of floating in the water.
Hey, as soon as I see it for 99 bucks, I'm grabbing one.
But I was not paying, what was it, 3 something at launch if you wanted the good one.
And 2.99 if you wanted the WiFi.
It's so weird to me how different the story is in Japan.
In Japan, Vitas, there's more games coming out on Vita every week.
I swear to God.
Monster Hunter didn't rescue it this time.
Nintendo sewed that up.
Because that's what saved the PSP.
I just don't understand. They could be doing a lot more with it.
But they just don't want to, I guess.
I mean, I don't know. What they really should be doing is, you know,
I don't know, touting more of like playing the older games maybe?
Like Playstation 1 and Playstation 2 games?
Rich Racer! Rich Racer!
Interesting perspective from AkumaJP, who of course is in Japan in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
AkumaJP says Playstation TV thingy will be Playstation Now, the Playstation rental thingy that was announced at TGS.
So is that really what the Vita?
I mean, maybe the Vita is just essentially a portable Playstation Now device.
And that's what Sony will...
Well, then just kind of start hinting at that right now.
They're just like, eh, you know, it doesn't exist.
I mean, kind of like...
Well, the rumors are really gaining steam this week.
I don't know if there was, I can't remember offhand if it was like a website thing or somebody was in the beta.
But somebody had found that there is definite language and hints that Playstation 2 is finally,
those games are going to be playable on Playstation 4.
Very soon.
I think they should.
Like, of course it'll be downloadable.
Well, Playstation 1 games should be playable on the Playstation 4, but they're not yet.
I mean, I don't understand that either.
And PSP games should be playable on those systems too.
They could all stream and then you could play them on your Vita too.
And like AkumaJP says, it would just all be Playstation Now.
I just think it would be awesome if they had that kind of stuff.
They just, yeah, I think they just never really knew what the system was.
And it was just trying too much.
Like, the stupid back touch sensors.
That just didn't make any fucking sense.
But they tried pushing it anyways and talking about how important it was.
And it never is.
When you're touting how important something is and it's kind of like, eh, I don't know about that.
It was just annoying.
It's just, it's dumb.
I don't know. Even with, like, I thought the 3D stuff for the 3DS would have taken off a little bit more.
Because at least that's something interesting, I think.
And then they just said, eh, fuck it.
We're just not going to really use it that much.
I don't know. Alright.
I think with the Vita, you kind of have it right.
If they would really have pushed its streaming ability and its multimedia ability as its primary focus.
And, to what I said, sold that thing for less.
Portable systems can't cost as much as home consoles.
They just can't.
Even if they are as good, even if they are more fun, the perception of value is not there.
The market won't support it.
But then again though, they have tablets and shit that cost way more than those systems.
But they don't sell them as gaming devices.
Tablets are productivity devices.
Tablets are entertainment portals.
Yes, you can game on them, but Nintendo hasn't come out with a tablet and tried to charge $500 for it.
And if they do, it'll be a brick.
I really think they should have done that with the Vita where they had it as a device.
Because they had, like, Twitter and all that other shit on there.
Yeah, but Twitter on the Vita is kind of a joke.
Twitter on an iPad is natural.
Exactly. But why couldn't it have been natural on the Vita?
No keyboard.
The screen's not big enough, honestly.
In my opinion.
That'd be handy.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Challenge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, green.
Alright. Anyhow, let's move on.
We'll get back into this topic a little later during the FUGL question of the week.
But in the meantime, I want to talk about something else that another company is just trying to make happen, and that is eSports.
Even though I seem to recall that Heroes of the Storm got a little bit of a tepid reaction when it screened on ESPN2,
eSports and other places are obviously doing very well.
I'm not trying to knock eSports whatsoever. I mean, look at Twitch.
That is huge on eSports, right?
So, eSports is going to be coming to TBS, which of course is right now the home of Conan.
Yeah, so it's the funny network.
TBS is sort of where things go or they have nowhere else to go.
Well, I don't know, because Conan's good.
Yeah, but I mean, that's still the nowhere else to go.
They do have a lot of reruns on TBS.
True.
And you know where else things go?
Friday night is also the, there's nowhere else to go, so they put it on Friday night.
Friday night is usually where shows go to die.
Fox is notorious for that, right?
Firefly aired on Friday nights, and we all saw what happened there.
Friday and Saturday nights, worst nights you can be on on television.
However, Turner Broadcasting signed a deal to do bouts of Counter-Strike Global Offensive on TBS,
and of course it'll be on Friday nights.
But maybe they're thinking, well, this audience, maybe you'll TiVo it,
or maybe this is just going to be a different audience who might be around to watch it.
We'll see.
People who would watch Counter-Strike on TV are definitely home on Friday nights.
Stop.
It's going to be on 20 weeks of 2016.
They were going to do 20 weeks of it.
So we don't know much else about that.
Qualifying rounds for the main events will be streamed online,
and then I'm assuming the main event will be folks going to the TBS headquarters in Atlanta
where the live shows will be broadcast from.
So there you go.
Esports coming to TBS, which isn't TBS's line very funny?
So what's so funny about esports?
Or are they changing their image a little bit?
Is that what's happening?
I don't know.
The equivalent of watching esports for me, or not esports,
but just watching people play games is the equivalent of watching Monday Night Football.
Some of it's interesting.
I was watching some people play Mario Maker streams last night.
Some people think Monday Night Football is interesting too.
I guess that's true.
Is it what maybe they're playing though?
Because again, there's a big difference between the person who's not doing anything with their stream
and Awesome Games Done Quick, which is a lot of fun to watch.
I'll put it this way.
I used to have a big pile of people watch me play Hatoful Boyfriend.
It's just a matter of what interests you.
It doesn't matter what interests you.
A big pile is six.
Six people.
Okay.
That's probably how many are listening to our podcast.
So that's all right.
Thanks, Dan.
That's six people we didn't have before.
I'm supportive.
All right.
Yeah, like a jockstrap.
All right.
Moving on.
If you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
Be an athletic supporter.
Can you be a news supporter, Dark Soccer, to read the next story?
Well, this has been definitely kind of a polarizing conversation.
And I've seen it floating the rounds of all the social media I'm on.
But there's been a series of negotiations going on between some of the major video game companies
and the Screen Actors Guild.
Basically over, it looks like, you know, cost of wages and working conditions for voice actors.
Which, of course, we love our voice actors and we want them to be in the best conditions possible for their job.
There have been...
The big discussion has been wanting to do bonuses for actors on games that sell more than two million units
at two million unit intervals, stunt pay and a stunt coordinator for dangerous motion capture sessions
and some transparency during the audition phase.
You know, basically wanting to know who they're auditioning for, the number and length of sessions.
It's all stuff that you'd want to know when you go into a job.
Like, what are my hours? What am I getting paid? What do you want me to do?
You know, it's the same thing as when you go into any other kind of job.
Basically, the proposals made by the game industry were rejected, of course, by the Screen Actors Guild
because, honestly, they were very dickish proposals.
They wanted to be able to fine actors $2,500 for being late or inattentive during sessions,
wanted to use non-union company staff for motion capture roles,
and the ability to fine the agents for not sending their clients to certain auditions.
Honestly enough, I can see, I guess, why they'd want to be able to have certain protections in place,
but there's also a lot of use for abuse there.
And so, since they can't come to an agreement, the Screen Actors Guild has put it up now to a vote
to see if they're going to agree to strike. They have to have 75% of the members agree to it before it happens.
And, honestly enough, I'd have to look closer in depth to the...
I'm sure I don't have access to all of it, of course, but I'd like to see what those proposals were in depth
and see if they were very specific or if they were just this generic,
oh yeah, if we don't think they're attentive, we're going to charge them $2,500, blah, blah, blah.
I honestly think that, especially since... because of Marissa, not just because of Marissa,
but we know people now.
Do you remember a couple of weeks ago, we had that trio of voice actors on the show,
and that was a great interview, and if you guys haven't heard it, go back and listen.
But I remember distinctly they were having a conversation, and I think David had said to Greg something about,
I don't know about you, but my agent makes sure that I'm not booked for any more than two hours of screaming at a time
because your voice needs to rest. And it was funny because I was thinking about that conversation
that they were having on our show when that whole strike cup came up, and I thought,
David has somebody, an agent or whatever, that probably sticks up for him and Greg for him,
but what about these other people? Maybe they don't have somebody.
And that also says to me that if the agent wasn't there, they would be asked to do four to six hours
of screaming at a time and so forth, and some other voice actor who might be new or may not know better
than to ask that to not happen, and the game designers may not understand what a strain that is.
So I can see where rules like that might be necessary, for sure.
And the whole point is that the Screen Actors Guild is there to protect its members,
including the people who don't physically appear on screen, the people whose voice appears in the game,
the people who perform the motion action, they're all part of what appears on the screen.
Therefore, I mean, they are valuable parts of the industry. And if those protections aren't there,
then, I mean, we have high quality, high budget games so that we can get people whose voices fit the characters,
who are professionals, because we remember the narration in Nights, don't we?
Well, I mean, there's so many even more contemporary games, like Portal would be nothing without Ella McClain, I believe.
Imagine Dragon Age with outsourced voice acting.
Mark Hamill as the Joker. I mean, yes, I realize in the most recent game they did finally have to replace him,
but there's just, it's not, Mark Hamill for some is the definitive Joker, and if he wanted to,
if they went on strike, he wouldn't be able to do this. Maybe that's not a good example because he retired,
but it just goes to show that some people are really, really tied to the rule.
They would have paid for him, by the way.
Who would you have to do voice acting if Nolan North and Troy Baker stopped doing it?
That's a very good question, actually. Who are they going to go to if Nolan North can no longer replace other voice actors?
I've seen people say, because there's a few discussions about this on my Facebook,
like, oh, we'll probably just go back to having people in the company do the voices,
and yeah, and it's going to sound pretty awful because they're not trained for it.
I mean, the reason why I bring up the narration in Nights, Dan and I have brought this up,
that we think it's just the secretary at Sega.
Yeah, it is pretty bad.
Well, in the early days, it probably was.
Especially in Christmas Nights where she's just like, and it was a season of good cheer and happiness for everybody.
A lot of the voice actors in World of Warcraft, I mean, they do have, but a lot of them are Blizzard employees.
Yeah.
So, I mean, of course they use, of course, some of the big names too.
But a lot of them came later.
Yeah.
But it's just a matter of, you know, now we have high quality talent, people who are perfect for what they do,
but you have to make sure that you're, and I'm using this, employees, contractors,
you have to make sure that they're protected and that you give them a safe work environment.
And that, I think, is what a good part of this is.
Okay, this story is lighting up our chat room.
I've got to read some of these comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDef says, I agree with the voice actors, let them strike.
Brad from Lego Culture says, actor strike killed heroes the first time, the original plotline was amazing.
Best comparison I could rattle off right now.
I hate to be that guy, Brad, but that was actually a writer's strike, not an actor's strike.
But a strike, whoever it is, can definitely put the brakes on a popular thing.
I will pause and say this.
If you want something to continue, it's good to support the people who are striking.
Make sure they have the better conditions.
Write the companies and say, hey, why don't you go ahead and negotiate properly?
You know, it doesn't matter if you lose out if these people are busting their asses for nothing.
A few other great comments here.
Rama says, I don't want them to strike either, but I don't blame them for it.
Dungeon Buster says, Anime Jam Session noted that the last time the contract was negotiated was back in the 90s.
That's a long time without change, especially when game production has changed so much.
That's a really important point right there.
I mean, think about the types of games they were making in the 90s, right?
Tia Carrera on a green screen for, what the hell game was that that she was in?
Some horrible CD-ROM game.
Or the dude that did Loki, what's that game you love, Mega Race?
Oh, I don't even remember the guy's name, but he kind of looked like, what's his name from Three's Company or something.
I don't even remember the game.
Poor Dana Plato from Super Shock and all that.
Dana Plato brought her problems on herself. Poor nothing.
Zippo25 says, I am a voice actor.
The thing is that if you try to refuse work based on things like vocal strain, etc.
There will always be someone willing to do it.
In games too, without having a face and something easily recognizable, the value of voice actors is generally seen as less than normal actors.
But that's a good comment.
In my opinion, there's an interesting line you have to balance here because you don't want to end up,
Yes, there are tons of people out there willing to do it for free, I'm sure.
But you don't want to end up with the announcer from the unenthusiastic or the first cast of Resident Evil.
Looks like someone's going to end up in a Jill sandwich.
I was going to bring that up.
You've got to realize that in some of these games, the bad voice acting is legendary.
I mean, this is a 20-year issue.
Today it would be a joke.
This goes back to the 90s.
Or like Elmer Fudd as Dr. Light.
Oh, that was awesome.
Mega Man, you must destroy Dr. Wowie.
It's so bad.
But no, this goes back like 20-some years.
And they felt the effect.
They said, okay, we can't have these cheesy voice actors, so we've got to pay voice actors to really come and do the games.
But it's really never gone away.
They've never found that balance that the voice actors need to find.
I mean, maybe it's the legitimacy that they need to find to be treated as they should be treated.
Because, whatever, I didn't catch the name, sorry.
But like you said, if you say, well, you know what? No, I'm not going to make enough.
There's a guy behind you that's going to be like, hey, that sounds groovy. I'll take it.
Give me the mic.
It would be a dream to do voice acting in a video game for me.
I'm not saying I'd be good at it, but I would love to do that.
I wanted to be a cartoon character when I grew up, but at the same time...
You are a cartoon character, Rob.
I also wanted to... Well, gosh!
Of course.
But I also... Oh, Kermy!
Not a Muppet. You're a cartoon character.
Quick tangent. That new Muppet show? Fucking delivered. Fucking delivered.
It's fucking great.
I haven't seen it, but I read it got savaged.
Here's the thing. It's not the 70s Muppet show.
It's what if the Muppets starred in The Office Meets 30 Rock?
That's what the Muppets is.
You gotta watch it.
It's great. Anyway.
That does sound awesome. I will catch it when it's on Netflix.
Fucking, it's on Hulu. It's on Hulu.
Yeah, Netflix.
Anyway, tangent. So what was I saying? Oh, yes.
I would love to voice that, but at the same time, I totally respect the wishes of these...
When it comes to the money issue, I'm not sure, sir, and that's something the lawyers have to work out.
The whole certain working conditions, a lot of that, it makes sense.
I don't think I'd really want to scream for four hours on end myself.
How dangerous can it be to record in a closet at Capcom? Seriously.
Maybe a men's room.
When I host Rocky Horror Picture Show on a Saturday night, and I'm doing a lot of screaming,
and then I come to this show, you guys can hear it in my voice sometimes when I'm on the show on Sunday.
That's why I take care of all the screaming.
Go back and listen to tonight's intro with Jason.
Sorry, Jason. I love you. But he was at TwitchCon all weekend, and it's kind of obvious.
I have to explain to family members why I don't call them when I get home from work,
or why I don't really want to say words to people.
Because when you work on the phone, it sucks.
Yeah, but besides that, I'm talking for eight hours.
That's why sometimes I don't really want to hang out or do things on weeknights, because it's like I talk all day today.
I just want to stay home and sleep. That's what I want to do today. You know what I mean?
I would rather sit in companionable silence.
I remember when I was long-distancing with Jamie, I worked at a phone job, and she'd be like,
we should call, and I'm like, okay.
Let's hang out, but don't talk to me.
I don't like you anymore.
I used to sit on the pay phone at Denny's and talk to him.
Yeah, my phone bill was atrocious.
So was mine.
All right, let's move on.
Unlimited power.
Let's see, what's the time stamp on tonight's show?
We're an hour and eight minutes in and three stories down.
And you were afraid.
I know, I was like, oh, the news is light this week, you guys.
We've got plenty of content. I'm here.
And then you were like, I'm going to bring Dan, and I was like, oh shit.
It's an extended episode.
Five hour marathon show.
Guess who doesn't have to work tomorrow.
We love having Dan here.
Let's go to Pinkberry when we're done.
You may not have to work tomorrow, young lady.
I gotta be to the office.
Hell or nothing.
That's right.
Yeah, you guys suck.
All right, moving on, Loki.
So, Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is not going to have a single player campaign on Xbox 360 or Playstation 3 this year.
Instead, they're just going to go multiplayer only on those two consoles and, of course, with the zombies and everything.
It's kind of interesting.
I'm wondering if it's because that now with all the voice acting and cut scenes and everything that they have in the game,
they just can't fit it on the disc.
And so maybe instead of, eh, fuck it, we're not going to put multiple discs on there, we'll just...
It's the same disc.
Well, it's, I don't know, I think in the past they've had some, like on the Xbox 360, that have been...
Oh yeah, I guess they play on Blu-ray.
Yeah, well no, because even, I want to say, Advanced Warfare and the last few games they've had where it's like an install disc.
So you have to install a portion of it to your hard drive or something like that.
They just don't want to spend the dev time on it.
It's like, we'll sell you something, just buy something new, buy a new system.
It is $10 cheaper for the single player campaign not being there.
I personally like the single player campaign, so thankfully I do have a modern console for that, but it is kind of disappointing.
But I guess, you know, the majority of the people, that's what they're there for.
They're going to be playing the multiplayer, so I don't know.
Yeah, if you have to be on the cutting edge, I think it's reasonable now that they're creating the games for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the 360, and PlayStation 3 get the sloppy seconds.
Like, you know, we are, what, three years in now to this console cycle, so I think it's alright.
See, I would almost think it would go the other way, that it would be a one player game and it wouldn't have the multiplayer.
Yeah, but those games' bread and butter is multiplayer, you know?
Right, but I'm just thinking, you know, it's like, okay, so, you know, in the past, you know, games would always be like, okay, so here's your game experience, but if you want the multiplayer and all that, you gotta go up to date.
Now, of course, that was, you know, the limitation of the system back when you transitioned from PS2 to PS3, for example.
You had an online capable system versus an online native system.
So, okay, you get the multiplayer on the new gen, you just get the bare bones single player experience.
So now it's come full circle. Now it's like, okay, you get the multiplayer on last year's console, you get the full experience on this year's console.
Well, you know, if the next generation has anything to say about it, there might not be consoles for these games.
This is an interesting report that was published by the NPD group, and they studied two to 17-year-olds in the U.S.
and found that more of them are playing games on phones and tablets at 63% than playing on consoles at 60%.
Granted, that's not a huge difference, that's only a 3% difference, but it is notable that it's more on phones and tablets than on consoles.
Just saying, two years ago when they did this study, also, consoles were 67%.
So, here now the numbers have flipped a little bit.
But you're adopting a new generation.
That's right.
They will play on whatever the fuck is in front of them, to be honest.
I mean, so that's what it comes down to, it's just...
Is that what it is, the tablet is easier?
I've got the new, new, new, new, new iPad, and so I have all those other ones that are just fucking garbage, just sitting there, paperweights, essentially.
Here, you little brat.
Here, you can play games on...
You play with the iBabySitter.
And basically a lot of games...
Seriously, that's what we do.
I understand that you may think that, you know, yeah, we may be horrible parents, but yes, our kids fucking are...
They are obsessed with fucking electronics, and we will give them fucking iPad touches because those things are fucking indestructible for some reason.
And my two-year-old, he likes the fireworks game, which involves literally touching the screen and fireworks appear.
That's why they're playing games on these handhelds, because they're fucking simple.
Okay, you razzed that game, though, but think about some of the shit we played on Atari 2600.
Like, some of it was bad.
What was the age range that was quoted in that article?
Two to seventeen years old.
Yeah, so you can't count a two-year-old as a gamer.
You can't count a five-year-old as a gamer.
I was a gamer at five years old, fuck you.
No, you were not.
Yes, I was.
You were playing a game, but you really weren't a gamer until you were cognizant enough to look at games and go, ooh, I like this, ooh, I don't like that.
Okay, so seven.
I did it.
Maybe seven, maybe eight.
I was trying to program games at five years old, so, you know.
What the fuck ever.
Dan, weren't you just sitting with Julian playing?
No, but I'm not saying that Julian isn't a video game player.
Julian's also, like, eight now, right?
Yeah, but he's been playing games since he was like four.
We played a bunch of, like, Capcom classics. It was awesome.
You know, it was fantastic.
And he has tastes and he has, you know, things that he likes to play and things that he doesn't like to play and he'll watch his mom play games and Jamie and the whole works.
It's really, really cool, but he's not making his decisions as, like Matt said, they're going to play what they can play.
They're going to play what I give them.
They're like associate gamers.
They're like interns.
They're like unpaid interns.
Now, eventually that kid's going to be old enough that you're going to be, he's going to be like, yo, dad, I want this.
And that's when you're like, okay, now you're making, you know, why do you want that?
And if he's like, I want this for this reason and that reason and that reason and he can extrapolate why he wants these games.
And maybe I'm underestimating five-year-olds. Maybe they're brilliant now, not from what I've seen, but maybe.
I don't know. Yeah, my son, he's just, he talks about Minecraft, but he'll talk about whatever the hell you put in front of him.
Like Minecraft or Lego Marvel Super Heroes, you just talk it.
Maturity level varies from child to child and we can leave it at that.
But I just don't think that, you know, you can, you can pull a two year old, but my two year old is a gamer.
Fuck you.
I think in the vast majority of scenarios though, what's really happening is that here, take this and play Minecraft.
Exactly.
While mommy watches Scandal.
I like what Kaiju just said. Can't go by decisions.
Most gamers in their thirties can't make good game decisions either.
Well, but it's not even that they make good decisions. It's that they make decisions.
Like Sophia, my niece, she plays games on her parents iPads.
Did she call me uncle? Captain Correction, huh?
Anyhow.
What the fuck's your problem?
Anyway, what's, what's the, what's the second half of the story?
Nothing.
Okay. All right. Well, let's, uh, let's move on to the next story before we get to the release dates.
We're going to travel around the world, check out release dates, but first one more news story here at Dark Sakura.
Uh, the story in, um, it's basically the RIAA calling out DMCA.
So basically, um, the, the RIAA chairman or sorry, CEO, sorry, Carrie Sherman says the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, um, is forcing right holders to play pretty much whack-a-mole.
That the whole point in copyright law is that they do a notice and take down system.
They see that a provider is hosting a content that violates copyright.
They send them a notice, they take it down.
However, five seconds later, another site has the link or another place has the link.
And so they're saying it's just an ineffective method that they're spending all of this money on copyright enforcement when there is no real way to keep it enforced.
Once on the internet, forever on the internet.
Indeed, sort of like the war on drugs, wasting all this money for people who are just going to find another way to get what they want.
Yeah, especially since they're copying, you know, all those drugs are copyrighted and they're infringing on those copyrights.
Can I trademark marijuana? I'd make a killing.
You know what my point is?
I do.
It's the whole thing is that you're trying to fight against something that, first of all, is going to find another way to rear its ugly head and probably monetize it.
Because then it is something illicit, quote, quote, quote, quote, that will make people want to get it.
The more that you tell a person, oh, you can't have it or you have to pay for it, then the more they're going to try to find a free way to get it.
I also kind of, I don't know why, but I think about, like, you know, when the music industry shut down Napster or, you know, Metallica sued them or whatever.
And then it's just, like, just much worse things popped up, like LimeWire and all this other stuff, right?
And then Torrance and all this.
And now, after all these years, finally, the music industry is finally putting out these solutions like Spotify and Apple Music and stuff that, you know, gives people kind of what they wanted all along, which was to be instantly hear whatever song it was they wanted to hear.
So, I don't know. I don't know why, but I think about that.
Well, there's that, too. Or is that, too? That's another example of it, for sure.
All right. Anyhow, let's move around the world and check out release dates and see what's coming to a gaming console near you around the world, starting in the US with Loki.
All right. So, this week, actually, still quite a bit of stuff. Samurai Warriors 4-2, that's coming out on PlayStation 4.
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Persona 4 Dancing All Night, they have that on the Vita.
There's a Vita game I really want to get, just so we're clear.
And then, NBA Live 16 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Farming Simulator 16 coming to the Vita, as well.
And then, NBA 2K16 coming out on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PC.
What else have we got there? Well, that's it.
All right. Let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases over there.
On the 1st of October on the PlayStation 4, can't believe we're already talking October, but it is this Thursday.
Arslan Senkei Cross Musou comes out in regular and Treasure Box Edition.
Also, there's some brand new fighting game pad coming out in blue and red.
Mad Max gets its Japanese release on the October 1st, as does Tearaway PlayStation 4.
And World Soccer Winning 11 2016 is out in Japan this week.
And lastly, Yorunaya Kuni comes out in regular and Premium Box Editions.
That's all on the PlayStation 4.
Nothing of note on the Wii U, but going over and taking a look at the handhelds on the PlayStation Vita,
we have Bullet Girls, Earth Defense Force 3 Portable, getting price reductions on those two.
And as far as new games go, Yorunaya Kuni comes out on the Vita, as well.
And that's happening a lot in Japan that's not happening here.
You have a game coming out on the PlayStation 4 and the Vita. That just isn't happening here.
But also, Tokyo Ghoul Jail comes out from Bandai Namco.
I guess the ghosts go to jail. I don't know what that is.
Those are ghostly people, however, in that game. That's not like Pac-Man looking ghosts.
Those are dead people.
Go to ghost jail.
Yeah, go directly to ghost jail.
Nintendo 3DS. Only one game on the 3DS this week, believe it or not.
It is a P-Cross game. It's Ritai P-Cross 2 comes out in Japan this week from Nintendo.
So there it is. How about the UK, DarkSakura?
There's some stuff. A few things.
We have on the 29th LEGO Dimensions for everything,
NBA 2K16 for the five people who care,
and Sword Coast Legends and Storm Coast Legends.
I don't know what the... It might be a typo.
Yeah. Sword Coast Legends for Mac and PC.
Coming out on October 1st is Lost Horizon 2.
That's on PC.
And on October 2nd is Samurai Warriors 4-2 for PS4.
Alright.
That's it.
Just a couple more stories for you guys,
and then we'll go back to DarkSakura with the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of exciting and totally timed based on my phone purchase, of course.
But they finally announced that the Gear VR is going to be shipping out the consumer version,
not the early adopter version that they had before for $200,
but the actual Gear VR headset will be coming out in November for $99.
And it's going to be working with the Samsung Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge Plus, and the Note 5.
And it's supposed to be lighter, and they also redesigned the touchpad, apparently.
But I will have to pick it up.
I was actually thinking of getting one of the $200 ones,
and then once they announced it, I'm like,
oh, cool, I'll just wait a little longer.
Do we know what the killer app is for these things yet?
I mean, like, because I talked a little bit about this on Bobby's show tonight,
so I won't go in depth here, but at TwitchCon, I got to use the Gear VR for the Twitch app.
And I was a little bit like, okay, it's neat.
Like, it's a neat thing to see in a 3D experience.
Like, ooh, I'm looking around, and there's people near me.
But essentially, I'm watching a 2D game in a 3D environment.
If I want to watch Twitch on my mobile phone, I'll just fire up the Twitch app.
I don't know if there's any killer apps yet.
I mean, they're going to have a lot of stuff when Oculus launches, but I don't know.
I just kind of want to mess with it, and also because it's something I could develop for if I wanted to,
so it would be nice to have that.
All right. Just curious.
I mean, I think right now, it's just, it's early.
We don't have a killer app for it yet, but it doesn't mean that there's not going to be one.
Pornography, it would be the killer app for it.
Oh, of course, Pornography.
I'm so stupid.
Did you want to mention this HTC Steam thing too?
Yeah. And then, of course, with the Vive now, they're actually starting to have some of the games show up in Steam,
so that's kind of cool.
You can check out different games that support Steam VR.
Of course, you know, like Team Fortress 2 is one that does support that,
but they kind of have a different way to sort through games that support the VR headsets.
All right. Well, this might be an interesting app for the Gear VR.
I'm not sure it's the killer app, but it's definitely one of those I would want to try this one time.
It's called Oculus Arcade, and it will be bringing classic games from Sega, Midway, and Bandai Namco,
which will all be playable on Gear VR, and that was all announced during the Oculus Connect 2.
So, yeah, with the Gear VR coming out, this Oculus Arcade will be something that's available.
You know, just kind of looking at the screenshots, though, I personally sort of see that same problem,
where it's just, okay, it's just the 2D game in the 3D environment.
I'm not sure how much this is useful beyond the oh-neat moment.
This is just the first set of games or applications for a device.
Just like fucking, it's the gimmick stage, I guess.
No, I get it. I get it.
You know, it's like, they don't know what the fuck to do with it,
so they're just trying to throw whatever they can at it until they finally get to some good uses of it.
It's the same with the DS and stuff, where it was just Game Boy Advance games with, like,
you tap something on the screen that you would normally just have a key button for or something,
or motion controls, and they just don't know what to do with it yet, but soon.
Well, and there's some other VR experiences I've seen that are really cool,
and I have a weird feeling, especially with Gear VR, that it's going to really be that social element,
because some of the neatest stuff I've seen on Gear VR was when Bobby was showing me,
when we were at PAX, he's like, check out this Cirque du Soleil thing and this Paul McCartney concert,
and there's going to come a time where, you know, like Instagram, or to what people are sharing their own stuff.
Here's the other thing with Gear VR, too. It has that passthrough camera, remember?
True.
So, augmented reality stuff.
True.
So imagine playing, you know, your little game that you run around at parks and stand there for some reason.
Ingress!
Ingress, yes. Thank you.
Imagine playing Ingress and, like, you know, having, being able to see,
oh, hey, there's like a whatever you call it, a portal or something over there.
You're learning. I'm so proud.
Yeah.
It is a portal.
Okay, so yeah, imagine, like, you know what, now that I have this phone, I wonder if I can actually do that stuff now.
You know what, though? I mean, we laugh about, or you laugh about that, even though I'm like,
well, that sounds really cool, actually.
But, you know, keep in mind, Ingress is leading us to Pokemon Go.
Yes.
Which is going to be a big fucking deal.
Pokemon Go.
I don't know if you people realize, this game is going to be a big fucking deal.
And if Pokemon were in that AR environment, there's your killer app.
That was the answer I was looking for to the question, what's the killer Gear VR app?
I believe it will be an eventual release of Pokemon Go.
There we go. There's the killer app.
I don't think Pokemon's that big a deal anymore.
Oh, you fool.
It's not, I mean, the games are still popular, but it's not like a cultural phenomenon or anything.
Here's the thing.
People who buy Pokemon games buy Pokemon games.
All the, like, little Pokemon side story bullshit since, like, maybe Pokemon Snap, no one cares.
I can't tell you how many 20-somethings I know that are still all about Pokemon.
And here's the thing.
Well, they're about Pokemon. They're about Pokemon Silver or Diamond or Gold or Platinum or Amethyst or whatever they have.
They're not about, ooh, I got Hey You Pikachu because I can interact with a Pokemon in a real environment with my voice.
No, no, you can't.
I will go that far with you.
The side stuff maybe isn't as exciting.
Never has been.
But there's a ton of people that I know that are like, wait a minute, though.
Like, I'm gonna actually in the real world with my phone have Pokeballs and get to catch Pokemon.
Like, if there's any side story that seems to be making it work, I think it's this.
We'll see.
Nintendo releases amiibos for every single Pokemon.
Better catch them all.
Exactly. That's where I see it coming.
That is what's gonna happen.
That's 2016 right there.
I want to see the game where catch the Pokemon before they catch you.
When I first saw Skylanders, I was like, how did Nintendo not make this for Pokemon?
I found out later that the Skylanders people went to Nintendo and said, huh?
Huh?
And Nintendo was like, nah.
Then they went to Activision.
Activision was like, well, fuck yeah, we'll do that.
Brad from Pod Culture says Pokemon Snap was kind of cool.
Pokemon Snap was awesome.
That was it.
It was also 3D and it was kind of like you were doing your, I don't know, anyway.
And Kaijuto says, I like that Pokemon puzzle game.
That was just Tetris Attack with a new skin.
I mean, really.
It was a game called Tetris Attack that nobody had heard of, maybe outside Japan.
And then they slapped Pokemon on it and oh, it's the best puzzle game ever.
Tetris Attack was here.
Was it?
Uh huh.
Shows you how much.
But it wasn't a success until it became Pokemon Puzzle League.
And even then it wasn't really a success because puzzle games haven't sold hajillions of copies since maybe Tetris.
I bought a Nintendo 64 for Pokemon Puzzle League.
That isn't even a joke.
There you go.
I bought it for Killer Instinct Gold so you came out ahead of me.
Oh, you poor thing.
He recorded all of Orchid's music for me because I asked him to.
Aww.
Man, that was hard as shit, too.
Because that was before, you know, there was like any sort of capture.
I'm just like, click.
Ah, damn it, I missed it.
Holding the tape recorder up to the television speaker.
Well, I had my gaming rig hooked through my computer at that point.
So I was able to do like a reel, like an MP3 or whatever we were doing back then recording.
It was probably a WAV file.
But since there was no sound test in that game, I had to catch it in the stage like right as it began and right as it went through a few cycles.
Of course, then later on I found out there was a CD of that so I was like, God damn it.
Alright.
Well, you guys, it's time for us to take a trip down memory lane.
Every week here, DarkSakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, hey you, Pikachu, you suck.
You should check out this game instead.
Hey you, listen, Pikachu.
You don't need a fucking headset to enjoy a good video game.
Who do you think you are, Pikachu?
Play this game and then go read a book.
Alright, here it is, the classic game of the week, DarkSakura.
What did you pick for the kids tonight?
Well, Dan picked it.
Always.
Not always, you can shut up.
I pick a good three quarters of the time.
You pick maybe a third.
That's fair, I'll take a third.
Alright, Dan, what did Jamie, what did Dan, I'm so confused.
The collective, what was picked for the classic game of the week this week?
It's Axlei, or as Dan says it, Axlei.
That's how it's spelled.
I kind of say Axlei too, I just...
Yeah! Oh, Captain Correction got told!
Suck it!
I didn't say I was right.
I cranked Rob on...
Shut up, Rob!
That's versus her.
You can't believe Rob because Rob was always mispronouncing Faxanadu.
Hey, that's how I say it.
Alright, can we talk about Axlei?
Well, Japanese version is Aksurei, so whatever.
Anyway, the game came out in 1992.
It was published by Konami for the Super Nintendo.
It was actually September 11th, 1992 in Japan, and a little bit later that month in the US and then Europe.
It was re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in Australia and North America in 2007, and in Japan in 2008.
It's basically in the same vein as Life Force from Gradius.
It is a scrolling shooter game, but the thing it has more in common with Salamander is that it switches between side scrolling and
vertical.
So, pretty different.
It also, one of the notable things about it, it was programmed by Ueda Hideo, who went on to help...
Sorry, my apologies.
One of the credited managers or support programmers was Shida Kazuhiko, who went on to help form Treasure.
Treasure!
Treasure!
Treasure!
Anyway, we love Treasure here.
Anyway, like I said, it does go switching between horizontal and vertical scrolling.
You also, instead of collecting power-ups, you go around and collect weapons.
So, you basically can earn the weapons as you keep advancing through the game.
There are three weapon types.
You can get a standard, a special, and a bomb, and then you can freely switch between weapons during each level.
At the end of each level, you get to choose a new type of weapon to be added to your armory, and you can go in from there.
The game also used a bunch of Mode 7 and parallax scrolling effects, so it was definitely a SNES baby.
You look like you want to add something.
It's really one of those special Konami Super Nintendo games.
Probably the least known of the special Konami Super Nintendo games,
but if you loved Contra 3, if you loved Super Castlevania IV, if you loved Turtles in Time, and you like shooters at all,
it's definitely a must-find, whether on a virtual console or if you want to spend the bucks and hunt down a SNES cartridge.
Really a super fun game.
And it has a cliffhanger ending.
One of the things that's also cool about it is that it actually, instead of having the one-hit kill, like a lot of space shooters do,
it will actually just reduce the weapon strength to being less strong,
and then your second hit is going to, while your weapon is reduced, then it will destroy your ship.
So I think if you get another weapon power-up after you've been reduced, you can keep going.
But yeah, it is pretty, pretty cool. I've played it twice.
At any rate though, it was originally intended to be an exclusive for Japan,
but then they got it after a lot of people wrote and said,
We need this in the U.S.
Music was composed by Kuro Taro, who is only credited as Taro,
and some of the music has made it into some of the later released Konami music CDs,
including the Perfect Selection Konami Shooting Battle 2 disc.
It was given a 3.75 out of 5 by Nintendo Power,
and Super Play gave it an 85%, IGN and GameSpot gave the Virtual Console version a 7.5 out of 10,
and it was voted number 91 on EGM's best 100 games.
So, actually the fighter from Axolay made an appearance in Air Force Delta Strike as an unlockable aircraft.
That's pretty much the legacy it's given us, other than being unique.
That scroll, that's what I like most about it.
I only played this game a couple of times myself, but very cool.
I feel more edumacated tonight.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Axolay.
Axolay, however you say it, there it is.
Axolay.
Your classic game of the week, and of course I noticed on the high score board, the high score, 57,300.
Of course, 573 on the high score board there.
Awesome.
We're going to take a quick break, but don't go anywhere, guys.
There is plenty more show to come, including the Fugu Question of the Week, your calls, emails,
we're going to talk about indie movies, Mighty No. 9, and so much more
when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode 615 of our show for this September the 27th of 2015, the second half of our program.
It's myself, DarkSakura, and Loki, all three of us here tonight, and we even have a bonus Dan with us here tonight.
We're having a lot of fun here in studio.
And you guys, along with us in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
In fact, ImmortalKing just asked a question while we were on break saying,
DarkSakura, I just completed Metal Gear Solid 2, Sons of Liberty.
I'm wondering if you've done a classic game of the week featuring Metal Gear Solid.
Yeah, I linked the thing. It was episode 369, we did Metal Gear Solid.
Yeah, and when she says the thing, I just want, this is a good plug for our wiki, which we didn't even really do.
This was something like Dark Tetsuya and I think Orangewrite and other listeners.
I apologize, I don't know who all is working on that, but there actually is a little Orange Lounge Radio wiki
and you can go to Orangewrite.wiki.com and there actually is some of the inside jokes are there.
I mean, it goes way back to the things that we haven't even talked about on the show in forever.
I rely on this to remember what game we've done from week to week.
Oh yeah, me too. I do a control F and find every week, like if you're not here.
That's because I wanted to do, one of the weeks you were gone, I was going to do Super Mario Brothers
because it was his 30th anniversary and I was like, oh, yeah, she already did it.
And I only knew that because of the wiki. So I was like, okay.
So the wiki's become one of those things where like it was made to help people keep track of the show,
but now even the hosts have to use it to keep track of the show.
Well, there's a lot of games on there. I mean, I'm actually seeing someone here that I really don't remember doing,
but now that I think about it, I would have. You know, like Silphia was the week, was two weeks later than that.
Magician Lord. I mean, I'm just looking through the page here. I've done a bunch of stuff.
I know the first one I did was, um, was it the Guardian Legend? It was Fantasy Zone.
Yeah. Which not every episode of OLR had this segment. We actually brought it in on episode 250, I think,
for that landmark episode because we transitioned. You used to do the website of the week and you ran out of websites that were notable.
Yeah. Although my favorite thing from that was getting a message back from one of the people that runs Weebl and Bob
because Weebl and Bob was one of the websites I did.
That's right. You never know who listens to OLR. That actually leads me to my next point,
because I want to mention on next week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio that the T's are not crossed and the I's dotted on this yet.
I'm waiting to hear back from the guests, but I was a little slow this week because of TwitchCon.
But next week on the show, Loki and Dark Soccer actually don't even know this. They're going to hear this for the first time.
Next week on the show, Jackbox Games is scheduled to be back with us.
They're going to be here next week. Steve-O is who we're talking to over there as long as the timing works out,
is actually going to come on the show and talk about Jackbox Party Pack 2,
which they've been slowly revealing the games that are going to be in that.
They just unveiled another one this week that doesn't...
Like for those people that are kind of like, okay, well, like, you know, all the games are kind of...
I mean, it's a cool little twist, but it's all like, you know, ask a question, everybody votes on the answer type of thing.
No, no, this other game they announced, this Bomb Squad, I think it was called, it looks totally different.
Like, it's got like retro 8-bit graphics and, like, it looks just completely different.
So that's kind of neat that they're going in some different directions with Party Pack 2.
So we're going to ask them about that next week. And here's the kicker.
One of the guys that works there reached out to us on Twitter because he listens to the show, apparently.
I had no idea. So it's like, wow, you never know who is listening.
And I'm always really humbled by that. The fact that people who create the games that we talk about on this show are actually listening.
I'm like, God, I'm going to feel horrible every time I say something potentially negative.
But I try to come... I try to come from a place of feedback and not outright negativity.
I like to be... offer criticism without attacking, you know, constructive criticism.
Yeah.
Bomb Squad's in a television game, yo.
I'm sorry. I didn't have their website in front of me right now.
And see, now that I know they're listening, I better get it right, huh?
But let me read some comments from chat here while I research the correct name.
Bobby Black Wolf says, Dark Sakura found the end of the Internet.
And that's why that segment had to come to an end because you found the end of the Internet.
Well, that and I would just keep... because I really just have a handful of sites that I really love.
Like, I mean, if I were going to point to, you know, the webcomics I follow, I don't follow Mega Tokyo anymore.
But I'm totally still in love with Nedroid and, you know, stuff like that.
And SSG100Matt says, Jackbox Games was a good guest last time. Yes, they were.
Now, we're going to have a different person coming on the show, so that way it's a little bit different.
But that'll be... that's still going to be a lot of fun. We love these games.
And actually, I'm looking at their blog. Here's the right name of the game.
Bomb Corps is the name of the game. And that's C-O-R-P, like Corp. But I always say Corps instead of Corp.
Wasn't that a Nintendo 64 game?
What?
No, it was Blast Corps.
Blast Corps was the Nintendo 64 game.
And actually, now that I'm looking on their blog, they actually just announced another game.
And I'm seeing this for the first time. They announced a game called Earwax, which is another game.
Oh, because it was announced at TwitchCon. Well, there you go. That's why I'm just now hearing this.
Let's see. From their blog, you know how we love sound effects, fart sounds especially, but really all sound effects.
We decided to make a game about sound effects.
In Earwax, players must try to create an oral experience, that's A-U-R-A-L, you sickos,
to capture a phrase like the craziest football halftime show ever by choosing two sound effects from a list.
Is it a car alarm in a donkey? A fart in a second fart?
I like it already.
Oh, you guys. Oh, you crazy kids. We're gonna talk to Jackbox Games about fart sounds next week. I'm really excited. Hooray.
Alright, let's move on. We got some rapid fire news to get to. Loki?
I kinda wanna just hear more about the fart sounds game.
Next week, Loki. Be here next week.
Fine. So, Rock Band 4 is gonna be, I mean, hell, it's not even out yet. Soon. Soon, though.
It's gonna be getting some free updates with the game.
They're gonna be adding some new features, including a variable breakneck speed,
and apparently that allows players to control note scrolling speeds for each track independently.
And with that, they're also gonna be adding a new mode that changes gameplay in a really significant way.
Well, that's really broad, or very vague of you.
But that'll be coming out in two weeks, so October 6th.
And I guess the update's gonna be coming in December, so look forward to that.
Along with that, Rock Band 4 is gonna be having some exclusive tracks if you pre-order on the Xbox One.
So with that, you're gonna get All That Remains, What If I Was Nothing,
Babymetal with Gimme Chocolate, Earth, Wind, and Fire with September,
Interpol with All the Rage Back Home, Jefferson Starship with Jane,
Linkin Park with Rebellion, Marilyn Manson, the, uh, I have no idea what that is.
Anyways, Mastodon, High Road, My Morning Jacket, One Big Holiday,
and this is my favorite on the list right here, Weird Al Yankovic with My Own Eyes.
So, they need more Weird Al Yankovic in Rock Band, I think.
You can never have too much Weird Al Yankovic.
No, God no. All of the songs, please.
Um, along with that now, of course, they're gonna be creating some Oculus Ready PCs,
and those are gonna be available to purchase, and they're gonna be under $1,000.
Of course, I think when they originally were talking about the Oculus Rift
and about how much it would cost to have, like, a PC that's capable of running it,
they were kind of in that price range anyways,
but they were saying that it's supposed to be, you know, less than $1,500 for a system like that,
including the Rift.
These systems are gonna start at under $1,000,
which pricing out my own system, actually, because I want to build a new PC for the Oculus,
and just because I would like a new desktop PC that can, you know, run modern PC games,
because my laptop is not cutting it, it's about $100,000, so that works.
One of the launch games for the Rift has been announced.
Adrift has been hand-selected as a launch title.
It's gonna be coming out in 2016.
If you're not familiar with it, kind of think of Gravity.
It's just kind of floating in space, you know,
Adrift in your space station is kind of all busted up and, I don't know,
kind of living like the movie Gravity.
And that's also gonna be coming out on console platforms as well, so that'll be kind of cool.
Cool.
And then this is kind of exciting and also kind of has my head,
has me scratching my head a little bit, because you remember,
we've always wanted them to make another F-Zero game.
I know Rob wants the new F-Zero game on the Nintendo console,
and it's just not fucking happening, okay?
Nintendo, for whatever reason, just like...
They hate me.
They hate Rob.
It's a personal vendor that they have against me.
It is absolutely personal.
I admit, I once punched Resy Fils-Aime in the face.
I was really angry about the lack of F-Zero,
and then he's like,
Fooker, you're never gonna get it now.
I'm taking my F-Zero and going home.
That didn't happen.
Now there's this game, Fast Racing Neo,
which basically looks like F-Zero,
and now it's gonna be even closer to F-Zero because it has the same voice actor
that was the announcer from F-Zero GX doing the voice acting
and the announcing in the game.
So...
Big deal.
You've got boost power!
So it's gonna be coming out now towards the end of this year,
and it looks straight up like F-Zero.
I will probably have to pick it up when it comes out.
You know, you'll never beat F-Zero GX,
because number one, it was F-Zero,
and number two, it was made by Sega.
That was the whole Triforce thing, right?
Sega knows they're fucking arcade racing games.
Sega made the shit out of that game.
And it is the quintessential F-Zero game,
because it's faster than hell and it's harder than nails.
Can we get F-Zero GX on the Wii U?
Yeah, just put F-Zero GX on the Wii U. Just do it.
Like a remaster would be even fun.
Would be even better.
Be the best.
Like, why not?
It looks as good as anything out there these days.
It plays better than anything out there these days.
I mean, there's nothing bad about it.
And nobody beat it.
It can't be like, well, I played it out, I'm finished.
Fuck that.
The nice thing you could do too is,
there's a lot of content in F-Zero GX that's locked,
that you can't get out without hacking,
like all the AX contents in there.
Just unlock it all.
Just release this F-Zero AX.
Everyone will be into it.
I'll pay 20 bucks.
I have some stories for you guys too,
including Mario Maker,
which is definitely a must-play game on the Wii U.
We all know DLC is coming,
and it's just a matter of what's going to be in it.
Well, apparently, some data miners have found
that the Angry Sun is in the game's files,
but right now you can't place the Angry Sun in the level.
Remember the sun that would chase you?
Yeah, I remember that.
So that would be kind of interesting to see that show up.
Or even the Egyptian-themed levels would be kind of cool.
Yeah, and maybe that's going to be part of it,
is that you can use the Angry Sun,
and then you can have those levels.
I bet you, with the Angry Sun and the Egyptian-themed levels,
that they'll do also the Game Boy-themed Mario Land.
Ooh, maybe, maybe.
Because those games are kind of all based on the Egyptian stuff,
so it makes sense.
Maybe, maybe.
Also found bullet bills that don't have a launcher,
and Goomba's shoe.
So those are all, they're out on YouTube.
You can find that stuff. That's pretty cool.
Let's see, also, some new teases from Blizzard
for some new skins coming to Heroes of the Storm.
Let's see, the new heroes, Lieutenant Morales and Ardenis,
have been teased previously at Gamescom.
And now, if you actually look at one of Lieutenant Morales' skins,
she fucking looks like Samus.
Exactly like Samus, except carrying a giant shield
and the gun is much bigger.
But there is a clear homage here to this particular skin there.
So just saying.
Anyhow, so yeah, some of you guys that are really indie heroes of the storm,
I'm sure will be checking out those characters and their new skins.
Lastly, Hitman has been delayed.
The new day, March 2016, just because of the size and scope and all that.
Showing the club.
Didn't this come up on a previous week that they delayed one version of it,
and now it's all just being delayed?
Yeah, it was the PC version, I think, was getting delayed.
Or, yeah.
Well, it's all PC, PS4, Xbox One.
It's past December 8th, now into March 2016.
But you know what?
As long as it makes the game great, that's what's important.
DarkSakura?
Well, for those who like raving...
Let's switch to rave time, whoa!
I want to rave right now.
Darude confirmed the existence of a custom sound pack for Counter-Strike GO.
This needs to be on every single esports broadcast of the game.
Anyway, it's to promote his album, Moment.
His new album?
Yeah.
Ooh, had to check that.
It's Sandstorm.
Well, they don't have it said it's Sandstorm, but we're all hoping it's Sandstorm,
because Sandstorm is always in those videos.
I'm not saying it's Sandstorm, but it's Sandstorm.
But it probably will be Sandstorm.
Also, Assassin's Creed Syndicate has the series' first transgender character.
One of the new quest givers, Ned Winer, will be a trans man, so yay!
Inclusive.
Dragon Age did it first.
Well, not first, but best.
I was like, I don't think they did it first.
But, yeah, no.
Variety is the spice of life.
We love poison.
We love poison.
Anyway, also, Tron 3 is not totally dead.
They just haven't really said what it's gonna be.
Basically, comicbook.com interviewed Garrett Hedlund,
who said that he told it hasn't been totally dead ever since they did Legacy.
They were supposed to have another story, but they were looking for the right story.
So, nothing really there now.
So, that's it.
Alright.
We're gonna get to the FUGO question of the week,
but it's important I point this out,
because this is just something that was pointed out to me in chat.
It was actually tweeted earlier this week, but I didn't see it at first.
But did you know, I had no idea about this,
there was a new game shown at Tokyo Game Show called R,
and I think it has a subtitle to it,
but it's The Racing Musume Simulator.
And so, it's another racing sim in Japan,
but with very cute ladies.
Cute girls.
Pretty girls who actually dress up like the cars.
They look like Transformer people,
but they're very pretty ladies who basically, instead of wearing a bra,
they have the front of a car on.
That is pretty cool.
That is pretty cool.
Oh, this one's wearing a bus. Good for her.
A bus on her bus, you say.
A bus on her bus. Exactly. Yes.
To bring us back.
Well, here's the thing. Guess what?
So, in one of these screens here that's showing this gigantic truck that's driving by,
I guess this is like the dealer truck or something.
Look at what's mentioned on the side of the truck.
OLR.
It's an OLR truck in this game.
So, OLR apparently has cameo in this game.
Love it.
Dark Sakura's excited.
In my brain, I'm hearing sad trombones.
Oh, stop.
I fully support the bus bus.
This is the ultimate compliment.
I swear to God, the fact that we actually have a cameo in a game on PlayStation 3,
people ask me, what's your proudest OLR moment?
I'm like, that?
That actually is, but is that really us?
Yes. I'm told yes.
Oh, my God.
Okay, well then I take back the womp womp because that's actually cool.
So, does it just say OLR or does it actually have like a picture?
It does say OLR right there on the side of the truck.
So, we officially attended Tokyo Game Show apparently.
That's nice.
So, I'm showing Dark Sakura the picture here as well.
So, it's very subtle.
I, like seriously, it had to do a laser pointer for me to find it.
Love it.
Alright.
Okay, that makes me happy now.
Alright.
I take back the satrimone.
I now have happy tuba.
I love happy tuba almost as much as I had.
Now, I need tuba music for this.
Oh, my God.
Wait, hold on.
I got to, we're going to replace the Fugu Question of the Week music tonight here.
Buy me time.
Womp womp womp womp womp womp womp womp.
Nah, I don't know.
I suppose I could think of other things to pass the time with,
but I don't know.
Dan won't say anything.
Okay.
Dan's my time pastor and he's playing with his iPad.
Alright, let's get to the classic game of the week,
and this is the closest thing that we can find.
We're not doing the classic game of the week.
I'm sorry.
The Fugu Question of the Week, let's do it again.
Today's classic game is Blip.
Alright, here it is.
We're going to do this.
Apparently, I Googled happy tuba music,
and I got a tuba cover of Happy by Pharrell Williams.
That work?
Wait, oh, is tuba the artist?
Wait, that doesn't work.
That doesn't work.
No, no, no, that does not work.
Look for tuba polka.
They don't want tuba polka?
Look for polka music with tubas.
Look for tuba dubstep.
Tuba dubstep?
I don't think it's a thing, but it probably is a thing.
Here we go.
The Canadian brass tuba polka.
Let's see if this work.
This works.
That's our new Fugu music.
There it is.
It's time for the Fugu Question of the Week.
Tonight, we're going to ask our listeners
about the PlayStation Vito.
Comments were made by Yoshida of Sony
that the PlayStation Vito is probably done
because of the explosion of mobile content.
What do you think of this news?
Were you hoping for another Sony handheld system
or do you think Yoshida is right,
that there's probably not the demand there
for a dedicated gaming handheld?
Over on Google+, Martin D. replied and said,
There's been less and less difference
between mobile phones and dedicated devices.
Mobile phones have become so powerful
that there is less of a need for gaming handhelds
in terms of graphics.
I used to use my PSP back in the day,
also for lots of things like movies,
web browsing and so forth,
which all smartphones do now.
The only edge that handhelds have is the controls,
but that might not be enough to warrant the purchase.
Act Def says,
As a person who has and uses a Vita
on a somewhat regular basis,
I'm actually glad they're probably
not working on a new portable.
So little support for them and the ports aren't that great.
Granted, the Vita does have some really great games,
but not as much as the 3DS has.
Not to mention the cost of the portable itself
and the memory cards.
God damn are they expensive.
And the PlayStation TV is a piece of crap.
Those are some strong words.
You need to sit down and listen to some polka
to make you feel better.
We need like some like Oktoberfest-ish.
We do.
I'm gonna hunt around for some new polka music
for the classic end of the week.
Alright, uh, or if I can learn my fucking segments
on this show, how long have I been doing this?
How do I use this?
The classic question of the week.
There's no mouse on this segment.
I'm having problems.
Silent Tom over on Facebook says,
I believe the market is shifting as a whole,
but I personally need tactile controls
to really get a good game mobile.
Doesn't do it for me in that regard.
Kids want the Vita to live forever.
Critical Myth says,
as much as I love the Vita,
I can't blame them for seeing the writing on the wall.
Even though the types of games that work well
on phones, tablets, etc. are limited,
which could mean losing some gaming options
in the long run.
Fifth Dream says,
I may be witnessing the vocal minority,
but lots of responses to PlayStation blog posts
are people requesting no,
demanding more games and support for the Vita.
Maybe outside of this community,
there aren't many seeing the need
for a handheld portable,
but there definitely seems to be one place
on the market,
or a place for one on the market.
I know I still get a lot of use out of my Vita
and 3DS.
Uh, let's see.
Alan Alchemy says,
I disagree in so much that touch screens
still aren't as,
and never will be as tactile as a device
with intentional hardware elements
that are meant to be manipulated.
Buttons a d-pad.
We all know how awful the first wave
of handheld to mobile ports were
five years ago.
They're better now relative to how garbage
they were before,
and most companies have simply learned
which games do not port.
So he's basically saying companies
can make just as much money,
if not more,
offering less complex experiences
on hardware people already own.
He's not wrong,
and it's unrealistic to expect a company
to cut into their profit margins
for something with the potential
of a deeper experience,
wholly riding on hardcore cred.
It's just depressing.
Did our,
I think our, uh,
I think our song.
Turn our polka over.
Alright, let's do the tuba tiger rag,
which is the Canadian brass
at the Markham Theater.
Let's see this.
Oh no, this is actually alive.
I need something that's actually studio,
because then you get all that background noise.
Alright, fine, we'll do the tuba polka again.
Uh, Justin M. says,
I think it's probably a wise idea
Sony had never had mainstream success
in the handheld market,
and even Nintendo are struggling
in a market that they have always dominated.
Rettertainment says,
how many devices are out there
are dedicated to doing just one thing?
Outside of back massagers,
I can't think of any.
Guess what?
They can do more than massage your back.
I'm just saying.
Isn't this what we speculate the NX to be?
A combination gaming console, smartphone,
phone, media player,
video streamer, pizza oven?
Fucking hope it's a pizza oven.
That'll be amazing.
Well, you know the PlayStation 4
is a four-man grill,
so why the fuck not?
It's also heavy.
Bryce H. says,
I honestly hate playing games on my mobile phone.
It just isn't the same.
The controls are always awkward,
and I need to have tangible buttons.
Touch buttons suck.
I lose place in my fingers all the time.
Plus, the 3DS is still doing well,
so the demand for mobile consoles is still there.
Uh, Jordan T. gives us a slightly longer answer here.
I'm gonna cut it down just a little bit.
But I feel like the type of games
that suit themselves well to being mobile
are generally ones that you play in short sessions.
I don't see many people logging hours at a time on handhelds.
The Vita was a legit piece of hardware,
but I think that in many respects,
it was over-engineered.
Andy R. says,
I love my Vita and I play it a lot,
so the news saddens me.
I would have loved to see a Vita 2.
I do feel like the demand is there,
but it's probably just a bit too niche
for the type of hardware,
and thus profit margins,
Sony tends to work in.
There you go.
Frugal question of the week
set to some polka on tuba there.
I was trying to say, let's see,
S2100 Matt says,
the segment sounds so much more sophisticated now
like I'm listening to NPR.
Is that the secret?
Is that why NPR has the most popular podcasts?
Are they using tuba music?
Because I'll get, I'll fucking get...
Better broadcasting through weighty brass.
I'll go to college,
I'll go to local college
and get a tuba player to join us every week here on the show.
No, that won't be annoying or anything.
Every time Loki says something,
every time Loki says something about the Nintendo,
I just want you to blare a low note on the tuba.
You know,
I think, you know,
you've always asked at Orange Lounge Radio,
what are you gonna do?
You remember when the fuck show was legendary?
Like everybody asks,
what are you gonna do that show
where you're just gonna say fuck as many times
as you possibly can in a three hour episode?
And then it happened.
I don't know, there was, there was some episodes.
It was kinda lame.
Yeah, it was kinda lame actually,
but three years ago,
we finally did that fuck show.
And it was, you know,
it was what you wanted.
So whatever.
Now we need something new.
And I think the tuba show could be it.
Where we just,
or just randomly having an orchestra in studio
to play musical accompaniment with our show.
What do you guys think?
A musical version of Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh my God.
OLR the musical.
Huh?
Huh?
That sounds fucking terrible.
Yeah.
I tried.
Fine.
Then get to the next story, Loki.
All right.
So now that we're done with the tuba music,
let's talk about Konami.
And they insist,
Hey, we're still working on a console games.
To which I say,
I don't fucking care anymore.
Fuck you, Konami.
And the reason being it's like,
you already got,
you already shunned away all your talent.
I think really,
you know,
the only thing left for Konami
is just to go the route of Capcom and just say,
Hey, fuck it.
We're not going to make new games anymore.
Just going to re-release our old catalog.
I'm fine with that.
Re-release the old catalog,
do some nice collections for your games.
That's that.
I love Konami as much or more than the next guy.
And God, I'm tired of Konami.
They just suck now.
I mean,
just everything you hear about them
just makes your piss boil.
Anytime Konami speaks,
we need a tuba really.
I mean,
exactly.
I mean,
let's,
let's talk about,
you know,
the latest news was it in silent Hills
where they were saying,
no,
Hey,
guess what?
You know,
that game sounded bad-ass as it was,
but Junji Ito was also part of that as well.
The master of horror in Japan.
So that game would have been fucking amazing,
but nope.
Sorry.
Let's make a mobile games.
It'll be incredible on your iPad
without any of the stuff that we told you
it was going to have.
Enjoy this awesome demo.
Wow.
You liked that,
huh?
Now you can't have it.
Screw you users.
Konami.
Wah.
Darktitsy in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says, I agree with Loki.
I hope they bring back sunset riders.
Like was mentioned in their survey thing
from weeks ago.
Well,
keep on dreaming.
Cause that wouldn't suck.
I know.
I just,
I would fear that it would actually be
kind of awful.
It's not super Nintendo and,
and enjoy it.
Even the Genesis version is,
is pretty.
Okay.
That's right.
Just enjoy it the way it was.
Cause you know,
the later Castlevania games on the
PlayStation two were nearly as good as
the old ones.
Just saying the same.
All right.
Moving on.
Maybe you can recreate your old Konami
favorites and hopefully not get cease and
desisted in this application coming to
the Xbox one.
It's called Roblox.
And I'm not familiar with this,
but apparently it exists on the PC as
well.
It's geared a little bit more towards
younger players,
but in the game you can actually design
your own levels and games and then share
them with others.
I get the impression.
This is kind of like,
this is what ZZT was for us.
Loki,
I think,
you know,
like making your own games and ZZT and
sending it out.
That was,
that was fucking epic,
right?
I kind of think that's what this Roblox
thing is,
except now it's all,
you know,
graphical and shit.
Like it's,
you're not just limited to art.
You would see on a bulletin board system
anyway.
Well,
it says it's a user generated MMO,
which makes me think second life.
I think it's more than that though,
because this app,
which is coming to Xbox one on November
12th,
it will have a little bit of the gaming
library from the PC.
There's going to be 20 games.
And that way the new people that are
getting introduced through the Xbox
are going to see this.
You design the games on a PC,
but then you can actually play them on
an Xbox one and you'll be able to profit
by selling the games or selling the
items,
excuse me,
in the games.
So there's that whole.
Tell me how that's not second life again.
I guess that's true.
I guess you did do that in second life,
huh?
It sounds exactly like second life,
except for kids.
Well,
and then there'll be no flying dildos in
this game.
Oh,
you think there will definitely be
flying dildos.
There will definitely be flying dildos
in this game.
Well,
I'm looking at some of the screen caps.
I don't know.
It looks a little
derpy.
I don't know.
I guess it depends.
Well,
it depends what you do with it.
I get the sense it's probably Minecraft
inspired,
but it doesn't look like Minecraft
graphics.
It looks like a little more than that,
but I think it,
if it's geared towards a younger audience,
it probably shouldn't be too complicated.
So I kind of get that.
So we'll see.
I'll check it out.
If it's free,
why not?
I'll check it out.
One game I actually have been playing
this week,
and I haven't played it in a few days,
so I didn't talk about it during my game
of the week because I forgot,
but I started playing Neverwinter on
Xbox One because it was free,
and I played the MMO a little bit on PC
and I wanted to just try it on console,
and it's adequate for an MMO.
I don't know if I'd pay a lot of money
for it,
but I'm having fun.
So this sounds like it's just like
their,
what was that game that they put out?
I can't even remember what it was
because it was so terrible.
They had that game making suite
or whatever that was on Xbox One
that they just released back in October
of last year,
and it's on PC as well,
and then remember they had the
Conquer Bad Fur Day,
or Conquer DLC or something like that
that was part of it,
where you can basically craft your own
games and everything,
and share them with your friends and stuff,
and it was supposed to be this big epic thing.
Bobby says,
Project Spark.
Thank you.
That's what it was.
It just was more like Project Flop
because it just never took off,
and this just seems like the same damn thing,
but it has mobile support now too,
so maybe it'll take off a little bit more.
Maybe it secretly is Project Spark.
It's just a new release of it.
We'll see.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news,
Mighty No. 9 has a release date
that we hope sticks.
It's supposed to be February 9th, 2016
in the US, February 12th in Europe,
and says that this is applying
to the retail and digital release
for PS4, Xbox One, and Wii U.
PS Vita and 3DS versions will be released
on a later date.
I don't see anything about PC version.
Yeah.
I'm looking forward to checking it out.
It was at TwitchCon.
I just didn't wait to play it.
I just watched somebody else play it
because, you know, it's TwitchCon.
We watch other people play games.
I watched Drew play it.
It's kind of style.
Did you notice the style of it a little bit?
It would just pause for two frames
any time you got hit
or there was some type of big action.
It was kind of stylistic
because Jason and I were watching it,
and Jason, I think he really took issue with that.
He's like, but it keeps stopping,
and it's weird.
Even the Deep Silver guy overheard him
and was kind of trying to say,
well, you know, it's for this particular reason.
But Jason just wasn't having it.
He's like, I don't like it.
And I'm like, it's kind of style,
but I also get where it is.
It's almost too short to be stylistic.
It feels like your game is skipping.
You're having frame skip,
which, you know, at TwitchCon,
you don't want to have frame skip.
Well, I'm sure that they'll gather the feedback
and do what they need to.
It looked fun, though.
DungeonBuster points out the PC demo
did go out to the backers,
but I didn't notice any stuttering when I played it,
but it is rough around the edges.
That's what DungeonBuster says.
Live.FogNetwork.com.
All right.
Let's move on.
Just a few more stories for you guys
before the mailbag.
Participate at OrangeLaundry.com
if you want to send us an email.
Loki.
So there will be no...
I think Capcom's learning the lesson.
There's not going to be
on-disc downloadable content
for Street Fighter V.
You will have to download all of that.
I do like the new look for Ryu, though.
Ryu.
The beard.
That's pretty cool.
I haven't played it yet,
but the game looked pretty hot
from what I was seeing at TwitchCon.
I definitely want to try it out.
I don't think I want to pre-order
and get the beta,
but I'll probably buy the full game
when it comes out.
Put five bucks down on it on Amazon
and they'll email you the code.
Maybe.
I got it.
It's good.
It's Street Fighter.
Yeah?
Is the beta still going?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That game doesn't come out
until into next year,
so I imagine the beta's
going to be going for a while.
Oh, I figured maybe the beta
was only going for a week.
Sometimes the betas
are up for a little bit.
That's enough beta testing now.
For Street Fighter,
we can afford to beta test it
for 48 hours.
Plenty balanced.
They don't want you to burn out
on the game before it comes out.
Yeah, I don't think
they're worried about it.
All right.
I'm surprised that it's not
more up and down.
Well, it's down a lot
from what I've observed,
but it's fun.
I mean, it's only online.
It's only multiplayer,
so there's no single player.
There's no local
that I've been able to find,
so you're playing online.
That means you're just going
to eat your ass kicked a lot.
I see.
When you play it,
it feels like Street Fighter.
The graphics are good.
I kind of wish that they'd
gotten rid of a little bit
of that weird
Street Fighter IV flair,
like the thing that's
going on around it,
but it's Street Fighter.
I like all that.
Like the ink smears
and like the...
It's neat.
It's Street Fighter.
You'll like it.
That's going to be my review
of Street Fighter V.
Well, I really like the...
It's cool.
But I could have used
a lot less of the...
Wha-wha.
Then it had a bunch of...
Hadouken.
I think you should come
back next week,
and we should audition
for that Jackbox game
where you just make the noises.
They'll be pissed off
because I'll just be like,
no, that wasn't a television game.
No, that was on
No, that was on N64.
You know you can't put me
in the room with anybody else.
I can barely be in the room
with Jamie.
Which is why I don't normally
hang out in the same room as him.
SSJ 100 Matt.
Would I want to pretend to be
an old school gamer
or I come in the same room as you?
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says,
someone is going to sample
this episode and make
a remix out of it.
I hope so.
I think the remix should start
with Dan Coffey.
And that would be the name
of the song.
Alright, moving on.
I was just going to mention
also too with that.
Sorry, they also released
the PC specs for Street Fighter V.
So basically you're going to need
an Intel i3.
Also about 6 gigs of RAM
and an Nvidia GTX 480 or higher.
And then the recommended specs
of course are going to be
an i5, 8 gigs of RAM,
and a GTX 960.
So, there you go.
And then I guess they're going
to be announcing the dates
for the second beta soon
which are going to allow crossplay
between PlayStation 4 and PC.
So that's going to be pretty sweet.
Alright.
Well, Japan.
We've had movies here in the States
about our growing indie scene.
And the indie games and so forth.
But did you know that Japan
is going to be getting their own movie
about the indie scene in Japan as well?
And it is called Branching Paths.
It examines the independent
video scene in Japan.
And director Anne Ferrero,
I hope I said that right,
describing the movie says,
quote, for the last several years,
the Japanese game industry
has begun to recognize the power
of independent creators
and the momentum of the fledgling scene.
And in 2013, the Tokyo Game Show
created a pavilion to feature
indie creators for the first time in its history.
But is the Japanese game industry really changing?
What is the price of creative independence?
Why is there no funding or support
from the Japanese government?
These are just some of the questions
we examined to understand
not only this unique scene,
but its roots in culture.
The answers tell a story of a struggle
not only for creative expression,
but for survival as well.
So it'll be interesting to see.
I'm interested in that because
I don't even have any sort of clue
of the Japanese independent gaming scene.
So it would be kind of cool to check out that.
Because I don't know,
I'm familiar with the Western
kind of developers and stuff over here,
but I know they've got a lot of
cool games coming out over there.
So I'll check it out.
Well, yeah, I know.
I don't know.
It's interesting to see that that
is growing more and more in Japan.
And I honestly can't think off
the top of my head of any big things
like a Minecraft or...
Well, they have all the Toho games
and all those and stuff
that are developed in Japan.
So I know I'm familiar with that,
but like I said,
I have very little knowledge
of the independent gaming scene in Japan.
Or as far as independent developer scenes.
Well, luckily you have a movie
coming out to educate you soon.
I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah, sounds good.
All right, why don't we go ahead
and move on to the next story, Loki.
You can do that next story for us
real quick here before we go to the mailbag.
So, you know, let's talk a little bit
about the PlayStation TV.
And, you know, I've got one.
I got it for cheap, 30 bucks.
You know, I definitely recommend
picking one up.
They're selling them dirt cheap.
But along with that, though,
because you may remember the PlayStation TV
doesn't play all Vita games
because there are some that do require,
you know, touch controls and stuff
to be able to use them.
So there's a hack now that you can use.
Basically, it allows you,
you have to install the email app
onto your PlayStation TV,
and then you send a specific email
with a file attached to it, I guess,
to the device.
And with that, I guess,
there's some way to manipulate code
from the PlayStation TV that'll allow you
to overwrite the game's launcher file
and add titles that are not in Sony's whitelist
to be able to run those on those.
So they've got, like, a big list of instructions
you can check out on hackinformer.com.
They had some information about that.
So, interesting.
I'll have to try it out, actually,
and see what kind of games I can play on there
because I've got different ones
that are set up to, you know,
that are part of my PlayStation Plus library,
but they don't run on the PlayStation TV,
like Uncharted.
I keep forgetting you actually have a PlayStation TV.
I don't use it, though.
It sits on top of my PlayStation 3,
and it's just sitting there,
and sometimes I forget it's there
because it's so small.
Huh.
By the way, just some comments in chat
over at live.vognetwork.com.
NoName2 on this story says,
Sucks that it requires the games to be physical.
Yeah, that sucked, but,
I mean, that's one thing about Vita games, though,
is they're dirt cheap nowadays
because a lot of people are selling their systems back,
and so there's a lot more used games for the Vita
than there are for the Wii U, that's for sure.
All right.
AkumaJP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
NiGoro is one of the big indie games
that I'm not thinking of
when it comes to indie games in Japan.
I didn't think of that one.
Oh, I didn't know that was developed in Japan.
Well, now you do.
The more you know.
With a little star there.
All right, and we know more and more
from our listeners every week
as they share our opinions, or their opinions with us,
and hopefully they share our opinions,
but even when they don't,
we like to hear things from another perspective.
So it is the show where every gamer has a voice,
and we're gonna participate with our listeners
right now in the mailbag
where Dark Sakura's gonna dive in headfirst
into our mailbag.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com,
and pull out some emails she believes are worthy of reading.
Dark Sakura, would you care to take it away?
The first one's from Robert M.
Remember how several months ago I told you
I finally upgraded from Snow Leopard to Mavericks
on my old MacBook Pro?
What I didn't mention was my concern
about software I'd no longer be able to use,
which primarily consisted of my circa-2006,
maybe-04 PowerPC-based Photoshop CS.
While not entirely essential to gaming,
you, this means for me,
know how essential Photoshop is in general,
which, of course, which course of action would be best?
Subscribe to full support for the current Photoshop CS.
Go with Elements or a third-party image editor.
I have the full CS myself.
I've got the CC edition.
You can also go with GIMP.
There's paint.net.
There's all kinds of freebie ones,
and GIMP has a lot of the plugins that apply to Photoshop,
so if you want to go with free, you've got options.
Autodesk has a bunch of stuff through the App Store right now, so...
On a lighter, gamier note of the Mario platform games,
including Yoshi's Island,
which has been your favorite soundtrack,
I'd go with 64 Galaxy myself.
Those are the only two I'd have on CD.
Obviously, the original is absolutely iconic,
but relatively light on variety due to its limitations.
Any Giana Sisters or Shieldbond action
tributes on Mario Maker that I don't know?
As far as music, I'd go with Mario World
as being my favorite music-wise.
Guys?
That'd be awesome if they had the Giana Sisters
as a costume for Mario Maker, but that'll never happen.
Yeah, sadly, that kind of won't happen
because, you know, legal and stuff.
Sonic is in Mario Maker,
and who would've ever thought that would happen?
You know, though, you could probably pick
what's-her-name from WarioWare that's in there.
You could just pretend that's, you know...
Yeah, the great Giana Sister.
I don't know, does Ashley have a last name?
I don't know. Anyway.
Yeah, I would think they're probably gonna add more costumes,
and that'll be some of the DLC you'll see,
especially as more Amiibo come out in the coming weeks.
So...
So, shall I move on to the next one?
Um, sure, or did you need to step away for a minute
and I can take over?
I can do the next one.
Okay, go ahead.
Hello, peoples.
In the capacity of my job with U.S. Postal Service,
I see a lot of pieces of mail.
Most of these pieces of mail don't stand out to me,
but on Friday, September 18th,
I saw something that stood out to me.
It was a postcard sent out by the Screen Actors Guild
asking its members to vote on authorizing a strike
in the video game industry.
This postcard wasn't advocating on either side of the issue.
The postcard just asked the recipient to log into a website
with their credentials and vote on an issue.
I was spending it emailing the show,
telling them what I saw,
but I was waiting until I saw an article
that I linked to corroborating what I saw,
which we have covered.
After digging around on Friday and Saturday,
I wasn't able to find any recent article
about this kind of union strike within the video game industry.
This made me think that the postcard I saw was not legit.
Then I saw a post on Ars Technica on Wednesday
about what I've linked to below.
The article says both sides have agreed to a media blackout
while voting continues.
This explains why I haven't seen coverage
of this proposed Screen Actors Guild strike on the media.
This may be something to keep an eye on.
A stay black entertainment trainer.
Interesting.
Well, I mean, we had the talk earlier in the show
where this came up,
but I think because of Twitter,
things leak out, as tends to happen.
Do they tend to have like,
voter die campaigns for this type of thing as well?
Voter P. Diddy will strike you?
I don't know.
Yeah, that might be fine.
I don't know.
Anyhow, let's move on.
I thought I was just doing this one.
Oh, all right.
Don't worry about it.
Okay, then...
Let me get that one up.
Okay, hello, LR.
I would like to surprise you by telling you
that mentioning Sabado Gigante and Don Francisco
in your previous episode was in fact gaming related,
at least for me.
I was raised in Puerto Rico during the 80s,
and as you can imagine,
Sabado...
I'm gonna always mispronounce this.
Gigante was popular there,
so popular that I remember having to shut down my Nintendo
as soon as it started.
I hated the show because it interfered with my gaming time,
but what I hated the most was that my father
used to fall asleep after watching only 30 minutes or so
of watching it.
However, I don't think...
However, don't think for a second
that I could turn my Nintendo back on and continue playing.
Nope, my father would sometimes wake up randomly.
The moral of the story is that...
The story being that everything just might be gaming related.
Ha.
Sincerely, and this comes from...
I'll just say Javier.
Thank you for that.
Sorry, not Javier, Havish.
Sorry, I mispronounced the name.
Thank you very much for that,
and I'm glad that Sabado could be gaming related.
And you know, I think we mentioned last week,
they would play knockoff game shows on Sabado Gigante all the time,
so it definitely was gaming related.
That is for sure.
All right.
So anyway, I think I'm gonna pick up these last two emails here.
We have another email that came in this week from YYR,
and YYR had sent us a big email last week,
and he sent us a big one this week as well,
saying,
Hello, OLR. I proudly present my 100% official new email enhancement technology.
From the next sentence onward, for your amusement,
every 14th word has been replaced with scrunt.
You're welcome.
You missed that last week, Loki. Just saying.
Yes.
Just roll with it.
All right.
Just a few thoughts on last week's show.
After hearing about scrunt rumor of Konami abandoning AAA development,
there are musings about the possibility of scrunt,
or Microsoft, or someone else offering Konami money
to develop a new metal scrunt, Silent Hill, or what else.
Personally, I think this would be a bad scrunt.
Think about it.
While Konami still owns the IP,
the folks who develop scrunt games are most likely either gone
or working on pachinko machines, mobile games,
scrunt pro-evolution soccer.
So these hypothetical games would be developed by new people,
and their quality scrunt be questionable.
I think a better idea would be to simply hire the scrunt
formerly in charge of a Konami franchise,
and throw money at them to scrunt quiet plateau cardboard gear
or what have you.
The final products would probably scrunt similar
to what we're eventually getting with Bloodstained,
which hopefully will be the scrunt of many quality successors
to abandon Konami franchises.
At the end of the scrunt game of the week segment,
Rob lamented that the last time we scrunt outside of a 2D Mario game
was Galaxy 2.
I found this comment scrunt not because it ignores
the fantastic Super Mario 3D Land and 3D World,
scrunt because lots of people don't seem to consider
either game as part of scrunt's same series.
Is it because 3D Land is on a handheld rather than scrunt console?
Could it be because 3D World supports and encourages multiplayer?
There's no scrunt that these games exist,
and that they're not 2D,
but I don't think scrunt them in the same way
as previous 3D Mario games either.
Why do scrunt guys think that is?
My thought on that is because those games,
you're right, I did kind of forget them in the moment,
but they sit in this weird hybrid area between 2D and 3D,
like they're 2.5D in a way.
And I know it's 3D World and so far because obviously
the handheld version had that 3D effect,
but I think at its core, that game is still 2D Mario in a 3D space.
Especially 3D World, which had a lot of the catches of Super Mario Bros. 2.
But I get your point, I do.
I just think games like Sunshine and Super Mario 64 and Galaxy,
they existed in that true 3D space, if that makes sense.
YYR continues,
I will end by saying that when YY Scrunt was mentioned,
a game idea popped into my head almost instantly,
involving a scrunt playfield similar to that of Mappy,
but with a dude carrying his waifu scrunt style,
attacking enemies by twirling her around.
I have way too much on scrunt plate to actually make this game,
but just letting you know what goes scrunt in my head.
I hadn't actually considered crowdfunding before you suggested it on scrunt episode,
now I'm actually thinking about it.
Thanks for the suggestion and scrunt all of your other efforts as well.
Have a great week, scrunt YYR.
Thank you for that, YYR.
And I think you have officially killed that word.
Congratulations, you murdered a word, live on air.
That should be a name of a game, word murder.
Word murder?
There's a game, I like that.
Maybe it's a game about like making words out of other words or something, I don't know.
How would word murder work?
I don't know, using the same word over and over again, I don't know.
Probably just be more Typing of the Dead.
Maybe, maybe.
Which by the way, plug for the OLR word pack for Typing of the Dead on Steam,
just in case you hadn't seen that.
SSG100Matt says word murder from the makers of Frog Fractions.
Where's Frog Fractions 2?
Where in the world is Frog Fractions 2?
Where the fuck is Frog Fractions 2?
Anybody seen it?
Is it hanging out at Target? Where is it?
Marten is our last emailer tonight.
Hey guys, just a quick email to discuss what was touched on last week with a Fugu question about digital games.
I think Sony and Microsoft should adopt the Steam model if they want to convince people to go digital.
Meaning, discounts throughout the year and yearly sales with huge discounts.
This makes me buy digital games without ever second guessing it.
Those low prices just make me buy, buy, buy and everyone else judging by the amount of unplayed games in everyone's Steam libraries.
If Sony thinks the convenience of not having to leave your house can afford them to charge people full price all the time for digital games,
they are mistaken.
What do you guys think? What would make you buy games mostly digitally on consoles?
As always, thank you so much for doing the show and keep up the good work.
Well Marten, I know you just moved to the States from Belgium and I don't know how much they were doing it over there.
However, I will say, Sony and Microsoft to some extent now at this point too, they have been doing these deep discount sales actually.
In fact, it seems like every other weekend Sony's got something going on.
So check out their Twitter because they have themed sales a lot.
And to be honest, to get into your second question, what makes you buy games mostly digitally on consoles, you got it.
It's that same type of thing.
I picked up games on these deep discounts that was in Sony's sale that I probably wouldn't have picked up otherwise to be honest.
You know, the way the industry works right now, when you buy a physical copy of the game, you essentially have a little bit of equity in that game.
You can sell it back for a price later and of course the value of it depends on when you sell it back.
And you can also loan that game to a friend which is worth a lot right now.
You can't do that with digital games.
So I think in that regard, digital games carry less of a value because those are two things you can't do with a digital game.
So it really does come down to the price.
And when the price gets cheap enough, yeah, I do that thing with Steam and on the Sony sales and so forth.
And I know a lot of people don't think that's healthy, but I mean, I probably wouldn't have bought the game at all.
So isn't it better I buy at a low price than never at all?
Huh? I don't know. That's how I feel.
Anyway, thank you for the email. Any comments anyone else wants to add to that?
Nope.
Well, if not, then we are going to get to the FUs of the week.
Every week here on this program we rant because we can.
This is fucked up.
Misunderstanding, that's all.
Loki?
FUs are not sleeping very much last night and FUs are wanting Lego dimensions maybe next month when I get paid.
My FU of the week goes to my screwed up sleep schedule.
Oh my gosh. What is up with this all of a sudden I want to go to bed at 11 o'clock on a weekend?
Is it really the getting old thing?
Is it really that I just expect my computers to have mice these days?
I don't understand.
Wow, shortest FU week of the segment ever. Shortest segment for FUs of the week ever.
Classic game of the week?
Yeah, the classic game of the week. Shortest segment classic foogle of the FUs ever. Ever.
And you can email your own FU of the week to participate.
Actually I should encourage that because before I get a bunch but participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
One more story here for you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And get this, a new Sonic game has been found.
Here's the thing, it's actually a game from 1991.
It was a Japanese arcade game for children.
It was called Waku Waku Sonic Patrol Car.
And you know where they found it? A Spanish mall.
Yeah, they apparently found this game.
The folks at Sonic Retro reporting that the game is going to be in MAME emulation.
The team from Spanish website Sonic Paradise found and got the machine.
They're going to dump the data from the machine so everybody can play Waku Waku Sonic Patrol Car in MAME.
Which, you know, I realize MAME emulation and all that is some dicey territory.
But it seems like literally nobody cares about this game, even Sega.
So this little piece of missing history, I guess there's far worse crimes you could commit than playing it on MAME.
Just so you know though, it is a kids game. You don't ever really win or lose.
It's just, you know, it's a little something special.
You lose a little bit of your dignity.
A little bit, just a bit.
But you know what, it's probably better than some of the other crap that was available around that time frame.
That was the other thing I did this week and I completely forgot since we're talking about like arcade stuff.
Sure.
I went back to designing Dance Dance Revolution pads again.
But this time I'm doing something a little bit differently.
I had originally designed something that's going to be based off of the Beat Gear pad.
Which were like the most accurate DDR pads that were never really made type of thing.
They were based off of the arcade design and everything.
So now what I did is I redesigned mine instead of it being like the full thing.
I would cut it down in the quarters so I could 3D print it.
And so it's going to be a pad that has parts that are 3D printed out of it.
So that would be kind of cool.
Very cool.
But I want to move my arcade cabinet into the garage to play DDR again.
Hopefully it won't get too hot out there. Don't let that machine melt.
That's the winter.
That's true. It's coming up.
It won't melt.
Alright.
We're going to hope you guys melt our Skype line right now.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word.
If you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about on the show tonight.
Or perhaps something different.
Maybe a game you played this week that you wanted to talk with us about.
Or anything.
Now is the time to call.
1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Wow. We already have a call coming in.
You guys are fast.
Let's get to it.
Hi. You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Legend of Zaka here.
Hey. It's been a while since we've heard from you. What's up, buddy?
I just had the weekend off.
The girl had to work the entire weekend.
So I'm at home.
You chose to spend it with us.
I appreciate that.
What's up, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just trying to catch gaming here and there.
Most of today was just spent on actually kegging my home brew.
Which finally finished.
But first time that I didn't have to use bottles.
Just CO2 and kegs.
Oh, so now you're making alcohol in your own house.
I've been making alcohol for a little over almost five years now.
I just started up again after a two year hiatus.
Everything is explained, ladies and gentlemen.
Everything is explained.
Are you drunk now?
No.
Okay, good. Good boy.
Alright, what would you want to call in to talk about tonight?
I mean, to be honest, in terms of gaming...
I'm noticing that...
What was I going to say?
Ah, alright.
I mean, at this point, at this juncture since a lot of ports to last gen consoles are getting gimped.
Case in point, even though I'm not a fan of Call of Duty as much.
I know that latest version won't have campaign mode on any last gen console.
Yeah, Loki had mentioned the Black Ops 3 thing earlier in the show, right?
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah, at this point is it time to put these...
Is it really time to actually send these off into pasture?
I remember ten years ago, almost ten years ago when the 360 first came out.
And, you know, thinking then, you know, the first Xbox was pretty much a dead man walking at that point.
Same thing with the PS3 a little bit later, but that one still had more time on it.
I would say, honestly, yes and no.
There comes a time and a place where you just have to move on to the new technology.
Like, look at VHS.
Like, they put Frozen out on VHS and that showed up on my Tumblr feed.
Like, look, it's a VHS copy of Frozen.
That's probably the only video cassette to have come out in, like, the past ten years because they just don't make them anymore because everything's on DVD or Blu-ray.
And guess what? The same thing's gonna start happening to DVD in the next few years.
So this type of thing is inevitable with games.
And we saw it happen when we got the PlayStation 3 that they slowly started phasing the PS2 games out.
The third parties made them for a while, there was some shovelware, and then finally it died.
But let's not forget, you know, it doesn't mean these consoles are dead forever because
where these consoles tend to really thrive is that second-hand market.
And, you know, the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 has the library of hundreds of games that some gamers haven't discovered.
You know, I meet people very often that are like,
Yeah, I'm a gamer, but I'm kind of on a budget, so I'm still catching up with PlayStation 3 games.
And I'm like, that doesn't make you any less of a gamer.
Okay, maybe you can't talk about the most current and greatest stuff,
but that doesn't mean every PlayStation 3 game is suddenly bad because it's old.
Absolutely not. In fact, there's some movies out on VHS, and you know, to make that same analogy,
there's some movies on VHS and DVD that still haven't come out on Blu-ray yet.
And it's a damn shame because these movies are kind of lost. You know, if that makes sense?
Yeah, that definitely does. Like, I mean, right now, my girl went to Japan a few weeks ago.
She was in Japan a few weeks ago, so I managed to get like, I don't know if you can see this on the camera,
but she got me like stuff from, she got me like other, you know, some extra Japanese games and a 10,000 yen PS Plus card.
She got you a pair of pants. That's what I see on the table over there. A pair of pants.
That was my jeans, but if you look at the far end where I'm pointing at, you'll see a copy of Gundam Breaker and Initial D.
That, you know, because I guess in between doing flight simming and Grand Theft Auto on my PC and homebrewing,
there's been barely any time that I've spent trying to, you know, dust off my PS3 except for activating a 10,000 yen PSN card
that I blew on like two PSN annual subscriptions by accident because I have to find a way to get more,
I have to end up buying another card now to spend money on the Japanese store.
By the way, can I-
I guess that's the next front, essentially.
Can I just say that whole comment we were talking about the previous generation of games kind of resonated with some of our chatters.
Alex P. Carson just simply said, raise his hand. Immortal King says, I'm still on PlayStation 2 trying to catch up on good games.
And Brad from Pod Culture talking about the stuff that's not on Blu-ray, Brad says, like almost every damn classic musical.
That's a good point. There's a lot of older films that, you know, if there isn't a demand for it, they're probably never gonna come out on Blu-ray,
which is really sad. I hope that's- I hope we figure something out.
I mean, it happens. You know, if it comes out on one media, but it's not like something that's a household name, more like a cult classic, then yes.
Unless it's like, unless it has that type of a following, it's going to get left behind in the annals of a history, media history.
I mean, Showgirls came out on Blu-ray. Can't they put out some of those great classics from the 40s and 30s on Blu-ray as well?
But that also depends on the fact that- I use the same- I use the analogy that, you know, folks from Harmony Gold, you know, when they do their Robotech panels,
that the reason why you don't see Robotech on Blu-ray is because of the costs, you know, the costs associated with trying to upscale something on Blu-ray.
You know, the fact that there's- that the costs outweigh the potential and profits. So in other words, they're gonna- they're looking at a loss any way they decide.
And that's the economics of it. You want to get out something, you want to convert something to another media, but whether or not A, the market is still there,
and B, whether or not the cost will actually offset any profits to be made, then either your profit margins are going to be really thin, or you're going to be selling it at a loss.
Alright. Alright, well I'm going to let you go, my friend, so we can get some more calls. But happy gaming.
Yep. Happy gaming.
See you later.
1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Seattle in our chat saying, I don't buy consoles until they hit the bargain rack.
And Shadow Neck Chen says, that means you can buy the Genesis now, right?
Hey, no joke. You know, just like they have like the ColecoVision flashback and the Atari flashback, there's now a Genesis flashback. I think it just came out this year.
So, yes, you can pick that up on the bargain rack, in fact. So, alright, we're going to move on to our next call. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, everybody.
Hey, what's up?
Not much. It's Ronma. Figured you'd know by now.
I think we know your voice by now. What's up, buddy?
Not much. I just want to chime in on the voice actor strike thing that's going on.
Please.
As somebody who has actually worked for a union, I am pro-union to a certain extent.
I have a few friends that are in the voice acting industry and I do talk to them on a regular basis.
To be perfectly honest, I support them if they do decide to strike.
It's only fair if various voice actors and actresses work on various AA to AAA titles that pull maybe, I'm just throwing a number out there, like $3.4 million.
But they only get maybe $2,500 for just doing the role, the voice itself. I think it's fair that they should get maybe a cut of the profits. It's only fair.
Yeah, especially if a game, you know, it's sold to them.
And the reason why we're going to pay you so little is because we're only expecting the game to make X amount of dollars.
And then it makes Y amount of dollars. Like, that can be very frustrating. Like, you know, I was totally lied to, right?
Yeah, and there's no surprise that even outside of gaming, like even in the anime industry, there are various companies that will only hire non-union people just for that.
Yeah, but you know, I worry though, you know, and there is some good talent out there that is non-union, especially in those indie games.
You see a lot of that, so I don't want to say like, oh, non-union equals bad. But, you know, there's more potential for things to go back to, you know, regress a little bit to the past 10 years.
Just when we were making headway to be a little more competitive with Hollywood, there's a real chance that that could go backwards a little bit if the strike were to be prolonged, which I don't think it would be, to be honest.
Right. I mean, I understand that smaller studios can't get the union people, and I get that. But sometimes, you know, it does happen. I just feel, you know, there should be a bit more of a share going across the board.
What's going to be very interesting though as the strike happens is that you're not really going to see the effects of it for like three years, or two or three years.
I mean, it depends on the game, but you know some big games, like, I don't know, Mass Effect Andromeda, let's say, which you know is going to have a list of like AAA talent in it.
I'm sure all the voice acting is long done for that game. So, you're not going to see the impact right away. That would be the very interesting thing to come with a strike, is that we would pay for it like years later.
I would say it would be years. I would say months later, because let's say the strike happens, I guarantee you, like within a week, some titles will be cancelled, or delayed.
The remaining titles, there will be other people coming in to cross that picket line. And I don't think you should cross a picket line, but you know what, if you gotta make ends meet, you gotta hustle one way or another.
And there's some people that are going to be like, this is my big opportunity.
Exactly.
And that's kind of how I feel as well. I sympathize with the voice actors, and I totally get the concerns, and I do think especially if they haven't looked at this since the 90s, then yes, things need to be looked at and renegotiated.
But the reality is, dude, there's people that would love that and aren't going to necessarily have those same demands until they do it for a long time and then realize, oh, the strike had a point. You know what I mean?
Yeah, definitely. Definitely.
S2100matt pointing out the Rider Strike messed up Heroes. We didn't know about it at the time, but years later we know now.
And yeah, kind of a similar point was made earlier in the show, making that same reference there, and Heroes was not the only show that was really fucked up by that strike. A lot of shows were.
It's going to be interesting. Well, we hope it doesn't happen in gaming, obviously. We want them to come to an agreement, but the ramifications are going to be very interesting if it does.
True. And I just want to say this part real quick, and I'm going to get the heck up on out of here. I mean, I understand the Rider Strike, but to me, it's different.
I mean, yes, the writers went on strike. Production on various shows halted. You can't get scab writers to come in to pick up where the originals left off to figure shit out.
And if you do, it's going to cause more problems. Whereas if the voice actors go on strike and they get people to come in, you're going to tell the difference. You're going to know.
I mean, if you remember the whole Pokemon debacle that happened like five, almost ten years ago. I mean, people complained about that, but everybody's happy. I mean, I see it, but I see just a slight difference, you know?
I just think that in the voice, it'd be more of an impact because it's going to affect more than just the gaming industry.
Why do I have a feeling this discussion is going to continue on this Tuesday's Anime Jam session?
Probably not because we covered it last week already.
I'm not caught up yet. I'm not caught up yet. But if there's any developments, I'm sure you guys will be on top of it.
Oh, definitely.
Awesome. Alright, well, Rama, thanks for the call. And everybody listen to Anime Jam Session. Don't be like me who missed it this week.
Don't worry. Just like I said, we're on this week starting at 10 p.m. and it's just for a few weeks so we go back to our normal time slot.
Sounds good.
Awesome.
Bye, my friend.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Wow, some weeks we sit here waiting forever for calls.
Some.
Tonight it's back to back.
Sometimes it's a flood, sometimes it's a drought.
Exactly, right? Alright, well, let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Zach Jeff.
Hey, buddy. What's up?
Well, you talked about the beta not getting support or at least Sony not releasing more portables.
Yeah, I mean, at least that's the way it looks now. But then, I don't know, like, you know, he made that comment at EGX, which I understand, you know, the Euro audience is very similar to what it is here where the Vita just really feels dead.
But then you look at Japan and you kind of go, how could there not be a successor? It seems to be doing so much better over there.
I mean, I don't know how the hardware is doing, but based on the software, you would think. I mean, I don't know. So, it's just, it's so weird to me, the whole situation.
But, yeah, I'm actually glad that they are not working on a new portable or at least not thinking of one. Because I look at the Vita and the Vita is pretty alright. I have one. I usually, sorry, I use it constantly, almost daily, just to play Taikunu Tatsujin.
But, here's my gripe about it. Because, you know, the Playstation TV doesn't support all Vita games. Especially the ones that use touch controls, right?
Unless you hack it.
No, here's the thing. And I'm probably going to rant about this. I did it on Twitter already. A friend of mine, or some friends of mine, we tried the hack.
Taikunu Tatsujin could not run on a Playstation TV at all. The reason why it doesn't run is because of the touch controls. But, have you played or at least know how Taikunu Tatsujin on the Vita controls?
No, because I haven't checked it out yet, although I want to.
You should. It's pretty good. But, still. The only thing you use the touch controls for Taikunu Tatsujin on the Vita are the menus. And that's an optional thing. Optional.
So, I'm pretty baffled and stupefied to know why the fuck it doesn't run on the Playstation TV if the game, the game itself, doesn't use touch controls. It's, like, idiotic. Really stupid.
And even the hack didn't fix that. So, it's like, my god, I don't know if it's in Sony's part or Bandai Nanko, but, my god, I don't know how the fuck didn't they make it work.
Could it be, and I'm just throwing a random ass theory out here that's probably not right, but, being that Taikunu Tatsujin is a music based game and so there's likely licenses in that game, could it be as something silly as it was licensed for a handheld but not for a television?
And so that's why it will run on one but not both.
I don't think so because we have other games like Project D.Va. There was another game released close to Taiko, I don't remember the name, it's IO something, that's also released on Japan only, but it's a music game and I'm pretty sure it runs also on the Playstation TV but Taikunu Tatsujin doesn't.
Yeah, I remember that IO game. Good point, fair enough. Well, yeah, I do think Sony has just made some really weird decisions, I wish they would explain a little deeper as to why they released the TV and then it dies almost as fast as it comes out.
Unless they just decided, oh, well we sold it as a Vita but now it's just going to be Playstation now. As if that's what people had originally bought it for. I don't know. Anyway.
Yeah, the lack of support from Sony, for the portals at least, it's really something that amazed me. Seeing the Vita now, I don't know why they released it.
Yeah, it may be great in Japan but it's still not selling 3DS numbers, if you catch my drift.
No, definitely not. Alright my friend, I'm going to let you go to try to get one more call in here before we head out for the night, but thank you for the call.
Hey, thank you for letting me rant.
You're welcome. Anytime, rants are fun.
Thanks.
Alright, bye.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've brought up on the show tonight.
SSU100Matt in our chatroom over at Live.vog, Network.com says, Loki can't hog all the rants. That's right, he can't.
No, he can't.
You're like, I'll do what I want. Alright, let's get to the phones. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Why, hello there Mr. Rob Roberts.
Hey Jason, how you doing?
I am fucking exhausted.
You are tired, you're a party animal at Twitch, you know.
I was asleep for, well, I wasn't asleep the whole time but I didn't actually get up until around an hour before the show started so I could actually get the intro out of the way because I was just off my feet.
And very happy about that.
Now, you know, I said my own thoughts on TwitchCon, I'm sure you have some responses here which is why you're calling but, you know, it's totally true that you knew way more people at that thing than I did and you had a community you were partying with and having a blast so that's awesome.
Yeah, and this has been something that's been added into my life for the last year and a little bit more than a year and a half to some degree but really like the last year very, very significantly and as any collection of communication happens, I forged a bunch of amazing friendships.
I went into TwitchCon knowing, having met one single individual in person that I met from Twitch and she actually made the drive out here with me and then of course I know a handful of faces from community nights, a handful of faces of the streamer that I've gotten to know.
I know of a million and one people because there are certainly the popular variety casters and everything else.
I know of quite a couple of esports folks even though I don't particularly watch that side of Twitch but yes, I definitely went in with a healthy knowledge of the community overall and then my particular circle that I'm heavily interested and invested in.
So what did you want to talk with us about tonight? I'm assuming it has something to do with the con but you never know.
Yeah, it was just kind of fleshing out some of the things that we were talking about in the intro and then just kind of giving my thoughts on Twitch culture and all that kind of stuff.
Go for it.
The first and most obvious thing is that everybody has their medium and to that extent they seek the things out that's interesting them.
You start to ask me of the finer points of the medical world.
I've made a friend who's working on being a doctor and is in his internship and clinical stuff right now.
Like when he and his girlfriend who's also doing a PhD for medical stuff, they get into their conversation and I'm just kind of over and I'm out of there.
But exactly as you described today, these are my people. This stuff is interesting. I absolutely love and adore it and have met some wonderful people and this last three or four days has been undescribable.
So everybody has their medium. You folks have been doing this predominantly audio only, trying to mix in some other things here and there.
But it has been an audio only show period for the entirety of its lifetime. The biggest medium change going from live only to of course podcasting.
And then to that end, that means that you have the live chat audience who have a prominent role by nature of this feedback and the comments that you read from chat.
You have another handful of people that do manage to listen live because they're interested.
But then interestingly, the majority actually comes from the podcast listeners over the week, which is a dramatic shift from anything you were able to do previously.
Twitch flips that on its head. YouTube is actually more like audio streaming in that regard because it's only recently that there was live streaming.
But Twitch completely flips that on its head. As far as I'm aware, VODs, videos on demand, are not the majority.
If they are, it's only incidental because of people going through searches. But Twitch's draw is the live community period. It is the interaction. It is the integration.
Because there are so many things that can be done in a visual medium that cannot be done on an audio only medium or of course something recorded and released after the fact.
Right, but certainly there's an audience for VOD as well or PewDiePie wouldn't be famous. But it's like that's YouTube's specialty and now they're dipping their toe in the game streaming team and now we're seeing vice versa happen.
Yeah, that is definitely the better way of putting it. If that audience exists, they are predominantly on YouTube because that is their bread and butter where the draw on Twitch does have that feature.
But the amount of, you know, until the playlist ability and as you talked about from the keynote, the 24 being able to truly make a channel capability that was never a priority of Twitch that we saw because the features hadn't been developed from it until now.
I have two immediate thoughts that come to mind, especially when we kind of invoke now our show and now our experiences with all this stuff and that is that for one, the concept that, you know, okay, now that Twitch is essentially going to let you do video on demand and set up a channel,
it would be so easy for us to set up a channel that would just play nothing but Orange Lawn's radio episodes 24 seven and that could like be a thing. But then I kind of think in my mind, wait a minute, then I would be competing with VOG, the network that we established to do that.
So it leaves me in this weird conundrum type of place. You know what I mean?
This is not untraveled territory. If you want inspiration, look at any TV network and dare I say it, G4.
Their non-live content, their classic licensing, all that kind of stuff. People were never quite happy with the non-Prime shows, the non-flagship shows. That's what, in my opinion, has pushed people.
There's a million and one benefits to the on-demand revolution that's going on right now, but I don't think it's a blasphemy for me to say that G4's programming outside of all of the key times, just after school on the weekdays, midday weekends and prime time practically every night was, for the most part, garbage.
Especially after they started biting in on Spike TV's territory with the man network and now we see where they are. They're gone. They couldn't find the formula that actually let them run 24 hours as a no-shit network.
That said, every other TV station that you decide to look at has their schedule, has their syndication, there's the word, and then things like Revision3 and their multitude of networks and for the things that they've tried to do to make content to you available at all times in addition to the live taping when they finally started moving some of their shows to live taping.
Not necessarily interactively, but certainly watch the recording as it happens that just gets turned into the produced show after the fact.
And here's the interesting other thing, the second thought I had, Jason, and I'm not sure how you'd feel about this, but remember we were on Justin TV for a good year if not two years.
And I don't know if we were like ahead of the time or what the hell we were doing, but we were simulcasting the show and you could actually see the video on Justin TV at the same time that we were doing the show.
But eventually when we switched studios, what happened, the reason why we don't do it anymore, we were in that big garage space which lend itself well to television.
We had to move just to real life circumstances from that space to a much smaller space at Dark Sakura's place that was not really conducive for television.
We're in a large space again. If I really wanted to do it, I could have a camera in here. Here's the thing, I just don't think we're creating compelling video content.
What the fuck is there to watch? And that's nothing against the YouTube stuff because for me, when you put the shows on YouTube, that's more of a delivery method for the show.
And then you will splice in those five minutes of compelling video content maybe where it is in the three hour show. But that's really it. And I just kind of go, it's not really worth the whole Twitch thing to me.
Do people really just want to watch me sitting here talking to the microphone? I really think it's boring. It's like the exact opposite of what I talked about earlier in the show.
I guess I learned this is really a preference thing. I don't get the stream where somebody sits there and doesn't hardly say anything until they want to ask for money.
It's the nightly news. And they do their work. That's why there's a market of file photos and file footage. And that's why even if the story is nothing particularly interesting, they have a reporter out there in the field.
Oh, the travesty right behind me, even though the visual content isn't particularly anything special besides a talking head, it has this extra presence of the person being there.
If you're from the neighborhood, you could potentially have an idea of what's going on. It's something compelling to people that wouldn't have an idea otherwise that do prefer that medium in the first place to be informed.
So it is a good combination for that particular medium and presentation that they want to be able to give.
Now, here's something really interesting, Jason. And why don't you see if you have that same aha moment that I just did with this chat comment over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says, if you had a videographer live that played video corresponding to what you're talking about at that moment, then maybe it would.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
If only that technology existed and we saw it on Saturday.
Yeah. Stage 10. You saw the individual ask me to be able to record the video because he wanted that quote. Stage 10 is not even out. It's incredibly rough.
But that is one of those things that I have had a concept of in my brain since I've been on Twitch and since I've seen people who I know that have the talent but don't necessarily have the presentation.
Everybody has what they specialize in and if you find those pieces to put them together, you come up with something compelling.
Hello, the three of you with common interests that have also been able to evolve from your specialty into what our lives have been for the entirety of it, practically speaking.
So yes, exactly as you're referencing and exactly as I said with such enthusiasm, the ability to put everything that has to be done on one specific computer that the streamer has to do everything.
Somebody is developing the ability for you to hire, engage or have a friend that has producer, director, engineer talents.
So you do what you do best. You are a personality. Give me your footage. Have your setup. Have your green screen, your lighting. Do what we need to get your face, your voice and your personality into the stream and leave everything else to me.
Because I pick out those little things where the scene wasn't changed at a good time or you're talking about something and oh, I saw this really cool image that perfectly demonstrates what he's talking about or this image that he's referring to specifically.
Bam, put it somewhere in an overlay design thing right there. Yes, it is a great technology for combining people in physically disparate locations to be able to come up with a better production.
And it's interesting because it changes the conversation significantly because now we're talking about, and not that I'm volunteering you for this, but I'm just saying a hypothetical fourth person could be here and turn it into, I guess, the nightly news.
That sometimes the shots of us would be appropriate, but when there's a need for it, cut away to the Skype chatter, the chat room itself and the text comments that we see in chat, the video of the game that we're talking about being played, the trailer and so forth.
Now it changes the conversation significantly because now there's compelling video content in the show, but would it be the same show? I don't know. These are all interesting questions.
And by the way, these questions and this dialogue was the best part of TwitchCon for me because I would not be having this if I didn't go.
I was expecting more hardware than anything else and then when we saw more just broadcasters to make the task of all this kind of stuff easier, seeing the streaming software was wonderful.
Game Studio was wonderful, but like I kept going on and on about yesterday, screen for not necessarily streaming, I'll come back to that in a minute, but the fact that screen exists and when we came across Stage 10 and started having that conversation is certainly the non-social highlight for TwitchCon for me.
Absolutely. Take nothing else away and those have ridiculous amounts of potential as long as they're developed and gone through rightly. I did want to touch on that box because I mentioned it real quick.
Yeah, go ahead. This will have to be the last thing then we're going to wrap up the show.
Absolutely. Not particularly. Get out of the mindset of somebody playing a game, but there was this little piece of technology called screen that is just an HDMI multiple input box.
Oh yeah.
The way that they were presenting it on the show floor is that you can plug in all of your sources into this box and throw it out to the TV and then you have a control via an iPad, any other tablet, probably even a phone, perhaps that kind of stuff.
And you can have your presentation, picture in picture evolved. You can have your sources of media presentation set up the way you wanted to arrange everything.
The first thing that jumped into my head was the director, the standing producer for Games Done Quick. He has the live feed. It's going out to what everybody else is going to see on the channel.
Then he has the donation trackers and any other web content that he wants to be able to make sure are still running along as people are doing it.
Countdown timers for the next runner, information for the narrators for anything along those lines. This thing is the underdog of being able to let a producer be somebody that doesn't have a room and, I don't know, $50,000 or $500,000 to deck it out with what has existed in the past for TV networks.
Totally. It struck me as kind of like a director's chair. OBS, you can kind of do some of this stuff in today, but it's not necessarily always intuitive. It kind of takes the entire computer out of it and leaves it to, you just fiddle with it on a tablet and it's all hardware.
It was very intuitive the way it looked. But they're doing a Kickstarter thing now. They're not technically released yet, but they were there to promote their Kickstarter.
Correct.
All right. Well, anyway, my friend, we could probably talk for another hour about TwitchCon, but I do have to wrap up the show. We're running long tonight.
Absolutely.
Thank you as always for the call and thanks again for the experience of TwitchCon. It was very enlightening.
Thank you for coming down yesterday.
You're welcome.
It was a great start to a great day.
Yay.
Very long day.
Well, you know, cons go that way sometimes.
Yes.
All right. Take care, my friend.
Good evening, everyone.
Bye.
All right. That is going to do it, sadly, for the Skypline tonight. I know there are more people trying to get through, but we're like 20 minutes after nine o'clock, so I really have to wrap up the show for the night.
But I really want to thank everybody for tuning in and listening tonight and participating with the program.
I want to check in real quick with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories to discuss.
No, not really. While we were kind of sitting here, I did find a cool video of an Attack on Titan fan game that they're making, which looks way better than some of the stuff that they have coming out on the 3DS, so I'll post that.
But that's about it. There's nothing really going on.
Fair enough. Then we are going to have to wrap up and get final thoughts for the night.
I do have to mention, though, that you probably noticed Dan stopped talking at some point.
Dan and Jamie actually took off. They had to get on out of here, so sadly don't have a final word from either of them tonight.
But I do want to thank Dan for being here. Funny guy, as always.
And, of course, Dark Soccer. We'll see you guys next time here on the program.
So, meanwhile, Loki and I just here closing down the shop tonight.
Loki, your final thought. Oh, actually, let me say this before I get your final thought.
As I always say, thank you so much for downloading our show. Thank you for supporting independent broadcasting.
And if you like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please consider rating our show with five stars over on iTunes or Stitcher Radio, wherever it is that you heard about this show.
We don't really request your money here at Orange Launch Radio.
All we request is use that mouth to help us with word of mouth, because we don't have a million dollar website backing us up or anything.
We just need your word of mouth to help us spread and grow. So please tell a friend or five about the show here at Orange Launch Radio.
Now we'll get everybody's final thought. Loki, your final thought tonight.
I will hopefully have my new Mario Maker level up online tonight. Hopefully I can pass it. It's pretty difficult.
So I'll try to get that posted tonight. Hopefully I'm not going to stay up too late to do that.
And then I really want Lego Dimensions. Me too. I know. Me too. A new Portal song.
Maybe next month I want to get paid again. Maybe there will be discounts for Black Friday. Who knows?
I can't wait that long. I didn't really want to get it at first, but then I heard the reviews have all been really good on it.
And they said that the story is really good and that the interaction with the different sets and stuff, it jives with it.
The humor is all there. It just sounds awesome. So I kind of want to play it just because of that.
We'll see. We'll see if you break by next week. We'll find out.
Alright. My final thought tonight is... I don't know. I have a lot of different thoughts in my head.
Live streaming. I was going to do something tonight after the show, but I just don't think I'm going to have the time.
Because I have to edit this show and get it on the podcast feed or our Monday morning audience will be sad.
But definitely I'm going to play around with streaming from the Wii U for the first time.
Probably later this week. It might even do some PlayStation 4 and Xbox One stuff.
Not using the apps, but using it through the capture card, which I think will be a lot of fun.
But definitely the Wii U for sure. I'm already thinking of some stuff I want to do that.
You'll probably start seeing Monday or Tuesday, so you can follow my Twitch channel.
Rob Roberts. All one word on Twitch. And stay tuned for those upcoming broadcasts.
I don't have a schedule yet, because I'm still trying to juggle this podcast.
Grandpa came back from his trip this week, so we're going to talk about a Wednesday night show again and bring that back.
I know some of you missed that. Some of you don't, but some of you missed that and we want to bring it back for you guys.
So hopefully I'll have news on that in the coming weeks.
But for now, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into the show and listening tonight. We will see you next time.
Good night, everybody!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
you
