Since your last spoke, the gaming storefront and launcher world is getting a little bit
smaller with EA choosing to relinquish their exclusivity.
Balance has shifted in the force.
This is just one headline to catch up on.
Stay tuned for the rest of the stories we have time for starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back again, back, back, back again.
Episode number 797 for this November the 3rd of 2019.
My name Rob Roberts, her name DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And his name, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
We have you guys in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network because we do
tape live at the Voice of Geeks network every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock
Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Insert your name here.
That's right.
So, and we appreciate of course all the hosts and all you guys that support our show.
And even if you're listening on the podcast feed, welcome back.
Hope you weren't thrown off by us being gone for two weeks.
We'll address all that a little bit later in the show.
But since we have been gone for a little bit, I want to jump right into gaming news tonight.
Let's talk about BlizzCon because ironically, the last time that we did have a show, we
were kind of talking about this whole Blizzard made a big boo-boo with the banning of the
Hearthstone player and so forth.
So BlizzCon happened and many folks were surprised.
I don't know if I was surprised, but I think many folks were surprised that BlizzCon opened
with a little bit of this.
Before we start the opening ceremony, I want to say a few words.
You know, Blizzard had the opportunity to bring the world together in a tough Hearthstone
esports moment about a month ago and we did not.
We moved too quickly in our decision making and then to make matters worse, we were too
slow to talk with all of you.
When I think about what I'm most unhappy about, there's really two things.
The first one is we didn't live up to the high standards that we really set for ourselves.
And the second is we failed in our purpose.
And for that, I am sorry and I accept accountability.
So there it is.
The new CEO of Blizzard, J. Allen Brack, sorry I'm butchering the last name there.
I don't have it right in front of me.
And he's accepting accountability for what happened with the whole issue.
But to quote Jim Sterling, what are you apologizing for?
Because you're being incredibly vague about everything.
You're not mentioning the specific things that you did wrong and the specific things
that you need changed and the specific things that you're not living up to standards on.
You're just seeing a tough esports moment.
You know what the fucking thing is.
It was a little weird to be so blunt.
It's such bullshit.
It is such bullshit because they say they're apologizing about it, but are they unbanned?
Nope.
They are still banned.
So they're just they're just appeasing you because they're like, yeah, see, we're apologizing
for it.
Here's some new things that you like and you're totally going to forget about it months down
the road when this stuff comes out and you're going to purchase it anyways.
I understand you would like some smoke for your ass.
Let me blow it for you.
I don't know.
I think you guys are using harsher language than even I might.
And I took a lot of shit on Twitter this week for my stance, but I'm I'm OK with it.
You know, like, again, I'm not saying that like we need to boycott Blizzard.
That's not the word I'm choosing to use in this whole situation.
I am seeing other people right now.
That's where I am about Blizzard, because look, and in many ways, yes, it is about the
issue of banning Blitzchung and more so I'm at least I'm at least thankful.
That this that Jay Allen got up there and said it wasn't just what we did, but it was
how slow we were to respond to respond.
So I do want to give credit for acknowledging that, because I do feel like and I it's not
that I disagree with you.
I don't know.
They're pretty quick.
They're pretty quick to respond to the was that the college team also got banned for
six months.
All right.
And I and that's the thing is, it's like I do appreciate that at least he called that
portion of it out by name.
But Eddie, though, didn't shut up and let me talk.
But like you, I am kind of like, why don't they just call exactly what it is?
And for me in that, I mean, great, you accepted accountability.
It's a nice start.
But what's the real difference that's going to change?
And if they're not going to sit here and say, we're going to unban those casters who didn't
deserve it, even though there's some people out there that feel the casters did deserve
it because they feel like the casters lobbed the ball or whatever, I as as somebody who
has been in the position similar to what would a caster would go through lives of worth,
I completely disagree with that assessment.
That's fine.
Everybody's entitled to their opinion.
And that is also important to this scenario.
If you want to keep playing Blizzard games, go off, sis.
I'm totally fine with that.
It's your money.
Spend it on how you want.
But for me, it's not just about what's happening or what's happened with the Blitzchung scenario.
That was more like the final straw for me because we're forgetting there's been a lot
of comedy of Blizzard errors that has been happening over the last two years, namely
the last BlizzCon and everything that happened there, namely remember when at this exact
same time, this was all going down, there was a guild that got banned for being called
gay boys because the automated system, you know, threw it out, whatever, fine blame it
on the automated system, but that's still like a thing that happened that shouldn't
have.
And it's, it's more like a culmination of all of these things.
And I think what really irritates me about this whole situation, this is what it really
is for me, is that, and it's funny because these folks, you know, on Twitter, and again,
I'm not trying to like shade anybody and everybody's welcome to their opinion and so forth want
to say, well, if you're mad at Blizzard, you should be mad at Apple.
You should be mad at Microsoft.
You should be mad at Sony and whatever other companies are having the perception of embed
with China.
And that argument, I suppose, would be something you could do if, if that is the only issue
I have with Blizzard.
But the problem is that it's not because what's really irritating to me, here's what it is.
It's that they were so fast to ban all these folks that said things about China.
But do you remember when that Overwatch League player made the homophobic remarks on his
stream?
How long did that guy get banned for?
Did he get a lifetime ban?
No.
Did he get a six month ban?
No.
He got a four game ban.
That was the equivalent of a month.
That is why I'm mad.
Because the China thing was like way overcompensating compared to what they've done in other situations.
That was the straw that broke the camel's back.
But if you want to continue to play Blizzard games, that's fine.
Because I also understand there's a tricky line here.
There's many employees, many people I know that work for Blizzard that have nothing to
do with any of this.
In fact, they get very frustrated by this stuff as well.
And yeah, I don't really want to hurt those people.
But the reality is I already bought Diablo 3, I bought Overwatch and so forth, and I
just don't really see the need to continue my World of Warcraft subscription right now.
And not playing two MMOs right now is really great for freeing up my plate for doing other
things.
Diablo 4 and Overwatch 2, which we'll get into in a minute, because admittedly they
look pretty sweet.
I'll evaluate those games and whether I want to buy them or not when they come out.
They're not coming out tomorrow.
They're not coming out by the end of the year.
They're probably not coming out by summer.
Because where's Warcraft 3 remastered?
For all the shit it got, where's Diablo Immortal?
I think they maybe acknowledged, I think Warcraft 3 they said is doing the beta.
I think they acknowledged Diablo Immortal, but for all intents and purposes, those games
that were their big flagship things last year, for better or for far, far worse, still
aren't out.
So we have a whole year at least.
Did they say that these games, because I saw a tweet that was something like, wow, all
these games are coming out in 2020, Blizzard's got a huge year ahead.
Did they say these games are coming out in 2020?
I don't think so.
I don't think they did.
And feel free to correct me if I'm wrong in chat.
I don't think they said, I would imagine the Warcraft expansion, yeah, it's got to be because
that's their timetable.
And maybe one of these games, probably Overwatch 2 is going to be next year.
That's a guess.
But is it all coming next year?
I don't necessarily think so.
Blizzard don't always work on those types of timetables.
Again, it's been a year.
Where's Warcraft 3 remastered?
Where's Diablo Immortal?
Those games still aren't out.
So that's where it is for me.
Blizzard, we're seeing other people for a little bit and I'm going to continue to see
other people.
Let's see how you do in the next year.
Let's see the action behind those words that you just said.
And then in a year when these games are out, I'll decide what I want to do.
But more importantly though, at the very end of his little apology, if you will, he talked
about like, we have players from, you know, around the world, like, you know, I want to
say like 69 countries or 65 countries or whatever in there, or they're talking about their company
and stuff and about people everywhere around the world and that they want those voices
heard.
Except if it's about China, in which case then we're going to ban your ass.
Well, did you notice though that, okay, so there was a panel and I forgot to grab the
video of it, but there was a panel, somebody posted this in our discord actually, so shout
out to vognetwork.com slash discord because it's actually where I first saw it.
There actually was a World of Warcraft Q and A panel where somebody asked this question
and then at the very end of it said, you know, free Hong Kong revolution of our times.
The exact same quote that got Blitzchung in trouble, he said that right at the end of
his question, then promptly walked off and sat down and the host just kind of had one
of those like smiles, like not, yep, this is what they taught me in training might happen
and just kind of smiled and acknowledged it and moved on.
Like they just kind of, it was very obvious they had a game plan for what they were going
to do if a Hong Kong thing started and it was going to be very much shut the fuck up
and just let it take its course and then get the, get the car moving again because that's
exactly what that hosted.
And then there was, there were, it got awkward.
I thought what the guy did was very like, just very like bam, just slap, like just thwack
the table and then left.
Then there, I thought it was a little awkward cause then somebody kind of tried to piggyback
on that.
It was like free Hong Kong, free Hong Kong.
And there was like dancing in front of the camera.
And then the guy said, did you have anything you want to say?
And it said free Hong Kong.
And I, I feel like the second individual kind of messed up that opportunity a little bit.
And you know, when the adrenaline's going, there's a lot of things you do.
It just, the second person came off a little bit more immature.
I think the first one was very cool and calculated.
The second one was very much like Muppet Flail and it didn't read very well at all, but again,
the way they responded to it very much the host, would you like to say anything that
did it like very, like they knew that was, there was very much an action plan for that
scenario and you saw it play out there as kind of awkward-ish as it was.
So which that's better than maybe like cutting away and trying to shut it down and everything.
So I'll give them that, like they seem to be learning in that regard.
You know, they didn't, they didn't try to like shut it down completely.
I suppose.
I don't know.
Anyway, I do want to get to some comments in our chat Questbuster over at a Twitch TV
slash a VOG network says on Rob's note about Blizzard employees feeling frustrated.
A few of them did stage a small walkout of their own on campus when this broke.
Yes, very important to note.
And I think that is so cool.
And I really applaud those folks because you know what?
Angry internet dorks only go so far like that type of behavior.
That's what's really going to affect the change.
So when you know that those people on the inside are really on your side too, that is
a really, really good feeling.
So I fully support what those guys are doing.
And I think, I think that's, that's fantastic.
And hopefully the change will continue from within.
You know, I guess I can talk a little more openly about this now because I used to work
in for many years, I no longer work in, I worked in the health insurance industry.
And believe me, I've heard a lot of shit about health insurance over the years.
It is a pretty messed up system.
But you know what, all I could really do in that scenario, I had to do what I could do
from the inside to try to make it better for the customers to try to make it better for
people to understand to try to make sure that people weren't getting screwed over and all
that type of stuff.
Sometimes it's, it's the folks on the inside have to kind of do what they can.
But every like big fuck up that's ever happened in gaming, it happened in a boardroom somewhere.
It didn't happen because some hard working developer that's working crunch time and all
that stuff, you know, decided they were going to screw something up.
Anyway, let me get to more comments.
SG100Matt says, we all know what they were talking about in reference to Jay Allen's
speech there.
They admitted to acting too quickly.
They admitted to acting too slowly to speak.
Do they really need to name names?
In my opinion, I don't think so.
It's going to take a long time for Blizzard to win back people's trust and rightfully
so.
But this apology is a start.
They need to act and not use nice words and heartfelt speeches.
They need to do more and prove to us they will be better to win back our trust.
Exactly.
And the way I see it as much as Diablo 4 and Overwatch 2 do look great, and I hope, I hope
they do make better and do better so I can feel good about supporting those games and
supporting my friends that work at the company.
I don't feel the need to pre-purchase today.
Is that so wrong?
Don't feel the need to pre-purchase the new WoW expansion today, which believe me is something
you can do.
You want to get your level 60?
Because it's 60 again because everybody's getting a squish.
You want to get your level 60 WoW character boost right now?
You can pre-purchase Shadowlands today.
I just, maybe not now.
Maybe not, not today.
Anyway, let's see, trying to go to some other comments here.
Questbuster in chat says, open forum, public space, little doubt Blizzard likely drilled
everyone manning their stations at the con on what to expect.
Absolutely.
They knew it was coming.
Somebody on Twitter commented that it sounded like they had a separate mic volume for the
crowd, that they had a way to kill the crowd mics and kill the crowd speech if need be.
Which you know, as much as you might want to say like, yo, fuck Blizzard for that type
of thing.
Like real talk y'all, there's a lot of things on TV that are like that and a lot of things
where if there's pre-pand...
I mean, even any sporting event knows how to cut away from a streaker, right?
Because you don't want to give the streaker attention.
You don't want to broadcast the booty on TV since it's running by.
You know, those types of things, like anybody putting on a professional presentation knows
how to cut away from this stuff like that.
So I mean, I'm not surprised to hear it.
It's just weird to hear it with BlizzCon, but I mean, BlizzCon is a massive media production,
is it not?
Tigerclaw is saying, was the red shirt guy back at BlizzCon?
I wonder what comment he made.
Remember his comment about Diablo Immortal being a late April Fool's joke?
It actually wasn't the same red shirt guy.
Wearing a red shirt has become some sort of interesting symbol.
And it's interesting that all these people that get up on the mic and do interesting
things are often wearing red shirts.
But believe it or not, the guy who asked the lore question started the whole red shirt
thing.
The guy who said, is this an April Fool's joke?
And the guy who just said free Hong Kong are all different red shirt guys.
I wish I had a graphic.
This is a more professional TV operation, I'd have a graphic that would show them side
by side.
Lore nerd, guy making shitty comment, guy saying free Hong Kong.
Very different people.
Anyway, anything else you guys want to say about the apology and all that stuff?
Darsakha, Loki, I know I've said a lot there, I want to open it up to you guys too.
It's just vague corporate speak.
That's seriously what it is.
There's no good way for them to get out of it.
Really there's not.
They fucked up, they've kept fucking up, and they're trying to do distraction tactics.
Now it's this sort of fake accountability thing.
And I don't believe words anymore, I believe actions.
I want to see action before I remotely even consider anything else.
Because as it stands, I'm pretty done with Blizzard.
I was already done with WoW in general, and now I'm done, done.
No, this is definitely one of the final straws for me, especially exactly for the same reason
that you said.
And remember, every time there's a controversy, even with Bethesda, they always give the,
we're going to do better, we need to do better, it's not up to our expectations.
Everybody has that fucking line.
It doesn't fucking matter what they say, it's about what they do.
So let's see them do something about it, because right now they haven't done shit.
And in regards to people comparing company A to company B to whatever, I look at the
past record and look at the integrity.
Has this company actually made good on what they say?
If they found something has gone awry with their services or whatever, how quickly were
they to make a change?
So that being said, I don't really care about anyone throwing out comparisons.
What about this?
What about that?
That is a fallacious argument in and of itself.
And trust me, if you want me to list the general fallacious arguments and why I don't respect
them, I can do that in another time.
But it is inherently a fallacious argument.
The only thing that you can look at is the company itself, what it is doing, and only
compare it to its own actions.
End of story.
I saw a very interesting tweet that was very kind of like this kind of like shady thing
that was like, and it didn't name names, but I could, you know, sometimes you got to feel
the, you feel the shade a little bit, right?
It's like that, that gif of the shade moving over the city.
And it was something like, interesting all of these people tweeting their criticisms
of Blizzard from their iPhones when Apple has done all this stuff too.
And I'm like, okay, look, I can, I can understand why folks may have a criticism of Apple and
China.
That's fine.
And that is your choice to make.
That's fine.
I'm going to tell you why I didn't make that choice, because it's not the same thing.
I just said Blizzard's thing is a history of these things going on.
And it's also the Apples and, or excuse me, the, the what happened here versus what that
happened there.
And there was a big disconnect between the two bands and what happened there, despite
all this other stuff in between.
With Apple, yes, I realized they pulled an app that, you know, was very controversial,
but for what it's worth, at least when it happened immediately, Tim Cook put out, the
CEO put out a statement saying, this is why we did it.
This is the policy that it broke.
And this is what it was.
They didn't wait a week.
They said, here's the word straight from the top when it happened.
Now I'm not like, again, if you have decided you can't support Apple because of that or
whatever, that's fine.
That's your call to make and so forth.
But I just want to say where this is not the same as this in my viewpoint.
And I think to kind of throw out there that like, oh, you got to ban all these companies
because they all do business in China.
Yo, China's got 1 billion people.
Of course, everybody wants to do business in China.
But again, it's about how you do that business.
And again, you know, when this ban doesn't match that ban, and so on and so on.
Is it as much of a crime to say free Hong Kong as it is to say F A G G O T on a stream?
So you know, that's, that's, that's why I feel for me that argument doesn't work.
And also one other thing I'd say about that whole thing is that Apple, I don't mean, it
could be Apple, it could be Microsoft, it could be Samsung, it could be, you know, and
insert whoever you want here.
That is a device that I use to stay in contact with family and all that stuff.
We're talking about that versus a video game.
One is a little more easier to cut out than the other.
I think that's why you have so much activism against Chick-fil-A, for example.
It's really easy to cut out fast food.
I don't want to dive down that whole well right now, but I think that's what makes that
particular boycott really easy.
It's fast food.
Most people shouldn't be eating it anyway.
Anyhow, other comments in chat.
Over at twitch.tv slash vog network, a zet in our chat says, watch what they do, not
what they say.
Very, very well said.
That's exactly what it is.
And we've got, and what I'm trying to say is, look, y'all, we've got like a year.
So Blizzard's got a whole chance to be awesome.
And I will say that little rainbow pan, at least that he was wearing, that was cool.
That was a nice gesture.
That's a little baby step.
That's a cool thing.
Yay.
But we got a ways to go.
All right.
Anyway, fifth dream today in chat says other companies make phones, you guys.
Yes.
And I've seen every single one of those other companies used in a don't support X company
because China.
You name it.
Samsung, there's a reason.
Google, there's a reason.
Microsoft, you still using a Windows phone?
There's a reason.
Everybody's got a reason.
I would also look at, and just back to that, look at all of these various companies' interactions
with the government where they operate out of, and also look at the action.
Just saying.
All right.
Let's get back to games because, you know, let's talk about the games that were announced
at BlizzCon.
Because I will say, of course, you know, despite all this stuff, I still want to be, I'm still
a fan of gaming.
And I got to say, some of these games look pretty darn cool.
Let's talk first about Overwatch 2.
So on Twitch right now, we're playing some of the gameplay trailer that they put out
for Overwatch 2, which shows some of the new features that are going to be in the game,
such as there's a new Toronto map, but it looks like they're kind of reusing some maps,
but they are going to be some new modes.
They've kind of redone what the characters look like.
There's going to be more of a focus on PvE.
Didn't I say before that if Overwatch were to ever do an expansion, they could do something
on PvE?
Just saying.
Yes.
I'm not trying to be that guy that's like, I was right.
But anyway.
And then they're revealing a new hero in this trailer as well, a new type of map that you
can fight on, like a push map, which is actually really funny.
Blizzard is a master at putting together these types of trailers.
You'll notice I'm not showing this.
I love this part of the trailer, the push mode where the little robot is like, I am
really good at pushing, like says these, it's really cute.
It's very Disney and it's very, very well done.
And you can't help but get goosebumps when you see something like this.
I mean, and if you're an Overwatch fan, I mean, double so.
This looks really, really, really good, I got to say.
You know, especially if you're an Overwatch fan.
Very interesting though.
Oh, and there we go.
And you know, a lot of folks out there saying, when are we going to get a black woman in
Overwatch?
And there we have people of color, women in Overwatch.
We don't have a black woman in Overwatch, but Blizzard did announce they're going to
handle that with us, is her name Sojour, Sojourne.
When are we going to goose in Overwatch, dammit?
I want the goose.
The goose?
The goose has to be in Overwatch.
Oh, for the goose game?
Yes.
I think the goose would be better suited for Smash.
Just saying.
All the games.
I don't care.
All of them.
Smash, Pokemon, Animal Crossing.
It turns out the goose is doing the pushing on the new Toronto map.
Anyway.
Uh, but no, I will say the game looks really good.
Here was the hot take I had on Twitter that, um, I don't know, I, I said that Overwatch
2, well, okay, here's why, because they mentioned, oh, if you have Overwatch 1, you can play
with people in Overwatch 2 and Overwatch 1 will still get the new heroes and it'll still
get, I think some of the new stuff, but it's not going to get the new play modes.
It's not going to have, like some stuff is still going to be locked out.
And I was kind of like, you know why this is so easy for Overwatch 2 to be cross play
with Overwatch 1, because it's an expansion.
It's a really well branded expansion to Overwatch 1.
That's not a bad thing, y'all.
Don't come for me.
Okay.
I didn't send for you.
Okay.
It's, it's not a bad thing.
And I think we see this type of thing happen quite often in the sports game world, right?
But an Overwatch is a giant e-sport.
You know, who's an expert at reselling old content.
I'll give you a hint.
It's part of the company name.
So that's a, that's an Activision playbook.
Yeah. Right.
Um, so you know what I, I, and maybe under the hood, maybe it is a sequel, maybe it is
an all new graphical engine or something under the hood.
I'm glad that at least letting your like, you know, skins and stuff transfer over because
if it were Activision, it would just make you buy those things again.
But I, you know, well, and you know, hello, let's celebrate that.
That is something to note.
And I think it is, it, I will say this, that's actually not shade.
What I'm saying there is that, oh, Overwatch 2 is kind of like an expansion for Overwatch
1.
It actually does seem like the smart and only possible way to not so much fragment the fan
base, especially when you're still trying to push this Overwatch league thing.
And how is the Overwatch league going to, like, let's say Overwatch 2 did come out and
it was a completely new engine, completely new game.
Didn't work with the first game or anything because it's all new stuff.
It would be like, how would you, which game would they play in Overwatch league?
What would, how would they sell it?
Like would they just completely leave Overwatch 1 behind and say, oh, it's all about that
Overwatch 2 shit.
Now I don't understand if the Overwatch loyalists features that they're adding are PvE.
Who cares?
Like if it fragments, it's not, I love the PvE stuff.
But yeah, but like, I don't see how this would, this wouldn't be any different than
just selling an expansion except now they can sell it for like $40 instead of $20.
Well, and there are there to be fair, it's not solely PvE because there are new PvP map
types and those will be, uh, locked such as a new map and world of Warcraft will be locked
if you don't get the shadow lands expansion when that comes out, because that's how expansions
work cash grab to me.
I actually completely disagree with as critical as I've been a blizzard.
I don't say, I don't think it's a cash grab.
I think this is very blizzards model.
They do, they do expansions with Diablo all the time.
They do expansions with world of Warcraft.
They do expansions with Warcraft 3.
No, no, I'm not saying that I'm not saying that's wrong that they do an expansion.
I'm talking about, yes, I have Overwatch 1.
I buy an expansion for the adds additional content to the game.
Yes, I understand what an expansion is.
This is, hey, you like this game while you want the additional content to re-buy the
whole fucking game again is what I mean.
I actually don't think it's that at all because they are saying the original Overwatch will
still get the new heroes and enough to be cross compatible with Overwatch 2.
It's just if you want these extra PvE, you want these extra new skins, you want these
new PvP modes, then you're going to have to buy this expansion, which is called 2.
Arguably this expansion is going to be the cost of a full game versus what I feel DLC
would be priced at.
I'm going to some comments over at twitch.tv slash vog network and Bobby does say clearly
they didn't announce price.
I figured they did because again, we're a year out.
I mean, games prices may change overall in a year, who knows at least.
Matt Defton chat says PvE is what Overwatch needed so badly.
Fifth Dream Today says just pull a DOA and make 3000 of the same DLC for the next game.
S2100 Matt says the PvE stuff they did in Overwatch was one was only for a limited time
and was limited in what they did with it.
From what they are showing, this broadens everything.
Quest Buster says, speaking of fragmentation, Activision also wanted to avoid fragmenting
the base with the new Modern Warfare and the upcoming content with free maps and no season
passes.
Ooh, I like this comment from Matt Deft who says what we suggested on GFM cast is that
probably Overwatch one is going free to play or that Overwatch two will include Overwatch
one for free.
Well, I think it kind of has to.
I think Overwatch two by default kind of has to, but I really like that theory that Overwatch
one might just straight up go free to play.
I don't think it will.
I I'm not going to be so quick to shoot that theory down.
I'm not going to say, Oh, you're right.
You're right.
I don't think it'll happen at the same time.
I think Overwatch two will come out first.
Then maybe after a year, that might be like the long-term plan.
I could see that, but I don't know.
We'll see.
So that's Overwatch two.
You know, again, Blizzard does a great job at putting together the trailers, really kind
of hit you in the feels with all that stuff.
And you know, yeah, like I, I would love to play the PvE stuff in Overwatch, quite frankly.
So I'm curious to hear more about that.
And then of course, the other big reveal, the thing I didn't grab video for was World
of Warcraft Shadowlands, just because, you know, we do have a lot, a lot, a lot of news
to get into tonight, so I can't do all the BlizzCon stuff, but yes, there is a new World
of Warcraft expansion coming.
It's called Shadowlands.
You know, it's going to allow you to level your character from 50 to 60.
Why?
Because the level squish is incoming.
So a current level 120 character will be squished to level 50.
And it's going to be very interesting because apparently you're going to level to 10 in
a new zone.
And then from 10 to 50, you can level in any of the expansions because it was getting to
be too much.
Like I kind of figured this had to be coming.
Like Warcraft has had so many expansions now that like, if you want to level an alt, it
can really be a slog.
So I actually think this is a good thing.
It's just going to be interesting to see how this plays out.
But they're saying that everything, I mean, like you're not going to get screwed out of
being able to hunt for transmog gear and stuff.
Like you can still run the old dungeons and really overpower it.
I think the official lines was something like, we want the level ups to feel more meaningful
in scale and blah, blah, blah.
But the reality is like, it's like if they had up the level cap to 130, it's too fucking
much.
This takes too long and it's too much of a slog through old ass expansions.
So you know what?
I honestly think this is actually a better idea.
So cool.
Anyway, but the other big game that was announced, of course, was finally Diablo 4.
And here's some gameplay of Diablo 4 that they showed, which, you know, looks very similar
to any other Diablo game I've seen.
But it just, you know, you can see the years of upgraded graphics and so forth.
A lot of people are talking about how the new Diablo has like a darker tone.
I don't know if I, I guess, I mean, it's, I think people hate on Diablo 3 too much,
to be quite honest.
I don't think what I'm seeing in this Diablo 4 is like some massive color palette shift
from Diablo 3.
I don't see that.
What I do see is riding horsies and I do see the druid shifting into a bear, which looked
really cool.
And I think a lot of those classes are coming back and yeah, I mean, I, I've always been
a big fan of the Diablo games.
It took a little bit for Diablo 3 to get there, but it got there and it's really fun to play.
And I'm curious to hear more about Diablo 4.
I think it is still like really early on me again, it looks really good.
We see things in the snow and, you know, we do see like a real kind of varied amount of
different environments that the Diablo game is taking place in.
So that does seem really cool.
I think one thing that they did very well in Diablo 3 was that they really created this
end game in the expansion with running the rifts and all that stuff that of course they
didn't really have time to get into with this Diablo 4 discussion and everything that they
were showing at BlizzCon with Diablo 4.
You know, because there's just so much to get into with the game and they probably want
to focus a little bit on the story mode and the base and the demo that people were going
to play while they were there.
So they're not ready to talk about end game yet because this game is still forever out
and that's fine.
But I'm curious to hear more about that when the time gets closer.
But this will be the thing that I will really want to get so why I am, believe it or not,
really rooting for Blizzard to make those internal changes they need to take and for
Jay Allen to mean it when he says he's going to take accountability and shift those changes
the way they need to be shifted so that I can feel good about buying Diablo 4 when it
comes out because it does look pretty hot.
And honestly I'll probably buy Overwatch 2 as well with the same bullet point that
I put on the last one.
Any thoughts on Diablo 4 from you guys and our chat?
It looks pretty but it's more fucking Diablo.
But is more fucking Diablo a bad thing?
I don't know, I got bored with Diablo 3, I got bored with Diablo 2, just Diablo is kind
of boring.
The clicks and destruction and loot and gold, it's very soothing in a weird way.
It didn't gather any of my interest, it really didn't.
Loki, I don't think you've really ever super been into Diablo but now what I didn't show
here was there was a very long cinematic that was very gory and so forth.
And you know what, Blizzard's cinematics team always does a great job.
I just didn't show it here because it wasn't the game.
But it was a great announced trailer and it always baffles my mind why the Blizzard cinematics
team just doesn't make a movie.
Imagine if they had just made the World of Warcraft movie.
It would probably have been better than it was.
Honestly, it very much might have.
So I don't know what's up with that.
Thank you, now I just remembered that they made a Warcraft movie.
You know what movie they ought to- I liked it by the way, I liked the movie.
I didn't think it was terrible but here's the thing.
The movie they ought to make, Blizzard's cinematic team ought to make an Overwatch movie.
I really think that's a missed opportunity.
It seems ridiculous that that- maybe that's a thing that will happen in a few years.
But an Overwatch movie seems like the biggest opportunity that they're not taking.
I don't know why they share movies now.
You know who kind of picked up on that opportunity and decided to go ahead and run with that?
Riot Games.
Did you see their announcement?
No I didn't.
So Riot Games, they always do these really cool cinematics and music videos and stuff
around their League of Legends tournaments and everything.
So now they have their animation studio working on a series called Arcane which is their animated
series that kind of ties in all the cinematics that they've been doing.
But they do some pretty awesome stuff.
I remember the KDA music video and everything and they've had a bunch of cool things that
they put out.
So I'm looking forward to anything that they've done.
But yes, they should do that too.
I think it would be very fitting.
Agree.
Now I want to get into something else that was posted on our Discord actually.
I want to talk a little bit about this.
So a shout out for our Discord server at voggenetwork.com slash Discord because sometimes you guys post
stories there.
This is kind of like a completely different note.
It's not necessarily about BlizzCon itself but I thought this was very interesting.
I wanted to get your guys' take on this including in our chat room.
But it's a story about the Overwatch 2 leak.
Now we've been off for the past two weeks so we did not get a chance to talk about the
leaks.
But I think most of you generally know at this point that it was pretty much out there
that Diablo 4 and Overwatch 2 were going to be happening because there was an ESPN related
leak with Overwatch.
There was like a foreign guide art book or something that leaked the Diablo 4.
But we knew these things were coming, right?
But there was an interesting interview with Jeff Kaplan who of course is the creative
guy behind Overwatch that talked about how those leaks were very frustrating for the
Overwatch 2 team.
Because what happened, here's the quote, our artists are heartbroken.
They take such care to make the art look beautiful.
And then we get some crappy version of what the art looks like, because somebody had like
taken a cell phone pic or something, I don't know.
And then people are like, I don't know, it doesn't look that good.
And we're like, no, it does.
It looks amazing.
It's just a crappy screenshot that someone took.
So it can be a bit demoralizing.
That's a very interesting comment, especially when you consider many people were theorizing
that the leaks were intentional on Blizzard's part to try to deflect.
I don't know if I buy into that, but I'll just put it out there because it is something
gamers are talking about.
That Blizzard potentially put those leaks out there themselves in order to get the focus
off of what was happening with the Hearthstone competition and the results.
And instead to talk about the future of Blizzard things.
So it's very interesting the whole leaks and how they can be damaging for the game.
What do you guys think?
Good thing or are leaks a bad thing?
Depends.
Depends.
It's good for me.
It's really, it's really situational because in some cases it builds hype for something
that makes people even more interested in it.
Yeah.
I mean, like for me, if there's a movie that I want to see, I might go look for like leaked
reviews or, you know, things like, or I might see like, does the dog die or something?
Well, I'm giggling because speaking of discord, I feel like, and I'm not being shady, I promise,
but I feel like every week there's the weekly tiger claw update on what's going on with
the Sonic the Hedgehog movie based off what's leaked from either a standee that showed up
in a cinema or what junkie XL doing the soundtrack has made a comment about the redesign.
I think that was the thing this week and so on and so on.
So it's interesting because I mean, you know, for, for fans and folks, even though I'm,
I'm very much, when it comes to that, I'm very much like, I'll wait for the new tree.
You had me at junkie XL doing the soundtrack.
I mean, that's already like that Jim Carrey being in it.
I mean, I totally see it.
So it's, so it's interesting.
So those leaks can sometimes be, uh, well, I just didn't realize he was doing the soundtrack.
That's okay.
But that is something, right?
So anyway, uh, let's see, uh, going to, uh, comment from YYR in our Twitch chat who says, uh,
leaks make a game healthier.
Green vegetables are great for your health because it's L E E K S get, get it.
Get it.
Thanks, dad.
YYR officially making dad jokes in the chat.
Thank you.
Officially, um, act.
Defton chat says speaking of leaks, how about them Pokemon leaks?
Well, that's one that's going on right now, right?
I know some people are trying to avoid those leaks, so I'm not going to get into them in great detail.
I will just point out, I have a text message from Shane about an hour ago talking about that.
I guess the pokey decks has leaked.
So I'm like, which Pokemon got cut and he's kind of explaining it to me again.
I'm going to respect the wishes of those that are trying to avoid the leaks.
So I don't want to get into those details, but, um, I mean, it is causing us to talk about Pokemon and get that
whole like hype building a little bit there.
I mean, in Shane's case, not that any additional hype is needed, but I suppose, you know, I'm a little bit more of a
filthy casual when it comes to Pokemon.
So talking about it does make me go, oh yeah, that Pokemon games in like two weeks.
It's going to be here before I know it.
Crazy stuff.
So anyway.
All right.
Bobby Blackwood from chat says, how do you know when a joke becomes a dad joke when it becomes a parent?
All right.
Anyway,
womp, womp.
All right, uh, let's move on.
We've spent a long time on that topic, but there's, that's honestly, I feel like outside of Blizzcon, that's like all anybody's been talking about this weekend.
There is some other stuff that's been going on in the world that we will get into.
Um, but we were gone for a couple of weeks, right?
This is our first show back since I think October 13th.
Um, not completely by our design.
Um, I'll explain a little bit more about that in a moment, but I thought we could take an opportunity to talk about what were some of the big headlines we missed in our time off.
So Loki, what were some of the things we missed while we were gone for two weeks?
Um, so apparently we have a new system coming out from analog, so they're doing a portable system that looks kind of like a original Game Boy, but it plays most portable games.
I've reached out to try to get a demo, by the way.
Oh.
Um, so it looks pretty awesome.
It's got like a 1600 by 1440 resolution, three and a half inch screen.
It plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance games out of the gate, and then they're going to have adapters for the game gear, Neo Geo Pocket Color, Atari Lynx, and more.
And with the, you know, resolutions on the screen, I can imagine they could play quite a bit more, but the system's going to cost $200 and it's coming out sometime in 2020.
And it looks so nice.
I mean, I'm not even really interested in handheld games, but I kind of want one.
I feel like I have so many like retro things that like, as neat as this looks, I'm like, if I have, if I buy one more of these things, honestly, I need less shit in this house, not more.
Well, this plays like original cartridges.
This isn't like one of those, you know, uh, classic mini systems or anything like that, which really I'm surprised Nintendo's not doing a classic mini Game Boy or something like that, but I guess we'll have to wait and see on that.
Um, so then Capcom also mentioned that they want to bring back some old dead franchises.
Uh, one that sounds like they may be batting around is Akami.
So we may see a new Akami game pretty soon.
And apparently, uh, Japanese arcade, Anata no Warehouse is closing down and they apparently were pretty legendary interesting arcade.
Um, and it's unfortunate that they're going down because of a change to the sales tax laws in Japan.
And let's see what else.
So we had some announcements regarding, um, Panzer Dragoon remake is getting a physical edition, which I know that was teased also come into PC.
Yeah, I'm excited about that.
That's a pretty soon, isn't it?
I think so.
Yeah, I think so too.
I think it is a holiday for this year game, believe it or not.
Uh, now that Halloween's over, we're in the holidays.
Apparently some people say we've skipped Thanksgiving.
I've always kind of considered Thanksgiving a holiday.
So I sort of thought this period was always the holidays.
I kind of got mad, like, like, or at least an annoyed look in my face the other day because it was like the middle of October and they were wearing Santa hats at the grocery store I went to to get a sandwich.
I'm like, really?
Like it's not even fucking Halloween yet.
Really?
You got fucking Santa hats?
I mean, what the hell?
Back to games.
Anyway, sorry.
Um, so then what else?
Uh, they're going to have used to acknowledge your weird pagan holiday.
They're going to be doing physical releases of the Aladdin and Lion King games.
Uh, yeah, I heard about that.
Uh, so those are going to be coming out as well.
Uh, I'm surprised the licensing got all worked out for that, especially how both those movies got the real life remakes.
Disney's been some real dicks too about their old properties, especially the stuff they just got from Fox.
There's this whole thing, and I don't want to deviate too much from games, but I think this is kind of adjacent because like, like there would be cinemas in town that would do like late night screenings of the princess bride or Ghostbusters or, and I don't, you know, like all these, I don't even know if those are actually Fox or Disney, but like classic movies and stuff.
Right?
Yeah.
Disney's pulled all that.
They're not allowing theaters to show those old movies anymore with one notable exception.
There is one exception that they haven't touched, and that's a little movie called the Rocky Horror Picture Show, which is still a Fox movie.
And I think, I think the reason why is because they know if they touch that they're going to be fucked with a capital F because there will be some angry cross dressers out there acting out the rock or picture show, which I've been a proud member of that scene for a long, long time.
Uh, that will be very upset at that whole thing.
So, uh, I think Disney is rightfully so stayed away from the rock or picture show.
But everything else they've been like not renewing rights, not granting.
And it's all because of fucking Disney Plus.
Because why, why go to the theater to see it when you can buy Disney Plus?
Well, it's kind of like, that's the other thing that kind of annoying for me.
Cause most of the MCU, this next phase of it is they're Disney Plus shows, which I'm like, okay, well, the cinematic universe.
I kind of was hoping more than being the cinemas, but I guess TV now, cinematic universe, whatever.
Tiger Claw says, I'm sure you're still giddy that the rock your picture show is now a Disney movie.
Actually, Tiger Claw, I feel the exact opposite of that remark, especially in light of everything I just talked about.
Fuck Disney right now with a whole lot of this, this sucks.
I was going to get Disney Plus, but now I kind of don't want to because I don't want to support this.
Oh, there goes Rob again, talking about boycotts.
I don't know if it's, it's not a, I don't think it's a boycott so much as it is.
I don't want to buy that.
Yeah, I don't want to buy that.
So they did a piece on Conan O'Brien about Death Stranding in his visit to Kojima Studios.
And of course, predictably so, he's in the game.
So that's awesome.
Last of Us 2 got delayed to spring of 2020.
I heard it got another little delay.
That's all right.
Well, you know, honestly, again, if you need the delay to get it right, delay it.
Cool.
Yep.
And then, um,
We should start celebrating delays.
We should, I maybe I'm going to put that on the list of things to do, uh, make a bumper to celebrate video game delays.
I'm going to, I'll get on that for 2020.
Okay.
And then I was going to say, um, last but not least, uh, let's see, we'll talk about how Sony has confirmed that PlayStation,
um, six through 10 in Japan, at least the trademarks for those are in place.
I think we're actually getting into that a little later in tonight's show.
Well, now I spoiled it for you.
So there you go.
We'll come into it a little later.
See how it says this week at the top of that.
That's whatever.
You know what?
I'm not paying attention to this shit.
All right.
Anyway, our shows as broken as WWE 2K20.
All right.
Let's get into, uh, another segment here.
We're gonna talk a little bit about our gaming weeks, but we're gonna do it a little bit
differently because, um, we've been gone for three weeks, so there's been a lot going on.
So I want to do a segment called how is your week?
How is your day?
And those long time OLR fans may recognize that name.
I've brought it back from the dead, uh, tonight just because it's been so long and I know a lot has been going on.
So first collectively before I go to dark soccer, because of course I'll, I'll let her go first, but generally I want to speak to what happened to the show.
So, um, two weeks ago we knew we weren't going to be here kind of because I found out for work about two or three weeks prior I was going to need to be gone.
I was going to be on my way to Vegas for some work related things and I had to fly out on a Sunday because it started Monday morning.
So we knew two weeks ago we wouldn't be here.
The reality is day job.
Most important thing.
It pays the bills without this, the lights aren't on, so got to do the J job stuff.
So I think y'all understand and know about that.
Last week was a little shittier because believe it or not, we were pre, we were here, we were prepping to do a show.
We were all going to be here.
It was going to be great.
We're going to do the show.
And then, um, we had some crazy ass wind here in the Sacramento area and really up and down California.
I'm sure you guys have heard about those really horrific fires that have been happening up and down the state.
Um, and, uh, luckily not so much here in our area in Sacramento.
Yes, there were some fires in Sacramento, but I don't believe any structures or most importantly, people, maybe a few structures, but no people in the Sacramento area.
So for the most part, we were fine, except I'm so glad there wasn't any spontaneous combustion.
The, the problem was is those high winds killed the cable.
And so without the cable, we couldn't broadcast our show on Twitch.
And I did give thought to, well, we could all sit here and at least record something and we could just put it on the podcast feed.
But the problem is without cable, we can't pull up our stories to look at and do that whole thing.
And it just would have been really weird.
And honestly, guys, the whole thing was really frustrating.
So I was just like, fuck it.
We're just not going to do OLR again tonight.
So thank God we're here tonight because I shit you not.
Do you know what happened at one o'clock earlier today?
The power went out for about, luckily it was only about 15 minutes.
But like I wrote this tweet that thankfully didn't go through probably because the power outage was probably trying to send it to my router or something.
Well, no, because the router would've been off.
But for whatever reason, it didn't send.
And it said, you've got to be fucking kidding me.
The power just went out.
It's like, God does not want to hear any more OLR.
God is done with this show.
The end.
Thankfully, power came back on 15 minutes later.
So a crisis averted and here we are.
Hooray.
I will warn you guys, though, next week, guess what?
I'm not going to be here live.
But here's the thing.
I've been planning a trip to New York City for like six months.
I'm my gay ass is going to see some Broadway.
I'm fucking hyped about it.
You know, sorry, not sorry.
But here's the thing.
Luckily, we're able to make it work myself.
Dark Soccer Loki.
We're going to tape a special show midweek and we're going to air that on Sunday.
So we're going to do an OLR bonus stage episode this weekend.
And that will also go on the podcast feed, of course.
So it'll be a lot easier than it was to miss two shows in a row.
But that's why we've been gone.
It's very nice to be back because, of course,
it's very frustrating to not be here for a couple of weeks.
I will say a couple of things that have
happened housekeeping wise on the VOG network front.
Our Discord server is now a boosted server because a very kind individual just
got Discord Nitro and used his two boosts on the VOG network server.
So now we have the higher sound quality and all that fun stuff.
And you can use the can you use the emote?
No, I think that's that I can do that because I'm a Nitro person.
It's supposed to unlock more stuff.
Bottom line, join the VOG network Discord,
VOG network dot com slash Discord, that's VOG network dot com slash Discord.
Act F says God wanted OLR.
That's because the power went back that fast.
Yes, that's true. Bobby Blackwolf says the final premiere.
Yeah, because Twitch TV premieres are going away on November 12th.
And
Kaijuto in chat says you guys need to let Bobby fill in for you.
I'm sure he won't mind recording for four hours.
I actually I think Bobby actually would mind that maybe if he had some co-hosts
to help him, but I don't know if he'd want to go for four hours unless he gets
Tommy Tallarico on his show next week, then he'll be fine going for four hours.
Yeah, Tommy could go for like ten hours, so that's fine.
That's no shade. I love Tommy.
And I want to hear all about his in television, which has no shade.
But he certainly talks because he's enthusiastic about what he's talking about.
Let's see. So, yeah.
And D'Artesia says, so not numbered?
No, we're not going to number the next show because I'm specifically delaying
episode eight hundred until December 1st.
So that way,
episode eight hundred is the same month as our one year anniversary on Twitch.
I don't want to say too much about this right now because I don't know what will
be in place or what won't be in place, but behind the scenes,
we're plotting a sort of soft relaunch, if you will, of Orange Lounge Radio,
because reality is, you know, there's a lot of great people
out there that are still listening and so forth.
But we've really been kind of struggling to get the word out about our show,
get some of the longtime listeners from a long time ago to come back.
And I bet a lot of people don't even know we're on Twitch now and so forth.
So we want to do kind of like just like
a soft relaunch and kind of a creative reboot, if you will, of our show.
Not saying we're going to like change everything and so forth,
but maybe there'll be some new art, maybe some new promo pics of us,
because it's been a while.
I'm going to stop wearing pants.
Maybe we'll wear pants, maybe not.
Maybe we'll have some new sound effects,
maybe some new videos and things like that.
So just some creative kind of like, you know, like a makeover.
Who doesn't love a makeover, right?
Y'all watch your daytime TV and see those fabulous makeovers.
That's what we're looking at for episode number eight hundred.
So anyway, Sia Tabiri says smush cam.
Don't count anything out.
Don't count anything out.
All right.
Dark Tits Sia says hashtag bring back the soundboard.
I can give that an enthusiastic no.
All right. Anyway, let's move on with how is your week?
How is your day?
Dark Sakura, you've had a bit going on.
I have.
I'm actually surprised you're here tonight.
And I don't mean that in a shady way, but you know why I'm saying that.
Well, and I'll just go ahead and come out with it.
But I'm not going to define what it is.
I had a salpingectomy, salpingectomy.
Look it up if you care.
But I it was a laparoscopic procedure.
I had it on Wednesday.
I'm on my last bit of medication for it.
So, yeah, I hurt quite a bit,
but I couldn't miss this after not having been here for two years.
Two years.
You're definitely on drugs.
Definitely. Oh, my God.
Well, OK, so they gave me the big oxy.
Right. And I've never taken it before.
Oh, that's fun.
I've never taken it before.
And like for for like a while, I'm like, I don't feel anything.
I don't feel anything. Oh, oh, oh.
And then that's that's what it's been like on that shit.
By the way, thank you to our soccer,
because when you came to the show, you brought me a little bag of candy corn,
which you talked about on the last hour, a little bag of maple candy corn.
So I'm feeling my Canadian self tonight.
I'm actually not Canadian at all, but I love Canada so much.
This maple candy corn is really good store just for you.
OK, but what cracks me up,
it's in the same type of packaging that like trail mix would be in.
It's like not a big bag of candy corn,
but it's one of those like little snack bags of candy corn.
So that was funny. The only size I saw that.
And I got you the other thing, the other thing that you never get.
Oh, yeah, I love vanilla tootsie rolls.
So she brought me a whole thing of them.
I found those trick or treat.
But by the way, would you dress up?
Oh, you didn't do Halloween because I did procedure.
Oh, did it work? What'd you do?
OK, so I got at the thrift store because I thrift for everything now because I
don't know what fucking fits me and I'm cheap.
So I got it was like a Forever 21 skater dress, like three quarter sleeve.
But it had it was black with pentagrams all over it.
So I wore that and my woven witch hat.
I'll find a picture and put it in chat or something.
And then just did like hardcore, really awesome makeup.
And I made cookies.
My cookies were I got
dehydrated strawberries.
So I took half of the big bag of them
and just powdered them to make my flavoring in my sugar cookies.
And the other half I soaked in water and they got kind of leathery and chewy,
you know, like when you get the pink drink at Starbucks, it's the same thing.
They get kind of leathery and chewy.
And so I add a lot of red food dye to it.
And I made visceral cookies because it
was kind of like what I would imagine eating intestines like.
So I made visceral cookies and had everybody
with like red mouths and everything from the food dye.
It was pretty cool.
And I'm still waiting for Detroit Become
Human to come out on an epic thingy, so it's not out.
I did get my legit physical copy of River City Girls.
And so Dan and I are going to play that.
We talked about setting up the stream and everything.
But like right now, I'd probably just
start falling over into a giggle fit trying to play it.
And I'm back into Sims.
I've been playing Sims with my computer being a little shit.
So I've already put together my next computer.
It's going to be great.
I'm getting an iMac Pro.
It's about four grand, has sixty four
gig of RAM with a really nice graphics card.
And it will be well enough that I can
do it for still playing some of my other games.
Buy me one too.
Did y'all can't see the look I'm giving Rob right now.
And it's called, do you know how much sushi you'd have to buy me?
Four thousand dollars, four thousand dollars worth, two hundred and sixty
dollars worth of pudding. I was just in Vegas.
So the type with the real gold flakes on it, the edible ones.
Also, you know what I just did before I came here?
But I had chocolate with edible gold in it.
Yum, it was great. Good times.
And you've also given me candy and coffee while I'm kind of high.
So I just want to make sure you are in a good mood for tonight.
I'm in a mood. All right.
I'm in some kind of mood.
I love everybody.
Mostly Loki. How was your week?
How was your day?
What you dress up as for Halloween?
I had well for work.
They made us do well, they wanted me to do like an 80s costume.
So I went to the Halloween store the night before Halloween.
And the first costume I saw that reminded
me of the 80s was a double dare contestant costume.
That's awesome. Did you get pics?
I didn't see any.
I took a picture of the costume, like, but it's great because not only do I get
to wear this costume for one day because it was really just like a T-shirt and like
some elbow pads and they have like a helmet and stuff with like a magnetic cup.
It's like the cup that they normally wear
on top of their head when they're filling it full of crap.
Yeah. Yeah.
So but now I have a double dare T-shirt that I can wear any time.
So it's like the kids shirts and the wife a shirt.
And you guys could have been family. Yeah.
They didn't have they only had it like the adult sizes.
So they had large and extra large.
So I and there was like two left.
I'm shocked you didn't get a picture.
Yeah, I should have.
But I got to go get my costume and get my costume.
OK, because mine's very so I'm going to go get it for the people.
OK, why you continue to tell us about your week and your day.
All right.
So my week I did well, I mean, it was a lot of Halloween stuff.
So like the first week that we weren't here, I went to we had like a local
haunted house that we took the kids to and that was all right.
And then the kids went trick or treating on Halloween.
And we did all that. And what else?
I mean, we did some school field trip,
so I have been playing a lot of Pokemon Go and Ingress because I was up in Grass
Valley and there's a bunch of portals and stuff that I have never tagged before.
So I say, yeah, what the hell?
Because this is boring.
So I'm going to do this as I walk around.
And then other games I actually played to I played more Borderlands three.
So I think I'm pretty far into that.
I did manage to play what the golf I was
many thinking about streaming it, but I just didn't get around to it.
So I've been playing that.
And you ready? You ready?
I'm ready.
It's because Rob is the greatest.
Hello.
I can't even do an Australian accent, but I've just I've dressed as Sia for Halloween.
And the minute I saw the wig, I was like, that's so incredibly random and ridiculous.
I have to do it.
So anyway, not to interrupt your story, but I interrupted it.
OK, but I did it in a Sia wig, so it's awesome, right?
I should have worn my costume today.
I forgot. You really should.
We didn't we got robbed of a Halloween edition of OLR.
Yeah, we really did.
But yeah, so I played Borderlands three
and what the golf and I'm really digging what the golf.
It's a pretty fun non golf game.
It's really strange.
And there's a lot of images like other games in there.
Definitely worth checking out.
And then I've been working on my game a little bit, not making much progress in it
or I should say I've been working on it quite a bit.
Yeah, the progress I'm making is very minimal, which is unfortunate because it's
kind of frustrating, but it's still progress.
So doing that and then what else?
That's pretty much it. Yeah.
All right.
Let's see my my week in my day, I went to a conference that was about
learning and I talked a little bit about this on Bobby show.
So I'll kind of like throw you back to Bobby show last week because we still did
a call even though the power was out.
I could still use my excuse me, the cable was down.
I could still use my phone, but I went to a learning conference.
I learned a lot like they were talking
about using A.R. in learning, which I thought was really cool.
Like the fact that like let's say you're learning how to build a jet engine.
You could put a pair of glasses on, like say the HoloLens or something,
and you can use those glasses to like look at the jet engine and it'll show you
like the outline, like put the piece here and do this.
And I just I thought it was really cool.
And then I also had like a VR thing
that was training about like workplace safety and stuff.
So anyway, I'll just defer you over to Bob.
It sounds like a valuable use of assets to you know, it was it was interesting
because I've always associated A.R. and VR with gaming, even though A.R.
specifically things like HoloLens and stuff, you know, they're saying
it's not so much like don't think of HoloLens as a gaming device because
they're finding more and more uses in the real world for it.
Well, I got to see some of the selling that the people and I got to see some
of those real world adaptations firsthand.
And I really do think like, you know, in five years, this type of like glasses,
learning how to do I think you're going to see much more of that.
I really think that is the type of place we're talking about.
Even I guess I know Google, the glass hole and Google Glass and all that stuff.
But I think there'll be some form of that that's going to be a little more standard
in the next maybe, what, five, 10 years. We'll see.
That's just kind of something I walked away from.
And I think there will be some sort of gaming because they talked about the A.R.
can certainly have a place of storytelling.
And certainly, you know, the brief extent of HoloLens I have had,
I got to play that fragments game, which was kind of like the mystery game.
And it's it's fucking awesome.
And like so there's definitely storytelling experiences there.
I just don't know.
You know, A.R. is not necessarily a gaming device.
I think A.R. is just it's going to be new technology.
Yeah. And where there is technology, there will be games and porn people.
Like, I'm sure I didn't see any of this, but I'm sure A.R. porn.
It's going to happen.
It's it's going to happen.
Yeah, it will.
Like you're going to you're going to see it and you're going to be able to.
Stick your head right in there.
What? Boink. You can you just it's V Boink.
Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, there you go.
Anyway, in the games.
So, OK, because I did decide to scale back the MMO stuff a little bit,
I'm only playing one MMO right now. I'm playing Final Fantasy 14.
But even then, it's kind of like, oh, I get on I do some my daily dungeons
and I've been enjoying the thing like I saw.
I don't know if it's like playgrounds or something like that.
What the hell is that?
OK, so they just did a new patch five point one.
And with that, they did new beast tribe dailies.
So there's this like fairy tribe, basically, of fairies that you help out.
And as you are doing the quest
and you gain reputation, you're unlocking dreams in this dreamscape.
And so the first dream you unlock is this big playground.
And so it's just like the thing about Final Fantasy 14
that I'm really kind of loving
is that they're they're definitely do these things that are very tongue in cheek.
Like we're going to create this canvas
because we know our fan base is going to go hog fucking wild with it.
And so they basically found a way to write into the story
this way to have this big like cotton candy dreamscape
where you're sliding down slides and you have chairs that are macarons
like the not macaroons, but the French macaron macaroon.
Yeah, the French ones that are that are way better.
Like, don't get me wrong, I love the coconut ones, too,
those little pastry ones. Oh, so fucking good.
I had one today. Well, I'm so jealous.
Well, you can get those as like chairs for your house now
because of this dreamscape.
So when you and it's just like this little playground
that you can go hog wild and play on, it's really cute.
So I've been doing that type of stuff in Final Fantasy 14, and that's been cool.
But I've been playing other games, too.
So I've been checking out the outer worlds thanks to Xbox Game Pass.
It was out. Yeah.
So I was like, oh, I'm just going to check this out, download it and play it.
And I've I've been kind of into it.
Like it's outer worlds is interesting
because I feel like the game part of it, I kind of played it before.
It's kind of like what?
Like it's kind of like Fallout meets Bioshock,
kind of like that type of thing for me.
And it's it is a little bit shooty shoot.
But there is a Bobby Black Wolf mode.
You can play it on like a story based mode.
That's very easy.
Your first ability you get lets you slow down time.
So it's really easy to like zoom in and hit people super easy.
So I'm loving that.
So I don't have to worry so much about the game side of things
and experience the story.
And that's the part where in the outer worlds, it's really, really well done.
Like almost I mean, I don't know, because I haven't played much more
in like the first 30 minutes or hour of the game.
So I can't say like, oh, it's better than Mass Effect.
But like the choices feel like they're richer than like a Mass Effect.
And you don't necessarily know what's the good choice.
What's the bad choice?
You just have choices.
And it really like plays out the story in different ways.
So much that I'm like, oh, I wonder what would go
what would happen if I went back and picked that choice instead?
So, yeah, I've been into the outer worlds for that reason, actually.
So, yeah, Quest Buster says outer worlds was so fun.
There are a lot of neat decisions you can make.
And Bobby says, I like story mode.
I'm about nine hours in that comment from our chat.
Over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
Well, here's the thing.
So because I kind of set up Xbox Game Pass so I could play the outer worlds,
then I was like, oh, yeah, I have Xbox Game Pass.
I should go play these other games I've been missing out on, too.
So the one I've actually spent the most time on, I think,
probably so far this week is a game called Bloodstained.
I love Bloodstained.
Now, wait a minute.
Didn't I talk about this before when it came out on the Switch?
Yes, but I kind of put it away really quick
because the Switch version had its issues.
And all I was reading, which the issues weren't like gigantic,
but it was just everything I was reading was, hey, just we're working on it.
We're going to put out some patches.
So I was like, well, if they're going to patch the game, then fuck it.
I'll wait for the patches to come out.
Well, in the meantime, I it came out on Xbox Game Pass and I was like, well,
I'm just I want to just play on the PC. I'm going to check it out here.
So I've been playing it.
I'm actually like I'm really enjoying it now that I'm like finally getting into it
and playing it like I got past the little pirate ship level
or whatever you'd call it that was first got to the actual castle.
That first boss was so hard.
Like, am I am I just bad?
Because it took me a while to figure out how to beat that guy.
My God. Like for a first boss down.
Yeah, you really like and I think that's what it took.
I really had to study like, wow, what is OK, why don't why am I doing so bad?
You really have to pay attention to that pattern.
And then I also I got a soul that really helped.
Like it made this giant drill type of thing.
Oh, yeah, that's the best.
Then use that most of the game.
OK, that drill made it so much easier to beat that guy.
So that was that was about that. So, yeah.
So now I was checking out bloodstain and I've been really into that.
So as far as like, you know,
having that Symphony of the Night feel and so forth.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if any game is ever going to touch
Symphony of the Night, but bloodstains pretty rad.
Like, I'll give it that.
I am going to shade one thing, though.
So for all like the shit this game has gotten for technical issues and stuff.
Sure enough, as I'm playing the game
and I had maybe been like 10 minutes since my last save,
I'm going through the castle.
I go up to read a library book because you can read these books
and it's how you learn how to do some of the special moves and stuff.
You might get a little bit more of the lore.
I go up to read the book and game crashes.
Yeah, which I thought was supposed to be a problem
with the switch version that they were fixing.
But apparently it was in the PC version, too,
or at least the version I was getting on Xbox Game Pass,
because somebody either tweeted me or told me on Discord like,
oh, it might be a Steam version versus a, you know, something,
whatever is Epic Store, wherever else the game is out.
And I'm like, oh, there's actually another one
because I'm getting it on Xbox Game Pass.
So anyway, that was annoying, but it only happened to me the one time.
And now I've just been really good about saving as much as I can,
which I really try to do in games.
Save often.
I know, but that was really that was irritating.
Another game I checked out was a game called Minit, M-I-N-I-T.
So it's like it's like a black and white RPG.
It has very much an old school computer look to it.
Like it looks like you're playing on an Apple 2e or like, you know,
one of those really old computers.
But obviously you're playing like your Xbox controller.
And the whole catch is that once you pick up the sword
that kind of officially starts the game, every minute you die
and you restart.
Now, as irritating as that sounds, like most roguelikes,
although this game is not a roguelike, it's a it's a it's a very linear type
of thing, any like let's say you go into a new house,
you'll start from that house.
Let's say you find a new item.
You'll have that new item when you start your game.
Let's say you got so, you know, so everything you kind of do
makes sense that you don't have to progress that part again
after you die and restart.
So it's an interesting little twist in it.
So it's kind of like part roguelike, part adventure game.
I do feel like it is a very simple type of game where it's like
go to the lighthouse.
The lighthouse has the flashlight so you can get through the cave.
The cave gets the death.
And this is kind of like, you know, the one thing leads to another.
But it's not too linear.
Like there definitely seems to be some branching, some ways to go.
You can explore the map and so forth.
So it is like it's a cute game.
I think it only retails for like eight bucks,
which is probably about the right price.
Which one again?
Minit.
It was free just a few weeks ago on Epic.
Oh, was it Epic?
I don't know if I grabbed it when it was free on Epic,
but it's on the Game Pass.
So I just grabbed it there.
It was like, I thought I heard about this game.
So I and it sounded like something up my alley.
So I checked it out.
It's on Switch.
Yeah, and I've been into it.
So that's for sure.
Metal Mayhem is confirming what you said.
Minit was a freebie on Epic a while back.
YYR is telling me to play Supermarket Shriek on Game Pass.
I downloaded it and I just haven't gotten to it yet.
But it is in my list of like things that's going to be awesome.
Yeah.
Um, now the other game I checked out was
and I don't know why I downloaded this game.
I was just like, oh, it's free.
Well, I can finally try it.
So I decided to play Marvel versus Capcom Unlimited because.
Yeah.
Was it?
Oh, Lord, worthy.
It was it was a choice.
Was it New Infinite?
I was like, well, that was forty five gigs.
I just wasted.
Look, this it has a story, I don't know.
It's I want to sit here and go, it's not that bad.
There's other fighting games I could be playing.
Why not just do Capcom versus SNK two on Game Pass?
How about that?
That would have been a better use of my bandwidth.
I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry.
I put on. Yes, thank you.
Marvel's Capcom Infinite.
I said infinite. Thank you.
Yeah, well, I don't know why I put unlimited.
Yeah, Marvel's Capcom Infinite.
That's the one I've been playing.
So, um, yeah, I loved it.
So much I couldn't even remember the name.
Metal Mayhem says free where not really free.
It's Xbox Game Pass.
So you have to be paying for the game pass and then you get it there.
But I mean, I am as I'm using it more and more.
I'm definitely like getting some of the value out of Game Pass.
So that part I'm appreciating because I'm not dropping 20 bucks
or 10 bucks on a copy of Marvel's Capcom Infinite
just because it's on sale.
Like, I appreciate that.
I was able to download that and try it for myself and be like,
oh, I'll just play Street Fighter four next time.
I want to play a game like that.
So anyway.
Oh, D'Artecio says get Dragonball fighters.
That's that's probably better.
I don't think it's on that.
It's not on Game Pass yet.
That's kind of the reason I've been visiting these games,
because I'm like, well, I should get some value out of this.
So I've been trying to get the value.
So there you go.
That was my gaming week and essentially my week in my day.
So let's move on.
We still have some news to get into.
And I want to get into the news.
So costume quest is free right now.
I want that. Oh, on the epic store, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
And so my Loki, let's get into some gaming news.
So you know what Bethesda needs to do for Fallout 76?
What everybody's been asking them to do?
Paywall some more bullshit for it.
That's what they need to do.
And that's what they did with Fallout first.
Their ninety nine dollar subscription service.
That's ninety nine dollars for a year or twelve ninety nine a month
because it's super affordable.
So what do you get for your ninety nine dollars a year?
You get private worlds so you can play in a private world
exclusively for you and up to seven friends.
Problem is, it doesn't fucking work
because anybody on your friends list can join your game.
So that's all fucked.
Unlimited storage for crafting components in your own new scrap box container.
It was deleting your items.
It's great. A new survival tent, a place full fast travel point
with a stash sleeping bag and more for basic needs.
I don't believe that was working either.
You get some stupid Adams, sixteen or one thousand six hundred fifty
Adams per month, which the quote Angry Joe.
You can't even buy blue for that.
One of the colors for your armors is actually more than what that is there.
It's twenty dollars for blue. That's stupid.
Ranger armor outfits.
So they had the special ranger armor that we're going to get into this,
how this is also kind of working against people that bought that.
And then some unique emotes.
So obviously, people were not too thrilled about that.
And unfortunately, because of that,
actually, people that are paying for this service.
Are actually getting some shit from people that aren't buying the service.
So when they see, you know, players wearing these exclusive armors or whatever,
they're kind of getting harassed a little bit, which is not a good thing.
But basically, you know, one of the things
that also kind of goes against is they're talking about before that.
The they've even promised that all of the enhancements
that they would do the games are all the sell stuff
they would sell through the atomic shop would not be.
It would just be cosmetics only, not like pay to win.
But then again, they're giving you now the ability to basically
have private servers and have unlimited storage because storage is a problem
in the game, and now you can pay for that problem to go away.
A problem that they created, by the way.
So it's just it's ridiculous.
I don't know why they thought this was a great idea, but.
I don't know, and now the people, you know,
some fans of the game are saying, well, this is kind of a slippery slope
because now that you have this service, if people take advantage of it,
they're going to start piecemealing more things off of it.
And here's the even the worst part about it.
Like, so to go along with this, they have that whole update
that they were going to do where they were going to be
introducing NPCs back to the game.
Well, that got delayed.
It got that part got delayed.
So the actual meaningful updates to the game delayed.
But let me sell you something else.
I don't want to disrespect the Fallout fans out there.
And I'm really sorry that your game has turned out this way.
But like, shouldn't Bethesda at their point just cut their losses and move on?
Like, shouldn't they just like, let's just they're going to milk this thing dry.
Let's just take what we've learned from this experience
and apply it to future games
so that we don't end up in this type of situation ever again.
Like, wouldn't that just be the best course of action for this?
Or is it just one of these?
They must be facing such pressure from their investors to make this game happen.
And to be fair, other games have turned their asses around,
like Diablo three fixed itself.
No Man's Sky fixed itself.
Final Fantasy 14 fixed itself.
So like Fallout 76, like I feel like desperately wants to join that club.
But then they make moves like this where it's like, oh, PS,
your whole stash gets deleted when you use it, where it's just like,
that's that's not how you're going to win the people over.
That's not how it's done.
And it's like, who like who who even wants to give this a try anymore?
Like there's been so much shit regarding this.
So much, in fact, that Australia has said, you know what?
We think that some consumers were misled.
And that we're going to actually
require that Bethesda or Zenimax in this case to
actually refund some of these players.
So apparently, if anyone asked for a refund in Australia
between November 24th, 2018 and June 1st, 2019 can now receive that refund.
They said that, of course,
if you receive the refund, you'll be no longer entitled access to play the game.
But apparently, you know, some people that were asking for refunds,
you know, with, you know, problems with servers lagging,
graphical visual problems, we're told that they couldn't get one.
But apparently, Australian consumer law says otherwise.
So if you had made that request,
now it's time to actually get that refund.
If you haven't, you're kind of out of luck.
Questbuster in chat says it goes deeper than that.
Some fans were upset with Bethesda's direction of the Fallout series
for a while now, and the bugs and Fallout 76 was the last straw for them.
Fallout first just made things a lot worse.
And some folks in chat bringing up that everybody wants to be Fortnite.
YYR saying the investors and higher ups want games as a service.
Every game should be a service with recurring charges.
Ideally, Bobby says exactly works for Fortnite.
Act Def says Fortnite is popular and making money.
Do the Fortnite so we can get more money.
That quote attributed to investors.
But then you can't sell your game for $60.
Like if Fallout 76 was a free to play game and they wanted to go the Fortnite route,
I think people wouldn't be so harsh about the, you know,
the $99 subscription fee or anything else.
I'm sorry. A Fortnite is not a $60 game.
It's the problem is that it's like, here's a $60 game.
Oh, and then we want to sell you these cosmetics.
They're like $20 each. Oh, and then we want you to buy this shit.
Oh, and then we want you to buy a $99 subscription service to a game that like
is this going to be even functioning in a year?
I mean, like, why why should I drop $99 on this game?
Like, I don't know.
And look, I do understand to an extent that there's going to be boardroom
pressure to mirror the successes of other games.
But like Fortnite started from somewhere.
Why not create the next big thing in gaming?
Because believe it or not, you know, every year
we're talking about these new games, these new things that happen in gaming.
They come from somewhere.
And I feel like, you know, I think Fallout 76 is kind of a gone thing at this point.
But let's say this Starfield or this Elder Scrolls six comes out.
If Elder Scrolls six is a great fucking game,
then that's what people are going to be talking about.
And people are going to want to play it and talk about it.
But look, it's like, OK, if you want to compare your game to Fortnite
and you want to compare, you know, like how they have it.
Don't just look at the microtransactions.
Look at how the game plays. The game is polished.
The game doesn't have that many bugs in it.
Fallout 76 was fucking broken when it came out there.
You cannot compare it.
You can't say, well, we're going to put
we're going to set the same same type of shop
and we're going to have the same type of success.
You got to have the good game to get the people there,
the one to actually play your game, because right now it's fucking broken
and just promises of like roadmaps of and that's the bad thing about it.
It's like a lot of these games of service stuff, even with Anthem,
have these roadmaps because they come out incomplete, broken pieces of rush shit.
And then now it's like, oh, but we promise we'll get, you know, better later.
Pay us another hundred dollars.
I mean, fuck that.
Why should I waste my time?
Bobby Blackwell in chat says wasn't Final Fantasy 14, 60 dollars
and then a monthly fee.
To be fair, I think it was 40 dollars and then a monthly fee.
But I think it is worth saying there are two games, maybe three.
If you want to get technical, they can get away with doing that right now
that can charge an upfront fee and then a monthly fee on top of that.
But it didn't stop everybody else from trying to mirror that. Right.
Hello. What was it?
Rift. Hello. God, there's so many other tabula rasa.
Star Wars, Old Republic,
Elder Scrolls Online and all these games that tried to do the same thing and flopped
and credit games, two games have succeeded with that model.
And there's a little difference, too, because we understand with I'm putting
eleven and fourteen in the same bucket.
We understand that like a game like Final Fantasy 14 is an MMO,
which I know you could say that, you know, well,
Anthem and these other games could be like an MMO.
But I believe that Final Fantasy and I know that was the case for eleven.
They're not selling cosmetic items.
It's that monthly fee.
That's your price to entry. Incorrect. OK.
But they're not shoving it down your throat. Correct.
Like these other games. Correct. OK.
Eleven didn't sell cosmic items.
That's all I have to go by.
No, fourteen definitely does.
But like it's a fucking fat cat as a mount, like it's fucking adorable.
And they I mean, they do say that.
But so does Wow Wow has their mount store, too.
So they and they sell expansions.
So it is it's a different model than this game to the service.
But here's the thing. It's like the games of service stuff.
Like you have Fortnite, which is free to play.
And then they have their, you know, season pass or not their passes,
but they're kind of different
seasons that they do with different things that you can get for loot
and you can pay for skins and stuff like that.
So they have that model.
Then they have the model where you buy the game and you play online
and there's other like cosmetics and stuff.
And then you have like subscription services and stuff.
Fallout 76 wants to do all of those models at once.
And that's where it's fucked up.
And here's the thing also about 14 that's very unique is that
the original product came out. It was garbage.
The company had to apologize for it and they fixed it.
And, you know, I know not everybody is going to understand this or believe this.
But this this is a hill I'm willing to die on.
This is this is a hill.
I'm going to I'm going to die on this hill. I'm dying.
I'm dying on my hill.
Final Fantasy 14. That was my microphone.
Killing Pikachu.
Final Fantasy 14, I'm dead.
But I wanted to say my final words on my tombstone are Final Fantasy
14 has some of the best story in any MMO or any Final Fantasy game.
Put it on my tombstone, pepperoni and sausage.
All right. Now I want pizza. Thanks, Rob.
And that's why Final Fantasy 14 gets away with it.
And in many ways, World of Warcraft is the same thing.
It's got a story that many,
many people love and adore, and they've made their guildmates and all this stuff.
And it's it's their life.
And I mean that in a negative way, like when Alan and I were first dating,
we used to quest in World of Warcraft and that was like our date.
I know it sounds weird, but that's the type of stuff you do
when you have like long distance between you sometimes.
And so like, you know, World of Warcraft
had a really engrossing story where you could do things like that, too.
I think that's why in particular, those two games have gotten away with it
as well as they have, because they're both extremely polished games.
So anyway.
Moving on, where were we?
Oh, it was that it on Fallout 76? Yes.
OK, let's move on before I before I die again.
Let's rather you not die.
Let's talk about Death Stranding, because that game is kind of like
going to be the hot new thing of this week.
And the reviews are finally coming out on Death Stranding.
And we finally kind of fucking know what the game is.
And it sounds like Death Stranding.
I still don't know what it is after hearing the reviews.
It's Fetch Quest is what Death Stranding is.
It's Fetch Quest, the game.
It's Amazon Delivery Boy, the game with babies, with babies.
But it sounds like Amazon babies.
It sounds like it's obviously I'm oversimplifying it.
It sounds very interesting that you have to kind of like actually balance yourself
as you're going through terrain because of the big load that you're carrying.
But, you know, you have to like be very careful not to fall in the baby.
Yeah, or kill the baby or I don't know, things like that.
It's interesting because the more and more I read these reviews about like, wow,
this game story is up its own ass so deep.
I'm all I'm like more and more like I really want to play it.
Yeah, I kind of do too.
The more I hear about like Kojima has successfully eaten his own ass
in a video game and he's put it on screen for us all to enjoy.
I'm like, I want to play that.
This self-indulgent garbage.
It's art. I want to play it.
It is time to indulge in some Kojima ass.
It kind of is like the more and more I hear people hating on this game.
I'm like, it sounds awesome.
Like when somebody said, what was the review?
I read somewhere where it was like,
it's the classiest walking simulator you'll ever play.
I'm like, I love walking simulators.
There was one. There was one I read.
I got to find the
I got to find the quote.
It was something about like it was from a giant ball.
They had they had a great quote.
I'll get this for you.
But it was oh, here we go.
Giant ball with death stranding.
Johnny Woofay in our chat says,
I have my life size baby in a jar with absurd game preordered.
That's where I'm at.
I'm at this point where I'm like, OK,
like I can appreciate really bad cinema.
Like if this is that like as a game, I'm kind of into it.
Like right now, I can't believe I'm saying this,
especially after giving this game shit for so many years of like,
where's the game? Right.
Like now I'm like, I kind of now that I know what the game is
and that it's apparently really ridiculous, I really want it.
I don't know what it is. I can't explain it.
That sounds a lot like me winning my pink Game Boy advance.
I don't like pink, but I wanted it for reasons.
Bobby Black Wolf with this comment says,
apparently it's the Dark Souls of Walking.
A little rock can trip you up if you don't hold L2 and R2
perfectly. The Dark Souls of Walking?
That is put that on the box.
That's amazing.
The Dark Souls of Walking.
Uh, where's that quote?
I got to find it. It was hilarious when I read it.
Here we go. Jeff Gerstmann, 2019.
It's part American Truck Simulator, but also QWOP.
I fucking love QWOP. Let's do this.
Oh, my God. I can't wait for Death Stranding.
This is really fucking ridiculous.
Don't you kind of want it, though?
I know. I told you already that I want it.
I don't even know what the game...
Look, look, even Dark Sakura, even the harshest of harsh in this house,
even her cold black recently operated heart.
They didn't work on my heart.
That's what you were unconscious.
They might have. Even she is like, I'm kind of into Death Stranding
all of a sudden.
It's not an all of the sudden thing.
I was already really into it.
I still don't know what it's about.
I'm just going to have my psychological fix for what I'm lacking
from Silent Hill not existing in real life anymore.
Loki, we're going to explain what this game is about.
Look at me, Loki. Look at me. Look at me.
The Dark Souls of walking.
It's a metaphor.
As all Kojima things are, it's a metaphor.
Tiger Claw on chat says, Who knows?
Death Stranding could be your game of the year for 2019.
It might be. But isn't that going to be interesting
if it ends up winning awards at the game awards?
How's that going to work?
I should also. Jeff Keeley's in the game and he produces the game awards.
Like, aren't they going to say shenanigans if this game wins?
I mean, it could also be the violent diarrhea of video games.
No, but we won't know until we try it.
It's like ice cream.
You look at the ice cream, you think, wow, that could be really bad for me.
This is really rich and I'm lactose intolerant. Right.
But you eat the ice cream, not knowing if it maybe has some acidophilus
strains in there that will help offset the the lactose.
But then again, you might also have violent diarrhea because of it.
That's Death Stranding.
Potential violent diarrhea, but delicious while you're consuming it.
Did she just say never mind, Eurogamer calls it Hideo Kojima's
first post Metal Gear game is a messy, indulgent vanity project,
but also true original. I'll go for it.
Yeah, I'm all about vanity projects anyway.
I mean, Madonna's Madam X was kind of a vanity project as well, right?
Kinda.
Why, why, orange hat is asking, why is the diarrhea violent?
Apparently, you're not lactose intolerant.
All right, moving on.
I think, wow, look at that.
Wait, wait, wait.
My stream deck just showed we just lost three viewers.
Good job there, Sakura.
You know what, they can get over it.
All right, moving on. You know what?
They'll just have to rejoin and watch that pre roll ad and we'll get the coin.
All right, moving on.
Dr. Sakura, fucking get us back on topic topic like we ever had one.
So how about something that doesn't have anything to do with violent diarrhea?
Nintendo Switch.
It actually has already, of course, surpassed the Nintendo 64 sales in April.
And now it looks like over the holidays, it's going to pass over the SNES for sales.
It will need 7.43 million more sales to pass the sales figures of the Super Nintendo.
And I mean, in last year, the Switch sold 9.41 million units.
So two quarters to go.
We need to see what's going to happen.
So that means it's right now 11 million away from its target, which is by fiscal year ending in March 2020,
which would be 18 million Switch units.
So, of course, we also have the Switch Lite, you know, definitely cutting into the expense of the full unit.
I mean, but, you know, they've also been doing just really quality games.
I mean, not just, you know, Link's Awakening that just came out, like, not long ago.
But there's the Fire Emblem, Three Houses got great reviews.
You know, it's a pretty great system.
And on top of that, it's very versatile because you can carry it with you and play it on your big screen,
which is what everybody wanted.
So there you go.
Yeah, and Nintendo Switch is great.
And it's so weird to think that, like, it's at the point where there's going to be more of those out there than there were
Super Nintendo, because it always feels like Super Nintendo is like the greatest system of all time.
I still feel that in my heart.
But maybe that's because I was 12 years old and Super Nintendo was like the new thing.
And so I think whatever system like you associate with like your junior high and your early high school,
like formative years, you're going to think is the greatest console of all time, too, probably.
Well, I don't know. Maybe. I don't know.
There's always the Sega Saturn.
But anyway, I'm just I'm kind of like, oh, it's weird to think that we're already at a point where the Switch is
going to outsell that. But that also is because more and more people are gaming.
Right. You know, like the only people that don't understand gaming at this point are boomers.
OK, boomer. Yeah, you would be surprised.
No, I know. And I'm just I just wanted an opportunity to make a cheap joke at the boomers expense.
But I think I think more and more even and even in that age group are getting into gaming.
And I think more and more people gaming is just a part of culture now and is is a part of art art that we partake in.
So it's just interesting, like how fast the switch has hit that point when it sometimes felt like, oh,
there's nothing could ever top the Super Nintendo, even though actually a lot of systems have since taught the Super Nintendo in sales.
Yeah. So anyway, by the way, do you know why I started smirking while you were reading that story?
Because I realized the whole point of me bringing up Death Stranding was to tell you guys that, oh, yeah, it's also coming out on PC.
And you forgot to mention that.
And I never mentioned what the actual story was about.
It was up on the. So we're clear just to back up a little bit here.
Oh, yes. Death Stranding is to get a PC release.
Yes, that was that was the original point of the summer 2020.
Yes. If if the PlayStation 4, for whatever reason, you still have one.
You're like, oh, I'm going to skip it.
I'm going to wait for PlayStation five or you're just a strictly a PC gamer.
Well, guess what? Death Stranding will also be out on PC next year from what?
Five or five games is doing it right.
Some people are actually pissed off about this news because they were promised that it would be a PlayStation exclusive.
And now they're very.
Why are you mad at something that's not exclusive?
I don't I don't know.
How dare you get to play the game?
I like to on another platform. Damn it.
I think it's a fanboy thing.
Like when you've been defending Sony and all this stuff all this time and you're like, well, they're the ones that OKed it.
I I mean, if you think about it, are you mad that like, you know,
Detroit become human and all those other aquatic dream games are on Epic Store?
I was at first, but then I didn't care.
At first I was afraid.
I was such a no stop it.
But yeah, I don't I don't.
Maybe somebody in our chat wants to give insight on that because I just don't think that way.
I'm just like, yeah, more people get to play the game. That's cool.
And honestly, the PlayStation still has a big old six month window for people to experience.
The Dark Souls of walking all to themselves.
So I can't wait to check out the Dark Souls.
I don't know. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says they are afraid this means that Sony isn't committed to the console.
What the news about the PlayStation five didn't show that the PlayStation four is has has a lifespan.
The PlayStation five is indeed coming.
I don't I honestly like to to Bobby's point and everybody else out there,
like Sony kind of has to be a little more committed to PC because of where Microsoft is positioning themselves,
because Microsoft is about to step into this world where it's going to be.
You know, Xbox is more the ecosystem that you experience either on your PC or on your television via an Xbox console as a delivery or via the cloud.
I actually would go so far as to say it would be foolish of Sony to not consider getting in on the PC side of things as well and finding that right partner to do so.
That maybe isn't necessarily Microsoft or depends how they want to play that game.
So anyway. All right, let's move on.
Loki, let's talk about games that won't happen.
And this is not the first time this has happened.
But EA has canceled NBA 2K20 or NBA, I'm sorry, NBA Live 20.
I can't believe I'm confused at what two NBA franchises are out there.
But yes, NBA Live 20 is not coming out.
They said we're not launching a new NBA Live HD product this season.
Instead, we are expanding our vision, learning are leaning hard into the new leading edge platforms and taking the time to ensure we deliver against the opportunity for our players.
So maybe extra time to, I don't know, develop for the new platforms that come in next year.
I mean, that's good, I guess, instead of just rehashing, you know, roster update 2020 or something like that.
Yeah, it would be very disappointing if like the PlayStation 5 version was just like the PlayStation 4 copied with some upgrades.
So if they're taking the year off to really bring us like a really souped up NBA, because I could see this, you know, as much as we here at OLR don't always get into the sports games, you know, we don't do the deep dive on those all the time.
Although I don't know, like, I still love NBA Jam.
And, you know, there's always going to be Tecmo Bowl.
There's always going to be those sports games that kind of like buck the trend.
Right. Blade and steal.
But the reality is we don't usually do the deep dive on the sports games.
But the reality is when it comes to E3, when it comes to that big press conference or whatever it is where Sony is going to unveil the new console and so forth, it is going to help them to be able to show off.
Look how pretty the sports ball is, because there are a lot of people out there that the consoles are, it's their Madden machine.
It's their NBA machine.
These are the games they fucking play.
Live has been kind of think they're weaker of the sports franchises that they had.
I mean, really, 2K kind of rules the NBA franchises stuff.
But I don't know.
I know it's been kind of iffy in the past and 2K kind of gives it a run for its money.
But 2K has been kind of second to some folks and I don't I have really low standards for sports games.
Some folks in chatter are quick to bring up WWE 2K20, which no, no, no, I know that's a hot piece of shit.
I mean, I've seen the videos, so yes.
And that's what happens when you have no competition.
It's just it's completely fucked.
It's the Dark Souls of wrestling games, the challenge, playing it.
It's just it's it's all sorts of messed up.
Yeah, all right, well, I pour one out, I guess, for NBA Live 20.
But I mean, if it makes the next NBA game that much better, I think we can do I think we can go one year without.
I think it'll be OK, so we'll see what happens.
Anyway, let's move on and talk a little bit about since we're talking about the next round of consoles,
our next story has to do a little bit with the next round of Xbox and what Microsoft might have in store.
And one of the people that's going to be helping them out with the development of games to their console, it's Ubisoft.
Apparently, Ubisoft is developing five games for Microsoft's new console.
This is from an earnings call where Yves Guillemot, I hope I said his name right, who is the Ubisoft CEO.
He announced that they are working on five games for Microsoft's next Xbox console.
Three of the five titles are Watch Dogs, Legion, Gods and Monsters and Rainbow Six Quarantine.
They've talked about these games previously.
For example, I know that Watch Dogs was a big part of their E3 this year.
So these three games will be released both on Xbox one and the Project Scarlet, whatever that is.
But apparently the other two games have yet to be announced.
Now, the only other thing about this whole thing is that I thought all Scarlet games were still going to work on the old Xbox hardware.
I thought that was the thing that Microsoft promised.
Or was that only for their own games and they can't talk about third parties?
Did I misinterpret that?
I thought, I don't know.
So to be determined, well, we really won't know until they unveil the console because they could change any of the rules, quite frankly.
It should also be noted Ubisoft has delayed several games that they've been working on.
And this could be part of the reason for the delay is that developers now have time to create next-gen versions of the game because we're in this interesting little in-between period.
I don't know.
But it should also be mentioned that as part of this earnings call, only Xbox Scarlet was mentioned, not PlayStation 5.
Ubisoft has typically supported both.
So this could mean something.
It could mean nothing.
We don't really know until they officially unveil these things outside of just an earnings call where they're trying to tell the investors we're working on something, but we can't get all the details just yet.
So, interesting.
We'll see what develops from here.
But I don't know, anything you guys are reading in the tea leaves about this with Ubisoft working on the next Xbox, but not being so explicit about PlayStation or any of this?
And I open this up to the chat room as well for your thoughts.
I don't, I'm so sick of rumors.
I mean, I...
Well, to be fair, this isn't a rumor.
It's on an earnings call.
It's just like, what do you read into it?
But still, I don't want to read anything into it until I have something concrete.
I mean, that's really how I am with any of this stuff now, because we've been burned before trying to follow this.
So I'm really just reserving judgment.
Some comments from our chat.
Questbuster says those are the same three games that they delayed following Breakpoint's less than stellar reception.
Yeah, the Breakpoint game did not quite live up to the expectations they were hoping for.
So, you know, but I mean, every studio has that one game, it seems like, that doesn't seem to go over so well.
So I don't know, maybe, but certainly they don't want to do it again.
We'll see.
So, all right, moving on.
Let's get into our next story, Dark Sakura.
Wheel.
Speaking of things that are getting out, Kohl's has their Black Friday 2019 ad leaked.
It's got stuff in it that's very interesting.
So their deals are going to be actually pretty good.
I think last year's were really good too.
But right now is, you know, they've also been pretty universal for what they do.
So what their Black Friday promotion is right now is that you get $15 in Kohl's cash for every $50 that you spend.
And so this means that when you put that along with your doorbusters, you're getting like another like 60 to whatever bucks that you can spend on other things too.
I mean, not that I'm putting theirs up, but theirs was the leaked list.
So for the doorbusters that they're having this year is a PS4 one terabyte Fortnite Neo versa bundle for $200 with $60 in Kohl's cash.
So effectively, when you apply that cash to it, it's $139.99.
Xbox One S one terabyte with Jedi Fallen Order for $200, again with the same deal.
And then a switch with a carrying case and controller charging dock for $319.99 with $90 in their Kohl's cash.
So $229.99.
The Jedi Fallen Order bundle looks like it's probably going to be the big one a lot of people go to, but the switch one is pretty okay, especially with, you know, the incentive of their little Kohl's cash deal.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I think a switch is normally about $300 anyway.
But yeah, if you're like, you're like, oh, I want to buy new clothes on top of it.
It's a pretty good like the cash back or whatever the Kohl's card or whatever it's called.
It's pretty, pretty good deal.
And it doesn't it looks like the that not everyone's going to be super aggressive on it.
Because I think that people are already kind of agro on winning the the new the systems anyway, if they're going to buy them, they're going to buy them.
Yeah, I was gonna say this is this is I mean, and this is this year is the swan song apparently for these consoles, because next year we'll be talking about PlayStation five, whatever the next Xbox is a come the holidays.
So I mean, that's a real like they're that's a deep discount on both those consoles.
So if you have stopped for you have still not got on board, which is fine.
And not every gamer has that kind of income to buy the latest and greatest consoles.
Sometimes you have to get your games to garage, which is pretty steady.
And that's fine. But these Yeah, these consoles are a way to get on board if you you know, and especially now with the rich libraries, both these platforms have
Well, both I'm talking about the switch. That's three.
Well, well, but this is also a little newer, which isn't spot
They're not really advertising, they're not really pushing anything super aggressive for their marketing for the switch, because they know the switch is going to be a seller.
I mean, that's just going to go without saying, but I mean, the other two, I don't know that that's really a super aggressive.
Like deal for either of those either.
I mean, I said, I'm repeating my words now.
But I'm really I'm not really convinced that that's like the most aggressive way they can push it like as the we need you to buy these because they're going to be gone, blah, blah, blah.
I don't think I don't get that feel off of it.
Well, and but to be fair, this is also only the first of what is many Black Friday postings to come.
And, you know, the rest of the holidays as well.
You know, this is going to be the time still sub 200 is a pretty, pretty darn good way to get in to both these systems.
So, yeah, I'm sure the deals are just going to be even better at other places, too.
So it's that time of year when we get into the sales.
I can't believe November's like already here.
It's crazy. My mommy's birthday's in two days and I don't know what to get her.
Well, happy early birthday. Get her Nintendo Switch.
I'm just kidding. My mom would be like, maybe I'll get her an NES.
Well, I mean, you can always get a device.
I mean, as silly as it is to have a PlayStation or an Xbox, she wouldn't be into it.
But you could you use them as media centers, but maybe she's already got a Blu-ray player for my brother.
Yeah. And I was going to say maybe a Roku or something like that is a better I'll send her an S.
Yeah. She used to sneak into my room and play mine enough.
Oh, there you go. Now, get her one of the NES classics, if you can find one.
We'll see. All right. We'll see.
All right. Well, moving on to something that is sunsetting.
It's no longer going to be around.
And actually, I got to say, this one kind of surprises me, kind of doesn't.
Oh, I'm sorry. This is your story, Loki. My bad.
I was like bringing it up going. Oh, hold on.
Yes. So apparently PlayStation Vue is going to be done at the end of January.
So it was there Sony's kind of TV offering, and I did try it out for a little bit.
Wasn't all that impressed, especially when Comedy Central went away.
And apparently it just hasn't been doing that well, I guess.
So they said that for the inactive paid subscriptions will receive their final charge for PlayStation Vue in December 2019.
Unless they cancel prior to their billing date, they'll be able to watch until January 30th.
Well, yeah, they said they're going to remain focused on their core gaming business instead of this.
Interesting way to set the tone in advance of the PlayStation V, because I would have thought, oh, maybe.
I mean, I realize PlayStation Vue has not been doing so hot, especially because they have not been landing the right channels.
Yeah, it's been kind of like, yeah.
Yeah. So, you know, and maybe that has more to do with the general shift with people are kind of canceling their cable in favor of piecemealing the Netflix, Hulu, CBS, Disney, all this stuff.
Somebody added it all up. It's like 90 bucks if you want to get everything that's out there right now, a month.
So but anyway, people are kind of piecemealing what they want that way.
I don't know if it has to do with the cable going away or whatever, but it's going to be interesting when the PlayStation V kind of rolls out.
Like, is there going to be an emphasis on TV and media and that sort of thing?
We all know famously when the Xbox One was debuted.
And this was part of the reason that, you know, they kind of got shit for that reveal, especially Don Mattrick, because the message from that early, early reveal, if you guys remember, was TV, TV, sports, sports, sports.
But I don't even know if the Xbox One ever, like, kind of fulfilled that promise that they were going to do with like their even like the Windows Universal apps and stuff like that.
They had to dial back that whole introduction, remember?
Yeah, but yeah, but even like with the Windows 10 Universal apps, do they have like the support that they promised to have in there?
Because like I thought there was supposed to be all this additional functionality being added to the Xbox One with those Universal Windows platform apps that were supposed to run on the Xbox One natively.
But I don't think that ever happened to I mean, I know Skype and stuff sort of works in there, but I don't think there's been like a large support for that.
I don't think so either, but it's probably something that just isn't a priority right now while we wait on the next Xbox. That's my guess.
Some people are going to miss view, by the way, because you know, in chat says I'm going to miss view.
It was great. It had HBO, Cinemax, Starz, all the Disney channels.
Just scroll off it.
Darn it.
Disney's not going to be on there anymore.
It had picture in picture.
The basic plan was worth it.
All they were missing was Viacom, but no one watches MTV and all that trash.
Well, Disney is not going to be on there anymore, I'm assuming, so they're going to lose that.
And then who knows?
I mean, the other ones.
Yeah, by the way, Bobby wants to point out there has been support for that, what you're talking about.
That's how Antstream Arcade is on Xbox One.
For instance, it's the same Universal Windows app that's on PC.
HoloLens will also run the Universal Windows app.
Does Antstream work on HoloLens?
That's kind of kind of silly, but fun.
So, OK, so that's so I guess they can.
That actually does that does make sense because there have been other things I've played on PC that are just like 360 or excuse me, Xbox One.
So, yeah, interesting.
Anyway, let's move on now.
Loki kind of stole the thunder on this earlier, but that's OK, because this is more of a silly, quick thing.
But the official trademarks have been filed for PlayStation six, seven, eight, nine and 10.
That's right.
Trademark applications have been submitted for PlayStation six through 10 in Japan.
Obviously, they already did five.
But you know what? PlayStation can keep this naming convention all the way through PlayStation 10 if they want.
And I fully look forward to the wonderful gaming articles we'll see once the PlayStation nine comes around based on the original commercials that they had.
Oh, yeah.
Dark Tetsuya linked that old commercial.
I didn't I thought it was a little bit too much of a deep dive to play here, but you can Google it if you want.
And it is interesting, there was a commercial around the PlayStation two era that was trying to show off.
Here's what the PlayStation nine will be like.
And it was trying to show like the future of gaming.
And I think the whole point of the commercial was the future starts here with the upgrade from PlayStation to PlayStation two.
And then they set this path for PlayStation nine.
That was, you know, that was the holodeck, basically, as gaming gets one one step closer and closer to the holodeck.
So, yeah, it is interesting to note that PlayStation may keep these naming conventions all the way through PlayStation 10.
Of course, they don't have to trademark these names and not, you know, there's nothing making them do that.
So it's it's a little bit of a nonstarter starter, but people are, you know, making some jokes about it.
And that's why I made a little joke about it in the sidebar with my extreme enthusiasm for this news.
But it should be noted that Sony does have a history of future proofing the console strategy in 2006, which was the year that PlayStation three was released.
That is when they trademarked both PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
So PlayStation five was confirmed 14 years ago from when it's going to be released, basically.
So anyway, not to you know, at PlayStation has that mechanism.
It works for them. So why not?
Bonds 006 in our chat says name squatting.
It's not so much squatting when it's you doing it, but I can also see where they want to prevent other people from doing it.
But at the same time, I don't think I could just go in there and say, oh, I'm going to go trademark PlayStation 11 because they haven't gotten to that one yet.
Like, I wouldn't pass the test because Sony would be able to challenge that and it would cost me a lot of money in fees unless I had used the name PlayStation somewhere else.
So it would be it would be very, very silly.
But I do get what you're saying, like domain squatting and all that stuff is a very serious issue out there.
And, you know, something that is a bigger problem on the Internet, but bigger than we get into right now.
But what we can get into right now is a much simpler time.
Why? Why? Why talk about the PlayStation six or the PlayStation 10?
Well, we can all go all go back to an era before even the PlayStation one, a very good go back to something that didn't come out in America.
That's right. We can go all the way back.
So every week, Dark Soccer likes to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking this out, the classic game of the week.
But once a month, Dark Soccer has to find a soundtrack as she mixes it up a little bit and does the classic soundtrack of the month.
And since we've been gone for so long, I think we hopped from soundtrack to soundtrack.
Right. Because I kind of did we did we get a September or excuse me, do we get an October soundtrack?
I think we did. Yeah, I'd have to look.
But I could always do another one, whatever.
I know. Well, anyway, I'll go check our wiki because they know more about the show than I do.
But I know we have a classic soundtrack of the month tonight.
And this is this is interesting because you're still seeing with your eight bit theme, but you went to a very different console.
I did, because, I mean, most of the people are familiar more with the NES of this.
But I think the better soundtrack is on the MSX, too.
And so, of course, I picked Metal Gear, kind of on a weird Kojima kick for reasons I can't imagine why.
Well, it's art, explosive diarrhea anyway.
But anyway, and I specifically went, though, for the MSX one, because the MSX two really did have a much better sound processor.
I mean, it was a damn computer, for fuck's sake.
So I mean, but I really enjoy the music.
It actually said that it's had a three person composer team of Mizutani Iku, Take no Uchi Shigahiru and Furukawa Motouaki.
And then I wouldn't say that the the NES version was a bad translation, but it wasn't all that good.
So going back to Mizutani, he actually did quite a bit of music for other games and created the sound driver at Natsume
and did a lot of work for the Super Nintendo.
But other games he did was Russian Attack.
Of course, there's Metal Gear.
There was Snatcher for PC-88, Snatcher for MSX.
I'm looking for a few other games that people might know better.
Shatterhand, he did some Sentai games.
Dragon Fighter, quite a few other ones.
Renegade, sound director.
And then Furukawa did looks like worked on Gradius and Salamander.
So I mean, we got some pretty good talent working on this game before some of the other titles came out.
And as for the MSX itself, the audio for it was actually really, really good.
They had MSX audio, which was released.
So it had the Yamaha Y8950, nine channels of FM or six channels of FM and five drums had hardware acceleration to bump up the sample rate to 256k for audio RAM.
So I mean, it was really just a good little machine for when it came out.
And a lot of the music ability was standard for all the MSX Turbo-R computers.
But it was built in on all the MSX2 systems.
So really good music.
And I think that Metal Gear being such an early title for Kojima, he had such in-depth direction over the whole game that you can feel his influence in with the music composition as well.
I mean, really, it's one of, I'd say, the better video game soundtracks out there, not just, you know, for MSX, but in general, it really fit the game.
It brought, you know, the action to life that that music really felt the stuff felt like it belonged to the stealth genre in particular.
So and of course, we got some what, some boss fight music in here.
I thought I had it within that first minute, but I don't have been talking.
Yeah, I think you were talking over it.
But yeah, I mean, I love the boss fight music in this game.
I think the clip I got ends with a boss theme too, but it's like a nine minute clip.
So we may not get there.
And I wouldn't say that the NES music was bad by any...
No, and it's what we all kind of remember too.
It's very interesting how butchered this game was in the US, but yet it still sold so well here.
It sold so well, in fact, that they ended up making that whole Snake's Revenge that like Kojima kind of was like, that wasn't my game.
I wish I could find that documentary that we watched.
But the really interesting thing about it is that like, basically people were like, yeah, this version isn't good.
We want you to do another, please, please, please, please, like fine.
And he did another.
And then, of course, it became really the one of the series that totally pushed his career.
And then, of course, you know, Snatcher didn't really sell that well when it came out, but it, you know, of course, picked up that cult following.
And then we got, you know, the more deluxe versions of Snatcher and then, you know, Policenauts was really out there and then we got Metal Gear Solid.
So, you know, I think that all of those games really, though, have this to thank for it in the direction of just that level of storytelling and the environment that was created.
And I think music goes a long way to creating that environment.
Is there a way to play?
Because I noticed this particular streamer is using like an English version of the MSX.
Oh, yeah, there's translated ROMs out there.
I thought I remember hearing there was a, like, they put the MSX version of Metal Gear in like Metal Gear Solid 3 or something like that.
Yes.
Um, so I remember that was the thing that I heard.
Going back to that.
Because I've never played the MSX version.
I would really like to, just because I loved the original Metal Gear when I was a kid.
But then when I found out, you know, obviously years later that like, holy shit, like they completely changed the last boss in the game to like, I always thought it was weird.
I was like, why is Metal Gear just like this big computer you kill with explosives?
Because they, the mapper they used or something couldn't handle the actual Metal Gear looking mech thing.
So just as an FYI, there was a port of the MSX2 Metal Gear for phones through Konami's NetDX service in Japan as a promo for Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater.
Um, and it, uh, the updated port also, uh, it says it served as a basis for the version included on the second disc of subsistence, which is the expanded edition of Metal Gear Solid 3 for PS2 and then HD edition for PS3 also included it and the Vita version.
The MSX2 Metal Gear was also released as a virtual console download for Wii in Japan.
Um, the ROM used the, uh, the ROM was used for an emulated rerelease.
Um, so there you go.
Um, and they're confirming that in chat active says, um, MGS3 subsistence has it, uh, Johnny Wu-Fei says it should be on the HD collection.
Yeah.
And I know that, you know, Dan certainly has played through it.
I, I sat and played through it for a little bit, but honestly it's.
If you're in the house and someone else is already playing some of this, or like, why the fuck am I playing it?
But, well, neat, neat to highlight the MSX version too.
So you can hear the differences, especially when I think so many of us are familiar with the NES version, which again, isn't bad.
Uh, but it just wasn't quite the same thing as the MSX version.
So it's kind of interesting to go back to the roots of where the series was at.
Well, and also, I mean, the, there was so much cut out in the, the NES version.
And I think that of course, graphically, the MSX two just ran circles around it.
Cause I mean, hello, it's a computer and it had more capability than the nested.
So, and honestly, I think that if this game had been made originally for NES instead of MSX two, it might not have even gotten the following that it did.
So I think because it has such a big following for MSX two in Japan, that it led the way for the next one.
And then, you know, that's my theory.
I can't articulate it quite well right now because of drugs.
No, you're fine.
All right.
So there it is your classic soundtrack of the month, metal gear, but specifically the MSX version, MSX two, excuse me, version of metal gear.
So there you go.
Um, and I did want to say just to just clarify, I did, I did a little research and the very last OLR we did before the break, you highlighted DuckTales as October's pick for South course.
Yeah, I know what, how much we forget and, uh, three weeks of being gone, but there you go.
So, all right.
I think anymore coffee.
So, all right.
You need more coffee?
Yeah, I think so.
Well, sadly, I don't have a break tonight.
We're going to get right into rapid fire news.
Maybe Alan can help.
Cause I hear Alan just got back.
Oh, Alan, somebody in chat.
Wanted your take on this.
Can you, can I bug you to come on the show?
Come sit on Pikachu's lap.
Okay.
Hi Alan.
It's always nice to have you here.
This is, um, this is my other half Alan.
Hi.
Um, thank you, Matt.
So, uh, so with some, uh, questions in chat, cause we were talking about Diablo earlier in the show and I don't know, have you been following the news that came out of Blizzcon and all that stuff would like Diablo and all that?
Not with Diablo.
I just know that it's a thing.
They finally are given a Diablo four.
Well, cause you were super into Diablo three.
So somebody in our chat specifically asked, what was Alan's take on Diablo four?
I haven't seen any, like, I've never seen this.
Oh, you didn't even look at this game play trail or anything?
Well, now that you've seen, I mean, it's, it's Diablo, but look, druids, they have druids now and he turns into a bear.
He goes rawr and he smashes everybody.
Well, I mean, it's kind of, I mean, it's probably like witch doctor reskinned a little bit or barbarian reskinned a little bit.
Like, I mean, there's only so many powers, but however, like I'm, I'm not being a hater.
It's just, you know,
Oh, that's okay.
So you're just not well-researched on Diablo.
What have you been playing then?
I'll bug you on that real quick.
Um, I've been playing lots of, uh, I mentioned this last time I was on the show, um, doom with project brutality three.
I've been playing, uh, postal too.
Cause I found that is random.
What made you get into postal too?
Cause I can't not associate that series with the terrible movie.
Well, um, is that guy still around that director?
Uwe Boll?
Yeah.
He pretty much got laughed out of the industry.
Okay.
It's fine.
Um, because I watch, I basically, I subscribe to a bunch of modding channels, like Skyrim.
Watches a lot of YouTube guys.
Yeah.
Like I have YouTube red because I, I forget that you're the only person I know with YouTube red.
Well, it's wait.
Look, he wants to jump in.
I like to add as of 2016, Uwe Boll is no longer a film producer.
He's a restaurant tour and he's a food.
He's a food critic.
Oh boy.
Anyway, get him on, um, he opened a restaurant called Bauhaus and that makes me happy.
I want to see Gordon Ramsey go to his restaurant.
I was going to say, get him on kitchen nightmares.
Um, so I'm on these YouTube channels that showcase mods.
And when you watch those in your recommended, it will be like mod for whatever.
And then I'm like, Oh, I didn't know that.
Or like, I haven't thought, like, for example, I have a, um,
I haven't looked at Oblivion or Skyrim mods in like three years.
So the next time I go onto the nexus, it's going to be like, Oh, there's 2,500 mods that are neat that I can check out.
That's kind of how I discovered project brutality three for doom.
So I saw something, I saw that, um, they patched in running, running with scissors, patched in.
Um, when you go to the mall to meet Gary Coleman, one of the stores said closed for renovations,
opening October of 20, uh, uh, it was 2016 or 2018 or something.
I, and in 2003, that's funny because that's 13 years from now.
Well, guess what?
It's now 15 years in the future.
So they actually went and made a, well, I guess it's 2016, so we better go patch in.
So I saw that.
And then I realized, Oh, they put out an actual, um, they retcon postal three and they put in an expansion to postal two.
Uh, I think it came out in 2015.
It's called paradise lost.
Um, so yeah, they supported running with scissors, supported postal two with an expansion 13 years after the fact.
And I was like, Oh, that's neat.
So then I fell down that rabbit hole, especially when they're up to like what I see local looking up.
Yes.
But have you played postal four?
No regrets.
I haven't.
I'm going to wait.
Cause right now you pay for early access and they are basically like it's post alpha.
There's not really like there's some quest.
It's obviously they're trying to recapture the, um, uh, the, um, magic, I guess if you'd call it that of postal two, I'm going to, I'm going to let that, I think that if you eat, if you eat raw dough, you'll get sick.
So I'm going to let that bake in the oven for a bit.
Um, it looks, I mean, it looks great for like a proof of concept, but I'm not, I'm not that much of an early adopter.
Um, uh, yeah, so no, it looks neat, but I, I'm going to wait for the mod.
I'm going to abstain.
Well, it doesn't have to be modded necessarily, but I just came out.
Um, but yeah, postal four, no regrets.
Um, uh, yeah.
So, all right.
Well, it's you, you are the mod king of OLR as far as, well, I don't know.
Logie likes mods too, but you really like mods.
I feel like maybe it's just cause I live with you, but you, you are really, it's why, it's why it's like, I, there are other reasons why I don't like to play on console.
Just, I like the coziness of my monitor, my two monitors and being at my desk.
And it's like this little bubble that I'm in where it's playing on a couch in a living room.
Feels weird to me.
Um, cause I will, cause also I like to all tab and like look at Twitter and stuff and not be on my phone.
So I'll just like pause doom and go look at Tumblr or whatever.
Um, I like that you can't really do that on console or you can't do it well.
You have to have a tablet or something.
One other question for you before we move on with the show.
Have you been, uh, I noticed you've been kind of like watching, we have like that giant screen screen that
separates our office sometimes you have to kind of like poke around to see what I'm doing, I'm doing.
And I noticed you've kind of been like surprised, like, Oh, Rob's playing like bloodstain or he's playing
like things that aren't Final Fantasy 14.
Like how, how has that been?
Yeah.
Cause I know, you know, you haven't, I can't really recall what the last new game was.
You were really.
Psych because you have gamer ADD and you'll buy, like you'll buy stuff the week it comes out and then
you'll play it for a couple of days and then you won't play it again.
Drag me, expose me.
And then if I'm like, Oh, Oh, when are you going to be no man's sky or when you're going to beat?
And obviously I'm trolling you and you'll say, never fuck off.
Like, you know, that it's, that was 20 days ago.
I never, I'm literally never playing that again.
Um, so yeah, aside from 14, I don't really know what you've been playing.
So when I saw you play bloodstain, I'm like, Oh, that came out like six months ago.
Why are you, why are you playing that?
You play that, you play that the first week it's out and then never at all.
Cause it was on Xbox game pass.
So it was a chance for me to go back and visit.
I'm not playing it on the switch.
I'm playing it on PC.
Gotcha.
Okay.
It makes sense.
Anyway, we got to get back with the show, but thank you for coming on and giving us your updates.
Appreciate it.
It's been a little bit, so, and, uh, you're coming to New York with me next week, so that'll be fun.
Get to meet some of the listeners.
It sounds like we're going to do that and get, get to see some shows.
So I'm really excited about that.
All right.
Thank you, Alan.
All right.
Let's get into some rapid fire news and talk quickly about some other things happening around the, happening around the industry.
Uh, this week, Loki, it's another month, so there's more free things that you get to look forward to.
So if you are a PlayStation plus subscriber, you'll be getting Neo and Outlast 2 for the games for November.
That's from November 5th through December 3rd.
And then on the Xbox side of things, Sherlock Holmes, the devil's daughter from the first to the 30th and the final station from the 16th through December 15th.
And those are Xbox One games.
And of course the Xbox 360 compatible games, Star Wars, Jedi Starfighter for the first half of November and Joyride Turbo on the second half.
And then last but not least, um, Epic Games has more free games.
Remember to check the back every single week because they've got new games that keep, um, sorting through there or they keep, you know, cycling them through.
This week, of course, uh, to go along with, uh, Halloween, we have Costume Quest and Soma.
So those are free until November 7th.
And then, uh, they think they had next week's listed as well, but I have to pull these up real fast.
But yeah, definitely keep an eye on that.
I tend to grab things even if I have no interest in actually playing them because you never know.
You never know when you might want to do that.
Uh, Nuclear Throne and Ruiner are going to be, um, the week after.
And those actually, I think Ruiner sounded pretty cool.
I think I already have Nuclear Throne though.
I have Soma and Costume Quest on Steam already, but why not?
I have it on all the platforms.
All right.
Uh, moving on, let's talk about The Witcher, which I forgot to mention.
I actually reinstalled Witcher 3 cause I totally forgot to mention on my good old games.
I got on a kick with covert action again.
I just, I had a bug to play Sid Meier's covert action, which I have on GOG.
Um, and so I was playing that a little bit.
I, that's one of my favorite classics.
I'm going to do a covert action stream sometimes so I can explain why I love this game so fucking much.
Uh, but then I was like, once I installed GOG, I was like, Witcher 3, I need to play that again.
And so I actually spent a little bit with Witcher 3 until I got sucked into Bloodstained.
But I need to go back and play more because I got like past the tutorial and I was doing like the first couple of quests.
And, um, yeah, so I didn't even like get into that in my gaming week, but there's just been so many weeks that we've been gone.
But a lot of people are still talking about The Witcher because some more information came out about the Netflix series, which to be fair is not based on the game.
It's based on the books, which also the game was based on.
So it's, it's not directly a video game thing, but then they showed that trailer that has the bathtub scene recreated, which is all anybody ever wanted was for Henry Cavill to recreate the, uh, Geralt bathtub scene.
That will be happening.
In the series, uh, to the delight of many, uh, that will be on December 20th is when The Witcher series is going to be coming out.
Did some of you guys watch that new trailer that came out?
I did.
It did.
Yeah, it looks pretty good.
So, um, I'll be curious.
There was also a panel that they did recently and that the show is going to focus on Ciri and Yennefer more so than Geralt.
So that's kind of interesting because the games focus on Geralt.
So there's already a little bit of a difference right there, but we'll see what happens with that.
Uh, the other thing I had to talk about, we kind of got into already earlier in the show, I will just mention Pokemon sword and shield leaks are out there.
That's right.
Uh, some information is leaking on the new sword and shield games.
Um, again, I want to respect those that are staying away from the leaks, so I'm not going to detail all of those, but if you want to go look out, look at what are all the Gigantamax Pokemon that are in the game.
That information's out there.
It sounds like just before the show, Shane was texting me about the complete Pokedex information is breaking as well as to what Pokemon have been cut and how many Pokemon are there.
Uh, last I heard though, that was still developing as I think it was, there may be more after you beat the game and question mark.
So there may not have the final final version, but at least we have plenty of Pokemon confirmed that are in the game.
So I'll leave it at that.
Um, and then, uh, you can also see some of the new, uh, there's not, uh, uh, I think we all saw the Ponyta or Ponyta.
We saw that new form, the Galar form of that.
There are some Galar form showing up for other Pokemon, and you can go look at those as well.
Uh, the complete evolution line of the three starter Pokemon are out there as well.
If you want to go searching for those on Twitter and look that up as well, the internet has a lot of that stuff out there or just private message Shane directly.
He will be happy to talk your ear off about all of the leaks and all that stuff because this is so funny because he told me, he said, I, the leaks are coming out.
I'm getting off the internet for two weeks cause I can't read any of the leaks.
And then I shit you not like four hours later, I read all the leaks and they'd start getting pictures of all that Pokemon.
And yeah, so that didn't last very long, but that's all right.
I understand these games are just around the corner and some people are getting very excited about it, but the leaks are out there.
So if you're trying to stay away from the leaks, you may have to have a little more restraint than Shane had with that.
You're gonna have to really stay off social media.
In fact, some of that is probably already crossing your dashboard.
So, uh, hope you can avoid that, uh, until the game is out.
Uh, anyway, moving on dark soccer, what do you have?
I have just realized that I can actually understand more Spanish while I'm high as a kite than I can when I'm sober.
I don't know.
It's like how I am when I read French.
Um, but, uh, Soul Calibur getting a new character.
They just revealed, uh, Hilda, who honestly, I totally freaking love her outfit, but she kind of makes me think of Cersei in Game of Thrones chair swords, just with her whole armor and dress and short hair thing.
Um, but anyway, um, there's not a release date, um, for when she's going to be out, but I mean, she looks pretty cool.
Yay.
And then also, um, uh, the outer world, um, has credits that include D and D characters.
That's pretty cool.
I'm actually trying to see, um, uh, yeah.
John Cotto's five, fifth edition campaign have forever after like, okay, well, if you're D and D I have trouble, I've actually written stories based off of D and D characters.
I think that's why they were credited because I think they were playing D and D to get inspiration for their game.
And so, because like, you know, and they actually had characters that died in their thing and they, uh, they have a whole tribute section in their credits.
I think a lot of it is supposed to be for real people, uh, that passed during the making of the game, but they kind of gave the nod to the D and D characters too, because their D the D and D campaigns creatively shaped.
What ended up being the outer world.
So I just thought it was kind of funny.
Like, you know, you don't always see like fake characters credited in games, but I thought it was cute.
Well, honestly though, there, how there's a lot of, let me start over.
Okay.
There's a lot of stories out there that are based off of people's role plays and fan fiction.
I mean, yes, 50 Shades of Shit was based off of, you know, Twilight fan fiction.
But I mean, if you want to go back further, one of my favorite anime series ever and novel now that I'm reading, Record of Lodoss War was built off of a tabletop role play game.
So, I mean, just as an example, some of the characters that I'm putting into the novel that I'm working, I'm not officially doing the national novel writing thing, but I'm starting on our remote or whatever.
Yeah, whatever it is.
I'll try this November.
It's supposed to be not a pod mode for some people to the daily podcast thing.
I always say I'm going to do that some year and then I forget.
Oh, at any rate, I, uh, words, um, God, I can't speak D and D.
Yeah.
Um, but there are characters from old D and D campaigns of mine that are totally ending up in my story.
So same.
Uh, pixel pox, uh, pixel pockets and chat says daily podcast.
Yeah, it's more, it's not so much for like gaming podcasters and news related things, but there's a lot of like personal podcasts out there.
That was a rabbit hole.
I fell down some time ago and I thought it was very fascinating.
Like, especially like some, uh, folks in the LGBTQ plus community that I know, like had like daily podcasts that were more like, they're almost like blogs maybe, but they're like audio blogs.
And so there would be some folks that would do these that would participate in this daily, you know, November thing where they basically putting out a podcast every day.
And it was just, it was interesting.
It was like hearing somebody read their live journal entries, but they were kind of like talking through it.
I, I always thought a podcast like that might be interesting, but I don't, I also don't think I'm that interesting, but I thought maybe if I had like some topics I could talk about every day where I could like mix in like, here's my life and here's my funniest moment from the second grade or something.
Like I could maybe fill out 30 days, but then I, then I'm like, eh, I should take that energy and focus on the podcast I have or several.
Cause I mean, there's been, oftentimes I have two or three podcasts running at once, but you know.
Oh, we still have things to talk about.
I know there's, and there's always more ideas out there on the table.
That's for sure.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that will be coming out very, very soon.
We'll start in the U S Loki.
He has lots of stuff.
So just stands 2020 coming out on the Wii Nintendo switch PlayStation four X-Box one and Stadia.
That's right.
Isn't Stadia right around the corner, the 19th question mark, uh, Mario and Sonic at the Olympic games, Tokyo 2020 on Nintendo switch.
Planet zoo on the PC red dead redemption two on PC, uh, volferrous on PlayStation four death, stranding on PlayStation four Disney zoom, zoom festival on Nintendo switch.
Goloma on PlayStation four Layton's mysterious or mystery journey.
Um, cat real and the millionaires conspiracy deluxe edition on Nintendo switch.
That's a mouthful there.
Need for speed heat on PC PlayStation four and X-Box one new super lucky tale on Nintendo switch and volferrous also coming to X-Box one.
All right.
Heading over to Japan, uh, looking at the PlayStation four, uh, death stranding is clearly the big release this week in Japan as well.
Uh, there's also a brand new PlayStation four, like a, it's a like one terabyte, a PlayStation four pro one terabyte hard drive death stranding limited edition also coming out in Japan, which I think we're also getting anyway here in the U S so it's, I don't think there's any major differences between the two.
Uh, but death stranding is the big release.
There are a few other minor releases in Japan this week, such as a Fortnite dark fire bundle.
I don't know if Fortnite quite enjoys the same popularity in Japan, but they do have a localized version of it themselves.
So you can pick up the dark file fire bundle, which I guess would be more like physical release of the game.
You can pick that up for about 30 bucks, uh, but the equivalent in yen, uh, over in Japan this week.
Uh, and then I think that's, I think that's really it.
Oh, there's a need for speed game this week too in Japan.
Need for speed heat is also out this week in Japan.
That's for PlayStation four looking quickly at Nintendo switch.
I just want to make sure I'm not missing anything there.
Uh, the Fortnite bundle is there as well.
And then there is a, this is a mouthful.
You're ready for this Sumiko Gurashi, the movie.
Oh, that's, I have a notebook with those little animals on it.
Yeah.
The pop-up book and the secret child.
Let's play the worlds of picture books in a game.
That is the full title that is out on the switch this week, as well as the fruit labyrinth and Eden of Grisaia full package.
I don't know some people like a full package, the fruit, the labyrinth.
Oh, it's an anime game.
Of course it is.
Of course it is.
Of course it is.
That will include the prologue, the after story, the short scenario, the leisure of Grisaia, the afterglow of Grisaia and the melody of Grisaia.
I wonder if it's a repackaging of older games, but anyway, that is what your release dates look like in Japan this week.
How about the UK Dark Sakura?
On the fourth, we have grip combat racing, ultimate edition, uh, just dance 2020.
We have north guard, uh, on the seventh.
Also on the seventh is will a wonderful world, which actually looks kind of cute.
Jumanji the video game because of reasons, stranded sails, um, golem only on PlayStation looks like, um, a Siberia trilogy.
I wonder if it's the old Siberia games.
I have to look.
Um, horizon chase turbo for PlayStation, Capcom home arcade on the seventh, need for speed heat, um, and intend to switch light.
Is that, uh, how do you pronounce the fuck out of these?
Zacian and Zamazenta edition, uh, Tokyo and Sonic at the Olympics games, Tokyo 2020, super street, the game, death stranding, uh, Disney Tsum Tsum festival.
Uh, there's a bunch Layton's mystery journey, catch rail and the millionaire's conspiracy words.
Um, that is it for this portion of the week, although there's a game coming out next week that just is absolutely fascinating.
The unicorn princess.
Yay.
I kind of want to play it just cause it's the unicorn princess.
Why not?
All right, let me get into a few comments and then we're going to get into the mailbag.
Cause I think we're a little bit behind.
Oh, nevermind.
It's a shitty little tween game.
Okay.
We have a lot of emails to get into tonight, which we're going to participate at orange on Trudy.com.
But first I want to read some comments on the release date stuff.
Uh, Johnny Woo face says, I'm glad doom got delayed too many releases this month.
LOL.
Yeah.
What death stranding is this week and the next week is Pokemon.
And so it's, it's really ramping up as we get closer to, uh, you know, Thanksgiving and the official kickoff of the holiday season, uh, shopping season anyway.
So yeah, November is always a crazy month.
And then pixel pockets confirming that Grisaia that game I was talking about in Japan is a visual novel series.
Some are available in English.
Bobby Blackoff also pointing out Google Stadia is next weekend as well.
So you also have a console.
I'm using my quotey fingers also this weekend, although that is only the like pro one that, or the Chromecast one, right?
Not you get the 2020 is when you can just fire up your browser and do Stadia that way.
Right.
This is the special Chromecast bundle one.
So, um,
I'm rushing right out to go get one of those.
I'm curious to hear what other, or other early adopters think of it.
Uh, and I'll, you know, make, I just went destiny too is like the game.
I'm just kind of like, okay.
I'm like, I can already play destiny too on PC, but I, I still am very anxious to hear about the technology and all that.
So I'm trying to keep an open mind.
So very curious to hear what all that is in store.
Okay.
So we are going to get to the mailbag.
I think we have a lot of emails to get to tonight.
And because we have three, because we forgot to do it during the classic game of the week segment, I want to make sure we open up the community gift chest here on Twitch.
So for those of you that are watching live on Twitch TV, you can contribute to the gift chest and you can actually, if you're a prime person, you can contribute some gifts to the gift chest and we will give them away in our chat here.
It's all through the Twitch mechanism of the community gift chest.
So that is open and we'll stay open through our mailbag segment.
And hopefully I did that right.
And it is actually open because I'm not, I'm just looking at it on my screen right now on the dashboard.
Bobby will tell me if I did it wrong and he'll fix it.
In the meantime, Dark Soccer, let's get to the emails.
Hey guys, it's Flea here.
By the way, this one is from the 20th.
First off, I want to say how much I enjoy your podcast.
Look forward to listening every week.
Oops.
I was listening to your discussion last week about the Blizzard China controversy and I'd like to put my two cents in.
I'm a little baffled at the outrage online regarding the action that Blizzard took against this player.
While I support free speech, Blizzchung signed a contract that he would not speak in a way that could offend anyone or damage Blizzard as a company.
And the contract specifically mentions that doing so would lead to a forfeiture of the prize money and removal from grandmasters.
Blizzard has a legal obligation to follow through and these terms are not met.
It's very obvious now that what Blizzchung said has dragged them into political discourse of what is happening in Hong Kong and Blizzard upholding their contract has damaged their reputation, which is ironically what this cause in the contract was meant to avoid.
I will say that I'm glad Blizzard walked back their penalty in the end and I hope they amend their contract to be more forgiving in the future.
I really find it disingenuous, I can't make words, disingenuous that the gamer population who in September were tripping over themselves to buy the new iPhone.
I'm not, fuck, we already just, it's another one of the Apple whatever, you know, are doing that.
I don't want to fucking read this.
No, we, Dark Soccer is a little bit on the meds.
We did address many of the points in the email, but I do want to make sure the listeners.
Were tripping over themselves to buy the new iPhone from Apple, are also holding bullshit to a separate standard when all they did was take away prize money for an e-sport, which Apple banned an app designed to keep protesters safe and could actually save lives.
No, that's not the fucking point.
This is a tough time as companies are navigating if they're going to uphold the standards of free democratic internet or if they will censor themselves to comply with the censorship of the Chinese internet.
We need to remember that there are people behind these difficult decisions and mistakes will be made.
Anyway, enough ranting for me.
Thanks for everything you guys do.
It's flee.
PS included the text from the contract below that pertains to why he was banned.
Engaging any act that in Blizzard's sole discretion brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public or otherwise damages Blizzard's image will result in removal from Grandmasters and reduction of the player's prize total to zero USD.
In addition to other remedies which may be provided under the handbook and Blizzard's website terms are still so subjective.
Yeah, you know, and I feel like I did address a lot of these points earlier in the show.
I just want to make sure you know what, it's where every gamer has a voice.
So I'm just like, it's my brain right now.
Just yeah, it's fine.
But here's the thing I do want to make this very clear is that I'm a little less on the blitzchung thing, especially ever since they dialed it back to the six months.
I still think it's a little bit much, but what really irritated me is when you put this side by side with how they treated the Overwatch League issues and what's been going on over there.
I felt that this was way too extreme compared to what was going on over there.
And that is really kind of like the root cause.
And I mean, just add that onto the pile of, you know, everything else where Blizzard is misstepped.
I just feel like I've given Blizzard so much loyalty and a lot of these things, these actions are starting to make me question, well, why is that?
And so again, I'm not, I'm not personally, I'm not boycotting Blizzard, but I just want to see other people for a little while and on top of that, Blizzard handle their issues.
Keep in mind, people are so quick to point the finger at the biggest other company there is, but they're not the only one doing this.
You know, they're two completely different things.
It's a game.
And it's also, it's also the thing where it's like, you can invoke Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, you can invoke whoever you want to invoke, but they are separate issues.
And I think you have to kind of assess what works for you and what doesn't work.
And again, like I said, in its core, it's a fallacious argument.
It's absolutely fallacious.
I also completely understand, for example, like I know the gals from Girls Gone Wow, because they just put out two episodes from being at BlizzCon.
I haven't been able to listen to them yet just because I've had a busy weekend, but I know they went and they had a great time.
They were smiling big in their pictures.
They got to meet a lot of community members for the first time.
Am I going to be upset at them for supporting Blizzard because they shut down?
No, I'm not.
Absolutely not.
I'm actually like super happy for them that they got to like be celebrities, the celebrities that they are at BlizzCon and meet all those new people, because I also realized at the end of the day, BlizzCon is very much like a family gathering for some people.
And so that is, you know, like their moment.
I think the Blizzard handled the protests and all that appropriately, such as we mentioned earlier in the show, and the protester kind of went to take the mic.
They had their system set up to just let that person talk, not shut it down, you know, and do that whole thing.
They were pretty professional about all that.
And we didn't even talk about the protests outside.
But I was actually surprised that a respectable number of people showed up.
It wasn't like massive protests, but there was like 30, 40 people that showed up and they were chanting and they had signs and they were giving out.
I thought this was very smart.
They were giving out free T-shirts for people to wear inside.
So that way, when they showed up on the cameras and stuff and they would have the messages on there, I thought that was really an intelligent way to do a peaceful protest.
And I think at the end of the day, that is also the most important thing.
All the protests was very, very peaceful.
We're not hearing about any type of like, you know, unfortunately, we're not hearing the level of the protests we're hearing about in Hong Kong, just very matter of factly.
And so that part is really cool.
And I am not one to judge anybody on how they want to spend their money and so forth.
But I'm just saying, this is why Blizzard and I are getting a divorce for now.
But maybe in six months, we'll get back together.
Oh, I didn't fully address the part of the email, the Blitzchung thing.
And I kind of said this on the last episode, so I'm sorry if I'm repeating myself, but I feel like a more appropriate punishment would have been suspended for one or two games and just have him not be able to do on camera interviews for six months.
If that had been the ban, I would have totally understood it.
But one more thing I'm going to say, look at what a company like Wizards of the Coast, who by the way, also is distributed by Tencent in China, has handled a very similar issue recently.
Wizards of the Coast had a player that won that made a very similar statement in his winning thing.
And you know what Wizards of the Coast did about it?
Nothing.
And they also have the Tencent presence in China.
So it's just but maybe, but one could argue it's because of what's happened at Blizzard has caused this conversation and other companies to look at it and in, in fact, has had a positive change in that regard.
So anyway, I will shut up now and not double back on this topic too much.
But I just want to get that out and give a respectful response to the email.
I'm not trying to be to be bitchy about it right now.
I'm, it's just that I, I think people are trying to pull an argument that has nothing to do with it.
So that's, um, anyway, I do want to also mention this because this is geo 100.
Matt says there was some positive Hearthstone news from Blizzcon.
And I did hear about this.
This is really cool.
Uh, Leooon, I hope I said the name right.
I'm sorry if I butchered that, has become the first woman to win a Blizzcon title because she won the, um, uh, Hearthstone championship.
Oh, good.
Congratulations.
Mazel tov.
That's right.
Next email.
Break the ceiling.
Yep.
Next email.
Hey, OLR.
I had read so many glowing reviews of Link's Awakening that I decided to pick it up on lunch day.
I may be in the minority, but the game hasn't lived up to the hype for me.
It's certainly a faithful remake.
If anything, Nintendo stuck too closely to the original, by the way, Nintendo didn't do it, um, keeping its dated gameplay intact and having to constantly consult guides to find the next dungeon or even the next key.
The, um, items are so far fairly rubbish and the NPCs feel like random cardboard cut out, stabled together from different games.
What is new are the toy box style graphics, which are beautiful until they begin to move.
When outdoors, the frame rate drops to a distracting level.
And I say that as someone who doesn't normally even pay attention to technical details like that, I didn't notice any frame rate issues.
Did you?
I've noticed some stuttering, like it's not major, but it's enough to go, Oh, that was a, that was a rough transition.
Yeah, weird.
Um, I vaguely remember playing Link's Awakening DX on Game Boy Color back in the day.
I'm sure it was good compared to your average Game Boy title, but to be a $60 Switch game, I think it needed a little modernization.
What do you think of the game?
Am I being overly harsh?
Forever a loyal listener, Elliot B.
Um, everyone's opinion is their own opinion.
If that's how you felt about it, that's how you felt about it.
Um, you know, for, for us, we were pretty excited about it.
We wanted the nostalgia.
And I think a lot of that money that you're paying for it is for nostalgia.
Um, the dungeon maker thing is pretty fun.
Um, you know, Dan and I just like went around looking for Easter eggs and try, he, we did the whole thing from memory.
No guides at all.
We didn't do any guide until like doing the hero playthrough.
So, I mean, that's the fun of those old style games.
Like that is the exploration.
We didn't have guides yonder and when that was the fun of it is that it brought back that sense of how much this do we remember?
Is it really the old friend that we knew?
And, you know, I think that that's where the game was really banking on is that nostalgia factor.
And if you didn't have the nostalgia for the original game that the other, that other people do, then it's definitely going to color your experience with it.
Yeah.
Honestly, bottom line, dude, you're, you're allowed to like, and not like whatever you want.
And it doesn't mean like, you're allowed to be wrong once in a while.
No, I'm just, I'm totally kidding.
Like, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't mean that you're wrong.
Uh, you know, that's what opinions are.
And you know, like, I know I've seen that movie that like everybody loved and I was just like, what, why, why does everybody love this movie?
I'm going to give you a good example.
Uh, I love Xanadu.
I feel like I'm, everyone else is wrong.
Okay.
I feel like I'm expected to love this movie.
But when I saw Call Me By Your Name, I was like, it's not like, it took, it was slow.
I didn't, it's very artsy.
I didn't really like it until the dad's speech at the end.
I'm not going to say anything about that, but I was like, that was the best part of the whole movie.
And that was only like two minutes of it.
You know, there's always going to be, it's art.
Art is subject to interpretation, right?
And sometimes your interpretation is going to be different.
To be fair, it's different when you're seeing it with Shane.
He has a way of influencing, but, um, well, I'm sure there's plenty of video games.
Is there a video game?
And I opened this up to you guys in chat too.
Is there a video game that everybody loved, but then you played it and you were like, I don't get it.
Like, why does everybody like, I don't really like bionic commando that much.
The original.
Yeah.
Oh, girl.
Okay.
All right.
We all had a pain.
I didn't like Metroid when I first played it.
I'm just being honest.
I didn't care.
I didn't like it when I first played it.
No, I liked it better.
Now as an adult, I actually didn't like Metroid until I played through the guardian legend.
It's also interesting to point out.
And I would be curious, Elliot, if this ends up being your experience too, and not that you're obligated to go back and play it again, but you might.
But like, I know that like one game I played and I didn't get it at first and I didn't go back and play it till like five years later.
And then I loved it.
Mass Effect.
The first time I played Mass Effect, I was like, I don't get it.
Why do people love this?
Here's the thing.
I didn't actually like Link's Awakening the first time I played it.
I didn't think it was very fun.
I like it now as an adult.
I thought it was a much more solid game now that I can come into it as a mature gamer.
Yeah.
You know, but like there's people who'd be like, I don't like Link to the past.
I mean, some people are like that.
Dan doesn't care for Link to the past that, you know, everyone else loves it.
And it's not that he doesn't like it.
It's just, it's not up there, you know?
But, um, I mean, what about you, Matt?
Uh, Mass Effect.
I didn't really like that game.
And that's what Bobby says in chat.
Mass Effect and Super Metroid.
I was, is he trolling with the Super Metroid answer?
Cause I don't think Bobby, I never knew Bobby to hate Super Metroid.
He just likes, he just likes to bring up the whole stupid Chrono Trigger versus Super Metroid debate.
Every possible opportunity.
Uh, Shane is still in chat saying, I hated Mass Effect and Dragon Age at first.
Even Shane hated Mass Effect.
I didn't like the first Dragon Age, but Dragon Age 2 I loved.
I, I'm still not as into Dragon Age as the rest of you, but I did, I did enjoy Inquisition.
I did enjoy Inquisition what, but I never really like played through the whole entire thing.
And that's Splatoon.
I honestly think I like Mass Effect 3 better than 2.
Because Garris, even more Garris.
I'm trying to think of a game.
I know there has to be something, but I'm trying to think of something where I was really like, I don't understand why you people obsess over this game.
I have to chew on that for a little bit.
I know there's gotta be an example.
So it was like, I can think of so many movies, but I can't think of games as these.
I'm trying to think of games that have won like game of the year type of accolades.
Alan, you're giving me a look.
Dark soul.
Okay.
Dark souls.
I didn't.
Okay.
I didn't hate dark souls, but dark souls isn't for me.
All the jokes from earlier this evening aside, I guess, I guess that could be an example.
There's movies that a lot of people I know, like that I can't stand.
Like I won't watch face off.
I think because it was really actually very triggering right at the beginning of it.
Oh, um, I, I do not care for the way everybody loves fire emblem and those games.
I don't like, I don't care for those games.
Um, not for me, never liked real time strategy like that.
Yeah.
It's like the only types of like tactical games I could really get into is, um, uh, final fantasy tactics.
I don't even like final fantasy tactics.
Hmm.
I've never liked those games like that.
I mean, and even like Disgaea would be another one.
I mean, I had my hands on the Macross game for PC engine for a while and I didn't like it.
I really wanted to, cause it was fucking Macross.
I thought of the game.
I thought of the game.
Persona.
I haven't played it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry guys.
That there it is.
That's the game.
I, I can't get into it the way the rest of you can.
I'm sorry.
I've tried.
I need to play though.
Danganronpa.
Maybe.
I don't know if, I don't know if it's for me, but we'll see.
I wasn't super into Danganronpa at first either, but I really like it now.
All right.
So there you go, Elliot.
See, we've made confessions about the games.
We, we don't understand either.
So it happens anyway, but thank you for the email.
Sports games, all of them.
Except tech mobile.
Um, or actually super high impact for Super Nintendo.
This is the last email.
Um, Haya OLR crew.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act theft.
My last call to the show was to talk about colossal event for Pokemon go.
I mentioned my expectations and worries about the event.
Now it has happened and I participated in it.
I'll talk about my impressions of the event.
The event itself was good.
It was fun doing the special research to get the.
Reggie Gigas along with some of my friends.
We had a great time overall and it was, my eyes are blurry.
It wasn't overly difficult to finish.
We were done after two to three hours tops and continued to raid and do some
researches for special Pokemon.
Even those who were pretty easy to do.
And again, no, even those were pretty easy to do.
And again, the Pokemon that were given through those were pretty cool.
I even got a shiny Skarmory.
Um, after I finished the event, I felt unsatisfied again.
It was pretty short and simple, but it was overly simple to do.
Just catch an evolve, rinse and repeat three times and you were done.
Basically the Pokemon spawning through the event.
Well, good.
Wasn't the best or most varied.
I would love to see more rare Pokemon spawn and get more shinies and really
good ones for raids or PVP.
I haven't done PVP yet.
Many people are complaining about the shiny rates, but I don't think that
should be the case here.
Shinies are supposed to be rare.
And then again, the lack of variety on the spawns really made it kind of dull
to do even to even do the special research.
Since again, it was composed of really simple and mundane tasks.
The raid, the raids were perfect though.
Not really difficult.
They could be taken down by a small group of three people with good or excellent
counters and they appeared everywhere quite often.
Like really, I think I did like three raids in the same gym during
the time I spent on the event.
The rewards were great.
Getting rare evolution stones, like the new Unova stone and getting the quote
free raid passes for the duration of the event was good.
I think the money I paid for all of this wasn't worth it.
We also got a post for Avatar, which is really bad, even though I'm using it
right now, but it seriously doesn't look okay.
And the medal is just for showing off.
I would prefer to have a Safari zone or go fast one, which had some merit to it.
Overall, I don't regret buying the special ticket and participating in this event.
I had fun.
I had, and I had a really good time, but what I got was really.
But what I got wasn't really worth the price of admission.
I would have been okay paying $5 for this, but $8 seemed the wrong price.
And yeah, it's $3 only, but I could have used it to buy other stuff in game that
is worthwhile or for other games too.
Well, that's all for me right now.
Thanks for reading PS, sorry for sending this kind of late.
Deft is come Brown.
Thank you for the email and for the recap of the event, because
admittedly I didn't do it.
So I'm glad to hear that somebody did.
Um, I just didn't, I don't know.
Like I just didn't want to pay the money, especially cause you got the raid passes.
I have like 60 unused raid passes.
Cause that's how infrequently I've been rating anymore.
In fact, I just realized I just missed that dark cry or whatever
that most recent one has been.
I, does somebody have an extra cause they need one?
Um, cause I didn't raid for it.
I've just been really slacking on those rates because I've been a little more
like, I've all of a sudden just been more like into Ingress lately.
Maybe something about the anomaly just kind of made me back into that.
And I was playing Harry Potter a little bit.
So I try to run my Bluetooth on Pokemon, but the Bluetooth won't
like, let me do the raids.
So, and I just, when I heard that that, uh, Reggie Gigas or whatever was going
to be in the, uh, EX raids anyway, I was just like, I'll, I guess I'll get
it eventually or they'll be out there.
I just, I don't know.
I wasn't super interested in paying eight bucks for what they were offering, but
I'm glad to hear about your story.
Uh, and kind of the, the pros and cons about it at the end of the day, honestly.
Uh, Shane might, uh, surprise you in chat.
They're saying I didn't do it either.
The lack of special spawns all a go Fest was really the deal breaker for me.
Oh fuck.
Darkrai can't be traded because it's mythical fucker.
Well, I'm fucked.
They'll bring it back or it'll be, it'll be in a reward box or something.
And I, I refuse to believe that Darkrai is going to be gone forever and they'll
bring it back at some point.
They always do.
So, all right.
Anyway, so that's it for emails.
Okay.
Uh, if you would like to email us in a future episode, please send us an email.
Participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
And with that, we can stop collecting the gifts.
So Bobby, if you wouldn't mind, go ahead and close the gift box there and
distribute the freebies there in chat.
Uh, appreciate that.
Um, And those will go out there shortly in our chat over at Twitch TV slash vog
network.
Sorry to the podcast folk.
We don't have any way to let you guys participate in that as well.
It's just one of the little perks for being able to be here live on, whoa, a
whole bunch of stuff just went out there.
Be here, be here live on a Sunday night.
I feel like everybody that doesn't have Twitch prime ended up getting one of
those rewards.
Well, there you go.
Congrats, you guys.
Thanks.
And thank you to our very generous community for, uh, distributing all those
gifts.
Super appreciate it.
All right, let's move on.
We have some more news for you guys.
I'm actually going to ask us to try to maybe take this a little bit more in
turbo mode here.
Those were coming up on nine o'clock.
We've had a long show tonight.
I want to make sure we have time to get some calls in and I have to take dark
soccer home tonight cause she's on meds.
So it's going to be a long night for me.
So there better be tacos on the way home.
Let's that can be arranged.
Let's go to turbo mode.
All right.
So EA has been putting their own games on origin for the longest time.
Well now they're coming back to steam.
So starting November 15th with the release of star Wars, Jedi fallen order,
they will be releasing games on steam as well.
And also they're going to be allowing the EA access subscription service to
be purchased on steam as well.
And going forward, their other games will be, um, put on to steam.
So that's pretty cool.
And they, according to their official announcement, um, they're going to have
some older EA releases come back as well.
The Sims four unravel to apex legends and battlefield five with crossplay
between steam and origin as well.
So cool.
Do you think this is a sign EA is going to let origin kind of go or what do you
think, or is this, I don't know, actually that wasn't really the first initial
thought I got from this.
My first initial thought was, Oh, this is a move against Epic because Epic has
really been trying to like get the more and more exclusives and so forth.
So maybe, uh, EA and like EA and steam have this whole, the enemy of my enemy
is my friend type of thing going on.
Does that make sense?
So it's just business, right?
Yeah, maybe.
And Ubisoft left steam to go to Epic.
So, you know, it makes sense.
Makes sense.
So interesting, interesting how this is all shaking out there.
Um, but how many of these storefronts are we really going to want
to install on our computer?
Like, I'm not really that concerned by additional storefronts, honestly,
like even like the Epic store, eh, whatever, it's just a launcher.
I have, you know, I don't necessarily keep them launched all the time.
If I want to play a game that I don't have that many games on the Epic
storefront and the ones I do like have purchased there, I think I've
purchased like three games.
Most of the other ones are just free, which I probably have on
steam anyways, or other consoles.
Um, I don't know.
I just, who cares?
It's just launching another fucking thing.
It really doesn't matter at this point.
All right.
Uh, let's talk a little bit about, uh, mixer.
I know it's weird cause we're broadcasting on Twitch, but, and we're
going to talk about mixer, which am I even allowed to do that?
Of course I am.
It's I'm allowed to talk a little bit about the competition because
competition is healthy.
I think it's a good thing.
And, uh, you know, where one company goes, the other might follow.
And you know, I think it's all, it's all a good thing.
It's all about the streaming world at the end of the day.
And besides, there's a lot of people that listen to this show on the podcast
feed and don't use either Twitch or mixer, but I think it is worth
noting that this week mixer has dropped their subscription price down to $4.99.
This is notable because they were charging $5.99.
That is more than a Twitch subscription, but $4.99 is now at the
same place as a Twitch subscription.
It's now a Twitch and a mixer subscription will cost you the same thing.
Perhaps this is because the recent move of some big notable streamers
over to mixer, I don't know.
Uh, maybe when Ninja went over from Twitch to mixer, perhaps it was one of
those things where, Hey, his followers are gonna have to pay more money to
subscribe to him over on mixer.
Well, they're not going to have to do that anymore.
So mixer took care of that this week by dropping the price down from a dollar.
Uh, and you get, I guess, special, I don't, I have to admit, since I do
pretty much exclusively use Twitch myself once in a while, I peek at the
mixer stuff, especially because like in the X-Box app, it's embedded in
there because it's a Microsoft thing.
Right?
So like when I go to play, uh, something like bloodstained, it'll be like, here
are the people streaming bloodstained on mixer right now, which I really
wish I hope we see like a Sony and Twitch partnership thing, maybe going
into the next generation of games.
Cause I know you kind of get that a little bit on Sony now, but it only
shows you the people streaming natively through the console.
So I hope maybe, I don't know.
We'll see, we'll see what develops.
But anyway, uh, so yeah, uh, that's, uh, pretty cool that they have
dropped, uh, the, um, subscription down.
Um, I don't know what the split is over there.
Do their people get half like Twitch does?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
Uh, it should also be noted mixer doesn't have the whole, uh, Amazon
prime thing coming into play either.
Uh, so there's no like freebie chances, by the way, if you are rocking your
Amazon prime account and, uh, or your Twitch prime or new, what have you, and
you haven't yet used your free subscription, consider using it here at
the voice geeks network, VOG network.
Uh, using it here, we'll open up the video archive and you can watch, uh, all
your, uh, episodes of, uh, OLR and Bobby Black Wolf and, uh, the few here and
there specials that we've done over the past year, you can watch all that on video.
So, um, yeah, there you go.
Mixer, uh, drop in there to be a little more competitive, especially with some of
the big name streamers that have left recently dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
Just some stuff.
Um, and I also do have bonus news as well.
So, um, women in France have, uh, organized, uh, basically in France, about
half of all gamers are women.
And so, um, you know, being that they are completely, uh, underrepresented,
uh, underrepresented though, for the 10th, uh, edition of the Paris games week fair,
which, um, is actually just ended today, the organization women in
games had a dedicated soul there.
Um, it was created in 20, not the stall, but the group was created in 2017.
It has 1600 members and it promotes involvement of all genders
in the video game community.
Um, and then did I have another thing?
Yeah, that was my story.
You said you had a bonus thing as well.
A bonus thing.
Um, they, they apparently did start, um, nevermind.
This is an old article, so nevermind.
Okay.
Um, uh, what, what do you think is going to be like the long-term effect
of this organization in France?
Uh, hopefully, you know, we'll see some serious strides because I mean, the
moment, anytime an organization composed mostly of women and croaches on male
territory, Oh shit, people get in arms.
And I really want to see the, the binary broken number one.
And I want to see those walls broken down.
I'd like for people to stop mattering what someone has between their legs or,
you know, how their bodies are built and say, Hey, this is a gamer and
they have something to contribute.
That's the goal.
Just one minor thing that, cause I don't want the email coming in on it.
Gender is not always about what's between your legs.
That's what I said.
Oh, just making sure.
Oh, sorry.
I'm I'm misinterpreted what you said.
Okay.
Well, because I mean, I, I, I phrased it exactly like that because
that's not what gender is.
You know, but people focus on that bullshit.
Got it.
Got it.
So whatever.
Um, this is me.
I know.
I know.
That's why I was like, wait a minute.
I think she wanted to phrase that in a different way, but that's okay.
Um, I wanted to point out though, um, that I, well, I don't know.
Cause maybe it's just from my perspective.
I am a dude.
So, you know, I don't have the same perspective, but I do feel like, like
it's getting better than it was even just like three years ago, but I think
it's because more people are speaking up about like, yo, this is fucked up.
And like, you know, that we're starting to see more things like, Oh yay.
We just had, you know, a woman, you know, break or break the streak
and, and win the Hearthstone championship.
And we're seeing, uh, I think more like men and women diversity
in games and things like that.
I don't know, but I, my perspective is not the one to hear.
What do you think?
Well, I actually, do you think we're going the right way?
We have to take, gain ground when, when we can.
And I do think that there are some steps being made in the right direction,
but I would like to also point out, and it's maybe about a year ago, um, one
of my favorite podcasts, Stuff Mom Never Told You did a series about women in
video games and basically what it's like to be a woman gamer from the perspective
of a gamer and from statistics.
And it really is a very, very good breakdown on just what we experience,
you know, down to the numbers.
The thing that I like is that it had the numbers in it.
And it's really, I mean, it's really the only way that, like, for example,
if you're a gamer, the only way to really be safe is to conceal your,
your gender or to pick something gender neutral and you still get fucking ratted
on, you know, people still try to give you shit for it, you know, or being
a voice in the community, you know, they're like, oh, well, well, you're
just saying this because you're, you're a woman or, you know, your opinion
doesn't matter or go back to the kitchen or whatever the fuck.
It's still fucking happens.
And as long as it fucking happens, we have not done enough.
That's true.
And it's still, you know, the, the thing I can come comment on being a gay
dude is that, you know, we still hear like anti-gay slurs and stuff and
happen and you know, that whole thing.
I do like to think it's getting better, but you're right.
Imagine what it would be like to be a lesbian of color.
Oh, sure.
You know, I've, I've got friends who have just been absolutely devastated
by the language that they've received in playing games and trying to be
outspoken out there on, you know, this rather treacherous water that is,
you know, the internet cesspool, really.
But it does feel like for what it's worth it, at least now we have more
games with more representation in them, probably because games are easier
to make and so games, like not everybody could just sit down and
plunk out an Atari 2,600 game, for example.
And obviously I'm using extreme example here, but now more people are
kind of like able to tell stories.
And I think that like helps.
I don't necessarily want to, you know, do the big comparison with the civil
rights movement or anything like that.
But there is a, it was just a little meme that kind of reminded me of this
fact that major changes in government and in society haven't happened until
it was made a big inconvenience for the dominant party.
We didn't get ADA until people surrounded the White House with wheelchairs.
You know, it took a march to Washington and, you know, big fights for school
integration, the whole civil rights movement to give people of color
closer to an equal standing.
They don't have it yet.
It's what's happening, but it's not there yet.
We still have a lot of work to do.
You know, women got the votes because we were jailed.
We went on hunger strikes, force fed, you know, things that, oh, well, you
just see Susan B.
Anthony and whatever the fuck.
But people don't know those stories about women who were force fed raw eggs
through a tube because they dared stand up for suffrage, you know?
And you're dealing with all of this worldwide.
You're dealing, well, I mean, I hate Gandhi because he was pretty racist,
he was pretty racist, but I mean, he would walk, you know, walk works of protest,
you know, and the thing is, is that any kind of injustice like this has
to be fought without rest.
And if one person falters, someone else has to step up.
And that's why I say all of us, you know, no matter what your gender is, you
need to stand up and look out for the other oppressed groups because you
could fucking be next.
And I'm done.
No, you're fine.
It needed reset.
I mean, so much for turbo mode, but important topic, but a topic we could
do a whole three hour show on anyway.
But we got to move on just for time's sake, since we're after 9 p.m.
And we still have some more stories to get to, including what Loki
is going to talk about next.
Yes.
And so we had talked about Xbox all access a while back, that whole plan
where you could basically get an Xbox, uh, one or Xbox one X, um, game pass
and Xbox live discounted over the course of, uh, two years.
So you have monthly payments that you pay.
Well, it's coming back as of November 18th and it's available through, um,
different partners, depending on where you're purchasing it from.
I want to say North America is in, uh, Amazon, amazon.com.
Um, UK would be game or Smith's toys.
And in Australia, they have that online at Telstra or I think
in their Microsoft stores.
So, um, the way it works, it could be as little as $19.99 per month for 24 months.
They are also along with the program.
Um, you have the opportunity to upgrade to the next, uh, uh, project scarlet
when it's available in the holiday 2020, although not for the Xbox one X version,
which is weird, but they don't offer the upgrade that way.
Um, that's curious, but for the other versions, they like the Xbox one S.
You can get that, uh, with an upgrade path as well.
So, um, yeah, they mentioned Xbox one X would be 30 99 a month.
Um, Xbox one S is 22 99, 19 99 would be for the Xbox one S all digital version.
So, and no upfront costs and yeah.
Yeah, especially, and I've been commenting on the show myself that, you know, game
passes is getting stronger and stronger.
Like I'm actually enjoying that more myself as a consumer.
So this is an interesting, you know, way to kind of jump into this, especially
going into the holiday season where it's like, you know, if I could just, you
know, buy somebody a year of this or whatever, I guess you're agreeing to it.
It's like a contract.
I mean, it's not so easy.
It is interesting.
And I'd want to see more like how the interactivity with the project scarlet
stuff and the Xbox one works before I would be like willing to jump into
something like this, but it's interesting.
And I'm curious to see why the Xbox one X doesn't have an upgrade path on that,
but, uh, the other ones do so that's weird.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Well, I'll be curious to see if, uh, it's a successful program.
And people, I'm sorry.
I especially want to see if they apply this to the next.
I'm sorry.
They does have an upgrade path.
The difference is that it, the Xbox one S you have to have it for 18 months.
Whereas the Xbox one X it's for 12 months.
I see.
All right then.
All right.
Well, moving on to, uh, one more story for tonight.
It has to do with Pac-Man's 40th anniversary and, uh, Pac-Man is, uh,
getting some, uh, special new things for the 40th anniversary Namco Bandai
trying to go all out a little bit.
I'm hoping that means we're going to see some games in the next year.
But, um, the early thing we have at least is we have a song called
join the pack by Ken Ishii, who I think is a famous DJ over in Japan.
Uh, there's actually a music video out there for join the pack, uh, by a
famous director, Yuichi Kodama, uh, who won wards at con in 2008, uh,
the international film festival.
Uh, he also did the, uh, flag handover ceremony at the Rio Olympics, 2016.
So some big names behind this.
Now, sadly, you would think it's a video show.
I would show you the video, but I do have to have concern about
getting muted here.
So I can't really play the song cause it is copyright song.
However, if you want to check that out, I listened to it.
It's okay.
It's it's no Pac-Man fever.
But maybe I'm just showing my age there.
Uh, anyway, you can check that out.
Uh, the, uh, join the pack is the official theme song there.
I'm hoping this leads into some game announcements.
Cause I don't think that, wow, we made a Pac-Man song.
I mean, even though they got some talented names behind it, I don't think
that's really a great anniversary thing, but maybe if it's like, Hey,
we're going to put out like a mega Pac-Man collection, or we're going to
put out like a lost Pac-Man thing, or, uh, we're going to let arcade one
up, make a baby Pac-Man table, how they're going to do.
We're going to make a Pac-Man live action movie.
How they're going to do it because they've never done a pinball table before.
I don't know, but this is, this is the time to learn how they're going to start.
Uh, but we'll, we'll see what else comes out of their 40th anniversary,
but I was still kind of like, wow.
Is it really like, oh my God, why don't they make like arcade one
up pinball tables, like miniaturized version of pinball tables, dude,
wait, like if these mini machines are as popular as they're like, like bit
like they, I feel like the mini arcade one up machines, like there's more
and more of them and they're getting some bigger and bigger franchises,
like the Ninja Turtles thing, the star Wars thing, which, um, shout out,
if you haven't seen Bobby Blackwell's video, he put that up at, uh, on the
VOG network, YouTube, which we don't talk about a lot because we don't use
it a lot, but Bobby put a great little clip from his show up there, uh, with
him, like building the arcade one up star Wars thing.
So if you haven't seen what these machines look, look like, check it out
over on our YouTube channel at VOG network.
Um, but these are kid one ups are getting bigger and bigger names.
Didn't they get a gauntlet one?
Nothing like that.
No, I make that up.
I think you made that up.
I made that up.
Cause I want one, my bad.
Um, but, uh, that would be really cool, but I, the mortal combat one, I kind of
want to get cause I love the old mortal combat games, so, but it's just, you
know, again, I need less shit in this house, not more, so the eternal struggle.
All right.
Anyway, uh, there you go.
So that is, uh, Pac-Man's 40th anniversary.
Uh, let's, let's open up the listener round table.
You guys, uh, we're going to go to our discord and if you want to give us a
call, you can join the green room over in our discord over at vog network.com
slash discord, and we're going to get to some calls here on air.
I'm probably not gonna be able to take a lot of calls tonight just because
we're already running a little late, but that's what happens when you take
so much time off and then Blizzcon happens the same week that you come back.
You feeling okay over there?
Yeah.
Had a little bit of a thing to get, uh, kind of having a great discussion.
I mean, I got a little angry for a moment, but, um, talking about the
experience of women in gaming, you know, uh, Kaijuna was bringing up
having a friend, well, a former friend who was going off on a woman after
having been beaten in a game and I'm like, okay, so I'm take that.
And imagine this is every experience you have with it directed at you.
Every game, maybe not every game, but just about any time you sit and play
any kind of multiplayer game, this happens and it's always at you, no
matter what you do, how clean of a game, how little shit you talk about
people, this is the experience of women in gaming.
Um, I do want to point out, um, Bobby Black Wolf is, is, uh, justifying my
gauntlet experience saying I did not make that up in fact, there is a
rampage cabinet that has rampage joust defender and I have played that one.
I forgot that it had gauntlet.
So, yeah, but you were, I, I was not, maybe you, maybe your
brain went to gauntlet legends.
Yes.
Unfortunately that is not a thing that they have.
If they did that, yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
I would have been very excited to be pretty amazing.
That would be pretty amazing.
All right, let's get to, um, some calls.
So I'm going to try to drop somebody in the on air room and hello.
You were on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Amy, uh, this is my lovely him.
How are you?
Hey, I am great.
Except I'm just having to adjust the volume on the fly, but don't
worry about that.
That's on my end.
So sorry about the echo guys.
What's on your mind tonight?
Raging or excuse me, metal mayhem.
What's on your mind?
Oh, well, I started to bring up, um, unusual.
Topic, uh, mainly, uh, hoarding of, uh, digital PC games.
Um, as you know, Nowadays, things do humble bundle sale, uh, bundle
bundles, uh, steam sales, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
It's incredibly easy to build up massive amounts of, uh, PC, uh, games.
Um, and, you know, depending on the person, you know, it can be easily,
you know, justified as, you know, eventually I'll get around to play X
game or Y game, or you never know if a certain game is going to be
elicited at some point down the road.
Like, uh, you know, Doug Tails remastered was fairly recently.
Um, that being said, you know, I, you know, do you think that, you know, the
building of these massive libraries of games, uh, can be an issue in a sense?
No.
I mean, you know, case in point, no, not to sound like a bragging, but with
all the games I have through the various services, I get well over 2000 games.
Odds are, you know, probably not going to get around to play every single one of
those games, especially since a lot of them can be upwards is say 50 hours long.
Um, so do you think that it can be like a serious hoarding issue, even
though that they don't take a physical room like, uh, cartridges?
Um, I mean, hoarding is in some ways kind of a part of human nature.
Like I realized that sometimes we associate that word hoarding with like,
um, the TV show hoarders when things go to, uh, an extreme of sorts, but I think
something about the collection and collectibles that's, there's something I
think that's kind of like fused in us with that whole thing.
Um, case in point, you know, even though you kind of talk about, oh, we build up
this huge library of digital games on Steam, uh, or whatever service, you know,
we're using and we, we may or may not ever getting around to play them.
You know what?
I think of houses I've gone into that have gigantic bookshelves, lots and lots
of books.
And I think to myself, you probably have never read all of those books.
Maybe they have, but I bet there's a lot of books on that shelf that you've never
read.
Uh, same thing with the people, you know, that you go into their house and they
have DVDs that practically wrap around the house.
Maybe you're seeing less and less of that because of this digital future we're
living in.
But I know I went to somebody's house not that long ago who I was meeting, um,
kind of like, like a new friend I just met and I was like, dang, you got to like
a lot of DVDs.
And then I'm thinking, has this person actually watched the DVD or do they buy
the DVD?
Because maybe they saw the movie in the theater and they just kind of liked it.
I mean, I don't know.
And I'm not saying like, oh, everybody who has these collections doesn't actually
use them.
Sure.
I bet there are some people that have watched every single DVD that they own.
Have you watched every single DVD that you own, Loki?
I don't know the main DVDs anymore.
Not anymore.
Right.
And when I did know.
Yeah, but have you played every single game in the vault?
Okay.
See what I mean?
So that's funny, Rob.
So the digital collection on steam, the digital just makes it easier to do that.
And just, there's something about having that impressive collection.
Like, oh, remember when it used to be, we have this big binder full of CDs, check
out my CD collection or, you know, things like that.
Like, it's just like having the collections as part of nature.
So I don't think it's like a bad thing to have, like all these games pile up.
In fact, I mean, sometimes you get the most random bug to go play a certain game
and then you find out, oh, I have that in my collection.
And then maybe you get to experience this thing that you might collect dust
otherwise.
So, I don't know.
Those are my thoughts.
Did I really address your question, Metal Mayhem, or was there something deeper in
that?
More or less you did.
You know, the thing is, you know, at least when I was strictly a console gamer, you
know, up until that close to the end of the PS3 era, you know, a lot of games,
you know, especially in physical games, were $60 plus.
That being said, I didn't buy every single last game that I came across.
Now, ever since you introduced me to PC games, namely Steam, you mentioned Steam
sales and all that.
Now, I kind of caught the bug, you know, where I was in no estate.
Now, this game is going to weigh $20.
Now, it's on sale for $2.
So Humble Bundle has this bundle, you know, I can get all these games for a dollar.
I was like, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, I'll buy two of that, you know, I'll buy
whatever, you know, I'll get around to playing these eventually.
But, you know, the thing is, you know, it kind of go up and, you know, now I got,
like, like I said, quite, you know, quite, you know, collection.
And honestly, you know, I probably got more games, you know, more free time than the
average person because I'm disabled and don't have a nine-to-five job.
But even with that being said, even if I...
What you find, despite your limitations, your boundaries in that regard, you've kind
of found ways to, in a way, still, like, keep your happiness and keep your level of
happiness because you are a gamer.
And I know we've talked about this when you first started listening to OLR.
I remember some of your concern was, am I going to fit in here because I'm still
playing Nintendo 64 games when y'all are talking about PlayStation 2 and 3 type of
games? And the answer was an enthusiastic, yes, you still fit in here because you're
still a gamer.
And I think that's also, you know, you are working with the cards that you have.
And in my impression, and I apologize if I'm misstating anything, but my impression
is you've kind of made a fun hobby out of deal shopping, you know, and I don't...
There's nothing wrong with that.
Lord, you ever seen any of those extreme coupon shows?
People make hobbies out of finding those good deals, and that's definitely not a bad
thing at all. And it allows you to still play a lot of, maybe not games that came out
yesterday, but a lot of games that came out within the past couple of years that are
still very, very good and worthy of your attention, whether you got it for free or got
it on a deep cut for only, like, 99 cents.
So, yeah, you know, I'll be the first to admit that because I live on Social Security
disability and which doesn't pay me much per month, you know, I can't afford to go buy,
you know, expensive games on the regular.
But, you know, I kind of honed my ability to find the deals, you know, like you
mentioned, you know, I look all over the place, the humble bundle, you know, the sales,
you know, read little articles to post, you know, I'll repost the stuff that I find on
Steam in the one group.
Sorry. So, yeah, I mean, I can't quite adapt to it.
So, you know, I mean, if I can find, like, a really good deal and stuff, you know,
pouring out to get stuff to all the people, because I know I'm probably not the only
person in the world that has to live on a tight budget, you know.
Absolutely not.
And I think there's other people also on a tight budget.
I'm sure you're not alone in that, that appreciate all those tips and those things that
you put out there when you find the games.
And that's why you have sites like, for example, I'll just shout out Cheap Ass Gamer.
I know they've had a podcast that's been around forever, too.
And, you know, it's because people love a good deal.
And to build up those backlogs, because you never know, someday, maybe it'll be easy to
pass along those digital backlogs to somebody else, just like it would be your library book
collection or your DVD collection.
Anyway, Metal Mayhem, I got to let you go because we're running really long tonight.
But thank you so much for your call.
I appreciate it, buddy.
Okay?
Have a good night.
Take care.
Take care.
All right.
That was the only call that was waiting on Discord for us.
So, I am going to go ahead and close up Discord just because we're running over three hours
right now, and I know everybody's about had it, but that's what happens when you've been
gone for a few weeks.
I will still go over to Loki and ask if there's any last minute stories that you might have.
Yes, there is.
So, I was going to mention this.
One of my favorite independent game companies, Bossa, who did the very famous Surgeon Simulator
games in I Am Bread.
Well, they have done something kind of in a similar tone as like how we got Goat Simulator
with Coffee Stain games.
So, they have these prototypes of games that they're developing that you can download for
free and try them out and let them know which one you want turned into a real game.
So, you can go to bossapresents.com and download either they have Pigeon Simulator, I Am Fish,
or Trash Bandits, and they all look great.
Oh, Trash Bandits all the way.
So, Trash Bandits, you're a fox and you collect trash.
I thought it was like actual like little bandits going through the trash.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
So, Trash Bandits, it's basically your foxes that you're collecting things and throwing
in the back of like a garbage truck.
So, you're doing that and you're actually like, you know, it looks pretty crazy.
I Am Fish, it's similar to I Am Bread.
I Am Bread was kind of the game where you control a piece of bread and you try to get
to the toaster.
In I Am Fish, you're a fish in a fish bowl and you have to roll a fish bowl to get to
a water source without breaking the fish bowl and dying because you're a fish.
Pigeon Simulator is this ridiculous game where you're pigeon and poop on things and pigeon
things.
So, all look great, all free.
So, go check them out and I'm going to download all of them.
Yeah, that's great.
I love that.
So, that's Trash Bandits.
That's all I had.
All right.
No, that's a great last minute story.
It's completely appropriate.
I will ask, I know Darcy, you don't usually have a ton of last minute stories, but sometimes
you do.
So, you have anything for us?
No.
Okay.
No.
Cool.
All right.
Then we're going to go ahead and start to make the moves to wrap things up tonight.
Great show back.
I really, it was hard to be gone an extra week, but I'm really glad to be back.
As I've mentioned before, we will not be live next week, but we're not, we are going to,
thankfully it works out, we are going to have a show.
So, please be on the lookout on our social media because we're going to be soliciting
your questions to help us build the next show that's coming up.
And I seem to remember an email that had a question we need to still get to to answer
that.
I said we do that the next time we record a show.
So, we'll handle all of that for our recorded in advance show for next Sunday.
So, we will still have something new on the podcast feed for you guys and something new
for those of you that are here for Bobby's show live on Twitch Sunday night, something
to view right after that.
So, that'll be really good.
But we have run really long and I think it's time to wrap things up.
So, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So, I'll start tonight.
My final thought is I've been enjoying playing the games like more of them this week, a diverse
different set of games than just nothing but MMOs.
And I'm going to try to kind of keep doing that and make really good use of my game pass
and stuff and have more games to tell you guys about.
The place where I've been slacking is streaming, which I feel like is always my struggle, but
just with my new job and the traveling that goes into my new job, it's been a little bit
harder to get to that regularly.
But I'm going to hope as we get into the new year, I can really settle down and try to
do that a little more regularly for you guys.
Because I know you all want to see me play Death Stranding.
I know you do.
So, that's my final thought.
I can't wait.
Loki, since you left, you go next.
What's your final thought?
Looks like Pigeon Simulator is much of a simulator of pigeons as Surgeon Simulator was a surgical
simulation.
It's great.
I can't wait to try it out.
All right.
And last but not least, Dark Sakura, I hope you feel better.
I'm glad we were able to.
I would have been really sad if you couldn't be here tonight.
I mean, I would have completely understood, but that would have meant one month of no
Dark Sakura.
So, I'm glad you're here.
Glad you made it through the show.
Any final words of tonight from you?
I have no filter.
I am still completely zoned.
Especially when on the meds.
And I have no fucking filter.
This is the craziest feeling ever.
And I'm kind of digging it, but I'm sorry if I've been a bitch.
It's okay.
A bitcher.
It's a bitchier than usual.
Yes.
All right.
Actually, I'm not really sorry.
All right.
That's it.
Thank you guys so much for joining us here.
Back live tonight.
We'll be back live in two weeks.
We'll be back in a taped form next week.
Thank you guys for being here.
Thanks for your support.
Thanks for sticking with us.
Despite the fact that sometimes the cable knocks out our show for a week or that our
real lives get in the way.
Things happen at the end of the day.
Happy gaming.
Keep the debate spirited, but keep the debate friendly, positive, and peaceful.
And don't be a dick.
That's it.
I'll get off my high horse and roll the credits.
Have a great night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
