This week's axiom is Cunningham's Law, which states,
The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question, it's
to post the wrong answer.
This was proven true again by game developers aplenty proving a foolhardy tweet wrong that
quote unquote confirmed that Grand Theft Auto 6 will look bad.
Too bad the game isn't done yet.
This is the lightest update on the latest AAA gaming bombshell.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
this story and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the Internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again with episode number 931.
That's a lot of shows.
For tonight, September 25th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined as always by my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to, she's working on her TwitchCon cosplay here.
I would say the last minute but it isn't because there's still two weeks.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers who's, who's, oh, sorry, your noise gate is unforgiving
sometimes.
Sorry.
How are you?
I'm doing all right.
I am recovering from a migraine and, sorry.
Oh, it happens, you know, but I have crackle paste.
I ruined the last mask I was working on so I emergency ordered another one.
And my foam crafting is also not going to plan so I am putting crackle paste on this
mask to make the Phantom of the Opera.
No, that would be a half mask anyway.
I am doing the Rift cosmetic for the pig, at least the, the crown, the reverse bear
trap crown with her jigsaw mask and I realized that it would be a lot easier and a lot more
authentic looking if I just use crackle paste and instead of painting.
I would hope that if you are going to cosplay at TwitchCon, you're doing something related
to Dead by Daylight since it is the game that really, it took you, you and Twitch's
relationship to the next level.
I would say the Dead by Daylight community.
You remember I had been streaming and then kind of got bullied off.
Yeah, which stinks, but then you found a pretty accepting community.
So I did and funny enough, I made a friend at the Jiffy Lube who plays Dead by Daylight.
He and his lady friend do and so I may have new friends to play with.
That's awesome.
I know it seems like unfortunately, because my schedule, whatever, we never seem to be
able to connect to play Dead by Daylight on stream, but I hope we can soon, so it'll be
fun.
I play with Phonara quite a bit, but you know, and I always enjoy playing with Phonara, but
I like to expand a little bit and play, you know, give my other friends a chance to enjoy
my presence.
Sure, sure.
I mean, humbly speaking, of course.
We have over in chat over at twitch.tv slash a vog network because we do tape live every
Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Black
Wolf show.
SSJ 100 Matt is wishing you happy Jewish New Year in chat, which I know we were talking
about just before the show.
So.
Thank you.
Thank you for being here tonight in spite of that going on.
Can you believe the TwitchCon is just in two weeks?
Like I was just, you know, kind of thinking about that sales like, oh, my gosh, like,
I'm not ready.
Well, I feel like DragonCon just happened.
And certainly a lot of that was the coat was it did, but it was also the COVID sandbag
that took me out of real life for a couple of weeks.
And now now that things are getting up and going again, I'm like, oh, Snapple, there's
TwitchCon coming up in two weeks.
And did you get the email, by the way, that they're sending out with about your vaccination
and all of that?
Yes.
Everything is up today.
I'm getting this shit everywhere.
I signed up for the clear.
So they're using that clear service, which is you starting to see in more and more airports.
This is not an endorsement.
I've never used it.
I just see it all the time.
I didn't know they did COVID health pass stuff.
But apparently you can do that as well to I don't know if it's cut the line or skip
the line or just maybe it's like TSA pre-check, you have a shorter line.
So I did all that stuff today because you have to take a bunch of pictures and send
that all over.
I could do that.
You actually remind me that I need to update my record because I just had the newest booster.
And everyone, unless you have a medically mandated reason that you cannot physically
take the booster, I don't want to hear your excuse.
I don't want to hear it.
I want to get it.
I'm just trying to figure out the right time to do it.
So you're quoting religion to do it.
Don't you think that your deity of choice would want you to be healthy so that you can
continue to contribute to said faith?
Yeah, just trust all of us that have had COVID.
You don't want it.
And I'm sure at this point, I imagine more of our listeners have had it than haven't.
And we can also tell you that as well.
So anyway, I am, by the way, going to step away for a moment because this was the poorly
thought out idea.
You're fine.
Because I also have to introduce Techmaster Loki.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing fine.
So I notice you do have a game that plays behind you every week as we are broadcasting
live here on Twitch.
I know the podcast listeners can't see it, but I will tell them I easily know that game
because that is the game that I would call the it girl game of Twitch right now.
Because usually there's some games that will be like the it girl of Twitch for a couple
of weeks.
And I would say the last one, maybe still a little bit, was Cult of the Lamb, was very
much the it girl on Twitch.
Maybe before that, I'm trying to think of some of the other it girl games that kind
of like came and went.
Well, Disney, Dreamlight Valley, it seems like a lot of people are doing, but anyway.
Still the it girl.
You have, you are playing trombone champ.
I keep wanting to say trombone hero, but that isn't it.
It's trombone champ is actual name of it.
We don't want to be copyright.
They don't want to be in legal trouble with Activision.
Yes.
And I noticed the thing about trombone champ that's interesting is that most of the music,
if not all of it, is either like public domain or some sort of, you know, song that is in
the public consciousness where they can easily put it into the game.
Like there's a lot of classic songs like Beethoven, Bach, and then there's things like, you know,
I think Hava Nagila is one of the songs where it's things where it's like they're public
domain songs.
That's a hard one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you know, we're longtime music game fans, and I'm sure you want to talk a little more
about this game during your gaming week, but what do you think it is about this game that
is making it the girl of Twitch right now?
It's not taking itself seriously.
For one, it's really strange.
It's a strange game.
It's kind of almost got all that, like, like it's like weird elements to it, kind of like
cookie clicker almost, you know, where it has like, it's like, oh, it's a game about
cookies.
Wait, now there's Eldritch demons.
What?
Yeah.
It's like weird stuff like that.
So this one, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's a trombone game with a character.
It looks like it could be a me.
And then there's also tons of baboons and the chaotic demon and it's like Dark Souls
is weird.
It's frog fractions, but it's trombones basically.
Kinda, not kinda, by the way, if you've never experienced the genius that is frog fractions,
I don't even know if the game is still up and running somewhere, but it's, I think it's,
it's on steam.
I think.
Oh wait.
Oh, that's right.
I think they did release on Steve.
So it's really one of the most incredible gaming experiences you'll ever experience
is frog fractions.
There was a sequel.
I sort of think at that point when you knew what the gag was, I think the sequel kind
of lost effectiveness, but, uh, it's, it's, it's still worth the time was that you didn't
know it was frog fractions too, because it was a different game.
Yes.
And that was the running gag on this show for many shows for a long time was, Oh, this
new weird thing.
Is this frog fractions too?
Is it, is trombone champ frogs fractions too?
No, it's, it's a, it's a fun yet challenging game.
That's for sure.
This isn't the first I've heard of it.
Oh, it's, you know what the, you know, the funny thing about it.
Okay.
So as a music game fan, the actual music game itself, this is literally theater them.
There's three different stage types and theater them.
It's not the one you see the most, but I believe this is the cut scene one where you're just
going up and down and tracing the note it's theater them, but it's theater them with the
trombone and the it's the sense of humor that makes it so that like when you miss notes,
it says nasty.
And when you, Oh, it's the battle stages says Mike Deft.
I thought, no, that those are the ones you commonly see.
This is the one, I think it's the cut scene ones, the movie stages where you are tracing
the note lines and everything.
It's really, it's the same mechanic.
It's just going the opposite direction, which I guess the default mode for the trombone
is also down as up and up as down.
Right.
Because that's the way trombone would work.
Yeah.
No, I fixed that right away.
But it's just, if you listen to it.
What about valve trombone?
I don't think they add any of the other mechanics and that, yeah.
But it's the, it's the noise that the trombone makes.
That's really funny when you're messing up and that's what, and the fact that they call
them tromboners, when you play a trombone, you're a tromboner, which isn't actually what
they're called, but it's, that's part, part, part of the humor in the game.
That's what we called them in high school.
I feel like the people that made this game absolutely were band nerds in the trombone
section.
Like the, and these are all in jokes.
It's hilarious though, is they have like trading cards you can unlock and like booster packs
and stuff like that.
But they're like of like classic trombone musicians was like, who's collecting that.
But it's just ridiculous.
So which Neville brother is in there?
Well, I was just, I hope you, you cannot have a ska band without a trombone.
Like a trombone is an essential part of any ska band.
So I think they do have a ska track in there.
I'm pretty sure there is.
There's also, was it that, that, that track from, um, 2001, a space odyssey?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well, that's a classic.
Zarathustra.
That's a classic.
Yeah.
For the record, here's a true story about me as a band nerd.
I wanted to play trombone and, uh, I wasn't allowed to play trombone because apparently
I don't have the correct shaped mouth to play trombone.
So I played saxophone instead.
Hmm.
Well, I think if they make a sequel to this game, it won't be saxophone champ.
It'll be tuba champ.
It seems likely the likely sequel to this game.
Well, and the other thing, I still want a sax master.
And the other thing I want to say, and then I want to get into the news and stuff is that
with this game, uh, you know, I keep saying it's the girl on Twitch because it went extremely
viral on Twitter.
And I was very surprised that the people that were tweeting this, like all these verified
accounts, including like one of the MSNBC news anchors, like quote, tweeted it and said,
this is the laugh I needed today or something like that.
Like just the little clip of people playing the trombone horribly, I think speaks to all
of us that have ever joined bands successfully or otherwise.
So I think it does.
It does sound like a high school marching band, like practicing music that they are
not familiar with is what it sounds like.
Can you play it with a trombone MIDI controller?
No, no, because that it's, it's, I don't think it's, it's not supposed to be serious, Jamie.
It's a jokey kind of thing.
So, but it shouldn't put like, like a support in there just to be hilarious because I think
it would have been funny.
And actually it's what the modding community's for.
And Bobby said, so Bobby just said it in chat, not yet, but somebody's already modding it
in the MIDI controller because of course they are.
And they've already modded in other songs.
I'm sure.
I think I heard you were talking about a megalovania or whatever that song is from megalovania
shows up in everything, but I was thinking like, how about some early, no doubt songs
like back when they really were scar or some of the other like stuff from the nineties,
you know, boss tones, there's any pain fans.
I introduced you to pain a long time ago.
Are they even still together?
No.
Um, Everest, they have another band that's formed since then, but like pose got like
tenure at Georgia tech.
And so the band kind of fell apart and now it's like a different band, but still pain
is like one of the best bands to ever come out of the South.
All right.
All right.
Maybe they'll show up in the DLC because, Hey, this game's going to make these, these
folks money.
So maybe they'll be able to put some money down for DLC.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic.
We actually have a lot of like Twitch related topics tonight.
I know it's interesting because Jamie and I are talking about Twitch con in a couple
of weeks.
Um, which, which will be the first time I've been in a long time.
Um, I went the very first year, you may or may not recall, um, our voiceover guy, Jason
took me the first year.
Um, and it was, uh, at the Moscone center and we only, I only went for a day.
Um, but that was where, you know, I, I learned a lot just walking around the show floor and
talking to vendors and it really was motivating to like do Twitch.
Um, I didn't quite stay on the wagon for a variety of reasons, but you know, a few years
later when the necessity of VOG, the going through changes and shout cast and all that
stuff, uh, kind of came up and we made the move to Twitch.
You know, it was, it was, I was very thankful.
I had experimented with Twitch before and kind of had some of that knowledge.
In fact, the video capture card that is still in my PC, this new PC, this day I bought
at that first Twitch con when I was there.
So it'd be interesting to see how it's evolved all these years later.
And now that I am a little more immersed in Twitch culture, not just through OLR, but
you know, through my own streaming and participation as well as dark soccer, it'll just be interesting
to see, you know, what this year looks like even just post pandemic, you know, so, well,
Well, I shouldn't say post pandemic, post lockdowns we'll say.
For the record, I actually have included my mask in with, uh, my, uh, what I'm calling
my casual cosplay, where I have a little lower face mask that's a pig going.
So if I need to, um, I have, I have my little pig, pig who half mask, but I'm going to make
this, I'm going to make my cosmetic work.
All right.
Well, we'll do more, uh, Twitch con prep next week and, and try to figure out where people
can find us and all that good stuff.
So there's a variety of meetups going on, uh, throughout the, uh, con.
So I'd love to meet some listeners if you're going to be there.
Otherwise, there's a lot of streamers that I watch that I can't wait to hang out with
and see.
So, uh, it's going to be fun.
My friends.
Yeah, it's gonna be fun.
It's gonna be fun.
Yeah.
And, and if any, by the way, if, if any of the friends are listening, um, I'm going to
be at Disneyland on the 10th and you're welcome to hang out with me.
I will not be going sadly, nothing, nothing.
I just, we, we booked a flight home on Monday and I can't miss too much work because we're
also going to, don't forget, we're going to Seattle just like four more weeks.
So it's, you know, I had reserved the time off before my schedule even changed just to
be sure that I got it.
And I'm very glad that I did because the days I scheduled off for the days, my schedule
changed too.
Nice.
All right, let's move on.
We got other stuff in gaming we want to get to Mike.
We want to get tonight's kickoff topic, uh, which has to do, it's a little bit with Twitch
culture, but I'd say this is more about the game in question, which has not been getting
a lot of great reviews, uh, across the board, but continues to sell like hotcakes.
Anyway, Loki, why don't you start us off here?
I mean, it's not a surprise.
It's the same old complaints over and over again.
It's just, it's like EA is playing this game of how far can we push it before?
It's too much.
And maybe, maybe this time it was too much, but, um, so of course Madden players are upset
over the fact that, um, in game gambling nods of the ultimate team stuff is, um, basically,
I don't know if it's, um, that they don't have them in post yet.
Basically it says, uh, you know, they need better odds, uh, better re-rolls better pack
odds overall with bundles plus toppers, a hundred dollar version of promo bundles should
be enough to complete a master full legend solos reward with B and D champion fantasy
packs, at least top set pieces that can be added into sets to help NMS players.
Um, I wouldn't be spending a hundred dollars on these packs, but whatever.
Uh, so basically they're, the odds are getting harder to get, I guess, good players in those
all the team things.
So what they're doing now is announcing that they're going on pack strike, which makes
sense because a lot of these streams, a lot of them are opening these ultimate team packs.
And I mean, if you're getting like pretty bad polls, and I guess that also would impact
your, your content negatively as well, but you're also paying the money, which is kind
of perpetuating this problem in the first place.
So kind of your fault.
I mean, yeah, I was gonna say, look at Diablo immortal, like so many people were upset about
the, you know, um, microtransaction or whatever you want to call it system in that game.
Um, but because in part of all of these streamers buying into it anyway, and continuing to,
you know, we had all these stories when that game was first out about thousands of dollars
being poured into it and just encouraging others to do the same, that game is easily
in the top 10 grossing mobile games.
No problem.
So message not received.
It's not going to do anything because they've made so much money off of it at this point.
Like it's too late.
You the fact that you're still like, you know, the fact that you even considering, well,
the hundred dollar pack should be enough.
The fact that you're buying a $100 pack in this game in the first place is already a
problem.
Like, I would say yes, but I'm planning fully to drop $100 in theater them.
And I don't want to think about how much I've spent on things like that by daily.
Yeah, no, and I get that.
But this isn't like, you know, you're paying $100 in theater at them to randomly get some
songs.
I know what I'm getting.
Yeah, I know.
In both of those circumstances.
I know what I'm getting.
It's a thing of is like a collector's edition or something like that.
That would be different.
Like if Madden had like a collector's edition, right?
However stupid it would be to charge like say $120 for it or something that did have
these cards in there, but it's they already know what they can get away with.
I mean, hell, just look at the game.
I mean, they're pretty much releasing the same product every year.
They're taking features out holding them for a few years in the magical Disney vault, and
then bringing them back later on and pretending Oh, look at this new feature that you this
is why Madden is great.
It's so innovative.
And it's like this was just what you had a few years ago, except now you're calling it
something different.
So I mean, they already know their target audience just either doesn't care or is too
stupid to figure it out.
And so they are just whatever, we're gonna keep doing what we want, because you can complain
about it all you want, create your hashtags and whatnot.
It's not going to affect us in the least until it does and then they walk it back.
But that's what happened with Star Wars because that was a single player game and stuff.
But you see, whereas they walked it back loop boxes there.
They just doubled down in FIFA and Madden, because they can get away with it there.
I want to get to a couple comments from chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
So SSU 100.
Matt says it's good that the streamers are the ones striking on these.
I wonder if the youtubers will as well.
EA cares a lot about these content creators not pushing their product.
But as we know, regardless what happens, folks will still buy the loot boxes.
Yeah, I mean, and you also make a good point is I would say the strongest statement.
You could make and this also ties into what red entertainment says tracks and theater
them can last for several years, card packs and this year's model of Madden only work
with this year's model of Madden.
And in my opinion, the biggest statement these streamers could make would be, again, similar
in the Diablo universe.
You had a very large website about min maxing a max role.
It's something I've something I didn't know a lot about at the time.
But ever since I got back into Diablo three, as with Alan, like we've been using that site
a lot.
Max role pulled their coverage of Diablo immortal said, you know what, we're no longer covering
this game.
We're going to focus on Diablo two and Diablo three.
We're not going to talk about immortal anymore, basically.
And in my opinion, if the Madden streamers really want to make an impact, I would say
continue to stream Madden 22.
And don't even don't even acknowledge this new game for a variety of reasons.
You know, again, it's I don't want to just shit on a sports game for the sake of shitting
on a sports game.
Like I understand.
Well, but Darkseid, that's not fair, you know, because when they were shitting on DDR,
we had a lot to say about that, right?
Like it's whatever.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But it but it still needs to be said, like, you know, people can have their faves and
all that.
That's fine.
But when it comes to, you know, Madden and how bad 23 appears to be, even if you're a
fan, not just with these, you know, built in issues, but just with, you know, a lot
of the whole like, it's the same stuff, but it sounds like things aren't implemented well
that why not just continue to play Madden 22 and be like, you know what, until EA you
make a game worth upgrading from, we're just going to stick with the game that works, which
for all I know, is probably not even Madden 22.
It's probably have to go back further, to be honest.
And that goes back to something that I always say is, you know, be critical of what you
love.
Yeah.
And we do that a lot here.
Just because you're complaining about your, you know, a game, it doesn't mean that you
don't love the franchise, or you know what it could be capable of, it means that you
care enough to be vocal to give some real criticism about it.
And I'm not just saying you go over the socks, and then you know, not expand upon that, but
absolutely have something that's going to back up your reasoning for your opinion.
And then the second thing about it, put action to it, nothing changes until you make it change.
And look at the boy, the boycott is the right idea.
And I mean, look at the amount of monetization they're doing in a $60 I'm actually I think
it's 60 years at $70 now I don't even know game that really should be free to play at
this point.
If that's all they're doing.
They're not updating the game at all each year there.
It's just literally a roster update.
And like I said, they've been caught even in some versions having the old assets in
the game.
Like, come on, you know,
saving money, but don't be obvious about it.
They're making billions of dollars off of this, like they're not putting any of that
money back into the franchise, it would be different if they're like monetizing the crap
out of it.
But it's just such an amazing groundbreaking game.
It's not that anymore.
It's just, they're not forced to compete.
And so the game doesn't innovate because they have the license, which this is partly NFL's
fault as well, because they're the ones not licensing it to other companies.
And so now the NFL has this crappy game that they get to put their brand on.
I mean, cool.
Mike Deft confirms $70 for man 23 on the PS five, and last gen versions are 60, which is
kind of what we seen.
I honestly, I really think, you know, but obviously EA is going to hate this idea because
it's less money for them, but I really think, you know what, put the effort into making
a solid, fun football game, and then you know what, pay $20 for the licensed annual updates
and put out a really solid game every four years.
Anyway, you're still going to make money off of all these, you know, cards and all these
other things too.
But like, why, why have this ruse of these major changes for 70 bucks?
Why not just do 20 bucks for like an expansion pack?
Why not do the dead by daylight model seriously, you know, put out a new chapter for like each,
each season with the new players or have like DLC in case they've brought in like someone
new mid season or something, you know, I don't know if people actually do that because it's
sports ball.
I don't care.
But I mean, I think that doing that way saves them a lot of time on production because then
they have their base game engine, hopefully perfected.
It's not.
It's not even close to perfect.
It's buggy as hell.
Let me finish that if they have, if they have an engine that works that they have perfected
and put that one into implementation and then just build on that, you know, you know, eventually
it is going to run to a point where they may have to update like whatever their engine
is, but that hopefully won't be for some time because you know, the, the, the engine is
going to be what runs the game.
You're just going to change the shell on top of it and maybe like every couple of years,
you know, have a, we've done this cosmetic upgrade, update your game for the, you know,
for the updated fields or crowd effects or whatever, you know, and that way it's in the
end going to save them money because they aren't going to have to work into, you know,
on the production of a brand new game that, you know, they're going to have to make all
new assets for, even though we've seen proof that they're not doing it.
They can just recycle assets that are going to, you know, if they, if they still are graphically,
you know, fine, then keep using the same assets, you know, maybe, maybe, you know, have upscale
options or something, or, you know, every few years, like I was saying with the engine,
if the engine's been updated, update the, the models as well.
And that way you can, you know, they can put more dedicated time into it, less time than
what they would do to crank out a new game every year.
And you know, also it's kinder to their employees, it's kinder to the market, put out the base
game for 20 bucks and have the updates be, you know, like do a few of them every year.
Because if people pay like, say $15 for an update and they're doing it, say three times
a year, that's $45 per person playing the game, right?
And then you put out the DLC packets, like here's your fan packet.
If you were a fan of the sea chickens or something, I called them sea chickens because Dan calls
them sea chickens, the Seahawks.
But do you see my point?
Yeah, let me, Loki, do you want to jump in or otherwise I'm gonna get to chat comments.
Oh, I was just gonna say, well, they, this is the model that they've already adapted for like,
almost everything that they have, which is basically release unfinished products,
and monetize the crap out of them, and only do something when there's massive backlash to it.
I mean, that's, look at look at Battlefield, that that series is suffering because of the way that
they treated it.
Look at Mommy Madden's just been mad and it's been suffering for years.
But same problem with FIFA too.
Like, they're fundamentally buggy as hell, and unfinished and unpolished.
And considering that they're reusing the same game over and over again, it's really weird
to see the same bugs every single year in that stuff.
Like, it's just, there's really no excuse at this point for this like kind of product,
especially with the amount of money that they have coming in.
It's not a matter of like, we don't have the funds to produce a good game.
It's just they don't care.
They're just giving it all to their shareholders.
And so like, I just don't this is why no one trusts EA to make a good game anymore.
It's just whatever it is what it is.
But used to be the company.
Let me go to chat and get some of the comments here over twitch.tv slash vog network.
So Tiger Claw and chat asks, should Madden be games as a service rather than release
new games every year?
Well, in my opinion, they're trying to monetize the game like it's both already.
And that's there in lies the problem.
They want their they're literally want their cake and eating it too.
And so I think they need to ditch the new games every year and just admit what they're
trying to do, which is the games as a service.
And that also tried to do games of the service member type was it member?
Oh, God was there I can't even remember the game because it's been blocked out of my mind.
They're stupid jetpack games as a service game that folded because it was awful.
That's not sports.
I'm talking matter.
It's EA.
Well, yeah, but I'm I'm pointing out the anthem flop for different reasons.
But anyway, that's true.
And Matt says, I will say in the sports game developers defense, the devs have a very short
window to make each year's game.
They roughly have about eight months to make a new game.
First four months are spent patching updates work.
That's exactly.
But that's exactly what I'm that's what needs to change is that that whole.
Yeah.
And that's that's the same thing I've been trying to say, too, with that whole idea about,
you know what?
Put out a new game every three years and do an expansion pack for the rosters and maybe
one or two cool new features or modes in the off years to get your money there, too, if
you must.
But this whole concept of seventy dollar games every year, like the reality is maybe you
could poop out a game in a year in the Genesis era when these games all first started to
come to, you know, a really big prominence and so forth.
But this is not a possibility in the PlayStation five era anymore.
Games are not developed the way they used to be.
At least games of this scale are not developed the way they used to be.
You know what I mean?
It might have taken one or two people to make trombone champ, but that's a different, you
know, a completely different type of game.
Well, if they're they're hell bent on putting out a game out every single year, then what
you got to do is you got to go the call of duty method where you have multiple studios
working on these games and cycling through them.
So their development time is like three years and you have three studios working on you
making billions of dollars.
You can afford it.
The thing is, they don't want to put the money into it because they're going to make those
billions of dollars, whether they put out a piece of crap or they put out a great piece
of, you know, quality content.
It's such a monetarily minimal difference in what they're going to make, you know, other
than the praise or whatnot.
They just don't care is what it is.
Well, again, the best thing you can do is vote with your wallet.
And, you know, if you don't agree with it, you've got to resist the temptation to buy
the game and especially the DLC that's within the game.
But the reality is, especially in the streaming culture, you know, people you feel that they
need to play those latest and greatest things to get those views.
And that may be true that, you know, there's lots of streamers out there.
And if you're not streaming the thing somebody wants to see, they'll go somewhere else.
But I think even we as people that consume streams have to if we believe strongly enough
that this game sucks and shouldn't be supported, the development behind it, that we have to
stop watching those types of streams.
That goes for much more than just Madden.
That also goes for something like Anthem, which was something that was up my alley.
But the issues with that game were transparent from the very beginning.
And it's really too bad.
So, all right.
Well, let's move on and talk about the games that we are enjoying in a segment called How
Is Your Gaming Week?
And so what are we supporting this week with our playtime?
We'll go to Dark Soccer.
How is your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty fun.
I, of course, was playing Dead by Daylight.
I actually played some killer matches.
I had a factually I had a very funny thing happen.
So I made some new friends.
But let me tell you how I made my new friends.
Gwen had to sign off and we normally play together.
So I ended up playing killer.
And, you know, as I've been wanting to do lately, I've just been sort of fucking off
and letting, you know, letting survivors have a good time, you know, just trying to do my
challenges and letting people out, you know, because so many other killers are big, you
know, stink nuggets.
And then I made friends with two of the survivors in the endgame chat.
And I was like, well, hey, do you mind if I Swift with you?
And they're like, yeah, come Swift with us.
And so I played with them and then we made friends with the killer in the endgame chat
after that.
So I have started following Paisley Panda, that's Paisley with an IE, who is absolutely
a delightful non-binary Dead by Daylight killer learning huntress and absolutely fun.
But I've never had something like that happen.
And I think that it goes back to kind of my whole theory about, you know, if you have
a chance and a reason to be nice in the endgame chat, then sometimes it can work out to your
advantage.
You can make friends and, you know, and then if the person is a shit to you, then you just
make them look bad because you're a nice person and they're not.
But in this case, it was very interesting situation that happened.
I made new friends to play with and found another streamer who does some absolutely
delightful content.
And I had a good time.
Um, I'm also working on at least getting all of my survivors to prestige one.
And I'm trying to talk myself into playing Wesker.
It's just, I don't feel right playing Wesker right now with all of the fucking Weskers
that are every fucking where in the game.
I won't play him either.
Yeah, I can wait on my adapt.
I'm not, I'm not hyper about it.
Um, but, um, I've also of course been playing cult of the lamb, which is a very delightful
game.
Funny enough.
Okay.
So I didn't stream final fantasy for last night like I normally do because we looked
into tickets to see where now and we, um, we missed the chance to get the tickets in
the first place because we had already been to the tour.
It's the one where he does all of his original, like the style parodies and not the actual
parody parodies.
Um, but when we went to the first one, it was all unplugged and this one wasn't, it
was, you know, full on guitars and everything.
It was really fun.
Um, but, uh, we sat with, uh, a couple of guys and one of them had a Triforce tattoo
when we just started talking about games.
Um, and, uh, he's like, so there's this game called cult of the land.
I'm like, oh yeah, I streamed that thing on Mondays and he's like, awesome.
And then I, you know, we, we just chatted for a little bit.
Where was the show?
Is that here in SAC?
It was at the Mondavi center in Davis.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I haven't been there in a long time.
I think I saw Margaret show there once.
You and I saw Margaret show there.
I think that was like the only time I've ever been there.
Okay, cool.
That was, I think the last time I went there and they've really built up around that.
Um, and no, uh, I haven't seen the weird Al biopic yet.
Um, but he did talk about it.
Um, and I'm looking forward to seeing it.
Of course I've seen UHF 50,000 times.
I got engaged to that movie.
But, um, I don't think the bio picks out yet.
Cause I definitely want to see that.
It's November.
Yeah.
And actually Bobby just said that.
Um, but, uh, but I'm really, I'm, I'm looking forward to that.
And of course to getting my, my pinball table.
Um, I played doctor who pinball today and actually had a very decent third ball.
Um, that game likes to drain like a bitch.
Um, but I, I had multi ball happen a couple of times.
Um, and I keep forgetting just how much the Dalek voice in that one, because the speakers
aren't the best, uh, makes my head hurt.
Of course I already had a headache.
Um, but yeah, and of course tonight I'm going to be playing dead by daylight later.
If anyone wants to play with me and Gwen, um, I've also been really hooked on my word
scapes, like unbelievably hooked on my word scapes.
Um, especially now that they seem to have had new, um, new puzzles released.
Cause I'm finally starting to see different words.
Um, I like that one of the words now is Eureka and that, uh, it still doesn't like for me
to, to play body parts.
Although it does recognize that orgy is a word.
It will not recognize butt sex.
Cause remember you can't spell subtext without butt sex.
It's true.
Useful life advice.
Thank you.
Useful.
I learned the hard way.
It's the, it's the same letters.
Um, but, um, I'm also trying to, I, I've, I'm about ready to finish final fantasy four.
So I'm trying to decide if I want to do five or move on to star ocean.
So I'm probably putting a pull up.
I'm personally leaning toward five just cause I haven't played the game in an age.
Yeah.
And I've never played star ocean.
So five is, um, a little weirder because you know, those of us in the U S well, it's just
that like those of us in the U S don't have those high school memories or whatever you
want to call it a five because we never got to play five until when, when did they finally
officially release it here?
Was it in the PS one classic Sarah?
When they finally let us play that game or was it even later than that?
Yes.
So I had played translated copies of it before.
Um, oh yeah.
I remember the translator ROM.
That's how I played it in college, but even the translator ROM had its issues, you know,
it was still, it was still weird.
Yeah.
But all right.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It's character's name was butts.
Yeah.
I always, my, I always translated it as like Batsu as in like, you know, the same spelling
as Batsu from, uh, uh, project justice or, uh, she did to justice.
Kuckling.
Um, so, but there's other people who do it like as Bart's or something.
I just say Batsu.
Yeah.
Um, but I, I don't remember a whole lot of it, even though I've beaten it.
So I'm looking forward to re-familiarizing myself with that.
Um, and again, I haven't played star ocean.
I also have Emerald dragon.
Um, but I'm trying to decide when I play that, if I'm going to do the turbo graphics version,
cause I do own the turbo graphics version.
Um, like a legit Japanese one, or if I'm going to play the, the super Famicom one.
Um, and, and, and, and also I picked up, uh, a game and I don't think he can hear me, but
I picked up, um, uh, Kunio, uh, dodge ball as in super dodge ball.
Oh, super Famicom.
Great.
So I'm, I'm hoping that, uh, spouse gets a kick out of it, even though we've got it on
the upper drive.
All right.
Oh, oh, one last thing.
Yeah.
On teepublic, I found Vib ribbon t-shirts and stickers, and I have a Vib ribbon sticker
now that when, uh, you're doing your gaming week, I will try to find my picture album
and show.
There is a dangerous sale on that site yesterday.
Cause, uh, it's always on, there's always dangerous sales on there.
I know, right?
That's why I got this shirt.
I absolutely want a Vib ribbon shirt.
It's so cute.
And I love Vibri.
In fact, to the point that I've actually been trying, I've been considering finding a copy
of Moji ribbon, even though it's very text heavy.
What is your, what is your shirt?
Loki?
Cause the microphone kind of blocks it for us.
So I can't really see what's on it.
It's a met.
Oh, if you can see it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
It's it's hard to see, but yeah.
Okay.
Oh, and one more thing.
Yeah.
I might've said it.
I ordered a reverse bear trap today.
Yeah.
You mentioned that in the beginning.
That's all right.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's uh, go to Loki and talk about your gaming week.
How was your game?
So, uh, I played mostly Minecraft this week as usual.
I know it's shocking.
It's I've been working on that massive project still, which I just about done with.
I have the main, the main, uh, body done and I'm finishing up with the last bits of the arms and
stuff.
So that'll be coming this week in a video.
I wanted to have it out this weekend, but it's just, it was too massive to be able to finish
this week.
And I tried lots of hours, like 80 some hours in there.
Um, uh, I also played, uh, was it, uh, trombone, uh, champion.
I think that's what it's called now.
Trombone.
Yeah.
Trombone champ.
Very fun game.
Very strange game.
Hard for me to play that.
I don't know, like with the mouse stuff, like, I feel like it's hard to like, kind of move
fast.
If I think I need to adjust some of the settings in there, I've definitely took off the, um,
inverter controls.
Cause that was annoying.
But, um, yeah, it's a funny game.
I like the, the mix between like, it's like, we music almost like the presentation of it
with like baboons and like, what else?
Like they also have like, uh, like, um, all sorts of like weird, uh, sirens and stuff
going off in it.
And, um, it's just a really weird mashup of things, but it's funny.
It's worth checking out.
All right.
Um, so yeah, I wanted to get to monkey Island this week, but I didn't get to that, but hopefully
you soon.
All right.
Uh, my gaming week.
So you might notice if you're watching live on Twitch, I have these giant headphones cause
they're new.
I bought new headphones this week cause my other ones finally died, which was sad and
it was getting very annoying, but it's been nice to actually be able to hear games again.
The, um, the audio is really, it's a, it's a razor crack and, uh, I think this is the
V3, so it was on sale.
So, um, yeah, it does the, it does the chroma lights in it, although they're very hard to
see on the stream right now.
Um, but yeah, so like when I play Diablo three, they turn red and all that silly stuff.
So yeah, it's fun.
It's, it's, it's silly, but it's fun.
But, um, as far as games that I've been enjoying using it, uh, a lot of the same old stuff,
you know, I've also been playing dead by daylight.
I'm getting really close to finishing this tome, which I never do.
I never do.
So that is, uh, that is quite an accomplishment in itself.
Uh, mostly really good cosmetics, by the way, in the rift.
Did you get them?
Uh, no, I'm, uh, when I say finish, I mean, get through the fourth page.
I never even get that far.
So, but I'm only like two challenges away.
So I'm going to stream tomorrow to try to finish.
Cause I'm really close.
I got, I made really good progress on the gen generator.
Okay.
I should, I should be around after work.
I just not sure the specifics for the holiday and that should be after services.
Nice.
Okay.
Yeah, it should be about four 30.
Um, so, um, I'll, I'll be playing a little bit of that, trying to finish that.
And, um, I did a little killer as well.
So, um, uh, I played that all on stream, my own stream on Friday.
Um, I've also been playing Final Fantasy 14.
Uh, I finished the Island, which I think I may have done last week, uh, got my Island
to rank 10.
But this week I actually built every building the farthest it could go.
Um, so I've built all my granaries to level three, all the workshops to level three.
So like literally everything is maxed out.
And then I found out there is another special artifact that you can make, but it is, it's
a really hard crafting project.
So I can either buy the mats for 3 million Gil, which I'm thinking about doing, or I
can just invest in my crafters and try to make this.
So it's, it's called a water otter fountain.
So I'm trying to make that for my Island.
I'm telling you, some people raid, some people glamour.
I am all in on that stupid Island life thing.
It's great.
And I'm so excited for them to make enhancements to it later.
Sounds like animal crossing.
I would say it's, it's definitely influenced by that, but it's, um, more the, um, you
know, the farming SIM games, uh, that are a plenty in Japanese culture that we see over.
Yeah.
All of it, all of it.
So it's, you know, it's, it's not as in depth, but it's definitely inspired by that stuff.
So, uh, let's see, uh, pod culture says you didn't go for the kitty ear version talking
about my headphones to which tape plays games calls me a fake streamer.
Uh, no, I did the, these generic, uh, you know, bland, uh, heterosexual black ones were
on sale.
So I just bought the, cause price always is going to win over functions.
So there is that.
Um, let's see.
So, uh, what else have I played during my gaming week?
Um, I played Assassin's Creed Odyssey a little more than on Wednesday.
I'm still liking that game more than I thought I would.
Um, don't love the boat fights though, because once you get like a full big boat, then you
get into these things where you get into like Archer fights with other boats and these big
boat, I didn't like that part.
It was really clunky to me.
I don't like trying to drive the boat around and all that stuff.
And that part's not fun, but that's otherwise just a blemish on what I'm, I'm still enjoying
as a game.
Um, that was a pretty fun.
Okay.
So Rob, you've talked about most of those games and playing before.
Did you play anything new this week?
Yes, I did.
I did play one new game this week.
And so we actually have a story coming up later in the show about this series of games.
And I decided to jump in and buy one of them.
So it's the Atari recharged games.
So that is exactly the reaction I had.
Is that the collection or is that like just the remade game?
Okay.
They are working on a collection.
There's that there's like a 50 collection.
There's the mini game thing, the WarioWare thing, but with Atari that is coming out in
October.
But I didn't even realize these recharge things, which they've done for Centipede, Breakout,
Gravatar, Asteroids.
Like there's quite a few of them, right?
They've they're out and they've been now I think they were out on Atari VCS first, but
of course, how many people actually bought into that?
And I think Atari start to realize that too.
So they've been doing these releases on Steam.
So the one that I picked up was Yars Revenge Recharge because I love that 2600 game.
I don't know how many of you remember that from back in the day, but here's a little
peek at what it looks like for those that are watching on Twitch.
So you can see it has a lot of the similar mechanic from the first game where you try
to go in, you're trying to either shoot the shields or you can eat the shields.
And then you're charging that giant photon laser that you then try to blast the main
cannon with.
If you've ever played the original Yars Revenge, that will make a little more sense
than if you've never played the game.
Then it just sounds like I'm kind of just speaking of another language, which, you know,
I get it.
But of course, the thing about this game is because it's recharged, it's very pretty,
bright, has that kind of geometry wars.
And literally it's a twin stick shooter now because, you know, the Atari 2600 only had
what the joystick and the one button now.
But of course, they changed it into a twin stick shooter.
But of course, the levels become a lot more elaborate.
So for example, on Twitch, we're watching a stage where you have the main cannon in
the center, but then you have six sub cannons around the main cannon and the main cannon
powers one of the sub cannons at a time to do a different type of move.
So it adds a little bit of chaos into the generic formula or into the regular formula
from the old game, which, you know, might have felt a little generic because it was
on the Atari 2600.
Um, is this game like a revolutionary twin stick shooter?
Nah.
But does it do the nostalgia factor pretty well?
Yeah.
Like I was pleasantly surprised.
I kind of like this a lot more than I thought I would.
So there's that.
So that was another game I played this week was Yars revenge recharge.
And now I'm a little curious to check out maybe some of those other Atari recharge games
as well.
I'm not sure they're all fantastic.
And I think you have to remember they are more inspired versions when, you know, keep
in mind Atari 2600 games fit into 4,000 kilobyte cartridges.
Most of them, that's 4,000 characters.
Okay.
That's a lot to squeeze into a cartridge.
And so the game loops in these game games were very simple.
And so these recharge games are just kind of enhancing that game loop with some graphics
and some other little, but they're not going to totally reinvent the game because remember
there was like a Yars revenge sequel they did on like Xbox 360.
And it wasn't, it wasn't that good because it just completely deviated.
It's like they just took a new type of shooter game and put the Yars revenge name on it.
So yeah.
Tiger call is actually talking about it.
I remember when they tried to reboot this game as a rail shooter, it was a name only
good thing they made what looks like a true remake of the original.
I'm not sure I would call it a remake of the original, but yes, I otherwise get where you're
going with that comment is that it, it, it retains the spirit of the original much better
than a rail shooter, which, you know, was just any old other rail shooter did.
So.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says I played asteroid and centipede recharge.
They're fun, but I think my one complaint was that it's a one life and you're done
game instead of three.
But again, that kind of goes back to some of the old game loops.
Although I think, you know, even asteroids in the arcade and centipede, you did have
three lives.
So I think in this one and yours, you have three health States.
So that might be the type of thing they're doing instead is that instead of three lives,
you get three health States.
So I, but I haven't played those other ones yet, but I'll probably pick them up.
I enjoyed yards, revenge recharged enough to go.
Okay.
Cause it was only 10 bucks.
And I think missile command recharge is like three bucks right now.
So, you know, they're not trying to charge 60, 70 bucks for them, which is good.
Cause that, that would be laughable.
It would never get that.
They'd never get that.
So 10 bucks, that's a lot more reasonable.
So yeah.
All right.
We're going to get into some more gaming news.
First though, I just want to remind everybody.
We will be here live next week on October 2nd.
We will not be live on October 9th as mentioned plenty during the show.
Otherwise dark soccer and I both are going to be in San Diego at Twitch con.
We will not be back in time for the show.
I don't fly back till Monday.
And you heard dark soccer earlier say she's doing Disneyland on Monday.
So we won't be back in time for the show.
So it'll be Bobby will be here that night though.
So you can certainly tune in to VOG network and check out Bobby black Wolf.
Maybe he'll run long.
Maybe he can call you next week or in two weeks.
Loki.
I don't know.
Or Loki.
I don't know if you're planning on doing a stream or anything, but just take a night
off.
You earned it.
It's hard to say.
Hard to say you didn't earn it.
So there's no time to take time.
I have to keep making stuff.
So you have to keep mining and crafting.
All right.
Let's tell you how many, how many, how many materials are 300,000 blocks, 185 shulker
boxes worth of materials.
I was gonna say, I thought your last build was something like 200,000 blocks.
You said this one is 300,000.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we'll, we'll keep an eye out for the YouTube.
All right, let's move on.
Let's get into tonight's first story, which has to official first story, which has to
do with some other ongoing Twitch issues of which there were several this week.
So there was a lot.
Start us off with the first couple Loki.
Twitch has had a week.
So starting things off, there was a live stream by a streamer known as a slicker who basically
admitted to after being called out about it to stealing, or I should say, scamming people
out of $200,000 to fund his gambling addiction.
So he was, I guess he was betting on CSGO stuff.
I'm not really sure if that was the case.
I thought it was sports betting is what I thought it was, but may have been CSGO.
Who knows?
It doesn't matter.
So he, he came out and basically he was going and asking people like making up stories like,
Oh yeah, my funds are frozen.
He would go ask his streamer friends.
He would ask his viewers, just ridiculous stuff.
And then finally admitted to it.
Tape, thankfully, just tape play games in our chat is clarifying.
CSGO is what first ignited it, but it was sports betting.
Yeah, I thought it was sports betting.
And I think it was more than 200,002.
I think it ended up being like 350,000, but it was a lot of money they scammed out of
different people.
So there was that, that kind of kicked everything off.
So then when people started hearing about it, of course, reacting to it and stuff, there
was this movement by Pokimane, Mizkif, and I think others as well that had been Devin
Nash, I guess, who had been threatening to boycott Twitch for a week during Christmas
to perform or to protest their kind of supporting these gambling streams, lax policies on them.
So they made this like they were talking about and stuff like that.
So then fast forward to shortly thereafter where Twitch comes out.
Just jump in before you get to the Twitch thing.
I have to say it because I know there's plenty of you that are thinking it and there's a
lot of people that are saying this.
In fact, there's Bobby Black Wolf into chat saying this, too.
It's amazing.
And Bobby says it's amazing how these top tier streamers know they can throw their weight
around like this, but they were silent during the hate raids.
Actually, not all of them were silent.
I believe some of them were on record because when you do YouTube, you do these streamings,
you have these clips out there.
Some of them were on record saying, and I quote, what was the hashtag they were using
for the Twitch day off for that?
A day without Twitch, I think was what they were calling it.
I'm sorry if I'm messing the name up.
It was a few months ago, and I don't recall.
But with some of these streamers, the same people, some of them were on the record saying
a day off Twitch will never work.
And yet with this now they're going and they're saying this is what we need to do.
So it definitely looks not good now.
You know, I think Pokimane are one of them, and I'm sorry if I'm misattributing.
I don't have look, I'm a grown ass man.
I don't have enough time to follow a lot of this Twitch drama and who said what and he
said she said and all this crap.
So I can really only look at the bottom line sometimes.
But one of them went on record and said like, well, I've learned a lot since then.
And you know, I was trying to be quiet.
I was trying to do things behind the scenes last time and make change happen.
But I've learned since then that you have to get loud.
OK, so I will smile, acknowledge politely one clap.
Your evolution that you've come full circle and you realized, but you have to understand
it is incredibly frustrating for many people when you were supposed to have their backs
during this hate raid crisis that you as a big streamer came off as not caring because
it's not something that affects you.
Or can't you just put your stream into follow only mode or any of this stuff?
Because unfortunately, a lot of these big streamers have not had to deal with being
called a slur, whether racial, sexual, other type of minorities.
I mean, look at the most popular streamers.
Most of them have never had to deal with being called a slur before.
So they clearly don't understand the psychological toll that it takes on a lot of people and
that it's much more than just clicking a button to make it all stop and go away.
So I that part has to be said because there's there's a lot of voices out there, especially
folks, you know, people of color and other minorities out there that are saying like,
where were y'all when it was the hate raids?
And it does need to be said like, again, I can applaud evolution.
And OK, we do need if you got to educate people and if people are showing they're educated,
then OK.
But it also seems like and I got to be honest, I'm not trying to poopoo gambling addiction.
It's a serious issue.
It's a serious thing and so forth.
But it's it's also kind of like one guy's issue that really blew up.
And I understand that there's also much more gambling stuff that's on Twitch, especially
when we get into the CD crypto sites and that type of stuff.
And I completely understand that Twitch at the end of the day is ultimately responsible
for what's on its shelf.
Right.
A store, if they don't want to carry something on the shelf, they don't have to carry that
particular item on the shelf.
Yeah, I'm just surprised that this is what they decided to address.
That's that's the weird thing that it took this for you to decide crypto gambling was
something that maybe should be addressed or I don't know.
They're trying to I get the sense they're kind of trying to say now that, well, we were
going to do this the whole time and now we're going to unveil our policy today because of
all this chatter that's been going on.
It just the timing is a little.
Yeah.
Tay says, I'm surprised you're surprised.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Nothing should be shocking anymore.
Yeah, I get it.
It's just it's just the timing.
Sus, right?
That whole thing.
So because they're they're supposed to be making the ads so that they made it.
Twitch came out later on, said, Yeah, we're basically going to crack down on some things.
So they're going to be making a policy update on the 18th, which is really random.
That's on Tuesday to prohibit streaming of gambling sites that include slots, roulette
dice games that aren't licensed in the US or other jurisdictions that provide sufficient
consumer protection.
These sites will include stake.com, rollbit.com, dual bits and roulette.com.
However, they may identify others as they move forward.
Sports betting, fantasy sports and poker are still going to be continuing to be allowed
on the site.
I do want to make I just want to make sure I'm very clear on something, too, because
I'll get corrected on it.
Regardless, I a couple things here.
So a lot of this has to do with these crypto gambling sites and things that are a lot more
shady.
And what's really shady about it was that they were paying big name streamers, basically
giving them free money on the house money, lots of big money to make big bets on these
sites that for all I know now, I don't I don't know how to always find the scenes, but for
all I know, could have been rigged to ensure that because, you know, you can tell a slot
machine what the payout should be.
So it could it could easily be rigged for a certain user to make sure that they are
actually going to win on that money to entice other people to come into that site and spend
a lot of money.
That is the part that the CSGO gambling stuff.
Yeah, exactly.
That's the fucking shady part that no one anywhere, including Twitch should.
And I'm surprised that these well, again, I'm not surprised, but you know that these
big name streamers on Twitch are willing to tie their entire identity to it.
And none of them are going down with the ship, which is fascinating to me.
But y'all make your choices about who you want to watch.
Cool, cool.
There's a lot of other streams out there.
Like I know like on YouTube, I have a friend, a really good friend of mine who loves gambling
YouTube's and like so what she watches, she watches people go to Vegas and they film like
with it.
I didn't even know Vegas will let you do this, but apparently they will because it's all
promo for them.
They will film themselves playing slot machines and put it on.
But they're walking into an establishment, playing the actual game and filming it and
then, you know, putting it out for better and for worse, because usually it goes the
other way onto YouTube.
And I like there's big conventions for this stuff and all of it.
But there's a huge key difference.
It's not crypto.
It's licensed in the US and it's the person that goes in and sits down at the machine
is getting the exact same thing that anyone who comes in and walks in place that machine
would get.
So yeah, I've had someone made comments about how I don't know if they had gambling issues
or someone they knew had gambling issues that like watching these streams because like not
the obviously the crypto ones, but like the slots streams where they're not always winning.
So it's not like, you know, it's kind of more reinforcing the fact that, yeah, you know,
I may have these, you know, compulsions to play slots, but there's a good chance I won't
win this stuff, like kind of bringing you back to reality, I guess, instead of, you
know, a big dopamine hit that, oh, my God, you're going to make so much money off this
stuff.
Yeah, that's kind of a unique tech.
I haven't heard that before.
But yeah, I know some of the people behind all this stuff like Pokemon and stuff like
that.
I mean, let me get into it.
There are strangers of controversy.
Let's put it that way.
There's a lot of comments in chat here over twitch.tv slash vog network.
I want to get to some of these tape plays games.
A lot of good insight here saying hate raids against 10 viewer count.
People are irrelevant to Twitch.
The site is so insanely top heavy that unless it's an issue impacting the top 5% of streamers,
Twitch is going to give us platitudes and empty promises.
Correct statement.
It sucks.
But that is the way it's been for a lot of things.
YouTube is honestly no different in that regard.
And a lot of these sites, you know, they're going to cater to the people that are having
the most views and all of this stuff.
And, you know, to hell with the 10 viewers and so forth, which sucks.
It was only when all of those 10 viewer channels banded together and put their foot down and
said, this shit needs to change.
Now, Twitch, the Twitch finally came out and I'm talking about the hate raids, of course,
finally came out and did something and, you know, showed the new tools and the changes
they were doing with all of this that I hope we continue to hear more about how people
can protect themselves from harassment on this platform at TwitchCon, because we know
they're saving something under the curtain to unveil at the TwitchCon keynote.
There's going to be some silly new feature that's going to make Twitch money because
Twitch really needs to make money right now based on some of these other things Loki's
going to get to.
But what I think I'd love to hear more about and I'm sure DarkSakura would love to hear
more about and lots of people out there would love to hear more about is, again, how can
I what are the tools to better protect myself from harassment on this platform in order
for me to invest myself more in it?
So that would be what I'd love to hear in a keynote.
Anyway, let me get some more comments from chat.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, but what if you have a podcast or talk show on Twitch where
you're talking about gambling and crypto, giving people advice about gambling and crypto?
Aren't those just as bad?
Kind of, it's all in how it's framed.
I would say kind of, yes, because you're glamorizing it.
But are you taking the responsibility to say, while you're saying that, to also say, here
are some issues, here are some things you can look for to see if you might be addicted
to gambling.
And I'm not talking about just throwing out a 1-800 ever and saying, if you or somebody
have a loved one have a gambling problem, call 1-800.
No, no, that is that is that there is no meat on that bone that you're throwing that crowd.
Okay, there's not even meat on that bone.
At least taking some steps on how to identify.
And again, I would say the really big issue is the site paying the streamer to gamble
and win so that other people are encouraged to do that.
That was the big problem there.
Buying reviews.
Well, yeah, it's buying reviews.
It really is.
And I want to get to this where Tay plays games, says in chat, morality for those people
tends to go out the window when they're quite literally making millions of dollars from
streaming deals with crypto gambling.
Not saying it's right or that I agree with it, but it's very understandable why people
would sell their souls.
And that's a very I'm trying to get the right word here, but it's a good point.
And it's just one of those things where it's one of those some pills are hard to swallow
and that is that is a hard one to swallow.
But absolutely true is that everybody has a price and some are just showing theirs pretty
openly with this.
So that's legit.
Tay also.
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
I'm just saying how much is your are your ethics worth?
Yeah.
Tay in chat also says, agreed, Rob.
Solidarity means banding together to protect ourselves because we sure as fuck won't get
it from Twitch, nor will we get support from the largest streamers.
They won't rock the boat.
So I'm glad, though, at least the small streamers are holding the large streamers accountable
with a lot of this.
With a lot of this.
So and we should always continue to do so.
So let's see, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, there are those coin machine games drop a
coin and it pushed the other coins down on YouTube that are strangely pleasing to watch.
But again, I feel like, again, doing YouTube's of those where you're walking into a Dave
and Busters or whatever it is and it ethically you're all you're doing is you're just filming
what you're doing anyway.
You're not getting paid by the site to do it.
The odds are no better or worse than any other person that would walk in there.
So your odds are you're going to see defeat more than you see winning.
I think there's a lot of stuff there where it's like, you know, I understand it.
And actually, you know, again, a lot of people might scratch the itch, so to speak, by watching
that stuff on YouTube as opposed to going down and spending a bunch of money themselves.
So I see some things out of it that might be good as well.
I see them as very, very different things.
DGRMS and chat says on a side note, I know someone who lost his fiance over gambling.
He kept spending his money on gotcha games, and that's a very good reminder, especially
as we're talking about this Madden stuff at the top of the show and all this other stuff.
Very good reminder that gambling is not just 777.
There is much other different forms of gambling than just 777.
And of course, you know, I'm speaking about a slot machine when, you know, that whole
thing you're talking about Final Fantasy 7, where you get the all sevens and then I sure
am not.
Hi, Siri.
Yeah, sorry.
Sometimes I go on rants and Siri thinks I'm talking to her fill of nine, fill of nine
and chat says money and profit are always prioritized.
And especially when we hear and I got to let Loki get to these other parts of things going
on with which when we hear about some of these, oh, yes, profit is very much prioritized
right now.
I want to get to some of these other comments in chat.
Godets says I can't tell if it's because of the drama recently or because gambling agencies
are looking to broadcast elsewhere, but I've been seeing ads for gambling websites recently
when I never used to see them because people are starting to find loopholes with gambling
laws is a huge part of it.
And I think while it's still open season on this stuff until they lock some of it down,
I believe we have propositions on the ballot here in California about very much this sort
of thing.
My gosh, yeah, we had.
Yeah, they're doing some crazy claims about different things on.
I've seen commercials because I'm watching Peacock now and they have commercials.
It's everywhere.
So let's see.
And TigerClaw in chat says gambling can really affect one's mental health.
Absolutely.
I mean, when we talk about gambling addiction, that is a mental health problem at the end
of the day, right?
And some people have to admit that they may have a problem.
And again, it is much more than saying, you know, if you or a loved one have a gambling
problem, call 1-800-STOP-GAMBLING or whatever the number is like in such a half-assed thing
to try to cover your ass.
I think you have to really talk about like if you're again to answer the question that
came up earlier about what if I have a podcast that talks about this type of stuff you need
to really focus and give long, hard insight as to what gambling might look like.
So it's not just slot machines and Kino, you know?
Well, and it's gotcha in this too.
Absolutely.
Card packs, booster packs, all of it.
Yeah, all of it.
I mean, anything that has some sort of random chance is technically a gamble.
Um, but it's all in the way it's done.
If it's, it's just, it's just really, really sticky.
I mean, and if one wants to really, you know, go into it every day, you make a decision
as a gamble, but those decisions aren't necessarily ones that are going to ruin your life and
the lives of others, or, or especially you remember, um, when we did Neopets back in
the day and Gaia online, those things were technically kid gambling, you know, they had
some of those different aspects in it, you know?
I mean, hell, uh, both of them had their own freaking stock markets practically.
Speaking of kid gambling, this is where the chat comments are going right now.
Tiger Claw in chat points out Pokemon Go is a gotcha as well.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Um, Tay plays games says you guys didn't talk about it, but one other point, Twitch
sorts by default from highest to lowest.
And this site is visited by a lot of kids who literally see the top 10 streams and two
or three of them are shady crypto slots.
That type of content is very front and center to developing minds.
Oh, that is an excellent point.
Although, and I'm not, I'm not trying to, what about your point?
I do want to make sure you're yes.
That point I did notice though within the past week and a half or so that Twitch stopped
showing me viewers high to low, even with my own following list.
And now it shows me who you most want to watch.
We think I hate that.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I only care about the people I'm following because I followed them for a reason.
Yeah.
So anyway, all right.
We have talked about, oh, Tay plays game says I'm part of an experiment.
It's not like that for everyone yet.
Well, I'm open to experimenting, you know, I wish I would have been asked first, but
that's all right.
Okay.
So I didn't know that wasn't open to everyone first, but again, I'm not trying to dismiss
the point.
I just try to, I have it right now.
Yeah.
I was thinking in my brain, I was like, is that why Twitch did that was to try to get
away from that.
But I sort of think at the end of the day, especially if you're new to Twitch and you
haven't established that pattern of what you like, then of course they're going to show
you the top streams and a lot of it's going to fall into this whole type of thing.
So I do have to say, though, that the streams that's been showing me lately are people
that I'm already following.
So maybe it is working.
I don't know.
Derek JH in chat says, but with my special system, I can't lose.
It's like free money.
Oh, well, you must be in the same program that XQC did I name names that those folks
are in that are playing those games online that basically the house is giving them money
and the house is letting them win.
You must be in that same program.
Congrats.
He's the good guy because he's giving back half of the money that that guy scammed the
other people out of.
So he's the good guy, right?
Anyway, there's been more Twitch drama this week.
I mean, that's enough Twitch drama to fill a week.
But let's let's talk about.
But wait, there's more.
There's more.
So then Twitch decided to come out and tell everybody about their brand new revenue split.
That's right.
So now what they're going to be doing as well is they're going to be updating the monetization
of some of their larger partners.
Um, I think it's really right now, some of the partners have a special 70 30 revenue
split right now.
But that's going to change to 50 50.
What they're saying is they're basically going to the ones that have that special, I guess,
deal right now it's going to be for the first 100,000 that they make are going to be 70 30.
Then afterwards, it's going to be 50 50.
And then everything else is going to be 50 50.
The reason why they're losing people, the reason why and this is the best part, this
is some mental gymnastics for you.
The reason why they say they need to drop that split and take more of that money, by
the way, also pushing more ads on the platform that also hurt people finding new streamers
is because Amazon Web Services is expensive.
And it's just too expensive for them to run a company that uses Amazon Web Services.
Because that that company Amazon just charges them too much.
Wait, hold on a second.
No, no, they're owned by Amazon.
So that doesn't make any goddamn sense.
So they're basically saying that, you know, Daddy company is charging me too much money
for this company to run.
What?
Like, that doesn't make any sense.
But that's the excuse is that it costs too much to run.
So their revenues, they tried to put out that stat that was like somebody who streams for
what was it for 100 concurrent viewers, 200 hours would cost them like 1500 bucks or so.
I don't know what the what the number was more than that it was it was for 100 concurrent
streamer or 100 concurrent viewers for 200 hours a month are more than a thousand costs
more than $1,000 per month for them.
Let's put it this way.
If you are a streamer, that's making that's that's putting out 200 hours worth of streams
in a month.
That's a lot of that's a lot of stream time.
And you're holding 100 concurrent concurrent viewers through them.
You are by far in the top percentage, probably decimal fractional percentage of Twitch and
crypto gambling sites probably want to partner with you.
Like that's a lot of money you would probably be making a ton of money from just streaming
in general, that they would be taking a portion of anyways, yes, telling me that you can't
pay $100 or $1,000 to run that, that that's too much for you, which I don't believe because
Amazon's a trillion dollar company.
And like, I just don't believe that.
I'm sorry.
It just doesn't.
Who are you trying to convince here?
Here's the thing.
And did your own mess and chat says if you're pulling 100 K a month, the 70 30 split ain't
going to break your bank.
It's actually it's 100 K on a rotating calendar year.
So but that's still you know, you're talking about people that I have 100 and that's just
what they're making off Twitch.
That doesn't count any type of other licensing deals, sponsorship deals, merchandise deals,
direct PayPal donations and things of that sort, convention appearances for some of them
and those sorts of things.
So it's 100 K on a rotating.
I mean, but that's still that's a decent chunk of change, right?
And here's the thing.
If you're pulling 100 K a month, the 70 30 split ain't going to break your bank.
And there is a part of me that certainly lands on that side of the fence where it's like,
well, it's hard to feel super innocent.
Isn't this interesting?
My how the tables have turned because now here's something where the partners could
really use the little people in this fight.
Anyway, but I think where this bothers people is there were a lot of people at that affiliate
level that wanted to grow into 70 30 and had those dreams of getting bigger and so forth
and so on that now they're not going to be able to do because, oh, Twitch is starting
to pull back a little bit.
And I think, again, another big problem here is optics, optics, messaging, messaging.
And very clearly, this statement that has come out.
Has this issues was not run by any sort of audience that was going to give an honest
feedback and honest assessment of what was going on with this statement and so forth.
Because a smarter way to have rolled out a message like this would have been we're going
to be changing the split here, but here's another way that you can earn money or here's
something else we're going to be putting in place.
Well, they're upping their ad revenue split.
So you get 55 percent of that now, which is beans from the vast majority of people.
And the only way you do that is to opt into three minutes of ads in an hour, which I think
you can time the ad yourself.
Most people are too lazy to do so, so they run the automatic ads.
I've gotten on this boat before.
I don't want to repeat myself too much, but I'm just going to say automatic ads on a small
channel, you are kneecapping yourself severely to growth.
Huge difference, huge, I want to make sure I'm clear, huge difference between automatic
ads and I need to go poop.
I'm going to run an ad while I'm pooping.
Because with an automatic ad, you're missing content and I can't tell you how annoyed.
Nothing gets me to turn a channel off faster.
And there are some big streamers that do this, even ones that play Dead by Daylight.
I'll be watching and they're right at the end of the match.
It's like, oddly enough, it's all killer streams I've seen do this.
Watching a match and are they about to get a forehook?
Oh, and then an ad jumps in, cuts off the rest of the match and comes back to the screen
where everybody's going and it's the wrap up of the match.
So I completely missed the climax of the match because the automatic ad, I turn those
streams off.
I unfollow them if I'm unfollowing the streamer, because that is garbage content that they're
putting out.
And that is the truth.
Experimented with the automatic ads.
Oh, you experimented with them?
I experimented with it.
I did it for like a month because I figured a month would be enough time to see how well
it worked.
I did the recommended thing to get the 55% revenue, whatever that Twitch was preaching.
And I found it to be more annoying than anything else.
So I'm doing another experiment right now where I'm doing a 30-second ad once an hour
to see if it's any better for people.
Because honestly enough, I'm going to forget.
Um, and so far, I think it's been a little bit less obtrusive, although I will sometimes
go ahead and just run one to run one instead.
But I really did not like that, that three minutes every hour bullshit.
I thought that it really annoyed people.
People would complain about the ads more to the point where I'm like, yes, I know, stop
telling me, you know, and now I'm there.
There's a benefit to having automatic ads if it's not something that you would likely
remember to do.
But I have mine set at the very bare minimum, and I'm going to see exactly how it works.
While I completely respect whatever choices you want to make with your content, I just
even with the short ads, really think about what content you might be sacrificing to do
that because we talked about earlier, how much is your content worth?
And I just testing it out.
Yeah, that's all I'm doing is testing it.
I would be curious if you look at the revenue you make off that I think you're really going
to assess the same worth it just about nothing.
I mean, to be perfectly honest, I've switched it back about two weeks ago.
And I don't see any point I would it's like you were saying earlier, I'd rather run the
ad when I go to the bathroom, you know, exactly all the time.
Well, it's a good idea to just get stretch and hydrate once an hour.
Anyway, it's a good reminder to you to do that, right?
Well, I mean, this is why I stream when I do because I, I start at four, five o'clock,
I go feed the cat, you know?
Yeah.
And but I wanted to see how it worked.
I figured giving myself a few weeks of of testing it to see how it is in the real world.
I would rather participate in it and form an opinion based on my, my experience, then
to, I guess, read and guess about it, I would rather see it in action.
And now that I've seen it in action, I can flat out say, yeah, shit.
And thank you for reminding me, I meant to change mine back this week.
Nothing wrong with an educated perspective.
I'm not gonna exactly I want on that.
I'm a firm believer that, I mean, I think that you can form a better opinion when you're
in the situation, you know, rather than just on looking at the straight details of it.
And I wanted to see how is this working?
I'm not a big streamer.
It's not gonna affect me that badly to test it out.
Um, but honestly, it was it was it was shit.
It was really shit.
It was annoying.
And I would watch because whenever I'm playing, I keep my dashboard open so that I can see
when the ads are coming up and when my pre the pre roll is disabled and all of that.
And it was just as easy for me to set it when I got the warning about about pre roll coming
up.
Yeah.
Now going to some of the comments from chat as she 100 Matt says, I think going from 70 30
to 50 50 is a big shift on short notice.
Folks have made this into a career.
If your employer is telling you they're going to be taking out for more of your paycheck,
don't be surprised if your employees leave.
And I think a big thing I'm hearing everywhere right now is diversify, diversify, diversify.
Do not put all of your eggs into twitches basket, which is exactly what which does not
need people doing right now if they really are in these, you know, dire financial straits.
And that goes back to the comments.
Somebody had talked about a billion.
Oh, as Joe and Hunter Matt said to play devil's advocate, Amazon spent a lot of money, 1 billion
to acquire Twitch.
If the service by itself is not returning on that investment as readily, why not reduce
the split?
If Twitch is Amazon's weakest revenue, just speculating, but don't know for sure.
Why not try to get more out of it?
It's just all of the money arguments are really hard to look at when you look at how much
Jeff Bezos puts in his pocket every minute.
Versus from nothing is pretty, pretty bullshit.
That's that's that's the very hard pill to swallow is that that's what makes all of this
like it look like look like bullshit and all is just because meanwhile, Jeff Bezos is still
pocketing how much?
And I'm supposed to feel sorry for the bitch, I don't.
The thing is, is that if they expected to make a lot of money on people playing video
games, they shouldn't have.
They should have just stuck with our cloud service and not deal with Twitch.
Twitch is kind of a niche.
I'm going to say it.
I mean, with as big as the as the events that they have and some of the streamers that they
have, it's still, you know, it's not something I would have expected to be.
A very big moneymaker.
I'm just going to be honest.
Yeah.
Quest Buster in chat says a streamer I sometimes watch has shifted more of their effort to
making YouTube content after one of their videos went viral for them and started generating
more revenue for them.
They get a few hundred viewers per stream.
Now they put a lot of work into making YouTube videos based on topics they want to cover
and get a solid return and haven't been shy about saying that.
Yeah, YouTube makes me a lot more money at this point than Twitch.
But here's one of the problems.
YouTube could also go ass up and do something that is not.
We've seen them do this before with copyright strikes, banning channels that shouldn't
be banned, silencing, shifting revenue streams.
YouTube is not some fucking holy land.
Let's get that 100% clear.
YouTube has problems all of its own.
So if you think the grass is greener over on YouTube, have fun when you take that Astro
turf injury in fall fall hard.
Well, I'm just saying right now with YouTube, they're doing I mean, and we're we can only
talk about the present.
I mean, obviously, we don't know what the future is going to hold.
But right now, the moves that they're making are seem to be benefiting content creators.
So they're adding a way to monetize shorts now.
And they're allowing, you know, ways to get more into a partner program with with the
shorts as well.
They're introducing a new music monetization system that you'll be able to license music,
like, and even with the shorts, you can use licensed music in your shorts.
So they're they're making it a little bit easier in that sense, you know, to do that.
Honestly, I probably will be streaming from YouTube, because Twitch does.
It's not really a growth avenue for me.
I think I think I have a better chance of getting revenue from YouTube than I do from
Twitch.
And that's totally fair.
You got to do what speaks to you.
Absolutely.
Let's see a entertainment says they monetize shorts to compete with TikTok and Instagram.
Yep.
Bobby Black Wolf says to be fair, Loki's audience is already on YouTube.
So makes sense to stream.
They're also true.
Let's see other comments here.
Take place game says Twitch is giving us numbers based on Amazon Web Services, which they
themselves fucking own is insulting.
Business wise, those costs are 100% written off as operating losses.
So Amazon can reduce their taxes anyway.
Oh, 100% don't pay any tax.
The messaging was so bad in how they delivered this news so bad that it really makes you
wonder if they even bothered to proofread the stinking product.
Godets and chat says I will say candidly, this sort of thing talking about a response
to fifth dream saying let's demand a return to Justin TV.
I will say candidly, this sort of thing screams opportunity.
YouTube's been falling flat on streaming service improvements, although they are trying.
I wonder if any other service can come around to eat Twitch.
Well, thank God Facebook has finally realized they aren't it because that was that was the
one service I did not want in this fucking.
Yeah.
And unfortunately, we need to have like Twitch to survive, too, because competition is the
only thing that's going to make these things better because the Twitch goes under.
Well, all that nice stuff with YouTube we were just talking about.
Bye bye.
And it was like there's a couple comments in chat talking about Mixer.
And I agree, like Mixer, I'm still a little surprised at how Mixer kind of finished.
I mean, yes, I guess there were management leadership problems at Mixer, but it's one
of those things where it's like, dang, like Mixer in the mix right now would really change
this game a lot.
I hope Microsoft, to some degree, still recognizes that.
Oh, for the record, I just turned off ads manager
and they gave me a big old survey to fill out because they want to know why.
And I think it's very interesting that that they're taking the feedback on it, like even
to the point, oh, you might win an Amazon gift card.
I'm like, I could use it right now.
I need all my, you know, cosplay stuff.
But the other thing on there, though, that I wish that they would switch to if they're
going to do ads are the stream display ads that they have.
Where your window gets a little bit smaller and you have a little banner underneath it
and it's not obtrusive.
You're not missing content.
Yeah, absolutely.
I want to get one more comment here from TayPlaysGames.
Now I got to move on because it's already an hour and a half in the show.
So we got to pick it up with these other news stories.
But this is good stuff.
I'm not, you know, we talk about what needs to be talked about.
TayPlaysGames says Facebook gaming was embarrassing, but I know multiple queer streamers were offered
one year Facebook gaming contracts.
They got their bag, held their tongues for a year, and now are back on Twitch.
I say make that paper, babes.
Absolutely.
Make that coin.
I mean, I'm not watching, but, you know, profit off other people do it.
Like, you know, take the moment.
Honestly, I still wouldn't have done it because I don't want to support Facebook.
Yeah.
Well, everybody's got a price.
I'm speaking for me anyway.
Would I would I have shut my fucking mouth?
For the right price.
So all right.
Well, yeah.
But then again, when's the last time I looked at my face?
But let's be clear, it's a high price.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Like if they're going to pay me enough to be off work for a year and pay all my medical
bills, then yeah, I'll do that.
I'll take a leave of absence from work.
I'll stream for a year and then I'll shit talk them after.
If if I suddenly come around and I start saying, oh, I love Facebook.
Facebook's a great thing.
I can't wait to do more stuff.
I'm going to partner up with Facebook.
One of two things happened, I guarantee you.
Number one, somebody paid me a lot of money.
Number two, Zuckerberg is no longer the CEO.
One of those two things happened.
Blink once if they have you blink twice.
All right.
You know, what would be funny is to take that money and then put it toward the anti-Facebook
legislation.
Hey, all this money you gave us.
Yeah, we're going to use it to piss in your cornflakes, Facebook.
Just saying.
All right, let's move on.
Let's talk about some other gaming news.
We may have to touch on some of these a little bit faster just because we're already an hour
and a half into the show.
I want to get to this next story, which has to do.
And by the way, great discussion, everyone.
And I invite further discussion over on Twitter at twitter.com slash O L R.
Or you can also send us an email at participate at orange lounge radio.com.
Again, that's participate at orange lounge radio.com.
So moving on, let's talk about the Xbox Series X and a change that happened there.
The digital rights management for Xbox one games.
So if you have no access to playing Xbox one games, because it's trying to do an online
check to balance the digital rights management issues, then you no longer have to worry about
that with the latest Series X update.
This was confirmed by engineering lead Eda Marie and a tweet saying, yes, this is true.
Since the 2206 update, we examined data since Series X and S launch and determined that
the online compatibility check isn't needed in the vast majority of cases for Xbox one
discs.
Some games may still need to be updated online after install to ensure the best experience.
And that's, you know, we're talking about games with gigantic patches, like, say, No
Man's Sky, right?
Like that game just isn't going to play the same at all if you don't update it.
So there is that.
Let's see.
I think that's really all I want to say.
There are some other exceptions, like Forza Horizon 5 or Halo Infinite, because the discs
don't contain the full version of the game.
So you still need an internet connection to actually get the full versions of those games.
And we've seen that happen a lot where, you know, what does a disc really mean anymore?
Right.
So, yeah.
What's the list for this Xbox one games, though?
Yes, I thought I made that clear.
This is just for Xbox one games.
This does not affect any Series X thing that's always online.
I don't know how many of those really require always.
I mean, with so many games as a service these days and so forth, I don't know how many of
them really require always online.
But it is this is specifically addressing Xbox one related issues.
Yeah.
All right, moving on.
This is an interesting story.
Dark Sakura.
Yeah, well, and you know how I like to look into the bigger world of video games and how
it affects, you know, social elements.
So the Department of Homeland Security has given an almost $700,000 grant to terrorism
and security researchers to investigate radicalization through video games.
They're going to the Middlebury Institute Center on Terrorism, Extremism and Counterterrorism
or CTEC, which is a nonprofit organization called Take This and another company that's
looking to curb toxic behavior called Logically.
And I'll go ahead and read the quote from the grant announcement.
Over the past decade, video games have increasingly become focal points of social activity and
identity creation for adolescents and young adults.
Relationships made and fostered within game ecosystems routinely cross over into the real
world and are impactful parts of local communities.
Correspondingly, extremists have used video games and targeted video game communities
for activities ranging from propaganda creation to terrorist mobilization and training.
I'm going to take a sidestep on that one because I have been following the keffles situation
very, very actively.
And I honestly think that this goes into it with, you know, Kiwi farms.
They were, you know, sort of fostering those environments on their site and targeting a
lot of different streamers, different people that were active in the video game community
that are also activists.
So I think that that's a related item.
We've seen it very recently.
So one of the goals is that they want to monitor and evaluate extremist activities, and then
they want to train others for monitoring, detection, and prevention of, as I say, extremist
exploitation in gaming spaces for community managers, multiplayer designers, lore developers,
mechanic designers, and trust and safety professionals.
Um, they are looking at all kinds of different video game studios, you know, from big to
small that don't really understand how their games could be exploited for radicalization.
In fact, and then we've even seen this too, going back to the situation with Kiwi farms.
Um, white nationalists have been digging into gaming space.
There's groups on Steam that are openly neo-Nazi and, you know, glorifying, you know,
domestic terrorism, you know, like school shooters and the like.
When I look at this, though, I'm kind of like, I don't think this is the video game's fault.
This is the internet's fault.
This is internet radicalization.
All right.
And I think that they're dealing with one of the layers of it.
And I kind of see their approach on this one.
What they're wanting to do is like, while Steam has banned a lot of these groups,
these people want to go further and get them where they start.
They actually did a presentation at this year's Game Developers Conference
um, that their focus is going to be on the white nationalism supremacy front.
Um, because of a lot of the more racially motivated mass shootings, like the one in Buffalo.
Um, because that was broadcast on Twitch,
live with people dying and being injured on stream.
And I think that it's like you said, it's not just, you know, video games,
but I think that some of the online spaces around it have been hotbeds for negativity.
You know, we're, we're seeing, you know, just, just in general, you know, I mean,
the hate raids aside, I've been in my friends channels and had people come in and start
harassing them for their, uh, their sexual and gender orientation.
Um, I've actually had someone come in my channel and, and, uh, start spouting, uh, Nazi rhetoric.
Just because I have the Jewish label up on my channel.
I've had people come into my channel and tell me that I need hormone treatment because I'm ace.
Um, completely unsolicited, which I mean, 90% of it is unsolicited.
But, you know, for some of our, you know, my, uh, streamers of color, some of my friends,
they've, they've said there's a whole lot worse, of course, that comes in
and on their channel.
And, and I think the big thing, you know, on it is that it is something I'm glad that they're
looking at the sources and how it comes together.
Because I think if you can dismantle the, how the, the source of it,
you know, then to use, you know, the, the, the Hydra, you know, uh, analogy,
you know, you cut off one head and five more spawn.
Well, that's, you have to cut off the base.
That's what they're talking about in chat right now.
You know, talking about things like 4chan.
So going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
says there are thousands of these site and platforms that are just cesspools and recruitment
centers.
For instance, if federal agencies don't have a massive team monitoring 4chan, like a hawk,
then they're doing it wrong.
But if they ever shut down 4chan, thousands of other ones will pop up in its place.
So diversifying their counterintelligence will hopefully stop more attacks.
I also think what Tay says here is a huge, important point.
And again, why, why my brain, like, I understand why they're looking at the gaming culture,
but my brain says this is an internet problem.
And this is huge.
What Tay is saying in chat.
Take place game says I'm less concerned about video games than I am about YouTube algorithms.
And I actually would personally, I would say any social media algorithm pushing out far
right content to kids, because this is something Facebook is also extremely guilty of is pushing
maybe less the targeting kids part, but bubbling that garbage and misinformation up.
And it's, you know, there's on all sides to they put it's that echo chamber of confirmation
bias.
Yes.
So that's that's what needs to be looked at is how we're bubbling the extremities to the
top.
And yeah, it's that's that's a bigger problem than any video game, in my opinion.
Well, and I think though, that they have to start somewhere.
And we, I think by, I'm not saying that it's right to target one community over another.
But, you know, they say that the, the, the bent nail gets hammered down first.
And I think that, of course, video games have often been the scapegoat of many of the people
in charge.
But the fact that we're actually seeing that they have evidence to support that this is a part
of it, then I think they have to start somewhere.
Yeah.
And on top of that, though, logically is actually a pretty, pretty good nonprofit that I'm not
nonprofit, but just company in general trying to curb the toxic behavior.
And also to add to this, I got an email from Intel about a service that they have to, to
combat online toxicity in online gaming and in gaming chats.
I joined in on that, although I haven't really seen anything more from it.
Um, but I think that it's also, it's sad that the government needs to step in on something
that people should just be putting down themselves.
You know, that's why I supported Kefl's attempts with, with Kiwi Farms and now they're gone
because a lot of us spoke up about it.
And I think that we need to be the louder voices, the voices of reason.
And, you know, call these people out.
Know what you're doing is not good.
You need to, you need to SDF you and, you know, go get that tree trunk out of your ass.
Or maybe you need something up your ass.
I don't know.
To this story's point.
Well, let's, let's not resort to that, but let's, you know, to this story's point, like,
and with the video game stuff, at least these things that happen on Twitch and so forth
in the gaming community and on Steam and in the space, at least they're trackable.
At least you can see them at least.
And so, so maybe I do understand why it does lure the government to that sort of space
to be able to actually see it and monitor it a little more effectively.
Because when I'm out playing Ingress and a car comes by and somebody leans out the
window and says faggot really loud out the window, that's not something that the government
can easily track.
And if I complain about that, that's happening.
That's just me being a baby and I need to grow a thicker skin.
And I'm sorry if you don't like that word, but I don't like that word either.
And I especially don't like it when it's yelled at me as it was in that situation that
happened in the past couple months.
Like I'm not talking about something that happened to me as a kid.
For me, that's something that happened to me as a 40 year old man out playing, you know,
Ingress and tapping my phone, which looks like Pokemon go.
So therefore I must be a lesser than that.
And that, and that's the issue when it really comes into stop being shits.
But unfortunately, if I yell back, don't be a shit, it's not heard.
Well, and the, the thing about it is that there, this is all coming back to a, trying
to think of the way to say it.
Cause I'm not going to say that it's a mental health thing, but I think it's the way that
people are being raised that there is this, and it's a very American thing.
I mean, I'm not saying that it's, it's isolated to America, but it is a very, very American
thing where if you don't fit in with this one mold, and I'm going to say it right now.
The quote default is white male, straight, cisgender, Christian, boring, vanilla person.
You know what I mean?
You know, that is default.
And this is something that as a female oriented person, I have grown up with my entire life
being told that I can't do something because it's something that a guy does, you know,
or, or that I'm going to be perceived a certain way.
And I'm sure that you have just like what that other person you've experienced that
way, it's society reinforcing the stereotype and it needs to start at home.
Yep.
It needs to start at home.
It needs parents to be better to their kids than their parents were to them.
Yeah.
They need to break the mold.
And, you know, thanks for the kind words and chat.
I see people saying, sorry, that happened.
That's fucked up.
And so I do appreciate that.
But like anyone who's different as dark star point out, anyone who has any element that's
against the norm, quote unquote has experienced something similar and it sucks.
And there's some that experience it a lot more often.
And there's some that, you know, I, I just, it's, it's a problem.
That's much bigger than what's, what, what's the video, what's the video game that's
causing people to just, just do terrible things.
It's, it's, it's no video game people.
No, it's people, but they're filtering it into games that have things to do with their
viewpoint, you know?
And I mean, but here's like a prime example.
If you go say on a running webpage, tips for men learning to run, you know, have a anti
chafe cream, you know, pick a good route, have good shoes.
Women carry a whistle, use your headphones, have mace with you.
Don't run at night.
You know, these double standards.
And I just use that because it's the example that I, that I live, but these double standards
are everywhere.
And that's why I'm saying it's a mold that needs to be broken.
It's built into our language.
I know I've mentioned it before.
I have a book I'm very fond of called manmade language by an Australian woman named Dale
Spender.
There are multiple versions of this book.
She started it as her, I think her doctorate thesis in the seventies.
But everything is built around this, this mold of straight white male, Christian, cisgender
language is built that way.
And I'm so glad that right now we have new terms being introduced.
We have new concepts that are coming that there's a good number of people adopting.
We're whittling away at it, but we need to do more.
We need to do more.
Uh, fifth three men chat says I'm in quote, he fingers default in this country.
And even me and my friends were threatened with weapons because we had nail polish and
eyeliner on.
I can't imagine what a lot of people have to go through.
And it's, it's the fact that you kind of play.
I mean, it was one could argue that the nail polish and eyeliner is, is gender expression
and playing with that a little bit.
Although I don't think that stuff has to be the mold.
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
And to reinforce, I don't think those things have to be tied to any gender, but I think
we understand that.
Most of America does view that stuff as, as gender roles and you, you were outside of
that.
So, um, that's, that's why that happened masculinity.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Toxic masculinity hurts men as much as it hurts everybody else.
People in that mold, you know, it's, it's.
It's just, it's sick.
It's a sickness in society.
And sadly, the sickness has been building for centuries, you know, for millennia.
And we need to be better than it.
We need to actually show that we need to be enlightened people and we need to learn from
the past, but, oh no, learning from the past.
What is this past thing you speak of?
I don't want to think about these negative things.
I'd rather be comfortable in my little mold that keeps me on top of the food chain.
Sounds too progressive for me.
All right, moving on.
We do have a time.
I wouldn't say constraint, but we are running a little long tonight, so I want to keep the
news going.
So let's get to our next story.
Loki.
Yeah.
Let's talk about, uh, another thing that also had the government coming after people.
Well, I would assume, um, so Rockstar Games leak of Grand Theft Auto six, um, of course
attracted a lot of attention.
So, of course, they were locking, uh, Rockstar was locking social media.
Um, apparently on the 18th of September, uh, GTA forums, uh, there was, um, I think they
also did some, uh, they were, uh, taking down, of course, the poster of these leaks, um,
their accounts on GTA forums, which isn't really owned by Rockstar Games, but whatever.
Um, and then of course, uh, there was also, um, different, uh, locked posts, like with
tweets and Instagram posts that were taken down, uh, DMCA type stuff as well.
So they were trying to, you know, kind of get a hold of any of the videos that were
being out, you know, spread out there.
They were taking those all down.
Um, and then we have news that the city of London police have, uh, posted that on Thursday,
22nd, they have arrested a 17 year old, um, in Oxford on suspicion of hacking as part
of the investigation into, uh, was it the Uber and Rockstar Games hacks.
Apparently this person was believed to be connected with the group, uh, lapses.
And they had, um, apparently hacked lots of different companies, including, uh, Microsoft,
Cisco, Samsung, Nvidia, and Okta, and even, um, uh, the Brazil, Brazil's Ministry of Health
as well.
So no word if that's necessarily the right person that was responsible for all this,
but, um, they did catch somebody who I think they, that their information also been docked
out.
Allegedly someone said they were high.
I don't know, too much stuff going around, hard to know what to believe.
Uh, but that is not the end of the hacks.
So apparently take two, um, not having the best of luck, but, uh, according to a post
on the official two K support Twitter, I think something is coming up later in the show on
this actually.
So we'll probably talk about that a little later.
Okay.
All right.
Well then that's it.
But the, um, uh, part about the hack and so forth with grand theft auto six, um, is very
interesting, um, that the, the person that reported this is, is somebody I've known online
for a long time, and they're very in tune with internet culture.
Um, so it was very, very interesting to see, um, this all kind of come out.
Uh, I, I'm very curious, like where, uh, that was all kind of figured out and how that was,
uh, you know, this particular individual was responsible.
I guess we'll see her more in the coming weeks as we start to see, uh, some of the, um, um,
you know, court stuff that may come out of it.
Yeah, we'll have to see, I guess.
All right.
Well, um, along similar lines, talking about, um, the rockstar and so forth, uh, and what
they've been going through, uh, some developers have actually, uh, I want to say they're sort
of showing support for rockstar by bagging on internet, internet, uh, tweeters and people
that have really shit opinions, uh, with some of this stuff, actually aren't really dumb
opinions, honestly.
Like, seriously, it's just like these people, I guess, don't know how video game development
works.
No, they don't.
So for example, um, character artists, Xavier, uh, Cole, ho call Stoney.
I hope I said that right.
I'm sorry, but they are a character artists for ratchet and clank, rift apart, 3d.
And they wrote a tweet that said, this is the greatest extremely confident, but has
no idea what they're talking about.
Take I've ever seen.
And it was in reply to a, it was a screen.
Oh, I love that they did this right too.
They screenshotted the tweet instead of quote, tweeting it to prevent the tweet from getting
further engagement and the screenshot.
And I'm not going to say who tweeted it because they don't deserve to have their account.
Shout it out said, if you knew how game development goes, you'd know that visuals are one of the
first things done.
This game is four years into planning and development.
What you see is almost exactly what you will get this.
The next year is mission coding and debugging all backend stuff.
It does look ass and that unleash the floodgates of this new man, since graphics are the first
thing finished in a video game.
And so the developers of control actually showed what control looked like early on with
these giant boxes that said, throw me as part of what was the environment there.
The naughty dog tweeted out what last of us look like in development.
The cult of the lamb developers even tweeted out a screenshot with the meme graphics of
the first things finished in a video game that showed what the video game looked like
in a very early state where a lot of the graphics were very rough and not quite polished at
that point.
And so on and so on.
Game developers around the world have come together to dunk on dumb ass tweets that pretend
they know what goes into game development when in fact they know nothing about it.
And that's a lot of Twitter opinions, unfortunately, we see in these day and age.
So I'm glad this person is getting dunked on.
Say something too.
It's not just video game development.
If I'm doing a graphic layout, I'm going to use a shitload of placeholders.
I will use low res pictures to save on my work.
When I'm working on video editing, I'll use what's called proxy media, where instead
of using my very big, very slow 4K footage, I'm using like 720p placeholders.
You know, it makes sense that when you are starting a layout, you do not start with your
best stuff.
You start by putting a foundation down.
You start with your engine.
You start with your play.
You start with your physics.
The graphics are going to come after.
Every movie starts with a storyboard, right?
And before a frame of footage is shot, even in my job when putting together, you know,
things that have, because I do layouts with PowerPoints and the guides and so forth.
I use a site similar to Shutterstock for like art.
It's not that one, but it's a different one.
And so what I'll actually do, I put in the art with the fricking, the watermark on it
and everything ugly and so forth, just as a placeholder so that people can see this
is the art that we're going to use if this is approved.
And then once it's approved, then we pay for the art, get it in and put it all in there.
So we're all clear with, you know, copyright and all that stuff.
The art was done before you started that PowerPoint.
No, it wasn't.
No, I'm saying a low version was done while the content is being reviewed.
But it was on Shutterstock, therefore it was done before.
I said it wasn't Shutterstock, but sure.
Or whatever.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
And lots of people making other analogies in chat, but I think we all get it.
This tweeter had no idea what they were talking about.
I'm also going to say this too, is that when you're working in the art production side
of it, you're not going to start with having a pretty finished model at all either.
You're going to make your skeleton, you're going to have a rough blob model that you
were going to mold into the shape and then fine tune, you know, your model.
And this comes from someone who has done 3D modeling and ended up with a cat taking his
shit by accident.
Um, you're, it's one, it's all, you've got to build from, from a foundation.
You've got a blank.
No, you're fine.
This is pet peeve.
I wanted to see if this particular individual kind of doubled down on their comments or
apologized for them.
So I went to their Twitter account.
It's locked.
So anyway.
They did the run and hide method.
They fucked around and they found out.
All right.
Moving on next story.
I think Dark Soccer, we're back to you.
I can't with people.
I'm just saying right now.
So how about something better?
Um, y'all, y'all remember the nineties when we had Blockbuster?
I try to forget, but sure.
No, the nineties were awesome.
Yeah, we had good music in the nineties.
Um, anyway, though, uh, the Blockbuster World Video Game Championships is coming back.
In fact, it's supposed to be back in October.
So they have the one store?
Well, no, let me, so the Blockbuster World Video Game Championship three is going to
take place October 14th through 16th hosted by Portland Retro Gaming Expo and DoubleJump
events, and they want to, basically it's free to enter.
They just want to make some new memories, but they are teaming up with Blockbuster to
recreate a video, the video rental store for the weekend.
There is the Blockbuster experience room where they can pick up an updated Blockbuster card
and meet the general manager for the last Blockbuster on the planet, Sandy Harding.
Um, they have one store left, one store left.
Yeah, and it's in Oregon.
It's, it's not near Portland.
It's in the Southeast part of Oregon, but it's, it's there.
But the prizes are, I mean, they're okay.
You get a $1,000 PRGE exhibitor hall shopping spree.
Second and third place will respectively get $500 and $250.
Um, there will be two rounds.
Round one will go against each other in Saturn Bomberman, which is a very good version of
Bomberman.
Um, the first player to win three battles moves on to round two.
Round two will be a high score on Downfall OG Plus for the Atari Jaguar.
And then, um, and, uh, I, I mean, it's not a good Jaguar.
Game.
I'm just saying, but Saturn Bomberman is great.
I, I, I wonder if any of these, uh, people actually are, have played Saturn Bomberman
or have played a Bomberman question mark, maybe.
Um, but I mean, there were the original, um, Blockbuster, uh, world championship.
People would compete in these different stores across the US.
And then the store champions who were the winners would go on to compete at Gamepro's
headquarters in San Francisco.
I know I competed in that, it was fun.
Yeah, I think I did once.
Was it NBA, NBA Jam and Ninja Turtles Tournament Fighters?
Yeah.
Now Turtles Tournament Fighters was the one I was good at.
I suck at NBA Jam.
Or was it, was it both games or was that two different?
I thought it was, I want to say that it was both.
It's, I, I, I don't remember.
We always went to Hollywood video, so I don't.
You know what I found very recently?
I found my laminated Blockbuster card.
The Blockbuster nostalgia is completely lost on me because they did something to piss my
mom off because my mom was a movie buff.
She loved movies.
She loved obscure ass fucking foreign films.
That was her favorite.
And, um, she, but she hated Blockbuster.
Like they did.
I think she was mad at Blockbuster because Blockbuster required her to have a credit
card and she's like, and this was just my mother.
If you knew her, she was very much like, I'm not giving my credit card information to anyone.
They can, they can suck it basically.
So, um, but for whatever reason, I can't say and commit, you know, that that was the
absolutely the reason, but all I know is that Blockbuster did something to piss her off.
So we never went there.
It was always Hollywood video or her favorite, her favorite place to rent movies was the
warehouse.
For those that remember that it rented movies there.
Oh yeah, they did.
Yeah, they did.
I don't, what were all, what with the warehouse was in with all these other brands too, but
the warehouse was, yeah, they rented a lot of movies.
It was a big, it was a big, um, tape and CD store.
Two back in the, that's where I bought my first PlayStation two.
When I would go visit granny and Dothan, Alabama, we would go rent from the Curtis Mathis.
Who remembers Curtis Mathis?
We didn't have him here.
So no.
Well, I mean, it was mostly to sell the electronics, but they had like a wall of movies and I saw
some weird shit, but I think I rented return of the Jedi, like so many times, so many times.
But we had, we had a few different like local rental places that would get like the really
good nest games that I would rent from.
And then I rented a turbo graphics from a couple of times.
So I'm trying to do the quick poll of a YouTube or not YouTube Wikipedia to see what it is.
Warehouse had purchased blockbuster music from Viacom at 1998, but I can't figure out,
it doesn't say what the other stores were.
I guess the warehouse was unique to California.
I thought they were in with other birds until you mentioned it just now.
Yeah.
So wasn't there like another one that was like the warehouse that was in the mall.
I'm trying to think what that was now.
It was like FYE, FYE, that type of thing.
It wasn't FYE.
I, yeah, I remember that.
That was very much like the warehouse, but there was also another one that was smaller.
So dark Sakura, do you know, and I apologize to the listeners for getting extremely local,
but tangents, they happen.
Do you know out in Roseville where the Mongolian barbecue is that a lot of people like in the
TJ Maxx Plaza and there's the, there's the learn we used to go to.
Yes.
And there's the learning, the learning store, the Lake shore learning center, that place
that used to be the warehouse.
No.
Okay.
And that's yeah.
Going way back, throwback for the record.
One, one little tangent.
Hmm.
When I, when we saw Weird Al last night, he kept talking about tower records and I, but
I was here to experience the tower records.
They bulldozed the tower building here or not, not the, not the theater, but the record
store across the street is gone.
The one that used to be dimple then it, they know it's gone.
They bulldozed it.
I know.
Right.
That's like me.
That isn't the original tower records.
Cause technically the original, the original tower records is now tower cafe because tower
cafes, indoor portion was a drug store and tower records started in the back of that
drug store.
So if you're eating at the back table in tower cafe, you're eating at the original tower
records.
But the watt location was the first actual retail full tower records location.
And now it's a Goodwill.
And they actually have the old tower signs still in the back of the Goodwill.
So yeah, that I, that I remember I like go and that's a really good Goodwill as well.
Yeah.
Um, you know, the last time I went to the tower theater, I think it was with you to
see the shape of water.
Oh yeah.
That was a few years ago.
Wow.
All right.
Less tangents, more news, two hours, 10 minutes.
We haven't even gotten to the classic game.
Let's go.
All right.
Loki.
Just do anything tonight.
I'm just here for the ride.
You're helping make the show long.
So fine with that.
You know, fewer Weskers.
Uh, so we're back to talking about, um, this lawsuit between the destiny to cheat makers
and bungee.
Um, you may remember last time they were saying that the lawsuit was frivolous.
That was of course, the claims that were made by aim junkies, which is a website, I guess
it's owned by a group called a Phoenix digital group.
Um, now they're claiming in a counter suit that bungee had access and downloaded files
on the personal computer of the defendant, James May.
Um, so basically saying that he was hacked by bungee, um, that also that bungee used
the information obtained to conduct further surveillance on the group as well.
So we'll see, um, hacked by bungee is going to be the name of my first album.
I don't believe it, but we'll, we'll see what we'll see.
It's an interesting, um, strategy.
We'll have to see if it pays off.
Yeah.
We'll have to see, uh, we'll have to see what comes up in court with that whole situation.
Huh?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, uh, moving on, let's talk about, uh, a little more about those Atari recharged
games I sort of referenced during my gaming week.
So Atari recharged games, some of the ones that have already been released are going
to get new content.
Now, this article I'm looking at specifically speaks to the Nintendo switch, but a lot of
these games are also on the PC.
So I'm not sure at the PI, but I tried to search other news sites and I couldn't find
the news if this was coming to switch as well, or I'm sorry, steam PC as well.
But we do know it's coming to switch.
So asteroids, centipede breakout, black widow, and gravatar, all those recharged versions
are going to be getting new content on the switch.
It's bonus challenge levels that were previously only available on the Atari VCS.
And that may be the reason why it's not completely in steam.
I don't know.
But they are a very high level of difficulty for these, and it will be new challenges for
existing players and additional value to anyone who's getting the titles for the first
time arcade mode.
Oh, and this is exactly what dark Tetsuya was talking about earlier.
Arcade mode will now give you three lives instead of one, just like the coin op games
they are based on.
So that's fun.
And a new arachnophobia mode is coming to black widow recharged, and that will turn
the spider into a frosty snowman.
And you're shooting snowflakes instead of webs.
That's actually so like, it's not it literally is for people who have arachnophobia.
You can change it away from spiders into, I guess, Sonic Christmas Nights, where now
you're playing a Christmas themed game or whatever.
So it's fun.
All right, so that's neat.
Look for that on the switch eShop.
All right.
Meanwhile, since I brought up Atari, I think it's a good time for us to talk about other
classic games in this segment.
Except I forgot my button pushing device doesn't work.
So let me try that transition again and we'll go to this next segment.
And here we have one of those games that I can't believe it's 10 years old.
But here we are.
Dark Sakura.
Skullgirls.
Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game that was developed by Revenge Labs and published by
Autumn Games.
The game came out on April 10th, 2012, and it's pretty fun.
The game was first released on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live and was so positively
received that it expanded, it got more characters, etc.
So the premise of the game is that you will fight each other, either teams of one, two,
or three characters and knock out your opponents.
Whoever has the most cumulative health when the time runs out too, just like any fighting
game.
But the setting is about a skull heart, which is an artifact that grants wishes for women.
If a wish with an impure soul uses a skull heart, she turns into a monster called a Skullgirl.
And it's a pretty, pretty, pretty interesting game, although it did have some setbacks.
Autumn Games in May 2012 was sued over allegations of fraud about an unreleased property, Def
Jam Rapstar, which cut off some of Skullgirls financial support.
They had to lay off the entire development team.
The core team reformed as Lab Zero Games in November 2012.
And after crowdfunding, they raised enough money to continue their work and they developed
the Windows version released by Marvelous in August of 2013.
And then Autumn Games severed their ties with Konami in December 2013.
And so Konami requested to have the game removed from the PlayStation and Xbox storefronts.
The game was re-released in 2014 as Skullgirls Encore, ported to PS4 and PC in 2015, where
it was renamed as Skullgirls Second Encore.
And then another version in the Japanese arcades and Vita came out.
For the record, the arcade version is on a Taito type X squared system.
But then we've had like the Switch version in October 2019, Xbox One and Xbox Series
X releases are planned for this year.
I don't know if they're already out.
And then Skullgirls Mobile was developed by Hidden Variable Studios and released for iOS
and Android in 2017.
And it's all over the place.
So there, of course, is some drama.
Autumn Games and Hidden Variable Studios severed ties with Lab Zero Games after sexual harassment
allegations raised against the lead designer and programmer Mike Zimon.
And so they were dissolved.
And then some of the former members created a new studio called Future Club, collaborating
with Hidden Variable Studios for future content for a second Encore.
So basically, the model for the engine was based off of Marvel versus Capcom 2, with
several of their game mechanics, like the tag team combat, character assists, delayed
hyper combos, etc.
And you can play with different ratios very similarly to Capcom versus SNK 2, where you
can select up to three fighters on the team, but your life and power is bound.
So you'd have either a variety of characters with less power in life each, or you can just
have your favorite, your champion.
The game has story mode, arcade mode versus mode, training room, a tutorial mode, and
online play using GGPO Network Library.
It also, it had some different features that looked at system and balance issues, such
as infinite combo detection.
And then it offered protection against unblockable attacks.
So, for example, when a person uses a low hitting move and a high hitting assist attack,
they have ways of blocking that by giving a period of unblockable protection after successfully
blocking an attack.
So they were really just, you know, focused.
They always had updates for it.
They had different add-ons, like faster gameplay, the online training, like I said before, a
stun meter, and they also had a local game mode called Typing of the Skullcurl, similarly
to Typing of the Dead.
And so the teams would generate meter and attacks based on their typing accuracy.
It's fully voiced story modes, cross-platform play across the entire PlayStation family,
Second Encore brought in different challenges where you have unique battle conditions, different
trials, different combo challenges, an endless survival mode, different RPG progression
tactics, customization, deck building.
So as far as the characters go, you had initially eight playable characters.
You had Felia Medici, who has a hair parasite named Samson, which we're seeing, well, we
were seeing that play.
There's a circus performer named Sara Bella, an anti-skull-bruel cyborg named Patricia
Peacock Watson and Painwill, who we're seeing in there, Princess Parasoul Renoir, Nadia
Fortune, and then Valentine, and then the shape-shifting demon called Double.
And then after the Indiegogo crowdfunding, there were five new characters named Sienna
Squiggly Cantiello, who is a zombie, along with Leviathan, an anti-skull-girl cyborg
named Benjamin Big Band Birdland.
I think that's funny.
A parasite called Eliza, a wrestler called Beowulf, and another anti-skull-girl android
called Robo Fortune.
A clone Ophelia named Fukua was added to the game later.
She was there for an April Fool's Day joke, and then everyone wanted to keep her.
There were more characters added for season one pass.
The character Annie, Parasoul's sister Umbrella, Black Dahlia, and Skullgirl Marie.
So it's been lauded so much.
And I already talked about the drama earlier, so I'm not going to go too much more into
that, but the game also...
The publishers also talked about a fifth DLC, Fighter, other free content.
They're still supporting this game like you would not believe.
But for the music, the original album had 28 compositions done by Yamane Michiru.
Vincent Diamante, Blaine McGurdy, and Brenton Cossack.
And you can still buy the whole soundtrack, although if you did $10 to the Indiegogo campaign,
you get a digital copy of the soundtrack, or if you did more, you get a physical release
of it.
And basically with Yamane, she contributed for work in the Castlevania series.
And so they really wanted her in there, and they wanted a jazzy theme.
In fact, you can even see that with the Showtime right at the beginning.
And it's been very, very popular.
The game received very, very high Metacritic scores, the lowest of them being a 71 for
iOS, the highest being an 82 for PS3.
Everyone's given them some pretty high-level ratings.
It was the highest selling game on Xbox Live Arcade when it was released, and the third
best selling on PlayStation Network for April 2012.
In Japan, the game took off so well.
It's been well-loved, and for a little bit of legacy information, 2019 Anime Expo, there
was a webcomic published by Webtoon, and at EVO 2022, Skullgirls was added as a main event
game.
And that's it, Skullgirls.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Skullgirls.
I love this game.
Again, it's one of those things where it's like, really?
This is already 10 years old?
Ouch.
But then a lot of people are also saying, the graphics of this game hold up very well.
And part of that is probably the support, but also it's a very well-drawn and put-together
game.
I was going to say, the hand-drawn stuff is what holds up.
No one's surprised that Sonic Box succeeded at it.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, so awesome, awesome.
Skullgirls is your classic game of the week.
All right, we're going to move on.
We have plenty more show to come, although we'll probably do a lot of these stories
rapid-fire style.
But I want to make sure we have time for any calls over in our green room, vognetwork.com
slash discord, if you want to join our green room and possibly join us on the air for a
discussion tonight.
But we still have a little ways before we're going to get to those calls, because first,
we need to get through rapid-fire news and talk about some other headlines quickly.
So, Loki.
So we got a tease of a tease.
So there's a post by New York Comic-Con that says, join us for October 6th at 4 p.m.
Eastern Time for the teaser trailer premiere of the Super Mario Brothers movie.
Not the old one, the brand new one by Illumination.
So we're going to get a trailer for that soon.
I will be in a pressurized tube 30,000 feet above the Earth's surface at the time that
this trailer drops, and I don't think there is any place I would rather be.
Uh, and then, uh, we've also got news that Borderlands game, uh, spinoff Tiny Tina's
Wonderland is now going to be a franchise.
So they're going to spin it off because it did so well, which is great because we need
more Borderlands type games.
And I hear this one was good and I still haven't played it.
I know, and I keep waiting for that deep sale, but I imagine by the time, you know, November
is around the corner.
And so by the time we get to November, this game will be 1999.
So I'll probably finally pick it up.
Probably.
All right.
Uh, there's soccer.
Oh, um, the studio behind Dead Space is making an Iron Man game with Marvel.
Um, that's Motive Studio and they're doing a single player, third person action game
starring Iron Man.
Yay.
It was only, you know, very quietly confirmed on Twitter.
I'm excited.
Yeah.
Yeah, it could be good.
All right.
And, uh, we do have some incoming quality of life updates for the Capcom Fighting Collection,
uh, which, uh, or if it's me, it's the Puzzle Fighter II and some fighting games collection.
But hey, uh, the quality of life update is hitting this week on Tuesday, September the
27th.
All the patch notes are not available yet.
However, this is supposed to include viewable hit boxes, new gem colors for Puzzle Fighter.
I think this is to address some colorblind issues and make the game more accessible.
Yeah.
And you can view your opponent's connection status, you know, for people that are, you
know, trying to do like switching and all that stuff.
So, uh, yeah, that's pretty cool.
So, uh, the update is supposed to have more tweaks in addition as well, but, uh, we don't
know exactly what they all are yet, but it is supposed to be a pretty big update coming
very soon.
All right, let's get into some release dates around the world and we'll start with Loki
with what is coming out this week in the US.
Uh, we've got the Spirit and the Mouse on PC and Nintendo Switch, Alfred Hitchcock Vertigo
on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, uh, Black Witchcraft
on PC, Grounded, I'm assuming is coming out of early access.
That would be on PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series, uh, Hakko Life on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4 and Xbox One, The Legend of Heroes Trails from Zero on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation
4, Life is Strange Arcadia Bay Collection on Nintendo Switch, Moon Scars on PC, Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, uh, Tunic on Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, Deathverse Let it Die on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation
5, Never Awake on PC, uh, oh gosh, there's so many, uh, Bullet Soul and Bullet Soul Infinite
Burst on Nintendo Switch, uh, Dwarf romantic on Nintendo Switch, uh, Harvest Over Ray plus
Anoko wa Ore Kara, this is a mouthful, uh, Hana Rina, um, on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4,
uh, Konosuba, God's blessing on this wonderful world, the Curse Relic and the Perplexed
Adventures. Can we, as a, like a, just a community or just as a, you know, an entertainment,
uh, you know, can we just like make a rule that titles can't be a certain length because I think
they're getting too long and I'm looking at you visual novel creators in Japan, cut it out, cut
it out with these insane, it's a title, it's not a paragraph, please. Fiona Apple says no.
All right. We've got, uh, La, uh, Capriella della Eterno on into the switch labyrinth of Zen Gatsu
on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4, the legend of heroes, uh, Kuro no Kizuke to Crimson
sin on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, uh, little witch, uh, Nobeta on PC, Nintendo Switch and
PlayStation 4, new Prince of tennis. Let's go daily life rising from rising beat on
Nintendo switch. Telling you visual novels, uh, Pathfinder wrath of the righteous on
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox one post void on the tend to switch PlayStation 4 and
PlayStation 5 rail grade on PC. I, and Nintendo switch on PC, Nintendo switch on PC,
I, and tend to switch, uh, salmon max beyond time and space remastered
and salmon max save the world remastered on PlayStation four, uh, Valkyrie is Lyceum on
PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Also Valkyrie profile length on both of those systems
as well. Um, Aria hearts on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one,
Xbox series blade assault on this fucking games are coming out this week. It's the fourth quarter,
third quarter, whatever you want to call it. Uh, Nintendo switch PlayStation four, Xbox one,
Xbox series bunny park. I'm very curious about those ones. The construction management
simulation on intended switch PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series,
FIFA 23 on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four X, or he's Asian five, Xbox one, Xbox series
stadia lemon cake, which is a management simulation. Um, Nintendo switch PlayStation
four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series. Well, I mean, you can't have a lemon party unless
someone brings the lemon cake. That was true. Um, my little pony maritime Bay adventure on
PlayStation five, PA patrol grand Prix on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one, Xbox series and stadia. There you go. Stadia folks. You've got your game,
PA patrol this week. A bunch of other stuff coming out on stadia,
but it doesn't matter because PA patrol is coming out and that's all it matters.
It's already a PA patrol game on stadia. Well, this is a grand Prix game. You know what
they said, Hey, you know what? Mario Kart, I think we can do it better. And then they
failed at it, but it's coming to stadia. And that's, they're like, we're the number one
grand Prix PA patrol game on stadia. Can't take that away from us. Mario Kart. All right, I'm
done. I'll stop. All right. All right. Uh, where were we? Uh, ditto Japan. All right.
Japanese release dates. I'm going to try to make this fast. Um,
Nintendo switch little, which no beta in a regular and limited edition, the new Prince
of tennis. Let's go daily life from rising beat. That one's for you. Loki. Uh, that is coming out,
uh, also in Japan this week. I want to know, is that actually a tennis game or is it like
a dating SIM that centers around tennis? It's a visual novel that centers around tennis.
Awesome. Um, we also have coming out, uh, the labyrinth of Zangetsu in Japan,
lock Campanella della Eterno comes out in a regular and limited edition, a bullet points
or bullets sold double soul pack, uh, as well as sword art online is out on the switch this week.
We also have, uh, in Japan coming out on the 30th. So those ones I just read with the 29th on the
30th, the legend of heroes trails from zero. Uh, we also have, um, Bayonetta gets a Japanese release.
I think this is the rerelease of the first game because it was digital before when you bought
Bayonetta two on the switch, you got a digital copy. So if you want a physical copy in advance
of three, this is your chance coming out of Japan this week. Uh, and that is so FIFA 23. Of course,
I can't neglect FIFA 23. That's the switch. Let me quickly check in on the PlayStation five
that has Valkyrie Elysium coming out this week as it is everywhere else. I believe that legend of
heroes kuro no kisuke to Crimson sin in regular and limited edition also on the PlayStation five
this week. And, uh, sadly no PAW Patrol though. I'm sorry to say, but FIFA 23 also out on, uh,
the PlayStation five this week in Japan, let's go to the UK dark soccer.
On the 27th. Um, we have a session skate SIM hook go life. Life is strange Arcadia Bay collection.
I don't even bother to say what everything's on on the 29th Valkyrie Elysium inertial drift
Pathfinder wrath of the righteous PAW Patrol grand pre sword art online demon throttle
FIFA 23 squish manator apex edition, my little pony, a maritime at bay adventure and DC league
of super pets adventure of crypto and ACE. All right. I'd like to think that's all one title,
but it's a visual novel. Yeah. It's all it's all together. All right. We're going to go through
these last few stories here, and then I'm going to open up the green room. So vog network.com
slash discord. If you want to call in tonight, join the green room. Otherwise we have a few
more stories for you. I was going to say, we're going to rush through them. I don't want to rush
this first one though. So Loki, tell us a little more about this. Yeah. So, uh, this is pretty
cool. So Xbox has launched a new program called project amplify. It is to basically promote and
amplify black voices and, um, developers of color to inspire them to make games. Um, so apparently
there's, you know, lack of representation in the development community and they're just trying to
promote, you know, developers to put stuff out on, um, Xbox. So they have a video series, um,
under, uh, the project amplify name, uh, that's on the ID at Xbox YouTube channel. It's, um,
like 16 episodes that highlights different game designers and they even have, um, different,
it's not just developers. They also have like, you know, um, narrative directors, artists,
software engineers, that type of stuff as well. Um, and this is all in, you know, kind of, uh,
revolving around also a, uh, revolt summit, which is taking place from September 24th through 25th
in Atlanta, Georgia. So it's cool. It's nice to see some of those, you know,
actions and plans around, you know, um, trying to, you know, bring more diversity into gaming and
game development and so forth. It's nice to see that plan and see it in action. It speaks a lot
louder, I think than the typical, you know, social media text image, um, committing to do better.
They're also going to have a panel too at that revolt summit as well. Um, so that's going to
be there and then they've got, um, there's a page on their Xbox website, uh, xbox.com that talks
about, it's like, um, different resources as well. So, you know, they have, um, you know, getting
learning C sharp, um, getting started with unity, um, getting started with unreal engine
game design, um, development process, narrative tools, art tools, et cetera. So it's, you know,
all these different things to hopefully help promote, you know, more developers that come
to the Xbox platform or just become developers in general. All right.
Okay. Let's, uh, just we'll, we'll rapid fire these remaining stories. So dark Sakura.
Oh, um, there is some drama going on with take two interactive. Their help desk was hacked.
Um, and so they're, uh, the party that did so send a communication out to players with a malicious
link. Um, they put out a warning about it, not to open any emails or click on links from 2k games
support account. And they're encouraging people to reset their passwords stored in the browser,
um, enable multi-factor authentication, uh, run an antivirus and, uh, check their account settings
to see if forwarding rules have been added onto their email accounts. Um, they, uh, they have
taken their support function offline while they investigate and try to correct the issue. Um,
and, uh, this comes right after an extortion group, uh, lapis with a dollar sign, uh,
uh, compromised, uh, rockstar games. Um, you know, again with the grand theft auto issue.
So this seems that there's going a bunch. We'll see, but yeah, be careful for your 2k game stuff.
Be careful what you click on in general, always exercise good judgment. And if an email sounds
fishy, probably as it probably is. Yeah. And multi-factor authentication. I mean,
it's not perfect branding. It's really strong. So pay very close attention to branding
because they, or, and also the exact email addresses that things come from. Um,
also you can, if anything looks suspicious, you can show headers and see where they routed from.
All right. Let's move on Loki. All right. So, uh, I'm a big fan of video game donkey.
He does some hilarious videos online and makes different like review stuff for video games.
Well, now he is using his persona on YouTube and his following to help, uh, indie game,
uh, studios publish their games. So he's actually starting a publishing label called big mode.
And he's basically looking to partner with, um, you know, AAA quality indie games to try to
promote their game content and get their game out there. So we'll have to see what exactly
that turns into it's a lot easier to say than to do. I think this individual is going to find out.
And, um, I, I know we're trying to abbreviate for time, but the one thing I had wanted to say on
this is, um, quickly, you know, if this was Sony PlayStation leveraging Sony media to push the
Sony products, which they do do sometimes, let's be real. A lot of these companies do that sort
of thing. I think a lot of us will kind of look at that and go, well, that's shady because they're
just pushing their own stuff. It's interesting that this individual sees this as the solution
to put together a publishing arm, what they can promote their own stuff through.
I'm just saying it's a little bit, I think there's a little bit, I don't know. I don't know if this
is the smartest move to get into this, but I wish him luck. Um, but I think you're going to find
with a lot of these indie lower budget titles, a lot of it is, uh, what, you know, like the
trombone champ, what goes viral, what can be the it girl. What's the thing that, because you know
what, I'm still convinced to this day, YYR's super multitasking is so deserving of its moment in the
sun, but it just, it like anything else, it needs that moment to go viral, you know, and I can,
I can hype that game till I'm blue in the face, but until it gets right in front of the right
people, you know, it's, it's not any, there's, there's plenty of other good games I'm unaware
of that probably need that moment. Anyway, I could say more, but I'm trying to move fast. So
I will go right into the last story here, which is about the song list that has been released
for a theater, them final bar. Yes. The song list was revealed. And, uh, I already have seen plenty
of the punchlines in our discord about yes. Crazy chocobo from final fantasy 13, two is in there.
Of course. I bet. I mean, of course it was going to be in there. They weren't going to cut songs
like when they're doing like 400 songs, anything they've done a chart for, uh, in these games was
going to be in the game. That's free content. Uh, it would be very easy to skip that song and never
play it, which would be the right call. Cause it's not a great song. However, uh, when I was looking
at the list of like, okay, final fantasy 14 content, I wanted to see what they added from
fantasy 14 and they put some really sweet stuff from a shadowbringers in there. So, um, they did
add some stuff. Um, yeah, so, uh, there's a lot and, uh, the, the bonus stuff from other square
games, it looks like they have a pretty impressive lineup of songs from other square games as well.
They're bringing in things from, um, uh, live alive is going to be in the game, which I thought
was very interesting. They also are going to some of the, um, spinoff albums like the primals,
uh, has a song in it from their CD, the scions and sinners arrangement album for Fava SE 14.
But then you get into like the saga series, the world ends with you. We all knew near was going
to have some pad. Yes. They're doing way to the world. That's the only one I needed to see here
in there. Um, chrono, mana games, octopath traveler. I mean, this is really going to be
like a square collection. The only square series that seems to be missing is kingdom hearts,
but I'm going to assume that's understandable. Number one, you had the melody of mediocrity
game that already came out that tried to change the theater, them formula and failed miserably,
but you also have the Disney thing in there, which probably makes it a little more difficult.
Um, so we, we may not see those unless they are the question mark titles that are still
yet to be announced. But, uh, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't hedge my bets on it. I would bet
the question marks are probably up coming square titles. I bet, um, for spoken is going to be one
of the games that has music that gets added into a theater of them. Although maybe that would be
a little weird. Oh no. Cause the game's gonna be on PlayStation as well. So you don't even have the
switch versus PlayStation issue there. So that's just, or five has he 16 at that point will be out.
So it would make sense that a DLC pack would have the 16 music. Well, they also have that,
uh, seven. What was that? Um, gosh, I don't remember the, the, uh, seven prequel thing.
Yeah. Um, crisis core. Yeah. Crisis. I don't know if they're adding new music to the
remake that they're doing fifth dream and chat says do simple and clean, then get the fuck out.
But then you have to pay Utada money to do that. And you know, they have every right to
money as well from that, you know, collaboration so forth. So the Japanese one, cause it's better.
Well, ideally we could select either one, but I'm not, I'm not, I don't think simple and clean was
even a melody of mediocrity probably because they didn't work out a deal with Utada. I don't think
any of their songs are in it. I could be wrong. You're going to put anyone in there. Do kiss me.
Goodbye. Cause, um, Angela Aki, I love her as Joe and her mat says, Rob is just throwing his
bank account at this game for the complete pack. True. I will be buying the complete pack. I'm just
still deciding if I want it on PlayStation or if I want it on switch, I think I'm going to end up
getting it on switch. The portable element to play it on a plane is pretty enticing, but yeah,
will I be dropping a hundred dollars on the Uber Edison? Yep. It's me. I'm the problem.
All right, let's get to the list. That's not a problem because they're giving you content.
Yeah, you're right. The content is there. There's a difference between a hundred dollar loop box
where you don't know what's in it and a hundred dollars worth of content that they've outlined.
It's basically a digital collector's edition is what that is. Honestly, there's like 400 songs
in Final Fantasy 14. If they were like, we're going to loop box the remainder of the Final
Fantasy 14 soundtrack, I'd be like, I'm part problem. All right, let's move on to the listener
round table. We're going to start with our mailbag because I don't see anybody in the green room,
but I will get to tweets here in a minute, but let's read this quickly. Yep. Participate
at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send us emails. Hello peoples. So I'm at home after dinner
with my family and catching up on episodes of X-Play on G4, which I'm watching on my DVR because
I subscribe to cable. Currently I'm watching an episode where they're doing a retrospective of
the Xbox one versions of Madden. It's interesting to see the opinionists talk about a product that's
gone stale over the past few years, but not interesting enough for me to watch the episodes
of X-Play as they're released. I'm watching an episode from a month ago and advertisers on
television pay a higher value on people who watch their ads when their ads are current. What could
G4 do to get people to watch their cable content in a more current fashion? Esports. About the only
thing keeping cable television afloat right now aside from house flipper shows that are
on in the background as I'm getting my nails done is live sports. Why did Turner and ESPN pay 24
billion for their rights to air NBA games? Why did CBS, NBC, Fox, and ESPN pay 39.6 billion for
their rights to NFL games? Why are networks in Europe willing to pay 13.5 billion for Premier
League football? Because people who watch sports tend to watch it live as it's happening, whether
it's at home on the couch or at a bar with friends or in the background as you're making dinner,
people tend to watch sports live as it's happening. G4 could do what other cable networks
are doing by airing esports competitions live as they are happening. Yes, G4 does air esports
competitions, but these competitions are not live as they're happening. Live does mean as they're
happening for the record. Yes, these competitions are also available on Twitch, but G4 could air
these competitions live as well. All it would take is G4's parent company Comcast to be willing to
put forth a substantial investment in this platform and therein lies the problem. If you
watch things on a DVR on Comcast Cable like I do, eventually you'll see a screensaver come up. Often
these screensavers promote things that are available via Comcast. Currently one of the
Comcast DVR screens promote their customers getting access to Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2
Live Beta. Now is there anything on this particular screensaver promoting G4? No, despite the fact that
it all would take is putting the G4 logo on the side of the screensaver. If Comcast is willing to
put a single logo on one of their screensaver slides, what makes you think Comcast is willing
to invest in anything having to do with G4? Take care of entertainment. Well, thank you for the
email, Redertainment, and you do make some very good points. I think especially when you hit on
the fact that one thing that compels people to watch television is live events. Sports is the
biggest one, of course, but even reality TV like American Idol, when that show was a little more
relevant, I think the reason why was because there was so much of that live element to it
that really made it must-see TV, or the news is live and so forth, and still it makes local TV
relevant and so forth. So I do think you hit on something there, but again, we had additional news
about G4 this week. Now, Frost is leaving, who's the only one that's given them a truly viral
moment. Kevin Pereira, I believe, is leaving now as well. So it's kind of like one of those,
you know, it's too early to eulogize G4, you know, maybe something comes through with the
cost-saving initiatives, but I just, I think when it comes to video game media, G4 is one of many
participants in that conversation at this point. And that's the way I can put it, like, without
making it sound like I'm dogging on G4, because I'm not, but it's just G4 has to compete with a
lot of other people in the room now. And that wasn't the case, you know, 10, 15 years ago,
when G4 was more of the traditional TV network, and that's all you had, because people didn't
have the internet fast enough to create their own television. So.
On top of that, with the eSports stuff, it's a good idea, but at the same time, I think that's
already being broadcast on like ESPN. So I'm assuming that there's some sort of rights exchange
that's going on there. They're not just doing it for the, out of the goodness of their heart. So
I'm wondering if they can't purchase the rights to that because it's already been purchased.
And not to mention, if they're going to cost save, they don't have the money to do it.
All right, I'm going into some tweets real quick. The vast majority of the tweets we were tagged in
last week, the vast majority had to do with Dark Sakura being on the Stadia Doshid show
last week, just because they were tagging us and they have fans that were retweeting and
hearting. And it seems like your appearance was really, really well received over there.
All I noticed was it was a long listen, so I haven't listened yet, but maybe that's something
for airline travel when I get around to it, because I did see the YouTube that was posted.
But yeah, thanks to Stadia Doshid for the multiple shout outs and sounds like you had
a really good time there and made some new fans over there at the Stadia Doshid show. Thanks.
Absolutely had a fantastic time. I really enjoyed it. I would do it again in a heartbeat.
I will say, I believe this tweet that came to us is from one of those people that came to us from
the Stadia Doshid show who tweeted us. It's on Twitter, Dustin Arand. And if you want to tweet
us, by the way, it's at OLR who said, hey, great show. I have some counters to some points. Number
one, we don't accept those here, actually. I'm going to move on. No, of course, every gamer has
a voice, so let's get to these. Number one, Ubisoft does have their own subscription on
console and the cloud. It's called Ubisoft Plus, and it's free to try until October 10th.
I forgot about that. I plumbed, but you know what? You have to install that. I shouldn't have forgot
because you have to install that fricking shell to get Assassin's Creed Odyssey on the PC. I don't
know if you know that, but with- I'm on a Mac.
Well, I know you do the cloud stuff, but I'm playing because of Game Pass and Game Pass PC.
It's not like the other games where it installs directly in Game Pass. You have to download the
Ubi thing and Game Pass basically talks to the Ubi thing and enables it on your account that way,
which is interesting. It used to be Uplay back in the day, but then yeah, like the
Twitter user saying, Dustin is saying, it's the Ubisoft Plus thing now is what it is. But I forgot
that it was also like a whole cloud subscription thing and you could get their whole library.
So yeah, good point. Good point. And then as another G4 comment, as far as G4 and cable
and leaks us to an article called Cable TV is the New Landline, which is kind of a point I was
trying to make last week, an article from the New York Times, due to our own timeframe tonight,
I'm not going to go through the article on air. I did read it off air when you first sent us the
tweet and it was really reemphasizing a lot of things I kind of thought I was saying last week
about yeah, cable TV is not going to be what it is now in another 20 years. And things change,
technology changes. That's okay. You don't see as many people rocking satellite dishes as you
used to, unless you live in a place that can't get service in any other manner. I realized-
Stay tuned is irrelevant.
If you're in Alaska, satellite is huge. And then Dustin says one more tweet that says,
whoever mentioned Crypt of the NecroDancer on the show, I got that on sale a month ago and I've been
addicted ever since. Got it for Switch too. Well, make sure you probably already know this if you're
a Switch user, but make sure you look out for Cadence of Hyrule as well. It's the same fricking
game from the same developers, but it's Zelda stuff. So even if you're not super into Zelda,
which I don't think many gamers would say that, but I'm sure there's some out there,
that was definitely worth a look would be Cadence of Hyrule if you are not already in that.
All right. Awesome. So I don't see anybody in the green room and that is a-okay because we're right
about nine o'clock anyway. I hope I wasn't discouraging people from calling in, but we'll
try again next week over at vognetwork.com slash discord. If nothing else, join the discord,
talk to us throughout the week, send us your comments, send us some other things you have
to say, cause I love to read them throughout the week. So vognetwork.com slash discord. And of
course the tweets are great too. Stadia fans and all gaming fans, twitter.com slash O-L-R for
whatever tweets you may have for us. And I hope we can join on some other podcasts as well out
there in the coming weeks. We love guesting on other shows, all of us. I'd love to have
them on. I think it would be awesome. Ever since we went virtual, we haven't really had a lot of
guests on the show. I think we have to figure out what the format for that looks like. So we're not
asking somebody to commit three whole hours to be here, but yeah, I'm all for bringing lots of it.
I think you and I know about Between Us, probably like at least 25 Twitch streamers we'd love to
bring on this show, if not more. So yeah. I would be down for it. I still kind of want to do
like my Dead by Daylight sort of themed one where interviews are conducted as a character.
Yeah. I think it would be funny. Bobby in chat says lies you've had Shane several times,
not for the whole show though. So yeah, we usually, and that's probably the way to do
it with a guest is we invite them in to talk about the kickoff topic. And usually when I've
had Shane on, or I think there was somebody else too in one episode, it's about the kickoff topic
and so forth. So we can always kind of shape the show that way, but we'll talk about that
another time. For now, we're going to wrap it up. Dark Soccer, I know you're about to head out
and do your thing. Do you want to give us a final thought tonight before you head out?
A Wesker.
Well said. All right. Bye, Jamie. Have a good stream.
Later taters.
All right. And of course, I'm going to say as always, thank you for downloading and listening
to Orange Lawns Radio, whether it was on the podcast feed or you were here live. I appreciate
you being a part of the show. You can always leave us a nice five-star review on iTunes or Spotify,
or wherever it is you found this podcast. Those reviews go an awful long way in those kind words.
We want to grow our family here at Orange Lawns Radio and Vogue Network. We can only do that.
They're bringing more people in here and spreading the word. So tell a friend or two about the show.
Thank you so much to those of you that do. I don't say that enough. I do see that there
are people that do that. I appreciate the shout outs. I appreciate the tweets.
All of that stuff is great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for those that do that.
That's it. Let's get final thoughts and get on out of here. Loki, your final thought tonight.
Almost done with this bill. I can't wait. Probably another day or so and I'll have it done.
And then a video this week for sure. It's been three weeks and I feel real bad about it. But
you know, considering everything that was going on and then the size of the bill. Yeah,
it's understandable. My final thought. I'm going to stream on my personal stream Monday and Friday.
Maybe. Well, I can't do Wednesday because work situation, but maybe Thursday night. I'm still
trying to figure out a good game to do Thursday night. I'm kind of on the fence between streaming
those Atari recharge games. I might get a couple more of them and stream those. Bone Champ. Or
well, yeah, there's always Trombone Champ. But I'm also thinking Splatoon three. I think I got
to get on board with that eventually. I'm kind of waiting to hear if they've patched some of
the communication issues, because that's the big thing that's been ticking me off about that. So
it's not so I'm playing that. I don't know if it's any good, but he likes it. Is he getting
disconnected? I think he's just been playing the single player. Oh, OK. Yeah, there is always that.
I could always just play that. But I still I don't really want to reward Nintendo for their crappy
online, but we'll see. We'll see. I otherwise have been hearing good things about the game.
A lot of tweets about this flat fest this weekend. So we'll see. We'll see.
Even less of an excuse now that we have to pay for it, you know?
Yeah, right. All right. But that is it. Thank you so much. Thanks for listening to Orange
Lounge Radio. Thank you so much for being here. We will see you next week. Have a wonderful week,
everybody. Good night. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
Thank you.
