You know the Sims? And the current game in that series has just under $1000 of DLC? Now
you can get the base Sims 4 for free! Thanks EA! You finally understood where the money
is made and gave people the same thing that shareware of decades past did in order to
entice consumers and provide value. Generosity! Wow! This is one story that should have come
out years ago. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell
you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode
number 930 of our show for tonight September the 18th of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and
I am joined with my co-hosts. Say hello and welcome back to DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Your hi didn't come through. You might be muted but how are you?
I'm not muted.
Now it came through. That was weird. Well, how are you?
My voice is still kind of messed up.
Well, I hope you are feeling better overall though.
I am for the most part. I'm on prednisone for my cough. One more week off of work. I
mean, it's, I'm getting bored. But I've got other stuff to be doing. But yeah, it's, it's,
yeah I just want the cough to go away and so far on my second day I've been pretty okay.
Just my voice is still trying to go out a little bit.
I mean, not your voice going out, but the cough is getting better. I talked a little bit on last
week's show about my own COVID troubles and luckily the cough for the most part has subsided. I still
hear Alan with it a little bit. But the interesting thing is we tested negative on the same day,
even though he didn't come down with COVID for about four or five days after me, but
he had Paxlevid. I didn't this time. So I think that helped.
So I, you know, in my case, I, we're not sure if my other issues extended it, or if it's considered,
you know, long COVID or not. So yeah, but I'm feeling better, which is good because, you know,
I've got TwitchCon coming up. Yeah, right. I'm like, well, at least I've gone through all that
before TwitchCon. I mean, I'd still like to get the shot, but I just, I have to talk to my doctor
about the timeframe. Of course I'm going to TwitchCon. Okay. I thought for some reason you
weren't and I, well, then I should have gotten a bigger hotel room for Disneyland on Monday.
Oh, well, we're flying. So we're flying back on Monday. So, because we, now, now we've missed
more work than either of us wanted to. So we don't want to extend the trip and we have, we're going
to Seattle in November. So there's, there's that we have as well. So yeah, I, my, my work takes
care of us for stuff like that. However long it takes to get better. That's good. So I can give
you more about that, but I've got a nice Airbnb with some of the other Twitch folks. Yeah, like
staying with Intoxicated and Fluffy and Deez Nuts. I'm sorry, you're friends with Deez Nuts?
Is that what you're saying here? Yes. All right. Is Deez Nuts your bestie?
We, we know each other. You, you, you're, you're pretty fond of Deez Nuts is what you're saying.
Look, you set it up. I took the shot. All right. Well, and also Cup of Jojo. I don't know if you've
ever. Yeah, I do recognize some of these names. I do. Yeah. All right. It's going to be a big
reunion there. Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki. Hi, Loki. Hello. You had me worried there
for a minute. I thought behind you, that was the footage we were going to talk about at the top of
the show tonight, but no, I recognize the characters. That's actually Grand Theft Auto 5.
I would never do that. Leak footage on the air. Who would do that? Me? No, but take two,
you know, is going to go hog wild with those takedowns. So obviously we will not be doing
any of that here tonight because we like our show to be able to be viewed in the archive.
But there's nothing wrong with showing Grand Theft Auto 5, a fine, a fine game,
in the Grand Theft Auto series. A game of all time. It is a game. Yes. Well, shoot, I guess I
kind of gave away what we're going to talk about at the top of the show here. We do talk about
video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. We do it live every Sunday night,
nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash
vog network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And, uh, you know, contrary to last week,
last week was a little bit slower in the news department. This week we had Tokyo game show.
So we've got a Nintendo direct to talk about. We've got a PlayStation direct to talk about.
We've got, um, other news that came out of Tokyo game show to talk about. Like there's,
there's no shortage of news this week. And then this morning, huge bombshell in the industry
drops. Um, yeah, Loki, you're, you're the fan here on this program of this series.
Tell us what went down. So, um, a user by the name of, uh, teapot Uber hacker, um, posted a link to,
um, it was a telegram download for 90 videos that they quote unquote,
goal from rock stars, um, from an employee Slack account. Um, this is also apparently the same
individual who hacked, um, Uber recently as well. And so on top of this, they say they,
they had 90 plus video clips from the game in development, uh, debug code or with the
debug code and stuff. They also said they had, I think the source for GTA five and I think for
sex as well. Um, so I mean, I'm not just gonna not download that. So, uh, I watched all of the
videos. Look, here's the thing. We're not going to play it here on the show, but you have social
media, you have a Twitter account. It's very easy to search to look at this and like, like, look
again, I think it's unfortunate this happened to rock star, but how am I going to not see it when
this is huge gaming news going on today in the industry? Can I just say this though, for what
it's worth? I mean, it sucks that rock star was robbed of a moment and the employees that have
been working on the game have been robbed of this. I, and I know gamers are always going to have
something to say and commentary, even though so many of them that do commentation on this industry
have no idea what they're talking about and what goes into actually making a game. But can I say
so like, Oh, how is this game using reused assets from grand theft auto five? Because that's what
every game does early in development. I don't think it is using reused assets from somebody
called that out on Twitter and was right through the coals out for it. But here's the thing is that
I actually thought it looked really good. I was like the graphics in this game are incredible.
This looks like this really looks next gen. So the rumor is the story supposed to take place
around these two main characters, Jason Lucia. So we have a female main protagonist in the game as
well. And it's supposed to be like a Bonnie and Clyde type story. So much like you can play three
different characters in five, it looks like you can at least play through two characters right
now. Like literally literally the opening scene in Pulp Fiction is what it is. Yeah, they had they
had a good scene where they were robbing a a fast food place and it kind of showed off some of the
stuff there most of the video because I watched all 90 of them. So most of the video they weren't
very long. Most of the video was just animation tests. So it's like testing animation blending
looks like they have a brand new animation system that's working with the game itself. So
you know, for different character aiming and stuff, it's gonna be very,
very dynamic the way it looks like it works like they have like different points of the body that
are kind of, you know, facing different directions and blending together and all that kind of stuff.
So there's a lot of tests regarding that. There was footage of like, it's basically just it's a
lot of debug stuff. It's either they're taking, you know, video footage of like, here's a bug
to here's some video footage of us testing this system and stuff. So it was kind of interesting
to see all that kind of behind the scenes stuff. I mean, obviously a lot of this is not close to
being finished, but it is pretty polished from what we've seen so far. There are a lot of
placeholder things like you could see some buildings that don't have the date like they've
I mean, it makes sense because you don't put those those checkerboard those checkerboard
textures that you always see in test. Yeah, that that's a test levels that they put in there to
test animations. They have a vehicle test level to test, you know, vehicle physics and whatnot.
And they have like different materials and they're testing just all they have, you know, stuff for
that. And then there's the main world that they're kind of testing stuff in as well. And I mean,
it looks pretty polished, but they've still got, you know, obviously there's placeholder buildings
and stuff in there where the details aren't necessarily there, which is fine. I mean, that
and the character models, there's a lot of like temporary character models that they're just using
it for, you know, kind of testing the mission scripting and all that stuff because all that
stuff comes like last like all of the polish and stuff on there.
And so some folks pointing out in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
SSG100 Matt says it's two year old alpha footage, it's going to be totally different and probably
already totally different. Not all of it is. Some of it is taken down and I want to see it.
Just so just search for GTA six, but use the Roman numeral six leaks on Twitter
and like go sort by recent. And you'll see videos as they come up.
It's a lot of it because all the files were dated. So I don't know if they're all from the
same builds, but based off of the build information that's in there, you can see which version of
Windows is running on. So some of them are from earlier. We'll just from a little bit earlier
this year. If the file names are to be believed, some of them are within like a few days ago.
Oh, and upwards to I think 20 like 2019 or 2020 is how far back they go. But it you can obviously
tell like from just some of the stuff that they're testing, like some of it's just like basic
animation things. Some of it now is more, you know, does the animation look correctly for
shooting out of a window? No, this is my character. You turn correctly, is it not look all
janky and that type of stuff. So they they're doing more of the complex stuff now to get that
going. But you can see their mission creation stuff. You know, a lot of it obviously is a huge
peak behind the curtain for better or for worse, right? It's a huge peak. It's still probably a
ways off. I think I think it's probably at least in the next year, not the year after by by this.
But it looks really good. That's the pre alpha stuff looks better than Saints Row.
I know. I think this might surprise you in some way that we're saying this. And again,
I'm not advocating what happened. It sucks that this happened. The fact of the matter is once on
the internet, always on the internet. So now that I've looked at the footage, I am like,
actually, it looks really good. Like the graphics look incredible. And I don't usually super get
into these games. But I've been trying I'll get into it in my gaming week. I've been trying a lot
of new shoes on the feet this week, thanks to things like game pass. And I got to admit,
I'm kind of interested in this. So for what it's worth, you won me over even though it was not
intended this way. And I'm sure that the actual polished trailer will be even more hype. But it's
interesting. Right. And the game, you know, for those who aren't familiar is going to take place
in Vice City, as was rumored to be the case. And it looks good. I mean, it looks good so far. Like
they certainly haven't shied away from all of like the lewd stuff like Saints Row did Saints Row was
like, we can't put any of this inappropriate stuff in there. It's just ridiculous. But we're
going to murder a ton of people. Whereas they're like, you know, there's a strip club scene in this
footage already. Like so it's it's like, I'm glad Grand Theft Auto is just Grand Theft Auto,
honestly, like they had some NPC dialogue, you know, this guy like spouting off all this like
QAnon, like conspiracy theory nonsense, you know, you're talking about like social media companies
trying to track your every movement and stuff like that. But it's all in game stuff. Obviously,
you know, they're talking about life life hacker and stuff like that, which is I think their
Facebook. It's just, I don't know, it's funny, it's it would be, I am very much looking forward
to a new Grand Theft Auto. Yeah, the story campaign. I am not looking forward to a Grand
Theft Auto online too, which will just be melt to death with microtransactions. But the stories are
always very good. I want to come back to Grand Theft Auto online in a minute because people say
this is actually the most damning part of the leak like whatever the Grand Theft Auto six part,
they'll recover from this. I mean, it sucks that they got the wind knocked out of it a little bit
with their big announcement everything but like, remember Half Life 2, like the entire source code
for that game leaked before it came out and that game ended up doing just fine. And I think Grand
Theft Auto six is going to be just fine. But let's talk about Grand Theft Auto online in a moment. I
want to get some more comments from the chat over twitch.tv slash vog network. Quest Buster says the
dev and debug panels were visible in the footage I saw like the holdup scene there was a lot of
placeholder code pinging reactions, behaviors, etc, with a bunch of dummies filling in. There
were also voice acting already implemented for the scene, which was surprising. It may be less
surprising if they actually mocap to the actors performing it as was what they did in Red Dead
Redemption, which you know, I kind of learned a lot more about thanks to Dragon Con and interviewing
the folks behind it that actually may have been one of the first things they did. It could be that
the main actors are actually motion captured like they were in Red Dead. I don't know. Loki is does
that seem like probably yes, it will be the case because that's how they did five. So it's not
they're going to do this until they did read it. And so that has to come first and then they add
everything in around it basically. And that's why the placeholder, you know, people in the diner and
stuff are probably not actually mocapped. And so they're they're getting added in and they're at a
different stage. So other comments in chat as to 100 Matt says the problem this is going to cause
not just would take to stock will take a hit tomorrow. But also the employees will be under
a lot of scrutiny now work from home arrangements may be revisited for some folks video and
screenshots not shared in slack probably this leak is going to make stabs lies very difficult. Yeah,
that's a very realistic look at the situation. I mean, with what minimal we've heard about how this
leak happened. I heard in there. It came from an employee's slack account. So one of two things
happen. And I think one is far more likely than the other one. You have a disgruntled employee.
I think that's the less likely one. Yeah, because just people are going to be afraid of this
contracts because yeah, the guy that basically said they hacked this did the same thing to Uber
in the same, you know, method to infiltrate it was social, social engineering. So she get the
credentials for an employee's slack account, and then downloading the information based off that
and see. I mean, I don't, I don't understand slack too much. But like, why is your source
code for your game linked in your slack account? Like, well, I mean, like the full back it up,
it probably opened the door to being able to from slack, get other credentials to log into place.
Like I don't think the source code was just sitting there on slack. I think there were
other credentials, as that person was going through the different chat rooms and so forth,
probably found maybe an internal leak. Maybe it turned out the person's slack login was also
some type of intranet login. Like there's a million things that could have happened
that I think it was, I don't think it's like the source code was just posted there to pin post on
slack. It's not that, but I think it was the first, first breadcrumb to get to that stuff
is what it was. I think that's how it happened. And my question is, if it was social engineering,
where the hell was two factor authentication? I realize there are very sophisticated ways to get
around that nowadays. So I guess it could have been there, but I would say if two factor auth
wasn't enabled and mandated for everybody, it sure will be tomorrow. And quite honestly,
even if you're not at take two, two factor authentication is going to be mandatory for
you in the next couple of weeks, if not already. At my work, you can't get into anything without
being on a specific VPN. Yeah. Yeah. Now Bobby Black Wolf does point out, and yes, I do. I'm not
a complete dummy. I know that there are ways around two factor authentication.
So Bobby Black Wolf says grabbing session tokens gets around two factor auth. I do know that,
but haven't we heard way too much in the news? Like this is how in politics, do you remember
the whole Democrat email server breach and this whole thing? That was all a targeted phishing
social, it was all that. And the person did not have two factor authentication because it wasn't
required for whatever reason, and they got in there. So this type of stuff unfortunately
happens a lot, even without two factor auth. And somebody probably didn't realize, oh, we probably
need this on Slack as well because all these breadcrumbs lead these different directions.
Again, I'm not the hacker, so I don't know how they did it, but based on the limited information
we have, I don't see how it's not this one way or the other. And now this is the part that
has to be looked at is how are people logging into these applications like Slack or Microsoft
Teams, whatever it is, what kind of information is being put on these things? That's the stuff
that's really going to be under a microscope, I think in the coming weeks, no matter where you're
at, especially at Take-Two, but has this been unique to Take-Two either? No. But what about
Capcom? Remember that just happened not that long ago, and I bet it was a very similar sort of thing,
and so on and so on. So anyway, I wanted to talk a little bit about the Grand Theft Auto Online and
the source code leaking for that. Loki, people are saying that that could bring Grand Theft
Auto Online to its knees. What's your takeaway on that? Probably not. I don't think it will.
If anything, it'll just help with cheat making and stuff like that, but I don't think it will.
And also at this point, if the new game's coming out and there's going to be a new
Grand Theft Auto Online anyways, I don't think it's going to matter. Well, but that thing's
still a cash cow and has to pay to keep the lights on for the next two years while they
polish Grand Theft Auto 6. But I'm not saying Grand Theft Auto Online is going to suddenly
shut down. I mean, worst case scenario, question mark, everybody has to download a new client to
log in. Like they could do some major patches to the client to try to patch out whatever they come
up with. But that could be a huge undertaking in a lot of hours that I'm not sure the company wants
to put onto Grand Theft Auto Online. Well, despite what I don't like with Grand Theft Auto Online
and the way that Rockstar Games handles things, I do the one positive upside you could take from
that is like with the source code leaking for Grand Theft Auto Online, that means that when
they do shut down Grand Theft Auto Online, someone will be able to create dummy servers
for Grand Theft Auto Online to be able to continue that on afterwards. So it is good for video
game preservation in that sense. But I mean, it's already a hacker mess anyways,
and Grand Theft Auto Online anyways, from what I understand, though, I don't see how this is
any different. All right, I heard something about that Grand Theft Auto 5 source code already went
for like $100,000 or something like that on the dark web or whatever you want to call it.
Ah, yeah, whatever that means. Yeah. But, you know, as again, pointed out in chat by
Quest Buster, and I said it earlier, remembers when the Half Life 2 source code was leaked,
like so you know, again, Grand Theft Auto 6 is still going to sell 11 billion copies.
The reality is most people, most people buying that game aren't checking gaming news on Twitter
regularly. That's the fact of the matter. Most people that are buying these games are not the
people that are tuned into looking at leaks and that sort of stuff. And even if they did, again,
I would think most people are going to be like, wow, that looks pretty good. But I guess there's,
you know, gamers are going to be gamers sometimes and everybody's going to have a criticism. But
I mean, understanding that this is still in development stuff,
you know, the stuff that I saw, I was like, wow, okay, now I see why this game is taking forever.
To be honest, like, I'm like, okay, yeah, like, this is definitely like next level graphic stuff.
And I can say this is taking a very long time. I think they're claiming that they're not going
to be crunching their employees, which is why it's been developed over however many years.
Yeah. I mean, let's be honest, like, they're making billions of dollars off of Grand Theft
Auto, like each year. So they have the resources to be able to not stress their employees and to
be able to pay them for the long haul to develop a great game. Like, so there's absolutely no
excuses like, well, we, we had to get it out early because we just didn't have the funding.
No, you have so much money. Like, it's just not even a problem. Yeah.
All right. Well, we'll see what develops tomorrow is going to be I mean, the bummer,
quote unquote, is that for the live folks, we kind of have to wait for tomorrow to see what
Take Two's official response really is. And I bet the lawyers are going to be out there in mass,
shutting down the footage the best they can. I'm sure they're already on it.
You know, once on the internet, always on the internet, it's a very hard thing to-
The post is gone.
What's that?
The forum post is gone.
Oh, yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. So I, you know, all that. Bobby in a chat reposting a Twitter joke.
Breaking news, police have arrested the man suspected of stealing the GTA source code.
However, he immediately respond outside the police station. Yes, yes. Well, but you know,
if this person is caught, if this person is caught, they, I mean, that's what ended up
ultimately happening with the Half-Life 2, if I remember right, is the guy had the gall to contact
Gabe Newell looking for a job and ended up getting arrested by like, it was either the FBI or the
German version of it because I believe the guy was in Germany or, you know, again, this was a
long time ago. My memory is a little rusty, but he was arrested by authorities somewhere on his way
to go talk to Gabe Newell about getting a job when I think Gabe Newell had planned to turn him
in himself. So if this person does get caught, if, there could be harsh penalties. Of course,
if this person is in certain countries where they're not going to extradite and they're not
going to give a shit, then it's not going to matter. So we'll see. Let's see. Let's see.
Dang, there's one other thing I wanted to say on that. Oh, well, it'll come back to me later,
I'm sure. But I'm also looking at chat. Zen Monkey says, I was thinking he was just a fellow gamer
looking to keep your Anthototo online after the server shut down. We'll see. It could have been
somebody, you know, because if I recall correctly, it was either the Witcher 3 source code or the
Cyberpunk source code. Somebody bought that with the intent to give it back to CD Projekt Red.
They bought it with the intent to keep it offline. So I'm not saying that happened here,
but it may have been a, I don't know what you would call it, a white knight or something,
a knight in shining armor. The name escapes me, but somebody tried to do a good thing,
basically, for the company. So we'll see. You mean like a Good Samaritan?
Yeah, Good Samaritan. That's it. Thank you. Trying to do this, you know, but that's a lot
of money to be in a Good Samaritan. All right. Anyhow, we'll see what Monday's response looks
like. For those on the podcast feed, by the time you're hearing this, you'll probably already hear
some stuff from Take Two, and I'd be very curious to see, you know, what they're going to say about
it. I'm not sure there's a lot they can, except emphasizing that they really frown on this being
shared, that it is early in development, and we look forward to showing you an official look,
a polished look at Grand Theft Auto 6 very soon. I'm not sure there's a lot they can say outside
of that. All right, let's talk about the games we have been playing this week in a segment called
How Is Your Gaming Week that we do here every week, and Dark Sakura, let's go to you. How
is your gaming week? Of course, I've been playing Dead by Daylight. I also watched the Light in the
Fog tourney. That was pretty fun. I have been playing Cold to the Lamb. Final Fantasy IV,
I got back to last night. I'm close to beating the game, so I'm either going to do Final Fantasy V or
Star Ocean next. I haven't decided. I think I'm going to do V. Wordscapes have been playing,
Patterned again, because they put out an update for Patterned today. I had something else that's
on. Oh, yeah, and I'm going to be starting Avengers, I think, when I'm done with Cold
to the Lamb. Nice. Playing through Stadia again. Nice. By the way, weren't you, I forgot to ask
you before we were on air, so sorry to spring this on you, but did you still do that other
show today? Did you want to give it a plug? I did. I did do the interview for Stadia dosage,
and I believe it will be live on Tuesday. I'll be given a link soon as to when it will be on,
but it's going to be reposted on YouTube, so look for Stadia dosage. I had just the best time
talking to MM2K, who has also been a long-time listener of us. Oh, that's great. Yeah, and it
was a really good experience. We basically went way off the rails about different topics,
because I think we're both fairly passionately opinionated people, and we talked about the
state of gaming, and about people needing to know their roots, and shaking our canes at the kids on
our lawn. Just the difference that Stadia has made to us, and especially for me, being a Mac gamer,
Stadia has been the way I get to play some of these things, because of incompatibility with
the ARM environment for Windows. There's been some of that going on. Still trying to get me to play
Division, and I don't think I'm going to, but we'll see. We talked for, gosh, maybe three and
a half hours, including the interview. We could have gone more, but I was losing my voice.
So it was a really great experience. I'm looking forward. I don't like to listen to my
voice, as I know that you know, especially right now, since I sound like I've been swallowing gravel.
But I'm thinking it's going to be pretty good. We went over some pretty big
stuff too, just in terms of why 60 frames per second on games is going to be the max
that would be, what's the word I'm thinking of, perceptible by human eyes, outside of going into
long exposures and things, and doing multiple frames in slow-mo, and various.
Like, I know we were talking about CRTs, and why a 60 frames per second game played on a CRT isn't
going to make a big difference, as it would be on a nice LCD screen, about pixel size, scan refresh,
that type of thing. We went into color theory, and just talking about the differences between
the games that we used to play, and the games we're playing now, and updating them, and various,
and talked about, great, my brain just blanked. I was just saying, it sounds like it'll be a
good interview. Is the Stadia dosage, is that a podcast or a YouTube thing?
It's a podcast, but I think you also, if you go to stadiodosage.com, I'll put a link in the chat,
there is how you get to everything.
Nice, okay.
And yeah, it's really good. He's got some blog content on there too.
There's videos for the show and everything. So I think, I know it's on YouTube, and I'm sorry,
he didn't actually say that there's content on Stitcher and a few others. So
I think the audio is recapped.
Stitcher is just a podcast app. So yeah, I'm sure it's, that's cool. Great. All right.
I'm pretty excited about some of the stuff happening in the Stadiaverse.
All right. Well, we'll check in on the show later this week, it sounds like. All right. Well,
if that's it for your gaming week, let's go over to Loki. How was your gaming week?
It was all Minecraft again. Still working on my big build. So it is going to be the biggest
build I've ever done. So until you decide next time, I want to go even bigger.
Yep. Until next time.
Perfect. All right. Well, that's short and sweet. All right. My gaming week,
a lot of the same type of stuff. Still been playing Final Fantasy 14. My island sanctuary
is up to level nine. So I'm almost max level in the casual mini game, but I love the island
sanctuary stuff. It's very, I like to just sit there and gather while I either like watch Twitch
channels or YouTubes or whatever. So that's been very, very good to pass the time. So still playing
Final Fantasy 14. I finished the story patch content a long time ago. I don't really do
Savage rating. I don't really have the time or group to commit to it. So I just kind of take
the content that's there. I'm still really looking forward to the mid patch because it's supposed to
add in like a new type of endless dungeon sort of thing. So I'm really curious to see what that's
all about. So that'll be coming soon-ish. Otherwise, I've also been playing Diablo 3
and a lot of it. In fact, I've hit the point. My character is now Paragon, I think 730.
I think I hit. Now, the interesting thing about that, my non-seasonal Paragon or my
non-seasonal character is Paragon 715. What that means, anytime you beat a season, all of the XP
just dumps into your non-season characters. So what that means, right now in season 27,
that started a few weeks ago, I have more XP than my entire career over the last 10 years combined.
Now, I know, right? But here's some things to keep in mind. It's not exactly a one for one because
as these seasons keep going, they add new things so that you can progress farther into deeper rifts
where you get more XP. So I would say it's easier now to do a Torment 16 is no big deal
when the game used to cap out at Torment 6 and the greater rifts you could do were only so good
after that. So they've added things like ancients, primal ancients, and now there's this whole
arcane dust thing that they're doing in the recent season. So it's not quite one for one,
but still, I was pretty impressed to think like, wow, I have more XP on this character in five
weeks than my entire previous career. It's pretty something. I've also been playing Dead by Daylight
as well. I was playing on stream with some friends on Friday. I think once again, Dark
Sakura, I went and I checked back later and you had taken my place. I think they'd cycled a few
people through, but you had taken my place, so to speak, on a Taze Friday stream and that cracked me
up. So I hope you guys are having fun. I did come in when there were only three people in there and
I was joking, let me play with you. And I was like, no, I'm actually, I just got home and I'm
kind of tired. And he's like, actually, if you want to join in on the next round, I'm like, okay.
Nice. I don't know how it went for you. We had some really good matches. Like,
we escaped almost every time except for the last match I played, the killer decided to tunnel me
out, which- We had some really stinky people. Yeah.
I mean, but I don't know if you saw the screenshot that I put up on my Twitter
of us both slugged on Freddy's dirty mattress. Oh, Lord.
Yeah, it was, you know, and we were having fun. I mean, it was always a fun time. I like to,
you know, I've decided, it's just something for myself, that if I'm in a match with a stinky
person, the moment I realize they're stinky, I'm going to fuck with them.
Yeah. I mean, you know, and people, you know, I get asked this sometimes, like,
why do you keep playing that game when you talk about how terrible a lot of the players are?
Because you know what, when you are playing with friends or even if you're just, it is a lot of
fun. Like, it's just, you know what, because the match is over in 15, 20 minutes, and then you
move on to the next match and it's whatever. Exactly.
Yeah. Well, there's some people,
though, who don't let themselves get over it and are just, I don't know.
That's why I love this new anonymous mode. So people only, because, so they added a new thing
in the last patch where, you already know this, but I'm explaining for the listeners,
where you can replace your name with the name of the character you're playing. So for example,
if I'm playing Chris Redfield, then my name just shows as Chris Redfield, like 02 or 03,
whatever player number slot I'm in. So the other players, they can, they can talk all the smack
they want, but that's it. They got to leave it in the match because there's no way to find me
afterwards. So it's that, you know. Well, but even on top of that though,
I mean, it's just, it does get on, on you after you've had stink after stink after stink, you
know? And I've really just been trying to, you know, put myself a little bit past it,
you know, like, okay, so they're a piece of shit. Great. I don't have to dwell on it.
Once the game is over, they don't exist in my universe. That's what I'm trying to do.
You know, if it's bad enough, then maybe I will, you know, submit a, uh, you know, uh,
a video or, or something, you know, and then certainly not going to not talk about it.
You know, I want to make sure that they, cause like there were these people the other day who
are going, Oh, uh, kills the skills. I'm like, no, it's not. Kill is when you go and you give
everyone a fair chance to enjoy the game. Kill is when you're not just setting traps, you know,
unless you're playing trapper. Uh, you know, we were studying using a slugged person as bait or
just face camping somebody. And on top of that now I just flat out someone's face camping. I just,
I don't bother getting them. I just go in and do gens.
Exactly. That's what you have to do. Well, the reassurance perk, if,
if you're running it, which I usually don't, but it's extremely helpful now for those,
you know, face campers is great on two story levels. Yeah. Yeah. Cause then you can totally
just, uh, run above them. Yeah. Anyway. Um, there was dead by daylight, but here's,
here's the other game I've been playing this weekend. This one even surprised me,
but, um, and I'm sure it'll come up again later in the show. So sorry if I'm, uh,
biting a story here, but, um, you know, with Tokyo game show, Microsoft made several announcements
and they announced, you know, they were kind of focused on game pass a lot as they have been
lately in the States and other countries. So why wouldn't they do the same for Japan?
Uh, and they added a lot of stuff to game pass. And one of the games they added to game pass was
Assassin's Creed Odyssey. And I was like, Hmm, what the heck? I want to download this to see
what it's all about. And I have to admit, it took me a minute to get into it. I wasn't super
feeling it in the beginning, but as the game kind of started to ramp up a little bit and like the
world started opening up and I was getting branching questing paths, I'm kind of into it
now. Uh, and yeah, you know, I don't usually play these games. It's not, I don't know. I just,
I don't know why I just never have been, uh, super into the, the actiony, I think because I don't
really care for like stealth stuff. And I know Assassin's Creed is a lot of that, but because,
you know, how many of these games have there been by now? A ton, right? So they've learned
from each game. And a lot of them are in Stadia. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, and, but the thing with
Assassin's Creed Odyssey, and I'm sure some of the other more recent ones do this too,
but they, they have Bobby Black Wolf mode in it left and right. And it's, it's very easy. The
stealth part is not difficult. And even if you get seen, the enemies are like, what, what's that?
What's going on? They're kind of like slowly walking. Like it's just like very over the top
in like, they're not very skilled. Um, and you even can get an ability like right off the bat
where like, if you get seen, you can slow time instantly. So you can fire off an arrow shot
and still get like the first hit on him, even when you get seen. So they've, and I'm sure there
are a lot of people that will be like, well, that's not skill. That's I don't care. You sit
down and shut up and let me play my game the way I want to. And having those five seconds to get
that perfect headshot in with an arrow is just, is that's what I needed to make the game a little
more welcoming and interesting. And, um, yeah, I've been, I've been having fun with it and it
is really pretty. I will say this. It is really, really pretty because, um, I haven't been able to,
you know, I got this new PC a few months ago and I haven't played a lot of cutting edge 4k games on
it, but this game looks, looks marvelous, uh, on my system. It's, it's beautiful. Uh, I can't wait
to get to some more varied environments, but like I was in a cave and I was like, oh, this like
Tomb Raider I'm playing right now. This is cool. And then like, you know, some of the outside world
is very pretty that you, you take over a bird and some portions of the bird helps you see what's
going on, like literally a bird's eye view. So you can assess the situation before you go in
there. And like the way it handles it is very seamless and very, very cool. So yeah, I think,
I think I'm into Assassin's Creed all of a sudden, isn't that weird and wild, but this game is
interesting. Let me tell you the one complaint I have. So for, and this is, this is a silly
complaint, but I don't care. It's a complaint. So, you know, I'm spoiled by things like Mass Effect,
where you can create your own character. In this game, you can, you can at least pick your
character. Now you can play either Alexios, male, you can play Cassandra, a female. You couldn't
always even pick between those two. Um, but like Alexios, I just, I kind of wish I could make them
look different. Like I just don't really care for the base model. Um, but okay, whatever. And,
and why didn't I play Cassandra? I really could have, but I heard, I heard there was, uh,
same sex romance available in the game. So for that reason, I'm going to stick with Alexios.
So, um,
There was one I was interested in and it was, um, because in one of my art history classes, our
teacher talking about the Vatican, um, put up a picture of a screenshot from, I want to say it
was Assassin's Creed 2. Yeah, probably. That, uh, was actually a pretty faithful recreation
of what this particular block in Italy was supposed to look like. And ever since then,
I was like, I just want to play it and explore and not do any of the missions.
That, no, that is legit a mode in the newer games. Like maybe not Assassin's Creed 2,
but like, I haven't explored it yet. Maybe Quest Buster or somebody who knows the series better
than I do can elaborate, but I noticed there's an option on the main menu called discovery.
And I think with the last game, so the last game, uh, the name escapes you. It might've been
origins, but it was ancient Egypt themed. And I think they started there where you just like,
you can have like a history exploration mode where you just like are exploring the pyramids
in the game and this stuff. And I believe they did it here too, where you just are exploring
ancient Greece. Uh, and that whole thing, uh, that Quest Buster says in origins and Odyssey,
there is a tour mode. You can enable to just walk around and get the history behind the areas.
So, so there you go right up your alley. Right. So yeah. Yeah. So you don't, you don't,
if that's the game for you, that can literally be the game for you. I think that's pretty cool.
Uh, it's interesting because now there's ads for the new Assassin's Creed Mirage,
like all over the title screen and stuff. It's interesting how they can kind of do that,
um, in the, in the interface. But, uh, yeah, so I know I never thought I would become like
an Assassin's Creed fan, but I'm kind of like into this game. So we'll see, we'll see how we'll see,
you know, it's going to take me what, like 50 hours to beat it. So check in with me again in
a couple of weeks. Cause they also released Nino Cooney remastered edition on game pass.
And I've been very tempted to revisit that game, especially now that it's remastered, but, um,
you know, we'll see. We'll see. All right. That's plenty for my gaming week. Let's get into some
other gaming news. Um, it was a busy week. Like I said, yeah, short and sweet Minecraft, the biggest
realm ever. His biggest build ever build ever. Yes. So it's going to be amazing. You'll, I you'll
have to see what it looks like. Yeah. Did you see the Tokyo game show, uh,
sale on steam by the way? Ooh, no, I didn't. Is there some good stuff on there?
There's like a Ninja Gaiden master collection and a lot of the final fantasy updates. And,
but one that kind of surprised me was seeing a layer section. Um, which is probably one of the
favorite shooters we have in the house is actually galactic attack in a layer section.
Um, I mean, we've got them on Saturn, but, but I mean, and there's some pretty decent, uh,
mat games on there too, like some cute little stuff, but I was actually just really
surprised to see some of the ones on here. Um, also, uh, one of the, the 3d Toho games.
Well, you mentioned the final fan. If those are the pixel,
uh, Toho mechanical, uh, schoolery. If those are the, um, pixel remasters for
final fantasy, I do want to go back and pick more of them up. Cause I like, they,
they did a good job with four. I w that's the only one I bought. I only allowed myself to buy final
fantasy four and I liked it. Um, but I resisted buying any of the others because I was convinced
they were going to put them all out on switch at some point, but now June has come and gone.
Now Tokyo game shows come and gone with the Nintendo direct to play and no sign of the pixel
remasters. So I have a feeling maybe they're not going to put it on console after all. Of course,
they're just waiting for me to buy it and then it'll get put on console.
So, um, there's a game that I have on my list when it comes out called drill man rumble.
That's like a fighting game with people with giant drills.
Nice. Uh, and over in chat, of course the classic is on there by the way. Sorry.
No, that's right. The classic joke of Bobby black Wolf hates Nino Cooney has come up in our chat
room, uh, talking about the demo, because if y'all didn't remember and, you know, to explain
a years old and joke at this point, the original demo for Nino Cooney was terrible because it did
not give enough explanation as to what the hell was going on in the game. And so it was just,
it really was not fun to play through and it really did not get leave a good impression for
the game. But by the time the game came out, I ended up playing it anyway. And I actually liked
it. And I was like, wow, they did a really shit job with the demo because they did not, uh, make
this game as good as it actually is. I remember playing Nino Cooney 2 as well, which I believe
had some differences. It's been years since I've touched either one of them, but Nino Cooney 2
wasn't bad either. So I'm curious about the remaster for the first one, because despite,
you know, all this, you know, stuff that Bobby black Wolf says about the demo,
it is time to let a PlayStation 3 demo go now that we're on a remasters on, uh, you know,
PlayStation 4 slash 5. And so, uh, I'm curious, especially now it's on game pass, like, you know,
hello, you don't have to pay anything extra for it if you're already paying for game pass.
So it makes a pretty good case to check it out. And of course, never, never forget, never forgive
you typical gamers. You all in chat. All right, let's move on and talk about speaking of
PlayStation. Thanks to Tokyo game show this week, we got a lot of PlayStation news in a,
in a state of play. I keep saying PlayStation direct. We all know what influenced PlayStation
state of play. We all know where it's a PlayStation direct, which is just their own branding. We get
it. It's just, it's Sony being on brand with stealing Nintendo ideas. Yeah. Um, so yes,
they had a state of play event where they showed off a bunch of different games,
including trailers for Tekken eight, which looks pretty awesome. Uh, they just have like a little
animated, I don't even know if it was really gameplay, but basically saying that stay tuned
for more information about that, uh, star Wars tales from the galaxies edge enhanced edition,
which is an enhanced version of the game that came out in the Oculus quest.
And that's supposed to be out for the PlayStation VR to whenever that's out, uh,
Demeo is coming to the PlayStation VR too, as well. It's like a tabletop, uh, VR game
and it looks pretty cool. Uh, like a dragon Asian, which is another, uh, Yakuza spinoff game.
Although, you know, not to be confused, I think like a dragon, I'm not sure if they're
re rebranding their whole Yakuza series. I will talk about this in a little bit. Exactly.
But anyways, uh, it's, it's, if you're thinking like a dragon being like the other,
like a dragon game, uh, it's not, it's more of like an action brawler type thing. I thought
they were, I thought they were making the, uh, dragon quest RPG, the new standard. I thought
that was the thing moving forward. Uh, no, this one does not look like that at all. So if it is,
it's doesn't reflect it. The gameplay trailer does not reflect that. Interesting. Um,
Hogwarts legacy got a new trailer, um, supposed to be coming out February 10th,
uh, Pacific drive looks interesting. I'm sorry. I have to get this off my chest. I am so mad
that that dumb woman who wrote a book once ruined the, this series for me because I, you know,
I look at that and I go, huh, it looks neat, but like, I, I can't bring myself to care at all about
that universe whatsoever. And it just, it just stinks. It's just, and I under look,
there's no ethical consumption under capitalism. I get that people have to pick and choose their
own battles. There's going to be people that buy that game, whatever you do, you bestie.
But I just, I can't bring myself to give a hoot about that game. And I'm just so angry at that
dumb woman for what she did to her own franchise. Anyway, I just, I'm sorry. I have to get that off
my chest. Yeah. Um, Pacific drive looks interesting. It's kind of like a first person
dystopian, like I guess a road trip type game. Um, it almost looks like the long drive, except if
it were a competent game and also had like weird stuff in there. Thank you. Chat room is clarified.
I didn't catch this, that you actually were talking about the two different games there.
Asian was a game that already existed. And so it was kind of like a, a precursor, if you will,
to you cause like a dragon that is not turn-based that because it wasn't in the series wasn't that
way, but now the mainline numbered games will be turn-based. So that's, that's what's going on
there. Cool. Thank you, Chad. Um, they talked a little bit about PlayStation stars, which is
their rewards program. That sounds like NFTs without saying that it's NFTs, but it's basically
you earn digital collectibles, which sounds so much like NFTs. And when they showed it,
it looks like NFTs, except I'm not sure if you can sell them. It's like, it's like, if you will,
um, the PlayStation trophies you would get in PlayStation home and being able to share like
little things that like, almost like achievements for that, but I'm not sure where you get these
from. And if you can trade them or whatever and sell them, then that sounds like NFTs, but it's
just stinks like NFTs right now. That was the exact same thing I was worried about when I first
heard about that. I was like, is this NFTs? Cause yikes. Uh, there's some. It smell like an NFT
and it looked like an NFT. Some third person, um, like power armor combat game, um,
called sin duality looked okay. Um, stellar blade kind of resembles a little bit of like a,
you know, anime, um, protagonist, dark souls type game. Looks neat, I guess, uh, rise of Ronan,
which is a new team Ninja game and, um, almost reminds me a little bit of an assassin screen
type thing, which, you know, neat, uh, got a war. Ragnarok has a controller that's coming out and
they also showed off a new story trailer as well for the game. And those are out in November.
And that was clearly the big thing that they were waiting to show off was, you know,
God of war. Cause that's going to be their big holiday title, obviously. So yeah.
Yeah. Is that game also on PS4? It is, isn't it? Yeah. Cause I guess technically they still don't
have PlayStation fives on target shelves. Although most people are saying they're relatively easier
to come by now than they were. So I still haven't seen them in stores. I have seen,
I think you still have to play the game a little bit, but you don't have to play it as hard as you
used to. Yeah. Like the Sony direct thing is a pretty reliable way to get them. I think is,
is what I'm hearing now. Yeah. I've been holding out. Cause I was going to see if
they were going to refresh them this year. That's what I thought might happen is there
might be a refresh. Um, but now I'm just honestly, at this point, I'm holding off to it. Cause
this is what inevitably always happens, you know, and Sony really has nobody, but well,
I would say themselves, but the industry does this. It doesn't matter. You could be Microsoft
and this is a halo console console. You could be Nintendo and this is a splatoon three.
It's not even a halo console anymore. Uh, yeah, yeah, we, uh, not after last what's happened,
but you know what I mean? Or it could be a splatoon three console comes out and then
literally like the next week, a, uh, scarlet violet Pokemon one comes out like in Nintendo.
But my point is now I'm waiting to see if a final fantasy 16 PlayStation five or something branded
with that comes out. We did see there was the Ragnarok controller coming. That looked very
pretty, um, for that. So it just, it just seems like, and maybe it, because maybe it wouldn't
be in good taste to do a limited edition console while they're still hard to come by. I don't know.
Um, but they're not doing a full Ragnarok console at least as far as we know. So, but if they do a
sick, that's what I'm holding out for now. That's why I'm not getting a PlayStation five yet is that
number one, I have a computer now good enough to play pretty much anything. And Sony is putting
out most stuff on PC. Now, if final fantasy 16 is not same date on PC, which I'm not expecting
it to be, then I will get a PlayStation five just for that game because I am a fan boy.
Yeah. Um, another bit of information that wasn't necessarily included in the state of play, it's
come out that the PlayStation two VR will not be backwards compatible with the PlayStation one VR,
which makes sense when you think about it. Cause I mean, this is the system for tracking
controllers are completely different. Like it would be hard to retrofit all of that stuff
back in there to get that stuff all compatible. Um, yeah. When I first heard the news, I was like,
what the fuck? What a, what a, what a terrible thing to do, you know, that to close off the
PlayStation VR one library. But then when I really sat down to think about it and read some followup
conversation, I was like, Oh yeah, they completely changed the tracking where there's actually no
camera that looks at you anymore. There's no more red and blue balls on the place that would
completely change the way that beat saber detection is working and things like that.
I'm sure many of the all star titles will be redone for play. I there, well, I keep saying
there will absolutely be a beat saber, but now that I think about it, that's all owned,
but I, they would be silly not to do it, but I guess anything's possible.
They are a silly company.
It's true. That is true. But Tetris effect, I imagine certainly will have a PSVR too.
I would see like, you know, and it's, it's good that we maybe get a, you know, a remaster of
until dawn rush of blood, you know, would be nice with some extra levels, please.
Yeah. So I understand why it's not backwards compatible. It stinks. You kind of wish there
was a way for them to just say, well, can't you just kind of have an easy translate emulate that?
No, it's not. It's not that easy, but hopefully it won't be too difficult for the all star games
to be repackaged. It does suck. But I mean, you can still play your PlayStation VR on the
PlayStation five, I think. So you just have to have the whole headsets. Yeah. And the camera
and the move controller. Yeah. There is all that. So what did you think overall of the PlayStation
state of play? Loki, were you, were you pleased with it? Were you kind of like,
I wish there'd been more or where were you at with that?
There's a lot of games I'm not really interested in, honestly. I mean, some of it looks good.
I've got a war. I haven't really played the last God of war game.
So I'm not super excited about it, but I know it's a good game. Yeah. I don't know.
Not really super excited about anything that they showed.
Um, I think the things that jumped out to me, um, even though I'm not a huge God of war person,
although, you know, it's new year, new me, anything can happen now, clearly based on my
gaming week. So never say never. Um, I think the games that really stood out to me, Pacific drive
looked kind of, it was very stylish and, you know, I like a good driving game,
although I understand there's more to it than that, but that, uh, the one that kind of surprised me,
was Demi-O, the one that was the tabletop RPG kind of in that VR space because I'm
admittedly not the Dungeons and Dragons and tabletop fan that a lot of other people are.
I'm certainly not a hater. I think it's a great creative outlet and like, maybe I just kind of
wish I had a group and I'd play it more regularly. I don't know. You know, that's on PC though.
Oh, the Demi-O? Yeah, it's already out on PC.
See, that's good to know. That's good to know. Uh, and then Tekken 8 looked, you know,
looks pretty, you know, even though we kind of, we kind of knew it was coming. Uh, it's,
it's still nice to have it confirmed and it looked very pretty. Um, you know, rain, rain and more
rain. Yes. All right. Um, going to chat a lot of comments on the, uh, PSVR stuff. Bobby, uh,
Black Wolf, who's on before us here at VOG Network says it's easier to write the new tracking into
your game than it is to build an entire emulation layer to translate what your game is looking for
into what the PSVR 2 is actually able to detect. Is it possible? Yes. Well, thank you for at least
putting that out there. Would it cost a lot of time and money? Yes. Would it be janky and not
a great emulation? Also, yes. And I do understand all that. It's just, I can't, yeah, I can't not
sit here and go, ah, it's a bummer, but I get it. I wonder though, if there is a possibility
for them, like say that a developer really wanted to like get their game to work with it, if they
could like add a compatibility with that stuff, like if they could just rewrite how it works or
something like that. I would imagine, I would imagine they've already reached out to the top 10
VR game makers and having those conversations. In fact, if you think about it, um, one of the games
that I know is very popular on PSVR is No Man's Sky and Hello Games some time ago announced that
there was going to be a PSVR 2 version before it was confirmed that it's not going to be compatible
with PS because there were some people going, well, yeah, of course there's going to be a VR 2
version. They're just going to take the VR 1 version and push the button differently. But now
now that we've all sat down and critically thought about it, oh wait, no, Hello Games is actually
going and making a PSVR 2 version of No Man's Sky. So, you know, there, I would say look at
the top 10 PlayStation VR games and Sony's probably having conversations and I would bet
dimes to dollars No Man's Sky is one of the top 10 games. So we already knew that's coming. So,
all right. Uh, let's see Zen Monkey 11 in chat says I'm a PlayStation VR owner and I'm happy
it's not backwards compatible. They needed to upgrade that thing. They better have better
lenses this time around. No one talks about how bad the lenses were on the PSVR, my main issue
with it. Yeah. So, I mean, you know, the, maybe it's just going to feel smoother, feel better,
you know, um, just as a device. And so maybe we need to leave the past in the past. I don't know.
So, all right. Uh, that was the PlayStation State of Play. Let's talk about now the Nintendo Direct
that also happened this week. By the way, neither of these things we knew were happening, although,
you know, with Tokyo Game Show this week, you should have probably anticipated it.
But we did get a Nintendo Direct that happened this week, and there was quite a few announcements
that were made in that as well. Fire Emblem Engage was announced. Fire Emblem is back,
and this is a new game in the series that will be out in January of 2023. It Takes Two,
which I believe was Game of the Year at the Game Awards last year, is now getting a Nintendo Switch
version. So that is coming out on November 4th. But of course, if you want to put down your money
for a pre-order, you can already do that now. Fatal Frame, Mask of the Lunar Eclipse.
This game was originally on the Wii. It was not released outside of Japan, but guess what? You
are getting an English version now in early 2023 on the Switch. And I know, Fatal Frame is
definitely one of those like cult hit series of games. So there's going to be some very specific
people out here that will be very happy with this news. So, um, congrats to the Fatal Frame fans.
Uh, Xenoblade Chronicles 3 was just confirmed there's new content coming. That really shouldn't
be too much of a surprise, but Eno is coming in the second wave of the expansion pass,
and she has new abilities for the roster. There'll be new challenge battles and so on and so on.
October 13th is the day for all of that. Guess what? If you love SpongeBob SquarePants and who
doesn't love a good SpongeBob SquarePants reaction image, you have a whole new game,
the Cosmic Shake. It's a platformer with seven areas, and it's coming next year.
All the original voice actors, uh, will be participating in the game.
Uh, if you love Fist of the North Star, you can now play fitness boxing, or at least you will in
March, which is based on Fist of the North Star. It's basically a rhythm game. Wasn't this a game
already? Like, it was back when we did Bamani games.
I'm thinking of the Punch Mania version.
Is it, but was it Fist of the North Star related? The Punch-
No, but-
No, there was one that was Fist of the North Star.
Yes, because didn't we play it at Arcade Infinity once? Because when I saw this, I was like,
wasn't this at Arcade Infinity, like, years ago? Like, I swear this was a thing.
Okay, thank you in chat. Uh, Dartesia says, uh, Hokuto no Ken Punch Mania.
Hokuto no Ken.
Yeah, so-
Which is Fist of the North Star.
That's it. So I, okay, so this is kind of something we've seen before, but it's kind of
neat. Who thought you'd ever see this come back, right? So we're getting a lot of, like,
interesting Japanese revival.
It is a deep cut.
It is a deep cut. This is a B side, but it's cool that it's getting the A treatment.
Then we had some farming simulators, starting with Oddballers. Oh no, I'm sorry, Oddballers.
No, that's a-
My bad. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Oddballers is multiplayer dodgeball. My list is off here.
Uh, that is coming out early next year.
Tunic is coming out on September 22nd. We already knew that game was coming,
we got a date for it though.
Front Mission 1 and 2. If you're a fan of these, uh, tactical games, uh, that is gonna be coming
out in 2023, and there'll be a third game in the series coming out eventually as well.
Now, Story of Seasons, A Wonderful Life, there you go.
Uh, there's your farming sim, uh, because don't you love farming sims?
Don't you want to play Feh Farm? Don't you want to play that as well?
Uh, Octopath Traveler 2. It's coming. It's a thing. It's happening. Eight new,
uh, travelers in this game. Uh, it's going to be, uh, taking place in a similar kind of
industrial time as the first game. Uh, so yeah, this will be, uh, interesting. It's gonna have
a time mechanic, which will mean you have different abilities between daytime and nighttime.
Uh, and this time, instead of the completely separate stories, traveler stories will intersect
earlier on in the game. February 24th, 2023 is when that's coming out.
Honestly, the biggest news for me, uh, and, uh, for anyone with taste, quite frankly,
Theatrhythm, final bar line is coming out. Yay. They are finally doing Theatrhythm on the Switch.
They're also doing it on PlayStation 4 and 5. It just wasn't a part of the direct,
but this makes me very happy. 385 songs from the Final Fantasy series,
and if that's not enough, how about 90 download songs? And if that's not enough, how about 27
additional songs in the digital deluxe edition? Pretty much, if it is a Square Enix song,
outside of Kingdom Hearts, because you have to play Melody of Mediocrity if you want to play the,
um, Kingdom Hearts songs. I think that's what it was called. At least in my head,
that's what it was called. Um, if you want to play the Kingdom Hearts songs, you got to go over
there. But, like, there's Nier songs in this, Chrono Trigger. I mean, am I going to drop $100
on the digital collector's edition of this? Honestly, probably. Sorry, not sorry, but,
again, we had this discussion earlier in the show. Am I a fanboy for Final Fantasy games? Yes.
Am I going to drop $100 for, like, 500 different songs across Squares?
You can't say that you're not getting your money's worth with 500 songs. Like,
if I said, oh, hey, I'm going to buy a DDR game with 500 songs in it, you'd be like,
damn, that's a good value. Exactly. Exactly. So, I'm excited. I'll be buying it, and I look forward
to playing with Bobby Blackwolf online, and many of you as well. Uh, Mario and Rabbids,
Sparks of Hope. We knew that there was a new Mario and Rabbids game. Now we know it's coming
on October 20th. Uh, Rune Factory 3 Special. If you were a fan of Rune Factory 3 on the DS,
you can have a special time on the Nintendo Switch in 2023.
Some new games announced for the Nintendo 64 and Nintendo Switch online. We will be seeing later
this year, Pilotwings 64 and Mario Party 1 and 2. And then in 2023, Mario Party 3, Pokemon Stadium
1 and 2, 1080 Snowboarding, and Excitebike 64. Oh, and one game that we never thought we would see
added to the service, because licensing is a bitch, but they got it worked out,
Goldeneye 007. That's right. The Nintendo 64 Classic Goldeneye is also coming out.
Now, what was interesting about this, even though they weren't having it direct at the same time,
Microsoft, you know, because of the rare connection, at the exact same time announced,
they are also getting a remastered version of the original Goldeneye on their platform. However,
it will not have online play. This version will because it's already baked into the emulator that
Nintendo put out online, but the one on Xbox, they're trying to focus the conversation on couch
co-op and all this stuff. Regardless, any way you slice it, this game was better in your memory than
it is now. I guarantee it. That game made me so sick I passed out. I'm serious.
And here's the other thing about it that maybe plays into this a little bit. Bobby brought up
a great point on his show. The standard for controlling first-person games now that Halo and
those games have established, this game did not control the same way. So to try to go back and
play a game like this after you've played the Halos, the Dooms, the other first-person games
of the world, it's not easy to go back and play Goldeneye. So again, I just want to remind you all
this game is better in your memory than it is now, but you know what? I bet you're excited anyway.
Go off, have fun, enjoy this game for the 15 minutes you'll play it before you move on to
something else once it comes out of the Nintendo 64 emulator. But if you're able to recreate that
magic of 1998 in your living room, you know what? Go off, have fun. So by the way, they already
redid Goldeneye on the Nintendo Wii in 2010. Do you remember that? But I think they had to take
out Pierce Brosnan's face and they may have replaced it with Daniel Craig. That was a whole
thing that they did. But does anyone remember they've already did and it didn't sell quite
because again, Goldeneye is better.
Well, that was Goldeneye Reloaded and it was awful because Activision did it and Activision
like half-assed it. So, you know.
We all know that the Goldeneye game was Brosnan's best role as Bond.
More games for the Nintendo Direct. Various Daylife, a new RPG for the Switch on from
Square Enix, and it's out now. I believe this was already out on mobile devices,
so it's not exactly new.
It's funny. Various Daylife sounds like it would be like a subreddit or something with
random pictures of people or something.
It was an Apple Arcade.
That's okay. That's why I thought it was a mobile title first. Actually, funny enough, you do chores.
I didn't get into it. I didn't really like it.
Yeah. You do chores in exchange for job classes. It almost sounds like, what was that level five
game? Actually, that game was super underrated though. It was like something life. Somebody
will know what I'm talking about in chat. It was a really underground favorite.
I think it was the 3DS or the regular DS, and it was a level five game and it never got a sequel.
Fantasy Life. Thank you. That's what it was.
That was the game I was trying to think of.
Factorio is coming out for Switch on October 28th.
IB is a 2D pixel art horror game coming out in the spring of 2023.
Mario Strikers Battle League. It's a new update for the already released Mario Strikers,
and Pauline and Diddy Kong are joining the roster. You can check that out later this month.
Atelier Ryza 3 is coming out as well, because it is Tokyo Game Show,
so why not have some Japanese RPGs? That'll be out on February 24th, 2023.
A reminder that there are Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Booster Course passes coming.
Merry Mountain and Peach Gardens from DS will be available this holiday,
so that is on its way out. Nintendo Switch Sports is getting golf,
because we knew they were going to be adding games to that.
Nintendo did a whole spotlight on Pikmin Bloom, which that game's been out, so well,
I know why they did a spotlight, because they need more people to be playing it.
And to be fair, they've made a lot of changes to that game from the first year,
and while I didn't love all the changes, I would say, especially the fact that you can now finally,
this change just went in a week ago, you can buy expansions and things like that with coins,
instead of having to pay the $2.99 to expand that type of stuff. You can now use the free to play
coins, although they're slow to get, but you can get them, to pay for that stuff. So that's a huge
quality of life change that they made that's a good thing right there. But anyway, they just,
they need more people playing the game. That's why they did a spotlight on it.
I'm surprised that they didn't walk back any pre-COVID changes or COVID changes that they had.
They didn't really make COVID changes to Pikmin Bloom.
Oh, they didn't. Well, how nice for Niantic to not do it for that game.
Yeah, right. All right. But that all led into a Pikmin 4 announcement. And that's
really all we know. We didn't get a screenshot or nothing. Pikmin 4 is coming.
No, I thought we got, oh no, that's right. It wasn't Pikmin. I thought we had like screenshots.
Oh, I thought it was like a concept thing. I didn't think it was like an actual screenshot.
I mean, okay. So maybe we did get a screenshot.
No, they have like some like test footage or whatever they're talking about. Like you're
going to be able to play the game from like the Pikmin perspective or something like that.
But at the same time, why are we getting another Pikmin game? F-Zero. F-Zero. We've already had,
like, we've already had two Pikmin games now in the time that we haven't had F-Zero.
And that is a crime. That is a hate crime. I will be writing my congresspeople tomorrow.
Just Dance 2023. Hello. You knew this game was coming because it's coming everywhere else.
November 22nd is the day. Harvest Ella because you love your farming games. There's a new demo
on the eShop that just came out if you want to check it out. And you can get the full game on
November 4th. You knew we were going to see Bayonetta 3. So it was nice to get a new peak
at that. And October 28th, again, is the day for that. Raincode Master Detective Archives. That is
Danganronpa. The people that made that game are making this game.
Like Jynsoft.
Yeah. So they are making this. So I'm sure some people will be checking it out based on that
alone. If you want to play Resident Evil, either Village or Biohazard, the seventh game, or the
two or three remakes, if you want to play those on the Switch, guess what? You can. But guess what?
They're cloud versions. So you have to have a constant internet connection for it to work.
But hey, you know what? Some people, they want to have it on their portable device,
even though they can't leave their house. But OK. It's going to be coming.
Sifu, a kung fu game coming out November 8th. Crisis Core, Final Fantasy VII Reunion.
I'm surprised this was in the Nintendo Direct and not in the PlayStation thing, but OK. December
13th is the day this is coming out. Radiant Silver Gun. That was kind of random and cool to hear.
That is out on the Switch right now. It was a It's Out Today port announcement.
I'm going to go get it now.
I thought you might have already picked it up.
Well, I haven't switched my Switch in a while.
Sorry, I know there's a lot of games. I'm almost done. Endless Dungeon. It takes place in an
abandoned space station. It's a procedurally generated roguelike for four players that's
coming out next year. Tales of Symphonia is getting a remaster. So if you're a Tales of
Fan, you can check that out. Life is Strange. The Arcadia Bay collection is coming to the Switch.
So this is, you know, some of the earlier Life is Strange games all repackaged. Lego Brick Tales.
You know, it's coming out everywhere. And of course, it's coming out on the Switch as well.
Romancing Saga. The minstrel song remastered. That is coming out on December 1st.
Disney Speedstorm. This game looks particularly interesting after the, you know, somewhat success
of the Disney Dreamlight Valley. This game is coming out on the Switch as well later this year.
The second season of Fall Guys already started. It started on September 15th.
The Return to Dreamland Deluxe. Kirby's Return to Dreamland Deluxe. It's a remake of the
2011 Wii game. And this will be out on February 24th, 2023. All right. And then the big finale,
the big climax. Breath of the Wild 2 has a real name now. It is The Legend of Zelda,
Tears of the Kingdom, which some people have pointed out may have been the reason that the
Direct was delayed in Europe because of the passing of the Queen, the Tears of the Kingdom.
I don't know if there is any fact in that, but it is awfully interesting. But anyhow,
the game is officially called The Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom. That is the
sequel to Breath of the Wild. There was just a little peek because originally when it first
started playing, I was like, are they doing like a Skyward Sword thing? I was like, oh no,
it's Breath of the Wild. It's just got the Skyward, you know, all that in it. But we know
that's going to be in there with a glider and all that stuff. Also, we got a date May 12th,
2023. So the long, long, long wait for Breath of the Wild 2 or now as we know it Tears of the
Kingdom is almost over. So some thoughts in chat. Dark Tetsuya says, Yeah, that's what I was
thinking. Maybe a bit too close to home. Oh, interesting. Dark Tetsuya says radiant silver
apparently got pulled. The rating got changed. I don't know if it's back up yet.
That's interesting. So I didn't find it. That might be why it's not there yet. So you might
have to check again in a couple of days. That's interesting. I wonder what happened there. That's
a yikes. So yeah. Well, I'm sure it's coming back. But yeah, that is really random. So
and what would have changed about the rating? It's not like the game
had an excessive amount. I guess. All right. Anyway, let's move on. More and more stuff out
of Tokyo Game Show, I guess. And even though things leak, sometimes it doesn't stop the
news from coming and having the officialness behind it. But Dark Soccer, what do you got?
So I have, well, number one, I have been a big Street Fighter fan for a very long time,
and they have leaked the full roster, the launch day roster for Street Fighter 6. And that's more
than what they just have on their character page on the website. So the leaked list starts with
Aki or AKI, Akuma or Goki, Blanca, Kami, DJ, Dhalsim, Honda, Ed, JP, Judy, Ken, Kimberly.
Kimberly is cool. Okay, she's supposed to like, be like, I guess, guys version of Sakura.
Oh, neat.
Bushin Ryu fangirl. There's Lily, Marisa, Mimi, Rashid, and Zangief. And they've already
shown gameplay of Kami wearing her classic costumes. So the theory is that the classic
costumes are going to be in there. I'm going to our chat for some reactions,
because people have opinions on Street Fighter 6. I do too. I think it looks great.
Um, apart from how it looks, though, the control on it is it's kind of a weird fight system.
Interesting. I think a lot of the classic players aren't really going to care for it.
But I don't know. I don't know. It's just it's very simplified.
It's piquing my interest in a way five never did. So I'm curious.
I still think that Street Fighter 4 was up there with probably the pinnacle next to Alpha 2.
Oh, I love 4. 4 is yeah, I love 4. Going to chat twitch.tv slash vog network. Mike Deff says
Street Fighter 6 looks so good like leagues better than Street Fighter 5 did at launch. Yeah,
hard agree on that to be honest. Like all the color splashes,
though. I think that that that just is too overwhelming. But but yeah, and and dark test,
like dark Tetsuya said there is a closed beta. I've been lined up for it for a little bit.
Um, but it's gonna it lists the systems that will be available. So that's PS5, Xbox and Steam.
Sorry, Nintendo Switch fans, but it just can't unless they do a cloud version,
it probably just can't run six as well as the others can. All right. Well, let's move on.
Loki. Yeah, so apparently, the Sims 4 is going to be going free to play.
Which makes sense because they have so many expansions for it, they'd probably want to have
the base game available for free. So people can get hooked and buy all the expansions.
So that is going to be the case. It says Sims 4 will be free to download
across PC, Mac and consoles, October 18.
I love what Jason said in tonight's intro about this. He said it so well. He said,
EA has finally discovered the shareware system of the 1990s. And that it worked
that they give you the base for free. And then, like, you know, $1,000. There's a ton of DLC,
this game. There is so much and my son was addicted to he's not addicted to but he likes
playing the game. So he does spend like his steam money usually is going to
buying expansions for this game. Like he has a ton of the Sims 4 expansions. So it's
it's funny. And I've said this on the show before is I really think Dead by Daylight ought to do
the same thing. But if you think about it, like, they kind of keep giving away based dead by
daylight a lot, like whether it's you know, an epic game store giveaway or in Microsoft game pass,
you know, depending on if you consider that free or not. I think it was a Sony games. I almost
said games with gold. That's not what they call it. PlayStation Plus, I think I think I have an
epic. Yeah, it was when it launched an epic store. They gave it away for free that week. So like,
Dead by Daylight is one of those games where I also think they ought to just give away the
base game for free because you know, they're making their money off battle passes and DLC.
But they kind of think it's it's pretty easy to get for free if you just pay attention,
you know, and follow, you know, those discount Twitters and stuff.
By the way, about Sims 4, I still have a lot of my mods from the Sims resource.
If your son wants them.
Well, I was actually kind of curious on your take Dark Sakura because you know,
some of the longtime listeners of the program remember you being quite the Sims fan,
as Joan Hunter-Matton chat says, I remember the early years of the show about Jamie modding the
hell out of Sims. So I'm kind of curious, is this something I mean, is have you just kind of
kind of gone past this franchise or?
I got bored and I got tired of paying for different things.
I'll be honest, I mean, I never really actually played the game, I would just build houses
and make them as funky as I could. And then I would be bored.
Yeah.
I it was all just like the building element for me, you know, designing doing my character creation
and my old PC would be like, how many more mods are you going to stuff in this game before I die?
And there's there's.
Oh, watch.
There's nothing wrong with deciding that, oh, OK, I'm kind of done with this game series for now.
I'm into this thing now. You know, friendship ended with Sims. Now Dead by Daylight is my
new best friend. It's just it's OK.
I would go back to like I went to Sims for a bit after it came out
and like I would make different Sims for people, you know, and I don't know, I just I got meh.
Yeah.
And like then I was like my other thing I would do in that game was like, look for real buildings
and try to recreate them, like, you know, like carriage houses, because I used to have this
dream that I would live in a carriage house. And so I made it in the Sims and then I make like
underground labyrinthine, you know, secret laboratories and shit and torture dungeons.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
Alas.
I'm going to go ahead and move on to the next story because we are running a little long tonight,
so I'm going to do this one quickly because Loki kind of already talked about it,
but that's OK. I just want to mention quickly that they did confirm that Like a Dragon Eight
is coming out, and this is essentially for all intents and purposes Yakuza eight.
Let me talk about the difference in a moment. I'm sure some of you are already typing it in chat.
I will mention it in a moment. RGG Studio did a special presentation as part of Tokyo Game Show,
and they put out a teaser trailer and they did confirm the sequel is coming in 2024
on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Kazuma Kiryu and Ichiban Kasuga are both in a dual protagonist
role in this game, with Kazuma supporting a Silver Fox hairstyle that will be explained in
the storyline as part of it. They referred to the game as an RPG, but outside of that, we don't know,
you know, specifically the gameplay style. They are saying it is the largest scale Yakuza or Like
a Dragon title to date. It will be available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, so it is scale downable
for whatever that is worth. Also during the showcase, they did announce Like a Dragon
Isshin and Like a Dragon Gaiden, the man who erased his name. Both those games are coming
as well. So why is this Like a Dragon eight and not Yakuza eight? Well, it's basically because
Yakuza Like a Dragon was kind of like, ironically, also the seventh game in the series was kind of
like Resident Evil Biohazard. Like a Dragon is sort of what the series has been called in Japan
for years, not literally, but that's roughly what it translates to. But when they released the games
over here in the States, they gave it a new name to kind of fit in with a lot of the competing games
that were coming out at the time. They wanted it to have like the whole Japanese crime drama stuff,
so they called it Yakuza. And so that all happened that way. But now with Like a Dragon eight,
they are going to bring it in parody, basically. And so now, and I think this probably is going to
have to do with the style of the game changing as well. If they're talking about the RPG and
everything I had heard before, I thought they were going to keep the Like a Dragon seven stuff in it.
I hope they do because I far prefer that to the fighting game style of the earlier games. But
that's it. Yep, they're going to just closely align that with the Japanese name. So I'm very
curious to see more about Like a Dragon eight. And I'm sure people want to know,
am I going to finish Like a Dragon seven? We'll see. We'll see. I'm kind of,
friendship ended with Like a Dragon. Now Assassin's Creed Odyssey is my new best friend.
For now, I'm sure it'll change next week as it always does. All right. Moving on, Dark Sakura.
So, you know, I'm actually still wondering when I'm going to get my Dead by Daylight board game,
but it's not the only video game getting board games. Team Forged Games is doing
an Elden Ring board game. So it'll have miniatures of the game's enemies, the bosses,
Margit the Fel Omen. Sorry. But it will basically let one to four quote,
tarnished players go through their adventures on the board game. And a quote is that it's,
the game, the video games characteristically challenging fights will be recreated by
intelligent dice-free combat, requiring players to strategize and adapt their plans during each
encounter, whether that be a lowly Godric soldier or the Grafted King himself. I don't know what
they mean by dice-free, so maybe it'll use cards, but the Kickstarter. But the Kickstarter page
doesn't even have a date on it. It's just the Elden Ring board game. I'll link it in chat,
but it's just like, hi, we're doing this thing at some point.
Popular video games often get board games, but it's, I mean, that's not to say they're lesser
than or bad. You know, like I have some friends that love the Civ board game. Civilization has
a board game. They love it. So yeah, just pencil. I'd be curious to check out the Dead by Daylight
one when you get yours. I need to follow up on that. I don't know. I haven't heard anything
since I confirmed all my stuff for it. Interesting.
All right. Let's move on to some bummer news, Loki.
Yeah, we have more layoffs. So Fanbyte, which is a Tencent-owned gaming site, I guess,
they have fired staff without warning. And apparently according to a Fanbyte employee,
the layoffs were total shock. And some of those, some that had just been laid off, had been only
given like an hour notice. And also they said that I don't know the total number of employees
that were laid off there, but there were at least several mentioned that had lost their jobs.
It was most of the staff. It sounds like they're keeping people that do the evergreen content,
like strategy guides and stuff like that. And that's probably where they're going to
try to get their hits. But it sounds like the news part of it is, from what I'm gathering,
I have a Twitter buddy who was impacted with this and it's a bummer to hear about.
Yeah. And then was it G4 TV also laid off 20 to 30 staff members as well. Now this doesn't
mean that they're going to be cutting down on content. They're going to still be producing the
same slate of content. It's just, they said this was due to unforeseen, well, I'm sorry,
this was due to their growing, I guess. They said it ebbs and flows something to that.
They're growing so they have to cut back.
Yeah. I don't understand how that works.
The Comcast board isn't making enough money, so we have to get it from somewhere.
I don't know. Like I haven't really been following G4 to be honest. I know that sounds
harsh. I know people that are there too. I'm sorry. Again, it's not a reflection on anyone
or anything personally, but it is one of those things where it's like, I just think
a TV channel like that now, the world in 2022 is not what it was in 2000. What was the merger of
tech TVs, 2006 or something like that? It's not the same world. It's pre-YouTube, pre-Twitch.
Like it's a different world we live in now.
You know, and it was, yeah, it was just back then it was easier to see it because
it was like having an exclusive YouTube channel, a single YouTube channel that basically gave you
your gaming news. And so, yeah, it was super popular because there wasn't really anything
out there like that outside of like gaming magazines. But nowadays with the internet,
anybody out there, there's so many outlets, anybody could give you the gaming news.
G4, isn't G4 also kind of a pain in the ass to watch? Like you have to have the special
Xfinity internet channel box or something to get it. Like I know some content is online,
but it almost feels like it's hard to get a hold of anyway. I don't know. But honestly,
I'm not really looking for it except for some of the viral moments, which actually,
and Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, there are a lot of the internet that blames it on the one
rant the woman made about misogyny in quotes. Well, when you insult your audience, then expect
to get laid off. In the words of the wonderful Gordon Ramsey, oh, fuck off. Like just shut up,
Twitter. You do not know what the fuck you're talking about because number one,
did she get laid off? I don't think so. And number two, that was actually the moment that
made me go, oh, I should be paying attention to this over here. G4 probably needs more viral
moments like that to be quite honest. So armchair critics who can't stand hearing the truth,
if you can't stand hearing the truth,
just don't. Yeah. It's just, it's a hard sell nowadays, especially with cable stuff. Like most
people are cutting cable and even just still like scream, scream into the void of your three actual
followers and your 45 Russia bots. God, like, like I've got like Comcast cable. I don't have their
box obviously. Cause why would I pay extra for their stupid box? Um, so there's like, yeah,
I don't even know how we'd watch their content outside of what I see like on Twitter. Um,
and even then I'm like, not really motivated to watch any of it. Like I used to love G4, but like,
yeah, I used to, that was a long time ago. Now there's other things I like watching.
So it's hard. Zen monkey 11 in chat. Sorry. I just want to Zen monkey 11 and chat says
G4 viewers since relaunch. Uh, they are on Twitch, YouTube, Pluto TV. They're on everything.
You can watch Pluto and watch. They do the shows live on Twitch and YouTube.
Uh, and then tiger class says it's on YouTube TV and Pluto TV has a channel called G4 TV select.
See, but that's like, I have to be honest. Like it sounds like it's completely different on YouTube,
Twitch, maybe those are the same thing, but then we have G4 TV select. So that sounds different
than, than the actual station like that. Like, look, and I'm not, again, I'm not knocking it.
I'm not knocking the fans, but I'm just saying that's a little confusing.
Then G4 TV. Is that like live TV or is that just like replaying the old shows?
It sounds like replaying the old shows, but do I really know? I don't know. Uh,
Bobby black Wolf and chat says my mom's house has it. And I turned it on once attack of the
show was on and it looked like a podcast being recorded. Three people sitting around mics and
laptops. Well, now who would watch that? But to be fair, I think a lot of pandemic stuff
kind of changed that, but grant, I get it's 2022. And you know, a lot of that stuff's about.
Wasn't the show that they had, um, didn't they have a show with, um, Scott Rubin
that was three people around microphones or something like that. Wasn't like the G4 TV.
I don't remember what it was called, but they were all in the same room.
Remember when it was cool to do that?
Oh, it's all remote now still. Right.
I think, well, I don't think there is a G4 TV show anymore.
Bobby black was talking about attack of the show, which was the, essentially the spinoff of, um,
thank you. Screen savers. I was like Leo, the poor tech TV. Yeah. That one,
not, not the other one, which that, that other show that Scott was on with the, um,
the gals that went to go work at Microsoft, uh, that that show has been long gone.
I miss this. I mean, I don't miss the screen savers. Cause I know that, that I think that
still exists or maybe it doesn't exist. They, they had it a new, the new screensavers at one time,
but I don't watch that anymore. But, um, man, I miss the old screen savers though,
that that was some good TV. Uh, Zen monkey 11 says, think of it like big brother.
You have the live feeds with all the cool content like Twitch and YouTube.
And then you have the CBS show Comcast. That's actually actually Zen monkey to give you credit.
That's a great way of putting it. And maybe that's the kind of approach G4 needs to take
and marketing it. So I'm not saying they have to literally compare themselves to big brother,
but maybe, you know, the uncensored stuff is online. I don't know. Or maybe they're doing it.
And I'm just not, I'm too old to be the target marketing demographic. And I've never seen these
ads. I don't know, but I'm just, just thinking this landscape, I'm not going to be surprised
that they fold in three years. Like honestly, like it's hard, you know, like, um, I don't know,
but like, I would not be surprised if that happens because it's just, it's like trying to keep a
gaming magazine up in this day and age. It's just, you can't, you can't compete with it.
And I'm sorry, like, like their, their personalities are great. Like I love,
you know, Adam, um, what was it? Uh, I love Adam. What's his name? Sessler.
Sessler. Yes. Sorry. I had all these other names. I'm like, it's, it's not Sandler. Don't say
Sandler. I know it's not a Sandler. Like I can see his face. Um, yeah. Adam Sussler. Um, you know,
I just, I don't know. Like, like I was fine with it being gone and just like keeping up with him
on Twitter and stuff instead. Like I just don't need it to come back. But like, I mean,
it has its fans, you know, Zen monkey saying it's been around like three years. They're good. People
don't just didn't know cause they weren't on cable. So they need cable in a way at
that part. I disagree with, there are cable is a dying brand. So this is why I would say it's good
that G4 has a presence on places like Pluto TV, streaming things like, like YouTube and Twitch
and so forth. Cable television is about to be a thing of the past. And once 5g is more widely
available, that's going to be the death knell for cable. So that is where G4 is doing the right
thing by being on these other places as well for when cable inevitably dies. It's going to.
So, you know, just wait. All right. Anyhow, we got to move on with the show. Uh, I don't want to,
I don't want to be here all night, but you know, I'm finding here a little bit of the night,
but I want to talk about the sweet code and HD remaster, which came a little bit out of left
field. I don't think people were really expecting this. Uh, Konami put on a show at Tokyo game show.
They talked about a beloved series, uh, worldwide coming back and many people assumed it was going
to be silent Hill. Although I sure didn't, but I did think Konami would say it was something else.
I'd be like, Oh, it's gyrus come in, which I do love gyrus, but I thought that was what they
were going to do is like, Oh, it's like, or Contra or something that they've already tried to relaunch
and relatively recently, I actually think it's pretty cool. They are bringing back sweet code.
And it's not just sweet code. What the whole, they started just talking about sweet code one.
And then it was like, Oh, but it's sweet code and two as well. So it's a sweet code and one and two
HD remaster it's coming out for PlayStation four X-Box one switch and PC in 2023. A lot of people
have aptly noticed. Wow. Right around the time I had in Chronicles is also set to release. Isn't
that interesting? Um, so, you know, we've seen some of the, uh, we've seen a trailer,
we've seen that there's graphical improvements. There's new like lighting cloud, shadow animation,
new character drawings, sound improvements. They're saying game system improvements and
so on and so on. This is all fine and good. I I'm very happy to see sweet code and getting love
because this series has needed love for a long time. It's a real bummer that Konami kind of let
it die off. Like they did just about everything else because Konami sucks. That is also why I'm
concerned is that in all of this announcement and hype and stuff, I didn't see any other logos.
And what that means is I didn't see digital clips and two or any of these other companies who are
using Inti creates or these companies that are kind of used to taking older games and making
them HD. None of that. So this appears to be a Konami in-house production.
Now I'm going to hit, someone hit the lever, this wrong lever show time. Now look,
the Suikoden fans, and there are many out there and they are passionate, are quick to say that
the trailer looks good and I'm sure everything will be fine. Look, I'm rooting for this game.
I really am. Believe me, no one wants to see this game succeed more than me. Okay,
maybe a lot of people want to see this game succeed as much as me, but I really do want
this to be good. However, if I have concerns that the company behind the the notorious game
E-Football is doing this HD remaster, I have every fucking right to be concerned about this
game. The Secret of Mana HD remaster looked really cool at first as well. They did an HD
port of Final Fantasy 6 for mobile devices before the pixel remasters. And do you remember the,
they were bad, but they looked all right in the trailer. So look, I'm just saying I'm going to
need to see some reviews, some serious gameplay. I'm going to need to see a little more about what
this game actually looks like before I really get excited because the fact that Konami is developing
it in-house, yeah, sorry. It's a red flag for me at this point. Especially considering that even
like more polished studios like Rockstar Games, for example, some of the stuff that they've
remastered hasn't turned out well because of the quality of employees that they put in that,
or your companies that they hired to do that. So Christ, I don't know, Konami in-house.
Orange right hit the nail on the fucking head. I can't even believe I didn't think of this one.
The most obvious Konami HD remaster to raise every red flag you own. I was looking forward
to the Silent Hill HD remaster and then it happened. I mean, case point, the prostitution
rests. That's it. Anyway, so yes, I have concerns. I hope I'm wrong. I really do. I hope Konami paid
somebody a lot of money to secretly help them. I really do. They don't have a lot of money to pay
anybody. And that's my concerns. All right. Anyway, let's go back maybe to a simpler time
in our next segment. You know, back in a time like when Konami actually made good games.
So long ago.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
But once a month Dark Sakura says I'm doing a handheld, not a game. So what's the handheld Dark
Sakura? They're games. I mean, yeah. Anyway, we are doing the series, the Tomitronic 3D. They
kind of look like view masters, but longer and more spaceship sort of. And they have a light
panel on top. Well, just like a translucent panel on top that lets light come in and illuminates the
screen. And there were seven games released. There was, and they had different names. So we had
Sky Fighters, also known as Dog Fight and Tandy Sky Duel. We had Thundering Turbo, also known as
Cosmos LeMans Turbo Racer and Thundering Turbos. Sky Attack, AKA Tank Attack. Shark Attack or Jaws
3D. Planet Zeon, AKA Space Laser War, Space Attack. Then Jungle Fighter and Sherman Attack.
The names really varied on their regions. But basically the game was just built right into
the system. It was actually a fairly decent mock-up of 3D the way that they had it set up.
In fact, I think that the one we're looking at right now is one of the turbo ones. And I think
that it looked pretty good for its time. Here's the Tank Attack. I think I have another one of
the variation for the Sky Attack. But I think that the games, for when they came out, it was
as close to actual VR as we were going to get. And it was, in 1983, this was the first dedicated home
3D hardware. So it used twin LCD monitors. And I mean, for 1983, it was something else.
It was something else. And you can see that probably some of the influence of this came from
a lot of the different sci-fi around the time. Like Tron had come out around then.
So, but I don't know. I think it's something that people need to remember that without this,
where would we have our Wipeout and our other games like that.
Yeah, stuff like this was like the shit in the early 80s. It was so cool. If you had one of
these, I don't remember this one particularly, but obviously there are several electronic
handhelds in a similar vein, we'll say, from in the 80s. And even now I'm looking at the ones that
have the Tron aesthetic to it that you were just talking about, we were just seeing in the video.
And I'm like, that game looks cool. I would have been the coolest kid in school if I had
that in the 80s and brought that to school. It really does give you the sense of depth
and motion, even though it's, and the light is all coming from outside, just linking on the
screen. I was reading that people would come and put their hands over it and then you couldn't see
the game. But I mean, there it is, the Tommytronic 3D from 1983. And I made the video myself,
you're welcome. There you go. So for those watching on Twitch tonight with the video,
or if you're in the archives, which are subscribers, it is September after all,
so I should give a shout out for our subscribers over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork. You can go
back and watch an old episode anytime if you want. If you want to see the video or what have you,
that's available as a bonus to subscribers in our archive. And Amazon Twitch is currently having a
sale on subscriptions for September. So now is as good of a time as any to get on that.
And if you're an Amazon Prime subscriber, you already get one free subscription a month. So
if you're not already using that to help your favorite indie creator, why don't you consider
using it over at Vognetwork? For the record, I remember hearing of someone who took a little
flashlight and taped it on top of their thing so they could play at night under the covers.
Oh, the systems we had when we were kids to play things. Same thing with the original Game Boy.
It's like remember, remember the original Game Boy did not have any type of backlight or anything
like that. But they actually sold like those screen magnifiers with a shitty little light
that you could like clip onto the top of the DS. And all it did was make glare. I used to just
sneak into the bathroom and play at night. That's great. Or the snake light says orange,
right? Oh, yeah. God, those are terrible. But we did what we did what we had to do.
Well, you know, my my GBA had we finally put the afterburner in it.
Because mine was the clear pink one, which I just got for, you know, being a little, you know,
ironic. It made my whole system glow. I love those Game Boy advances with the afterburners in them
looked so good. So good. Yeah. Yeah, I think that Tim did all of our our friend Tim did all of our
upgrades for our GBAs. I had a different friend who I haven't talked to in a very,
very long time. Unfortunately, he used to hang out in the earlier days, OLR. But just, you know,
if we grew apart or whatever, who did mine? I think it was like a birthday present at one point.
So, yeah. All right. Anyhow, let's travel around and check out some other news going on in the
industry. Some rapid fire news. Loki will start with the US. I'm sorry, not my eyes were on world
release dates. We can start with some news from the US too, though, if you want. I don't know
where this news is from. But once you get to it,
well, it's it's gonna be or not. I mean, so in this case, I guess it's sort of from the US
because it's about the Xbox Game Pass. So Deathloop it's been almost a year now. You know
what that means? Exclusive contract is up with Sony. So now it's coming to Xbox Game Pass on
September 20th. And it's also going to have a new content update called Golden Loop, which comes out
the same day, adding new abilities and extended ending and secrets. And also, Deathloop will be
getting added to PlayStation Plus Extra as well. Yeah, so that's cool. I'll have to check it out
when it comes out. And then this is kind of funny. I actually saw a clip of this on Twitter.
It's Rose and Camellia. It is a game about slapping, or it's ladies slapping each other.
And it's Japanese only. With gloves. Well, some of them have gloves. I think most of them have
gloves. Gloves slap, baby gloves slap. Anyone? Remember when the Simpsons was good? Anyone?
All right. So it was a game. It's been out for a long time. I think
it's been, it's a Japanese game. So it is only coming out on the Switch there,
but it's hilarious because you use the Switch Joy-Cons to actually do the motion control for
the slap, which is hilarious. That's why I wanted to mention it. All right.
Dark Sakura, please don't slap me with a glove while you do your rapid fire story.
Well, there is a Gran Turismo movie with David Harbour being produced and Orlando
Bloom has joined the cast. So that's really it. Although he's also, his character is going to be
a marketing executive who loves motor sports and Harbour is playing a retired driver who teaches
a young person to be a race car driver. I also have another little thing real quick.
Yeah, sure. Someone put out a mod for Mass Effect 2 called the Nos Astra
a Nos Astra mineral exchange that lets you actually have a stock market for your mined goods
created by Team Pyjak and Bekatoria. It's on Nexus.
All right. It's for the legendary edition.
All right. All right. Well, I don't know why I'm talking about this in rapid fire news,
because this is right up your alley, Dark Sakura. I'm sorry. This thing has your name
all over it. Oh, I've already known about it and linked it to Dan.
So for everybody else, here's what I'm talking about. It is yet another
console mini coming out, but what obscure shit are they going to do next?
Obscure here. Yes, obscure here. Key point. But in Japan, after all, it is Tokyo Game Show week,
they have announced that the X68000 is going to be getting a mini. It's the X68000Z. It's about
two-fifths the scale of the original machine. And this is a machine-
This is a Suzuki.
Yeah. And it never came out here in the States, as we've referenced before. And not only is there
the small model there, you can even get a mouse and keyboard for it. Yeah, exactly. This is a
system that came out in Japan in March of 1987. This was the home of some arcade perfect ports
like Parodius, Final Fight, Ghouls and Ghosts, Castlevania Chronicles. This was the original
platform for that. There was a remake of Castlevania on the NES with updated visuals.
They did put it on the PlayStation later, but still, it was really cool that this is out there.
So yeah, this is awesome. Again, for the US, extremely niche thing, but for those in the know,
very cool. Very cool.
And it looks like it's coming out on the 8th.
Yeah, it's coming out really soon, all things considered.
Yeah.
I like how it has a clarion handle.
Oh, because the original did.
Yeah. This is awesome.
I need-
I know. I kind of want it too, even though I wish-
We need someone to order it for us.
We need a collective sugar daddy or mommy or person.
I'm trying to see how much it's going to be because I don't know that it's going to be
super... Okay, there we go.
Well, it would depend if you get the keyboard, mouse and all the bells and whistles.
I'm looking at the limited edition to see what the price isn't anywhere on the blog.
I don't think that's a mouse. I think that's a trackball.
It is.
Oh, my bad.
Sorry, they used the mouse emoji and that's what it translated to, so that's what I read. Sorry,
but yeah.
It looks like a trackball.
Yeah, it's a really oddly shaped mouse.
Yeah.
The price isn't on here. Hold on. Let me look at the tweet real quick.
Well, let me just read some comments over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
Dark Tetsuya says, this is cool. I want one. Fingers crossed-
That's the announcement date, by the way.
Fingers crossed the version of Castlevania comes with it.
Orange-
Just from the tweet, it says, details will be announced on 10.8 and reservations will
start on the same day.
Oh, okay. So that's just the... That's an announcement of an announcement. All right.
Orange Right says, I saw this on Retro Pals, had a lot of great Capcom arcade ports,
among other things.
DJ Rama S says, River City Ransom was on it too. Yeah, so what a fitting tribute.
Yeah.
The Nikketsu Downtown fight.
Yeah, the original name, of course. All right, let's move on. And now we can do some world
release dates. And now we'll start with the US Loki.
Yeah, so very exciting week. We're starting off with Return to Monkey Island on PC and
Nintendo Switch. I will definitely be picking that up. There is no light on PC.
There are four lights.
Nevermind.
Stop it with your Star Trek references.
I got it.
Amnesia Memories-
Thank you, I love nerds.
And Amnesia Later Cross Crowd on Nintendo Switch.
Construction Simulator on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Hard Space Shipbreaker on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Uh, Jack Move on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Solstice on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Gundam Evolution on PC.
The Outbound Ghost on PC.
Beacon Pines on PC, Nintendo Switch and Xbox One.
Bullet Soul Double Pack on Nintendo Switch.
The Diofield Chronicle on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox
Series.
I think I'll throw the Japanese title in there.
Let's see.
Juuzou Engi, Engetsu Sengokuuden 1 and 2 on Nintendo Switch.
My Teen Romantic Comedy Snafu Game Collection on Nintendo Switch.
I think that's actually the same game.
I don't know why they have the Japanese title in there as well.
No Place for Bravery on PC and Nintendo Switch.
One Shot World Machine Edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Pio Fiore, Episodio 1926 on Nintendo Switch.
Potion Permit on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Serial Cleaners on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Session, Skate Sim, that one actually looks pretty cool.
That's on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
That is like a skate game, skateboarding game.
We've got Volus, The Phantasm Soldier Collection 2 on Nintendo Switch.
Whatever.
Dreamworks, Dragons, Legends of the Nine Realms on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series and Stadia.
Shovel Knight Dig on PC, Nintendo Switch and iOS.
And last but not least, Taeko no Tatsujin Rhythm Festival on Nintendo Switch.
All right, well, heading over to Japan, some similar stuff to what Loki had just mentioned
there, because in Japan, Taeko no Tatsujin Rhythm Festival is coming out on the Switch,
much to a Mike Deff's delight, although I don't know if he imports those things.
The Dial Field Chronicle is out.
It's an English release, but it is available on the Switch in Japan, a local release.
Valise, The Phantasm Soldier Collection 2, also out on the Switch.
Loki already mentioned it, but that Jayuzenge and Getsusangokuden 1 and 2 is out in a regular
and limited edition on the Switch this week in Japan.
No Place for Bravery.
It's not translated, but it is still being released in Japan this week as well as Potion
Permit and Valise, The Phantasm Soldier Collection 2.
Why is this listed twice?
Oh, because there's a regular limited edition.
That was the limited edition.
My bad.
Let's see.
Going over to the PlayStation 5, and we have the Dial Field Chronicle is out there on the
PlayStation 5 as well, and Necromunda Hired Gun, again, it's in English, but it is getting
an official release in Japan on the 22nd of September, along with Potion Permit also
on the PlayStation 5.
So there you go.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
So, of course, a handful.
On the 20th, we have Stray for PlayStation, Thuls Deluxe Edition.
They misspelled edition, I think, for PlayStation and Xbox.
And for the same, we also have Construction Simulator.
On the 22nd, for the three consoles, we have the Dial Field Chronicle, PlayStation and
Xbox, we have Sessions Skate Sim.
For the three, Potion Permit, which is actually, I was, it's on Steam right now.
On the 23rd, we have Tea Time Golf on Switch.
And then for the three, we have Dragons Legends of the Nine Realms.
All right.
We just have a few more stories for you, and then we'll open up the listener roundtable
via our mailbag, which is participate at orangeontrader.com, as well as our Twitter
at O-L-R, and even some phone calls.
You can join our Discord server and continue the conversation throughout the week over,
excuse me, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
That's what I get for drinking coke during the show.
All right, let's move on with a few more stories.
Loki.
Yes, so I hate to tell you this, all you Babylon's Fall fans out there, but they're
shutting the game down.
So the servers are gonna be shut off February 2023.
Apparently, the game was not all that popular.
And it says, today we've revealed new information about version 1.0 and the future of Babylon
development.
After the service ends Monday, February 27th, 2023, 11pm Pacific time, you'll no longer
be able to play the game.
All gameplay data on the game servers will be deleted following the termination of the
service.
It was a $60 game.
It lasted less than a year.
Live services, the future of gaming.
But up, up, up, up, up.
I was gonna say, what went wrong with Babylon's Fall?
But honestly, I never played it.
I couldn't tell you.
I think I've never heard of it.
I think this was the game that recycled some of the Final Fantasy 14 assets.
It sure did.
But I don't think that's that big of a deal.
Like, it just sounds like the game was a very obvious sort of games as a service kind of
thing.
And I think, I don't know.
I think gamers have just had their fill of a lot of these, and it's probably hard to
shove an original IP out there with this at this point.
But we'll see.
All right, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
So there already is a little bit of controversy around the multiverses game.
Velma, her power is being changed in the game because she has the ability to call the police.
And since there are black characters in the game, it has definitely, especially in light
of, you know, past white women calling the police for people, you know, doing a barbecue
in a public park, for example.
You know, birds, watering flowers.
She has been referred to as a Karen in the game.
And so the response is that they're going to change her power from being like a big
snitch and Karen to, you know, actually doing something different.
And they say that her abilities changed Thursday.
Instead of calling the police, Velma now solves the mystery and calls the mystery ink gang
and mystery machine to take the bad guys away.
They just replaced the cop car with the mystery machine car.
But it still reads a lot better than it did before.
Well, to keep going back out, Warner Brothers Interactive said that it was welcomed by some
players that, you know, and in fact, one person on Twitter, I'm going to read the quote because
it's apt, Velma got updated to multiverses and now she doesn't call the cops, which good
they shouldn't have gotten there to begin with.
She calls the mystery machine now, which just makes more sense.
Um, and people are saying that they like how responsive the developers are being, but not
everyone really likes it.
Another person says, I'm sick of the whole Velma is a Karen narrative that has come out
of multiverses.
Velma actually does her research and collects evidence before calling the cops on her opponents.
She's clearly not a Karen.
Honestly, though, they're missing the point that she is calling the police on, you know,
black characters in the game.
I mean, it's every character in the game, but it's specific that she, you know, that
there is a definite societal connotation there that isn't the type of message we should be
sending out there.
There's this thing called optics and reading the room and the room was red and yeah.
And that doesn't, they don't, it just shouldn't have been there.
Yeah.
It's the, the only, the only criticism I have about this, I just have one minor, I don't,
I don't care that they, well, actually I think it's good that they replaced the, uh, uh,
cop car with the mystery machine.
My one complaint is that when the mystery machine opens up to put the play or the other
player in there, a cloud of smoke should be coming out of the car.
That's my only complaint, uh, is that they miss that opportunity with the mystery machine.
It is a level of realism.
That's just the person in there and hot box them.
They don't care about doing it anymore.
Exactly.
That's my complaint.
Otherwise, yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
Just a few more stories for you and then we'll get to the listener round table.
Loki.
All right.
I mean, I am really not surprised when it comes to this company, but Ubisoft is going
to be adapting or adopting a $70 price tag model for their major releases because they
feel that these games on PlayStation four as well from PlayStation five and Xbox series X.
So I don't think it mentioned anything about PlayStation four.
I don't even know if these games are coming out on PlayStation four.
Um, but yeah, not excited about it, especially when you have these companies that put out
games, you know, that this price point and the games are still unpolished.
You know, I'm, I don't know.
I don't think it's worth it, but you know what?
You have to look at your wallet and see if it's worth it.
Here's a great new technique when it comes to these games.
You just wait two years and then they go on Xbox game pass and then you don't pay anything.
Well, I mean, you're paying your game pass.
I don't pay anything more, but honestly, if you know how to work that Microsoft rewards
program, which I I've kind of fallen off the map from doing, I was a lot better at it before.
I was, I was getting a lot of my months of game pass comped by just like, you know,
doing all the surveys and all that crap.
So I honestly, you probably could work the system and get it for free if you actually
are willing to do that.
Um, I would say with minimal effort, you could probably get every third month comped, uh,
with fairly minimal effort, as long as you check in that app once in a while.
But yeah, there was this additional money going to, uh, fund the people that will be
looking into ease, come on for all the, uh, propagating of bad culture at the company
and all the sexual harassment.
Is any of that money going to that?
Uh, sadly, I don't think it is, uh, but that's a very fair call out that you, uh, bring up
there.
So, I mean, I feel that, you know, a company with those kinds of quality standards, uh,
within the company certainly is worth an extra $10.
I mean, clearly they've, they've addressed all the issues.
Yes.
I'll pay an extra $10 for your game when you fire ease, come on.
That's, that's the $10 decision that needs to be made.
Yes.
I realize shareholders and that's probably not really going to happen.
It needs to.
All right.
Anyway, meantime, I'll tell you what you can spend your money on.
If you want to do a value in gaming, I'll tell you what.
Whoever has the rights to Garfield boy.
Oh boy.
The people that come up with these Garfield games, they could not come up with an original
idea to, to, to save their life.
Let me tell you, if somebody had a gun to their head and said, Hey, Garfield people,
you need to come up with original idea.
Well, guess what?
This week it was announced Garfield lasagna party is coming out bang because it's just
a rip off of Mario party basically.
And that's what's coming out.
But it's coming out on PlayStation five, all the Xbox consoles, of course, PS four,
Xbox one, switch and PC.
It's launching in November.
That's right.
You can play party games with Garfield, Odie, Arlene, Nirmal.
I don't know if the rest of the U S acres characters are there.
I wonder if, if Greg is doing any of the voices, if they bring in like the U S acres characters.
Yeah, no idea.
And I don't, I only see those four.
They just say, play us one of the four iconic characters from Jim Davis's iconic comics.
So they don't say anything about the, um, the other characters.
So we'll see, uh, maybe there'll be DLC, uh, uh, dynamic party game filled with crazy
and tasty mini games.
You can tell this is just a copy paste and press release, uh, pizza square, slicing
challenge, snowballs, throwing competition, obstacle race, and more.
I'm sure this game is going to be unique and never before seen and just groundbreaking.
Anyway, there you go.
Lasagna party.
Uh, I agree with Zen monkey and chat who says we need Heathcliff games.
Yes.
Yes, we do.
Heathcliff in the, uh, that Nintendo all star brawl thing, or is it just Garfield?
Nintendo all star brawl.
Yeah.
I thought they had like a Nintendo one with all the Nicktoons stuff.
Oh, then it's the Nickelodeon.
Also.
No, I think just Garfield's in that.
I'm sorry.
I was thinking Nickelodeon brothers.
What?
No, no, no.
I was thinking Nickelodeon for some reason said Nintendo, but, um, yeah.
In the Nickelodeon game, that's where they should throw it on.
They could have a throw it on between Garfield and Heathcliff.
Uh, tiger class says we need eek the cat.
I could sign up for that.
Oh my God.
Eek the cat.
I just, I want some more like old school Nickelodeon fucking base.
And I'm talking, they need to go even deeper for us forties.
They need to go even deeper on set.
Like we need some, we need, we need more Canadian television that they repackaged on
Nickelodeon for the America.
I'm talking today special.
I'm talking pinwheel special.
You can't do that on television.
Let's get some Mr.
Wizard up in there.
I want, I want moose as a playable character in the Nickelodeon game and, and, uh, Lisa
ruddy.
I want, um, fucking Eureka's castle, Turkey television, duckula, duckula.
I want it all 1990s tomorrow.
People got a danger mouse.
Christ, y'all are on a roll.
That's, that's the Nickelodeon all stars game we deserve.
Like, is there a code I can put in on the menu to unlock danger mouse?
Is that a thing I can do?
Welcome freshman.
Oh my God.
Like your, your talent should be penfold.
What did they, there was this Canadian soap opera and Ryan Reynolds, I think was on it.
That's how, I think they called it 15 here.
Oh yeah.
But it was just, again, all those Nickelodeon shows were like repackaged Canadian shows.
Like, but then they like stuff like, like you can't do that on television.
Those people were more popular here than they were in Canada.
This is funny how that stuff works out.
So anyway, all right.
Zen monkey 11 and chat says, yeah, it was called 15.
I hated that show.
What did they call then MTV?
It wasn't a Canadian show at this point, but MTV did a dramatic soap, undressed.
That was, did you have all ever watched undressed?
That show is scandalous.
That show is scandalous.
Yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get to the listener round table.
Do we have any emails this week?
Participate at orangesontrader.com is the place to send emails.
Nary a one.
All right.
Ooh.
That does mean we get to divulge into drag race content, but I don't, I there's, I'm
not watching anything now.
They revealed everybody on celebrity drag race.
Oh, did they?
Yeah.
And it's everyone I thought thought it was going to be.
Well, the, the guy from mean girls was so obvious.
Like that had to be him.
Right.
Like you could tell that was him.
Mark and Delicato.
Um, ugly Betty.
There was, oh, he was like a little kid then, but that was like 10 years ago.
He's probably in his twenties now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There were, um, Oh God.
Um, Oh, uh, Tatiana, uh, Ali.
Oh, okay.
As in Ashley banks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, some, some comments from chat because now everybody's talking about the, the reminiscing
see a Tiberian chat says undressed on before love line.
Have I had to have told this on OLR at some point, right?
I was, I was on love line, not the TV show, but the radio shows.
Y'all know it was a radio show way before then.
And it was, I was on it once.
And, but I called because I wanted to talk to the celebrity guests.
I did not know.
It's not one of those things where, Ooh, tell us what your question was, Rob.
No, cause it wasn't, it wasn't anything juicy like that.
I wanted to talk to, um, Kennedy, the MTV VJ was on the show and I called in to ask
her a question because that was in my era of that's the type of work I want to do.
Look how far I made it.
Um, and, uh, uh, I wanted to, I don't remember exactly what the question was.
Something about like her success and all that stuff.
Um, and uh, yeah, I got to talk to her.
So that was, that was fun.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Uh, we, we love it.
Yeah.
Uh, as Joan Hunter Matt reminds us Elvira's birthday was yesterday.
Yeah.
She's, uh, 71 now I think.
Right?
Oh, Cassandra's going strong.
Yep.
Yep.
The, the, uh, uh, I'm sorry, but the, the first big drag queen on television before
RuPaul was Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.
Do not forget the, the, the, probably the best and biggest drag queen of all time is
Cassandra Peterson, Elvira.
Indeed.
All right.
You know, when, when even Ru says it.
Yeah, Elvira is a drag queen, period.
Like that's just, it's just that, that wasn't the word for it yet, but Elvira is absolutely
a drag queen.
All right.
Um, let's see what else?
Oh, we have somebody in the green room.
Why don't we get to some calls?
So if you want to join the green room, just go to vognetwork.com slash discord.
And you too can be on Orange Launch Radio, just like this caller here.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It is the one and only Ron.
How is everybody doing tonight?
Hey, I am fantastic, Ron.
How about yourself?
Except I lost a Loki somehow, but I'll, I'll find him here while you talk to us here.
Use the Konami code.
He'll come back.
Apparently or something.
So I don't know what I'm hiding behind dark sacros.
Fine.
I probably know.
I just moved the scene around.
I'll fix it live on air as I always do, but let's talk.
I've done the same thing when we go live.
I'm like, Oh, I forgot to change the episode.
The title episode changed that real quick.
Yeah, I don't.
I literally like deleted Loki somehow.
All right.
That's all right.
So we'll just, we'll duplicate one of the other ones and get them back.
Well, what's on your mind while I fix it live here?
Rama, how are you?
I'm good.
I'm tired.
I just unpacked from a trip.
Now I've got to pack for a trip for this weekend.
So, you know, but.
Enough about that.
A couple of things.
I'll be on my merry little way that I can just enjoy the rest of the show dinner and
watch anime.
Now I just find it funny.
Well, yeah, I try to make something interesting as best I possibly can, but this whole Ubisoft
thing, $10 more.
I'm just saying if you want to save the $10, just get the Xbox version because remember
the Xbox version is the same green case.
And when you buy and you pull it out, it says Xbox one Xbox series on it.
So there you go.
No good point.
And I still say my advice from before also stands.
Just wait for them to give it away because they all inevitably get given away or put
on those like game pass, uh, PlayStation plus like those types of things because there's
money to be made still there.
You know, that is true.
I mean, I picked up cryptid and necro dancer for switch for like four bucks, like over
the weekend.
So if you're willing, yeah, if you're willing to wait two years to play a game and I get
it.
Sometimes we're not, sometimes we're not like final fantasy 16.
No, bitch.
Day one, day fucking one.
I totally get that.
There are some games I will day one purchase the others.
I'll just put in my honey list and I'll just wait till it tells me, Oh, it's on sale for
such and such price.
And which I did during the pandemic.
And I realized I have probably over $500 worth of physical games I purchased during the pandemic
that is still sealed.
That should be the pandemic.
Yep.
The pandemic.
The pandemic.
I like that.
I'm going to use that for now on the pandemic.
My friends, Patty and Steph coined at the pandemic.
Same Patty.
I know from a jazz.
No, a different Patty.
She's okay.
Yeah.
I have to introduce y'all one day.
You will love her.
I, you know what?
Miss, Miss Melody and I have been talking and we did text Victoria as well about a return
to New York type of trip.
But what we realized, Rama, the only thing that we kind of are interested in seeing on
Broadway right now is Funny Girl with Lea Michele.
And it's, it's literally one of those, like, we're morbidly curious.
And that's the only way to describe it.
Like, we have to be in the room.
We have to be in the room for a second.
I thought she was going to say Phantom of the Opera.
I was gonna go, not you too.
No, that news hadn't come out yet.
I feel like Phantom of the Opera plays in like every fucking town in America at some
point.
And it's the same damn thing from a same thing with the Lion King.
How's the Lion King still on Broadway?
That show comes to every town in America.
You can go to Walla Walla, Washington and see a performance of the Lion King, just like
it is on Broadway.
Maybe not the same stars, but you know what?
It's acted just fine.
I want to take you all to see Beetlejuice.
That was amazing.
Oh, that would have been fun.
No, it's still playing.
Oh, is it?
It came back.
It came back.
Oh, nice.
Nice.
Pod Culture says don't knock on Phantom.
I'm not.
I'm just saying it's the same fucking show that tours America all the time.
And it's just as good.
You're not going to see Sarah Brightman in that show ever again.
So you know what?
Let the other actresses have their moment.
I don't like Sarah Brightman, so I don't care.
Oh, no.
What did she do?
Did she?
No, it's just her voice is too brassy.
Oh, I love her.
I do not like her voice in Phantom.
Legit.
Disagree on that.
Well, honestly, honestly, it was Repo, the genetic opera that sold me on her.
I love her in that movie.
That's the only thing she's been in that I like her in.
Okay, on that we agree that she's good in that.
I still like her in other stuff.
Anyway, look, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
I'm going to just say this very plainly and very openly.
Sometimes there is music that you want to listen to when you just feel like a gigantic
homosexual slur.
Okay, I'm not going to say it, but you know the word.
When you're just in that mood where I feel like a gigantic tonight.
Sarah Brightman is one of those CDs that you will put on.
You will put on and it's just like, I'm just, I am feeling my gay oats tonight.
Listening to some Sarah Brightman deliver me out of the sadness.
It's that 100%.
Rob, are you having a moment right now?
Because I can always I might be.
I might be putting on some Sarah Brightman after the show tonight.
I might.
You know what?
You know what?
Before I get to the second topic, I just love how when I call in, we don't derail.
We just jump the fucking rail, end up on a track like halfway across town.
When you call in, the train's driver three mode is activated and anything can happen, Rama.
Now, the other thing we're talking about is G4.
And as I said in the chat, the fact that anything G4 related is not on Peacock.
That's the first thing you should know.
There was no faith in this because any of the Comcast network is on Peacock.
That was my earliest prediction about that whole thing.
When they first announced G4, I was like, oh, they're putting it on Peacock.
That's the whole thing.
And it wasn't that you're right.
Why isn't it on Peacock?
No, no, but WWE is on Peacock, but G4 isn't.
Interesting.
I just, you know, because that again, we talk about cable going away and it's going to go
away.
It's going to be things like Peacock and, you know, all these other.
Unfortunately, it's the battle of the streaming networks.
But you are starting to see consolidation.
You know, you're starting to see that they're realizing, you know, for better and for worse.
So when I say for worse, I mean, discovery.
We all know we all know.
Let's not.
Oh, let's not.
Because I have a napalm with their name on it.
Oh, let's not.
Careful when you say things like that on a live Internet show.
He's speaking in a hyperbole.
Anyway, but the other thing now, now the train really did derail.
Oh, Showtime.
That was the big one.
So they're realizing people don't want to pay like, what is it, like 10 bucks a month
just for Showtime stuff?
Yeah, $10 extra.
Yeah.
And so they're going to merge.
They're going to merge Showtime into, I think, Paramount Plus at this point, which it's all
good because there's a bundle deal going on.
If you pay for it, you go into the app, you push up.
It brings up the Showtime stuff, Hulu and Prime.
I did buy Showtime at one point for one specific show.
And then I immediately canceled it when said show is over.
And that was Twin Peaks.
The return I did it for Dexter.
And I'm just severely disappointed how it ended.
So I'm like, I don't care if there's a season two.
I'm not resubbing for it.
Yeah, but I'll resub for a season four of Twin Peaks if it ever happens.
But I don't expect David Lynch to actually do it, but I hope fair.
Now, here's the thing about G4.
I have no desire because there's nothing on there that caters interest me.
I enjoy watching more tech YouTubers and tech Twitch streams and so forth.
That's more interesting to me.
What G4, I mean, we're at the point where gaming is console and PC.
I understand that G4 has some known streamers on there.
But honestly, it ain't doing a lick of good.
They're too busy fighting back against the woke, which I'm all for.
Because there are people out there who are running their mouth that need not to.
OK, but what G4 needs to do is cater everybody.
Have a show about technology, about building and repairs.
I've always said for the longest I wanted a Geek Squad-esque reality show on there where
it shows them working on these computers and talking about how people can't do certain
stuff.
Yeah, that's my cup of tea.
You know, I'm just getting my depth and chat says, wait, wait, wait.
Fight against the woke.
Can you know what I mean against them?
But, you know.
Oh, OK.
So like earlier what you were saying earlier that I got it, got it, got it, got it.
That's what I meant.
You know, it sounded backwards the way it came out with.
I get I get you now.
I get you now.
Yeah, normally I kind of have like a little notepad here of everything.
I want to find.
I'm glad I asked.
Fifth Dream says, yeah, G4 is OK, but it's nothing I can't get from any other random
Twitch streamer.
Tiger class says G4 TV needs somebody like a Linus with all the tech stuff.
It it needs a sort of must see TV.
And I feel like right now it's kind of living in a nostalgia realm with things like X play
and so forth, which is fine.
And clearly there's an audience for that.
We have people in our chat that are still watching.
And that's good.
Again, I'm not I'm not here to yuck your yum.
You know, that's great.
I'm just saying the landscape is a lot different now than it was in 2006 when that was the
only way to see tech content in the media was either tech TV or, you know, when the merger
first happened or early G4, whatever, whatever side of the fence you're on.
That was the only way to see it back in the day.
That's just not the case anymore.
It has to compete with literally everything else.
So it needs more moments.
And I'm just I'm not sure I'm not sure how resting on the successes of the past are going
to make it new fans.
I see how it enthuses the old fans.
I don't see how it adds new fans.
But I you know, again, I'm not trying to run a TV network.
It's a lot more complicated than I think.
So, you know, you know what I've done G4 good if they actually did live streams of Evo or
highlights of that, if they had something like that.
Actually, I don't know if you remember a couple of years back coverage what they used to do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I believe it was a couple of years back.
Disney was showing a gaming tournament on their channel.
I was like, wait, what?
Yeah.
You know?
No, that I think you make a good point.
And to be fair and out of interest, the pandemic and all that is probably lowered the opportunities
for G4 to really push into that space.
But I think you bring up an excellent point is that, you know, people always will flock
back to TV and live TV and local TV and that stuff for live events.
And I think the more of that the G4 can kind of bring in, I think I think you're right
that that would be very interesting.
So Zen Monkey is pointing out one of the ex hosts did a I'm sorry ex host did a full live
stream of a cosplay event.
So they probably just, you know, need to lean into that a little more.
Yeah, because gaming is, it's basically all encompassing gaming, tech, cosplay, anime,
all of that.
I mean, you could you could have shows about not just gaming, but have some shows about
tech, what's going on, have some shows, like, maybe throw some anime on there stream that
because remember, tech TV was showing late night anime and that did help, you know, it's
a little bit of everything that could work, you know, because, because let's be real,
I don't want to turn on G4 and watch another episode of Star Trek Next Generation.
Not to have nothing against it.
But to me personally, it ain't the show to what I expect to find on it.
Now, if they took the video game Star Trek The Next Generation, I was doing parody episodes
with it with the graphics.
Yeah, wasn't that literally there was a show like that on the old old G4.
It was MMOs.
They did lines.
They dubbed over MMOs.
That was like one of the earliest shows on the original G4 before tech TV portal.
This is what that was.
It was called Portal before there was a game called that.
Bring back code monkeys, you know, come on now.
There is so much stuff going on in the gaming industry.
They could easily parody.
That's like five seasons of content right there.
All right.
Well, my friend, do you have anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Oh, no, that's it.
Besides the fact I like Jamie's new hairstyle.
It's kind of banging rocket.
I actually was trying to fix the shave myself.
So hold on.
Let me show you what I ended up doing.
I'm going to actually be going to sport clips like, you know, the place where the dudes
get their hair done.
This is what I did as far as I can do by myself.
I think you did a really good job.
It's a lot better than what I did during the pandemic.
Screw this and just shave my head bald.
OK, I came close to that, though.
But I am after Twitch Con.
I am going to let it grow out.
But when they get the fuzzy underside, it's going to be purple.
Oh, I like I am going to have magneto hair.
I'm going to shave freshly bald for Twitch Con.
So. All right.
Wait, Rob, I have to ask you,
do you do it yourself or do you have someone do it?
Alan, does it?
That way, I don't miss any spots or anything like that.
I'm having I'm having Dan touch mine up.
Nice.
That is the purpose of a spouse to shave your head.
All right.
All right, my friend, Rama, anything else on your mind before we let you go?
Give Alan some love for us, because we know he's he's dealing, you know.
He's actually I think I said this at the very beginning, you weren't here yet, but him
and I tested negative on the same day, except it was day 11 for me and I think day seven for him.
But he had Paxlevid.
He didn't get prescribed Paxlevid, but in a genius move by someone's health care company,
they got Paxlevid showing up on their doorstep on day six after it was too late to take it.
So it was too late for me, but it wasn't too late for him.
So you know what I said?
Just take it.
And he did.
And he got over it like, what, four days faster as a result.
Hey, pay it forward.
Exactly.
And I'm a firework for cosplay.
I guess I guess I am admitting to some type of, you know, probably federal issue here.
Look, he's my fucking husband.
And you would do it too for your spouse if you were in the same situation.
So don't fucking come to me with, you know, the rules and regulations.
Exactly.
Just does it on his own.
Anyone would.
So all right.
Um, and if you want to blame anybody, blame my health care provider for being so freaking
messy, they didn't get me the meds until it was already day six and didn't even notice
that it was day six.
So you never got prescribed it at all.
That's a whole other issue.
So anyway.
All right, that's going to do it.
Rama, thank you so much for calling in.
Have a fantastic rest of your night.
Okay.
I will.
You take care and y'all stay fabulous and awesome.
All right.
I will.
It's all it's all I know how to do.
All right.
Bye, my friend.
Bye.
All right.
Uh, let's see the whole reason I never got prescribed, by the way, is because I had a
negative, uh, uh, test, uh, test there.
And then I had a positive antigen test.
That is so interesting.
No, I was just like, I sent you the picture of my results too.
I know.
I was just like, Hey, I have diabetes.
Can I get Paxilid?
And then like three days later it was like, Oh no, I got the boilerplate answer first.
And then three days later, Oh, I'm sorry.
I was out of the office and I'm just now seeing this.
I'll make sure you get it ASAP.
And sure enough, it gets delivered up on my door the next day on day six when it's, you're
not, and if you don't know, you're not supposed to take it after day five.
It's ineffective after day five.
So I'm pretty sure that that's why I never got prescribed it.
Cause I didn't get my days off and you know, I should have probably had it right at the
beginning given my other condition, but it is what it is.
I'm with us.
J one hundred mad.
It's ridiculous.
You can't just walk into a store and buy it at this point.
I mean, but I understand though that there are people who don't have it, but I think
and it needs to really be saved for the people who legitimately need it.
It's fair, fair.
All right.
I want to go to tweets over twitter.com slash O L R and dark Tetsuya reminding me of this
other one.
This other announcement for Tokyo game show and it was specifically Konami.
And you know, dark Tetsuya had something to say about the creators of La Mulana and what
they're doing next.
But I actually think this is pretty cool.
So do you remember how Konami was running a competition for revitalizing one of their
old franchises?
If you were an indie developer and you had a good idea, they were going to help you basically
revitalize.
So long story short, the guy behind La Mulana pitched a maze of galleous remake, which
ironically was the game that inspired La Mulana and he won.
So yeah, so that's the La Mulana.
That's so interesting how that came full circle.
So it's the game that inspired La Mulana is now going to get a remake or redo by the La
Mulana group.
What's that?
You know, he was tickled.
Oh, well, he was and dark Tetsuya was, that's for sure.
Yes.
Oh yeah, for sure.
That's huge news.
That's great.
So all right.
If you want to send us some tweets, twitter.com slash O L R.
But with that, that's the tweets, that's the emails, that's the calls.
So that's the show.
We had a full show, fun show tonight.
Thank you all for listening and tuning in tonight.
Really appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Tons Radio, please tell a friend or two about
the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices in the room.
A nice five star review on iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you heard this show.
Those nice five star reviews go an awful long way.
So thank you so much for those.
Be sure to follow us over at VOG Network.
That's V O G Network on Twitch as well.
That is also appreciated.
That is it for now.
We'll be back next week to do it all again.
But just heads up, we will be off in early October.
We are not going to be here the night of October 9th, I think it is.
You are correct.
That is TwitchCon.
And you've heard Dark Soccer and I both talking about how we will both be there.
So, well, actually I may be back just in time, but I'm not going to push it.
So Loki will be here and maybe he'll maybe he'll stream some of his big build or something.
I don't know.
But there will be no official we've done by then.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
That is going to do it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I'm getting sick of all these motherfucking Weskers in this motherfucking game.
Right?
God.
They need to nerve him.
Oh, no.
On Friday when we were playing, we just all DC'd at the same time.
And you know, I don't DC.
Yeah, I know.
His passive does not need to be as strong as it is.
I don't know what they were thinking giving him that in addition to his already existing ability.
His passive needs a huge nerf to it.
Survivors do not need to gain the passive stuff as fast as they do.
And they shouldn't have nerfed a self-care.
Their locations don't need to be given away when they use an antidote either.
So they need to nerf that, I think.
And Wesker will be fine.
Anyway, have a good stream, Dark Soccer.
We'll see you next week.
Thank you.
I will see you all in whenever.
Bye, everybody.
Bye-bye.
Let's go to Loki and your final thought tonight.
I didn't really have too much other than I did want to mention I just saw there was
another game announcement for Rise of the Triad Ludicrous Edition.
It's a remaster of the original Rise of the Triad.
Now in 4K, although, I mean, it doesn't really need to be in 4K because, you know,
it was an old DOS game.
But new map editors coming to all consoles and stuff.
And they have a new episode in there as well.
Nice.
Yeah.
My final thought tonight is speaking of streaming.
I am finally coming back to streaming tomorrow night.
Usually after post-DragonCon, I'm really high on the streaming train.
I'm like, I'm super motivated to do stuff and create content.
And then COVID said, ha.
So I've been out of it for a couple of weeks.
I'm way overdue.
I'm literally two weeks later and I wanted to be on this, but I will finally be streaming
again tomorrow night after work.
So please look forward to that.
I will be doing some Final Fantasy 14 tomorrow.
I'm actually thinking I'm going to have a schedule this week.
And so as of right now, I'm going to do Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and I will be doing Final
Fantasy 14 tomorrow.
I think dead by daylight on Friday.
And it's up in the air on what I'm going to do Wednesday, but something outside my normal
realm.
I might actually do Assassin's Creed Odyssey on Wednesday.
So check that out over at my Twitch over at Rob Roberts.
Tiger Claw says I'm still positive and haven't been able to go back to work.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Feel better.
I hope it took me 11 days to test negative.
I've heard it takes some people a little longer.
So just crossing my fingers for you, Tiger Claw.
I know it's no fun.
Be safe out there, everyone.
That's it.
Happy gaming.
Have a great week, everyone.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
Those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all
still true.
Bye.
