Today, January 31st, 2010, big Nintendo franchise games could be out this year, the classic
Japanese release looks to be US-bound, and Ubisoft announces a controversial new DRM.
We are live, I think, and welcome to another week everybody of Orange Lounge Radio, we
are that show dedicated to video gaming, video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here every week, and also joining me tonight, say hello
to the one and only Happiest Bunny on the Farm, or as we used to call her anyway, the
one and only, now she's an angry bunny, no I don't know, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
I'm not angry.
No, she's a very pleasant bunny, contrary to her.
I'm not a bunny.
To rumors.
I'm not a bunny.
You're some bunny.
Meow.
Meow.
Alright, so, and also with us tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Doing fine.
He proved he was the Techmaster tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
Okay, where the hell did we start?
Alright, obviously we've been without a show for two weeks, and that's not the place
we like to be.
You guys knew this was coming though, because a couple weeks ago we told you guys that there
was not gonna be an Orange Lounge Radio because I was gonna be in Seattle, but then the plan
was that the week after that we were gonna do the early show.
We were gonna do the 10 a.m. show Pacific, 1 p.m. Eastern, 6 p.m. for the UK listeners.
We were gonna do a show for them, and that was gonna be the special early show.
Well, unfortunately, we came here, we got up at the ass crack of dawn to come here,
do the show, and unfortunately when we booted the studio computer, it started to launch
Windows XP, and then died.
Terrible, terrible.
So unfortunately, we didn't end up having a show last week, and that kills.
We really hate missing two weeks in a row, because we know a lot of people, you know,
well especially the fact that we know a lot of our British listeners were, you know, making
plans to tune in, so we feel really bad that that didn't happen.
But of course, you know, computer issues are computer issues, there's not a lot we can
do about it, so it didn't happen.
So we had to replace the old computer essentially.
Now the nice thing is we already had a new computer waiting for us, because you might
remember a couple years ago, or you might not, the listeners all pooled together and
bought us a new computer.
Wasn't that long ago?
Was it?
Well, maybe it was about a year ago.
Well, it was just a great gesture, because we didn't ask for it, it was just a really
nice thing, and we thought, oh, now that we have this extra computer, we're going to use
it for some video projects that never got off the ground because of all our studio moves
and we're actually in a smaller space now.
But anyway, it ended up being a really good thing we had that on hand.
But Loki took that computer, got all the software on it this week, and literally within an hour,
got our old studio drive in the new computer, we got it all up and running.
I'm going to take some credit too, because I got the Skype working and some of the internal
Adobe Audition was pissing me off, because we upgraded to a newer version of that too.
Now here's the other thing.
We have folks in chat tonight, chat.orangelaunchrader.com, welcome to all you guys in chat, saying, wow,
you guys sound clear tonight, you guys sound better than usual.
Here's the other thing.
We were also working on a top secret upgrade this whole time, a brand new mixing board
that we just posted a picture of to our Twitter account.
And the website.
Oh, did you send it to the website too?
Yes.
Nice.
So it's also there on orangelaunchrader.com.
So if we do sound a little different, you can thank our new mixing board.
And supposedly our mixing board does all these effects I haven't even played with yet.
Like I think it does like equalizer effects.
Like I think if I hit that button, I think my voice gets more bassy.
I don't know if anyone notices that, but there's like an onboard equalizer.
We just opened this out of the box tonight.
Let me turn that off.
I don't even know if that did anything at all.
But I think supposedly you can do these weird FX things too.
Like if I turn, let's see which ones me turn that up.
This is all live radio.
It's all the fun.
I think if I turn that up, it actually does some type of delay effect.
It probably sounds stupid.
I don't know.
Let me turn that down.
So anyway, we're going to play with the new mixing board and see what happens with that
over the next few weeks.
I don't even know if it, maybe nothing happened at all.
We're still kind of playing with this thing, but it's fancy.
I like it.
It's very bright when it's on.
It's very cool.
I feel like we're moving on up, moving on up, moving on up.
All right.
So anyway, it's great to be back.
We're really sorry we missed the past couple of weeks, but I think for some of these upgrades
that we've had here in studio, in a way it was almost worth it.
I can tell you the show computer is much better than it was before.
So I'm excited.
And they said in chat they didn't hear the FX.
So, all right.
So I'll have to play with the mixing board over there.
I don't know.
I was just kind of futzing around with it.
I don't know what effect is on.
I'm not, I'm not going to worry about it.
Those effects seem kind of stupid.
Like that effect was supposed to be delay.
So it would probably just make, make, make, make, me, me, me, me.
Sound, sound, sound, sound.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
So yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Yes.
And D5T in our chat room says it goes to 11.
Yes.
Our new mixing board, actually it goes past 11.
It goes to plus 60.
This guy goes to 60.
All right.
Lots of gaming news we've missed in the meantime.
Let's get to it.
It has been some time.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't.
Not really.
I mean, I played Star Trek online, but I missed the end of the beta because I wanted to see
all of the Borg going in and assimilating all the people in game.
Um, I did see the video of it and it was pretty funny and, um, because like, uh, the Borg
took over, uh, Earth or the star base outside of Earth.
So it was pretty fun.
Um, I got, um, Tatunoko versus Capcom because I decided I did not want Silent Hill Shattered
Memories.
Um, I know me not wanting a Silent Hill, but it wasn't really a Silent Hill.
I don't think it was like a different kind of game.
So I have Tatunoko versus Capcom, which makes me a happy fangirl.
And um, I, I read this really about it.
I think Dan's been playing a crap ton of Borderlands as usual.
And I finished another season of DS9 and it has nothing to do with playing games.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
We did something.
We broke out the SNES and got our Super Metroid on.
I love Super Metroid.
By the way, guys, I just want to say in chat, cause some chatters are complaining about
Jamie's voice.
Hey!
No, not in that way.
Just that it's a little loud, but the nice thing is this mixing board does, I can adjust
audio on the fly way easier without screwing with gain, which is what I had to do before,
which would, that's why you got like the keyboard noises and everything.
Also Jamie is on a brand new mic, so I'm adjusting her a little bit here on the fly.
Live radio.
I love it.
I have a brand spanking new mic and my mic has a case.
It's beautiful.
So hopefully Jamie's volume is a little better now.
Just let me know.
We'll, we'll play with things tonight as we go and I apologize cause it's completely unprofessional,
but you know what?
I don't care.
You know what?
I don't care.
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
There, that's what I say.
That's it.
Loki, how was your gaming week or three weeks as it will?
Well, it's all been about the same.
So um, I've been playing, you know, a lot of Grand Theft Auto, even at home now been
just trying to play more ranked matches to move up the leaderboards because I'm around
like 240 now.
Um, just that's out of um, ranked death matches and total money overall.
So um, that's alright, but I keep moving down because, you know, especially like this weekend
I didn't play any at all, but um, I'm doing pretty good and then my true skill ranking
as far as uh, ranked death match goes, I'm almost in the top 100.
Might be in the top 100 right now, I don't know.
But uh, last I checked I was like 104, 105.
So um, that's pretty good out of like 50,000 people.
Um, and then I've been playing Borderlands a lot, especially since I can, you know, mod
weapons on it.
So I've been playing with mod weapons and that's actually been pretty fun.
I've been trying not to make myself too overpowered, but um, I don't know.
It's been pretty cool.
Lots of crazy weapons you can make in the game.
Just really looking forward to uh, finishing it and then definitely getting all the download
content.
Um, and then, you know, we're going to be talking about a third piece of download content
probably later in the show.
So it's very exciting.
And then um, yeah, and then as I was going to say, uh, I know everybody's been bugging
me about doing more like videos for the YouTube channel.
So I finally, I put the one video that I did a while back on the YouTube channel, so there's
something there now and there's a new one, which I already previewed in studio, um, at
least the first three minutes of it.
I want to make it like 10 minutes, but it's pretty funny.
A lot of these custom things that Loki always talks about on the show, you can now kind
of see on the YouTube.
It's great.
It's, it will document, um, you know, how I used to play death match in, um, Grand Theft
Auto, um, the lost and damned while back when we played with modded consoles and modded
games and whatnot, um, are closed, you know, work games that we'd play.
But um, you know, it's hard to explain it, so I just kind of have to show you.
So the first part of the video that I have done that I finished this weekend, um, is
basically showing the different weapons in the game and then the very end there's like
some of the vehicles that you can use in there.
And then finally, I'm going to get into the actual death match stuff because I have like
hours of footage that I have to go through and edit down and stuff.
But um, I do have enough right now to kind of upload to YouTube if I wanted to.
I just don't know if I'm going to.
I may want to get home.
We'll see.
But um, it's, it's going to be awesome.
All right.
I'm looking forward to seeing more of the YouTube.
I didn't realize you'd already put one up.
Yes.
I did that yesterday.
Awesome.
Uh, let's see.
My gaming week, actually, I got to say it's, it's been pretty standard.
I've been sucked into pretty much one game and that's World of Warcraft.
My paladin, I'm going to do nerd speak for a minute here.
My paladin hit level 80 at the end of December and now I finally cleared every five man dungeon
as of this past week, including Halls of Reflection, which was, um, wow.
That was a toughie.
Uh, it was definitely a gear check of sorts, but I've been trying to just slowly upgrade
my gear, trying to get some of the Emblem of Triumph rewards.
And I even got a cape from my Emblem of Frost rewards, which is great because I don't really
raid on this character because I found raiding was too much of a time investment.
But I did run Naxxramas for the hell of it this week, just a little bit with a pickup
guild.
So it was kind of fun.
So anyway, that's pretty much that.
And, uh, Brad from Pop Culture and Chats asks, uh, what?
No Star Trek Online?
No, my computer will not run Star Trek Online.
My video card is not good enough.
When I try to run, at least when I was in the beta, uh, when I try to run the beta,
I get the music comes up and everything, but no, no visuals on the screen, which is usually
a sign that your video card sucks.
Here's the thing.
I bought my computer about a year and a half ago at this point for about $800.
I made the mistake of buying a box computer because I thought, Ooh, good deal.
This is great.
I sold it.
It's like a gaming computer.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
The video card port is AGP, not PCI express.
So that's really old.
Exactly.
I was pissed when I found that out, but stupid me, my mistake.
Lesson learned.
Just so you know.
I got my computer the Christmas 2009 and I can run it.
Yeah.
Mine, well, mine's from about 2008 cause I think I bought it around August of 08.
So you know, it's just a bummer, but lesson learned for next time.
So I might have to get a new computer later on down the line.
My gaming really didn't end there though.
I didn't really play, but I watched God of War collection this weekend, which included
the God of War 3 demo.
God of War is kind of one of those games.
It's really weird.
I haven't played a lot of it myself, but I've watched several other people play this game,
but I got to see the kind of new, like upgraded graphics for God of War 1.
I have to admit the game looked pretty good.
I mean, it definitely, you definitely can tell the improvements over a PlayStation 2
game.
The only like, and this is so minor, some of the overlays were kind of stretched to
be widescreen as opposed to like redone, but honestly that bitch is so minor.
I think the game really looks great and it's kind of one of those games I'm always sitting
there going, hmm, I want to, I want to kind of pick this up and play it, but for now I'll
just watch my boyfriend play cause he's having a lot of fun playing it, which by the way,
can I just say this real quick?
Why I'm really mad the show last week didn't happen is that he was supposed, he was a surprise
special guest on the show last week.
He's really funny and knows his shit when it comes to games, so I'm really disappointed
it didn't work out, but we're going to try to get him on a later show cause I'm sure
you guys are going to enjoy it.
Let's see, what else have I been playing these past few weeks that is not WoW related?
Still some Xbox live arcade things, one versus a hundred, cause I think the season's wrapping
up pretty soon.
A little bit of Gyromancer, a little bit, and a Bejeweled Blitz, you know Bejeweled
Blitz just got a major update, update on Facebook.
Now you collect coins to buy power ups that you use.
I love PopCap, they make the best, they make the best crack games in the world.
It's great.
Anyhow, uh, feel free to join our chat room guys if you're listening live.
We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show.
We start at about six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
We got a little bit of a late start tonight because of all the issues going on with our
audio board.
In fact, I may have already said this whole spiel about All Games Radio and if I did I
apologize cause I'm really scatterbrained tonight with all the stuff going on.
But now we can kind of coast into housekeeping and tonight's news, I do want to say real
quick during housekeeping, again, there was no show on the feed for the past two weeks.
There was nothing so this should be the first show that shows up, episode 353 after 352
which was taped.
Believe it or not, on the 10th of the month.
So we have missed you guys as I know a lot of you have missed us.
And of course we have some fancy new toys and we're going to be playing with these over
the next few weeks.
Um, do bear with us though during tonight's show when we have a whole new setup, uh, we're
more prone to technical difficulties.
So just give a shout out and chat if suddenly our audio drops or something really weird
happens.
You don't hear us dead air.
Uh, our live listeners, we really count on you guys to help us out.
That dot orange lounge radio.com.
Also since I have been so focused on trying to make sure the show is starting by six o'clock,
I haven't been posting a lot of tweets, but go ahead and send in your Twitter topics.
If you have some stuff you want us to discuss tonight, we'll be taking those at the top
of part B tonight.
And of course, if you don't yet have us on Twitter, it's twitter.com slash O L R or we're
on Facebook too at orange lounge radio.
And as Loki mentioned a little bit ago, finally showing the YouTube some love and that's YouTube
orange lounge or orange, orange, orange, orange radio.
Usually if we're on a website, we're either under orange lounge or orange lounge radio.
So one of the two, anyhow, how about some news?
How about some actual video gaming news for the past week?
Look, you want to start us off tonight?
Yes.
Um, there is a report from Nintendo that hints at some of the titles coming soon as well
as possibly a released window for Metroid other M. Um, it's interesting.
They kind of, uh, and this is of course Japanese release dates, but, uh, there's some pretty
generic, um, you know, dates in fact, some that are just to be announced, uh, for example,
Metroid other M is slated right now for summer 2010, which is pretty awesome, you know?
Um, and then of course, uh, there's a title Xenoblade, which is, um, scheduled to be coming
out, uh, spring of 2010, so probably right around the corner.
And um, apparently I think, uh, Xenoblade is a new, uh, RPG, I want to say, um, and
then they've got Super Mario Galaxy, which is, you know, due sometime 2010, most likely
probably around the holiday, uh, be my guess.
And then, um, some other stuff I haven't heard of, uh, there's a new Legend of Zelda that's
uh, to be announced, Lion Attack Heroes, which is something that they showed, you know, during
E3, um, uh, Hoshi no Kirby, Kirby game, um, that's also to be announced and start with
a hundred words English conversation, most likely a game we probably won't see over here
because most of us speak English, maybe not that well, but we do speak it.
Um, and then Span, um, Smasher is another, uh, Wii game, which I remember, I think that
was a WiiWare title, um, I can't remember.
And then, um, looks like, uh, Kensaku-su, also another to be announced title.
And then Last Story, uh, which is I believe the new Mistwalker title, um, all those have
been announced for, you know, sometime this year or to be announced.
And then, uh, also there's a promo video that says, um, the new Zelda game, the one that
is kind of, uh, to be announced may be coming this year.
In fact, um, apparently, uh, something that they're thinking is going to be shown off
at E3.
And my guess is probably yes, because they're going to need something to get people's attention
after they show Wii Relax, because everybody's going to be like, ugh, don't care.
Do you think, I kind of get the impression based on a lot of this, what you're saying,
that Nintendo is really trying this year to really wow us at E3 where there's been a lot
of disappointment in years past.
Not just these games we've talked about so far, but some other ones we're going to talk
about in a minute.
It seems like there's a lot of core franchise news coming out of Nintendo.
Like they're really, with the exception of, well no, even Mario is supposed to have Galaxy
2, right?
So you've got what?
You've got Galaxy 2, Zelda, Metroid, I mean, a lot of their big franchises have games this
year.
Well, so far.
I mean, dates change.
We're talking about the end of 2010 now.
I mean, this stuff could all be pushed, you know, by the time we get to it.
Is it possible, though, that Nintendo's been working on the Zelda game in secret, quote
unquote?
I mean, you know, saying there's a new Zelda game is about as obvious as, you know, it
might rain today, you know?
But here's, remember E3 last year?
The Mario game came out of nowhere, and it ended up probably being the best Wii game
of the year.
I don't doubt that they're working on a new Zelda game, and the thing is, though, is I
wouldn't expect it to probably be too different than Twilight Princess was, because look at
Mario Galaxy, I mean, all they're really doing is crafting new levels to go with it.
It's basically going to be the same engine all over again, I mean, no effort there.
Wasn't there a rumor, and I want to say it was on our show roll for last week, because
sadly, the show didn't happen, but we had a whole script and a whole thing ready to
go, and I want to say one of the things was about that supposedly the new Zelda's supposed
to be kind of like Majora's Mask.
It was supposed to be a sequel to Majora's Mask, but, uh...
Which would make sense, because Majora's Mask was essentially, you know, Ocarina of Time
with some new frills, you know, because it was a new game.
I just...
I don't know.
I'm...
A lot of the stuff they see from Nintendo, and granted, other M looks pretty awesome,
but that's being kind of developed by a third party anyways, so whatever.
I just want to see Samus' booby mechanics, because it is Team Ninja after all.
So you know she's going to have some booby mechanics.
It's going to be awesome.
Even though she wears like a steel space suit or something.
I still want to see, I would rather see a lot of third party companies work with Nintendo
on some new games, you know, if that's what it's going to take to make these games kind
of stand out and be a little different.
I think that would be pretty cool.
Can you imagine like a new Mario game with, you know, them working with like Sonic Team
or something like that?
You know, like the 3D...
Suddenly Mario is blue and has spiky hair.
It's incredible.
Well it doesn't have to be exactly Sonic, but I'm just saying something like, you know,
the Sonic Adventure stuff.
I mean, just...
I don't know.
Or maybe revivals of some of the dead franchises that people really want to see come back.
Like, oh I don't know, Kid Icarus maybe?
Just a hunch?
We need Pit.
Exactly.
Whatever happened to that rumor?
There was artwork and all this shit that came out for the game?
And then it just...
No.
What?
The studio that was developing it closed, right?
It was Factor 5, right?
And they're not around?
I don't know.
This is all based on rumor.
That's why I say this with a question mark, because I'm sure it was rumored that like
five different people were developing it.
So...
Ugh.
Um, so yeah.
I mean, it'll...
I don't know.
I'm just not expecting a lot from it, but people I'm sure will love it, because Twilight
Princess was alright.
I just didn't really get into it, but maybe I'll try it again later on.
I don't know.
I like Wind Waker, so I must have something wrong with me.
Yeah you do.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well I have something...
No, clearly I have something wrong with me, because I think Ocarina of Time is so overrated.
Like it is not...
No, no.
I don't care for the Zelda game by far.
I don't care for the Nintendo 64 or Zelda games at all.
I hated the jump to 3D, just because I loved Link to the Past so much, like that that was
the next Zelda game just made me want to barf.
And I've tried.
Guys, I've tried.
And honestly...
I loved Ocarina.
I know.
Most people do.
I admit I'm weird.
I also think most people give too much fan wank to Chrono Trigger.
I don't think Chrono Trigger is that great.
Like it's great.
How much of it did you play?
Almost beat it.
I think I recorded it the way I thought.
Why don't they just take a page from Capcom?
And I've seen the ending.
I mean, we've seen how Capcom can sell these retro games that look like they were on the
NES or something.
Just make another Link to the Past or something like that.
You don't have to go all 3D and all crazy...
That's what they do on the Game Boy Advance, at least it was a couple years ago.
All those Game Boy Advance games were kind of like Link to the Past-y kind of games.
But I didn't like them because they were on the freaking Game Boy Advance and I wanted
something on my TV.
Although, you know, get one of the GameCube adapters.
Not the same thing.
And you know it.
I'm surprised we don't see Game Boy Advance games on the Wii yet.
Like virtual consoles?
Soon.
Soon.
Well, speaking of virtual console, you know, if these new games don't sound like your thing,
maybe some old classics.
And you want to talk classic, here's a game.
If you've been listening to OLR for any length of time, besides this is your first show,
you've heard this game come up on the show before because it is one of Jamie's all-time
favorites and she always says, Rob, you need to play this game.
I'm gonna have to get out, you know, my old system so you can play this game.
Well, she may not have to.
Castlevania Rondo of Blood apparently has been rated by the ESRB for the Wii.
Now this is following a couple weeks of reports that it was rated by the Australian board,
it was rated by, you know, other boards.
Apparently now it has been rated T for Teen by the ESRB, which indicates that it will
be headed to the Wii.
So and by the way, you had to have a PC Engine CD device a long time ago in order to play
this game.
Or you played the PSP remake, but of course that wouldn't be the original.
But that, what was it, Akumajo Collection or whatever it was called had this and Symphony
of the Night.
But this game had been quite altered.
So now apparently it is headed for the Wii.
What is also interesting about this, not only has this kind of been confirmed thanks to
the ESRB, but also a representative from Hudson has said the game is coming out shortly, but
here's the other interesting thing.
Not in English.
Because it is a virtual console release, it's just an emulation of the old game, they did
not go back and touch up any of the language.
So it's just, it is exactly what it was back in the day.
The only parts of this game that are in Japanese is, well even the freaking intro is in German,
and then there's dialogue that's like right at the beginning of the game, right when you
rescue people, and when you fight Dracula.
And really it's like, oh, Richter, it's your wife, blah blah blah, oh Maria, blah blah
blah.
You know, whatever.
I've played the intro though for you, haven't I?
I think so.
I think like a long time ago on the show.
With the beginning of it's like in like Gothic German.
There's actually, there's YouTubes of it now, but yeah.
But what do you think, Dark Sakura?
Now this is a game that went for a lot of money and still probably does go for a lot
of money.
Like I remember you saying something about a friend owed you like a hundred dollars and
came back from Japan with that to pay us back, and that was like a way better, you got a
better end of the deal, essentially, because that game's worth like what, two hundred or
something?
Well, the last eBay auction I looked at for that game intact was ending I think at about
a hundred and fifty for a low one.
Okay.
What do you think about this now?
Do you think that this could possibly devalue that purchase, or is this a good thing because
more people will get to play the game without having to have all this fancy stuff?
To be honest, I don't really give a crap about the value of the game.
I mean, because it's a fun game.
I would love for people to play it.
Well good.
Then you're collecting for the right reasons.
I think it's great that I have a real copy of it.
I liked my burn copy for, yes, I had a burn copy.
I'm glad that I had it because I played the crap out of it and, and keep in mind for the
longest time, that was the only way I could remotely play it.
So I'm sure there's going to be, you know, other formerly frustrated fangirls.
Ooh, that's actually a good name for a podcast.
Formerly frustrated fangirls.
Isn't that what you and TRS comic book show is?
Yeah, that's Monday Comic Mania.
Oh, I see.
Are you guys on iTunes yet?
No.
Oh.
We were going to talk to you about that.
Okay.
All right.
Call me.
Have your people call my people.
Anyway.
My people being me.
Rondo of Blood.
Sure me.
Call Rob.
Which is what will happen if your show doesn't get listed on iTunes, Rondo of Blood.
Anything else we should know about this game being on virtual console?
It's fucking fun.
I wonder how much they're going to charge us for it.
What are they charging for the other?
If Neo Geo games are like 9, I think Turbo Graf, well you can't say Turbo Graf is a CD.
It's a PC Engine CD, this one.
I'm going to guess, with no real basis, they're going to charge 10 bucks.
Well what are they already charging for the CD games elsewhere?
I couldn't tell you off the top of my head.
I don't even know if PC Engine CD has been emulated yet.
I thought they did.
Have they?
They did.
East, didn't they?
Or Vallis?
They've done some.
Yeah, they've done some of the CD games.
A few of them have.
There's so much on virtual console now I can't even keep track of it anymore.
But yeah, I want a lot of people to get it.
I would actually love to see people spend the money on this so that Nintendo knows that
hey, we want more.
You know, especially this game, keep in mind, for a long time this game was considered one
of those pinnacles of gaming that you just could not find here.
You had to be something special to have it or have good contacts or have money.
You know.
And I think that it just goes to show that, you know, maybe patience is a virtue.
A virtual virtue.
Aww.
Aww.
And by the way, the next game they need to put out is Sapphire.
Some comments from our chat room.
Ray Ayanami says, thank you for not being the snobby her-her, I bought the original
for $9001 kind of collector Dark Sakura.
There you go.
Well, you know what, there's actually two other games though that I would love to see
coming on a virtual console, but one of them they would have to translate.
And what's that?
It's an RPG called Emerald Dragon.
Well, I don't see that really happening because have you seen any game on virtual console
kind of go back and be tinkered with at all?
I can only think of Pokemon Snap because it saves pictures to your thing or your Wii board
or whatever it's called.
But Sapphire.
Sapphire needs to come out.
I don't think they've translated a single game yet.
Sapphire's a shooter.
And I think I might have done Sapphire as a classic game.
I might have.
I'll have to check.
But it was one of the first with real-time 3D objects in the game.
You know, on a 16-bit system.
Nice.
So yeah, Sapphire is an amazing little shooter.
And then I'd also like to see Psychic Storm.
Well, that's the game that Dan calls I Get Pissed Off.
He was saying, Psychic Storm?
But Dan sounds like they're saying I Get Pissed Off.
And Ray Iannami says, the only game that's had any translation is Sin and Punishment.
And even then, it was only menu text.
I did think of another one, though.
Tecmo Bowl.
They went back and screwed with that because they had to take out all the stuff that was
licensed originally.
Remember that?
So they have gone in and altered with ROMs, but very, very rarely.
So anyhow, we will see what happens with this release.
Maybe who knows?
Maybe tomorrow, by the time you guys hear this podcast, it could already be out.
I mean, when they say shortly, that could mean Monday.
So we'll see.
Dark Sakura, what's up next?
Well, I was actually going to look for the, see if I had covered it, but in other news,
something about Satoru Iwata, who is the Nintendo president, he's not impressed by the iPad.
Yes, the iPad happened this week.
We didn't really, I think everybody's heard.
This is the show.
Yes.
The iPad is coming out and everybody is, well, not everybody.
I just didn't see it.
Did it say that it was coming with a stylus or something?
No.
I'm criticizing it because it looks like a giant iPhone.
At least that's me.
I am criticizing it for that reason.
I would only want one if I could draw on it, you know, if it was like carrying around a
Cintiq.
I will say though, some of the art stuff on that did look very cool.
I could see like, like some of the art playing looked really cool.
And I got to say, I really liked the calendar that they showed in it.
Like I thought the calendar seemed really robust and I could really use that, but I'm
not paying $4.99 or whatever, and that's not even with 3G.
I'll tell you, actually, you know what would, what would make me buy that, Rob?
What's that?
Um, it costs the same as a Kindle and does more, and I can run my Kindle app on it.
I bet you the cost does come down, but you know Apple, in a year there'll be an iPad
2 or an iPad 2.0 or whatever.
I see myself getting one if I can actually use it for real art stuff, but I digress.
Will Loki be getting an iPad just out of curiosity?
No.
Okay.
So much he could say, but he just, he just keeps it classy.
Uh, I, I'm sorry.
Did you watch the press conference out of curiosity?
I watched the live, the live blogging of it, and I laughed.
I'm like, wow.
So people do realize this is just an iPod touch, but bigger, right?
Slightly faster processor.
Whoa, a blazing fast 1 GHz processor, oh my god, that's blazing fast like years ago.
I guess for a handheld that's blazing fast.
Let's let Jamie get back to the story, but I do want to say real quick, um, the only
thing to take me off about it too, one of the, it doesn't multitask.
Like come on.
A computer doesn't all tab, you know, so shiny and beautiful rub cause that's what people
buy Apple products for us because they're beautiful.
It's just like my wife.
Perfect example.
We went to go get a new camera cause my camera, whatever it's, let me go get you a drink,
Jamie.
I'm sorry.
I have one.
It didn't, uh, is it strong enough?
It doesn't hold a charge anymore for whatever reason.
So what did my wife do?
I want the red camera.
She's the perfect Mac Apple product buyer right there.
I want the red one.
You are incorrect, sir.
Any good graphic artist is going to primarily go for a Mac.
Great.
I hope you have a lot of art programs on the iPhone because that's the only apps that can
run.
I have Photoshop.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't think that's on the iPhone.
Yes it is.
Well that's a pretty piss poor version then.
It's basically just for editing photos taken, but it actually has pretty good image cleaner
in there.
I like it.
I don't, I, I have real Photoshop to actually fix my photos, but back to my story, please.
Yes.
As I was saying, you know, basically Iwata agrees with Loki.
It's a bigger, I, you know, iPod touch, whatever.
Um, he also doesn't like 3d gaming very much, uh, he did like avatar, which I've seen twice
now.
Um, and they're actually looking on the, um, effects of help, um, by playing video games
over a long period of time instead of watching movies, seeing what the differences are.
Um, I guess, um, and then, um, he also, uh, doesn't really care, you know, about, he doesn't
think people just want to wear those silly looking glasses to play their video games.
And also he said that, um, the next DS would not have motion sensor and there's no HD Wii.
He doesn't think that people would pay money for it.
Oh, Iwata.
Poor special boy.
Maybe we should put him in the, um, the, uh, crayon eating camp.
I'm not ready to put him there yet because whether we like it or not, the Wii is really
kicking ass when it comes to sales and so forth.
So maybe he just has the bicycle helmet?
We have to remember Nintendo doesn't only care about the core gamer.
They care about the soccer moms and kicking ass and Logie's wife sales console sales,
but software sales, they suck except for first party Nintendo product.
That's okay.
Nintendo has given me what I want.
I love this.
I'm holding it in my hand.
Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
Well Capcom gave you that, but it's on Wii, so they had to license it.
Um, I love this too, this comment in chat, tiger clot in our chat room chat that orange
sounds radio.com says, but guys think about it.
You can listen to OLR on a bigger screen with the all games app.
Yeah, that's bigger screens really going to help you with a radio app.
Think about it.
And you can't even put the thing in your pocket because it's so huge.
You can kind of put it like under your shirt, like maybe, maybe they need to come out with
a girdle with a pocket or something that you could carry your iPad under your shirt.
You know what's sad?
What?
The 4G 3.5 gigahertz processor probably could go into an iPhone.
And maybe it will.
There'll be a new iPhone this year too, I'm sure.
Exactly.
And then once you bought your iPad, then the 4G version will come out and you'll have to
pay.
I've told you what, the reason I want one.
I want it instead of a Kindle because it'll do what the Kindle does plus some other crap.
And I use my Kindle app on my iPhone.
Um, Game Guru says, remember this is coming from the guy who's marketing a bigger DSI.
He knows this stuff.
How's the DSI in Excel any different from the iPad?
It's not.
It's, it's, it's equally retarded, okay?
Maybe he's just jealous.
Actually, I gotta say, some people that I've heard that have played with that thing really
enjoy it.
They say it does make a big difference.
I don't know how, but that's just what I'm hearing.
Are they also the people that dial the, you know, big number phones, you know?
They have one of those oversized phones.
My fingers don't hit the buttons.
I hit one button and it hits both of them.
The kind Grandma has to have so she can see the numbers.
The ones that are like, you know, it looks like someone put Post-Its where the numbers
are.
You could use your whole fist to hit a button.
You should have whack-a-mole phones, that'd be awesome.
Nice.
Alright, how about some different gaming news, Loki?
I'm gonna open a window in here, by the way.
It's hot in the studio.
It's gettin' hot.
It's gettin' hot.
Is it hot in here, or is it just me?
It's just stuffy.
Yes, apparently there's a new Pokemon game coming out, and when I say new, I don't mean
HeartGold and SoulSilver, because those aren't really new, they're just kind of remade.
But there's basically gonna be a new game, I guess a new main entry game, as they would
call it, which will probably have, you know, two games and then one that compiles both
of them together that they'll release later on that people will buy anyways.
I didn't say when it's coming out, but sometime in 2010, it's gonna be seeing a release in
Japan, most likely probably holiday, because usually they'll have Pokemon games that come
out around April or November, so.
And I believe the April one is HeartGold, except this year it's, you know, March.
So are we gonna go online with this now?
I mean, I know they do, isn't there like the trading room over Wi-Fi or something, a very
limited kind of online app that you were able to do in the last one?
I don't know, Pokemon to me is like- When's Pokemon just gonna be an MMO already?
I mean, Nintendo is sitting on a goldmine, a Pokemon MMO I think would be huge.
But you don't want to embrace online.
Ugh.
So like, they won't.
There's one of those things they get a third party to do, seriously.
There are, I bet there's some MMO developers out there that would like, they would suck
Nintendo's cock in order to be able to put out the Pokemon MMO and get money off of that.
I mean, that is just a goldmine waiting to happen.
But Rob, then people wouldn't buy Pokemon games.
That's not true.
Just because World of Warcraft is doing amazingly well, you don't think like Starcraft 2 and
Diablo 3 are gonna sell well, and if they wanted to put out a Warcraft 4 you don't think
that would sell?
They'd still sell.
They'd still sell.
I don't know.
AzureEdsInChat says, Sky, we'd have to enter one million friend codes, I don't wanna fucking
do that.
Good point.
I don't know.
I'm showing Rob Sapphire.
I don't think you've done that as a game of the week, you're gonna need to some week.
I don't know, check the, I mean, it's been a long time, but we'll see.
Yeah, so, new Pokemon game coming from Nintendo that's like saying, oh look, there's gonna
be another Mario game coming from Nintendo.
I have done Sapphire.
When?
Episode 326.
That wasn't that long ago, that was about six months ago.
After I did Starblade and before Donkey Kong Jr.
I'm just getting old, I have bad memory, what can I say.
Yet here I am, clamoring for a Pokemon MMO, what's wrong with me?
Anyway, how about another type of MMO of sorts, at least this was one of the original MMOs,
but was it-
And we know that MMOs just draw kids across country to their, you know, pedophile friends.
So that's why they wouldn't do it because, you know, you'd hear the PR, you know, news
wire go out about some kid that went across country to find their friend and it ends up
being some 40 year old dude that really likes Pokemon and touching little kids.
If Nintendo actually sat down to think about it, there's a way to do it.
You could do friend codes maybe for just the people that you talk to and party with, especially
if you're like under a certain age, but you could still at least interact in a certain
capacity, maybe using pre- like that's how the Disney MMOs do it, there's like pre-phrases
that are in there, even the Phantasy Star games have that to some extent, the already
put in phrases that you would communicate with.
If you maybe, especially if you were under a certain age.
Or just an animal crossing MMO.
Well look, anyway, hello back to a classic MMO, Ultima!
Remember Ultima Online?
I think it's still kicking after all these years too, Ultima Online I believe is still
going.
They got a graphical upgrade a couple years ago.
Of course Ultima was a huge series of role playing games before that, I believe there
was nine games?
So there was-
I think so.
I think so.
I don't remember, but I do know that, you know, some of the early ones I remember from
my childhood, I actually had on NES, I had Ultima 4, and I used to rant Ultima 3 all
the time, so I know those were big games back in the day.
Well, and Ultima has a very, very rabid fan base, and guess what, EA is apparently bringing
out a new Ultima game, but don't get too excited because it's not quite what you think.
It's called Lord of Ultima, and it's a game where you build your own unique city, and
you play with thousands of other players, and yeah, it doesn't sound like it's really
like a role playing kind of game at all, it sounds almost more like, I don't know, Civilization
or something, which not that Civ's a bad thing, but they kind of took the Ultima out of Ultima,
I don't know.
So yeah, take with it what you will, I guess it would be hard to know until we actually
get our hands on it, but this is their idea on how to revive the Ultima franchise is to
give us Lord of Ultima.
That's silly.
How about just like a really kick ass Ultima console game?
I don't know, I guess the tricky thing about Ultima is that it really was more, it wasn't
like a Final Fantasy type of role playing game, you know, where you hit a button to
attack and all that, it was very, like you really, even on the NES one, dude, you had
to like micromanage the food that your people were eating to make sure they weren't going
to die of starvation, you had all these status effects that could happen, like your people
could die, or they could just straight up turn to ash, and you can't revive someone
who's turned to ash.
I mean, it's, it kind of kicks up the ante a little bit.
It's a tougher game to manage, but rewarding.
You know, you know what type of game I think would make a fun MMO?
What's that?
I was thinking about it.
Actraiser, where everyone plays God.
That would be a little bit confusing at some point, I don't know.
And then like, you have Holy Wars and shit for Sky Cake.
Nice.
Okay.
Well, how about another story?
How about Borderlands?
Which is what my husband was playing this morning.
So, the secret armory of General Knox is the next download content to be coming out.
And it's supposed to have, like, really cool new enemies and a big new place to hang out.
And I really have to say that if it's anything like the island of Dr. Ned, then it's going
to be fun.
It's going to be pretty great.
So, they're raising the level cap.
We don't know how much, but it's raising the level cap.
And right now it's at 50.
So, maybe they'll get legendary mounts next.
How about instead of an add-on like the island of Dr. Ned, we get the island of Dr. Brain.
Because that was an amazing game.
The island of Dr. Ned involved a lot of brains.
I see.
Involved timed headshots that would make the zombies.
You had to, I'm not going to say why you had to collect the brains, but it was pretty funny.
But, like, you had to get headshots on all the zombies to make their brains pop out of
their head, and then you would collect their brains.
And as you turned in your brains, like, your first mission is brains.
Your second mission is brains.
Your third mission is brains.
Like the A's would keep increasing.
It was pretty funny.
And yeah.
Let's travel around the world while Jamie goes and eats some brains.
Or maybe some of these yummy potato chips like that.
I would love some pita chips.
Walgreens.
These pita chips, yes, thank you.
Ah, yes.
This week is kind of the calm before the storm as far as releases go.
Not a lot of good stuff coming out, unfortunately.
So instead we have-
Bite your tongue.
Bite your tongue.
White Knight Chronicles is this week.
Oh, that's right.
Well, I said not a lot of good stuff.
One title-
Sorry, I'm choking on a pita chip.
I'm sorry, two titles do not a good week make.
Anyways, so, Imagine Reporter, coming out on DS, whoopity shit.
Star Trek Online, though, is making it out this week, both the collector's edition and
the regular edition.
White Knight Chronicles on PlayStation 3 coming out, and that wraps up the good games coming
out this week.
And also Family Party 30 Great Games Winter Fun on the Wii.
The Sims 3 high-end lost stuff, if you want to buy more crap for your fake people.
And that would be it.
All right.
Sorry, I'm playing around in chat room because somebody said, or it was Azurette, did someone
say pita chips, but spelled it P-E-T-A, like the people eating tasty animals.
And then I tried to slap them, but I accidentally slapped the wrong person in chat, so there
we go.
I gave the right person a slap there in the chat room.
Anyway, hey, how about Japan and looking at the Japanese releases?
I don't know if there's any games in Japan where you can slap people yet.
We might need to let Shermie out.
Shermie's headed towards the door and wants to- there we go.
Bye, Shermie.
All right.
Sorry.
Shermie's a cat, by the way, that I'm talking to.
Hey, looking at the release dates over in Japan, kind of a slow week over there.
Well, I guess they do have a new Star Ocean game.
That's a pretty big deal.
On the PS3, that's Star Ocean The Last Hope, but that's the international version, so I'm
assuming it's kind of like they did with some of the Final Fantasy games where it's the
US version redone.
It's the US version with more- I think there's more language options.
And honestly, that is really it.
I mean, there's another game on the PS2 called Momo Tuji Taisen Ryoku 2 coming from System
Soft that looks to be some type of adventure game.
I don't know if it's just- there's little cute little animals there and that poor girl's
sitting in a cardboard box.
I don't know why, but I guess it's about a bunch of homeless chicks with big boobs.
I don't know.
No, they're all planes.
Did you notice that they're all planes?
Oh, they're planes.
They are.
Are these- oh, these girls must like turn into planes or something, right?
It's just weird.
Yeah.
Oh, the Japanese and their fetishes.
That is so strange.
Her ass is a cardboard box.
Look at that.
I gotta link that in chat there.
She's a hobo plane.
I'll paste the link there.
I'm gonna paste that in chat so you guys can check that out and see if it's a weird deal.
Alright, so that's on the PlayStation 2.
So they are still cranking out the PS2 games over there.
And on the Sony PSP, God Eater comes out.
Well, that sounds rather pleasant on the PSP.
I don't know if that- is that local?
Is that a- some type of game we have here?
I think it's based off of manga.
Yeah.
Oh, it is.
Looks like a- It's a fighting game.
Yeah, kind of a fighting game, but you can take on multiple things at once.
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
And that's it for Japanese release dates.
How about the UK?
Jamie?
Well, for the third, we have Chime on Xbox 360.
And then the fifth, we have a number of things.
We have Dante's Inferno.
We have Disgaea 2, Dark Hero Days, Endless Ocean 2, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles,
The Crystal Bearers, MX vs. ATV Reflex, Stalker Call of Pripyat, Silent Hill Shattered Memories.
Please everybody, it's not- it's not Silent Hill as you know it.
If you like running, you'll love Silent Hill Shattered Memories.
If you like a lot of frustrating fucking trial and error, then you'll like it.
You just run.
They should've- they should've- this is kind of funny.
They should've combined Walk It Out with Silent Hill Shattered Memories.
Wouldn't that be hilarious?
Well, last on my list is the best on the list.
Star Trek Online.
Um, I have already been playing it.
It is tons of fun, um, although now that the beta's over, I have to remake my fucking character.
Yeah, but you should've known that was coming.
Well, yeah.
Actually, I didn't have to when I played, um, Ragnarok Online.
Oh, buh-bye.
They saved the character data on a separate server so that when you start the game, you
have your character attack.
Did you like the ship combat?
I didn't like it.
I didn't like the camera in it.
Yeah.
But they're supposed to, um, have been implementing, um, cause I've been giving a lot of feedback
on the dev forum.
They're supposed to be, um, doing a way to lock- cause my whole problem was that you
couldn't lock the camera behind your ship.
That really pissed me off, because it really- your controls were always justified by your
ship, but if you were not- if you were, like, looking at your ship sideways, you could not
turn it around, adjust your camera, do anything without it trying to readjust itself based
on where your enemy was, and it would never lock on the enemy when you were close by.
So it'd be like, um, I'm trying to shoot these, uh, Borg, um, I'm trying to shoot these, uh,
whatever they are.
Um, I did, though, I really liked the away missions.
Those were fun.
Yeah, the- I liked it when you were on the world, kind of in the- as the player, but
I didn't care for the-
I liked the one mission, I don't know if you did it, it was one of your emergency missions,
where you have to go and talk to these miners, and you find out why they're so pissed off
at their boss.
No.
I think it was- it was such a great thing that it had, like, diplomatic missions and
little things in there, stuff that, you know, I'm sure Starfleet officers have to do all
the time.
I played through the whole Borg opening, and then I did a couple other missions, like,
I remember going on some ship to get the- like, get- like, kill a bunch of guys that
were trying to infiltrate the ship and get on the ship and get the people out.
They would follow me, kind of, to the exit.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was- and then more bad guys were showing up, so I was running out.
Well, the missions that I- I was actually on the way to the- whatever the mission was
near Vulcan or something, and you get emergency missions sometimes on your way as you pass
by other places, although really what- the first thing I'm gonna freakin' do as soon
as my ship is up to it is go hang out at DS9 for a while.
It's in there!
It's in there!
Did you know?
That's nice.
No, I didn't know that.
That's great.
There's a video up of someone actually trying to go through the wormhole.
I think it was funny.
Awesome.
All right, well, what's up next?
Back to some gaming news.
I just totally made myself an utter geek.
I know.
You know, I wanna, like, uh, play Star Trek Online and then just kill all the creatures.
You know how they- do they have any diplomatic away missions where you're supposed to not
kill things, and then if you do, that's bad?
I think those you just are actually set to talk to them, because you can't actually fire
at someone who's not an enemy, but you should totally play a Klingon.
That's unfortunate.
You should totally play a Klingon.
See, that's what I do in Spore, is just kill people.
Oh, wait, no, I don't do that in Spore, because I don't play Spore anymore.
That's right.
You should just totally play a Klingon, then you can call your commanding officer, uh,
you know, a coward, and then kill him and take his position.
And you know what Spore has to do with this next, uh, story they have?
Well, both of them have DRM.
Ubisoft is now introducing a new online-enabled DRM for their PC games.
Um, basically, you're gonna be able to install the game on, um, you know, whatever PCs you
want.
You just have to be connected to, um, the internet in order to be logged into your Ubi.com
account to play the games, even if you wanna just play, uh, single-player games.
Uh, sounds wonderful and all, but somehow I have a feeling that they're gonna get around
it just as easy as they got around the DRM on the EA games, but hey, I guess that's neat.
And stuff that they don't limit you to how many PCs you can install your stuff onto,
but you know, some people out there don't have internet access or don't have broadband
internet access, but I guess those people won't be buying those Ubisoft games.
Just hopefully they make it very clear, um, on there.
But um, I guess, uh, this is kinda similar to some of the Steam games that they have
out there now that they require that you're logged in, um, to the internet.
But I guess that's not true for all Steam games?
I don't know.
Well, here's the question.
I mean, I understand these gaming companies have to do whatever they have to do to try
and curb piracy because it's getting way out of control, especially on PC games, it's so
easy.
But, um, you know, there's always somebody gonna play that card, like, okay, well, if
you require an internet connection to validate the game, what happens to the military guys
overseas who don't have an internet connection and these computer games are a way that they
can, you know, de-stress in downtime?
That card always gets played somehow, so what is, I mean, any DRM scheme has to kinda take
that stuff into consideration is, you know, there are some people who legitimately don't
have internet and are trying to legitimately play games.
Could they call an 800 number?
I mean, I don't know.
What would happen?
I think it's not, they're not gonna be able to call an 800 number and really what's gonna
come down to is any DRM scheme that you have out there, really there's no way that you're
gonna be able to ensure that people aren't stealing your product because there's always
gonna be a way around everything, whether it be, you know, some extremes I can see them
going to is a physical dongle that you have to stick into your USB drive or something
like that that authenticates your, you know, copy that you have and you can't play unless
that's plugged in there.
They do that with some software programs out there, but it's very rare and even those can
be emulated or, you know, copied and, you know, nothing's perfect.
Well here's what Frisbee in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com and just makes
a very clear statement.
Frisbee says DRM will always be cracked.
Give it up.
Agree?
Yeah.
Really, and even DLC can be cracked and always is, so you just can't win in the PC market.
You just have to, you know, hope that most people aren't pirating your stuff.
Or you're putting it out at a price that makes it worth it.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Steam, you know, Steam's a great service and a lot of people, you know, purchase stuff
on Steam because it's very convenient.
It's all in one, you know, spot, but there's people that are gonna pirate games that are
gonna pirate games and there's nothing really stopping them because, you know, as soon as
you tell somebody, oh this is, you know, if, you know, if it's something that's gonna inconvenience
somebody, you know, whether it be, you know, requiring a disk or you have to be online
or you have to install this, you know, some sort of rootkit on your system in order for
it to work, someone's getting pissed off and trying to hack it around.
Some more comments from chat and Frisbee makes another point here.
What happens to the servers, or what happens when the servers, when they crap out?
So if these servers that authenticate the games or whatever, what happens if they die?
They're gonna send out a patch and it'll probably remove the DRM from the game.
What if, what if all the servers, well that's, that's Steam's contingency plan, supposedly.
If Steam were to ever disappear, they would do that.
But that isn't the same thing that Ubisoft has necessarily said, I don't know.
Ray Iannami says, if I was a developer, I'd just say fuck it to DRM and just put in a
finger wagging message that says, while we thank you for your interest in this game,
we would appreciate it if you buy a legitimate copy if possible.
You know, I have to admit, I always did like the kind of gotcha thing that some of those
Super Nintendo games did.
Like, what was it?
One of those games, if you were playing like a hacked version, Earthbound, would be way
harder.
Like if you were playing like a pirated copy of Earthbound, it would be way harder.
And then when you get to the very last boss, it deletes your save game.
Like that's just evil, but kind of funny in a way.
I mean, if somebody's pirating it, they can't complain at what the game did.
I mean, it might make them really pissed off so they never actually buy the game legitimately.
But just kind of, most people didn't know that that kind of prevention was in there
until it was too late.
Frisbee continues and says DRM does nothing to stop piracy.
Just screws over real players.
What pirate would keep DRM in the game?
The other thing too, DRM, especially if it's not made in-house, although Oobies might be
made in-house or they may be licensed, I don't know if they're licensing it from somebody
else.
But I mean, that costs these companies money too.
So if it's just going to get defeated like immediately, then you might as well just save
the money and just not have it, you know, cracked or just not have the DRM in there.
Just save whatever, at least I'm going to save myself, you know, X amount of thousands
of dollars.
Uh, D5T in chat kind of half jokes here, next gen consoles will need a pin drop of your
blood to start the game up.
Well hey, don't they already have laptops now that are like fingerprints or something?
Biometric scanner.
Yeah.
As that technology comes down, maybe not your blood, but your fingerprint, who knows?
Could you imagine that?
You had to, you have to press your fingerprint in order to start a game?
Well why don't they look at, well, I guess, I was going to say why don't they look at
how, you know, console games are doing DRM and stuff like that, you know, why don't they
look at that and try to kind of match something that they're doing there?
I don't know.
A decipher in chat reminds us, um, I think speaking of my whole little earthbound story
there, that happened with a recent release of a game.
A guy complained in the forums of a bug and it outed him as a pirate.
That was an Arkham Asylum, wasn't it?
Like there was some type of trick that Batman would, couldn't do in the copied version and
somebody went to the forums to complain about it and it, it, that's how they knew that he
pirated the game.
That's, I mean, at the same time, I mean, I kind of look at that and go, that's kind
of funny.
I mean, they're within the rights to do that.
They did the same thing with Grand Theft Auto IV.
You'd have the drunk cam on all the time if you, you know, pirate the game so your camera
would be shaking around like you're drunk.
But there was like a patch within like a week, you know, of it coming out that fixed that.
And you know, same with the Arkham Asylum stuff.
There was a patch already fixing that problem, you know, within a week or so.
And it's just not going to really matter.
Everybody's going to find a way around it no matter what you do.
So you might as well just give up because, you know, all you're doing is laying the inevitable
and wasting money.
All right, well, let's move on to one more story here before we get to the classic game
of the week.
And this has to do with what I believe will be a highly anticipated game.
Hopefully this doesn't get pirated too much though because this is some real A-list talent
behind this.
It's the folks at Platinum Games.
If I'm not mistaken, Platinum Games actually did Bayonetta recently.
Yes, they did.
They were the minds behind that.
They were developed by Devil May Cry Dude.
We had a new game announced this week.
It's from Platinum Games but the mastermind behind this is Shinji Mikami and he's the
guy behind Resident Evil.
The game looks awesome.
It's called Vanquish is the game that Loki is referring to.
Vanquish appears to be a futuristic shooter game.
I guess it takes place in San Francisco so kind of not that far from here.
I guess it's in the future and well, obviously there's not a lot known about the actual game
itself.
The trailer used a bunch of cut scenes and live action stuff.
Did you actually watch the whole debut on TV or the YouTube trailer?
I watched the trailer though.
Yeah?
What did you think?
I think it looks cool.
I'm definitely excited for it.
It looks like something that will be on the next gen consoles.
Not a Wii game.
But even their Wii game, Madworld, is pretty awesome.
Unfortunately, not a lot of people play mature games on the Wii which is really sad but really
sweet game.
I think for Platinum Games what they really should do on some of these mature titles that
they put out for the Wii is just re-release them on the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
I think that would be a great idea.
Madworld, port that sucker with high definition graphics to the 360.
It would sell like crazy.
So you don't have the motion controls in there.
Big deal.
Just use something with the right analog stick or something.
I don't know.
It would be pretty awesome.
But this new game looks really cool.
I'm looking forward to hearing a little bit more about it.
Yeah because we don't even know what platform it's on.
We can assume like Bayonetta it will be PS3 and 360 but we don't know that for sure yet.
And we don't know if it's going to be like multiplayer.
We don't know much about that yet.
But more to come soon.
I imagine this is going to be an E3 All-Star right here.
Probably.
It's going to be something you're hearing a lot about at E3.
It's called Vanquish.
So look out for that.
Obviously Bayonetta, we're huge fans of that here at OLR.
Although this is, I mean it's still the same studio but it sounds like a different branch.
So anything could happen here.
But Outlook so far looks pretty good.
I think all their Platinum games have been really good.
It's just, I don't know, unfortunately just mature games don't do well on the Wii.
That's too bad.
But this one's not going to be on the Wii right?
I hope not.
I don't think it will be.
It didn't look like it.
Based on the graphics you saw you're thinking no right?
Alright.
Alright well let's take a trip down memory lane and some of the classics we always hear
every week at OLR like take a trip and take a look at the classic video game of the week.
It's a chance for Dark Soccer to go into gaming's vault and pull out a game that she thinks
y'all should be checking this game out right now.
And just a side note, I do notice, because Jamie had a game picked out last week but
we didn't end up doing the show.
I did?
Yeah you had a game.
I don't know what I picked out.
But you changed it.
I did?
I don't remember what I picked out last week.
Do you want me to tell you or do you want to wait?
I don't have to look.
I'll look it up while you talk about this week's game.
But I fully approve of what you've picked for this week.
So tell our chatters.
It's about damn time I did this one.
It's about damn time.
This week's game is Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past.
And I would love to play the music but one of those audio difficulties I warned you about
before the show was that some things are not installed including Flash so I can't use YouTube
just yet.
Never fear though I think I have some of the ripped files here on my drive so I'll pull
those up instead.
Sorry Jamie.
Well in Japan it was called Zelda no Densetsu Kamigami no Toraifosu which was the Legend
of Zelda Triforce of the Gods.
This is arranged but still.
Anyway it was one of the ones that was very closely worked on by Miyamoto so of course
it was awesome.
Anyway this is you know it's basically Link's hanging out in Hyrule you know kicking Ganon's
ass going to the dark world and of course it's been re-released on the Game Boy Advance
and on the Virtual Console.
I just think it's so funny that like when you go into the dark world Link turns into
a bunny because it's supposed to reflect like your innermost self or something.
Yeah but I mean you had all kinds of cool attacks and you could go get the Master Sword
by running through the forest and you could swim and just one of the big things that got
me is because it had that sort of dual world aspect to it that you could often do things
in one world that would affect the other.
Like for example when you're going to the ice level in the dark world if you would have
to throw your portal like in one place and then walk to a certain place in the light
world and then use your mirror again and you would be inside the walls of the fortress.
So that was pretty cool and I really really liked just the overall play to it and this
is a game that I have gone back and just played a bajillion times over.
I mean I probably have whole sections of this game completely freaking memorized.
I was actually watching people glitching out the game today by trying to run a dash when
you call the bird with the ocarina that I think is in the DS version.
Yeah which reminds me there is a DS version and of course the Virtual Console version.
But yeah the game came out for the Super Famicom in Japan and it was released in 1991 and in
the US and Europe in 1992 and you know it was funny I'll tell you another funny thing
about this one Rob.
Is that.
Hey look what I got.
I got the real music here.
Look at that.
I'm sorry I just have to say for a minute I'm sorry Jamie I know you have more to say
but I saw it because there's a lot of controversy going on in chat right now like some people
say and I love this game so I'm saying I hate this game.
I personally well not that they hate it but it's not the best in the series.
By far my favorite Zelda game they ever put out.
Great music great gameplay I this is by far my favorite Zelda game ever.
Love it.
I love it too.
Although I do really like Ocarina but now this actually there was a little bit more
to this one.
Actually did you know that there was a comic that came out.
It was actually published in Nintendo Power and they put it out in the US too.
Do you remember that Rob?
The Zelda comic from Nintendo Power.
Very vaguely.
Here we go.
There's actually a picture from it if any of that looks familiar.
It's by the same guy who did the I think who did Howard and Esther.
Yeah I vaguely remember it.
Well at any rate there was another follow up to Link to the Past that came out in Japan
it was BS Zelda no Densetsu Kodai no Sekiban which is BS The Legend of Zelda ancient stone
tablets or stone tablets of antiquity that was one of the Satellaview games and you could
voice broadcast using the sound link.
And it was supposed to be set around the same time as Link's Awakening but you don't use
Link you play as the heroes of light.
And who they are are the Satellaview mascots who you could also see in BS Zelda no Densetsu
which I had the Satellaview one ran on like a time system and there are hacked ROMs out
there where you can play with your time counter turned off.
And then there was another version of Link to the Past that came out on Satellaview as
well.
Then of course there was Link to the Past and Four Swords there was also if I'm right
I think they actually reserved a lot of the sound effects for Ocarina of Time and Majora's
Mask so that was pretty cool.
But that is overall I'd have to say probably my favorite in this series.
Very worthy.
If no one's played this game I pity you, I pity Dafuq.
They'll get it on Virtual Console, seriously, at least.
You can actually get the cart kind of cheap too.
Just one thing to remember is it doesn't run on a battery backup so you have to be really
careful.
We still have our saved games.
I actually this is one of the games now that I'll just sit and play with the Game Genie
on just so I can just run through the whole game because I mean for me what I like to
do is I like to play through the game once without cheating and then I like to just cheat
like a mofo the second time through and just enjoy the story but even so I mean this wasn't
super super hard.
There were really difficult parts.
This is some of my favorite music in the game right here.
I love this song.
In the early palaces.
Sorry.
No, I like that music too.
I never liked the palace music from the...
This is the forest music.
One of the most amazing game soundtracks ever.
I know a lot of people think like Final Fantasies where all the music's at but this seriously
seriously Zelda's got just awesome music.
Well you know the big thing actually this it's actually showing baking through the palace.
I love the little touches in it like if you had the places that you could fall off the
cliff you can make the guys charge you and they would run off the ledge or you could
throw a pot at them and they would fall off on the ledge.
You know I thought that was great.
Or you could just throw a chicken off the ledge.
Actually you know what one of my favorite levels in this one was where you go to the
thieves village and you have to take the girl into the sunlight and she turns into blind
the thief.
That's right.
And that was and I love the this is the game that made the hookshot replace the boomerang.
Was it just me or was the hookshot the single best item in the damn game?
That and the freaking medallions?
Maybe I do remember the hookshot being pretty odd.
The bombos medallion it sets the world on fire it was fantastic but yeah this totally
totally totally totally my game.
All right there it is your classic game of the week a true classic in many respects Zelda
A Link to the Past on the Super Nintendo.
And most surprisingly Dark Sakura picked a non-sega game this week I'm very proud.
By the way Rob I do have something that I might be able to lend you if you've still
got Super Nintendo.
I don't know if I have a Super Nintendo still.
Didn't we give you the Super Nintendo?
No it was a regular Nintendo.
Oh okay.
In the midst of moving too is not a good time.
Well I mean later.
But in a month yeah.
We have two copies of Super Mario RPG.
Oh sweet sweet I need to find my copy of Super Metroid that's a game I really want to play
again.
Maybe we have another one?
I could do the Wii console thing but you know.
There's something about playing Super Metroid on the right system.
It's having the Super Nintendo controller.
It's having that same controller.
Rob you need to call in sick to work and hang out with me tonight and play some Super Metroid.
I would love to if I could but maybe now here's the great thing when I get the place when
I get my new place it's gonna be by myself I can set it all up without having without
anybody complaining or having other things so you could just come over we plug in the
system we're good to go we broadcast we can do that kind of stuff on the fly a lot easier
it's gonna be amazing.
That's what we should do.
Excited.
Anyhow that's gonna do it for this part A here tonight but we're not done yet we got
plenty more show coming part B is just around the corner and in part B tonight we're gonna
hear about a variety of different topics including game room we have a little more information
on game room a Microsoft and Capcom collaboration and you know just cuz Jamie really wanted
to talk about it tonight we have a story on Doctor Who as well so we have some Doctor
Who news coming up in part B tonight.
So we'll be and it does relate to video games yes it does although I know a lot of you nerds
like them both.
It's not Trump's is it?
No we'll talk more about that in part B by the way speaking of nerds since it isn't coming
up later in the show and shows that nerds like anyone watch Caprica by chance I know
it's free on Xbox Live and PlayStation 3 some of the early reviews I heard on it were very
good I downloaded the free version on PlayStation 3 because I think it hit that marketplace
couple days before the Xbox one you can download the pilot for free in HD so I still want to
check that out maybe I'll see if the chat has anything to say about Caprica while we
take a break tonight but for those of you on the podcast we'll be back in just a couple
seconds with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody out there and welcome back to another part B here at Orange Lounge Radio
it's episode number 353 and trying to have fun with our new mixing board and some of
our audio setup we're still trying to get you just used to some things and the podcast
listeners won't really hear this but the live listeners are hearing some interesting fluctuation
in our audio when we stop the recording so we're still trying to figure everything out
here at OLR Studios but for the most part the feedback we're getting so far is that
the soundboard sounds really good in fact I was going to get into Twitter topics a little
bit here but one of the early tweets I have here is from Blue Swim on Twitter saying at
OLR very nice soundboard hope you guys get to try it out tonight and yes we're here we're
live so I hope he's listening alright so we'll get back into some Twitter topics in just
a minute but first I thought we could get into some rapid fire news here in studio we
have a lot a lot of news to cover tonight so Loki what's on deck yes lots of Capcom
release dates including Super Street Fighter IV has been announced to be coming out in
North America on April 27th Lost Planet 2 also now on May 18th and I don't believe it
was in the article here but Monster Hunter Tri coming out April 20th as well they're
waiting to announce that because of the classic controller pro being bundled in there one
game though that is going to be not coming out soon will be No More Heroes Paradise the
kind of Xbox 360 Playstation 3 port of the Wii title that was originally supposed to
be coming out in Japan on February 25th however now it's been pushed back and no word yet
on when it's going to come out they're looking maybe at some point in April now and then
finally Red Steel 2 also right around the corner coming out March 23rd in the US and
also March 26th in Europe and that'll be available both the game by itself and bundled with Wii
Motion Plus because the game does require Wii Motion Plus but it's kind of neat and
looks pretty awesome way better than the first one which is a relief alright well I got some
news for you as well including God of War 3 I was talking about a little bit during
my gaming week watching the demo get played there it is dated March 16th is the date that
this game is coming out that's not that far away that's only like a month and a half if
that there's a lot of good games coming out in the spring this is a very weird year that
we have so many I mean usually there's a couple big games in the spring but we have a lot
I mean March 16th is just a week after Final Fantasy 13 isn't it yeah that's a huge PS3
and 360 to be fair title as well I mean this is huge there's also an ultimate edition by
the way of God of War 3 coming out there's going to be a replica Pandora's box that will
have the game in it there's also be some DLC included as well as some other collectibles
of course God of War 3 is a PS3 exclusive heavy rain is a controversial issue games
you hear about some of the nudity and heavy rain apparently I've seen some of the nudity
and haven't have any rain there yeah so it's alright I mean it's just you know just trying
to be a little bit movie ish well if you want to see it for yourself I don't know if you
get to see nudity in the demo but maybe you'll find out what this game is all about that'll
be on February 11th there will be a demo available on the PlayStation Network both in Europe
and North America that's February 11th not too far from now two chapters in the demo
one where you are the FBI agent Norman Jaden and then the other one I guess some type of
private investigator also lost planet 2 has a release date and some Gears of War characters
apparently are going to be making a cameo in the game as well that's kind of interesting
Marcus and Dom from Gears of War I'm guessing they'll be only on the 360 call it a hunch
yeah you're probably right there's some new trailers by the way on Xbox Live maybe they'll
have like may 18th by the way something like that from Uncharted or something in the ps3
one that'd be kind of neat yeah God of War that or Kratos that'd be kind of weird all
right apparently for the live folks our stream dropped while we were doing some of the reporting
right there I don't know why that happened but apparently it fixed itself I didn't have
to do anything weird I was just reading right on through the news apparently our stream
drops somewhere in there all right just another wonderful night here all right good times
hopefully just a hiccup in the cable not anything about our new software I hope anyhow let's
hope we get through the rest of the show dark soccer what do you got for us we'll make it
through the show so for more Star Trek online news since we did go into it just a little
bit in the last part they're actually doing a patch for launch day I patched it when we
were starting the show so for for the well no wonder we're dropping for you know I'm
kidding but they're already working on the first big update for the game they're not
really saying exactly what but there's gonna be more PvP exploration missions for the Klingons
and more ground-based fleet stuff as in huge ass quest like there's gonna be raids and
also also Rob they're thinking about having Q and time travel oh that's kind of cool yep
and yeah about seven of nine actually because I pre-ordered mine I'm gonna have a liberated
Borg cool I ordered my through Amazon so yeah I'll pretty much have my seven of nine just
not you know pretty um but like I was saying they're also doing rating there'll be five
man missions for max level players that will be both for Federation and Klingon and they'll
be that says will be released every few weeks starting a week after launch there's also
Federation versus Federation PvP which will be kind of interesting I guess I did I want
the mirror verse stuff to come in and you know down the line we're supposed to be getting
Cardassian and Romulan factions as well so I guess you have for the Federation then you
have Qapla you know for the Klingons sorry anyway um so yeah Darwinia is our next news
and it should be coming out on Xbox Live on February 10th and it's supposed to be free
on February 10th from what I understand and then $15 I think you have to pay for the minimum
sales I think later on if I'm reading this correctly and then another good thing is afterburner
climax will be coming to the US and actually into Europe for the spring on it says it's
going to be on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network and it's basically going to be the
full arcade port it's pretty cool now where's my planet Harrier you'll have to wait for
that I guess all right let's get into some Twitter topics although my mouth is full here
so I'm gonna have Loki answer the first one here oh actually oh here's a question from
Blue Swim and no theme music tonight guys sorry I didn't queue it up Blue Swim says
have any of you played Mercenaries 2 it's kind of like Grand Theft Auto meets Earth
Defense Force 2017 it's a ton of fun it is a very glitchy ass game yes I've played lots
of Mercenaries 2 and yeah it's horribly glitchy which is why I love it I've unfortunately
stopped playing it a long time ago though yeah I don't recommend picking it up if you
can find it used it's probably dirt cheap nowadays and yes it brings you back to driver
3 it is seriously hilarious just to watch like the computer do stupid shit TigerCloth305
on the Twitter sends us a story about a woman who loses 112 pounds links us to a story here
on Kotaku a 38 year old British woman apparently so big she didn't want to have sex with her
husband she was and I you know it's it's sad but unfortunately some of those images they
put out on TV about you know what the perfect woman looks like quote unquote you know it
causes this to happen to some people where she wasn't even wanting to it didn't even
feel comfortable enough to show her husband you know what I mean so anyway apparently
she lost 112 pounds all thanks to we fit her name is Laura Roberts and she came out and
said she went from 252 pounds down to 140 in a year and by the way though they do say
there was a dietary part of this as well and I think that's always important to know we
talk about these games that help you lose weight and everything you're not going to
magically lose weight just by playing one of these games five minutes a day you have
to make a I believe Jamie's used this term before on the show and I like it a lifestyle
adjustment yes because you have to make better choices in eating as well and you have to
you know do the game on a somewhat regular basis for a somewhat extended period of time
for this to work it just has to it's a lot of changes you know I'm even wanting to get
our DDR night started back again the tab the news of the world apparently said she ditched
the comfort eating and that added up to 4000 calories a day well of course she lost weight
yeah well and we fit just helped her probably tone it as she was losing it so it didn't
all kind of come out of one place you know well I've learned this and I've learned it
the hard way during this week and last one thing that's a big help now you know I've
had some stomach problems and I haven't been able to eat a whole lot I found out that if
you just eat until you're you're not hungry not full but not hungry because I've had to
stop there to keep myself from feeling sick I lost five pounds in a week it's just that
easy you know so she had the right idea you cut out the comfort eating you realize you
know what it is that you're doing it for and you know you can enjoy your food that's the
point but you know it is fuel first and foremost all right Ray Iannami on the Twitter sends
us a tweet death smiles will get a US localization by axis games they're the ones that make blast
blue and yes I remember that I'm on the list for last week the show that didn't happen
did I say I always say blast blue because there's no extra e well am I just wrong yes
you're wrong fine blaze blue looks like blast blue to me all right well anyhow death smiles
has five different characters apparently you explore the ice palace and it's a shmup by
the way of course you get to choose your own path and difficulty from a level of one to
three if I guess it customizes how many bullets you're gonna fight and all this save and play
back your own replays and there's online rankings and online co-op so this looks to be a pretty
robust little shmup and it's not something on Xbox Live it's a full disc release so looks
to be pretty intense and I know Ray is a big fan of the shmups so he's probably got his
eye on this one and lastly from SSJ 100 Matt on Twitter saying although his Twitter name
is Matt Osterovski and I always mispronounce his last name sorry Courtney love now says
that Kurt Cobain would have liked Guitar Hero 5 bitch be trippin she must have been paid
off wouldn't yeah apparently wouldn't she gonna sue him and now she says he would have
been cool with it this is by the way to the UK's NME magazine she says what pisses me
off the most about it is I think Kurt would have been fine with having five Kurt Cobains
singing the Spice Girls song wannabe like tell me what you want what you really really
want I think you'd find that really funny but at the same time it's gross what they
did Gwen Stefani started the lawsuit I have really good lawyers now will join that lawsuit
there was this gray area and they fucked a lot of us they didn't fuck Jack White but
they fuck Gwen fuck Johnny Cash and fuck Kurt it's just gross oh that's that's that's a
pretty impressive tracker there it's just gross this is a rock and roll business is
what people do they are sleazy they do sleazy things interesting I the quote I really pull
from this there was this gray area and if you go way back to when we first covered these
stories they didn't read the contract they were signed in and they probably had that
whole thing misrepresented there was fault on both sides one side didn't read it the
other side didn't represent it accurately I bet you that's what it is there's always
three sides to every star story your side my side and the truth so anyhow let's get
back into some other gaming news Loki what you got for us well I got some more information
regarding the Microsoft game room this is not really a big surprise to me but apparently
your classic Xbox Live arcade games won't work with the game room so for example if
you bought Frogger or you know even some of the Konami games that they had on there like
time pilot and whatnot you will not be able to play those games in game room you'll have
to purchase them again and mainly they're saying that some of those you know were revamped
versions on you know Xbox Live and honestly I think some of them weren't but you know
they're just probably they have licensing and the revamps like especially when you look
at some of those Konami games like Frogger and stuff new graphics that's it like some
some redone sprites there are more colors and stuff that's really it it's a little
shady but we kind of knew it was coming you know what I mean we kind of knew it was coming
that there was you know not gonna be or that you were gonna get screwed you'd have to buy
all these things over again I mean this isn't a surprise it's disappointing but whatever
I know you know they're gonna come out and say you know a because of the redone stuff
and these separate achievements and the leaderboards that are unique to the games and the fact
that in game room you can play them on the PC if you pay a certain amount and that I'm
sure they have reasons up the yin yang but just in the end you know you do feel a little
bit disappointed but at the same time did Nintendo let you download something on Virtual
Console for free just because you own the cart no so no surprise yeah but I mean this
is like the same you know online service it's just I don't I I I've bought a lot of those
earlier because I do love classic games and I bought a lot of I bought like Russian attack
I bought all these games I barely even were familiar with and I'll if I want them in game
room I'll probably have to buy them again but I'm just not going to on principle yeah
and that's that's where I stand I'll buy some of these like the Atari mate well I don't
even know because some of those Atari games I have to but depending on what game room
will give me with these classic games you know if there are things like robust leaderboards
and medals and things I might consider spying some of those really really good Activision
games that I would play over and over again like the original pitfall I still love that
game and would play that a lot I would they need to fix the d-pad that's really what that's
why I plan on buying everything on the computer too because it's the whole laptop and with
me on the go and everything so cuz it's a d-pad Microsoft come on it would be nice make
a revision to your controller maybe 3 surprise who knows they did it for a little bit in
Europe they release that green FIFA controller they're like we're done with it was a limited
time Brad from pop culture in our chat room chat dot orange on twitter.com asks sky what
if they were to do some sort of bundle a discount for the XBL and game room at the same time
I'd be all for it I guess but the problem is is that I already bought the Xbox Live
version so I don't know if I would get access to the bundle I don't know if you mean like
maybe like a discounted game room game because I have the Xbox Live version of course I would
like that idea a lot but it's not gonna happen but I will refuse on principle I am not rebuying
Frogger I'm not rebuying joust I'm not rebuying anything that I already have on Xbox Live
Arcade which is quite a bit so Konami probably won't be buying much of your stuff unless
you really dig deep you have to put out like time pilot 83 some of these things that you
miss the first time and the other thing too about game room that they announced too is
that it's not going to be including any T or M rated content it's gonna be e10 plus
only so you know one of the games that they're talking about no death race 2000 unfortunately
oh that's right because I was rated really there I don't think there was that many T
and M rated game will be well hell most of the games weren't even rated back then I think
so actually all the games weren't rated back do they all have to be rerated they have to
be not even rerated they have to be rated for the first time well you know what I mean
though or do they just kind of roll up into game I don't know I don't know unless they
came out like the 90s and stuff where they finally started doing that well here's the
thing and a lot of people are saying oh this means no Mortal Kombat or Smash TV or dah
dah dah and I'm thinking you guys are thinking too new like I don't I think game room is
for really old stuff like you got to go back before the NES like you look at that initial
list of games that's coming out they are all really old games like Atari 2600 Intellivision
and arcade games of that era I think if you're sitting there going oh this means no Smash
TV you're thinking too new believe it or not I mean I know that sounds really weird to
say because Smash TV is probably a good 18 years old of a game right now maybe maybe
even 20 years old I think the games you're going to be seeing in game room are like 25
years or more old like before the great video game crash of 84 we'll see though I could
be wrong and who knows as you know game rooms supposedly going to deliver a thousand games
although I think there's going to be certain fudging of that number I think they'll give
us a thousand games but that means Crystal Castles on the Atari Crystal Castles in the
arcade Crystal Castles on the television Crystal Ca- there'll be ways they mess with that just
you see game guru says games before the NES kind of sucked um no there were a lot of great
games back in the day it's just by today's standards the short attention span that today's
gamers have I don't think would appreciate a lot of those old games from the past like
a very very simple game like kaboom roll the paddle back and forth collect bombs that fall
disgustingly simple game I bet most people that grew up on today's games would play for
about five seconds and go boring I could sit there and play kaboom for a while I mean it's
just you just have to kind of think about games differently arcade games were just different
back then they were they were one trick ponies look at the game the games that they released
on the Atari 2600 boxing freeway drag race you know they were very like one name things
so it was just different amiga 777 asked was tempest really fun yeah it was actually it
was a great shooter I think it's still really fun today especially tempest 2000 it's great
tempest 2000 is the shit anyway all right let's move on uh sorry uh some other gaming
news trying not to focus on the past too much here whoops uh monster hunter frontier this
is a new game between capcom and microsoft it's going to be coming out on the xbox 360
here's the deal apparently it's a port of a pc mmo that's right it's an mmo coming to
the 360 a monster hunter there is a little trailer that was released and capcom put out
a few details this week apparently the way the subscription plan will work you get what's
called a hunter life course coupon for about 15 bucks and you get access to the game for
30 days and you get an xbox live gold subscription with that for that month kind of interesting
yeah how much is xbox live a month anyway it's five bucks is it yeah so interesting
i wonder if you could buy like for those of us that bought xbox live for a year what happens
if you just want to buy like a few months of uh this game so let's keep adding it to
your year because you can store up to like five years worth of live well that's a little
ridiculous and also just a forewarning it's really hard to cancel once you've put your
credit card in there to pay it auto renews by the way yes it does and it's a pain in
the ass and you have to call them up and then they give you because i was paying for some
of our other co-workers you know just to have their accounts going and uh now they've left
kind of hard to get rid of the account especially when i'm paying for it all right uh reading
some comments from chat there's still some comments from the last story uh going on here
about game room vid power says i discovered the joys of atari 2600 when a friend brought
over his system a few years ago that's awesome oh man that'd be so much fun to just whip
out the atari 2600 and play that for a few hours uh game guru says i mean there were
some good games from before the crash but most were already ported to the xbox live
arcade for the most part i think there's still some good ones out there uh salacious pop
and chat says uh when the 2600 came out people were omg-ing that they could alter what happened
on their tv screen they moved the paddle and the dot moved very true why do you think those
pong they had machines that were only pong it was pong for your tv and that was it that
was like before the odyssey which was before the 2600 and those things still sold because
exactly right people were ooh-ing and ah-ing because they controlled what was on the screen
and that was really a first think about it television before that you don't control what's
on the screen besides you know changing the channel which doesn't really count so anyhow
sorry for the tangent there but those are some good comments around the room from chat
what's the tangent what's the show if there's no tangent what is the show without a tangent
how about doctor who speaking of tangents well um bbc um is uh pretty interested in
doing video games um for after the doctor who relaunched and they want to do um ones
that are complementary to each other instead of competition so i guess it's going to be
episodic that's how i would translate that or have uh you know things that go from one
to the other like transferable content um but they're saying that their ideas um involve
quote boxed product console games virtual worlds and other experiences so who knows
maybe we'll get a doctor who mmo but all the time lords are dead random question out of
the blue um wasn't there like a doctor who game on the dfs that was kind of it was top
trumps huh top trumps is like playing war with cards only you pick a stat and then the
other person picks a stat and whichever stat wins you take that card so sort of you play
kind of for anti but not interesting so it wasn't a very robust kind of game but i was
just thinking a fun way to pass time i'm hearing this story and i'm thinking well there was
a doctor who game but it sounds like it wasn't very dr hooey buddy rob overseas sent me yeah
that's what i thought i seem to remember you got a copy of it from an overseas listener
and we're playing it yeah no don't get me wrong i liked it it was pretty fun even though
it had martha all over it and i don't like martha but um season three doctor who just
was really weak to me but um i it was a fun game it's just it wasn't like super engaging
is what i'm saying it's not depth of story or anything that adds to you know to the the
universe uh decipher in chat says an mmo would suck everyone's a time lord time traveling
would be hectic and uh sj100 matt wins the chat by saying president cat is a time lord
president cat is a time lord that would be actually that would be the sequel to president
cat that would be the sequel to president cat time lord cat or lord cat instead of president
cat queen cat or something i don't forget it and for the record to tell our dear friend
brad from pod culture in the chat room martha was so she didn't get good until she was off
of the show i'll put it that way as a character she didn't get good until she was off of the
show she was this silly little girl with a crush and yeah she's smart she really couldn't
think her way out of the paper bag when it came to common sense sorry but it's all about
donna loud obnoxious and smarter than she thinks no and i'm not going to go into the
whole rose doctor fandom i was gonna say i'm sitting here going okay i don't know much
about dr who but i seem to recall rose was a big you were a big fan of rose rose eventually
though became for me the the little touch of mary sue i want to say you know you know
what a mary sue is right okay she took on a little bit too many of this not not to say
not to say that she was a bad character i loved her she was very well fleshed out she
and the doctor were believable together but there were certain elements that just seemed
like an okay we're doing this for the fans but even so rose was still amazing but i still
think that donna well my favorite of all the companions is um sarah jane to this day even
back to her old episodes including the badly written arc in space with the bubble wrap
larva creatures they really they made the creatures out of green bar uh bubble wrap
i low budget doctor who no it's what little i've seen of it i've liked i just haven't
committed the time to sit down and watch more episodes don donna is fantastic amazing especially
as dr donna all right back to video games loki so you may remember we talked about this
a few weeks ago that detail was pissed off at microsoft for locking out their third-party
memory cards which kind of sucks because microsoft memory cards are only like half a meg or not
even half a half a gig and um they really they're like 49.99 you mean for that price
you might as well just buy a hard drive because it's going to cost you about you know 50 bucks
more but you get you know like 40 times the space anyways so now um microsoft has registered
a motion to dismiss the antitrust lawsuit which was filed by daytail and um basically
they're citing that you know other um rivals like apple for example have a lockout on different
things for their systems for example can't run osx on computers not made by apple um
so why should you be able to you know use non-microsoft memory cards on your xbox i
think it's a little different but whatever um they're also claiming though that they
don't want to kind of um undermine the quality of the user experience on xbox live by allowing
data to release uh cheat enabling memory cards but from what i remember i don't think the
memory cards that they had were cheat enabling it was basically just allowing you to run
more space or you know have more space on there like instead of having a half a gig
memory card you have an eight gig memory card which is way cheaper um so i don't know if
it's really the same thing but yeah i can understand where detail you know they do release
a lot of their cheat devices and stuff for different consoles i don't think it's fair
it's an interesting comparison but what do you think is ultimately going to happen do
you think uh microsoft's got a point or do you think uh details gonna win i don't think
detail is gonna win because it's i think it's you know it's their system but then again
you know they don't they may they should i think that they should allow them to maybe
manufacture third-party hard drives or something like that because you know as far as their
storage goes they're really limited on what they allow other vendors to do it's basically
just you know either wired controllers or actually i think that's about it is all that
they have is wired controllers out there um you know storage is all first party you know
the network adapters i guess those can be anybody since that just plugs into the ethernet
port there's nothing really locking that out but um you know storage is a big thing and
i think they're way overcharging on their storage because you can buy hard drives that
fit in those actual cases because it all really is a laptop drive inside a fancy little case
that's about it and i mean the laptop drives are a lot cheaper than what they're selling
them for so you know that is kind of a ripoff but in the in the end it's their system i
guess so they can decide what they want to do with it there are ways around everything
but i don't know all right i'm surprised detail didn't find a way to kind of hack those things
but i guess it's not possible with hardware they tried i think but um yeah it's kind of
hard to do that with a memory card but can you imagine though if you could make a memory
card the size of one of those hard drives that'd be awesome all right let's move on
to some other news involving microsoft and it is the indie games uh indie games uh some
of the sales figures for 2009 were released and the best selling game xbox live indie
game was i made a game with zombies in it with all the elite speak in the title was
the best selling indie game last year um apparently uh it sold 160 000 units at one dollar each
that means 112 000 for ska studios that made the game not bad but uh unfortunately that's
just kind of one success story out of a lot a lot of games that are released which uh
i don't know i'm not here i haven't heard a whole lot about how those games are selling
there but i know it's very hard to kind of get featured in there and everything um there
is actually a more more uh full list of data here apparently uh rumble massage was the
sixth best selling game that just basically turned your thing into a massager let's see
what were some of the other big uh selling games of the year um avatar drop sold 117
000 with 433 000 doing a trial that was a dollar uh let's see number 15 the impossible
game moved 31 000 copies so that's at number 15 aquarium hd was number 10 24 000 copies
172 000 trials interesting sorry guys snake 3d or snake 360 is nowhere to be found is
a meyer dig deep on there uh no neither's neither's revenge of the ball oh no minor
dig deep is there sorry number five it just doesn't have actual figures but yeah that's
a pretty good game yeah it's addictive so there you go if you haven't checked out any
games go go download there's so much there's some good stuff i think they really under
advertise it i mean there's a ton of stuff on there and it's really hard to sort through
it because of the new interface which was supposed to be a good thing and i don't like
it so anyhow uh i think this is the part of the show where we're gonna get into some emails
although i don't know if we really have a lot of emails i think i heard there was one
left over from last week that never got read i had remember i had to um delete all the
spam and i think i got rid of some of them whoops so if someone um sent us email just
uh resend it to to me and i'll redo it all right so we don't have email this week yet
wow well i'll play the music and then end it because we have no emails so send us your
emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com obviously if you send them tonight you're
too late but do give us some emails for next week we'll be happy to take your questions
and uh hopefully after the oopsies and whoops of the past couple weeks we can get back on
track with some more listener interaction um so maybe the lack of emails uh due to spammers
necessitates an f you f the spammers i hate spammers they hit our website too but i've
gotten creative like they keep spamming this thing on the forum about how to turn sub video
on your ipod all this crap what i did is i put in a custom filter that turns the name
of the program into this program fucking sucks so every time they uh put a spam post it just
puts a link to this program fucking sucks so and i'm going to continue to do that for
all the programs that they spam on the board because it's funny even if it doesn't get
them to stop it's really funny that they're taking all this effort to announce to the
world that their program and they always use like names like i'm a stupid spammer oh yeah
i did that too oh sorry yeah i change i put in custom filters and say punch me i'm a stupid
spammer i'm like if you have okay i thought they were doing that i was like no why would
you do that no i see but it's funny that people are thinking that if you can't beat them fuck
with them you should just change all the words that they use like like hot dog and like stuff
they just make it weird well i can't change a lot like i can't change ipod because maybe
people on the olr forums want to have a legitimate discussion about ipod but this shut up but
this particular company ain't no one give a shit about them so i'm just going to change
it too and you know i think i think the language is how to convert video i think i that whole
if you use those words just like that it changes to punch me i'm a fucking spammer or something
like that it's great oh i like that idea um somebody changed their name to this program
fucking sucks in chat change them all to breastler quotes i'm gonna do that the next okay you
got it the next one i see i'm gonna change it to say guy guy guy guy guy guy guy and
then the best the best the best i'll do it i'll do it you wait in fact oh man spammers
hit our forums right now so i can mess with you guys even more hey f us
or soccer i want to start us off tonight um i being busy f you to be busy that's about
it loki fe adobe programs are being too complicated i mean seriously an adobe premiere to try
to render something so that it actually plays back correctly is like pulling out my hair
i mean i understand that they want to be flexible with what kind of options and stuff but when
i try to render a video and like the audio is all lagged out and or it's like at the
wrong resolution or it's just like an audio file i'm like god damn it just have a button
where i click it and it okay look windows media file done you know select the resolution
done you know i have a program that converts um you know different video files for use
with my uh playstation 3 so you know that one they either have you know the uber you
know okay i just all the settings type stuff or you can just do the stupid simple i want
it to look good i want it to have good sound you just select you know good very good excellent
you know that type of stuff so why they can't do that is beyond me i have to actually cut
you know create my own custom settings and save that profile so that i have to actually
have one that works really frustrated and i know auditions the same way because it's
hard photoshop good did you say photoshop sucked earlier in the show no i said photoshop's
good i said photoshop on the iphone probably okay sorry uh let's see my fu of the week
goes to actually you know for a lot of things are going very very well for me so i can't
complain but just fu to that chaos feeling that and like uncertainty like you know things
are changing but you don't know how they're changing and just the whole process of moving
i hate packing and having to throw away things i don't need the fact that i'm having to downsize
from a house to an apartment again sucks but i'll get through it i always do all right
couple more stories for you guys and then the skype line and hopefully very few audio
problems tonight but we'll see what happens uh low-key what you got for us uh let's see
what we've got um it's funny the last story um it's actually a new game coming to the
nintendo we it's uh from mist walker and um apparently the uh other game that we we talked
about this earlier this is on that list of titles that were like to be announced and
whatnot um xenoblade was the other one that's actually a game coming from um the company
let's see here oh it's actually the localized name for uh mondan was it monado uh beginning
of the world which is an rpg from monolith soft and then of course the last story is
an rpg um game being developed by mist walker and uh they didn't really say what it is but
it's a new new form of rpg they're calling it so whatever the hell that's supposed to
mean um and yeah and then the other thing of course metroid uh other m you know it's
supposed to be coming out summer 2010 in japan and what do all these have in common all of
them have teaser sites now on nintendo's japanese website so you can go check those out as well
um so that's kind of neat so obviously they're coming relatively soon if they have their
own teaser site all right there's been a lot of nintendo news tonight it's all kind of
tying it together i guess so i think i don't know i think nintendo's trying to put the
cards together to really try to wow us again at e3 this year but i just on their hardware
i don't know but mist walker had some pretty good rpgs at least lost odyssey blue dragon
was kind of for me i mean it wasn't great but i know jamie really enjoyed it so i guess
they got some people with it anyhow i have one more story for you guys then we're going
to open up the skype line this has to do with steam and some of the growth that steam had
in the year 2009 apparently 25 million users now on steam that's a 205 jump over the year
and year sales and i wonder if this takes into account some of the uh christmas sales
because they were having some obscene sales at the end of the year there um and valve
put out a press release earlier in the week just talking about how great their 2009 was
uh more than 25 new accounts meaning they're up to 25 million uh 10 million of those actually
using profiles on steam over a thousand games available on the service 100 different developers
um just crazy five years i guess the service is being being used now uh they hit their
peak in december 2.5 million concurrent users probably thanks to modern warfare 2 and left
for dead 2 uh monthly average player minutes 13 billion so uh those saying the digital
distribution didn't have a chance yeah uh steam's proving a lot of those wrong and i
think again it's a lot of those just obscene uh sales that they have on steam that really
kind of pushes that up to the top and the fact that valves you know pretty uh respectable
name in gaming you know the half-life games of course and you know portal and and team
fortress and all that and all this that good stuff that was in the orange box you know
and the fact that that software came with those games which were big pc games so i would
be curious though i know this isn't going to really involve digital distribution on
a wide scale but i'm curious how the new blizzard net software is gonna i don't want to say
necessarily compete with steam but kind of like put a chunk in that whole concurrent
users and stuff because you know let's face it i realize steam might have a hundred different
developers but blizzard is like they're like kings of pc development between wow diablo
starcraft it's kind of hard to ignore the fact that blizzard is a behemoth and it's
going to be interesting they're a three trick pony happen yeah it's good well well apparently
they're working on a new ip that we don't know about yet four trick pony it's going
to be interesting to see you know what happens well has blizzard made a bad game yes chirp
chirp chirp maybe the viking game but even that was kind of neat so i don't know we'll
see well i'm just kind of yeah i think in the end they're not really competition because
i don't see blizzard really selling all these different types of games but blizzard net
they already digitally distribute their own games and that's not to be ignored that's
a huge chunk of pc market right there so uh isam says and digital distribution is tax
free as no physical materials exchanging hands to boot crazy i don't know if you guys done
your taxes though but you know on the tax thing you're supposed to report anything you
bought that was out of state to uh yeah i don't think so yeah right yeah prove they
bought it out of state i would you know i think if maybe i bought a car out of state
or like major purchases i'd probably report those because you know that's the ethical
thing to do and i don't want to get caught but like 20 bucks on a game i can't keep track
of that throughout the year come on if you want to charge me taxes on it you need to
do it at the point of sale like some other states do so all right and by the way some
folks in chat saying uh lost vikings is good rock and roll racing for this nest was by
blizzard that was from vid power and gang guru and rob d says hey if that was the only
one that wasn't a good game uh blizzard's in good shape i agree there you go so uh all
right you guys ready to get to the skype line at uh one eight seven seven game olr our username
on skype is orange lounge radio again i don't know how this is going to work tonight i'm
hoping the audio program uh audio problems are okay we don't have a lot of them our phone
call with bobby went okay so hopefully skype goes okay too we have a call on the line hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this hi this is ray hi ray how are you doing i'm all
right what's on your mind tonight i've been meaning to call about this for a few weeks
now but haven't been able to because missed episodes because you know yeah yeah anyways
we had some drama what's up um dg max technical platinum crew service is finally online like
internationally not just in a few countries that's right because you can download it now
on uh the psn right uh no i'm talking about the server the online service for arcade dg
max technical machines oh oh okay okay gotcha yeah so for those who haven't heard of it
it's kind of like konami's emu system only it actually happened outside of japan and
what it what you can do is like go to the special mode where you can do these missions
to unlock new charts and songs there's also some like special super hard charts you can
try as well as some courses you can do where you can compete for the best score and then
when you go online on your pc or your iphone or whatever you can check your scores and
whatnot um is this really taken off in arcades though because you know it would seem like
this is kind of an expensive thing for arcades to set up are they actually kind of welcoming
of this um so far i think so like when like the first week i was there like there are
pretty huge lines for the technical machine like at sanibel golf fund like as many as
10 to 15 people wasn't it really in mind i can understand like the excitement for it
and such um okay well i i just i don't know i just think about like arcades and it's unfortunate
because i think about i haven't really been to an arcade myself in a long time and i'm
a pretty hardcore gamer and it's i i hope there's more interesting things like this
that bring me back i i almost wonder if our local arcade has this all set up it's kind
of sad how arcades outside japan are doing i mean there i believe a number of factors
and it's like for example arcades on maintaining their machines or american arcade developers
not taking the arcade scene seriously like choosing to make novelty games rather than
games that you can play for quite a while like rostral for example a lot of their games
are the kind of games that you would play just from novelty like a few times not really
take seriously hmm well uh speaking of which um of this whole dj max thing um because i
i referenced this a minute ago but now it's available on playstation network you know
to download right to your psp what do you think that would be dj max fever and i've
heard they fix a few things but i'm still like i'm not still like getting it because
there's one annoying feature that they didn't take out that would have made me buy it and
that's the author correct feature hmm uh i'm looking in chat ssj100 man on our chat says
uh they had this whole system set up at eight on the break that's that popular arcade in
jersey and it was an hour wait to play yeah that sounds like wow spiggle too wow i should
check and see if uh the roseville golf land here got it i don't even know i haven't been
there in six months kind of too bad well all right well uh ray is there anything else you
want to um ask us about tonight yeah not the moment all right well thanks for calling and
giving us the update it's it's it's good to know what's going on in the arcades because
it's some sad irony that uh loki myself and dark sakura all met at an arcade yet we hardly
ever go anymore yeah unfortunate i brought the arcade home uh main cabinet loki unfortunately
a lot of people did that's the problem a lot of people brought the arcade home i mean street
fighter 4 hello arcade and oh home hey all right ray you take care buddy yes sir speaking
which i actually bought some stuff to upgrade my arcade cabinet at home i bought a new uh
g force graphics card because now i'm gonna because i before i had what they call an arcade
vga card it's basically a hacked ati card that's pretty old um with some different drivers
and stuff but you can do the same uh 15 you know drivers hey be quiet loki's talking um
to output to the arcade monitor with uh software and you can run any card with that so now
i can run you know hopefully uh since uh man alive here blaze blues uh continuum shift
uh leaked to the internet i'm gonna run that on my um cabinet too clearly we have a caller
on the line hi who's there uh legend is aku hi zaku how are you doing yeah i just want
to say congratulate you on the new year i managed to make a good uh almost like what
almost like eight years and running so far yeah we're now into the we're now we've now
spanned to get two decades this show yeah we started much what was the first show 2002
june 23rd of 02 right oh you're close you're close to an eight-year anniversary show uh
don't remind me well what's on your mind uh nothing much just wanted to let me see the
truth of the matter is uh you heard about the ipad right and how some of them are just
like wait wait wait wait what's an ipad no i'm kidding i'm sorry yeah yes we heard about
the ipad i mean the way i see it right now i don't know i don't know why they had to
make the the ipod i mean the ipod touch or iphone much bigger i guess it's because apple's
trying to try to make itself relevant against the ds and the psp trying to carve itself
an itch in that in that gaming market when it's like a johnny come lately right now uh-huh
i mean i don't know some of them were just saying the other day that it might actually
be a game for sony actually picked this one up on kotaku earlier today where the the ipad
itself would actually increase do you type with your fists like the clacking of the keys
is so loud it's my mac all right oh okay that explains it all right never mind okay that
explains it is it just me it sounds like he's beating the keyboard with his fist but let's
like they have because these are the chicklet uh keys they look exactly like that but let
me see uh yeah sony's please as much with apple's ipad something along that lines let's
see you see nintendo basically uh you know a lot basically panning the the ipad i don't
know when you joined the show we covered that in part a towards the top of the show yeah
we talked about a wada base basically saying what the rest of us were thinking that the
ipad is basically uh several eye touches glued together well it's basically the point where
steve jobs literally jumped the shark and just trying to go after going trying to go
after everything when he's not you know i mean i can understand that the i the iphone
and the ipod touch managed to build itself up to a gaming platform even though it was
never its true intention well here's the thing here's the thing the ipad only needed like
a couple of really great things and i think very clearly distinguishable things from the
iphone that would have made people jump all over it and i think one of them is if they
put a camera in the front of it so you could video conference from anywhere i think a lot
of people would have ate that shit up right away i think that would have been amazing
and i think the other thing is multitasking i mean they go out and say yippee skippy we've
got a gigahert processor in here but uh you can't really surf the web and that was a disappointment
yeah the only thing it's the only thing it is just a an oversized uh an oversized iphone
minus the the you know the voice sorry i like this comment from chat decipher says did jobs
give a thumbs up and say hey while jumping over this edge shark we'll imagine that he
did um since i know you're big on like the mobile gaming and everything do you think
the gaming is going to take off on this platform i mean we already heard about how it's going
to be able to play all the existing iphone games but you blow them up to scale or whatever
it should be backwards compatible with the you know the other ones but then you have
to realize some other you saw you saw that actual you know the day they actually revealed
the ipad and he had like uh i think it was game loft that had the first person shooter
tech demo that they had up there and it looked it looked pretty damn good for for something
that you know something that small but zack do you think there's going to be a lot of
people that are that excited about the ipad where developers are going to be jumping to
the bit to develop it depends on how much of an install base we're talking about with
the ipad whether or not the ipad itself would would have the same numbers as the ipod touching
the iphone if there's a huge install base and that's a that's a pretty big market to
actually you know make games on and the other thing is developers have to take advantage
of the platform completely they can't just like glue they can't just mickey mouse their
way onto the onto like um you know onto that platform when you know shitty titles they
have to really find a way to to exploit the to exploit the the platform's potential you
know there's a lot of strengths in that platform in terms of you know multi-touch in in the
accelerometer so surely they could think of something that could utilize both if not all
the aspects of the the device you know i think though it's important to remember that apple
loves to reinvent their shit and i think honestly i think in a year's time i think the ipad's
going to get a lot better let's not forget good god he's like he's shooting a gun at
his keyboard um it sounds like whack-a-mole it does it sounds like you have a chuck-e-cheese
there alright and here's the thing i think in a year's time when that thing is redeveloped
it's gonna be great because let's not forget the iphone did not have the app store when
it first launched right and that was and that was like several months and that was basically
steve jobs coming to a census and realizing that you can't just have a you can't just
have everything web-based when that whole web-based platform is basically it's a bottleneck
all right it's not it's not it's not a robust solution for what you could actually do natively
All right, Zaku, we're gonna let you go so you can go play more whack-a-mole, but thanks for the call, okay?
All right, have a good one.
Type a little bit more for us so we can hear it a little more.
Bye, Zaku.
We need to have like a loudest keyboard competition here at Orange Lounge Radio in honor of the new soundboard helping us with alleviating the Jamie typing during the show noises.
We need to have a loudest keyboard competition.
I don't type that loudly.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Brad from Pod Culture.
Hey, Brad from Pod Culture. Wait, hold that thought for a minute. You're right, Jamie. You don't type with your fists, but you have to admit.
Okay, Brad, what's up? How you doing?
I'm doing fine, guys.
What's on your mind?
Star Trek Online, man.
Oh, Star Trek Online. I know you've been all over this game. Congratulations on having a computer good enough to play it, for starters.
The computer itself isn't that old, or isn't that high-end.
A lot of RAM and a video card that was donated to us.
It's the video card. The video card is so key, I think, for this game, and well, any game, really.
But tell us a little bit about your experiences with Star Trek Online. How's it been going for you?
When I can log in, it's great.
I guess with the beta and stuff, I've had some problems at first logging in and staying in, and then they had one huge, almost a gig patch that seemed to smooth everything out.
That took forever, didn't it?
No, kidding.
Also, were you there for when the beta closed?
Oh, yeah. I was on the Starbase getting my ass kicked by Borg.
Okay, so how cool was it?
It was ridiculously cool, because it was hopeless. There's nothing you could do to win.
Did the Borg come out and say, you will die?
When you hear the Borg, though, you actually hear the big mass voice of them talking. It's pretty cool.
Yeah, the first training mission with the older Borg was pretty damn cool.
So that's how they ended the beta? They just had a big Borg invasion?
Yep.
Oh, it was Borg clinging on every damn race attack, and it was awesome.
Nice. That sounds very Ragnarok of the developers to do.
It was kind of a geek Ragnarok, yeah.
In Ragnarok, they used to just do random raids on the town by all the critters.
So, did you go ahead and remake your character?
Oh, yeah.
I'm doing that tonight.
I'm almost back to where I was.
Oh my gosh, that's impressive.
I'm totally going to have a character permanently living on DS9. I don't care.
During the beta, I flew my ship out there, and it looks pretty damn slick.
No quirk!
It's, what, 38 years or something like that?
He still needs to make money.
He's got his own moon now, and his brother's the Nagus.
You've got to wait for the expansion. There's going to be an inevitable expansion pack, and that's where the fan service will really start getting delivered.
They'll put Khan. You'll be able to fight Khan or something.
No, he's probably long since... He died, Rob!
This is Star Trek Online in the alternate universe, though?
No.
It takes place from that point, the big event where the two universes split, it goes forward from our prime timeline forward.
Now I've gone cross-eyed.
It'll do that. I will say, this is the first game that's actually got me to play an MMO.
I quit World of Warcraft for this.
Well, this is better. It's Star Trek.
Except I totally, totally hate the targeting system.
More like ship navigation in combat. Or the fact that having never really played much in PC gaming, period, if I just suck, which I do.
No, it's not you. It's just the control, and the walking controls are oversensitive.
A little bit, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it's really easy to run into a wall.
Well, Brad, I hope you have a lot of fun on Star Trek Online. I know there's been talk about an OLR fleet, but since I'm not really playing the game until I get a better computer, that's gonna be all Jamie to put together.
Her OLRian race and all that, so Jamie, you're gonna have to get on the forums and tell people how to join up with you.
Screw that, I'm playing a trill.
Whatever.
Well, he did say join up.
I tried to make a couple of OLRians. They're not very orange, although I did make a really cool chick.
I'll tell you what, I'll put up some of my experimental pictures in the chatroom of some of the things that I've made, because I saved screen caps, and, you know, people, this is what I want you to do.
If anyone wants to contribute to the OLRians, I want pictures of your creation screen with the face dimensions, with what you've done to make one.
Okay, there you go.
Hopefully we'll get some forum chat. Brad, I hope you have a lot of fun with Star Trek Online. Hopefully I'll be joining you in a few months.
I want to ask you real quick, though, because I know you're a big fan of this, too, and one of your other shows is about Dollhouse.
If I'm not mistaken, Dollhouse had its final episode this past week. How was it?
It was a different kind of episode. It was almost a sequel to the season one ender, Epitaph One, and it was pretty good. It was pretty good overall.
It's one of those things that you could tell that they had a rush. The last few episodes, actually, they crammed like two seasons' worth into four episodes.
That's too bad. Any word about what Joss Whedon is up to next, besides directing an episode of Glee, apparently?
Well, apparently he's got battered wife syndrome or something because he's in talks with FX, which is pretty much Fox, about doing something.
And then, of course, there's always Dr. Horrible, too.
Oh, Dr. Horrible, too. Excellent, excellent. All right, well, Brad, we're going to let you go, but thanks so much for your call, okay?
All righty, guys. Have fun, and the new board is sounding really good.
Thank you so much. We're happy to have it. Now, if only we could get all the computer stuff side-fixed, but we'll get it.
All right, later, Brad.
Later, guys.
Podculture.net if you want to hear more of Brad and his sci-fi geekdom. And if you liked our little Doctor Who talk earlier, or I should say Dark Soccer's little Doctor Who talk earlier, that's Brad's show.
That's where they live there. They'll debate whether Tenth Doctor was better or Fourth Doctor was better. They'll debate that all day long.
By the way, one thing to mention, if anyone else is playing Star Trek Online, you can add me to your friends list. I'm in there as Dark Sakura with the space in between the two on the Star Trek Online page.
All right, we got another call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Good evening, you across the ocean.
How are you, my friend?
This is Aguerefer, as well as new, well, new listeners. What the fuck? I will help.
Oh, well. Anyway, good evening.
Good evening.
Or good morning, if you are to be incorrect or something on these parts, since actually it's like, yeah, it's like half past five.
It's five in the morning where you are?
Yeah, it's 5.35.
Easy. I feel so bad we weren't able to do the early show, but, you know, shit happens. What can we do?
No, no, no. The thing is that, well, yeah, I was almost about to actually miss it since I was about to go, I was just shaking around, and then I found, oh, yeah, this whole show is like now, but I haven't slept that much, so, oh, well, what the hell? I'll see if it happens, but it didn't, so, well.
Well, what's on your mind tonight, Aguerefer?
Well, Mass Effect 2 is an awesome game.
Of course. We haven't mentioned anything about Mass Effect 2, but that was a huge release this week. I know it's been getting a lot of, like, especially folks that just loved the first one are all about this game. Tell us a little bit about your experience with Mass Effect 2.
I've, well, I, well, what can I say? I'm an impatient fuck, so to say. I should really be, like, and I'm, and I'm, like, in a kind of way, almost, but still not doing that since, well, the whole story is that I got the, cracked the, got the pirated version of it, and played it all through, and now, and,
then I tried to install my retail copy, and my retail copy will not work for some strange reason.
But, here's the other thing, is that, well, since I'm still running the Windows 7 beta, which runs out of time pretty soon, I'm not that, it doesn't annoy me that much, so to say.
Well, how is Mass Effect, because I'm not as up and up on Mass Effect. I watched a friend play it once for a little while, and, you know, obviously I've heard it's a BioWare RPG, it's awesome.
How does it, what are some of the differences between 1 and 2, or is it really just, like, a continuation of one story?
No, no, the whole really difference between Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 1 is really, the combat is way much better. Way, way much better, since, well, it annoys me really at first, because, well, I'm not, because basically they, I felt like they turned, like, Mass Effect into Gears of War.
Which is, well, you run for cover, and, well, you shoot from cover, and that was a mechanic that I didn't at first like, really, at all.
But, well, after a while I got used to it, and then I've just been reminded, yeah, what's the difference between this and Gears of War? Well, here you actually have a health bar, or shield meters, and you can actually rush people, kill them up front, and in Mass Effect 2, I don't die after that.
I die after, like, five minutes.
Well, good, because I'm totally the type of bonsai kind of player where I just run out, ah! I'm not very good with covering that, so, excellent.
Well, IK Ripper, I want to wrap up real quick and get to some other calls, but quickly, what are some other games you're looking forward to in the next couple weeks?
Bioshock 2.
Oh, another great one.
Yeah, but, these, and that's the, really, that's the only game I have room for in my budget.
But, here's the other thing, is that, well, for both Mass Effect 2 and Bioshock 2, I've went and got the collector's one.
And, especially the Bioshock one is really interesting, because you get, the soundtrack that you get in the special one is the record, that authentic record, apparently.
Which is, like, that's, like, one, a few nerd bonuses from me, which makes it, like, insta-buy. So, I will.
Alright. Well, IK Ripper, I gotta let you go to get some more calls, but have fun with your collector's edition, enjoy.
Yeah, later.
And thanks for staying up, or getting up earlier, staying up late, now you know he's staying up late, to listen to the program, it's an awesome commitment for you guys overseas.
Love it.
Why not? We can do some more calls. 877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and I'm just having fun hearing some of these people through the new computer,
because now that we kind of had to reconfigure our sound, it's actually helping the calls a lot. I'm actually kind of impressed.
We should have done this, like, three years ago. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is XLink.
Hey XLink, how you doing?
Hey, doing good. I have a few things I'd like to talk about real quick.
Well, I suppose.
The iPad, the only good thing I can see about that is maybe playing desktop version of D&D, making it more better, enhancing it a little bit.
That's the only cool thing I could possibly see ever coming out of that thing for $500.
Funny enough, another giant, I mean, not a tablet so much, but that table, the Surface, I remember a story we had a couple months ago,
maybe like last month, about a big D&D game that was on the Surface, I know was supposed to be kind of really innovative for that platform,
so that's an interesting way of thinking, is the iPad as a D&D device. I could see that.
Correct. Mass Effect had a big patch about two months ago for the first game that they took a lot of the issues that they were having,
like in the screens where there was dialogue, where it was spoken, a lot of times it was skipped.
They cleared a lot of that up, which was really helpful, and made the gameplay a lot better, a lot more smooth than it was before.
And then Mass Effect 2, I'm hearing, they took a lot of the gameplay and a lot of the stuff for the experience,
when you level up a character, and made the interface more easier than it was beforehand.
So that was very interesting.
I'm going to have to check these games out at some point. There's too many games to play, especially now.
Usually we're not saying this in January, February, it's just insane what the release calendar looks like.
I'm starting to wonder what's left for Christmas.
Really, well it's hard for me because I work, and then I do my online schooling,
and then between that and trying to level my character in a while still, it's kind of hard to go back and forth.
I just now got to nine hours of Mass Effect 1 for the PC, which I'm really enjoying a lot.
Didn't you, weren't you telling me on Warcraft that you bought that on some Steam sale or something?
No, I bought a few other things on Steam, but that wasn't one of them.
Actually, I bought that one at a store for $15, $10 when it was sale.
Nice.
Yeah, it was a real good value for it, but I can't remember what I bought.
Now I'm going to go back and try to remind myself what I bought last from Steam.
But it's been a while since I bought something from there.
Usually I get most of my stuff while it was on sale during that Christmas stuff, during Christmas time.
But I have a question for Loki though.
I was planning on trying down the road here getting an Xbox 360.
Which system would be the best for my value?
They're all about the same because it's really just what size hard drive you want.
So probably just, I don't know, an Elite.
Delete?
Yeah, because then you get a hard drive with it at least.
Gotcha.
Yeah, I don't get the arcade because you're somebody like you who actually plays a lot of games.
You're going to want a hard drive.
So make sure you get at least the Pro that comes with the 60 game.
Stay on the Pro, it's just the Elite now.
Oh, it's just the Elite and the Core now?
Then you need to just get the Elite I think.
The arcade is good for replacing a dead 360, which is what I just did.
Or people that really don't play console games a lot.
But if you're going to play your games, you know, think about it.
If you get an arcade unit and you want to play 1 versus 100, you have no place to store the game.
Because you have to download it from the server.
So you're going to need a hard drive.
And by the way, it's very interesting.
I mean, something that I don't hear enough people question.
A lot of folks really gave Sony hell over the price of their console.
But Sony didn't nickel and dime you the way Microsoft's doing.
I mean, yeah, Microsoft got their system out for what? $199.
But without the $100 hard drive.
Without the more expensive component cable.
Without any type of wireless adapter built in.
They don't put the component cable in with the Sony systems either.
Okay, fair enough. I'll give you that one.
But without a wireless adapter, where Sony has that built in, yes.
And Microsoft wants $100 for theirs.
But some people don't need that, so why pay the extra money for it?
I'm just saying, it's not brought up enough.
What's the value you're getting?
Especially now that the PS3 is $299.
They're about equal now, I think.
So, something to think about. Anyway, sorry.
Really quickly, I'll let you go.
The battle that you were asking about.
I actually own a copy of Warcraft 3 with the expansion.
And the funny thing about that is, when I registered that onto it,
I can now download that anytime I want through them.
Which is good, because if I ever lose a disc, or the disc gets lost when I move from place to place,
or if it gets broken or something, it's good enough to know that I can log on to that site
and redownload the game and not worry about, you know,
have to go out and spend another $30, $40, or $20, or whatever, to replace the game.
Absolutely. I'm trying to find my old Diablo 2 key for the same reason,
because I want to play that again and I know I can download it,
but I can't find my old CD. The game's just so frickin' old.
But what's cool about it, if you put the CD key into the battle.net,
it will not only appear on your screen like it does with Warcraft and everything,
but also it will let you download it.
Like, if you click on the game, you can download the game onto your computer.
Very cool.
Excellent. We're going to wrap up and let you go so we can try and squeeze a couple more calls in,
but thank you so much, okay?
Take care, buddy. 877-GAME-OLR. Your username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll see if any more calls come in, but I'll let Loki start some last minute news.
Alright.
I'm assuming Jamie doesn't have anything, but I don't know if you have anything, Jamie.
Way to assume, Rob.
I'm just saying.
There's more Who coming to the Rock Band Marketplace.
Apparently some more tracks are going to be coming on February 7th,
according to an advertisement.
It looks like...
Oh, that's in Rock Band?
I don't know. It's some digital advertisement, but that's kind of neat.
We got another call coming in. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Sturlock.
Hi, Sturlock. What's on your mind?
Not much. I wanted to let you guys know about something cool I found a few weeks ago.
We like cool stuff. What's up?
Well, I remember the FC Mobile, which was the portable NES.
Yes, I do. I got that as a Christmas present, which was amazing.
I have one too.
Well, now there is a portable Super Nintendo.
It's done by a really crappy company.
Yeah, it kind of is, but it's not that bad.
Does this mean the patents are up on the Super Nintendo technology or something,
where now we're going to start seeing all these bootleg Super Nintendos come out?
I guess so. I guess we're going to be seeing more of these.
So maybe this is the first one out the gate, but that means there might be some more of these in the future.
Well, tell us a little more about the system, because even though Jamie's heard of it, I have not.
Well, it's called the FC 16 GO.
And yeah, it's done by Yobo, who did the FC Twin and the FC3, and I don't know, they're not the greatest.
But the Super Nintendo end seems to be kind of improved in this.
It does play Star Fox. Oh my gosh. Nice. Wow.
My only real complaint about it is the headphone jack is retarded.
Like, the headphone jack is not your standard, you know, three and a half millimeter, you know, whatever.
It's 2.5, which is, you know, like what you would see like in a cell phone headset.
That's weird. Do you think that might be a region thing, because cell phones are so prevalent in the other countries, maybe where this is really...
I don't. I mean, I solved that problem. I just got an adapter and that was that.
That's what RadioShacks are really good for. I need an adapter.
Yeah, exactly. But yeah, I haven't found anything that doesn't work on it.
Well, that's pretty cool.
I guess Super Mario RPG probably doesn't work, I don't know, because I don't have the game.
Is it the same type of thing like the FC Mobile, where, you know, it's kind of like you can have it on, you know, a little portable system, or you can hook it into the TV and do it that way?
Yep, it is. And it comes with two wireless controllers also.
Oh, wow.
And the controllers are actually pretty good.
I'm very excited at the idea, because Super Nintendo, I'm sorry, is the best console they ever put out ever.
I don't think they'll ever put out a console that good ever again.
Just being able to play some of these games like Kid Icarus, or not Kid Icarus, I was going to say Super Metroid.
Yeah, Super Metroid. I wish the hypothetical Super Nintendo Kid Icarus game in my head, and Actraiser, and Final Fantasy III, VI, whatever you want to call it.
Which does work on it.
I'm still going to go with the PC Engine Duo.
What's that?
That was released in the US, so I have no memories of that.
Sorry, it's got some of the best games ever.
Yeah, Dracula X, which was kind of a bastardized rondo of blood, pretty much.
Alright. Well, Sturlock, anything else on your mind, buddy?
No, that was it.
Alright, well thank you so much for the call, and have fun with that FC16 device.
Yeah, it's pretty fun.
I'm going to look into it, but I'm going to wait and see what kind of competition comes out. We'll see.
Yeah, I'm sure there will be other things.
Alright, take care, buddy.
See ya.
GameGuru says, expect the FC64 to come soon. Who knows?
It sounds like it's about, what, 20 years on the patents or something? I don't know exactly how that all works, but it's going to be interesting when the ones on the PlayStation and so forth are up.
I'm really curious to see what happens there.
Decipher in chat says, I want a portable N64 so bad. Go buy a Nintendo DS.
Seriously?
That's what they pretty much are. Loki, do you have any other last minute stories while we see if any other calls come in?
Um, yeah. Let's see.
Oh, we got a call coming in. Hold on.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, it's Salacious Pop.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good, how are you?
I'm great. For those listeners that don't know, Salacious Pop, you know this show pretty well, right?
Yeah, I've been listening since about September.
Yeah, and is there any type of special relationship you have to this program?
Yeah, I might be going out with one of the hosts.
Get a room.
Yeah, Shermy and I, we just know.
It's kiddie love.
I know. Well, Shermy misses you terribly.
Alright. No, in all seriousness...
My brain's improving.
Salacious Pop is the said boyfriend I mentioned earlier that was supposed to be here last week, but sadly it didn't work.
Do you want to describe quickly, I don't know why you're calling tonight, but I'm just going to derail and ask you to talk about what I want to talk about.
Can you describe for the listeners what the scene was like in studio last week at 10am?
Lots of flapping hands and flailing. It was very chaotic and stressful.
I know, and you're probably just kind of watching, just like Shermy, kind of watching going, uh, what?
Yeah, it was my fault that I was there. I did 9-11, and I caused all that cancer, and then I set up the bomb for LLR.
So, to all the UK listeners, I'm sorry. My presence there sort of cursed the machine.
But they have a new system now.
I see. Alright, so what do we owe your phone call tonight?
Um, I was just being silly and wanted to say hello and say that I'm really looking forward to eventually being a guest.
Maybe this room will be less chaotic next time you're here.
Let's hope. I don't know, tonight was pretty bad. I mean, the only difference between what you saw and tonight is that we actually had a show tonight.
You've got a bigger mess in here now.
But there was lots of flailing.
Yes. There really was. Well, what about this week's news? I know you've got something to say about some of these topics going on here.
You were the one that gave me the Steam story.
Um, most of my internet trolling for news has involved just wank about the iPad, which I know that everyone's gone over about a million times on tonight's show.
But just that it's not very good. As a huge Half-Life fan, I was upset that Black Mesa Source was bumped until this year, but that's like a month-old story.
They were supposed to release their remake of Half-Life 1 by the end of last year, and it didn't happen.
I remember hearing something about that, and I remember you were kind of upset about that because I know you're a big Half-Life fan.
Whatever happened to Episode 3? That's the other big question, right?
Damn them!
It's probably going to be so big that they're just going to throw it into Half-Life 3 proper, but Valve is so silent on it, no one knows anything.
And it's been almost three years since Episode 2.
Are you going to be downloading Rondo of Blood when it comes to Virtual Console? Oh wait, you don't own a Wii.
Hypothetically, if you owned a Wii, would you download Rondo of Blood?
Well, I have the remake for PSP, which I heard is really good. It's sort of a competent remake of it, so I don't really need to.
And why don't you own a Wii? Because you have a 360 and a PS3.
Well, I put off buying the 360 and the PS3 because I wanted an HDTV, because they were made for HDTVs.
So now that I have the TV, and Wii is now standard def, the video file in me is offended by that, and I just don't want one. I don't know.
Nintendo's being ignorant?
Yeah, if they put out an HD one, or the Wii, whatever, Omega, in a year or two, the next gen, I would get that, but I'm sort of over standard definition.
So don't care that they're the only system you can do the new Super Mario Brothers, or Super Smash Brothers Melee, or this Metroid Other M, or the fancy Zelda games, but until it's pretty, no thank you.
I guess. I mean, it sounds really superficial, and I hate the fanboys on the forum to just say, oh, you know, the graphics, blah blah blah. It's all about the graphics.
But those franchises, I've visited those franchises so much, and I've played the previous incarnations of Zelda and Metroid, that I can just go to a friend's house.
It's not that important to me to get a system for those specific franchises, which is really all Nintendo is now. You have to be with Nintendo if you want the Zelda, whereas all the third party is with Sony and Microsoft.
Alright, well, you know that I have a Nintendo system, so you can come over and play Zelda or what have you if I choose to buy those games.
For the record, you guys are both invited, everyone in this room, including me, because I live here, and on the phone with us is invited for PC Engine Night.
When is PC Engine Night?
Sometime.
Maybe after Moving Chaos, we'll get Alan down here one week and we'll have PC Engine Night. It'll be fun.
Seriously, we'll get our Dracula X on.
Or bring PC Engine over to New Casa de Rob that'll be wired for video and everything.
If Dan doesn't crap his pants like he did last time.
Just steal it. Alright.
Nice. Alright, I should probably let you go. I hate to do that to you, but I'll talk to you later, you know that.
Yes.
Alright, you take care, and thanks for calling.
Alright, thank you, bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Sky for the Lion tonight. Sorry to those folks that didn't get through, but hey, we need emails, so you should totally write us some emails if you didn't get through tonight. That would be awesome.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. I'm going to let Loki wrap up with any other last minute stories and then we're going to wrap up the show. Loki.
The developer behind the Survivor Horror game that came out last summer, Cursed Mountain, has gone under.
Apparently they've run into some financial trouble.
Oh well. I got shut down. Too bad.
That's all I pretty much had. Oh, Dragon Quest stuff. Looks like 6 is going to have some new anti-piracy measures put in place on that cart, so it might be a little harder to crack.
And then also there's this one game that I'm playing now that's a homebrew game that's now available on, or I should say that it was a free game that was available now on Wii Homebrew, which is Saoban, which is Cat Mario, and it's extremely hard and funny because it's extremely hard.
Is that what you were giggling at during the Skype calls?
It's just really brutal, like the second level you're supposed to go into the warp pipe.
If you wonder why Loki doesn't talk much during the Skype segment unless you specifically call out his name, it's because that's the point of the show where he's catching up on all the funny stuff and you'll randomly just hear him, hee hee hee, over there in the corner.
He doesn't sound like that, but you know what I mean. He's laughing at something on the internet.
Alright. Is that it? That's all I... We are about out of here.
Well, we're going to wrap up the show, but not until we go around and get everybody's final thought.
But I do want to say before we get to the final thoughts, thank you guys so much for downloading Orange Launch Radio and checking us out and sticking with us through the good times and the bad.
I know it sucks that we haven't had any show the past couple weeks, but I'm looking at the live listening numbers and we haven't really tapered off.
We're still right back where we were, and so thank you guys for coming out.
I know especially the anticipation of us coming back tonight, and I hope the new sound was worth it, but at the same time, especially for those of you live folks that had to kind of put up with some of the hiccups we've had tonight,
that we'll probably continue on into our special live only after-birth segment after the show.
Thank you guys for sticking by us while we kind of go through all these changes.
But it's fun. It's a new year, a new decade of sound and everything.
So anyhow, and of course, if this is your first time listening to Orange Launch Radio, we are a non-profit show.
We're not really a business that's out to make money. We don't really run ads during the show.
All we ask, if you like the show, tell two friends about the show and help us spread the word. That's all we ask.
We're an independent production. We don't have a lot of big dollars behind us, and we're just here because we want to have fun.
That being said, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, I see you picking up the mic, so why don't you give us your final thought?
Um, yeah.
Loki, your final thought?
Hopefully that new YouTube video will be up this week.
My final thought is I totally want like a warm chocolate chip cookie right now. Sounds amazing.
Alright, thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting our show. We really appreciate it.
We'll be back here to do it all again next week. Hopefully the computer doesn't blow up or anything until then, but we'll pray that we're back.
Bye guys. Have a wonderful week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
