Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and the Lowkey
Tonight, January 10th, 2010, Microsoft shows us their game room at CES,
a popular Nintendo Wii game is no longer being published,
and could NBA Jam be making a comeback?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that program dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you for the next three hours.
Also, as always, the one and only lovely DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Frustrated.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why are you frustrated?
Because I realized that I started stitching in two wide stitches, well, actually stitches too many,
on this tube scarf I was making, so now I have a doll-sized tube dress.
Well, you know, if you decide that you don't want it, you could always set it on fire.
That would be pretty amazing.
But that would mean setting my stuff on fire.
Well, you know, at least you could watch it go down in a blaze of glory.
Also, say hello to the one and only pyromaniac tech master, Lowkey.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Have you set fire to anything this week?
No.
Not this time. All right.
Well, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
That's at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
So thanks, of course, to the folks at All Games Radio for letting us steal their bandwidth, as they do every Sunday night.
We do have a lot of news to get into tonight, but of course we always started off with a little bit of how was our gaming week.
But we're going to mix it up a little bit tonight because we did something special this week.
I know a lot of you guys have been listening to this show for a little while.
But if it is your first time listening, hello, welcome.
You know, it's just like three friends who met a long time ago at an arcade, believe it or not.
Playing DDR was the game we used to play back in the day and decided to start a radio show about games.
And here we are almost eight years later still doing our show.
Pretty amazing.
Anyhow.
Translation?
Give us jobs.
Professional jobs.
Here's the thing.
We don't hang out a lot like we used to during the week.
You know, this show is kind of the way we all hang out.
I mean, once in a while there's a party or something's going on.
And it's not like we avoid each other.
It's just we're all busy.
You know, I work a day job.
Dark Sakura has school and other things she's got to do.
I'm avoiding you.
And Loki, you know, just bought a house.
And they both have the married life going on.
And I'm driving to the Bay Area for stuff all the time.
We don't see each other an awful lot during the week.
But this week was a little different.
We actually went on an O.L.R. date.
Dark Sakura, myself, and Loki all went to see Avatar.
As many of you have apparently because it's what?
It's already like the number three highest grossing movie ever.
And it looks like, based on the take this week,
there's a very good chance it's going to take over the Batman movie.
They're saying it could even take over Titanic.
So a lot of you have seen the movie.
So I don't know if we're going to sit here and review it
because, you know, most of you have already seen it it sounds like.
But how about our thoughts on the movie?
Because we did get to see it in 3D,
which I thought was, you know, kind of different
because I don't see a lot of movies in 3D.
I mean, it's kind of a new thing.
The only other movie I've seen in 3D was Up,
which, you know, didn't use the 3D as heavily.
Like, I didn't think the 3D kind of added a lot to Up.
But certainly Avatar kind of added some stuff to it.
Loki, what did you think of Avatar?
This is your second time seeing it, right?
Yes, it is.
By the way, keep it spoiler free
because some of our chatters have not seen it yet and want to.
Have you seen Pocahontas?
You've seen Avatar.
I call it Space Pocahontas.
Or FernGully.
FernGully means Pocahontas in space with Smurfs.
No, I like just...
Even the technology behind the whole movie is pretty awesome.
Like, a lot of the 3D stuff, it's not so much, you know,
Hey, look, we made a 3D movie,
so we're going to have tons of stuff flying at your face.
Or, you know, we're going to scare you.
Ooh, look, it's coming towards you.
You know, nothing like that.
It's just really cool looking.
Like, a lot of the shots, you know, look very realistic.
And it's kind of amazing when you think about it
that all the backgrounds and everything in the movie
are really computer generated.
And, I mean, a lot of it you kind of forget that it is
because it looks really good.
But the storyline, I mean, it's just all right.
It's not, you know, you don't really go to see this movie
because, you know, it's such a deep storyline.
It's just very predictable, but it's got great characters in it,
and it's just a fun movie.
Darsagra, what did you think?
Well, I had very low expectations,
and then my expectations were sort of pooped on.
I thought it was really good.
I'm going to see it again, because you know me.
If I like a movie once, I'll see it twice.
How many times did you see Silent Hill in the theaters?
Like, four or five?
Four.
I saw Star Trek eight times.
Oh, my God.
But keep in mind, when it got to the cheapo theater,
I was just going every week.
Oh, I gotcha.
Although, actually, I think five of my times seeing it
were in the full-price theater.
So, if that's any indication.
I think that the 3D was implemented very, very nicely.
Instead of, like Loki said, of it being,
ah, 3D, ah, it was more immersive.
Like, there were a few things that did surprise me
as far as just, you know,
I really have no other comparison to put this to,
but you know, the head tracking mode for Wii,
that little hack, it made me think of that.
Because it almost felt sometimes like you could peek around
the screen and see stuff inside of it,
or if you moved closer, you'd get a wider view.
It was that kind of immersion.
And it actually did not give me a headache,
because the other movies I've seen in 3D was
I saw Nightmare Before Christmas twice in IMAX, in 3D.
And that gave me kind of a headache and made me pass out.
You know, I was explaining that I have a problem with 3D,
because I tend to get really motion sick.
But I think I only got motion sick once,
and that was in the flying, one of the big flying scenes.
And other than that, I mean,
especially since I wear glasses
and was wearing the 3D glasses over my glasses,
I didn't really have as bad of a problem as I expected to,
except when I took the 3D glasses off,
I had a big adjustment,
because I'm looking through two lenses
trying to get the 3D effect out of it.
But story-wise, yeah, predictable.
We saw this coming.
But it was predictable in a gratifying way,
I want to say, if that makes sense.
Like, oh, yeah, that's a little bit more
than what I thought would happen with it.
Or, yeah, that's how that should go.
I'm fine with that.
But I liked it.
I was already looking up stuff online.
There's gonna be a sequel, which I'm looking forward to,
although I'm wondering what direction
they're gonna go with it.
But, yeah, actually, I'm really impressed.
As a language nerd, I was very impressed
with the construction of the language.
Yeah, I guess they built that language for the movie.
Like, some professor at a university did it.
Yeah, a linguistics professor created the language.
And it actually...
Some of the other ones that I've studied,
it uses, actually, the grammar structures
very similar to American Sign Language.
And I notice it actually has things in common
with Japanese and with American Sign Language
in terms of your object order.
So I was actually pretty, pretty pleased with that.
Reading just so much more into it,
I have to say that I'm impressed overall
with the work that went into it.
And with the fluidity of the motion capture,
that was very impressive, and I know that that was
a pretty new technology that they used with it, too.
I also went back and read an interview
as to why people were blue.
Because, and to paraphrase the quote,
it's that, well, it was to contrast
with the skin tones of humans, first of all,
to enhance the bioluminescence,
because everything on the planet was bioluminescent.
And also, because they'd already done Little Green Men.
They wanted them to be blue.
Nice.
Yeah. So, overall, I have to say,
I like a movie that a lot of thought and energy
had been put into, and it was very clear
that a lot of work went into this,
and you could see it in the final production, so.
And that, and I wanted to punch that guy in the face.
Not the Marine.
The Colonel guy.
Yeah, because he actually, he's what I expected him to be.
I wanted no redemption out of him.
I'm not trying to spoil it,
and I know most of you have seen it.
I wanted no redemption out of him.
I wanted him to be a hard ass to the end, and he sure was.
But it was the corporate guy.
Because you could almost see him thinking about it.
And then, ooh, dollars.
So, and I've seen him in other stuff,
and I can't think of what.
That you gotta IMDB it.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
You might remember, I kind of came out before this movie,
and I was like, I just hope it tanks.
Like, it looks terrible from the trailer,
and James Cameron's kind of an arrogant ass,
and, you know, just after Titanic,
I just kind of wanted to see the movie tank.
So I went in with very low expectations.
Like, I was kind of like Dark Saga.
All right, what the hell.
I'll go.
I got three hours to kill.
Let's go see the damn movie.
I was wrong.
It was good.
It was a good movie.
Props to Cameron.
You did it again.
It was good.
Was it like OMG Oscar winning story and all this?
No.
I mean, the story you've kind of heard before,
but it's effective.
And I know here we are, a video game podcast,
talking about movies,
but I want to kind of bring this back to video games a little bit,
because honestly, I kind of thought the movie
was just a giant video game.
Like, the graphics were really good in Avatar.
You know, and that's kind of one of the things.
I was like, wow, the landscape is really pretty.
The way the Navi were done was really pretty,
and just everything about the movie was really, really pretty.
And so the game had great graphics.
And even the story, I got to be honest,
the story, without getting into spoilery,
I was really reminded of Final Fantasy VII.
There was a lot of tie-ins to me with Final Fantasy VII,
and you have to admit,
there was an epic boss battle at the end of the movie,
which is to be expected.
I really was epic.
Also, that guy, I actually remember him from My Name is Earl.
Ah, there you go.
So, it was very epic.
I think in some ways,
and this is going to sound like a much bigger compliment
than maybe the movie actually deserves,
but I actually think in some ways,
this movie is going to be like this generation's Wizard of Oz.
Like, because if you think about it,
The Wizard of Oz was actually not like that great of a movie,
but it's one of those ones we kind of all remember
because it was that musical that we all remember,
and it was that color.
It was the first color movie we all kind of remember.
Obviously, not all of us were alive when that movie first came out,
but it meant a lot for color.
And I think Avatar is going to be a lot of that for 3D,
even though it might not be the best or most original story in the world.
I think they're going to look back on this years from now
and say this is when 3D started being a big thing.
But I'm kind of, I'm a little worried about it
because I got to say, the 3D kind of bugged me.
Like, it wasn't, and I didn't think it was gimmicky or anything like that,
but the 3D bugged me because I had to take those glasses off
like every 10 minutes because I actually was like hurting my eyes.
And the same thing kind of happened when I was watching Up.
Like, I just, I can't sit there and do the 3D the whole time.
It's kind of a pain on my eyes.
So that was the only, I mean, it looked nice, don't get me wrong,
and I thought it definitely was kind of like something I haven't seen before,
but I'm a little worried because, you know, Consumer Electronics Show is this week,
obviously, bringing it back to gaming a little bit,
and although there was some gaming news we'll get to later a little bit,
it was more about the tech and the gadgets.
That's what CES is about.
One of the big, big things they're talking about this year, 3D television.
Is 3D TV is like the big thing, and this actually kind of worries me
because I'm like, I kind of don't want my TV to be 3D
because it hurts to watch.
I seriously doubt that's going to be the case
because it would require, you know, the glasses and everything.
They should have, it would probably be an option.
But they're talking about ESPN and 3D and all this stuff.
Like, I realize, you know, nobody's going to make me tune to that network,
but it's definitely kind of the wave of the future,
and I hope they find a way to make it less painful.
So, go to our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
AlphaKananagram says, Sky said the game had good graphics. LMFAO.
Yeah, I mean, seriously, I found the movie to be very much like a video game.
It was kind of a cliche plot, but it was executed very well.
I'm not saying it was executed very, very well.
I actually think, what's her name?
That Zoe Saldana, the one that was Uhura in Star Trek.
She would, dude, she should like get nominated for an Oscar.
Honestly, I honestly mean that. She was amazingly good.
Yeah.
But, and Sigourney Weaver, oh my God, love her.
I do have to tell you, the movie scene, the full thing's going to be in the DVD release.
Could he?
But, I'm not going to praise all the actors
because I can't fucking stand Michelle Rodriguez.
I cannot stand her. She brought the movie down for me.
But at least she wasn't in a lot of scenes.
Yeah, she definitely was like a supporting actress.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I'm just not a fan of her, so I, bleh.
You know that there cannot be a Cameron movie without the angry Hispanic chick.
You know what?
I don't think there was one in Titanic.
Yeah, but aliens high.
So, anyway, reading some of the comments from chat.
SSJ100Matt says, I wouldn't go that far.
It was okay, but I don't see it lasting the test of time like Wizard of Oz.
It's, I think it's too early to say.
Like, again, I don't think people are going to go back and go,
oh, this is like just a phenomenal fucking movie.
Like, The Lord of the Rings will be.
I think they're going to look back on that one time.
I don't know. I went back to The Wizard of Oz after a while
because I used to, you know, I used to like that movie
and I find it really grating on my ears now
and just a really annoying, awful movie.
So, I don't know if Wizard of Oz has, you know, lasted the test of time either
because you watch it and you're like, wow, this kind of sucks.
Now, however, The Return to Oz, I think that's a way better movie anyways
because there's no singing in it.
I think the singing really brought it down.
Well, Return to Oz was based off the books in particular.
As they should do some more movies based off the books.
SSJ100Matt in chat says also, I don't think the 3D added all that much to it.
It was nice without it.
I kind of agree. I think I would have still felt the same about the movie
had I seen it in 2D.
But 3D did give that little extra kick.
You know, that little extra wow factor that really brought the graphics,
so to speak, home.
Like, that planet was beautiful.
And I'm actually excited to play the game.
And sure enough, Loki managed to...
Not only did he get us free tickets to the movie.
Thank you very much, Loki. We appreciate it.
Now he scrounged up a copy of Avatar the Game on PlayStation 3.
So, Dark Soccer and I are going to kind of trade it back and forth
since I'm going to be traveling this next week.
She's going to borrow it and then I'm going to take it.
So, you're going to have a 3D TV because that is in 3D if you have a 3D TV?
That's what I hear. You know what? I'll pass anyway.
Well, no. I think that my TV is capable.
Do you have the glasses for it?
I stole the ones from the theater.
Yeah, but different TVs have different 3D...
Unless your TV supports real D, then those glasses will work with that.
If they don't, or if it doesn't, then you may need shutter glasses or something like that.
We've actually got shutter glasses for the...
Oh, crap. The Master System.
Well, speaking of 3D, my boyfriend bought Coraline on Blu-ray,
and that comes with the red and blue, I think, because we were watching it a little bit.
It's green and magenta.
I didn't watch the whole movie. I haven't seen the movie yet,
but he wanted to see a couple clips to see how it played out.
And it was okay, but again, my eyes just don't take well.
In the theater, though, the 3D in Coraline was awesome.
But they did the same type of thing they did in Avatar, right?
The real 3D, or whatever it's called, right?
Real D, yeah. I think real D would be the best option,
because, man, those shutter glasses are expensive.
They're like $200 a piece, and if you're gonna get some for your friends and stuff like that,
forget about it. But real D, man, those glasses are so damn cheap to manufacture,
it's almost as cheap as the red-blue glasses, but you don't have the color distortion in it.
Alright, so I know you're all joking that, hey, we're turning into movie lounge radio all of a sudden,
but hey, there's a reason we're talking about this, because Avatar has done so well
that I think, honestly, the CES, this 3D TV, Avatar's gonna be a big release.
You know they're gonna try to make it 3D somehow on its release.
Whatever they do with the home version, whether it be the red-blue or the real D,
but you'd have to have a TV. I don't know what the hell they're gonna do.
And I think it will come over to games.
Where the movie goes, games will soon go, and this might be something that's in the PlayStation 4,
the Xbox 720, and whatever other hypothetical system you wanna come up with.
I just kinda hope, again, that they find a way to make it easier on the eyes,
and that they don't rely on it as a crutch, that it gets too gimmicky.
You know, it's gonna be the gimmick for the first year it comes out,
they're gonna overdo it with everything, and then they're gonna slack back off,
just like with everything else.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks. Enough movies.
Let's actually talk about the video games we've been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, what kind of games have you been playing this week?
Well, mostly watching Dan play Borderlands.
I played Lumines on Steam, and then was very disappointed to realize that Shining wasn't in it.
And, of course, Peggle.
I finally beat one of those crappy extra point levels, you know, that I was yelling at.
And once I did it, I actually managed to beat another one after that,
but now I'm on the million point level, and I'm like, oh, whatever.
Also, I've got Silent Hill, Shattered Memories, but I haven't had a chance to play it,
because, again, I haven't been able to get Dan's butt off of Borderlands.
And he hasn't got me Bayonetta yet, which makes me weep.
You've got to get him to get that for you.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Real quick, to go back to what we were talking about before,
remember how they were talking about 3D TV at CES?
Well, the format that they're kind of working towards is Realty, actually,
so that would be kind of cool.
And they're, I guess, partnering with Sony, JVC, Samsung, Toshiba, Panasonic, and DirecTV.
So, that would be the best way to go, I think,
because, like I said, glasses are cheap, not intrusive.
Anyways, so games.
I actually got to play some of the stuff I've been meaning to play and putting off for a while.
I finally played Borderlands, and it's awesome.
Very fun game.
I've actually played it for a few hours.
I'm only level seven right now, but I did finish killing Nineto,
which is one of the characters in the game.
And, I don't know, the game itself reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy XI with guns,
because a lot of the enemies and stuff, they have certain spawn points in the game,
and you see them kind of just wandering around and stuff like that,
like you would in Final Fantasy VII,
just without all the other people running around with you.
And you have kind of different zones you can kind of zone into to kill different creatures and whatnot.
And it just reminds me so much with the quests and the findings of Final Fantasy XI.
Although, at the same time, it's a little bit more like Diablo,
because there's a lot of, like, okay, you find these random chests on the ground,
you can open them up, and there's money there,
or the enemies drop ammo and money and all that fun stuff.
Plus, there's all the random weapons in the game,
since there's literally three-quarters of a million weapons in the game.
So there's all these different unique weapons.
It's got this pistol that sets things on fire, so that's pretty awesome.
But it's just really cool, and I'm really disappointed that it took me so long to play the game,
but I definitely will be playing it for a long time,
and probably will download the download content later on,
as soon as I get a little further in the game.
Must play the island of Dr. Ned.
It's all about shooting brains out of their skulls.
Seriously.
Awesome.
You guys are making me want to play this game, like, very badly.
Get it, Rob? Play it. I can't play it, you know.
When I talk about my gaming week, I'll tell you why I can't play Borderlands yet,
because I'm too distracted.
The other thing is, um, non-kind of gaming.
Well, I've also been playing Grand Theft Auto.
I actually played some Grand Theft Auto this weekend,
because I was trying to just play some more online games,
just with some other people other than my coworkers and stuff,
because I've been kicking the crap out of my coworkers a lot,
to the point where they're getting really frustrated with me,
and the people online that we play with get really frustrated with me,
and they end up dropping because I just kicked the crap out of them.
And, you know, not to sound like, oh, I'm the best person ever.
I doubt that I am, but this weekend, though, playing with just random games,
you know, other people hosting games, their settings, whatever they want to do,
I still kicked the crap out of everybody.
So modest.
And a lot of them dropped.
And there's even people that were blatantly cheating, you know,
using lag switches and turbo controllers and stuff like that,
and I still kicked the crap out of them.
So, I mean, I don't know what to do, and everybody keeps dropping.
I really hate that everybody drops out of the games.
I mean, seriously, just try a little bit.
You know, maybe you'll learn something, get a little bit better,
instead of just quitting because you just can't seem to kill somebody.
I don't know.
Whatever.
But, so, yeah, I've been working my way up the ranks.
Right now, I think I'm in the, I know I'm in the top 300 on Lost and Damned
out of ranked death matches, probably up 250 by now.
But I've been working my way up to number one,
so hopefully I'll hit that at some point.
I know I'm up there, whereas my other coworkers are in the 700s to 1,000s.
So I'm just looking for a challenge out there,
and I really hope that people that play online would stop dropping
because it's ridiculous and very frustrating.
And, let's see, other than Xbox 360 stuff, I worked on the cabinet a little bit more.
I played a little bit Tubin this week because Jim came over and he wanted to play Tubin.
So I tried that, and man, that's hard to control.
I forgot how hard that game was.
So that was kind of cool.
And then next week, I should be getting some Xbox 360 repair kits
for the Red Ring of Death stuff, mainly just because I didn't really want to send out.
I have six systems just waiting to be repaired,
and one of them I can actually send back to Microsoft, the other few of them.
I'm just going to try to repair real quick.
If it doesn't work, then oh well, I'll just send it out to somebody to repair it.
But I had one that I repaired, and it worked for a while.
So, you know, I'll give it a shot.
And I also got a, what is it, a Cyclops, a Cygnus 2 mod chip for one of my 360s.
So I'm going to play with that, assuming I can get it soldered on there.
Because, I don't know, I had good luck with my Wii mod chip.
I was able to solder that.
Not so much with my PSP when I tried modding that into the arcade cabinet.
So I'm 50-50 right now.
Maybe Dan can help you, because he repairs the pinball tables all the time.
He's really good with soldering.
I think I'm going to give it a go.
I don't think it'll be too difficult. I have to see how small the points are.
A PSP is damn hard.
Even with a magnifying glass, I couldn't see the points on there,
because they were so close together.
I think on a 360 board, it's a little bit more spread apart.
So it should be alright.
And they have crap on their board where nothing wants to solder to it anyway.
I don't know if it came up on last week's show,
because I think the exchange happened before the show.
But I gave Loki my old 360, the one that broke, for him to try to fix.
I hope it's one that comes out okay.
And I told Loki he could keep it if he fixes it, because I have a new one now.
So he could use it for his Grand Theft Auto death matches, work, whatever he's going to do with it.
Whatever machine he wants to build, I don't care.
Get rid of it is really what it is.
Literally, people keep giving me 360s.
They're all, hey, it's broken, I bought another one, here you go.
I'm like, awesome!
I'll tell you what, if you get one working, I'll totally buy a mod chip if you want to get rid of one.
What do you mean, buy a mod chip?
Like, if you get rid of any of them, then I'll mod it.
Well, it all depends on what firmware some of them are.
I know my sister's console, the one she was using,
if I could get that fixed, is an old enough firmware where I can run the mod chip on it.
The other one's not so sure because we were using those and they were pretty much updated.
So those may not work.
I just have to look at them.
But there may be one or two of them that might work.
At least one, I know.
So that's why I only got one mod chip.
Well, yeah, I'll find.
Alright.
Anyway, my gaming week, I played a lot.
A lot, a lot of stuff this week, so let me try to run down it really quick.
I played off a listener tip last week.
It came in on Twitter.
Somebody told me there was this game on the Windows Live,
the Games for Windows Live that's free if you download it.
Tinker is the name of the game.
And I played it.
And when we brought it up on the show last week,
we were talking about how the game has achievements
and we weren't sure how it interfaces with Xbox Live.
Dude, it interfaces really good with Xbox Live.
Those achievements do count towards your gamer score.
It will even come up, like if I look on my recent games on the Xbox 360,
I see Tinker.
I see a card for it with all the achievements.
And I can look at it just like as any other game on my 360.
I kind of thought that was cool.
And then when I was actually playing the game,
you could access like an Xbox Live-ish type of interface
where I could see my friends that were online playing Xbox Live.
And I'm sure if they were looking at me,
they would see me playing the Tinker game.
As far as Tinker itself, okay, it's a free game.
And that's pretty much what it's worth.
I mean, it's a puzzle game that's not very different than things we've seen before.
It kind of takes the scene of like a child's room
and kind of takes this 3D isometric approach
to get the robot from point A to B, but you have to use switches.
And there's toy guns and dominoes and dice and things that get in the way.
Eh, it's free. It's worth just playing for a little bit.
Hey, if you're an achievement score whore,
go download it for like 30 gamerscore pretty easy
just by beating the tutorial levels.
It's not that hard to do.
So, you know, it was cute, but I wouldn't have paid a lot of money for it
because it's a puzzle we've seen before.
And I don't like the 3D thing because in later levels
they're like, you have to turn the camera around to be able to see everything.
But when you turn the camera around, it's not very seamless.
It's just kind of like flips the screen 90 degrees by redeploying.
Like it doesn't actually show the screen rotating like I think we've come to expect.
It just kind of switches the display to, you know, turning it 90 degrees.
A little bit disappointed with that.
So, you know, whatever. It's free, so why not?
But I'm hearing, though, if you kind of run an older OS
or you might have some problems with a game for Windows Live.
So, there you go.
I spent a little bit of time just playing some various Xbox Live arcade games
because there were some that I hadn't really played a whole lot of.
Like Sonic 2 and R-Type, a lot of the classically redone ones.
I have to admit, R-Type, when you play it in crazy camera mode
where it's all like that tilted 3D, it's kind of cool.
Hard to play, but cool.
Isn't, though, just the remixed versions, the HD versions?
I was pretty impressed. Yeah, it's nice.
But R-Type is still fucking hard.
I forgot to say the other game that we had going on.
What's that?
Was Raiden 4, and you should give that a try.
It actually was really fun.
I will.
Also, I played quite a bit of Bayonetta on the 360.
Checked out the game this week, and I love it.
It's great. It's over the top. It's excess.
We were kind of watching the introduction movie,
just laughing and laughing, because it's so over the top.
It's so unnecessary, but great.
I can't even explain it.
The game is a bit of a button masher.
I mean, you just kind of punch, punch, kick, kick, dodge,
but I don't think it really has to be.
If you kind of know what you're doing,
you do have to time your dodges right.
You do have to perform certain types of moves at certain points,
but you can kind of get away, especially in the first few levels,
of doing a bunch of button mashing.
Keep in mind, I'm also playing on normal.
I think the easier modes are kind of brought down to a point
where you really can just, like, slam on one button,
and you do all sorts of tricks.
But in the end, I kind of felt that the game is rewarding,
and there was a lot more depth to it
than I was getting the impression from from the demo.
I honestly have to say, this is one of the better games I've played on the 360.
I am having that much fun with it.
It's fun. It's excess. It's over the top. It's stupid.
It's what a video game should be.
I think it's great, and there's a lot of very tongue-in-cheek humor in it.
There's references to other Sega games in it.
I love the fact that, and I'm not really spoiling too much,
because this is in the first two minutes of the game,
when they're kind of doing the credits,
all the names of the people are on tombstones,
and then the director's name came up, right?
Same guy that did, like, Devil May Cry and all that,
and it opens with somebody peeing on his grave.
Like, what a good, like, tongue-in-cheek, not-taking-yourself-seriously type of thing.
I had a lot of fun with the game, and many lols were had, and I want to play more of it.
The only really downside is that I didn't notice, like, any type of, like,
multiplayer or how it really interfaced with live.
I mean, I guess there's leaderboards and stuff, but I had a really good time with it.
It's very arcade-y.
If you like arcade games, like, I almost expect I should be putting in a quarter to play this game.
Some of the boss battles are quite epic.
But, yeah, it's a little bit of a button masher, but a lot of arcade games were.
So if you like those quarter-munching arcade games, I think you will like this.
And, um, yeah, actdeft in our chatroom chat that orangehonestradio.com says,
Bayonetta has rings, like Sonic the Hedgehog rings.
They're called Halos, but yeah, they work just like the Sonic rings, really.
I totally see this as being, like, the diva of the Xbox.
Well, keep in mind it's multiplatform.
They're on PS3 as well.
The diva of the game world, then.
It would be a tragedy if there is no sequel announced to this game.
I really hope they do a sequel in the same vein.
And I'm not even, like, that far into it.
I'm only a couple hours in.
I need to play more.
I just haven't had a lot of time this weekend.
Because I was playing another game, and it's one I don't think I can talk about,
because there was a non-disclosure agreement, I clicked through really quickly without reading.
I will just say that it's a very popular closed beta that's going on right now for an upcoming PC game.
But I can't tell you what game it is.
And I would not base my review off a game off a closed beta.
But I thought that this game, it's a game that there's kind of a lot of hype behind it.
And I, including myself, I've hyped this game up before previously.
I'm not sure the game lived up 100% to the hype.
But there were certain things about it that I really liked.
And there were certain parts of the game I was kind of like,
Oh, this is slow. Get on with it.
I'm not having any fun right now.
Just kind of, let's get past this part.
Let's blow shit up and move on.
So, however, one other thing I want to say about it is that PC games, you know what?
They really have these demanding system requirements.
I was not able to play this game on my own computer.
And my own computer is only like a year old.
I had to go play it on my boyfriend's computer,
because he has a better system than I do and a better video card and all that.
And even still, it was a little bit choppy.
However, I have to remember in a closed beta,
sometimes these things are sending data to the server all the time.
It might be running a little bit slow on purpose.
So I can't, again, base a review off of it.
But I'm not as excited as I was.
I probably will still pick up the full version just to check it out.
But at the same time, I still have WoW and all these other games to play
and all this other stuff.
So, we'll see.
Also, they've got to fix the interface in this particular game I'm thinking of,
because it's a game where you can chat with other players,
because that's the type of game it is.
I couldn't stay on top of chat, because the box is so frickin' small,
like no text fits in it at all.
So, there you go.
Anyhow, that was my thoughts on that.
More thoughts on that when the beta is unleashed to the public,
which is happening next week, which is very good news.
All right, let's see.
That's pretty much it for our gaming weeks.
Let's move on to a little bit of housekeeping news.
Okay, live listeners, I have a little bit of bad news, guys.
We're not going to be live for the next two weeks in our normal time slot,
and it's really all my fault, and I apologize for that.
Next week is a three-day week for a lot of folks in America,
because of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday.
I'm actually taking a trip to Seattle,
and I am not flying back till Monday,
so I won't even be here at all that weekend.
So, we will be taking next week off completely.
There will be no show next week at all.
There might be a best of that hits the feed if it's done in time,
so stay tuned to our podcast feed.
However, the week after on the 24th, again, I won't be here,
but that's just because I have Sunday evening plans,
and I'll admit, because it is a little bit gaming-related, actually,
I'm going to see Utada Hikaru live at one of her shows.
She's in San Francisco on the 24th,
and I forgot it was a Sunday when I bought the tickets,
but what a rare opportunity to see a Japanese superstar in a small venue.
She's playing the film more, which is not a very big venue at all,
so I'm going to go see that.
Sorry, I'm not going to apologize for it,
because I'm really looking forward to it,
but we're actually going to take kind of a bad situation for the show
and make it good, because for a long time,
we've been promising an earlier show for our overseas listeners,
so what we're going to do on the 24th,
we're going to tape a show at 10 a.m.,
which will be 6 o'clock Greenwich time,
which is in the same time zone as London.
I have to make sure that's okay with all games.
That's not official yet.
I have to run that by the powers that be at all games.
However, since there's no other live show on that early,
I don't see it being a problem,
but I just have to make sure all the sign-offs are approved on that,
so stay tuned to our Twitter,
but we are looking at doing the overseas show that Sunday.
Also, if you just want to get up early,
if you happen to be up at 10 o'clock Pacific,
or that would only be about 1 in the afternoon Eastern,
we will be doing a show that week,
and that will still go to the podcast feed as always,
so there you go.
Let's see.
Sorry, I apologize for the dead air.
I'm just trying to catch up on everything going on.
They're talking about the game
because they all know what I'm talking about,
but I don't want to say just because.
There's been previews of it everywhere left and right,
but it's just one of those things I just would rather not
without me knowing exactly what I can and can't say.
It looks like that best of might be ready.
We just have to get our intros done for it, so we'll see.
Anyway, yes, so no show next week at all.
It won't be on the podcast feed or anything,
although there might be a best of,
which if it's a best of,
it's not going to be stuff you've heard
in the past couple weeks.
It's going to be stuff from the first couple years of OLR.
It's old shit, so to many of you,
you won't have heard it before,
so it'll be like a new show.
Then, of course, we'll do the early show,
10 a.m. Pacific next Sunday pending,
but that would, of course, be six o'clock Greenwich time
for those of you overseas,
so those of you who should be excited about that
because we've been promising that for quite a while.
All right, that's it for housekeeping.
Of course, twitter.com slash OLR,
facebook.com slash OrangeLawnsRadio join us there.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, what was some of the big news this week?
Well, there's lots of stuff this week.
We're going to start things off talking a little bit
about Microsoft's Game Room,
and basically, I don't know if you would call this
their answer to home.
I don't really know if it's that.
You may remember a while back,
we talked about a survey that went out
that kind of talked about a place where you'd be able
to walk your avatars around and play arcade games.
Well, that's what this is.
They're going to have a bunch of different arcade games.
Some of the stuff they showed off
were, I know that there was different Atari 2600 games on there.
They had other things including like, you know, Centipede.
I'm trying to remember the other games that were on there
that were pretty cool.
But basically, they have all these...
There's some television stuff too.
Yeah, television.
There's some Konami games on there.
You know, all sorts of fun stuff.
Here we go.
Asteroids, Atari Football, Lunar Lander,
Millipede, Outlaw, Pitfall, Red Baron, Road Fighter,
Scramble, Tempest, all that kind of stuff that you would...
Say I picked up at least two games there
that I've already bought on Xbox Live before.
Scramble and Tempest.
So what's going to be unique about this is
you're going to be able to get your own gaming space
basically in these areas.
You'll be able to customize little rooms
with a different theme,
what games you want in there,
what other wall ornaments and whatnot
you want to stick in there.
Then they're also going to have games for purchase.
Since this is going to be available on Xbox 360 and on PC,
they're going to have different things you can do.
For example, you can purchase a game for 400 Microsoft points
or $5 that will basically license the game
for unlimited play on Xbox 360 and PC.
If you don't want to pay that,
you can spend $3 or 240 Microsoft points
and get you a virtual arcade cabinet on one platform
at either Xbox 360 or PC,
probably the option I'll be going with.
And then also for people that want to just spend lots of money
or just... I don't really know why you'd do this,
but for the old retro type of 40 Microsoft points or 50 cents
will allow you to get you two quarters worth of playtime
on select titles for the authentic arcade experience, they call it.
And the game room itself is actually being developed
by the third-party studio Chrome Studios,
who are behind Viva Pinata Party Animals,
Star Wars Republic Heroes, among many other things.
They're planning on starting the service with 30 original arcade titles
with 1,000 planned for the next three years.
And also they're going to be available from a variety of publishers,
including Atari, Activision, and television.
And Konami.
And apparently there's some more studios involved with it as well.
They're going to have...
They're going to be presented in 1080p,
which I don't know why you'd do that, because they're old retro games.
Big fucking deal, yeah.
They're going to have support for...
Well, they'll look sharp.
I mean, let's face it, if you hook up those old systems to the TV,
the TVs now are not... I mean, if you even can,
TVs now can't... some of those systems can't even hook up to them.
You know, they'll look sharp, that's for sure.
Yeah. They'll support multiplayer for up to two players,
as well as cross-platform leaderboards and achievements.
And apparently that's launching this spring, so relatively soon.
And the thing, though, about it, though,
is you can't freely walk around the game room like you can with home.
It's basically your avatars are just there.
At least when they're showing it off,
they don't have the collision detection and everything done yet.
So I don't know if you're going to be able to walk around just aimlessly and stuff,
but right now you kind of switch from room to room,
and there's different arcade games you can play.
The thing I don't like about this is if I have to purchase the games
I've already purchased before again,
because now it's going to have these other features.
I think if you have... you know, say you bought Frogger or something like that,
you know, on Xbox Live Arcade,
you should be able to have your Frogger arcade cabinet in the game.
It's probably not going to work that way, but hey, probably not.
You know, and it's... at least it's only three bucks.
That's not too bad.
What do you think about the whole fact that you can play it on your PC, though,
if you pay five bucks?
Or I guess you get, what, three dollars for one platform,
five dollars for both platforms?
You know, PC for me, it's really a hard sale
because I have a MAME cabinet,
and sadly enough, you know, MAME ROMs are really easy to find,
and especially stuff that old can run on anything.
I mean, anything.
A crappy netbook, a crappy PC from like eight years ago
will still run, you know, those ROMs just fine.
But no EP in this competition if you do it that way
because the whole leaderboards, medals, and all this stuff, right?
I don't know. It doesn't matter.
But, see, I don't know if I'm really going to be into this
because, like I said, I have MAME,
so why should I spend the money on this?
I mean, yeah, I get achievement points, but, you know,
I kind of got over the whole achievement point whoring stuff
because it's just, you know, the cost to buy games and stuff
just to get achievement points, it's just, it's not worth it.
Well, this is their way of legitimizing MAME, really.
I mean, they're trying to, you know,
MAME is still not legal, folks. You're not supposed to have it.
Well, let me put it this way, okay?
Here's one way at least they'll have a step up above home.
There's not going to be fucking lines for games.
I don't have to like, you know, walk up to an arcade machine and go,
I'm sorry, you can't play this game right now because there's other people playing it.
That's retarded when it comes to, you know, an online network like that.
I mean, come on, you're launching a program.
I understand that, you know, there's a fictional arcade game here,
but, dude, what the hell?
Why should I have to wait to play a game?
You know, Microsoft, well, let me ask Dark Soccer
because I know she's a classic gaming enthusiast.
What do you think about this whole game room thing?
I like it. I mean, it'd be great to have on Xbox
because I do go back and play old stuff.
I don't think I would necessarily do it as much on PC.
I mean, I think it's nice, especially for people who were into, you know,
the classic gaming, like, what was that rental thing that you did, GameTap?
Yeah, GameTap, yeah.
You know, and I've pulled a few stuff off of Steam, like I play Loom,
but that's really it.
I wonder if we'll see any, like, new controllers and stuff.
Like, for one, they need to fix a D-pad.
I mean, they've needed to fix a D-pad since day one.
But two, it'd be kind of neat to see, like, a trackball or something like that
that's kind of hooked up to the analog or something
where you could, you know, do some of the games.
Like, I know they had Crystal Castles on there.
That's one of their launch games, yeah.
And see, the other thing, too, is that I have a lot of these games
on the classic systems, and I do have the right controllers for them.
And I admit it, not everyone's going to have everything,
that everyone's, you know, got the vault or has been as nuts as Dan
and I have been about collecting the stuff.
But me personally, I don't have a legitimate need to do the extra spending on it.
I don't.
And the other thing I think also, too, that people have been complaining about
is, like, why should I pay $3 a game for these old Atari games
when I could just get a flashback for, like, 20 bucks
and it's got, like, 40 games on there?
There's also the community feature, I think, that has to be pointed out
is the fact that, you know, you set up your game room
so that your friends can come kind of to your game room and play the games.
They haven't said, do they get to play them for free
or do they still have to pay, like, the quarters or what's the deal?
Or are they playing demos?
Yeah, are they doing demos? What's the deal?
I mean, they haven't really given us the details there,
but there certainly is that whole idea of building up a collection,
which is your game room, and kind of checking out what other people have.
And with a thousand planned games, I mean, there's certainly going to be that element of,
oh, you have never played this game before?
Come to my game room and look at it real quick.
You know what they need to do, and this will be hilarious,
is have these trophies that you can earn or whatever achievements
with, like, little trophies that you can earn for your game room,
and have it so you can display your trophies,
and be home to the whole trophy display.
Well, I want to get back to that point in a minute,
but let me go to this real quick in our chat room, chat.orangetonstrategy.com.
Tigerclaw in our chat says, why not have it so you can view the game as a spectator?
Think of it like this.
You're at the arcade and there's a bunch of people playing the same game that you want to play.
You look over their shoulders and watch the person in front play that game.
And GS68 says, yeah, watching someone kick ass at so-and-so game in person
is better than watching a video on YouTube.
Imagine if you could go into game room and watch somebody try to do a big Donkey Kong score.
Well, obviously, that wouldn't be one of the games, because it's a Nintendo game.
But, you know, hypothetically, do one of these games, you know, and try to go for a huge high score,
which, by the way, should also be pointed out in that game room.
There are certain games they're never going to have,
because, like, Nintendo did some of those old arcade games,
and, you know, there's just other publishers that probably are never going to let Microsoft have their stuff.
But they have a pretty good collection, I think, so far.
I think there's still a lot to be determined, although we are getting some details.
You know, one of these videos, one of the guys that was hawking the game room says
that the noises you hear in the background of the arcade
is dynamically generated based on the games that are in your game room.
So if you have joust, you'll hear joust noises as part of that.
Well, you know, actually, that idea was used in something else that Dan showed me before.
And I don't want to, I know it wasn't related to me in particular,
but there's this guy who did a CG arcade.
And actually had gone around and recorded the games in action,
as well as the games, like their splash screens and that type of thing, the tracked modes,
and then had them running so that as you moved through the CG version of this arcade,
you were hearing things as you passed along, you know.
So I think that's going to be great. I'm really going to like that.
Of course, I think that you should also have the option of turning them off.
You know, because sometimes...
You might. We don't know. Usually they're not going to advertise,
but you can turn this off. They don't really demo that, you know.
But, I mean, but back to it, I think that that's a nice touch.
Some comments from our chatroom.
MacDeaf says, Sky, you can play a game in the game room like a real arcade
for 40 Microsoft points for one game.
I heard it was two games for four, because it's two quarters, but I don't know.
I mean, we'll see the specifics soon.
But, yeah, I mean, there's two different pricing methodologies.
If you think, oh, this is a game I'm only going to play once,
you can only spend 40 Microsoft points, play it once, and that's it.
I find that interesting pricing mechanic to be an interesting kind of change about this.
SJ100Matt says, can we put a Microsoft space buck token on machines to play next?
I don't think you're going to have the line there.
It's going to be your own thing.
Here's my honest thought about game room,
and I've kind of been processing this all week, because, you know,
as a classic gaming enthusiast, I am a little bit excited about game room.
Yes, I could do all this stuff on Mania, but I really like the community ideas,
and I have friends that are going to be really into this,
and I see myself having competitions for high scores on certain games in game room.
I see this happening.
But here's the interesting thing about it.
We've said this a lot on Orange Andrea.
One thing Microsoft does very well, because we've watched them kind of grow.
When we first started this show, I think the Xbox was just coming out.
It was 2002.
Microsoft has become very good at taking other people's ideas and making them better.
It's part of their business.
And the interesting thing about game room, guys, think about it.
This is not only a rip-off of Nintendo.
Well, I shouldn't say rip-off.
It's not only inspired by Nintendo.
It's inspired by Sony.
Dude, this is Virtual Console and home.
This is Microsoft's way of one-upping both of those.
What has everybody been asking for for Virtual Console?
I should be able to play it online with my friends in, like, a two-player mode.
Guess what? You can do that with game room.
I think the games in Virtual Console should have some HD effects
and should have leaderboards in them
and should have achievements in them.
Guess what? Game room is going to do that for these games.
I think home should have a fucking point to it.
That I load up my games seamlessly through the home interface.
Or that if I earn things in games, I'll be able to show it off.
Guess what? Game room is going to do that.
Game room has kind of taken all these ideas that the community wanted from Virtual Console
and the things that community wanted from home
and put it into this game room.
I think it's kind of interesting.
Now, I don't think game room is as close to home
because I still think there's other stuff that Sony Home kind of will do and does
that's much different than game room.
But I think game room is what we all thought home would be, in a way.
Even though, yes, it's very important to point out,
you're not going to be able to walk very fluidly through it.
No, so far. That was just being what they were showing off at CES, they said,
because they don't have the collision detection stuff worked out yet.
This thing is coming up out in the spring.
I don't see it suddenly...
Well, spring for Microsoft is anywhere between, you know...
It could be May, yeah.
It's basically, you know, April and May, so who knows?
Yeah, SSG100Matt says,
Simpsons in X-Men Arcade!
I know you might be kind of messing around,
but dude, imagine it if X-Men Arcade did show up in game room
and you could play it online with six people.
I mean, that's going to be huge if that happens.
I mean, the Ninja Turtle games are pretty popular, right?
The Ninja Turtle arcade game was one of Microsoft's best sellers.
Tons of people were playing that online, probably still are.
Black Wolf says, he's going so far as to say it'll come out during E3.
Possibly.
Or like, Daytona.
The racing controller and stuff, that'd be awesome.
Alright, so anyway, I guess more to see on game room,
but I'm excited at the possibilities.
Dude, as a classic gaming enthusiast,
I don't mind that they're trying to legitimize MAME
and give us a reason to pay for it.
And I would not buy every game, hell no.
But there are some games I remember quite fondly that,
yeah, I might drop five bucks to play them on my PC.
Because when you say play it on my PC, I think,
ooh, my laptop and everywhere it goes with me
that I have an internet connection, which is when I travel.
That will be kind of cool to have on the road.
And compete in the leaderboards and the medals and all that,
and that's something I can't really do in MAME.
So it's not that much.
Five bucks is not that much.
So, anyhow, we'll see what happens.
Moving on to another classic game, getting a redo.
Mega Man 10 is on its way.
And Mega Man 10, of course, they've been trying to keep
the eight robot master names a secret, but guess what?
The game is playable on the CES floor.
Well, I guess not on the floor, but maybe by appointment.
Either way, the game is showing at CES.
And although they are asking journalists not to name the bosses
and not to show video of it, I guess there was a German video
that showed up that it accidentally snuck in there.
Probably they didn't intend to do it,
but you know the bright-eyed fans found it.
And now the names of the boss monsters in Mega Man 10 have shown up.
So, of course, you already knew about Sheep Man,
which I thought was kind of funny,
but you will also be able to fight Blade Man, Solar Man,
Chill Man, Commando Man, Nitro Man, Strike Man, and Pump Man.
And when I hear Pump Man, I'm sorry, I think about the shoes, the pumps.
No female characters, then?
Not yet, but keep in mind that's only eight, right?
That's eight. Well, no, I guess there's only eight on the screen,
because I'm thinking nine.
So, no, it doesn't look like there's going to be a woman in this one,
although anything can happen.
Maybe Dr. Wily is now, you know, to check.
Who knows? Anything is possible.
No, I guess that's interesting.
Yeah, we had Splash Woman last time, which was the first female boss ever,
and now no women this time, it sounds like.
But I just like Pump Man. I'm sorry, it makes me think of the shoes.
It cracks me up.
I wonder if that's like a Dig Dug Pump Man or what the deal is there.
And Bobby Black Wolf says,
Commando Man, he fights you with no underwear?
I don't know if that's quite what they're going for with it,
but you never know.
And, like, literally four people all at once in chat are like,
Pump Man? Question mark.
At least he's not Pump It Up Man.
And Lord Moon asks, what's he pumping?
That's a good question.
I'm imagining it's like a Dig Dug boss.
I really don't know.
Like, uh, we are here to pump you up.
I don't know.
He fires steroid needles at you.
All right, anyhow, Dr. Sakura, what else is going on in gaming?
Well, the Greenpeace report came out.
You know how much stock I put in a lot of these.
Are those the people that tie themselves to boats and stuff?
Yes.
So fun.
But they have highlighted Nintendo as the most environmentally unfriendly
of electronic companies.
They put out Greenpeace's Guide to Green Electronics,
and it scored 1.4 out of 10 for its chemical and energy and waste policies,
and was the lowest of all the ones that were done out of 18.
They had a zero on e-waste,
because they didn't reduce greenhouse gas emissions,
even though they promised that there's greenhouse gas emissions from a Wii.
I never knew my Wii was slowly put away.
Maybe it's manufacturing the Wii is what they're talking about.
It did get some points for having PVC-free internal wiring.
It's been monitoring other harmful chemicals,
but it hasn't completely eliminated the use of PVC.
It also got some points for the DSiec adapter and for disclosing CO2 emissions.
But yeah, it still got bad.
Microsoft got 2.4 points, so it was actually just above Nintendo.
And of the major three, Sony was the most green,
and seventh place with a score of 5.1.
Honestly, really the tops of the ones were Nokia,
Sony, Ericsson, Toshiba, and Apple got a big special mention
for completely eliminating chemicals from the computer systems.
Honestly, I really don't care for Greenpeace as a facility all that much,
because of some inaccuracies in their own.
I'm not going to get on the sociopolitical platform right now.
People know there's a lot of stuff that I've said,
because they're just not accurate.
They try to put the spin on it for their own thing,
but I'm not going to go into that.
I do, however, think that it's just pretty interesting
seeing where I think the concern is going.
I'm all for being more green and environmentally friendly and all that,
solar power, wind power, et cetera, et cetera.
I do think one thing to study to show is that even though,
if I remember right, I saw the chart,
Microsoft is by no means a green-friendly company,
but they're higher up on the scale than Nintendo.
If they can make some cutbacks, I think, why can't Nintendo?
That's kind of like my thing is that they're both in the same business.
If Sony does really good, what changes?
I don't know the technical side of things so well,
but what are they doing in the manufacturing
that Nintendo and Microsoft can't do?
What can't they do?
I'm not going to go all hippie on you,
but I'm all for looking for ways to be cost-effective yet green.
Well, to be perfectly honest,
I think people have gone way too overboard with the whole green thing
because really I think a lot of it is probably going to get me some booze.
I really think a lot of it has to do with more ways to make money
and more marketing, more ways of...
I don't want to do the conspiracy thing
and say that it's them trying to control the way we think.
You know what I mean?
But I think that it is a degree of social conditioning.
What's interesting, and I don't want to go too far with this
because it's not about games,
but a lot of people buy their video games there.
I will say this.
I heard a story on the news this week that Walmart in our area,
Sacramento, at three test stores have eliminated plastic bags altogether.
And if you either bring your own bag
or they will sell you the blue reusable bags for 15 cents.
And this is in their efforts to cut back on the plastic waste.
And I think in theory it sounds like a good idea.
But I know me.
I don't usually plan my trips to Walmart that well.
It's more of a spur of the moment if I ever actually go to Walmart.
I don't usually shop at Walmart.
I usually go to Target.
But if it's happening at Walmart, it might happen at Target.
So I have to kind of think in those terms.
I would have a collection of those 15-cent bags
piled up to the ceiling in my house
because I would never remember to take them
and I would end up throwing them away and shit.
You know what I mean?
Look at your feet.
I know. You've got a couple of them there.
But those I always empty out.
And I actually keep three or four of them in my car at any given point in time.
So I actually do use them.
But honestly because I don't like throwing out the trash that often.
Really.
I think Dan do it.
I call bullshit on the whole Walmart thing.
And the reason why is because they're just looking for a way to make money.
Look at it.
They buy all these plastic bags
that they're going to have to give away for free at their store.
Look at it.
Now we can say that we're being green
and we can sell you bags to carry your crap home in.
IKEA makes you buy bags.
The grocery store, they do the reverse.
If you bring your own bag, they take off five cents.
Also, IKEA is like a pompous store too.
You know, fucking all high and mighty.
Smelling their own farts as South Park could put it.
Seriously, I mean, they have a bunch of shit there that's way too damn expensive.
Lord Moon in our chat says,
Just remember they're in your car.
Just remember they're in your car.
You know, in theory, that's a really good idea,
but yet I still see myself failing.
Here's what I'm going to do instead.
I'm not going to go shop at Walmart.
At least not that Walmart.
They're testing it.
They're testing it.
It's not in place yet.
They're testing it at three stores here.
Yeah, I know.
What I do with a lot of those bags too,
and this is something I've started doing about,
let's say, three semesters ago,
is when I take different classes,
I actually have my books and my supplies for different classes
in the different bags,
because I don't always take the same classes every day.
I mean, I'm going to have overlap this semester,
but when they're all in my car,
I just grab the bag I need and go,
and I don't have to worry about changing out my books or anything.
I actually reuse the plastic bags.
I'll take my lunches to work,
and I don't have a fancy thermos or nothing.
I don't need all that fancy shit.
I put it in a plastic bag and take it to work.
Or even if I'm taking bathroom supplies on a trip with me for travel,
I'll put it in a plastic bag.
It's stuff for the bathroom.
It doesn't need to be in a fancy plush case.
The other thing I use plastic bags for is when I dye my hair,
because I tend to splash everywhere.
A lot of people line the kitty liner with it.
Well, I get cat bag liners
because Jeremy has a big box for his stinky ass.
But I actually line my sink with plastic bags
so that I don't stain the sink,
since this technically isn't really our house.
I wanted to go back and read some of the comments on Mega Man 10
because there was some funny stuff in chat,
and I think Bochi Kawa hit the nail on the head earlier in our chatroom,
chat.orangehatcherday.com.
I think pump means like water pump,
and that's actually not a bad guess
because usually there's some type of water boss in the game,
and that's probably the one that's good.
I like Tiger Claw's comment too.
Pump could mean the first robot could be muscle bound.
At least they didn't call him Plump Man.
GS68 says,
If there ever is a final Mega Man game,
the last boss should simply be called The Man.
LOL, last Mega Man game.
You're funny.
Jay Dizzle commenting on this story says,
They have to disclose CO2 emissions,
so I can't fart without telling my supervisor.
Those comments from chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
One other thing, and I do have to bring this up.
We actually do need a certain degree of CO2 in the air
for environmental balance,
and I think that people tend to take it a little bit too far.
I mean, I understand.
Yeah, we need to cut back on stuff.
There's certain things that are going on environmentally
that, yeah, we do have to be more mindful of,
but I really do think that people are taking it way too far.
They're reading more into things
and making, certainly, a catastrophe out of something that really isn't.
You know?
Alright.
We've got more gaming news
and then our Classic Game of the Week before too long here.
Logie?
Yeah.
Well, if you have some EA games that are a tad bit old and dusty,
you may not be able to play those online soon enough
because they are going to be shutting down some of their older game servers.
And some of the games that they have,
actually, some of the games on the list aren't too old.
For example, Facebreaker, which came out about a year ago,
is being shut down.
Some other ones on the list,
Madden 08 and Madden 09.
08 is being shut down.
These are on February 2nd on the Wii and PC, and 09 on Xbox, the original Xbox,
Wii and on PSP.
Also, some other older sports games,
March Madness 07, NBA Live 07, 08, 09,
at least on the Wii, and that's in Europe only,
NCAA Football, NASCAR.
NASCAR 09 I've come surprised on because they actually don't have a new NASCAR game,
so that's interesting.
That is only on PS2, PS3, and Xbox 360, though, in Europe only.
Let's see, and then of course they're going to be doing some more April 1st,
and that's going to be the rest of Madden NFL 07, Madden NFL 08,
which, I mean, come on.
Madden NFL 07, that's from 06, so that's a good four years old,
almost four years old by the time that they shut it down.
I mean, on the original Xbox.
I don't know. I'm not too surprised, but maybe some people are.
But hell, buy Madden 09 or something.
I'm sure it's dirt cheap by now.
And a few Tyler Woods games also.
It's always kind of sad when they shut servers down,
but at the same time, you know, I get it with the sports games.
Most of those folks upgrade. They're just not cost effective to run.
You know what I mean?
Yes. Another game also, not exactly an EA game,
that's also having their server shut down.
In fact, actually shutting down, I don't know if it's already happened already,
but ChromeHounds, apparently, the server shut down.
Yeah, I can see why. That game really got boring really fast.
And apparently, this happened way back.
Oh, apparently this week is when it actually shut down.
Apparently, they announced the shutdown back in August,
but they finally shut the servers off this week.
So, that's too bad.
But, eh, we have a farm in core now.
And we're going to be having, soon enough, the new front mission game,
which is going to be all sorts of awesome.
Bobby in chat, because you might remember Bobby was talking about
ChromeHounds a lot when that game first came out.
He said, ChromeHounds shut down last week.
All my friends did one last hurrah last weekend. I wasn't home.
Well, it's always sad when the games that you like, their servers shut down.
Like, I remember when the Amplitude servers shut down.
I had a cry, but, you know, some of the games were just old.
I wonder if ChromeHounds was System Link as well,
because that might not be so bad.
At least you could do, like, LAN or something like that.
They don't really have a lot of System Link games anymore, anyways.
But, I wonder if that was one of them that was.
Well, that's probably kind of a pain in the ass to do, too,
the whole System Link thing, you know?
Well, there's people that like doing LAN stuff, and I mean, yeah,
it may be a pain in the ass, but, I don't know.
That'd be kind of neat, though, if it was System Link.
And... it's not. Bummer.
All right, some more news for you guys,
and this has to do with another thing getting shut down,
but not quite an actually authorized video game.
No, Nintendo has put the smackdown on a fan film
that was being made for quite some time, actually.
I guess this film had been taken, like, four years to make,
but considering there's a bunch of people that did it in their free time,
the Zelda movie was called The Hero of Time,
and they actually put it out on the internet.
I got some mixed reviews, but, you know, I mean, it was a fan thing.
I wouldn't expect anything that's, like, you know, Hollywood caliber stuff.
You know, folks were at least kind of appreciative that the movie,
I guess, had been made, but not Nintendo,
because the movie's official site on New Year's Day, actually,
so this is a little bit over a week old,
but the community site actually had to take the movie down
because the studio came to an agreement with Nintendo.
They actually say, quote,
We understand Nintendo's right to protect its characters and trademarks,
and understand how in order to keep their property unspoiled
by fan interpretations of the franchise,
Nintendo needs to protect itself, even from fan works with good intentions.
I'm sure our next project will be right around the corner.
No, it's not Majora's Mask.
So, yeah, they won't be making a movie out of that.
You know, although you might go,
Nintendo's the big bad guy coming around kind of shutting off all these fan projects,
I get why they had to do it,
because unfortunately not everyone might think that this is an unauthorized movie,
because think about how, like, you know, that whole game of telephone works,
especially so on the internet.
One thing gets passed along to another person.
Somebody's going to say, hey, dude, have you seen the Zelda movie?
Let me hand this to you.
This is the fucking Legend of Zelda movie, and then it's not good.
And if they don't protect their actual trademarks, then they will no longer have, you know, those trademarks, basically,
because if, you know, they become unprotected, then, you know, anybody can rip that stuff off.
The other thing, though, to kind of go with that, though, is it's already on YouTube, of course, in parts.
The thing is, once they hit the internet, though, that's the other side of it,
is that once something hits the internet, it's done.
I mean, there's no, like, it's not like you can say,
oh, well, now nobody will ever see this.
Nope, once it hits the internet, it's done.
Everybody has it if they want to know where to go look.
And, yeah, it's on YouTube.
Tigerclaw just linked us to it in our chat room.
And you can actually see we're playing, like, just a little clip here.
And I watched the first few clips.
In the studio.
And it's kind of boring.
Is it?
Let's just look at it a little bit here.
I don't know, some chick's crying in the forest.
I don't know if that's Zelda.
Maybe that's supposed to be, like, Link when he's born or something.
I mean, it looks like something that would have been on TV in the 1980s.
I was going to say, it has, like, the same kind of production quality
as, like, the Highlander.
It looks like Beauty and the Beast to me.
Yeah.
Do you remember that old-ass show, Beauty and the Beast,
with what's-her-name that went on to be in the Terminator?
Linda Hamilton.
That's it, Linda Hamilton.
Dude, I love that show, by the way.
Anyhow, sorry.
I guess that was a little prologue there.
Yeah, it's all over YouTube, so take a look if you want.
Anyway, release date's coming up after another story from Dark Sakura.
Dropping stuff everywhere.
She doesn't drop all her stuff everywhere.
You all right?
Can you continue?
Is this a workman's comp issue?
All right.
There are four letters I'd like to say to you.
Hello?
Oh, wait, no, too many.
S-T-F-U.
And that's with all the love in my heart.
Well, EA actually has hired somebody, so not everyone's losing their job.
They hired Mark Tramiel.
You know what Mark Tramiel gave us?
NBA Jam.
Boom Shakalaka.
So basically, since they're trying to revive NBA Jam for Wii,
why not hire the guy who made it?
I think that's a good idea.
So maybe we'll see what happens.
I'm all for an NBA Jam revival.
That was a fun game back in the arcades.
I always thought it was the kind of thing that would come to Xbox Live Arcade or PSN,
but okay, the Wii.
I guess I can accept that, depending on what they do with it,
as long as they don't make it over the top with the motion control and all that stuff.
I don't know.
I guess we'll see.
You can still play as Bill Clinton.
Or, you know, Liu Kang.
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates of some upcoming video games.
NBA Jam I don't think is one of them yet, but I bet you that's an E3 title.
That's something we'll see at E3. We'll see.
Yep.
Well, this week we actually have some decent stuff coming out,
starting off with Army of Two, the 40th day,
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and on PSP.
The PSP one, though, is supposed to be more like Contra, so that's kind of cool.
Vancouver 2010, the official video game of the Olympic Winter Games.
That's a long-ass title.
Coming out on Xbox 360 and also on PS3 as well.
Skycrawler's Innocent Aces on the Wii, coming from Exceed.
We've got a Sims 2 kind of re-release collection.
The Sims 2 Fun with Pets collection, which includes three of the expansions.
You said Sims 2 Fun with Pets?
Sims 2 Fun with Pets.
Even though Sims 3 is out now.
It's just a compilation.
Can you torture the pets in the same way that you torture humans?
Well, it's got Sims 2 Pets and Sims 2 Family Fun and Sims 2...
Not that I would ever do that.
I want Pets and Sims 3. I'm waiting for it.
I want to present all sides of the issue.
Yeah, it's the Sims 2 Pets, Sims 2 H&M Family Fun stuff, and Sims 2 Mansion and Garden stuff.
So you can get that.
There's actually another Sims 3 expansion coming in March.
I don't remember what it's called, though, unfortunately.
Daniel X coming out on the DS.
Which I think that's based off a movie or TV show, I can't remember.
Twin Sector on the PC.
Sands of Destruction coming out from Sega.
That's on the DS.
Pretty cool role-playing game.
God, why do you let me down Konami?
Their brand new music rhythm game, which is crap, called Walk It Out.
Yes, it's a game for the Wii about walking.
Awesome, because this is way better than any other good music game that could possibly release.
Let's release another one that's about walking.
And finally, a week from today, Glory of Hercules coming out on the Nintendo DS from Nintendo.
The first time that that series has been over here.
Pretty soon, Konami's going to put out a music game called Let's Push the Power Button.
Bobbing your head to the music.
What is love? Baby, don't hurt me.
Hey, going to Japan and looking at the Japanese release dates.
Batman, Arkham Asylum, yes, it's taken a little while to come to Japan.
But of course, they're probably having to redub everything in Japanese.
So that is getting its release this week on the Xbox 360 and I believe the PlayStation 3 as well.
Operation Flashpoint, Dragon Rising, also making its way to the Xbox 360 and the PS3.
The PS3 is getting a price reduction on BioShock.
It's coming in a little while, but that would be the Japanese localized version there.
That's coming out there.
On the Nintendo Wii, Biohazard, the Dark Side Chronicles.
And that, of course, would be Resident Evil over here in the US.
So that would be Resident Evil, Dark Side Chronicles making its way out on the Wii this week in Japan.
Nothing of note really on the PlayStation 2.
On the DS, there's a game called Last Window.
Myonaka no Yakusoku comes out this week on the DS.
I'm trying to see what kind of game that is.
It's by Nintendo. It's some type of first party game.
It looks to be kind of like one of those investigative games.
It's a sequel to Hotel Dusk, I think.
Oh! It does look like that.
That's what it is.
Last Window, that would make sense.
Okay, so it's like a sequel to that in Japan.
I know part of the name is Promise, so I don't understand the rest of it.
That could have to do with the story, so that makes sense.
Alright, very cool.
Also coming out, it's kind of a slow week in Japan.
I don't know if they're having the same busy first quarter we are.
But on the Sony PSP, it's got a few things.
Tekken 6 is getting a release on the PSP in Japan this week.
Spectral vs. Generation gets a price reduction this week.
And Kentushi Gladiator Begins is a game that's coming out from the company Acquire.
And it looks to be, you know, it's got kind of the gladiator on the front.
It does look like it's kind of a gladiator Roman times and all that inspired game,
like a fighting game. Kind of a little bit God of War-ish,
but a little bit closer in the camera and a little bit closer combat,
it looks like, from the screenshots we're looking at.
I don't know if that's something they're planning on bringing over here.
Oh, by the way, if you do like Bleach, Soul Carnival gets a price reduction on the PSP this week as well.
That does it for Japanese releases. How about the UK?
For the UK, I've just got a few.
We have Army of Two, the 40th day on Xbox 360 and PS3 and PSP.
We have Astro Boy for Wii DS and PSP.
Vancouver 2010, the official video game of the Olympic Winter Games.
On PS3, PC, and Xbox 360. Sit.
Looking at some of the comments in our chat room, chat.orangeonsrader.com,
some people getting in on the walk it out fun.
Bochikawa says, I want to see clap fun on the Wii.
Game Guru says, Konami's press start to win, where you press start and you win.
No, it should be the standby to win the game.
Wow. Amalthea, I hope I'm saying that right, saying they should have the walking the dog game soon.
That would be cool, like all these old 80's dances and stuff.
Everybody walk the dinosaur.
Here's the thing though, actually, speaking of all that dancing, a co-worker of mine,
I don't know a lot of hardcore gamers at work, although this guy in particular does play a lot of video games.
He told me that just dance on the Wii is actually a lot of fun.
And some of the OLR people have said that too.
It's a horrible game, but I've been selling a ton of it.
Apparently it's kind of like a Dark Horse type of game that's selling very well.
It's not a Konami game though, right?
Apparently just dance is kind of a Dark Horse game right now.
They also have this other one coming out called Dance Sensation that's going to be very similar to that in March.
But it does have the bird, the zirphine bird.
Bird, bird, bird. The bird is a word.
I still want X-Tango.
And of course Tiger Claw takes things straight to the toilet saying, how about jack it out?
Of course he means a jack in the box, right?
Turn the crank.
Wink, wink, no judge.
He means turning the crank, but not the kind of...
Anyhow, how about more gaming news?
Actually I have a better name for that particular version of it.
Please.
Ceiling Cat is watching you play this game.
They should really just call it Walk It Off.
You'll be fap to win.
They should just call it Walk It Off.
Someone gets brutally injured and they have to walk it off.
Amathia also chimes in and says, why don't they transfer the Taiko drum games to the Wii? It would be perfect.
I believe they did. They have a little inflatable drum even, but it's in Japan.
They didn't bring it over here.
So you might have to write Namco and bug them.
Or you're probably going to have to mod your Wii and import the Japanese version.
But yeah, there's a cute little inflatable drum and everything.
But those games, if I remember right, are pretty heavily Japanese.
Like, you know, they're not translated in English, so yeah.
Good luck navigating it.
Alright, couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
And it shouldn't be too hard to figure out what Dark Soccer has picked this week, but it's a good one nonetheless.
Alright, well there's some news coming about what maybe announced at E3 perhaps this year.
Satoru Iwata has offered some information regarding the next DS system.
And this is the next, not necessarily next revision of the system.
They're saying that the true next Nintendo handheld system, this is from an interview with a Asahi Shimbun newspaper, I'm assuming in Japan.
It says it will have highly detailed graphics and it will be a necessity to have a sensor with the ability to read movements of people playing.
In other words, it's going to have a tilt sensor, sort of like the iPhone.
And I guess they also, you know, have done some experiments with motion control gaming and stuff on the DS.
Well, neat.
Also, another rumor that's still going around is some sort of 3G-like service for the DS.
And something that they're going to have DS Wi-Fi hotspots or something like that, that you're going to be able to connect with people or download content or something like that.
Also, they said there's going to be a new Zelda game sort of revealed, I guess, revealed this year at E3. I guess it was sort of revealed last year.
But, you know, it's actually going to be released by the end of 2010.
Well, remember they had like the screenshots and stuff.
Well, they had some artwork, I think.
And then the Wii Vitality sensor, of course, is going to also have some software and stuff unveiled at E3.
However, though, if you think about it, they don't really need the tilt sensors and stuff in the DS or the new DS2 or whatever you're going to call it.
There's actually been some demos put out by Engine Software. It's a studio that develops different games.
They have a demo of a game called Tilt that kind of looks a little bit like Marvel Blast Ultra or like Monkey Ball or something like that.
And it does tilt sensors, or I guess motion control, based on the camera.
Because, you remember, the DSi has a camera built into it and can detect movement.
So, you can basically do that.
You know, it acts like tilting the actual system without needing actual motion sensors inside the system.
You can do it with the camera.
So, I don't think it's a necessity that they need to add motion sensors to the system.
I mean, they can never do this stuff with the DS.
And they actually apparently have the, I don't know, would call it drivers, I guess, the libraries for this technology.
This company has it available for, I guess, they're working on a DSiWare game that's going to incorporate this new technology.
So, that'd be cool to see. But, I don't know, do we really need motion sensors with a portable system?
I don't know if that's the case.
I can understand it with the iPhone because there's no actual buttons on it.
I mean, so how else are you going to control stuff?
But, I don't know, maybe we'll see the buttons go away.
That'd be kind of crappy, though.
Alright, it's very interesting, though, that there's a new DS kind of definitely in the works, it sounds like, for E3.
That could be their big announcement this year is that, hey, new DS.
Wouldn't that piss everybody off because now they have this DS XL or whatever?
But not in America.
Not in America.
Maybe they don't plan on bringing it here because of that.
But they just brought out the DSi, what, a year ago?
I know, I know.
Hey, you know what, though? Apple puts out a new phone every year.
I mean, is that different? I don't know.
Yeah, but that's just the specs slightly upgraded. This is going to be a whole new system.
I don't know, it's... stop. Just make some good games for it.
Have you really utilized this new technology and all these different upgrades yet?
I mean, have they really done anything with the cameras other than, hey, look, now you can put your face in this.
Oh, wow, awesome.
You know, actually, Nintendo hasn't really done anything with the camera other than, you know...
The DSi needs an app like the unicorn thing on the iPhone, where you can take pictures of people and turn them into unicorns.
It's seriously one of the best iPhone apps ever.
It's U-Y-O-U in a corn. Look it up, it's awesome.
I don't know about that, but seriously, what's the point in adding... they had all these, like...
Oh, yeah, there's two cameras in it now, and you can do all this stuff with the music.
You can manipulate music and whatnot, and they've got all these iPhone... or not iPhone, like, different little applications and stuff.
And then they move on to something else, but they haven't even really done anything with it.
It's like the IR port in the PSP is completely useless.
I'd just be perfectly happy if they had, you know, a built-in Mario Paint mode.
All right, we've got to keep the show moving. I do want to say real quick, though...
Giovedea in chat had a really good suggestion for the game's name that was inspired by Tiger Claw.
You know, the whole turning the crank game?
She says they ought to just call it Beat It, and you could already have some soundtrack in it.
Oh, yeah, this game's hot.
I just scarred all of our listeners.
All right, hey, one other music game that might be for real, for serious. No, really.
Def Leppard, the game.
Apparently, it's coming from a Rooters report, Rooters being one of the big news agencies with Associated Press, of course.
Apparently, the publishing company Primary Wave made a deal with Def Leppard to make a cartoon series and a video game that will be based on the band.
The video game project is being called Unusual. Don't know what that means.
But that's just all a rumor right now, so it's not some type of Def Leppard rock band or anything like that.
Perhaps Revolution Def?
Eh? Eh?
Sequel, maybe? Yes? It's unusual. That would be unusual.
I have to say this, and I'm going to take a lot of shit for this, just like when I said it about other bands.
Def Leppard is not a big enough band to get their own game.
I don't think Green Day is, either, though, and apparently they're getting their own game.
But only really certain bands that have really stood the test of time and spanned multiple decades with consistent number one hits deserve their own game.
Journey is just a personal favorite.
Well, they had 80s and 90s, and they still have that Filipino guy now with them.
Like, Elvis might be big enough.
Or U2, I think, was a really good idea. I think U2 could get their own game.
If it was an Elvis game, though, you'd have to have sensors on your hips.
I kind of want to see the focus away from these band-specific music games.
It's getting to be a little much.
Van Halen, let's face it, was not that great.
It's an excuse to release another game.
That's really what it is, because you can sell extra copies.
Let's keep in mind, back it up a minute, because keep in mind, this Def Leppard thing has nothing to do with Harmonix or Activision.
It's another company, so if there is a music game coming out, it's different.
That could be anything.
I don't know, though. I think it's all talk.
I don't think it'll happen.
I think if they do the test marketing and sampling, they're going to find there's not enough interest for it.
And why would Def Leppard say, you know,
oh, let's go with another company for a music game instead of jumping on an established franchise,
where they would get the marketing support and the popularity from the rock band or guitar hero franchises.
I just don't get why they would just go,
eh, whatever, we don't need all that stuff, we're Def Leppard.
I did like their last album.
Yeah, but I don't think it's like sold platinum copies, you know?
They're kind of more of a nostalgia band at this point.
Do you see what this is, though?
Bon Jovi's new album. It was a gift.
I don't like Bon Jovi.
Dude, I love Bon Jovi.
Anyhow, this is the part of the show, speaking of blasts from the past,
where we like to open up the vault and take a trip down memory lane
and, you know, respect the classics with a little segment we do here on OLR
called the Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer is going to jump into the vault and find a game that she says,
you know what, you kids today that don't listen to your Def Leppard
and Bon Jovi like you should, you need to go back
and look at this classic game from the past.
Dark Soccer, what is the Classic Game of the Week this week?
The classic game is NBA Jam.
Of course.
And because there is no actual music really played much in the game
while you're playing, I just found arcade samples, so...
Boom, Shakalaka!
Yeah.
He's on fire!
Anyway, NBA Jam came out in 1993 for the arcade,
and it spawned a series, and actually it was written in assembly,
and of course, as I said in an earlier story,
it was designed and programmed by Mark Turmel.
It used a lot of the big names from the 92, 93 NBA system,
and then, of course, for the console releases, it used the 93, 94,
and there have been later versions that came out on Sega CD, Game Boy, and Game Gear.
So, but of course there were certain licensing things,
like they couldn't get Michael Jordan for the Bulls at the time,
so they did get Scottie Pippen at the time.
They also got certain ones were missing from the home versions,
like Gary Payton and Shaquille O'Neal.
There's also, of course, as we mentioned, a possibility of it being out on Wii.
So, some of the pretty cool stuff, though, is this game,
and this was what I think is really the notable part of it,
is that the games had their digitized likenesses of the players included in the game,
so that you could see their faces while they played.
And then if you got three baskets in a row, you were on fire,
and so you could be unlimited turbo, no goaltending,
you could shoot better until the other team scored.
Also, you didn't have fouls, free throws, that type of thing.
And you've got your spectacular dunk shots,
so it was really more of a fantasy basketball type game.
As far as Easter eggs that were in the game, you could...
Like, the Genesis actually had one, and I remember this one,
super clean floors, where if you run too fast, you could slide and fall.
And then there were the hidden characters, like you could play as Bill Clinton.
You could play the Charlotte Hornets mascot.
And then there were early versions of NBA Jam Tournament Edition
that you let you play as Mortal Kombat characters.
And I actually remembered playing beta versions of the game.
By the way, you should play the Tournament Edition one that I linked up.
Oh, I just keep hopping from music to music.
That one's fine.
I like the Tournament Edition halftime music that I linked up in.
I'll get it.
Okay, but anyway, they actually were taken out because of the violence
that the Mortal Kombat characters represented.
However, like I said, I played beta versions of it that everyone was in.
There were a lot of...
For NBA Jam and Mortal Kombat 2, there were a lot of beta versions
of the games on the East Coast.
So I got to check those out at the time.
It was that year I went to New York.
So I got to see them a lot on the way up the East Coast.
It was pretty cool.
So yeah, just to go over some of the people in the arcade version,
you had Shaquille O'Neal, you had Isaiah Thomas, you had Reggie Miller,
Harvey Grant.
For the SNES Genesis one, like some of the other people in there
like Alonzo Warnings, Scottie Pippen, Patrick Ewing, Sega CD.
Bless you, by the way.
You had a lot of the same people, just newer updates to them.
And then, of course, you had the Game Gear ones.
Really a lot of the same people, though there were a few that,
for licensing issues, were out.
You also had Charles Barkley, you had all the big people.
I don't know if anyone kept up with basketball back then.
I actually did.
So it was pretty cool.
There were sequels.
There was an NBA Jam Tournament Edition.
There were all kinds of different ports.
There was actually an Atari Jaguar version of it.
There was NBA Jam Extreme in 1996, which was a 3D version
that had Marv Albert doing the commentary.
There was...
It actually was revised as NBA Hang Time.
Do you remember that one?
I do.
Wasn't the same.
There was a college version that's called College Slam.
And then there were, of course, all the other sports games that Midway did.
They did a two-on-two open ice challenge.
But then it came out as Wayne Gretzky 3D hockey and NFL Blitz.
Blitz, I think, was another one in the thing.
And then I think more of a spiritual successor, though, to NBA Jam
was the NBA Showtime series that came out, the NBA on NBC.
Hoops was supposed to be on there.
But anyway, that's really it.
All right.
By the way, I got linked to something awesome from XLink in our chat room.
He linked me to this thing that's great.
For instance, watch this.
Hey, Jamie, what did you have for breakfast today?
I didn't.
Boom shakalaka!
That's cool.
Is there the, uh, it's in the shoes?
Or is it the shoes?
Oh my! He's on fire!
No.
Propel town!
Actually, one of my favorite ones was, um, Couldn't Buy a Bucket.
Heating out!
Ugly shot!
Yeah.
Fantastic!
All right, I'll cut it out, but I just-
It's funny, though, that you'd get a kick out of Marv Albert being in one of these.
Eh, it's kind of funny, but I just-
You know, I'm not a big, big fan of, um, sports games, usually.
You know, I just- I don't watch a lot, you know, whatever.
But I loved NBA Jam.
I played the crap out of that game.
Oh, yeah.
And if I do watch any sports, it's probably basketball.
It's the one I like more than anything.
All right, well, anyhow, we got plenty more of gaming news coming up later in the show here.
We're gonna take a quick break, though, for our live folks.
And for you podcast folks, just sit on tight.
We'll be right back after a little interlude.
But when we come back after the break, we got a lot, a lot of rapid-fire news tonight.
Some quick stuff.
Your Twitter topics.
Uh, we're gonna talk a little bit about some Blizzard rumors.
A game that apparently is no longer being published or shipped.
Um, a Wii Wand with MotionPlus built in.
And plenty more when we come back from a quick break.
Excuse me.
We're live. I have the hiccups. I can't handle it.
All right, so I'm glad we're taking a break right now.
And we'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio here on this Sunday night, January the 10th of 2010.
Uh, we are here, of course, every Sunday night at All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com, taping Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight is episode number 352.
If you are just joining us, just a quick live programming note.
We will not be live for the next two weeks due to various personal conflicts.
However, we will be pre-taping a show at least in two weeks.
But we are taking the Martin Luther King holiday off completely.
I just want to make sure you guys know.
But stay tuned to our podcast feed and all that fun stuff.
Anyhow, we got plenty more news to cover tonight, though.
And then, of course, phone calls and so forth.
So let's get into some rapid-fire news tonight.
Loki.
Yes, Dragon Age Origins is getting a brand new expansion in March.
The new expansion is called Awakening.
And it'll be coming out March 16th.
It's going to be the first retail expansion for Dragon Age Origins.
Apparently going to be available for $40.
And I'm not sure if that's actually coming out.
I think that's also on $360 as well.
I mean, that's kind of expensive. $40?
Well, if it's a lot of content, it could be nice.
That better be a damn... I mean, a lot of content.
I mean, look at all the expansions that they had for, you know...
Oblivion.
For, you know, Fallout 3.
I mean, those were, you know, about $10 each or $20 each.
I don't know. We'll see.
It'll be interesting.
Anyways, so March 16th, if you're looking forward to that.
Left 4 Dead is kind of getting a demake.
They have an 8-bit version of Left 4 Dead that's been made by a guy named Eric Ruth.
And the game looks like it should be on the NES.
It supports up to two players.
And it's basically a PC version that is available to download right now.
So you can go find that.
I believe they have it available on... he has his own website on Google.
sites.google.com slash site slash eric david ruth
Is it a hack of a game?
No.
Slash game dash left 4 dead.
And that's just like how you would spell the actual title.
And that's available. Otherwise you could do a search in Google and probably find it.
But it's pretty cool looking.
I thought it was an NES ROM hack at first, but no. It's a PC game.
Oh, I get it. Okay.
Gotta put it on my cabinet though.
Why not?
It's two player.
Also, Rock Band on Playstation 3 is being patched.
Or Rock Band 2 I should say.
Being patched on the PS3 to make way for the Rock Band Network.
And that's kind of cool.
They're gonna actually have the Rock Band Network store in the interface.
I guess selling songs directly added by Rock Band fans.
And musicians and record labels through the new Rock Band Network.
Although I'm surprised. Is this even available right now for the Xbox?
I don't believe so. I believe they're able to start making their songs.
But I don't think they're actually... I think still in like a beta type stage.
Or a closed beta basically.
That's too bad. I wanna play some new ones.
And apparently there's the updates also adding a more robust handling of chord hammer-ons and pull-offs found in the Beatles Rock Band.
Support for SingStar wireless microphones.
And support for velocity sensitivity with the Ion Drum Rocker drums I guess.
And the ability to sort songs in quick play by the number of stars you've earned in each song.
So that should be coming very soon.
And then also Half-Life 2 on PC has a mod added to it now to update the graphics.
This is gonna be kind of on par with what we saw in Half-Life Episode 2.
Kind of like what we saw in the orange box that they released.
And the mod adds a bunch of new detail into the game.
More realistic graphics, new models, whatnot.
About damn time.
Yeah, it looks pretty sweet.
Apparently right now I believe it's just he's working on Episode 1 as well right now.
So that should be coming soon.
But it basically adds HDR, high dynamic range, lighting.
Also new updated models, textures, and 32 Steam achievements as well.
And so that's available I believe right now.
So you can probably find that on your favorite mod site or yeah it's on the Steam powered forums.
So there's a link on there somewhere.
Half-Life 2 is a pretty epic game.
I think that it should fit the play.
I'm almost surprised that they haven't released an update themselves.
Because it does look really good with the new graphics.
I'm surprised that Valve hasn't done it themselves.
But hey, someone else did.
And that's it.
Alright, well Loki brought up music games and certainly Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero still in the picture with some weekly download packs believe it or not.
They're still going strong there with the weekly download packs.
January 7th, some Blues Masters types of songs.
Tyler Bryant, Joe Bonamassa, and Scott McKeon have some new songs coming out.
January 14th is the Vampire Weekend, so if you're a fan of them.
Holiday, Cousins, and The Kids Don't Stand a Chance will all hit Band Hero and Guitar Hero 5 on the 14th.
January 21st is a metal track pack.
You get Shadows Fall with Still I Rise.
Amon Amoroth with Twilight of the Thunder God.
And get this, Deathlok with Laser Cannon Death Sentence.
So if you're a fan of Metalocalypse, you'll like that.
Dude, I fully threw up the horns for that.
And then on the 28th, Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Yeah, Proud Mary and Bad Moon Rising and Traveling Band.
Sweet!
No, I totally am going to get those.
That's a very diverse lineup. We'll put it that way.
Rock Band, not to be ignored, is doing their weekly announcement as well.
And this will be available this week on the 12th of the 14th, depending on what system you're on.
It's Alice in Chains.
Some new songs by them.
Grind, Heaven Beside You, Last of My Kind, We Die Young, and Your Decision.
So if you're an Alice in Chains fan, you're happy this week.
And Microsoft has announced that Project Natal is coming this holiday season, 2010.
That was straight from the CES 2010 keynote.
I don't think that really surprises anyone though, but they are committing to that time frame.
It will be out, holiday 2010.
No official name though. It is still being called Project Natal.
That may end up being its name.
Maybe just Natal, I don't know.
But they are still calling it that, at least in their press conferences.
Hopefully they don't call it something stupid like Wii.
We'll see.
And lastly, from me, Dr. Pepper, yes the soft drink, is going to be giving away some free EA download content with their purchases.
So apparently, if you actually purchase Dr. Pepper, every bottle apparently wins something.
You can actually get whatever system and download content you want for stuff from Mass Effect 2,
Battlefield Heroes, The Sims 3, Spore, and Battlefield Bad Company 2.
Apparently they're all going to have unique download content.
So I notice they're mostly newer games, with the exception of Spore, which has been out a little while.
But I'm sure they wouldn't mind selling a few extra copies of that.
So, there you go. Dr. Sakura.
Well, Squeenix actually put out from the North American group that they are putting Mir out in the spring.
Not sure if Europe is included as well, but it's by the guy who did, well, by the group that did Cavia.
The group Cavia, sorry, I'm so tongue-tied, that did Bullet Witch and Resident Evil and Umbrella Chronicles.
There is, though, a PS3 exclusive version that's only going to be out in Japan called Nier Replicant.
And I'm actually really looking forward to this game, so I can't wait till we get it.
Well, I'm going to have to wait, but I'll look forward to it.
And then also, Squeenix is bringing out Death by Cube on Xbox Live Arcade on the 20th of this month.
It's another twin-stick, multi-directional shooter type of game.
Excuse me.
And it's actually going to be based off of a bit of Robotron and Smash TV, so that'll be pretty good.
Those are fun games. More money, more prizes, I love it.
Not to be confused with Death by Companion Cube.
No. Or Cube, as in the movie. Anyway.
Heavy Rain also has an official release date, but it's not the 16th.
It is the 23rd.
It was actually confirmed also by Sony.
So, if you pre-order the game, you get free launch date access to the first downloadable Heavy Rain Chronicles episode,
and otherwise it will be coming out later and you can pay five bucks for it then.
The European release date for that is February 14th for Mainland and February 26th for UK and Ireland.
And then, we have Xbox Live stuff.
Well, more Xbox Live stuff.
They're actually saying that the Japanese developed games are more popular than most of the US ones, except for Castle Crashers,
but the ones that have been getting the most sales have been Virtualon and Ikaruga and Triggerheart Excellica.
So, actually, if you want to look at the top ten Xbox Live arcade games, just for 2009 in order,
there's Virtualon, Oratorio Tengram, Battlefield 1943, Castle Crashers, Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Trials HD,
R-Type Dimension, Shadow Complex, Ikaruga, King of Fighters 98, and Mega Man 9.
But, overall time, number one is Castle Crashers, Virtualon, Oratorio Tengram, Ikaruga, Bomberman Live, Battlefield 1943,
Triggerheart Excellica, Uno, Dracula X, Fatal Fury Special, and Res HD.
And I believe that's from Japan, though. Not here in the US.
Because I think here the list would read something like, you know, Uno. Probably.
Anyhow. Alright, if that does it for the rapid fire news tonight, then let's get to some Twitter topics.
I did want to say real quick, just to make a comment about the Xbox Live stats in Japan,
I am very proud of a game that I actually played quite often, and unfortunately didn't get as much love as I would have liked it over here.
On Games On Demand, the top game downloaded in 2009 from Japan,
Earth Defense Force 3, better known as Earth Defense Force 2017 over here.
The greatest game featuring giant ants.
Not as good as Bayonetta, though, I'm telling you. I'm telling you.
So good, in fact, I actually have four copies of this game.
Wow.
I have saved three, I was eventually going to give them out on the show at some point.
Nice.
I haven't done it yet, but they're collecting dust, so.
Soon.
Let's get to Twitter topics tonight. We ask you guys every week to send your tweets to OLR on Twitter,
about things you think we maybe missed, or topics you want us to discuss.
We have a few tweets tonight, a lot of story referrals tonight.
ActDef says, I got a couple Twitter topics for you, one of them is coming up later in the show,
but the other one has to do with Gran Turismo 5 details.
Apparently some more details came out about the game,
and it's in the February edition of the PlayStation Official Magazine.
Over 1,000 vehicles, modeled cockpits, physical and mechanical damage modeling,
indie cars and tracks included, NASCAR cars and tracks included,
up to 16 players online, high definition video uploads directly to YouTube.
That's interesting.
Multi-display rendering, head tracking, full weather and night racing on all tracks,
night and day cycle on all tracks, that's going to be a pretty intense game.
Gran Turismo 5, I'm sure that's going to be a huge thing they're going to show at E3 this year.
Moving on.
I doubt it, it's coming out in February.
Is it that soon?
No, not February, like April.
Oh wow, I didn't realize it was that soon.
Dang.
Alright, cool.
Is that just in Japan, or is that over here too?
That's over here.
Wow.
Ionotropic sent us a tweet.
Final Fantasy XIII apparently is the biggest swindle ever,
and links us to this topic of a thing that we ran on Destructoid.
It was a really negative review that came from a Hong Kong magazine.
I guess, and I'm trying to see what the name of the magazine is here,
I don't see it, but it was some magazine in Hong Kong.
They called Final Fantasy XIII the biggest joke of 2009,
saying the game is completely linary until the open area is near the end.
You can't even backtrack.
Of all the RPGs I've played in recent years,
this is the first which have been so linear that it is little more
than riding an amusement park ride.
Ouch.
They gave the game a 4 out of 10.
They gave the scenario a 2, saying it's a tearjerker.
The system a 1, saying it's such a crude system.
They gave the graphics a 9 and the sound a 7,
but then the enthusiasm was a 1.
So, I don't know if they...
Sounds like they just rate it low to get attention.
I don't know, well it worked.
So, there you go.
That was from a Hong Kong magazine that I don't see the name of here.
Maybe somebody has it in chat.
More links from our Twitter peoples.
SSJ100Matt sent us a tweet that talks about a new hack glitch
on Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2.
Apparently some players have now turned into Super Speed.
So, I guess now if you get a certain hack from Modern Warfare 2,
you can run around just as fast as possible.
And if you cheat online with this, you are an asshole.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw305 links us to this story about Rockstar San Diego.
The wives, apparently, of many of the employees are demanding
better work conditions for spouses.
This is kind of interesting.
Apparently it's an open letter that was posted on a Gamasutra blog.
Ouch.
Rockstar San Diego meets the Midnight Club series of games
and they're working on the Red Dead Revolver sequel right now.
Apparently some of the blog things are addressed in the blog.
12 plus hour workdays, six day work weeks,
cuts to medical benefits, a decline in bonuses,
and all that other stuff.
So apparently, unfortunately, the workers are not getting compensated
the way they should be.
And fortunately, in this economy, it's not that easy to quit.
But at the same time, that doesn't mean you abuse the workers.
I think if they really do have an issue, though,
they should take it up with the state board.
If they're working 12 hours, they're getting time and a half
and then double time plus.
So I wouldn't be too alarmed about that.
And you do have the option.
I mean, this is California.
We're in the freaking worker's paradise here.
But when it's mandatory hours, and unfortunately this economy,
it's not just easy to say, quick, go find something else.
There isn't a lot out there right now.
But it technically is not legal to force a mandatory overtime.
Oh, they do it. Companies do it.
They do it.
But if you protest it, they don't have to schedule you for it.
Because trust me, I have been scheduled for mandatory overtime
and I'm like, sorry, I have something else that I'm doing
and gotten out of it.
So it's law.
They cannot make you do mandatory overtime.
I don't know.
Blackwell seems to think that California's one of the states
that didn't give overtime to those doing computer programming.
I don't know if there were exceptions.
I mean, I don't work in that field, so I wouldn't know as closely.
But I don't think there's really exceptions to that.
The only way they can get out of that is if you're salaried.
Yeah.
And even so, I know at my work, they actually,
they are really, really anal on addressing your hours
because they do crack down really hard
if you've made someone work more than eight hours in a day.
Spazinator, PSN on Twitter, sends a tweet.
How about the reports of Natal possibly being gimped as a cost-cutting measure?
I don't know if you can gimp something you don't really know about.
I mean, this system has not really been put out there for the masses to consume.
I mean, they didn't put it on the show floor at E3.
It was only behind closed doors
and believed only in a demonstration capacity.
So they might gimp it, but you'll never know.
The only reason they're saying it's gimped is because they took,
there was a processor built into the camera before,
but to reduce costs, they're now using the actual Xbox 360 processor
because that's going to take 10 to 15% of the system resources
to process the Natal capture stuff.
I see.
So they're saying that the games are going to have some of their processing.
They're going to suffer because of that.
You know what, though?
Again, it's...
Yeah, but would you rather, okay, would you rather that the games,
maybe they'll have to cut corners a little bit in the games
and say Natal's like, I don't know, $79, $59 or whatever,
versus they don't cut corners in the game, project Natal is $200.
Plus that forces developers to make their games for Natal.
Like, they can't just throw on Natal controls onto existing games.
I kind of like that aspect about it, actually.
It forces programmers to make games for Natal.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, we'll see.
It's pulling the Nintendo on them if it's forcing them to do it
because, well, for the longest time, Nintendo had their own proprietary...
True, true. That was a big thing back in the day with the cartridges.
Bobby Black Wolf sends us a tweet wanting us to talk about Duke Nukem Forever.
You jerk.
And you know why I said that.
And if you don't know why I said that, you can listen to Bobby's show,
the Bobby Black Wolf show, and our little phone call at the end.
And why I do not believe Duke Nukem Forever is worthy of news coverage at all.
Yet. Right now.
At this time, no.
Until they put something actually playable out there on the E3 show floor,
and no more... I'm sick and tired of these video teases and things
that just end up changing in a couple years anyway.
Like, put your goddamn money where your mouth is.
I'm sick of talking about it.
And look, I just spent a minute now talking about it,
so please, let's move on with more stories.
Alright.
Well, there's some other fun stuff, including,
Sony is apparently increasing the storage capacity of Blu-ray Discs.
You know, the previous discs, of course, used by the PS3 were 25 gigabytes.
Now they're being expanded to 33.4 gigabytes,
meaning that, well, you can store a lot more stuff on there.
And also seeing that soon dual-layer Blu-ray Discs will become common,
and you'll be able to fit 66.8 gigabytes worth of data.
All that means is you're never going to see multi-disc games for the PS3.
It's just going to be, you know, all on the 360.
And longer cutscenes.
Longer cutscenes, more high-definition graphics, more language options.
It still doesn't fix the fact that the Blu-ray drive is kind of slow.
That's a little bit of a problem.
But hey, uncompressed, you know, textures,
you know, all sorts of fun stuff to save on processing power.
Could that mean larger installs down the line because the disc will hold more?
I'm going to have to install more to my drive?
Maybe.
That's neat, though, that they can kind of do that
and not have to release a new PlayStation 3.
I mean, I do kind of think that's a nice little feature,
is that they can kind of patch that in.
That will come in handy.
Especially when, you know, Final Fantasy 15 or whatever is on its way out
and they want to do Uber cutscenes with it.
Huge, huge rumor right now, speaking of, like, Uber games.
Apparently, it's a rumor that Blizzard is currently working on a first-person MMO.
It's coming from a French gaming site, No Frag,
saying they have a reliable source.
Everybody does.
That Blizzard's next game, you know, after Diablo and after StarCraft,
will be a first-person MMO.
You know, Blizzard apparently has been working on a new IP.
We kind of know that based off the fact that they've had some job postings
and so forth in the past, and that it's an MMO based on, again, the job postings.
So, you know, maybe there is some credibility to this.
It could be interesting if it is a first person.
They are saying the game will take place in a futuristic world
and players have two lives.
The first is kind of a Sims Online type of hub,
and then the second life is where you do fighting
and other first-person-y type stuff.
Apparently, it's weird and metaphysical.
So that could be interesting, a new IP.
I'm glad they're trying to branch out and do something new.
It's kind of risky.
But, you know, I was just talking about this with some people last night,
is that, you know, World of Warcraft is dominating as it is.
You know, Blizzard has to be thinking about their next steps in the MMO universe,
because if they want a game to come out when WoW gets old,
they need to be working on it already.
You know, because WoW is going to age out in maybe five years,
maybe less, I don't know,
and they need to be thinking about the successor to that.
But, of course, this doesn't sound like World of Warcraft 2.
This sounds like something else completely new.
Could be interesting.
Could be targeting a different audience altogether.
I don't know.
I can tell you the top-secret game I played this week
was also two very different types of modes in it.
So maybe that's the direction of MMOs.
I don't know. Maybe?
Well, in other news, this is actually kind of sad.
There is a game that is no longer going to be shipped,
no longer going to be published.
Nintendo has put the clothes on it, even though it's only been out for four months.
The Metroid Prime Collector's Edition is gone.
The only way you're going to get it is used.
It's been gone for a while, actually.
But it's officially gone.
Yeah, somebody finally contacted Nintendo this week.
What do you know, Loki?
Well, it's been moratorium for a while.
I just figured they'd stop making it.
They do that sometimes with some of their older games.
But it's been looking out for four months.
Yeah, that's weird.
Yeah, but it's just a re-release of Prime 3 and the other two games.
I get that, but at the same time, what they did to Prime 1 and 2 was new.
The whole widescreen of Wii controls.
Well, now they can re-release them separately, maybe.
I don't know.
Give them an excuse.
Hey, look, we're putting out new games.
Maybe Nintendo is finally being punished for just rehashing their GameCube shit
and releasing it with this new play control.
Well, they've stopped doing the new play control stuff.
At least I haven't seen any coming out.
Do you know how some of those other ones sold?
Prime 3 did okay, I think.
Well, the trilogy did alright for a little bit.
The other ones, I mean, it depends.
Some people picked up Pikmin and that kind of stuff.
They sold a little bit for a while, but it dropped off really quick.
It wasn't like people were buying Pikmin like it was the new Pikmin game or something like that.
Maybe it ended up being cost-effective. Who knows?
Let's see, Tigerclaw in our chat says maybe they'll do a greatest hits thing for those games.
She could buy the Wii version separate.
Even if they release those at 20 bucks apiece, the collector's edition was a better deal.
To get all three of them for what, like 40 or whatever it was?
Pretty much.
The only reason I didn't get it is because I already owned three
and I wasn't that attached to the Metroid series where I wanted to buy 1 and 2.
Because I just...
It's not high def.
Don't you have the GameCube versions anyways?
No, those were my roommate's games at the time.
Those were Extra First games, not mine.
He was the big fan of Metroid.
I do have the third one though. I did like Metroid Prime 3.
I just, you know, I wasn't as into it.
I think this other M is going to be more up my alley.
I like the 2D thing.
See, I was thinking that, it's like you were saying, not being cost-effective.
A lot of people maybe already had these games, were disillusioned.
If profit doesn't match output for cost, then it makes perfect sense for them to get rid of it.
I hate to say it, Nintendo should be slapped on the wrist for that.
I mean, I think they were trying to milk the cash cow there without changing the games enough.
I mean, what they did with Metroid and the white series, it was a little better.
And I think they did that for some of the other games.
It just wasn't enough.
Where's the online play?
You did it in the DS one.
This is not enough.
Anyhow, more news.
Some other fun stuff.
Let's see.
Let's see here. Sorry about that.
Another thing that came out of CES.
The Xbox 360 media room.
It's kind of like an IPTV thing that they've got.
And I believe they talked a little bit about that, or at least it was rumored at last CES.
That they were possibly going to go that way.
But this is going to be something that's going to be offered with, or I should say, for AT&T U-verse subscribers.
And they'll allow you to have access to some of these new channels that are going to be available through that.
And I guess right now, I don't know, I think U-verse is in my area.
But I haven't really jumped on that yet.
I don't know if they have the U-verse internet in my area.
I think that's what it is.
Anyways, and they're going to have that coming out later this year.
And apparently any of the subscribers to U-verse will have access to this.
I think you also probably have to have their internet as well.
But it's kind of neat.
They didn't really say a whole lot about it, but there's going to be a lot of limitations on there.
You're not going to be able to record any of the programming on there with a DVR.
You're not going to be able to get access to all the different stations and stuff.
I mean, if it doesn't cost anything additional, then that wouldn't be too horrible, I guess.
I don't know.
I like that at least there's starting to be more choices.
Because I felt like for TV for the longest time, if you want a cable-type thing, you really only have Comcast.
Now there's this AT&T thing that's... I'm all for competition, you know?
Yeah, I need the FiOS stuff to get here.
Because that's going to be awesome.
Twice the speed that Comcast downloads.
Alright, speaking of an all-in-one, everything built in on the Wii,
Nyko, of course, releases some third-party controllers for the Wii.
I usually see them at E3. They do the big inflatable Wii controls and stuff.
Well, the Luan that they released last time was pretty sweet with the ability to link up with their gun controller or whatever like that.
It'd be directly attached to it and stuff.
It's a little device that pushes the button on the controller.
Well, this year, what they're putting out is a $40 wand.
The wand is the name of their controller.
It is a Wiimote, basically, that includes MotionPlus inside it.
And it also does all the transport stuff that Loki's talking about, what the wand did before.
But apparently now you will get to have the WiimotionPlus built in, so you don't have to buy an extra adapter for it.
That's pretty awesome, and for the same price as a normal remote, why wouldn't you buy that?
The controller doesn't look that bad.
No, it's not a bad looking thing at all.
It looks like the same layout and everything.
I mean, unless you have to have the Nintendo made one. I don't know why.
I'm surprised Nintendo...
Might not be a bad deal.
I wonder if they're taking this well.
Well, maybe you just want Wii Play really bad. I don't know.
Alright, one segment I want to get to really bad is the part where our listeners email us.
It's the mailbag segment that we do every week here on the show.
So Dark Sakura's going to dive in headfirst to our mailbag.
Again, the address to send us emails.
mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Again, that's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Don't be shy. Email us.
Mailbag's been kind of dry the past few weeks. I don't know.
We'll see if there's anything there tonight. Dark Sakura?
The first one comes from Redertainment.
Dear OLR, I was listening to the 12609 show we talked about the Xbox Live avatar pets and thought you might like to be made aware of something.
Last summer, Major Nelson sent out a tweet compelling people to get the word out that Final Fantasy 13 is on Xbox 360.
I was among the people who participated in this free marketing campaign.
Recently, Microsoft sent out tokens to people who participated in the campaign, including me.
This token got me a free avatar pet, a chocobo.
A tiny yellow chocobo, which is indistinguishable from a newborn chick.
All this chocobo does is show up, fly around my head, and delight my avatar.
If I had not gotten this for free, I would not have paid for it.
However, I am grateful to have it.
I'm sure this means chocobo 360 avatar pets will enhance my enjoyment of Final Fantasy 13 on PS3.
Staycare Redertainment.
This message has been brought to you by the simple truth of Dark Sakura.
Boobies are fun in need.
Boobies are great fun.
They are.
We only got one other email.
Hey OLR, the mailbag has been dry the past few months so I thought I would write.
I've been listening to the show for a few years and had to stop listening live due to me moving to a rural area.
And I have shitty satellite internet.
Sucks because I had three months of live left.
Oh well, I was listening to your first episode of the new year and the whole Windows mobile integrating to Xbox Live.
You guys didn't think much of it, but think about it.
Most video game characters use some sort of device in game.
Your phone could replace any one of those devices from Snakes, Kodak, Nettle Your Solid coming to Xbox I guess.
To a PIP boy or whatever.
Plus with Natal, which I actually don't think will be most things they promise it to be, it could be interesting.
Anyway, I read in my RSS feed today that Microsoft just allowed Razer, you know the ones who make the morbidly expensive PC peripherals, to make and sell a controller and headset.
Seriously, what the fuck.
They just stopped Natal from getting on their share of the market.
I understand that it's a different category of product, but it still seems like a dick move on Microsoft's part.
If you don't mind a short rant, continue. If you get careless, please skip to the end.
It's not that long.
Okay, you're still reading this, so what the heck.
I'm kind of pissed about how cheap people are getting about their games.
Not so much the development aspect of it, but the materials they actually give you.
First, the cases started getting super cheap.
See this BluRay case, the same style is also coming out to Xbox 360 boxes very soon.
Let me pull it up.
Oh yeah.
You see these?
Oh yeah, I heard about that, that the boxes are going to change. Okay.
I'm actually going to link this in chat real quick while I'm thinking about it.
And going back to the email.
Another thing that follows this trend is releasing bonus content is download content, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, this is the digital agent all, but it's not really fair to people like me who can't get online.
I just got Gears 2 GOTY edition and the included quote,
multiplayer maps, which I could care less about in the extra campaign chapter,
which is the reason I waited for the GOTY edition, were just a code for me to download online.
Even Gears 1 platform had the bonus content on a disc.
If I have to shell out 60 bucks for a game, at least give me what I deserve.
Anyway, this email is getting pretty lengthy, so I'll stop it here.
Keep Up The Great Show from Tiberius Jones.
Well, thank you very much for the email.
I recognize that name.
Somebody used to email us a while ago, so I guess that explains why it stopped happening.
Good to hear from you again.
Yeah.
You know, I get the whole mobile integration thing,
but I think a lot of the things you were kind of referencing there would like the whole like see something on your phone.
I don't think there's the processing power behind it.
I mean, do you remember when they came out and announced the PlayStation 3?
They were like, it's going to interface with the PSP, and you can use it as like their rear view mirror in Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer!
That was lame.
That never happened.
It was a stupid idea, too.
But I will say, they have done some neat integration where I can log on to my PlayStation 3 from my PSP
and like look at videos and even play some certain games across the internet.
So some of that integration would be cool,
but I just think a mobile phone doesn't have that same oomph that a dedicated gaming device does.
Kind of back to something similar that I did say last week,
I think what you would see that's a little more practical is that, you know, the phone has some type of game
that enhances the experience of a console game.
Like, you know, Fable II Pub Games comes to mind,
but not anything really, I think, that integrated.
I just don't think mobile phones have that kind of power.
But I could be wrong.
My iPhone has fun gaming.
Yeah, but even iPhone games have their own problems.
A lot of frame rate issues in a lot of those games, you know.
Maybe it's just my phone. I don't know.
Alright, well thanks for the e-mails.
If you have more mail, you can always send us e-mails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
But in the meantime, while we wait for your e-mails,
we're going to need to get a little bit angsty on the show.
Thankfully, we don't have any stupid moron to inspire our FUs this week,
but that doesn't mean we're not going to let out the angst.
I have one. The waiting game. That's it.
Loki.
My FU goes to people that play on Xbox Live
and decide to drop because you suck or you're losing.
I mean, come on.
At least in Grand Theft Auto, any score that you're getting
is still going to count toward your rank, even if you suck.
I don't understand what the point is in dropping
because you know what happens when you drop?
I rate you down anyways, so fuck you.
More people should use that rating system, honestly.
I have been now everybody that drops, and trust me, it's a lot.
It's a few per game every time,
and it's rare when we get people to actually stick in there.
Occasionally, we drop, but that's because our internet connection at work sucks,
and it just randomly kicks us out,
not us quitting on purpose like some people do.
Unfortunately, you probably get rated down for quitting on purpose,
even though you didn't.
No, I am rated down 8% by people,
and it's for aggressive.
They said it's unsportsmanlike behavior or something like that,
basically saying that I'm being too aggressive.
That's usually for trash talking, but I don't use a headset.
Fascinating.
There is no trash talking.
I'm just kicking their ass.
What a bunch of dicks.
Babies.
Seriously, look at the pussies whining to their mommy.
There should be some type of check and balance for that
for people who abuse that system.
I don't really have a lot of FUs.
Just FU to like chaos.
Otherwise, things are fine.
I don't have a lot to be angsty about.
All right, a couple more stories for you guys,
and then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
but there's some stories still, so Loki.
This is kind of interesting.
There's a new patent that Microsoft, I guess, is a part of
that's for muscle control controllers, I guess.
The EMG muscle controllers.
What it is is basically a device that you would put on your arm
or something that would detect the impulses from your nerves
going to your different muscles.
So, for example, one of the examples that they show
is someone playing Guitar Hero using just their hand.
It's basically the movements and the motions of pushing
the different fret buttons are actually causing
the different fret buttons to hit in the game.
This could be something that may be tied in with Natal
later on or something like that.
Yeah, I was going to say, the way you describe it,
it sounds like a Natal thing.
Natal should be the thing that sees my fingers
and how I'm moving and all that.
That's kind of the way they're advertising it.
It almost sounds like it shouldn't have to be this whole
separate thing, but Natal should just know I have a guitar.
I don't know.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
But apparently, Natal is supposed to detect movement
of at least 31 different parts of your body.
So, I don't know if it's really necessary.
Maybe something else that they're working on.
Whatever.
If it works, it's cheap.
I don't know if Air Guitar Hero would be as fun.
There's something about the plastic guitar that is charming.
I think it's just proof of concept stuff.
I don't think they would actually use it for something like that.
True, because Guitar Hero is a third-party game anyway.
It's not something that's really done by Microsoft.
It would feel weird.
It would feel really weird just kind of moving your fingers.
One more story for you guys, and it's about the PlayStation Network.
Another survey, and I've seen a story like this before,
but this is yet another survey that's talking about
subscription-based features on the PlayStation Network.
This is a survey that went out to UK PlayStation Network members,
asking them about possible subscription models for the service.
The market research company that's running this is called IPsauce,
IPsauce, and some of the benefits that they mention in here.
Let's see.
Full title trials.
First hour is free.
So, imagine if you could actually download a full game
and play it for an hour for free.
Cross-game voice chat access.
I know that's come up before.
Member demo sharing a full game.
Not quite sure what that means.
Maybe that means that you could send a demo to somebody,
but maybe that's probably this full title trial.
Something that strikes me as interesting, token wagering.
Is that like legalized gambling of some sort?
Something like that sounds like strange.
User-to-user challenges.
Maybe like user-generated trophies.
Early access to all store content.
Well, that's really no different than what they do on Xbox.
And then this is also what I think is very interesting.
Free access to PS1 classics, PSP minis, and PS3 PSP themes.
So, imagine if you got a subscription service
to suddenly let you play all the PS1 games you wanted.
I wonder if that would be something you would want to go.
Anyway, some of the price options that they're talking about,
as low as 2.99 pounds, which would be about $5 US,
up to $14.99 in the pounds, which would be about $25.
That would be a monthly fee.
Also, some annual fees listed there,
up between $32 to $160 would be the range there.
Now, these don't necessarily mean it's true.
Again, the marketing firm could have come up with some of this,
but it means Sony's thinking about it.
But at the same time, and I've said this before
when the story's come up before,
it's not like Sony doesn't already have pay for bonus content.
It's called Core.
But it's interesting.
Some of these features they're talking about,
especially the token wagering,
I want to know more about what that's all about,
and the whole subscription-based PS1 classics.
It would be nice if you'd do some PS2 in there as well,
being a part of this.
Loki, do you think some of this might be worth paying for,
or are you just saying, yeah, forget it?
I'm not paying for any of this crap.
I don't play the PlayStation Network enough as it is,
or play on the PlayStation Network.
In fact, I don't think I've ever played on the PlayStation Network
with someone else.
Maybe in Little Big Planet once.
But I'm not paying for any of this.
I'm sorry.
It does not seem like anything I'm interested in,
and I don't care how much it is.
I'm not paying for it.
Game Guru says,
again, if PlayStation Network goes subscription-based,
there will likely be no reason for gamers to choose it over Xbox Live.
I don't know.
I think you might be jumping the gun a little bit,
because they're not talking about taking anything away.
So I don't think they're talking about
that now you're going to have to pay to play games online.
I don't think you could...
I don't know if that would be possible,
because of the games that are already out there.
I don't think you could tell those games to suddenly not play online.
I don't know.
But maybe they're talking about trying to enhance it.
And this could all just tie into core.
A core membership.
Who knows?
And Nat Elias, I hope I said that right,
says, as long as there's a free alternative, I'm cool with it.
So again, the survey doesn't say anything about taking anything away.
So I don't think PlayStation Network, as you know it today, will change.
But maybe they'll just try to get more money out of you
by throwing extra stuff your way.
I just don't care.
I'm just not playing that much on the PlayStation Network
to where this would be beneficial to me.
I mean, if a PlayStation 3 was all I had, then maybe.
But I think people are so used to free now
that trying to get them to pay extra for this might not work.
And it obviously is going to be coming,
because all these stupid surveys come true.
We've seen too many of these now.
Something's coming.
And we'll hear about it at E3.
Yes, we will.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR is where you can send your phone calls.
Or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, all one word.
If you've never called the show before,
please dial ECHO 1-2-3 first before you give us a call.
That's ECHO 1-2-3.
And then that way you can make sure your connection is working right.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
I got an FC Mobile 2 this weekend.
I just had to give it a try.
My thoughts on it went down the more I played it, to be honest.
Really?
Like, for one, the system's pretty thick.
I mean, I'll kind of excuse that,
since it needs the thickness to accommodate the NES cartridges.
But, like, after about playing for about five minutes,
my hands started to get sore.
I could feel the soreness lingering, like,
hours after I had played it.
So is it just not, I don't know, ergonomically well-made,
or what's the deal?
It's probably just not ergonomically well-made with it being very thick.
I see.
And then the D-pad is, like, not too great either.
Like, for one, it's PSP style D-pad,
and I hate those kind of D-pads.
Also, the D-pad piece is split in half diagonally.
So sometimes it's more action-type of games,
like Xanax and Legend of Zelda.
But on the plus side, that means they can do some weird glitches,
like pressing left and right at the same time in Zelda 2,
causing Link to slide around all over the place.
Fun.
And then it comes with wireless controllers,
and I tried those, and those were more comfortable to hold,
but I found the D-pads were pretty crappy, too.
Like, instead of having what I call PSP D-pad syndrome,
they now have 360 D-pad syndrome,
where they have the tendency to press the wrong direction.
Yeah.
Boy, those 360 D-pads are pretty terrible.
Why is it so hard to make a D-pad?
That's my question.
I don't know.
Although, I don't know. I didn't have the same experience as you.
I didn't find the D-pad to be that terrible on the FC Mobile,
but that's just me.
Maybe the quality varies from unit to unit. I don't know.
I also have really fat thumbs that could play into it. I don't know.
No idea.
What kind of games are you playing?
The classic stuff. I know you said Zelda,
but what other classics are you enjoying?
I was also playing Xanac,
which is a shoot-em-up by the same people behind the Guardian Legend.
Nice. Guardian Legend is a must.
Anything else in your gaming week you want to share with us?
Yeah, I got around to playing Castle of Unity Adventure Reapers.
Oh, I played that a little bit on Wii, as well. What'd you think?
I like it so far.
I mean, it's about time we finally got a new classic-vania game,
as some of the families like to call it.
Yeah, it feels very much like a classic Castlevania game.
It was like a very Castlevania 3-esque game, which makes sense.
It's a remake of the Game Boy games.
But, you know, yeah, I kind of felt the same way.
And what I like is that you can choose between normal jumping and classic jumping.
And, honestly, I like classic jumping better, because when I play normal,
like, jumping things are kind of weird, especially for classic-vania games.
Like, it tends to throw me off.
Like, I'll try to...
Like, I'll jump, and I'll press D by the other way and hit the whip button,
so that way I can whip in the opposite direction when I'm jumping,
but I'm moving backwards instead, which kind of throws me off
and causes me to do stuff I didn't intend to do.
It's still challenging, though. Castlevania is still a very challenging game.
But, yeah, a lot of folks might have missed that that came out.
There's been a lot of those rebirth-type of games that came out between,
what, Contra, I think, Gradius, and now this Castlevania.
Oh, and I've been noticing that some people have been complaining
about the lack of a save feature or suspend feature.
There is a stage select.
If you go to the tile menu, select Game Start and hold right for a few seconds,
and go to Stage Select.
Oh, nice. Little pro tip.
That's, like, the type of thing I would have read in Nintendo Power.
All right, well, GS68, have fun with your FC Mobile,
and maybe hopefully it'll get a little more comfortable,
and good luck with Castlevania.
All right.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye-bye.
877-GAMO-LR is the number to call her.
Her username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up? It's Rama.
What's up, Rama?
Not too much, not too much.
Call to give a nice little game review.
Yeah, what game?
Pop It Music for the Week.
Really? Now, I've heard a lot of kind of bullshit about this game,
but looking at your Twitter, you seem to be a little more positive on this, yeah?
Yeah, because you have to understand, on the average gamer,
and I've come to determine it, because a lot of these Be Money games,
when people kind of shit on said Be Money game that comes to the U.S.,
9 out of 10, they're just mad because the Japanese music
that they loved in the arcade or import versions out on the U.S. release.
Okay, I gotcha. You know, I didn't mind.
I thought some of the early DDR releases were kind of crap,
but I think one of the best DDR releases they ever did
was one of the American ones, Ultra Mix 2.
I think that was probably one of the best DDRs they ever did,
and I don't think BeatMania for the U.S. was terrible.
I think they tried to do some cool things with it.
It's a bummer they didn't get to do a sequel.
Yeah, I enjoyed BeatMania for PS. I really enjoyed that, so you know.
But now Poppin' Music I was a little apprehensive about,
because A, it's the Wii, and B, Beaten Groovy was so fucking terrible,
but how does Poppin' Music make it better?
First things first, we never mention Beaten Groovy again.
It's on the list of band names.
I apologize.
No problem. Poppin' Music Wii is a little bit different.
Instead of like 7 and 9 button control, if I remember correctly,
you have 5 button control, and you use the Wiimote and the chuck,
and you have to pretty much shake in a direction in order to hit the colors.
Now, if you shake the controllers to your side, that's hitting the outer green buttons.
If you shake on like a 45 degree angle, or straight ahead,
you hit the middle blue buttons, and if you move the Wiimote or the chuck
with one, you know, to your left or to your right, you hit the center red button.
Also, if you hit them both together, cross like an X, you can also hit it at the red button as well.
That sounds terrible. I'm sorry.
Well, how does it play? I mean, it might sound bad, but does it play well?
To me, it's kind of like a cross between playing Para Para or Samba de Amigo.
I can see the samba. I can see that.
How's the song list? Is it very Japanese-centric, or did they Americanize it? What did they do?
They Americanized it, but there's some downloadable content which does have Japanese songs on it.
Like, one of my favorite songs is Miracle Moon.
So I'm really excited about getting a chance to download that song, actually.
Oh, they have download content?
Yeah.
Oh, wow. Okay. Cool.
Are there a lot of songs that longtime Bamani fans will recognize?
I know Miracle Moon, obviously. Other stuff like that?
I don't remember a couple of the other ones, but there are some familiar ones in there.
I did write on my Twitter about some of the bands' names I saw when I was browsing through the downloadable content.
Is there a lot of downloadable content?
I believe there's like 20 downloadable songs. There's 10 different topics. Each topic has two songs.
And pretty much the majority of them are Japanese songs from pop and music games, and I think BeatMania, but don't hold me to that.
Well, thanks for the reminder that the game was even out, because I forgot, so I guess maybe it's not as bad as a lot of people are saying it's going to be, huh?
Yeah, you gotta thank Twitter for that. If it was for one of my friends who was at best by matching it, I wouldn't have known to go over to go purchase it.
Interesting. Anything else in your gaming league you want to talk about?
That's pretty much it. I will be playing Lost Odyssey later tonight before I go to bed, but I'll say this much.
Pop and music was 29. I personally thought it was a good game to purchase. If it was more than that, I probably would not have bothered.
And there's also a two-player and four-player mode. Four-player mode is pretty much you have all nine of the buttons out, and I think four-player mode has all the buttons, but each person takes a remote to hit the correct button.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Alright, well, DJ Rama, we're going to let you go.
I actually wanted to say, I was thinking about you right before you called, seriously.
We must be on the same wavelength.
Seriously, about last time you were here and we went to Japantown.
Yeah.
I mean, no, not Japantown, where we were at Fonamy.
Right, yeah.
Because it was something about the dealer's room, and then beep, and you called, and then I forgot what it was.
I thought it was funny.
I'm just reminded when we played on Dance Maniacs together. That was the first time I ever played that.
That game is fun. Crazy fun. I love playing in marathon mode.
Well, if things go according to plan they show, it may just happen again.
Hope so.
Definitely.
Well, we hope to see you soon, DJ Rama, and tell them we'll just rely on the phone calls, okay?
You got it.
Alright, take care, buddy. Have fun now popping music-ing away.
I will.
Later.
1877 Game OLR username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I guess we'll do about one more call here tonight before we go.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Zaku. What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much. Just killing another Sunday evening before going back to work.
I hear you. We don't mind people killing time with us. What's on your mind?
Nothing much. Just taking care of the usual stuff, the little gems that I found from Consumer Electronics Show regarding gaming.
Especially the 3D setups that they had for certain games.
What do you think about this whole 3D TV? We talked about it a little bit earlier in the show with Avatar and stuff. What do you think?
I mean, if 3D is going to make a comeback, it better be implemented right this time.
Not that red and blue stuff. Not that red and blue shit.
It has to be 3D that you can actually see in the actual colors.
Well, the technology has come a long way, to be fair.
I mean, you have to keep in mind, not every game is meant for 3D anyways.
Case in point, some of them, like Gran Turismo 5, which they did a tech demo over the course of the Expo where they had it in 3D and it added nothing.
And absolutely nothing to the experience.
Whereas games such as Gears or, I think it was, I want to say it was some other games.
I think one of them, yeah, the new one coming out, Dark Void, that one had a 3D demo, you know, CES.
And that one pretty much made the experience a lot better.
So the mileage may vary, pretty much.
What about Game Room? What did you think about that?
Oh, the new thing for Xbox Live?
Oh, yeah, I heard about that. I mean, I've been detached from my 360 for quite some time, but I did hear about the...
I don't know, I guess it's just Microsoft trying to emulate home.
That's the way I see it.
I think it's kind of a combination of home and virtual console.
I hear a lot of people comparing it to home, but I think there's also a lot of virtual console.
I think some of the things people have been asking for...
The way you see it is just them rendering a virtual arcade that Sony could easily dreamt of already baked into their home app.
That's pretty much it. All they're doing, Microsoft is just dressing up and taking from what Sony's already done.
And making it better.
You know, already in the past.
And another thing I want to talk about, you said earlier that certain phones were designed for the social networking aspects within video games.
Right now, there's a shift going on within mobile devices.
Obviously, the iPhone was the catalyst for it, but you have platforms like Android, Windows Mobile, Blackberry...
All of them are not your cheap, run-of-the-mills cell phone platform, and they're pretty robust.
I mean, I would know, because I work with most of them professionally.
So their world's better than the phones that I used to work in when I graduated college almost four years ago.
I got that, but again, I look at something like the PSP, which is a dedicated game system, and they still have yet to pull off the...
And I'm not talking about... I get if they build something separate on the phone that ties into the game somehow.
Again, I give the pub games example.
But this whole, like, you are going to actually... Because in the email it kind of talked about, imagine you're Solid Snake and you can whip out your phone and something happens on your phone.
I'm like, I don't see that level of integration happening on phones, period, yet.
I mean, it can be done. I mean, it all depends on the platform.
Case in point, Android. For example, you can actually run multiple apps, apps that actually support push, that can run while your phone is running in the background.
So let's say you do get an alert from something like you described with Solid Snake.
It will just pop up on your phone, vibrate in it, and inform you.
Same can also be done with iPhone if they opened up the platform and had support for multiple apps.
But Android is a good example of how you can accomplish what you just described.
Hmm. Well, it'll be interesting to see if it takes off. I just don't know.
Especially with the iPhone dominating everything.
If they can pull off Facebook and Twitter and all the other social networking sites on any given mobile platform,
even the good ones like Android or Blackberry, then it can be done. It just has to be executed.
But social networking is not as much bandwidth as a freaking game running video to your phone, you know?
Well, it can be done. You're underestimating the power of cell phones now.
Perhaps.
Obviously, you would have won the argument several years ago, but the game is different now.
It's a different mobile environment. When you have phones that have tens of megabytes of memory to run apps and high-speed connections and bigger screens.
I can understand that, and especially Japan has been ahead of the game in that market for a while,
but how much of those really penetrated the entire marketplace?
The G1 is pretty much a good baseline Android phone that's slated to get 2.0, so it still has some fighting in it.
Plus any other Android phone, and obviously the iPhone, the Blackberry, and the Palm Bree.
I'm naming these off my head right now.
So there's a lot that could be done. It's just a matter of the execution and the design.
In other words, it's not impossible, and it shouldn't be ruled out.
It just has to be planned to work well within the confines of how it ought to function.
Alright, I will see you there. I appreciate the perspective.
I won't say it's impossible, but I'll still say probably not anytime soon.
Anytime soon is very close right now. When Android comes very close to second place behind the iPhone,
you'll have the install base and the wherewithal to execute it, even with Blackberries out there.
By the end of this year, I should have won the argument, more or less.
We shall see, and if I'm wrong, then I'm wrong. It sounds like it'll be a good thing for gaming.
If Rob's wrong, he has to wear the tingle costume.
Fuck that shit. No way.
I mean, right now, you're probably going to get a refresh anyways with a new model,
so they may end up selling you a Blackberry or an Android phone or something like that.
And those are very powerful. Those are much powerful than your standard run-of-the-mill.
Alright. Alright, well, Zachary, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up,
but thanks so much for the call, okay? We appreciate the other perspective.
Alright, have a good one.
Good luck. Later.
Bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. Sorry to those that didn't get through.
Something else occurred to me?
Yeah, what's up?
You know, there are actually regular cell phones that would be powerful enough to do stuff like that in Japan.
Well, yeah, but, you know, not anything I'm going to see.
But there's been a tendency now for companies to compete with the smartphones by implementing some of the stuff they've got out in the K-tie already, so...
I get what he's saying, that it's possible, but unfortunately, you know, I just, I don't,
I guess he seems to think it's going to happen a lot sooner than I'm giving it credit for.
Maybe the technology's moving a little faster than I'm thinking,
but I kind of go, you know, you have to have a lot of people who are going to use it in order to make it effective to build, if that makes sense.
That makes sense.
That's my little concern.
But I get what Zaku's saying.
He's saying probably I'm not giving the technical side of it enough appreciation, so, and maybe the way it came off I wasn't, so that's fair enough.
Alright, anyhow, that's going to do it for tonight's show.
Once we do last minute stories, I want to skip those.
Dark Soccer, Loki, any of you guys have last minute stories tonight?
Or do we cover it all?
The Mega Man fan movie's going to be coming out soon.
This was shown off in a trailer back in November 2008.
And apparently it will be coming out, available on the internet soon enough.
I'm trying to see when exactly, it's going to be, it's going to be 109 minutes long.
And I guess it will be available probably on the website for the film, which is megaman.ninjin.com.
That's N-I-N-G-I-N.
And they actually have some stuff from that.
I guess it was being shown at MAGFest 2010.
It was a rough cut that they showed, and that happened actually today.
So, um, soon enough I guess.
It looks kind of interesting.
The guy that had been playing Wily though kind of looks, looks like he needs to wash his face.
Are they going to learn anything from the Zelda experience?
I'm just saying, like, you know, do you think maybe there's going to be a problem?
That Nintendo or Capcom in this case will say,
Hey, pull this off the internet, and then it will actually still be on the internet, and nothing will be accomplished.
Yep, I'm sure they'll learn a lot from that.
Fine.
I see your point.
Nothing will happen.
Is that it?
Um, this is kind of interesting.
There was a comment, I guess, Gamasutra ran a feature on third-party publisher reactions to the abysmal sales of uninteresting games, or various party games.
One of the comments was, one thing for sure, the focus has changed.
Stores like Target and Best Buy have reportedly told game publishers not to even bother approaching them with collections of minigames, which they will no longer pick up.
Good for them!
I think that's a great thing, and you know, honestly, I've been seeing a lot more of that just from my customers.
And honestly, I kind of figured that anyways, and I steer them away from that crap.
Only good stuff.
But sadly enough though, even the good stuff I recommend, like the No More Heroes and that kind of thing, in Madworld, just doesn't do well.
That's a bummer, because stupid parents out there want to buy that fucking minigame crap.
This is what's wrong with gaming nowadays.
The Wii, the Wii is everything that is wrong with gaming.
The Wii ruined everything!
Exactly.
But they still have, you know, there's certain games that come out on the Wii that you have to have.
Like, I feel justified owning a Wii, because there is some real good shit that comes out for it.
Like New Super Mario Bros. Wii was fantastic.
Crazy stuff.
Hey, one of our chatters is calling us in on a last minute story, and actually this is something I do remember reading.
I just neglected to put it on the show the night.
But Jay Dizzle in our chatroom at chat.orangessontraday.com is saying,
Crayon physics is on sale till the 15th.
You can pay as much as you want.
It's doing that whole thing where you can pay what you feel the game is worth.
You got some people paying a penny for it.
Maybe they're hoping some people will pay $150.
You know, like happened, I think, when World of Goo did that.
So, you know, I would say maybe like $5, $10, whatever you believe is appropriate.
Or maybe I'll probably go buy it and pay $6.66.
I think that would be fun.
Or $6.90.
No, you should pay $4.20.
$5.37.
Anything? Oh, $5.30.
$5.73.
Let's see what you did there.
Nice.
Any other last minute stories tonight, Loki?
That's it.
All right.
That's going to do it.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts before we wrap it up tonight.
So, Dark Soccer, what's your final thought tonight?
I finally learned to knit a scarf without messing up my rows.
Congrats.
See, it doesn't look nice.
My final thought is LA tomorrow, Seattle Friday.
I've got a busy week ahead.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I wish people would stop quitting out of my games on Grand Theft Auto.
And, you know, I don't know what I've got to do.
I'm even nice.
Usually when I'm like $1,000 ahead, I'll just fuck around so that, you know, at least I'm not, like, pissing people off.
Although there was at one time that I was trying to get a high streak.
I got a 17 streak.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and downloading our show and supporting it.
Remember, if you like what you hear, all we ask, tell a couple friends about the show.
Help us spread the word because we don't have big budget dollars to advertise and all that stuff about our show.
So, we really appreciate the word of mouth.
Really appreciate it.
I'm also being asked to remind you guys that our buddies at Understation Live are collecting the top 25 games of all time.
So, please, if you have a little time today, make a top 25 list of your favorite games of all time.
No criteria, but what is your favorite?
And email them to uslmadness, that's u-s-l-m-a-d-n-e-s-s at gmail.com and help our buddies out over at Understation Live.
Remember a programming note, there is no show next week.
Podcast listeners, you will see a new show in two weeks.
And for those of you that do listen live, it will be 10 a.m. Pacific, 1 p.m. Eastern, which means 6 o'clock London and Greenwich.
So, you overseas folks are hopefully in for a treat.
I want lots of accents next week on the Skype line.
One more plot though, remember.
Yeah, yes, please.
Tara and I are doing, or Maron Marvel and I are doing a podcast, although we may or may not have one this week, for Monday Comics Mania, which you can see at AvengersTowerAllInWord.com.
Oh my god, comics.
Yeah, you get to hear Rob's cameo.
Very nice.
When do I get to come be a guest on the show and I'll talk about, I don't know, I'll go, I'll read, you know what I will do?
One week I will read a comic, just so I can actually be on your show.
Get to my house early.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, that's it guys. Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting us. We really appreciate it.
Hey, have a great couple of weeks. We'll be back. There will be a show on the feed on the 24th.
And again, for those of you guys that want to listen early, we'll be here.
Stay tuned to our Twitter, our Facebook for all of the updates and AllGames.com should be running copies of that too.
So, we'll see you in a little while. Bye guys.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
