Tonight, January 3rd, 2010, what could Google be planning for gaming?
A brand new 8-bit NES game is about to be released, and what in the world is a WiiWa?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Joining you over the next few hours, my name is Rob Roberts.
And with me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Always ready and alert as always, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing fine.
I see you YouTubing something over there.
What's going on?
I'm just looking at an auction for a bar top cabinet thing because it's hilarious how much they try to charge for these things.
Like, they want $900 for this.
You can get two full-size arcade games for that.
These people are dumb.
Thanks for watching!
I remember, though, they beat me in a three.
They only wanted a few hundred dollars for it.
I don't remember.
It was a thousand or something, but I was seriously considering it.
If I wasn't a stinking adult with stinking adult responsibilities, I would have seriously considered it.
But, alas, another piece of my car broke this week, and it made me realize, you know, probably before I indulge in the video game habit, I probably ought to get a car.
Probably should.
Stupid responsibility.
Oh, well.
Rob, you are almost 75% to a new present.
Anyhow, yes, that's right, because you're working on an MP3.
Yeah, I've just discovered that the real player converter will convert to MP3 from stuff off YouTube.
There's a lot of websites that do that, too.
I've seen that happen.
This is so much easier because it just runs in the background.
That's cool.
And it works in both Internet Explorer and Firefox.
So enjoy your gift of Angela Aki covers.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It's freaking hard.
On the iPhone.
And then we had a bunch of Ride and Ford going on in the house last night.
And then they were all, no, let's watch Macross.
So they were watching Macross.
Macross Frontier.
I actually dropped by randomly yesterday.
Yes.
Because I wanted to show a friend the OLR studio.
And we had Sonic.
Yeah, you guys were watching Macross.
And I was kind of like, oh, anime that I'm not familiar with.
Because I don't follow anime as closely as I think a lot of our listeners do.
I don't follow it nearly as much as I used to.
But we have plenty of friends that do, and Dan's like, oh, bring it over, let's see what's new.
They had Hatalia, which I love.
That's the one where it's different personifications of countries.
So all the different countries are characters.
And America is trying to solve everything through cheeseburgers.
And Japan is very soft-spoken and never gives a clear answer.
Dan's still playing the hell out of Borderlands, out of curiosity?
Yeah, pretty much.
But he was really, he's actually played through Ikaruga the other night.
I was going to say, when I came over the other night, they were playing some Japanese shooter game on 360.
I wasn't sure if it was Trigger Hard Excelica or, I only glanced at it for a second.
It was Ikaruga?
Okay.
Yeah, because they were actually watching playthroughs of other people doing tricks, so they decided they were going to do them themselves.
And, because they, I think they watched some guy do a perfect playthrough of Ikaruga and decided that they wanted to do it.
So.
All right.
Loki, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
What did you do?
I, too, played Ikaruga on my arcade cabinet because I was working on getting Naomi stuff.
Random.
Okay.
You know, so I was working on getting my Naomi and Atomic Wave and actually also my Zinc emulation running.
Zinc, though, doesn't seem to run very well.
The loader that I have for it sucks, so I have to do it by hand.
But I tried playing Urgot, and that's pretty fun.
Except I wish the Japanese ROM would work, because I think the US one doesn't have Cloud in it.
Yes, it does.
It does?
It has Cloud Antifa, because I've played one.
Do I have to unlock it or something?
I do not remember, because it's been a long time since I've played it, but I thought it was either that or time released, or that it's some little trick you have to do, but yeah, I've played both of them in the American cabinet.
Well, then I will have to mess around with that, but in the meantime, I couldn't get any of the controls to work, even though I configured them correctly, it's just being retarded.
I did play a little bit of Atomic Wave, had...
Dolphin Blue Marvel vs. Capcom 2
A processor in the arcade cabinet because it's only 2.2 GHz whereas you probably need a little bit more than that.
So I actually have to overclock it since I can do that.
So maybe that'll fix it because right now the sound's a little laggy and it's kind of annoying.
Then, let's see what else did I play other than Ikaruga.
Oh, Guilty Gear Iizuka, which is interesting, because I didn't realize that they had a four-player Guilty Gear game, so that was neat.
And then other than arcade cabinet stuff, I played through the rest of the LittleBigPlanet Pirates of the Caribbean level pack.
And it was alright.
It wasn't as cool as the Melgar Solid pack, but it was pretty good.
Still worth the five or six bucks you have to pay for it.
But still, how can you top guns?
It's tough, so it's understandable.
Um...
And then of course, you know, more Grand Theft Auto, still no Borderlands, thought about it, but been working on the cabinet, so I haven't had a chance to play anything.
You can borrow Dan's.
I have Borderlands, I just haven't played it.
Damn, okay.
I've been sitting on it for weeks now, months now actually, so I'll eventually get around to it.
I'd like to play it too, so if you don't ever crack open that copy, I find it at home.
Oh, it's cracked open, it's ready to go, it's just, I just haven't gotten a chance to do it yet.
When are you bringing Bayonetta over for me?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think they're about 8 hours ahead of us.
I'm gonna get the call in the green!
That little wanker!
No wanker talk there, but he's like, So, I'm gonna get the green, fella!
I like getting cussed at in, um, like, other, like, I don't wanna say other languages, but other dialects, I guess you could say, where, you know, other, uh, you know, getting called a poof, and, you know, all those other types of words.
It was pretty brutal, though.
I had 47 kills in 20 minutes with a streak of 14, and, uh...
and people were pissed so it was fun in fact actually the second place had less than half as many kills as I did so it was fun so that's what I've been playing all that fun stuff awesome I'm just imagining all the little talk on Grand Theft Auto we don't talk back because it's hard to wear headphones and a headset at the same time so we just listen to it and it's funny
Has anyone invented that?
Like a third party?
A headphone slash headset?
They have my actual 5.1 headset, which by the way, and I don't know why these headsets do this, but one of the channels is already cutting out on it because I guess the cord is so heavy that it's pulling it out a little bit.
So I'm only getting one speaker, which is annoying.
I've had other headsets do the same thing.
But yeah, they have like Turtle Beach headsets, but they're like $100.
I think the cheapest one you can get that has that built in is like
I don't know, maybe $60.
But really what they need to come up with is a clip-on microphone or something like that that you can just wear so you can talk.
Because you don't really need the headset to hear people talking.
Most games have a way you can listen to it through your actual headphones.
So that's all you really need.
It's just really awkward the way it is.
Going to the chat room, of course, our always present fourth guest on the show, chat.orangesongeradio.com.
If you're listening live on this Sunday night, as we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
You should be joining us in our chat room, and check that out, chat.orangesongeradio.com.
SSJ100Matt says, I thought Rob's British accent is banned from the show.
I don't remember that getting an official banning, but fine, it'll be my Welsh accent there.
Yeah.
Anyhow, going into... It's not sing-songy enough.
I'll work on it.
If my Japanese pronunciation got better, maybe I should resolve this year to work on my British accent.
I don't know.
I'll have to Skype some of our British listeners and say, please teach me how to say cute things.
I'll teach you...
Teach me how to speak English English.
Yes, please teach me how to speak English.
I can't even do that on the show.
If you've listened to the past two or three months of show, I don't know if it's because I have to multitask a lot while doing this show or what, but sometimes the things that come out of my mouth, I'm like, what did I say?
I just totally butchered the English language.
I need English lessons from an English person.
That's what I need.
Anyhow.
You know, they do have those.
I want to say that it's...
British English as a language learning system
DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and I finally took the opportunity to download Shadow Complex to my 360 and check it out and wow did I miss that like seriously that game was kind of awesome and by kind of I mean really it is like a Super Metroid Castlevania type exploration game but a little more modernized and part I gotta be honest
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I finally got over it and downloaded the game and I had an awesome time with it.
I am really wanting to play that game through to completion and I highly recommend it.
It was fun.
I was impressed by how much they crammed into an arcade download because seriously, they could charge $30 for this stuff on Blu-ray or I'm sorry, it's $3.60.
They could charge this on a DVD and put it in stores and most folks would be none the wiser.
So, yeah, I was very excited to play Shadow Complex.
I'll spend a little bit of time with Gyromancer, which I played on the PC a little bit ago, but one of my friends sat me down and kind of explained the game a little better, because I've got to admit, the tutorial, because the game kind of
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I don't know, I feel more accomplished playing Gyromancer I feel like I got nowhere in Puzzle Quest because I didn't spend 100 hours with it
I'm looking forward to spending more time with Gyromancer Did you even bother to look at it on the 360?
No
I didn't care.
I have it on my computer.
I gotta be honest.
It's really nothing.
It's a frivolous, silly thing on the 360 and probably is something most people look at only once.
I gotta say, I did play with Facebook a little bit too, and I think Facebook looks hideous on the 360.
I hate the way it's laid out because they try to put Facebook in the Xbox crossbar format, which the more and more I use it, the more and more I really don't like the NXE.
I love all the features, I hate the layout.
What they had before, I honestly think was better, but whatever.
The cool thing about Facebook is that you can find friends on Facebook that are on 360, and you can find friends on 360 that are on Facebook.
The gamer tags and names are linked, so maybe I have people on my Xbox list that I didn't have added on Facebook, or, for example, somehow...
I didn't have Tiara on my Xbox 360 list, but I found, because she's on my Facebook, that she had a gamer tag, so I sent her a friend request.
So Tiara, if you're listening, accept my friend request.
You're making me cry.
And of course I had to play a little bit of Last.fm too.
I had to catch up on all this crap I missed.
I realize this is like months old, but it was all new to me.
But anyway, the Twitter response I got to my tweet about, hi, for my 360, I have one again, was, oh, well, guess your PlayStation 3 is going to be collecting dust now, huh?
No, I think,
Honestly, this little bit of downtime has really raised my respect for Sony because I know we've given them a lot of crap on the show, and rightfully so.
Don't get me wrong.
I haven't suddenly said Sony is forgiven for everything they've done wrong.
I think they made lots and lots of great improvements in 2009, and there's things I look forward to from them in 2010.
And in fact, there's going to be some cases where it's 360 versus PlayStation 3.
I'm going the route of PlayStation 3.
For example, Final Fantasy XIII.
I plan to buy that on PlayStation 3.
Better controller, better graphics.
I think the game was designed for that in the first place that's just where I'm going Microsoft fans, put down the hate mail because there's some things I'm going to opt for on 360 as well for instance a lot of the things that have online play I just know more people on 360 that's probably where I'll go with those games plus I'm still playing a lot of DJ Hero and that's on Playstation 3 for me so I have to throw that out there too I finally got the trophy for playing every song in the game at least once even the songs I didn't want to play I finally played everything at least once so making good progress there
Um...
I'm going to our chat room again, chat.orangeloungeradio.com Some people wondering what NXE was, because I just rattled that off.
Yeah, that's the new Xbox experience.
That's the new interface they launched.
When was that?
Was that last holiday?
That was about September of 08?
I think so.
When they switched from what was called the Blades to this new system that I can't stand.
I cannot stand the new 360 layout.
I love it.
Sony fans, I'll give you that.
I think PlayStation 3 makes a hell of a lot more sense than 360 does to navigate around in.
I actually think it's really simple how they have it set up.
There's so much useless garbage in there.
Do you know how long it took me to figure out how to change my theme?
Something that shouldn't be that hard.
Oh, I have to go into myself and then it's there.
Oh, it's not in the guide button.
It's not in these other settings.
Oh, I have to do this and this.
I thought that made perfect sense for it to be there.
I mean, if it's my theme, it would be my preference.
Yeah.
But there's nowhere on that box to say my preferences.
In fact, if you hit the guide button and go into preferences, you get a bunch of console preferences that have nothing to do with theme, but like parental guides and user ratings and things I thought I disabled.
That's not where I thought to go.
I like it better.
I like how it's laid out better.
I think that it makes a lot more sense the way it's laid out.
The only thing that I don't like is just the ads, I guess, for the stuff that I don't care about.
But really, the stuff that I want to get to quickly, I can get to very quickly.
And to be fair, Sony has the ads too.
So if I'm going to hate it on 360, I have to hate it on Sony.
But I just... I don't know.
The crossbar just works better for me than NXT's been working.
But...
To Microsoft's credit, they tend to upgrade their crap pretty fast.
And maybe some of these things that I'm QQing about, they will fix on the next update, even though I think they're only doing them yearly now, I'm not sure.
Anyhow, that's pretty much it for my gaming week.
I know I talked about a lot of games, and really, I didn't even talk about everything I played, because I went on a shopping spree on Steam, because they've been having their massive holiday sale.
I don't know if any of you guys alluded to this.
Dude, I got Morrowind for five bucks yesterday.
Just because it was five bucks and I liked Oblivion, yet I'd never played Morrowind.
So I was like, yeah, I'm going to drop five bucks on it.
And I got Luminous last week, and I think there was another game I bought too.
That's the problem with this stinking Steam sale is that, yeah, the games are only five bucks, but suddenly I bought four of them.
I dropped 20.
You've just been friended, Rob.
Yay!
Did you get a message from Tiara?
She's listening.
Thank you, Tiara.
Now I'm going to kick your ass in Puzzle Fighter.
I'm just kidding.
We'll rock band or something.
Anyhow, that's it for my gaming week.
So let's go to housekeeping.
Podcast listeners, I know you thought we've neglected you and I'm sorry.
And that's my bad.
That has nothing to do with Jamie or Matt.
That's my responsibility and I've really slacked on it over the holidays.
But I...
Crack the whip today.
I got all four shows from December up, and we are caught up.
Although I don't like to make New Year's resolutions, one of my goals, let's say, for 2010 is to do Monday turnarounds on the shows so that those are up on the feeds on Monday.
So keep me on my toes, Twitters and Facebookers.
If I don't have the show up, tell me to quit playing WoW and get the damn show up.
It is, by the way, it is not as simple as just clicking a button that says upload because we do edit the show.
When I say edit, we don't edit content.
We don't really edit anything out unless there's like a huge technical failure that causes the show to go down for 10 minutes or something.
But we have to clean up the actual MP3s themselves, take out the little, you know, you're listening to all games radio and all that and the little stuff that gets in the master file and all that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and our old pal Bobby Blackwolf who does the show before us is going to join us because he always has us on his show but we never seem to get him on ours because we're on after him so there's no real tease at the end of the show because we go off air at that point but we're going to get him on the show tonight to at least say thank you and let him participate in our silly little game but before we get to the games we get to the news Loki yes there's a rumor kind of involving the development of the PlayStation 4 which you know
You know it's coming, eventually.
And obviously they're probably, you know, they started work on it the day after the PlayStation 3 came out.
So one of the possible pieces of technology that will be in the PlayStation 4 and possibly considered for additional units afterwards would be this thing called Project Larrabee.
And what it is, is it's actually a...
A piece of hardware developed by Intel And it's kind of an architecture that revolves around a lot of CPUs, that's for sure Because, you know, the kind of diagram that they have They have a bunch of different CPU cores, including this picture I think it's about 16 cores And each with their own, you know, cache And kind of revolving around this thing they call a ring bus Um
PC Watch's Hiroshinji Goto
Naming some unnamed sources familiar with Intel's long-awaited larvae project.
And also, apparently, Intel was pursuing relationships with Microsoft and Nintendo as well for their next-gen consoles.
So, maybe this technology might not be only in the Sony console.
And who knows if it's even going to be in the Sony console.
But, um...
I don't know, it's kind of neat.
In something like this, you know, they could definitely scale it to however many processors they want in there.
Actdeft in chat says, Breaking news, PS4 is coming, eventually.
Which I think is what a lot of us that just kind of looked at this story went, yeah, okay, so PS4, they're already planning some of the stuff for it, sure, it's going to happen sometime.
What would this really mean for the system?
I mean, is this just a boost in power?
Is this, you know, is this vaporware like the emotion engine chip?
I mean, what is this?
Well, multi-processors like that, I mean, obviously it's going to be the crunch, everything from graphics to physics,
GameLogic, whatever.
With this, obviously, you're going to be able to push better graphics, better physics in the games, more detailed gameplay, better sound, a whole lot more detail in there.
Problem is, though, when you are able to push that much details, you have to also create that much detail, and then development costs rise, and so on and so forth.
So there is kind of a
I... Downside to everything.
That's how Nintendo's kind of getting around it because their system isn't really pushing that, you know, great graphics.
Although there are companies that will try to kind of squeeze every ounce of, you know, power out of the Wii.
You know, you don't have to because their console doesn't look that... I mean, there's only so much they can do graphic-wise in there, so... Kind of to let the gameplay shine through.
But with Sony, though, you know, it's really all about...
Just trying to push better graphics, better specs, better everything.
I mean, that's really what they've been...
Do them from the get-go.
That's what they've been really pushing with.
Remember with the PlayStation 3?
They're like, oh yeah, all the games are going to come out at 1080p.
Everything's going to run at 120 frames per second.
It's going to be super awesome.
You're just going to blow your load when you see anything on the screen.
That type of stuff.
And obviously that didn't really happen.
I mean, a lot of this stuff comes out now at 720p.
Nothing is running at 120 frames per second.
I mean, TVs...
Most TVs out there, you wouldn't be able to see that.
Let me ask a weird, maybe tangent kind of question that I don't even know if it has an easy answer, so I'm really posing this to chat as well.
I know we say this a lot.
I've said this as a kid and I've said this growing up and I'm sure a lot of you did this too.
Like even back in the Nintendo days, 8-bit NES days.
Dude, games look so realistic now.
I don't know how they're going to look any better.
I mean, it looks like a cartoon on my screen.
It's awesome, right?
We always kind of say that and then somehow they get better.
But I really feel like we're at this point now where like PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, like the stuff that that renders really is close to like DVD, Blu-ray quality.
I mean, what is left to improve?
My eye cannot tell the difference that easily between 720p and 1080p.
How are they going to justify an upgrade to PlayStation 4?
And the other thing too is, I mean, who knows what the technology is going to be like when the PlayStation 4 comes out.
I mean, how long did it take for them to develop, you know...
High Definition, 720p, 1080p, and so on.
It's only a few years.
I mean, we have no idea what technology is going to be like then.
And I mean, this kind of processor, I wouldn't be surprised if we see this in a future PC processor or anything, this lower B thing where you can add something beyond four cores.
You can just add as many cores as you want.
I mean, granted, the chip might be bigger or you have multiple processors in there and stuff, but I don't know.
It's interesting.
I guess I have to admit, you have a pretty good argument there.
The thing that it will do we haven't thought of yet, or it would already be in the system.
Or they're just making it to do things that we haven't thought of yet.
What about, and this might be crazy talk, but especially with, you know, Avatar, the movie having done so well at the box office and being so well received, especially as the visuals.
I mean, I haven't seen it yet myself, and I know I ragged on it, but clearly I must have been wrong because everybody I know has been raving about the movie.
Even if they don't like the story, everybody's pretty consistent with, but the visuals, wow, wow, wowie, wow.
You know, is this whole 3D...
2 1⁄2 hours.
Oh, okay.
I'll see you next time.
Yeah, hilarious.
AmazeSatsuma in chat says, the PlayStation 4 will give you new eyes to see its new, better, older graphics.
Dude, you might be joking, but if we're talking 3D, you gotta have those glasses, right?
That's new eyes of a sort.
Not really.
Well, yeah, I mean, you do need the glasses.
I think that, you know, I could see something, you know, for, like, realty, where it's just polarized glasses.
Those things are cheap.
You know, I'd rather have that than $200 shutter glasses, so...
and I guess the old rule of thumb is gaming has to get closer and closer to the holodeck from Star Trek is that every system brings us one step closer to the holodeck and 3D glasses will be a pretty big step in that direction until eventually I do my PlayStation 6 is just a room in my house that I walk into and you know computer activate Final Fantasy program and I am in the holodeck basically that's where gaming is headed right?
You remember we did have the U-Force?
The U-Suck?
The U-Force.
My friend had one of those and it did not work like you would think in the advertisements, that's for dang sure.
I've got one of the ones that came with, oh shoot, what was that game that was on Genesis and then on Sega CD?
The Activator.
But now I can't remember the game and it was a really cool game.
I will never forget when Loki took the activator and made it a Para Para Paradise controller.
No, I thought about it.
Basically, I just took it apart.
No, actually, I didn't even take it apart.
I just threw it away.
Or, I don't know what I did with that.
I was going to, though.
How long until someone puts their dick in it?
Because that's... Not necessarily how long.
It's basically, as I've seen before, it's TTP.
Time to penis.
And whether it be like... Is there a website dedicated to this?
No, there isn't.
But it's basically, you know, in how long will someone create a penis with it or put their penis in it?
Or use it... And install Linux on it.
That's the other question.
Or use it in conjunction with their penis.
That's basically... You know, like for example...
The Wii Vitality Sensor.
How long until someone puts a penis into that?
LittleBigPlanet.
How long until someone creates a penis in that?
That was like milliseconds.
There's a whole bunch of stuff like that.
That is a good point.
If we get to the holodeck, there's going to be guys that never leave the house.
I mean...
I hope the holodeck has a holobathroom because people will live there.
It's going to be strange.
Anyhow.
Alright, hey, changing tones completely.
Something else that game devices do these days is play movies and obviously digital distribution is getting big but some studios might have some second thoughts after what happened this week.
Sony apparently put the movie Armored, which is a new release that's playing in theaters right now.
I had not heard of this movie but it looks like the
Bow, Pow action type of flick that I would not usually see.
It's Armored is the movie and it's Matt Dillon and Lawrence Fishburne and Jean Reno and all these people.
Oh, Peter Petrelli's in it though.
I see him in the poster.
All these people are in this movie, Armored.
And apparently, the movie... I don't know how it's doing at the box office.
I don't think it's in the top ten.
Because, like, what?
You've got Avatar and the Sherlock Holmes and the Alvin and the freaking Chipmunks.
How did that happen?
And all this.
Well, Armored, despite the fact that it's not doing well in theaters, maybe this is not helping the case.
It was available for download on the PlayStation Store this week.
That's right, you could actually download a movie already in theaters on the PlayStation Store.
Not just that, it was up for free.
I call that the internet.
Well, yeah, but usually this type of thing is not, like, officially done by Sony.
And, to be honest, this really wasn't either.
It was, of course, lol whoopsie, you know, somebody accidentally put that thing up long before it should have gone up and put it up for the price of free.
But what I think is interesting about this, I mean, yeah, haha, point and laugh, do your Nelson, aha, you know, at Sony for whatever happened over this.
But I find it interesting that...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Nobody's waiting to deliver the movie to the service.
And I realize, I think this is one of Sony's studios that put the movie out.
So maybe that's part of the reason.
But, I mean, isn't that kind of weird that it was sitting there on the store waiting to go?
Probably all these movies are already sitting on the store if people knew how to hack in there.
Keep in mind that, and this even goes back to the VHS days, is that there were often screener copies available for awards ceremonies and whatnot.
I actually had a copy of American Pie, not American Pie, American Beauty.
When, no, I take that back, I take that back.
It was Titanic is what I had.
I had a screening version of Titanic when it had just gotten out of the theater.
That's the only way I was going to see it was for free.
Yeah, a really, really good friend of mine who may or may not be sitting in this room used to get those screener copies all the time.
No, not those kind of screener copies.
Not the review screeners.
The actual... For your consideration, Oscar screeners.
Yes.
They have screen copies of movies literally right... Sometimes even before they come out.
We watched Snakes on a Plane at my work right before we went to theaters and...
Yay!
But, you know, it... I saw that at Disneyland.
It's done.
You know, it can be done.
It's just... Yeah, but I don't think PlayStation 3 is being used as a screening service.
Although, kind of interesting if it could be.
I'm kind of surprised that they don't have... You know, because with piracy and everything going on, I'm kind of surprised they don't have a device.
It'll be funny, though, if that copy gets ripped and just, you know, dumped and then that is... I'm sure it already happened.
It happened long before you thought of it.
Here's the thing, though.
I don't care about that movie at all.
If I saw it for free, I'd be like, nope, still don't want to watch it.
Sorry.
I have better things to do for an hour and a half.
Yeah, but still, I'm going to say call weird on the whole it was up on the marketplace long before it should have been, right?
Yeah.
That does kind of go without saying.
Well, I'm sure somebody's going to get a write-up over that one.
We'll see what happens now.
Someone's probably pissing their pants.
Probably already fired.
Well, how about...
Now, I don't really think this is strange news at all, but Final Fantasy XIII sales have actually decreased from how they were during the release.
I don't see why that's a really big thing, because just about when anything comes out, especially something big like that, everyone's going to be picking up their copy during the first week.
It had a million plus sales.
release day, broke records for the first week, and then it basically dropped about a million units into the second week.
It did take a dip because everyone's already bought it.
Also, Squeenix is pretty much like, well, when it gets the worldwide release, we're going to hit our numbers, so they're not too worried about it.
I think another thing, especially with Final Fantasy XIII is that they, dude, they released it the week before Christmas, so of course the second week is gonna, I mean, I don't know how big of a holiday Christmas is in Japan compared to here, I'm imagining it's not quite the same big deal and same shopping patterns that we have here but, you know, still, that's gotta have some impact is that you don't really have the amount of holiday purchasing going on in the second week when you release your game the week before a big holiday, right?
I'm sure that's a part of it too.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and in Europe.
Huge first week sales.
Huge drop-off second week.
90% drop-off second week.
And unfortunately, they're just not releasing at a time like Christmas where it's going to sell consistently.
March is kind of a weird month.
They should have already had it ready.
We'll see.
Alright, so other things might cause the drop-off of Final Fantasy XIII would be WeWa.
Okay, well maybe not, but WiiWa is this thing, I think I talked about it on the show before, because this is where I got my Cage Match song, D-A-N-C-E, from, at least the idea for it.
Basically, WiiWa is a brand new game that's coming out, and it's using a unique...
So, um...
it looks neat, I guess I don't know
What kind of game is it?
Is it a pet sim game?
Is it like an action game?
No, it's like an action game.
It's like something you'd see from Rare or something even.
Just kind of a little platformer game where you walk around and you sneak up on enemies and stuff like that.
They have little mini games in there including one that I guess the WiiWare has these bungee cord things on it where you can fling it into the air and you kind of do that almost like a spring.
I'm pulling up a little video here in studio courtesy of our chat room.
These little, looks like a, kind of a Crash the Bandicoot Oh, you put the Wiimote in its mouth, so you force feed it Okay Oh, so you have to like, shake the thing around, that's kind of cute Back and forth and stuff
That's adorable.
It is kind of cute.
Like, I noticed that, you know, it's not aimed at adults.
They have a little, like, six-year-old kid in the video doing this.
That's cute.
I would totally play this.
Oh!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Although I will point out, that little stuffed animal has a hole in its mouth.
Time to penis?
15 seconds.
Just saying.
It's a new peripheral.
It has to be measured.
No pun intended.
That's true.
Speaking of adorable and cute games, although this one I don't think Jamie plays quite as much.
Maybe she should, though.
And if she wants to know where to begin, LittleBigPlanet has done the first annual Saki Awards, or that they're calling them the Sakademy Awards.
I think that's a really cute little pun there.
The Sakademy Awards.
Media Molecule has been giving out all these types of awards.
Did you know there's 1.5 million LittleBigPlanet levels right now?
Holy crap.
That's a lot.
How many stupid levels make up?
Probably 1.49 million really bad levels.
That's still a lot, though, if you have 100,000 good levels.
That's true, that's true.
Some of the awards that they gave out, Best Mashima Video, Best Visuals and Use of Special Effects, Best Use of Story in a Level, and all more.
The Best Visuals one was pretty awesome.
It was a post-apocalyptic, I think was the name of it, and it actually had...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and put them on a separate planet or something or put them in a separate menu.
Something where I can go straight to the best.
Where I can weed through all the crap that's out there and just go straight to these levels I have to see.
I wonder if they had a category for best trophy whoring level.
Because remember when the game first came out, all the high-rated levels were like, earn seven trophies in 30 seconds!
I was looking at some of the other ones on there, because of course the Contra one won for best collaboration, which is awesome.
All the Contra levels, as it should have.
There was best...
Logic Device or something like that.
Or Computer.
And it was the LittleBigPlanet Calculator because that was really, really involved.
There was... I'm trying to think what some of the other ones were.
There was like a Best Community Project.
I didn't understand what that was.
I think it was just like tools.
Like they had logic tools that you could use for your machines and stuff.
But yeah, definitely check out the post-apocalyptic level because that looked pretty...
Thank you for watching!
At the same time, when I have been playing LittleBigPlanet recently, I've been checking out those new Pirates of the Caribbean levels, so I haven't had time to check out the Academy winners.
How'd you like those?
It was cute.
I didn't play a whole lot, so I can't really give you a full review yet, but I was kind of surprised that you can't stay underwater very long.
Are there items later that increase your breathing time and things I haven't gotten to yet?
You can get scuba gear that allows you to breathe underwater forever, so you can get that.
I figured that was there, yeah.
I did like how the water can raise and lower.
There was one part of the very first level where you can flood the town and then you bring the flood down.
That was kind of neat.
I just love the fact that LittleBigPlanet is still being supported and that they haven't taken that route that I think some developers would have and put all this in LittleBigPlanet 2.
They've really been supporting this one game.
It's...
A really good PlayStation 3 value, I gotta say.
Color me impressed.
I named it my game of the year last year, and I still stand by it.
I think that's one of the greatest games they've released in quite some time.
Maybe I'm just biased, I don't know.
Anyhow, moving on with more news, and we'll get to release dates.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
I have some news about Sonic Racing for 360.
Not Sonic R, just to clarify.
But there's actually going to be characters that you can use for Sonic Racing.
Namely, your avatars will be playable and Banjo-Kazooie.
Well, I really don't give a crap about Banjo.
I actually think it would be pretty cool to go ahead and use my avatar.
And the other characters in the game, too, are, of course, Sonic, Tails, Shadow, I from Super Monkey Ball, Samba.
That was in the Samba de Amigo Monkey.
Oh, cute.
Beat from Jet Set Radio, Alex Kidd, Billy Hatcher, and... Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Sega is acknowledging Jet Set Radio?
Yes.
That's good, right?
Alex Kidd.
Oh, wow.
When was the last time we had an Alex Kidd game?
Billy Hatcher and Ryo Hazuki, the guy from Shenmue.
Wow, it's like Sega's throwing bones at all these fans.
Like, damn it, we need a new Jet Set future, Jet Set Radio.
Damn it, we need a new Shenmue.
And now they're teasing us with this silly little racing game.
Well, you remember when they teased us with having knights in that stupid eye toy game back when?
Oh, yeah.
Knights in the game?
No.
But they said that there's rumors, though, that other possibilities is Ulala and Akira from Virtua Fighter and Vice from Skies of Arcadia.
Now they're just being mean.
Like, we all know there's not going to be another Space Channel 5 game.
There could be.
Space Channel 5.
I really wish there would be, but they're just being mean by putting Ulala in the game.
That's just rude.
Space Michaels in the game.
If they put Pudding Dye in there, I'm going to scream.
Because she was my favorite.
I'm Pudding.
She was my favorite.
For me, sorry, it was Jaguar.
With his little group.
I bought steampunk stuff.
Thank you for watching!
Girl would have it in her band.
I think it was like the Taylor Swift microphone or something.
I bought that for my, you know, because I liked karaoke and all that stuff.
It was really funny and it made me laugh when my avatar was like dancing with it.
But then I was thinking like, okay, if I'm playing this racing game or whatever, you're not going to see that microphone shoved in the back of the car.
That'd be funny though.
Speaking of which, I completely forgot about that.
Remember that racing game that they had out that was free to download and then they have all those expansions you have to buy and stuff to it?
On 360?
Yeah.
Well, keep in mind I've been asleep for like the past five months on 360.
That came out like in July.
Oh, did it?
I think.
I don't know.
I don't even remember if it came out.
So many games, so little time.
I don't know.
Honestly, because... No, I don't know if it came out because I would have downloaded it because it would have been free.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So many games, so little time.
Keep in mind, we all have day jobs.
Your game sites, you like to go surf and all that, they get paid to play games eight hours a day and all that.
We don't do that.
We have to work in our free time, so sometimes we can't play everything.
And by the way, chat, there's a lot of folks in chat saying...
Like Misty says, Barbie crap?
I bought a cell phone and I got the free Chocobo.
I waste enough money on Rock Band download content.
Actdeft said I would have expected Disney stuff, but Barbie, come on Rob.
I wasn't being literal.
It wasn't literally Barbie, but I call it that because, I mean, it's basically the same thing.
It's like a Dresher Barbie doll, and there's no...
I did pay for Avatar content, did I tell you?
What'd you buy?
I got one of the steampunk outfits.
I actually have leftover points.
Do you have one of those ginormous helmets or something?
No, I got like the duster jacket with the kind of gypsy top.
But I'm actually planning on getting the rest of the steampunk set.
Because actually, I don't really buy much with my points.
Dan usually puts all the points on his account and buys the stuff for us.
So I was going to go ahead and get the rest of the steampunk outfit.
Because I think the stuff's cute.
Okay.
I have Sims stuff, what's the difference?
One of the games I didn't mention during my gaming week but I did play for a little while was 1 vs 100 and I was actually cracking up because sometimes it'll show these random people in the mob who get questions right or wrong and it cracks my shit up when I see this person wearing just like a t-shirt and jeans but they have one of those uber robot helmets on their avatar and it's like that looks hideous and 45,000 people just saw how stupid your avatar looks like
And they couldn't be happier Then again, I have a princess microphone, so who am I to judge?
Who am I to judge?
At least you didn't buy a fake cat I didn't buy a fake cat Alright, let's travel the world and look at some release dates If there are any
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
newer games though Bayonetta finally making its way out on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 this week so definitely worth picking that one up Fast Food Panic on the Nintendo DS making its way out and not really gaming related but the Guinness Book of World Records Gamers Edition is making its way out to bookstands as well and you should at least thumb through it but I don't know if you should pay them for it you know
and DarkSakura.
Better than the Guinness Book of Records
Don't you know you're supposed to say twat?
That's it for releases, unfortunately.
You only have those magazines for the articles, of course, right?
Actually, the articles are really boring.
Some of the forums are funny, but the articles suck.
Alright, moving on, let's look at Japanese release dates.
How we go from that to Japanese release dates, I have no idea, but we do.
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, James Cameron's Avatar the game gets its Japanese localization from Ubisoft this week on the 7th of January.
That's when the games are coming out.
That is also making its way to the PlayStation 3, just so you know.
Also, I want to point out, speaking of Batman Arkham Asylum, that is finally making its way to Japan next week.
PSP, Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Do you want...
Did you see the trailer for that?
I have seen little bits and pieces.
Oh, no, look, if you go to the website for it, the trailer is freaking amazing.
Then put it on the console.
Like, this is my biggest bitch about these portable games.
I actually want it for PSP so that I can... Did you hear this week, well, actually, yeah, earlier this week on the DSi, Oregon Trail came out.
Like old school Apple IIe or this new shit?
This new shit.
Pass.
Pass.
I'm like, you don't have direction keys on the DS in order to shoot.
In these new games, do you shoot five buffalo and then like, congratulations, you shot 3,400 pounds of food.
Unfortunately, you can only carry 100 back to the wagon.
I somehow doubt it.
I remember that.
Good times.
I was going to say, there's actually another Oregon Trail game that I linked in our show role.
You have to see.
It's Oregon Trail of Physics.
It's awesome.
The Oregon Trail of Physics?
No, Oregon Trail with Physics.
With Physics?
What is this?
Did it not make the show role tonight?
Then tell us about it.
It's this game.
It's not even really called the Oregon Trail, but it is exactly the Oregon Trail.
It's basically the Oregon Trail.
You stuff your cart full of crap and whatever you're carrying with you.
It's like combining the Oregon Trail with that sledding game.
I don't remember what it was.
You jump hills and stuff.
so your ox just start running down the hill and then you go off of it and fly and stuff and if you land upside down like people get injured stuff like that I've seen a flash game like that yeah I know what you're talking about so somebody skinned that with the Oregon Trail basically
Yeah, it's... Oh, what was it called here?
It is... Let's Go Find Eldorado.
How do you die of dysentery in the game?
Is that possible?
It is possible.
I've seen... There's a video of it, and I will link it.
Is it a Flash game?
It might be a Flash game.
I don't know.
I'm going to look into this while DarkSakura covers the UK releases.
It looks hilarious.
You know, it's funny, you were just saying, what was it called, The Road to El Dorado?
I was just watching The Mysterious Cities of Gold last night, so I thought that was funny.
Hello, Random!
It is Random!
Well, you know, you remember, it's on Hulu now, Rob.
The Mysterious Cities of Gold.
They have all this crazy stuff on Hulu.
Oh my god, Loki's showing me a picture of...
Bayonetta Bayonetta
Can't believe they didn't try to crank that out in time for Christmas, especially because it did get its release over there in Japan.
Maybe they're just hoping for big sales off of gift cards.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What?
I know, I'm very excited about this game.
Oh, here's a little YouTube.
Let me see if this... I don't know if this has sound effects or anything, but this is the Oregon Trail.
Sounds like a little frog croaking or something.
What the hell is that?
It's upside down.
Did it just fart?
People do get dysentery in that.
Do they?
Because, yeah, John Boy has a broken arm.
This game looks amazing.
I guess it's more like Excite Bike with the Oregon Trail.
Somebody has typhoid right now.
It's like extra physics physics.
Where is this game available at?
Uh...
I won it totally.
Ludumdare.com.
L-U-D-U-M-D-A-R-E.com.
You should post that in chat, Rob.
I will do that right now.
Good!
I'm excited that you're doing that, Rob.
Can we do more news while I'm posting that in chat?
Uh, Loki.
Okay.
Um, let's see, I got so distracted by...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They were saying that there's already some kind of interactive games on YouTube, kind of done with videos, sort of like your choose-your-own-adventure type stuff.
But they were saying that the patent-tiled web-based system for generation of interactive games based on digital videos was filed earlier this year, or I guess last year, and it was...
They didn't really say what exactly it's going to be, but it sounds like something that links videos together, creating different narratives and alternatives and different scenarios for the users.
So Marky Mark, create your own video?
Awesome!
Probably something so that you can create your own, kind of choose your own adventure stuff.
Although, I wouldn't be surprised if they did add casual games to YouTube or something like that, or you could just play little Flash games.
I mean, that would fit right in, I would think.
YouTube the Game
DarkSakura.com
What's not as weird, because there's a lot of folks that are really into classic games and respecting the classics and so forth.
There is a project going on at the Atari Museum where they're actually reconstructing a lot of the old proprietary chips.
Things from the 2600 and the VCS, also known as the Atari 5200 and Atari's old 8-bit computers.
They're actually using data that was recovered from old tapes used in the original manufacturing.
The Atari Museum's Kurt Vendel has noted that the project has a practical application besides just, you know, it being history.
What's the potential of this?
Well, doing the chips in smaller SMT packaging and potentially bringing back to life some of the later CMOS designs of combo chips, which could lead to a SOC or system on a chip.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, I mean, it's basically like those flashback consoles.
Like, for example, you'll see a lot of Nintendos on a chip.
I mean, it's probably not one chip, but it's a few chips, but really shrunken down.
Like those little knockoff Nintendo systems and stuff that they sell at the mall that Nintendo gets pissed at.
Or the flea market.
Tons and tons of those things.
Oh, yeah.
Those are great for turning them into little, like, portable or arcade systems and stuff.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm sure it's worse for others than it was for me, but boy, going to one of those made me feel very old.
But I'm glad that that stuff will be preserved and hopefully made more portable to future generations.
Speaking of classics, we always like to take a moment to pay some tribute to classic games.
When DarkSakura takes a trip into the vault every week and pulls out a game that she says, you know what, folks?
You should be playing this game, or you should check out this game.
Maybe you didn't know about it before, but it's our classic video game of the week, and it's preserved in our Orange Lounge Radio Museum.
Forever!
Forever and ever.
Which we call the wiki.
So DarkSakura, what game are you lavishing praise upon this week?
Um, first of all, the wrong link.
Let me actually find the right link again.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, because this isn't the link that I posted in the thing.
Uh, might have just broke on its way or something, so don't know what to tell you there.
Okay, there we go.
Um, the game is, um, Choji Kyu Yo Sai Makros Oboete Imasuka, which is, Makros, do you remember love?
which of course we know there was a
An anime movie.
And actually, listen to the music for a second.
Do you hear the music?
That was the scramble music from the actual Macross movies.
Explosions!
Sorry, speaker.
It's a shooter based off of the Macross anime.
And this one actually has to do with sort of a... According to...
The creator Kawamori Shouji, that this is not an exact final word on what happened with the crew of the SDF-2 Mega Road 1, which was the ship that was taking everybody else to discover what was at the center of the galaxy.
This is just sort of like a dramatization about what might have happened.
But you basically, it shows you leaving Earth and fighting a bunch of Zentradi everywhere.
And it was actually a pretty cool game.
It's one of my favorites.
And they actually had new dialogue recorded for the game when it came out by Mari Iijima, who was Minmei's voice actor.
And yeah, Minmei is still annoying, but she's Minmei.
But lots of shooting.
You could lock on different enemies in foreground and everything.
It was pretty cool.
It came out on Saturn and it also came out on PlayStation and I actually have both copies.
Don't ask.
I came into them somehow or another for cheap.
And it really is, you know, I'd say for any Macross fan, it is the game you should have.
I've got actually a ton of Macross games.
I've got...
The Macross Plus game.
I have a Macross M3 for Dreamcast.
But of all of them, I think that this one is probably my favorite.
Well, I take that back.
There's one on PC Engine that I really like, but this one is the more easily accessible one that I like.
It's definitely one that any Macross and shooter fan should have.
I mean, is that not just epic?
I'm not as familiar with the anime series, but it certainly looks like a heck of a shooter.
We got it as Robotech, Rob.
Your plane is huge.
It takes up a pretty big chunk of the screen.
I'm kind of surprised there.
Well, it also transforms between different modes.
As you see, it's in the full-on robot mode.
There's a Gerwalk mode, which is like a halfway in between.
But this did come out over here as Robotech.
Gotcha.
It's pretty epic.
Pretty cool game.
Alright.
Well, there it is, folks, your classic game of the week.
Macross, do you remember love on the Saturday?
Check it out.
Oh, you know DarkSakura loves her Saturn games.
And we're starting off 2010 no differently.
We're going to take a quick break, and when we come back, we'll have plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We've got some quick news for you this week, including what's latest and greatest on the Virtual Console and iPhone games and Rock Band.
And we do have some other news we're going to get into, including 8-bit NES developments.
Yes, believe it or not.
And video games meet obscure Winter Olympic sports.
I kid you not.
And, of course, listless...
Tonight's topic for listless, and if you've never done listless before, please, please join us in chat because the chat room plays a big, big role in this.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Tonight's topic, thing I most want to happen in gaming in 2010.
This could get very interesting because as you know, sometimes we're serious and sometimes we're not.
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this January the 3rd, 2010.
That's right, our first show of the new decade.
Well, okay, you could get into that whole argument that the decade doesn't really begin until it's a one because, you know, the first...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Especially, I think, what, in a couple weeks we've got CES, so, I mean, everybody needs that.
Oh, that's true.
There might be, there's sometimes a surprise or two.
I mean, CES is more of, like, the TVs and the home devices.
Well, it's technology, but, hey, you know.
There are some gaming things that come out of that, but, like, or you might see AIBO 2.
I mean.
Yeah, I don't think we'll see AIBO 2.
I don't think we will either, but you never know.
It doesn't bow well.
Yeah.
Outlook, not good.
By the way, Listless coming up later this hour as well, because somebody pointed out to me, you guys haven't done an OLR game in like a year.
And I'm like, you know, I don't think since we moved to Studio Dark Sakura have we done a single game.
And a lot of that is because we're in a tighter space now than we used to be, so we don't have a lot of guests in here.
It's very rare.
That will be changing.
That hopefully will be changing as we get more guests and etc.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some gaming news.
Believe it or not, some things did happen, and we'll get into that.
And then we'll get into Twitter topics after the news.
Let those last few tweets come in on Twitter.
So let's do Rapid Fire first.
Well, we talked about in Part A how we've missed a lot of games that have been coming out.
Well, I know for a fact that I've missed a ton of stuff that's come out on Xbox Live Indie Games.
And here's a few games you may want to check out.
First off, we've got Office Politics, which is a game you can have for the large sum of 80 Microsoft Points, or $1.
And it's basically kind of an office sim.
I guess not really like a...
How much you speak on the internet?
Yep, all that fun stuff.
So check that out.
Ceiling Cat is watching you.
Available for a dollar.
That's a great price.
There's another game, Battle Beat.
It's a... Looks like almost a defense game.
Very similar to, say... Oh, I don't know.
Um...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and this is also an Xbox game and it's these gerbils like in little blocks and stuff and they make funny faces when you stick bombs next to them.
Also a dollar.
Wait, wait, wait.
They make funny faces when you stick bombs next to them?
Yes.
You explode the gerbils?
Yes, it's a little bit like Boom Block.
How sad!
And it's just funny, though.
Hold on, is that a YouTube you're looking at there?
Yes, it is.
Okay, I've got... I know this is terrible radio looking at YouTubes, but I need to see what this is all about.
And maybe we'll hear some hideous noises through on... So there's all these little turbos, okay.
They're trapped in little blocks or something.
You put bombs by them.
You will kneel before Zod!
The people, oh yeah, that's right, because they were the people that ended up being the villains in the second movie.
Whatever.
That's what these gerbils look like, is they look like they're trapped in the magic mirror.
That's funny.
So yes, you have gerbils and you're supposed to be, I think, knocking them below a line or something like that.
And it's cute.
And you don't really injure them, but they get scared because they're being flung across the screen and you're detonating bombs next to them.
But hey, a dollar.
Once again, $1, 24 levels.
So, I mean, that's a great price for... Amaze Satsuma in our chatroom at chat.originalsradio.com thinks this might have been brought to us by PETA, People Exploding Tasty Animals.
That was from the chat, not from me Views and opinions do not necessarily reflect You laughed, you're going to hell too I did laugh
Other things not related to Xbox indie games.
Coming to the Wii, and this is talk about a blast from the past, Fast Draw Showdown looks like something that could be straight out of Mad Dog McCree.
And basically, kind of is.
It's actually coming from Digital Leisure, which I believe did Mad Dog McCree release.
Thanks for watching!
Back when they made Laserdisc games for the sake of making Laserdisc games and nothing more.
Pretty much.
Some of those games were pretty terrible.
Like the first CD-ROM games.
Remember when CD-ROMs were new on the computer?
Oh yeah.
And they made some shittacious, and I'm making up a new word there, shittacious games just because you could have movies.
Although there were some interesting ones in there too, like Return to Zork, I think was one of those games.
I miss Mega Race.
Didn't it have Don Knotts in it or something?
Fucking Don Knotts.
I don't know.
I think it did.
I don't know.
Didn't really play Mega Race.
That was more your thing.
I love Mega Race.
I think that game is on GameTap, but that's back when I was using GameTap when it was cooler.
I can't say it's there now.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
It was one of those games that really needed a two-speed CD-ROM, and I had an external...
Big Ass, Single Speed CD-ROM Disk Drive, so it ran kind of slow, and then later on, you know, when I got a newer computer and it had like a, was it a 16 speed CD-ROM drive, which was like lightning fast, you know, it popped in there and the game ran too fast.
Remember, uh, you know, or, well, I would like to see the WiiWare emulate.
Remember those, uh, speaking of shittacious, remember the, uh, hologram games we had?
Like the, uh, there was a western one, and then I think there was, I think there was only like two hologram games.
I didn't think there was a western one, I think there was a time-traveling one that you, they had the first levels of western.
Oh, okay, maybe that's what I'm thinking, because I could never get past the first level because those games controlled like butt.
Yes, they did.
I would like to see that crap on WiiWare just for no other reason than it fits.
Well, when we get our holographic games, I'm sure that'll be like some of the first of the important... I see, I see.
When we get to the holodeck, I'll be able to play that game all over again and all its... And then you can go, fuck this shit and throw it across the room because it's virtual and you can do that.
Hitstun in our chatroom at chat.orange.com wants to point out Mega Race 1 and 2 are on GOG.com and they run in DOSBox.
Awesome.
And I do think that they should make an indie game called Fuck This Shit where you throw controllers at things and that would be funny.
Especially if they're Wiimotes.
Because Nintendo is really trying hard to get away from that image of the Wiimotes going into televisions.
That would be hilarious.
And this week on the Rock Band Music Store... Sorry, real quick.
Do you think that would get on to Xbox Live Indie games?
A game called Fuck This Shit?
Well, you obviously would have to, you know... Freak this stuff!
Frack this...
Shoot.
Frack this.
Shoot.
I don't know.
Patent pending.
Rock Band this week.
Of course, we've talked about this for a few weeks now.
Different things coming.
Including the Paul McCartney download pack, which I saw commercials for this.
They are actually advertising download content on VH1 and stuff.
Really?
I didn't know that.
I was like, what?
It's Paul McCartney, so I guess maybe that's why.
Well, you know, it's kind of a big deal when it's Paul McCartney.
Three songs, I mean, come on.
But yeah, they've got Life Pack, including Band on the Run, Jet, and Sing the Changes.
Each of those available for two bucks, 160 Microsoft points, or...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Which, that's been pretty fun.
So somebody did kind of think about it.
I mean, the game isn't called Fuck This Shit, but there's... It probably will be after you play it.
Fuck this shit.
Why'd I pay for this?
Damn it.
Who knows, who knows.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on and talk about some other quick news topics this week.
Loki brought up Plants vs. Zombies earlier, and I know some rumors have come up before about the game coming over to iPhone.
Well, it does sound like it is happening.
It's supposed to be coming to the iPhone, and of course that means the iPod Touch as well.
Late January is what they're saying.
That's from PopCap's Facebook page.
No word yet if Apple's approval process will fuck all that shit up.
DJ David, and I always mispronounce his last name, Guetta, I think is how you say it.
David Guetta, of course.
He had a download pack available in DJ Hero.
You can play some of his songs.
And the odd thing about it is it's some of the rare songs in the games that aren't mixed with anything.
They're remixes of those songs, but they're not mashups.
There's very, very few songs in DJ Hero like that, but all those track pack songs are.
I should go back and play that.
I actually downloaded it and never played it.
Did you know the very last song in the game I don't think this is a spoiler The very very last thing you unlock is Herbie Hancock's Rocket With like all that insane scratching Yeah That's the last song that you get And it is hell Like it isn't mixed with anything Because the song by itself is Like when I first played it you know what I said Fuck this shit that's what I said It's the one song in the game I can't get more than like two stars on On hard
Anyhow, back to David Guetta, because I liked his songs quite a bit that were in the download pack.
Well, apparently he is actually working on what he called the number two version of the game.
I don't think he means the poop version.
I think he actually means DJ Hero 2, which you could read as some type of confirmation of
Thank you for watching!
Ogre Battle 64
Kirby Star Stacker
and Salamander and Parodius for the MSX because remember they get they get MSX over there which we have yet to get probably because those games aren't in English at all at all although I really wish we would get the MSX games because you know what that means we could get is Gartic
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Some stuff.
We actually have a new trademark from Sega, Let's Go Island.
Which the theory is that it might be a sequel to Let's Go Jungle.
So...
Who knows, but basically the way that Let's Go Jungle was, was you had guns and you shot your way through the jungle.
It was... Though it's a potential, though, that this is going to be one for the Wii.
So it could be.
Who knows.
Also, Microsoft wants avatars to reflect actual physical characteristics.
They've put out a patent application for, quote, avatar individualized by physical characteristics.
So they want to eliminate the artificial look and make it look like someone actually really looks.
Okay.
I'm not really sure how they're going to pull that up, but they're basically saying that they want to have a bit more reality in the game and actually be able to portray people accurately.
And that they're basically going to be pulling actual health data, and you can spend points on it.
Yeah, there's some controversy behind this, because I seem to remember hearing somewhere that this ties into, like, you know, hey fatty, stop playing the game, basically.
Like, that that could be the next development, which would suck, because, you know, people should be able to do what they want.
well there's now well a pachinko game that is Castlevania it's Castlevania Pachislot which is a pachinko and slot machine and it has a story where you are Trevor Belmont challenging Dracula and being helped by Angela who's a sorceress and it actually you can buy the soundtrack to the game too it's pretty kinda
There's even a video of it.
That's funny.
Because you know there's a Gradius Pachinko.
I'm kind of surprised this is the first Castlevania Pachinko machine.
Well, there's also a Parodius one too that I've actually found a playthrough about.
This is pretty neat.
I would be surprised if this is the first because keep in mind that Konami does slot machines.
is a big business here.
It's actually got pretty cool graphics.
And I'm assuming it could beat pachinko machines over in Japan because we don't really see those here.
But I have seen Konami slot machines here in the US.
This is actually pretty hot.
Nice.
Why can't they actually do a good game like this?
That's what I was thinking.
That looks better than a lot of the games that have come out recently.
Like Judgment?
Yeah, like Judgment.
Let's go to the Twitter.
You know, Judgment would have been really good on the PlayStation 1.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
All right, fine.
But I think Zelda will also be a big one.
So...
I don't think it has to be necessarily first party either.
I think, you know, when we bring up kind of these third party Activision and so forth, I think you could have something that's kind of on multiple systems because Modern Warfare was probably the biggest seller, right?
Yeah.
This year, and that was on multiple systems.
Let's see.
I'm going to Von Toxic on Twitter says, If Tinker isn't on your news list, you should mention it.
It's free on Games for Windows Live and it has achievements.
I don't know if Von Toxic might have something to do with this game, but hey, I'm off for free!
And yeah, that's Windows New Games On Demand thing, you know, kind of like their Steam competitor type thing.
Do these achievement points kind of blend together with my achievement points on Xbox Live?
I doubt they do, because I don't think the PC like Halo 2 had them, and I don't think they blend in.
Well, Grand Theft Auto 4 does.
They have achievements.
And...
I'm not sure.
I know it shows up when I play Grand Theft Auto 4.
And it's kind of pathetic because, you know, Grand Theft Auto 4 has no protections on it.
Well, it had minimal protections on it, so you can cheat really easy and all of that stuff.
Well, it looks like kind of like a puzzly type of game.
It uses this little, like, kind of isometry.
It looks like...
Is this like some type of reincarnation of Devil's Dice?
Because I noticed it uses dice in kind of an isometric playing field there.
So I don't know.
I'll have to download this myself and check it out.
I'm all for free.
But I like some of these achievement names, like Smack My Switch Up.
Step 1, switch goes left.
Step 2, switch goes right.
Step 3, profit.
So whatever that means, that's 10 achievement points right there.
It's got to be more than Devil Dice, because I see dominoes, I see little targets.
This is clearly some type of little puzzle game based off toys you would find in a kid's room type of thing.
But that's Tinker, and I'm all for free, so I'll have to check that out for next week.
TigerClaw sent us a list of Xbox Live games for mobile phones.
I guess that's something being looked at.
He's linking us to an article from MTV's multiplayer blog, saying that Microsoft wants to do more between Xbox Live and Windows Mobile-enabled devices.
Of course, anything to...
Nickel and Dime at the iPhone and kind of get back at them for that.
Talking about avatars on the phones, being able to do Xbox Live, social media, multi-screen experiences.
They're hiring what's called a principal program manager that's going to drive the platform and bring Xbox Live enabled games to Windows Mobile.
You know when I hear this, I kind of think about like the whole like, remember the Fable pub games that tied into Fable 2?
I could see something like that happening with this.
You have a mobile game that kind of enhances an existing game but doesn't necessarily take the place of it, if that makes sense.
Especially if they tie it into one of their big franchises, I'm sure it could be quite the big thing.
Maren Marvel, a good friend of ours, says, Final Fantasy IV The After Years is a fun bit of nostalgia.
What other series would you play an After Years game for?
Me?
Final Fantasy VI.
I don't know, anything else you'd like to see?
Like a retro, sequel, episodic, nostalgic, tickle your nostalgia bone type of game?
For Final Fantasy?
Anything, really.
I mean, Final Fantasy 4, she happened to name Final Fantasy 6, but I don't think, I think we can name anything.
I'd like to see a new chip.
I'd like to see a new
I was thinking the same thing, DarkSakura, Chrono Trigger.
A good one.
Yeah, something in that same vein.
Ironically enough, I don't know if it would be after years because Chrono Trigger was all over the map, but that would be awesome.
I would like to see a new Jet Moto game.
It's old enough by now.
I was thinking more like a story kind of based thing, but I guess anything works.
Story-based game, uh... You know, these role-playing games that never really got fully realized, you know, maybe should have a sequel.
Let's see an actual Xenogears sequel.
Xenosaga, eh... Not so much.
Let's see, um...
I'm actually reading our chat room here on Pachinko machines.
I'm looking, kind of catching up on our chat room, chat.orangeonstranger.com.
Very interesting perspective from Akuma JP because he lives over in Japan and kind of gives us some perspective.
I know we have a couple folks that listen in Japan.
I think that's great.
He says, Pachinko and arcade is different store here in Tokyo.
Pachinko is bad because it's gambling and Pachinko can look good because the developer cost is different and the limit for developers is different too.
So Pachinko is mostly computers.
I didn't realize they separated that in Japan.
That pachinkos and arcade machines were kind of in different places.
I mean, it makes sense.
You don't have slot machines next to Street Fighter 4 here in the States.
But at the same time...
We have things that are practically like little kid gambling devices, but they give you tickets.
They don't give you money, they give you tickets.
And those have taken over arcades, sadly, in the past 10 years.
These arcades have kind of been dying out.
You see more and more ticket spitters, I call them.
You know, something like...
Hit the button when the wheel is in a certain spot and this one little sliver will give you the jackpot whereas the things around it only give you like four tickets and then you trade your tickets in for crap prizes.
Like that's kind of what we have instead of Pachinko.
So I don't know.
Let's see.
Also on the Twitter, Dan Shadow asks, What do you think of Bayonetta's sexiness?
Is the one-handed mode too much?
Is there really a one-handed mode or is that a joke?
It's a one-button mode.
Oh, I see.
And
Thanks for watching!
Kind of a show tip from Spazinator, wanting to know that... Hold on, it got cut off.
I've got to reload the Twitter here.
Live radio, folks.
Sometimes things screw up.
Because we got some late tweets and it threw everything off.
Spaznair says, here's an idea for an unofficial game.
While in a story, blurt out a random, odd, and unrelated thing to say to see if anyone is paying attention and notices.
I know you three like tangents and randomness, so here's the chance to essentially make a game of it.
As if this show doesn't get derailed enough.
Doesn't that kind of already happen?
Yeah, it's called this show.
I know, that's kind of what the show's based on.
I mean, I like where you're going with that, but that's kind of been the longest running game on this show.
So, there you go.
Dr. Noir says, how about suggestions for mobile games for smartphones other than the iPhone?
Thanks.
That's a tricky one for me to answer because I have an iPhone.
I know DarkSakura has an iPhone.
We're sheep.
Loki doesn't have an iPhone, but you don't really use a fancy phone, do you?
I hardly use my phone.
Yeah, your phone's never even on.
It's on all the time, actually.
Is it?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyhow, so sadly, because of that, I would feel kind of ridiculous giving you other game recommendations when I haven't played any of them.
I will have to turn to the chat to help us answer that one.
Chat room, do you guys have any suggestions for Dr. Noir about what games he should be playing on a smartphone that's not an iPhone?
Because I would be curious about that.
Amiga777 in chat says, Y'all got iPhones?
I demand an OLR app.
PSP App
Caglom for BlackBerry
Deathwishing says, did you know that you can unlock a next-gen filter in Uncharted 2?
It just makes everything browner.
What?
I hadn't heard of that.
Is that just for a look?
It's a joke, probably, because their game is so colorful and vibrant and all the other games are kind of brown and murky.
I get it now.
Let's see.
Ray Iannami says, Eight on the Brakes DJ Max Technica machine now has the Platinum Crew online service.
That's a machine I haven't touched in a while.
I haven't really been to Roseville Golf Land in a while.
I remember they had one of those machines.
I don't even know if they still do.
That's pretty broken by now.
I guess there's some new songs and some stuff that was unlocked there.
So, kind of cool that there's still some arcades in America, at least somewhere, even if you have to go all the way to New Jersey to play them, that will do those cool little unlocks and online things.
So, apparently there was a huge line there.
Let's check that out.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and move back into some gaming news.
Listless coming right up, but we have just a few more stories for you guys before we get there.
Yes.
Including, and this is kind of neat, a brand new
Battle Kid Fortress of Peril
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Cartridge Release
But RetroZone, of course, if you haven't looked at their website in a while, they have wonderful things including reproductions of different games, including the Nintendo World Championships cartridge, the Nintendo College Tour cards, they even have Ultimate Frogger, some Homebrew Glider game, and one that didn't really make our show roll because it's a little late, an 8-bit Xmas cartridge which has a little light show that actually plays in there as well.
I heard about that.
That's trippy.
That's kind of a neat little Christmas decoration.
Yeah, so it's kind of neat.
The game itself, though, I'm not sure how much it's being offered for.
My guess is it's going to be probably around $40, which is a little expensive, but hey, you get a cartridge out of it.
Personally, I don't know.
It looks pretty hard, so that might be beneficial if you're looking for that, I guess.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, it does look very Mega Man-y.
Like, those are the boss spells and stuff.
It's different enough.
If it's a hack, it's a damn good one.
I mean, maybe they... Yeah, but this inventory thing?
That wouldn't have been in a Mega Man game.
Well, you technically did have a kind of inventory.
Yeah, but I don't know.
I don't see this as much of a hack, just as maybe like Mega Man was an inspiration and maybe even some of the stuff comes from it, but I don't know if I'd call it a ROM hack.
It looks like a ROM hack.
Alright, fine.
I guess there's only one way to tell.
There's some really, really good ROM hacks out there.
It looks cool.
It looks cool.
There's a ROM hack of Super Mario Brothers, the first one that actually looks completely different and has a lot of new features added into it.
So it's very possible that this is just a ROM hack.
I wouldn't be surprised.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I have a couple friends who are actually going from this area.
Seg, who's been on the show before, I know he's going out there.
And both of us have a friend in common.
In fact, the friend that introduced us, Amanda, is planning on going.
So I'm going to PAX East with a girl.
Yay, I'm going to have a date.
So I am looking at making that happening.
I just need to cross the T's and dot the I's.
Don't dot the T's or I won't be going.
But as soon as I have all the details on that, I'll let you know.
But I did promise I would try to make that work and it looks like it's going to happen.
Yay!
Also, in news, other news, talking about ROM hacks of sorts.
These are fan translations that I guess are at various types of stages right now.
Fatal Frame 4, this was a game that was not released over here, but they're doing a fan translation of it right now, and they're talking about doing voiceovers with it.
Apparently there's a fan translation that has translated 99% of the text, and they're going to do a patch soon so that you can play the game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Front Mission 5 is also doing a fan translation, and guess what?
It's done.
Front Mission was the... 2005, there was the fifth game that came out on the PlayStation 2, and apparently the Front Mission series translation project has taken this long, thousands of hours, 2,000 pages of dialogue to make this game, and it is already...
Available and there's even a movie floating around on YouTube where you can actually check it out and it's been subtitled by the group and everything.
That is freaking dedication.
You know, I remember many, many years ago when I was in college and that I think the very, very first major fan translation project that saw fruition was Final Fantasy V. I remember when that came out, that was a big freaking deal because it was like, wow, somebody has done what
Square refused to do.
Remember Seiken 3, also Seiken Densetsu 3.
That was probably the next big, big one that came out.
I mean, there were some little games in there that didn't have a lot of text, but yeah, then Seiken Densetsu 3 was a huge one.
They even went so far as to translating sprites in the game.
It's very interesting how far that's come, though, because those are all cartridge-based things where you hack sprites and you change some of the coding to change the kanji letters and the American letters and so forth.
Very interesting how far that's come.
When you're talking about a PlayStation 2 game, that's videos and shit.
That's hardcore.
No wonder it took so long to do it.
That is a labor of love.
No, I agree.
Wow.
Something that the company should have just paid some people to do, but I guess they didn't want to.
One more story from Jamie, then listless.
Dragon Quest Slime Bowling
You know, because it's got where you sort of guide it through different, you know, paths and try to land in the right place.
And then you've got like a bowling mode, it looks like.
It's just interesting.
And what a timely release, too, because we have the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics coming up.
Well, yeah, this looks like it might have been influenced.
I know you're all going to be glued to the tubes to watch curling.
Exciting stuff.
That's funny.
No, actually, you know, as much crap as I give curling, it's actually kind of interesting.
Like, I don't, maybe, maybe I'm just weird, but it's kind of neat to watch, because, like, sometimes those WTF sports are kind of, I don't know, they make for good watching.
I'll shut up now.
Let's, do you think you'd play that game, though, the DSI game?
No.
Fine.
DarkTetsuya in our chatroom at chat.orangehauntradio.com says, the OLR game could be about curling.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We're going to ring him up.
He's the man who hosts the show before us here on All Games Radio.
The Bobby Blackwolf Show is live at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern on Sunday nights right here at All Games Radio.
Bobby, are you there?
I am.
How are you guys doing?
Good.
How are you, Bobby?
I'm doing good.
Now, for those folks that do listen to us that haven't listened to your show before, something they ought to know is that you always have us on your show every week.
You kind of do what you call the daily show tease, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Where we get to do our little what's coming up on the Colbert Report segment at the end of the Daily Show.
It's kind of like a toss over there.
So you're always really good to us having us on the show every week, but unfortunately it doesn't really get to work in the reverse because nobody comes on after us on All Games Radio, so we rarely get to have you on.
We do read your comments from chat and so forth, but we're glad to have you here with us tonight to help us with the very first listless of the new decade.
I'm so happy It's me rambling That's all you need to know You do a really good job selling your show I just want to point that out
No, it's basically I go through some issues or things that are going on, and it's me talking and reading chatroom comments for the first 20, 25 minutes, and then I try to take phone calls from people for the last 25 minutes, and then I get to talk to you guys.
So it's basically just my take on things that I want to talk about in the games I'm interested in, and people like listening to it, so that's why I keep on doing it.
and you do this show yourself the Bobby Blackwolf show so you don't have anybody to really banter with but your listeners and that's a tough job I don't think people realize how difficult that is that means you have to kind of like actually read chat as you're trying to talk sometimes that's tricky
Well, no, it's I let dead air happen and then I edit that out of the podcast whenever I put them up.
We don't have to tell them the secret.
That's right.
But your show's getting some love there in our chat room from Kitsune.
Love Bobby's show.
Yes, Bobby does a very good show.
And if you get sick of the dick and fart jokes on our show, Bobby's a lot more serious too.
I should point that out.
Bobby keeps it family friendly on his show.
And why would you be getting sick of the dick and fart jokes is what I gotta say.
I'm saving them for you guys.
I have no problem with them.
I choose not to for that hour.
That's just fine.
If you want the suitable for broadcast video game podcast, definitely check out Bobby's show.
There's tons and tons of shows on the All Games Network.
It's growing exponentially.
Check it out at allgames.com.
Anyhow, you ready to play Listless tonight?
DarkSakura, Loki, and Bobby Blackwolf
We're going to go around and give our top three.
So four times three means we'll have a list of twelve.
Then comes the tricky part.
We all go around the room and we eliminate one thing from the list.
That takes us down to a list of eight, which our chat room will vote on to come up with the definitive list to answer this topic.
And tonight's topic is...
The thing I most want to happen in gaming in 2010 This can be serious, this can be silly, this can be low worthy, this can be Nobel Prize worthy Whatever you want to do, it's up to you What you guys think our listeners would want represented is the thing most wanted in gaming in 2010 So Bobby, my friend, I'm going to let you start, you're the guest tonight, we'll let you go first What would be your number three thing you most want to happen in 2010?
Mother 3 Localized and Released Legitimately
Mother 3 localized and released legitimately.
That's a damn good pick.
That's a hell of a way to start off.
I think that's something folks have been looking for for a long time, so very good.
By the way, make sure you are in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, because it is the chatters that ultimately take that list of eight and break it down to a list of the top three.
What a way to start us off.
A very serious answer there.
So, Loki, we'll go to you next.
What would be your number three pick?
I don't even know if this would be good, but I'm just going to say it.
I guess Grand Theft Auto 5 for Project Natal.
I don't even know if I want to do that.
Is that just the fanboy for Grand Theft Auto and you mixed with that?
You just really want to be able to slap a hoe for real.
Is that what it is?
You know, that might not be good at all.
I'm just thinking about that now.
That might be horrible.
Do you want to quickly change it?
I'm going to quickly change that.
Let's find something more appropriate for Project Natal here.
Okay.
I think it'd be funny to see that Milo kid become, like, a virtual child Sim in, uh, for Project Natal.
Because it'd be funny to torture that kid.
So, Milo becomes Sim baby?
Or what am I calling this?
Sim child.
Okay.
I'm so hungry!
Tough, you're not real.
Starve.
Okay, Milo becomes Sim child on Natal.
Okay, Loki, did you do your homework before tonight's show or are you just doing it in class?
Alright, DarkSakura, what is your number three pick?
A real Silent Hill game.
Ah, so none of this homecoming garbage, huh?
No, and even Shattered Memories isn't really Silent Hill.
It's more like, um, I don't want to spoil it.
I see.
Okay, so a real Silent Hill game, says DarkSakura.
Alright.
My number three pick is, funny enough, extremely similar to what DarkSakura picked, yet very different.
My number three pick is also a serious pick.
I want Akira Yamaoka, now that he's left Konami, I want him to start a development studio and announce a new survival horror franchise.
I mean, because obviously he can't do Silent Hill if Konami still has that, but I would like to see Akira Yamaoka start a development studio and announce a new survival horror franchise.
Loki, is that a game you'd like to see happen, or what?
I want to see this and I know everybody out there will agree Eye of Judgment finally sells 1 million units.
They'd have to actually start manufacturing them again.
But hey, he can do anything he wants.
Maybe they will have a new game this year or something where the interest in the old game just comes back.
Like Valkyria Chronicles took like six months to catch on.
So maybe this is like that where...
It takes six years to catch on, that's fine.
If it goes into Best Hits, Loki, those Best Hits copies are going to count.
Because it's still the same game.
Very true, that is true.
Alright, so we got something.
It's never going to happen because it has to sell a million copies.
It's what I want, that's what it's about.
It's what we all want, dammit.
You better get your wife starting on that Tingle outfit.
That's all I'm saying.
Jesus, so.
All right.
Loki, fine then.
What do you want as your number two thing you most want to see happen this year?
President Cat.
I hope by some act of...
I don't know what.
Seriously, think about it.
Look at Invader Zim.
Off TV, but they sell merchandise out the ass.
It's just crazy.
Can I just point this out?
I hope by some act of I don't know what, we get invited to Nintendo's press conference at E3 this year.
And somehow through another act of I don't know what, lol, haha, that is actually announced by Reggie on stage.
Listen carefully for the cackling from the audience, because it'll be me.
DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Keytar Hero
Elton John
All right, fine.
Guitar Hero.
All right.
That's the number two thing.
The number two thing I would like to see happen is also... Actually, funny enough, it has to do with Nintendo at E3.
The number two thing I would like to see happen this year is I want Reggie to apologize at E3 and then for effect, punch a kid in the face.
Yes!
Just to show that they are not about the kids anymore, Reggie's going to come out on stage and say, I am sorry that we've lost our focus, and then to prove it, he's going to punch a kid in the face.
That's the number two thing I want to see happen this year.
Wouldn't you like to see that happen, Loki?
Sure.
I guess.
That's not weird.
A face!
Yes, and actually, I'm not going to put this on the list, but Loki could punch the child in his Tingle outfit after announcing President Cat.
Hey, I would be down with it.
I know you would be.
Alright, so, so far, just to let you know where we're at in case you're just joining us, the list so far, thing we most want to see in 2010, Mother 3 localized and released, Milo becomes Sim Child on the tall, a real Silent Hill game, Akira Yamaoka starts a studio and does a new horror game, Eye of Judgment sells 1 million copies, President Cat for the Wii, Keytar Hero, and Reggie apologizes and punches a kid in the face.
All right, so now this is it.
The number one thing you want to see happen in gaming this year.
Bobby, what is it?
Number one.
Game companies everywhere realize that first-person shooters are oversaturating the market and begin to turn all those franchises into dating sims.
I approve.
That's a good one.
Okay, I'm going to have to shorten that.
So I'm going to put first-person shooters turned into dating sims.
But you all know what Bobby means.
What would be at the top of your list for that?
Well, something about the pink Spartan in Halo, you know, romancing her.
I don't know.
I see.
Okay, so first-person shooters turn to dating sims.
I like that.
That's good.
Alright, number one answer.
Loki, what would be your number one answer?
I don't really have anything that I could go with, I guess.
Because I didn't do my homework.
So... They do yell things in chat.
Sometimes chat works... Yeah, but I'm not reading chat.
Alright, fine.
And I knew that it's right
I hope Sony has another press conference that sparks a bunch of wonderful memes again, you know, like Ridge Razor.
In fact, I hope they have a giant enemy crab come out on stage to announce a game for Sony.
You know, to be in on the joke.
Or their next console could be shaped like a giant enemy crab, that'd be funny too.
Okay, since you need to pick one thing, I'm going to say Sony has a giant enemy crab in their press conference, like actually comes out on stage and presents something.
In a tuxedo.
In a tuxedo.
I'm not writing that, but you'll just know it's there.
Fine.
Alright, DarkSakura, it's your turn.
The numero uno thing you most want to happen in gaming in 2010.
Half-Life 2, Episode 3.
With the portal gun.
About fucking time, huh?
Well, it's supposed to come out anyway, but I want the portal gun in it.
Alright, a somewhat serious one.
Folks have been looking for this for a long time.
Half-Life 2 and Episode 3.
Well, dude, they're going to have the Borealis in it, which is the aperture ship.
Where's my portal gun?
They should just have a mash-up game with all the different Valve franchises together.
Like, you get the portal gun with zombies and, you know, the Team Fortress 2 guys.
Gary's mod.
That'd be awesome.
They have it.
But if Bobby's thing stays too, then Half-Life 2 will become a dating sim.
With a portal gun.
So I'm not sure how that's going to work, but it's going to be funny.
This date sucks.
Quick exit.
I like where this is going.
The gravity gun.
The gun!
Okay, my number one thing.
I have somewhat a controversial answer, but man, I would just... This would just make me so happy.
Like, I would just... I would cry tears of joy.
Would you pee with happiness?
Maybe, but, you know, in the toilet, because that's dirty otherwise.
I would just be so happy if this would actually happen.
The number one thing I would most like to see happen in gaming in 2010...
Xplay gets cancelled.
Thank you very much.
That would be sweet.
It's not that bad.
I was going to say that G4 gets cancelled altogether and replaced with the Seacrest Network, but I'm just... Because remember, I have to feel sorry for Xplay because they were part of Tech TV at one time, you know?
And so, like, I hate to see the last bit of good, you know, Tech TV die off, but...
I just have to admit, I'm just done with the reviews written by interns trying to be funny.
Maybe I'd like to see him return to, say, an out of ten scale instead of out of five.
I give Skye's answer 3 out of 5.
Mother 3 localized and released, Milo becomes Sim Child on Atal, a real Silent Hill game, Akira Yamaoka starts a studio and does a new horror game, Eye of Judgment sells 1 million copies, President Cat on the Wii, Keitar Hero, Reggie apologizes and punches a kid in the face, first person shooters turn into dating sims, Sony has a giant enemy crab in their press conference, Half-Life 2 Episode 3 with a portal gun, and X-Play gets cancelled.
Bobby, unfortunately, it's part of the game, one of these has to go, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
Get over it already?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry, Bobby.
You know what?
For what it's worth, Bobby, I really like that answer.
That was good.
Alright, but unfortunately, Loki is deemed unworthy of the list and therefore it is gone.
DarkSakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
First Person Shooters turned to Dating Sims.
Why did we bring Bobby on the show if we're just going to eliminate all his answers?
Because Dating Sims are... All you have to do is just go to Japan.
Everything's Dating Sim.
Oh, poor Bobby.
I'm sorry, Bobby.
Well, for what it's worth, Bobby, I'm going to leave your last one on there, because I liked it.
The one I am going to eliminate, though, the one that I think is not worthy of the list, Milo becomes Sim Child on Natal, because I don't even think Loki knew what that answer was.
So that's the one I'm eliminating from the list.
Just a way to torture that virtual kid.
Which, actually, if I think about it, I'm sure they're included in some sort of fable game, and I'll do just the same in that.
So...
All right.
Here it is, the eight that the chat room does get to vote on.
Remember, chatters, when you vote, you're going to see... Damn, I should have said Peter Molyneux jumps into a volcano.
That would have been better.
See?
I wouldn't have eliminated that.
All right, here it is, though.
These are the list as it stands.
Mother 3, localized and released.
Akira Yamaoka starts a studio and does a new horror game.
President Cat is on the Wii.
Keitar Hiro.
Reggie apologizes and punches a kid in the face.
Sony has a giant enemy crab in their press conference.
Half-Life 2 Episode 3 is finally released with a portal gun.
and Xplay gets cancelled.
To vote, send a private message to Sky with your number 1 and your number 2 answer.
If you don't label what's 1 and 2, I'm going to just assume the first one is your number 1 choice.
So place your vote now and we will tell you what the top 3 were a little later in the show.
And no Bobby, stop telling the chatters to add dating sims.
That's just the way the game works.
It's no longer on the list.
But nothing.
All right.
I'm going to be victorious.
Bobby, thank you so much, though, for playing the list tonight.
I think the Mother 3 one especially was a good one that I completely forgot about.
I totally am behind that one.
I am behind that, too.
Isn't it funny?
Your serious answer was the one that gets through.
Bobby, any other quick plugs for what's going on in your life?
You do another show, right, on Friday nights?
Tell us about that real quick before I let you go.
Friday Night Gaming
as our welcome back in 2010.
It's an audio podcast, but it doesn't really work as well because it's very video heavy, but we do it over on Ustream for three hours on Friday nights, fnglive.net.
We also take phone calls.
We have the chat room.
Basically, it's an extension of what I do on Sundays, but a little bit more free form, and there are dick and fart jokes in it.
Okay, excellent, excellent.
So when you need your dick and fart jokes on a Friday night.
So very good.
And you get a whole weekend because then Understation Live on Saturday nights, they do a lot of dick and fart jokes too.
So you can get it like every, you know, all through your weekend.
So, excellent.
Well, Bobby, thank you so much for joining us tonight and best of luck with your shows and we'll let you know what happens to the list, okay?
Alright, thank you.
Dating sims for everyone.
Alright, take care, Bobby.
Maybe in 2011.
All right, the one and only Bobby Blackwolf, who hosts his own show right before us here on All Games Radio.
That's about going to take us to calls and so forth, but not until we do a very important segment of our show while I tally up the listless votes.
It's the part of the show where you guys send us emails and we pick a few of our favorites and read them for you guys.
It's the mailbag segment.
Dark Sakura, what kind of emails do we have this week?
Just one.
All right.
One good one, I hope.
Well, um, we shall see if it's good, just gonna take me a moment to get it pulled up, that's all.
Um, it is, uh, I'll just start from the beginning.
Dear gamers and OLR crew, um, I'm not going to read the beginning of this.
You were right about the 360, it is gaming heaven, I've never been this immersed in a game since Pokemon Gold on a 15 hour road trip with constant grinding to get to level 100.
The three days before I went to the store, I was constantly switching games on my PSP since I decided to kick the Wii out of the gaming cave.
I was switching between GTA and Rainbow Six Vegas and Final Fantasy VI.
I finally went to the store, a local chain called Gamers, to get the used Xbox 360 Pro with a 20GB hard drive.
I knew what I was jumping into with the problems the system had, so I got a tier extended warranty with the dream of being the MLG-like
Tom, T-Squared, Taylor, whatever.
I picked up Halo 3 in the interest of getting some headbanging done while wailing on my plastic axe.
I got Guitar Hero Metallica with some Xbox Live points, a $1600 prepaid card.
I've played Halo 3 for 15 days and it was awesome.
I've also played Guitar Hero Metallica and gotten the easy achievements all the way first.
Then I played Hexic for a few hours and I'm having massive fun with this and my TV had no lag and was able to set it up to 1080i.
Then I popped in Bring It On and Death Note into the DVD drive and it upscaled the DVD to 1080i resolution.
My anime has never looked so good.
Thank you, Microsoft, for creating the Jesus Box.
Now the only three things missing to make my purchase complete is a wireless adapter, 12-month gold, and a headset.
Otherwise, this machine is the eyes of President Cat.
It's perfect.
Peace out, DSMaster26.
P.S.
This email is sponsored by Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, and Demi Lovato, the hottest teen stars.
I wish I'd be going out with all three from Disney.
Oh, by the way, leave Miley alone and don't criticize her.
She's perfect.
I can't believe I just said that.
I know, I'm like, did you really just say that on air?
You got duped.
Well, I'm reading the damn email.
Alright, so I only like half heard that email because I'm tallying the votes, so are there questions for us in there or what?
I'm seeing if there's anything else in here.
No.
No.
I would though, now I need to remember what type of headset that we have.
Because Dan has these cool, like I could sit next to him and not hear the Xbox at all headphones.
They're amazing.
They help me sleep at night.
They're the best present he's ever gotten me.
Well technically it's the best present he's ever bought in himself for me.
I do have though, a little story I could throw in in the interim.
Sure, but let me just quickly say, last call for listless votes.
You guys have one minute to get your listless votes in or they will not be counted.
One minute for listless votes.
Very heavy participation tonight.
We're going to have a good list tonight.
What was going on is basically these geeks, actually Team Osaka from the University of Osaka, submitted to the 2009 Internationally Genetically Engineered Machine Competition these engineered bacteria that produce fluorescent proteins and carotenoid pigments to make art out of them.
And they made one look like Mario.
They were calling them biobricks.
So there's a picture of Mario made out of bacteria.
It's bacteria.
That's freaky.
Genetically engineered bacteria.
I'm going to link the picture in the chat room.
I make genetically engineered next-gen biobricks.
They're kind of murky and brown, though.
Stop being gross.
Alright, we're going to get to the FUs of the week in just a moment here, but I was just putting the final touches there on tonight's list.
Damn it, right after I get them all tallied up, one more freaking vote comes in.
Damn you!
Okay, so that's live radio, folks.
What can you do?
That's another vote for the number one answer.
That's not really going to change things too much.
Sorry, live radio, folks.
We will get to the FUs in just a minute.
I posted the bacteria, Mario.
All right.
We'll get to the listless results in just a moment.
But we are first going to get to the FUs of the week.
And we actually have some angst to inspire our FUs of the week.
But before we can start ranting, we need to get our ranty music.
So please, Schleigwerk, take us away.
Here's something to inspire your ranting tonight in the gaming world.
It's another case of the media runs away with some idiot doing something with video games to make the media run away with games are bad, okay?
A nine-year-old boy apparently stabbed to death by a 25-year-old friend over a game of Tony Hawk.
You see, Anthony Maldonado was visiting his family in Harlem and they were playing the new PlayStation and the killer's name was Alejandro Morales, the 25-year-old, I suppose.
The boy's family left the 9-year-old in the care of Alejandro during the night while they were playing the Tony Hawk game and that's when he stabbed him in the chest.
The story goes on to say he was a friend.
I can't believe this happened.
Anthony was playing on PlayStation when his friend came in and stabbed him.
My grandson died over a video game.
I'm not so sure your grandson died over a video game.
It's just that you left him under the care of a fucking lunatic.
And to be fair, you may not have known he was a fucking lunatic.
That's very tragic that he ended up being a fucking lunatic.
But something tells me this really has nothing to do with video games.
This guy, Alejandro...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've taken my vitamins and I feel, you know, still tired, so I'm just extra exhausted.
Yeah.
Loki?
Thank you to KFC for leaving me at the drive-thru window for about ten minutes while they... jacked off, I assume.
Because, um, then the manager... That's not butter!
The manager comes over and he's like, has anyone come and helped you yet?
I'm like, no, I've been sitting here for ten minutes.
He's like, oh shit, sorry, uh, here's your food.
I'm not gonna charge you for the full thing.
Oh, well, how nice.
Well, except I think he did, so... Whatever.
You didn't even get a free cookie for your troubles?
No.
Bastards.
But the chicken was good, so it is forgiven.
All is forgiven.
I don't really have a lot of FUs this week.
Just FU to my car for being ghetto.
It's so ghetto.
I will have a new car soon.
I have to.
I really don't have a choice at this point.
So FU to my car.
You do have a choice, Rob.
There's always a choice.
I do, I do, but it's starting to get... There is public transportation, Rob.
It's getting to borderline pathetic.
No, I'm not taking... I don't live in a city that has very good public transportation.
I don't live in New York.
I know, I wasn't really serious.
I live in Sacramento.
That is really about it for what we had scripted for tonight's show.
So we're going to go ahead and turn it over to last-minute stories right after I tell you who won the list list tonight.
Here it is, as voted by you, the chatters, the definitive.
And this is it.
There is no arguing.
There is no disputing.
This is the definitive list of what the public wants in the year 2010 in gaming.
Number three.
is they want Reggie to apologize at E3 and then punch a kid in the face.
So we all know he means it.
It's the only way.
It's the only way.
I won't believe him otherwise.
Number two, and I don't want to hear any of this blah, blah, blah, that it's a child, blah, blah, blah.
Just trust me.
There's lots of kids out there you've wanted to punch in the face.
Get a parent to sign off on it.
All right, number two.
The number two thing you most want to see happen in the year 2010...
Mother 3 is localized and released.
So Bobby gets the last laugh after all.
He ends up on the list there.
Mother 3 is localized and released is the number two answer on our list tonight.
And the number one thing you most want to see happen in the year 2010, according to our chatters, President Cat is finally released on the Wii.
Woo!
No surprise there.
And by the way, I just want to point out it wasn't even a freaking close vote tonight.
Usually these lists are kind of close.
President Cat won in a landslide vote.
I have a feeling, though, the chat room might be thinking that that means that then we would actually announce it at E3 and Loki would wear the Tingle costume, which technically wasn't part of the answer, but I just really like that.
and maybe that's what they were voting number one.
I don't know.
Does it give you the warm fuzzies?
It does.
It does.
And we'll see.
Hopefully this will be the year for President Cat.
100 copies, my ass.
All I have to say.
Only 100 copies sold.
Come on.
Come on.
All right.
So there you go.
There's your definitive top three list as voted by the chatters.
Bobby is still trying to dispute the dating sims thing in chat.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Step away.
Let it be.
Alright, now we'll do some last minute stories and we'll open up the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll get to your calls right after some last minute stories.
Loki.
Love, the procedurally generated MMO is starting off with some beta testing, and that's coming to us, I guess, on January 7th.
Until that time, I guess only registrants in the pay-to-play alpha test can log on, though, unfortunately.
But that's kind of neat, though.
The game looks interesting, though, because it's all procedurally generated.
Also, next week... Hold on, let me get to a call.
Save that thought.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ray Ayanami.
Hi, we're having a hard time hearing you.
Make sure you're speaking loud and clear into the phone.
Who's this?
It's Ray Iannami.
Much better.
Ray, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I got a bunch of Christmas money like last week, so I've been spending it on some games like Riding 4 and Jewelry Master Twinkle.
You've been playing Riding 4 and what?
Jewelry Master Twinkle.
Tell us... Basically, it's a...
X-Box, Live Indie Games, or there's a PC game called Tetris Meets Puzzle Fighter.
The original PC game is called Dormaster.
Um, 400 Microsoft points, or 5 US dollars.
Gotcha.
So, that's what's going on in your gaming world?
Have you, uh, you've had a chance to catch up on a lot of stuff over the holidays?
Um, yeah, I also got DJ Max 4 with positive quality additions.
Mm-hmm.
Admittedly, part of the reason I wanted to get it was because it doesn't have the stupid autocorrect feature of the newer DJ Max games, where if you hit the wrong note, it'll still give you credit for the note.
And I was able to log all the talks on it within a few days, and nothing too difficult.
And the charts are pretty easy, but then again, this is a game geared towards new players, so I don't hold a grudge against any business with that.
I haven't heard anything, and...
Even if there were plans to make a Titanic a port for home, it would be really hard considering the setup of the arcade game.
I mean, if we were to put it on DS, you would have to dumb down the experience since the DS can't support more than two fingerprints at once.
Do you think it might work on a motion control type thing?
Like maybe if it was pointing at the screen like on the Wii or Natal or something?
Or is that going to just change it too much?
They've probably changed it too much.
The Wii Remote would be like not the size enough for that kind of stuff.
Apparently, Escalator 2, which is also a cave shooter, is getting released soon by the
Also published by Cave and ported by M2, the same people behind Castlevania Adventure Rebirth, which did not last until I got it downloaded.
Out of curiosity, did you play Ikaruga this week too?
Because it seems like everybody else did but me.
I don't play Ikaruga.
Oh, is it?
I have it against Ikaruga, but I haven't touched it in years now.
I see.
Alright, fair enough.
I think you would be intensely pissed off by it.
Is there anything else?
Go ahead.
I try to play it just to survive, but then I keep hearing the robotic words going, one chain, one chain, and that pisses me off.
It reminds me how bad I am at chaining the game.
It's a very frustrating game.
You really have to... I think it's one of those ones that you have to have the experience of playing it so that you start realizing what's coming where, and then it's more just one of those technical games.
Yeah, it's, like, more memorization-based than, like, many other shooters.
Like, it's more memorization-based than just, like, scoring.
Not, like, in terms of survival, like, R-Type and such.
Well, R-Type, I still think, is a little bit less of a challenge than Ikaruga.
Speaking of R-Type, the R-Type dimensions on 360 can... I still refuse to play it because if I try to put it on my arcade stick, I...
I wouldn't be able to change the controls since A is below X, so I'd rather have to put my fingers in a rather awkward position just to be able to play.
Because A is the fire and X is to use the force pod.
I don't know.
I forgot my Street Fighter 4 stick.
I haven't played a single 360 shmup without it besides Omega 5.
It's kind of interesting how that Street Fighter 4 stick is really adaptable to lots of different games, isn't it?
Yeah.
I'm planning on eventually modifying it to have a different kind of stick.
I heard those are better for shmups and other types of games.
I just wish they'd release a better D-pad so we don't have to spend all this money on these fancy schmancy joysticks.
But hey, you know, whatever helps bring the experience in.
Even with the D-pad, I would have done this thing anyway.
Alright, well Ray, we've got to let you go to get some more calls, but thank you as always for the call and a variety of topics tonight.
And I hope you get all the shrubs you want in 2010, okay?
Hopefully.
Alright, later.
Bye.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR Loki, I rudely cut you off earlier.
I apologize, but of course our listeners come first.
I'm sorry.
It's alright.
Sirius Sam HD is coming to Xbox Live this week.
That was the other thing I was going to say.
Alright, well, we got another call just in time.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
A couple of quick things.
Sure.
Well, since you just got your 360 back, there was one game that I seriously recommend that you at least give it a try.
It came out after your original 360 broke.
It said Magic the Gathering 3.
Duel of the Paint Walkers
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Spazinator, were you a card game player?
Did you play Magic as a card game or was this your first exposure to it?
Oh, I played it in high school just like you.
In fact, I was a sophomore when I started playing it and an older classmate of mine introduced me to the card game and I got hooked right away.
and I've been playing it all through high school up until I graduated and then once I hit college and no one around me played Magic the Galer and I kind of gave it up.
I tried to play season one Magic the Galer game.
It was loosely based on Magic but it wasn't totally faithful to the card game.
But
The Dextox Live game is, by comparison, damn good.
Yeah, I had an old, old version on the PC that was released probably around the same time I actually played the game.
Maybe by the time I was like a senior in high school or so forth.
So it's been like 95, 96 that this was actually released.
They had like an old PC one that was pretty darn good.
It had its flaws.
It wasn't quite as, like it really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
What's the thing you like most about the Magic game?
Especially for somebody who maybe hasn't played the card game.
What do you think makes the game cool?
It's kind of hard to literally put into words, but it's like a combination of dumb luck, getting a lot of the cards that you need when you need them,
and then actually a little bit of know-how and strategy.
I can't think of any good analogies off the top of my head, but what I just said before probably fits the best that I can come up with.
By the way, let me just interject this real quick.
I'm sorry, because X-Link posted this in our chat room, and this is exactly what I was looking for.
It's Magic the Gathering.
This is what always confused me.
It was also called Duels of the Planewalkers.
It was released by Microprose in 1997, so a little later than I thought it was.
But yeah, I remember that you would get a big oversized card that came in the box that I thought was kind of funny with the game.
Yeah, so anyway...
And I totally used to use the Candelabra to bring it into my regular deck.
And they had an Astral set where a set of cards that were specifically in the game.
So this whole little thing.
Sorry, it was a whole little game that came out many years ago.
It was still good.
It was much different.
Rob, that totally reminded me of my other big thing of geekery.
Sure, please.
I was using that same card to bring Captain Picard into my deck.
How do you do that?
It was like two combinations of cards where you can bring any card, any, it was worded, any outside card and put it in your graveyard and then another one to recycle your graveyard into your deck.
That is crazy.
So, bring out Captain Picard.
And what would the random card do?
Did it get stats of any sort?
Well, I didn't have to cast anything because I didn't have anything to cast other than just lay him down.
So, I always would say he'd rally my troops.
Nice.
Okay, sorry for the bit of randomness, Spazinator.
What else is on your mind besides magic?
Two more quick hits.
Sure.
I know that you specifically aren't really too sports at all.
I don't know about DarkSakura or Loki or even any of the other listeners, but I happen to notice that over on the PlayStation Network store, specifically the video site,
They actually got some sports programming on there, like old NHL games, NBA games, NCAA football games, a little bit of everything over there.
I can't speak into whether or not they got the same thing over on the Xbox Live Marketplace or not.
It's been a while since I checked the video content over there, but...
If you happen to like watching sports and there's nothing good on regular TV, there's always that.
I just happened to recently buy an old hockey game and the Fiesta Bowl from 2009 just validated they were pretty good.
You know, and X-Link in chat kind of chimes in that the sports is just for the PSN.
I have to be honest, I don't surf the video marketplace very often because I have Netflix, and usually that kind of fills in my video needs.
But it's interesting that...
that that exists because you know if you saw like a really awesome play in a game or what have you I mean that's literally content on demand you know but I don't know I don't know how um it doesn't seem like that would be very popular to watch a game and download it like long after it's been played when you read about it on you know your favorite sports or see it on ESPN the next day but hey I guess if there's that one awesome play or something really epic happens in the game you can download it and watch it forever even though it would be on YouTube too
Yeah, true.
And, you know, granted, I'm not exactly the biggest sports fan out there.
I'm far from it, which is kind of weird because I'm from a sports-crazy city.
But, you know, it wasn't a great while.
Yeah, I do like to watch a game of some sort.
And I figured, kind of like, what the hell?
You know, I'll get that.
There's nothing on record TV.
You know, it's kind of like, you know, impulse buy, so...
You know what, if there's a buck to be made off of the game, and if they even make $50 off the encoding and what have you, they'll probably do it.
Quickly, what was your other thing?
You said you had one other thing, and then we've got to let you go to get more calls.
Yeah, he has a relatively minor bone to pick.
He was your number one pick for Listless.
Yeah, why is that?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you know, Bobby kind of said what I was thinking, is that, you know, X-Play isn't nearly as bad as it may get up to.
You know, being a screener is not the greatest show there ever is or was, but, you know, it's not quite as bad as you may think.
You know, in fact, that's one of several sources I get my gaming news from, so...
Take it as you will, but, you know, it isn't all bad, though.
I might be digging up old, old stuff here, but let's not forget this is the show that thought Beatmania was newer than Guitar Hero.
Sometimes the quality of the show needs a little work.
Obviously, I'm picking on them because I can, but I don't know.
I think the quality of gaming television overall could be a little better if somebody would just try.
All right.
All right, fair enough.
All right, Spaznator, we've got to let you go, but take care and have a good one, okay?
Yep, you too.
Have a good one.
Blah, blah, blah.
This argument is years old.
It is what it is.
It ain't coming back.
Things ain't the way they used to be.
And that's just what we're going to have to deal with.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, we'll try to get at least one more call in before we close up shop tonight.
Do we have any other last minute stories, Loki?
Maybe.
Yeah, there's new Dragon Age Origins download content coming out on January 5th on PC and Xbox 360.
It's going to be coming out later in January on PlayStation 3.
It's a return of Ostagar.
Let me get to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is DSMaster26.
Hey, DSMaster, what's on your mind?
I've been pretty pumped about getting the 360s.
Probably the best game system I've ever owned since the PS2, frankly enough.
No, no.
I'm happy about getting a 360.
It was the email I read, Rob.
And no offense, but I was having a really hard time reading your email because you don't really use punctuation.
Oh, sorry.
I was kind of writing it on the quick.
Have you seen that Facebook group that's called There's a Big Difference Between Let's Eat, Grandma, and Let's Eat Grandma?
I need to join that, because I'm actually a member of like four different grammar forums.
You should look that one up.
Do you see the book, the calendar I bought?
Eat, Shoots, I get it.
Eat, Shoots, and Leaves, I get it.
I have not seen that, but...
If anything, I've been playing a whole lot of Halo 3 before Reach comes out and I'm probably going to pick up Halo 1 and 2 and 3 ODFT possibly when that comes out and try to gain up on the Halo story in a sense.
Are there still lots of people playing Halo 3 online?
Is it still as crazy popular as Halo 2 is still being played online like 5 years after it was out?
Yes, and there's still people playing Halo 2 if you can believe it.
And actually, apparently I read an article on Kotaku...
that said it's because of Halo 2 that we have the friend cap of 100 for the 360.
That's right.
I've heard this come up.
I think Bobby's discussed this on his show before.
I think I've heard him talk about it where the whole friend cap of 100, Halo 2 is to blame because people are still playing that.
So in order for them to break the 100 cap, they would essentially have to disable Halo 2, which I don't think anyone wants to happen anytime soon.
Let me ask you this, DS Master, because you're a big Halo fan.
What do you think a Halo Reach is on its way this year?
Are you excited for that?
Well, I'm not really a Halo fan, but I'm like, I wanted a really good first-person shooter on a console.
And after playing at my Troops Holiday Party for Boy Scouts, which we do every year, like, it was so much fun.
I was just like, holy crap, I'm finally getting the hang of this.
Playing a console FPS after playing Quake Live for nearly a year or two.
I think I've told this story on the show before, but the very first time I ever played Halo was at a wedding reception, and that's where I actually had a whole lot of fun, was shooting up the wedding party.
I shit you not, that's the first time I ever played Halo.
It was a good time.
Actually, our longest session was probably two hours, 49 minutes, and 19 seconds.
Good lord.
Then quickly, if you are into first-person shooters, what do you think about the idea of turning them all into dating sims?
Please.
I mean, it's enough of a dating sim with the girl gamers trying to hit up on the gamer guys on Xbox Live.
No kidding.
I mean, that is true.
And sorry if I'm shivering and whatnot.
It's cold in Nebraska.
It sucks.
You need to get shot with a hug gun, I think is what needs to happen.
You need to log into Halo and somebody needs to shoot you with a hug gun.
All right.
DS Master, I've got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for your call and your email and so forth.
You take care, okay?
Peace out.
Keep the good shows rocking.
We'll try.
Later.
All right, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry those didn't get through.
But remember, you can send us an email.
It's okay.
I mean, there was only one in the email bag tonight.
And then the person got through on the phone anyway.
But we can't control it.
We don't have a call screener.
We can't afford one.
Maybe in the future.
We'll see.
Anyhow, we're going to start to close up shop here.
Because believe it or not, we've been on air for about three hours.
I know it might not feel like that on the podcast because we do a little break in the middle of live.
But it's still going to be a long show tonight.
And a good show.
Good first show of the year.
I found the best book.
It has nothing to do with games.
Well, books are important too.
I found the best book that's called Why Is Daddy in a Dress?
Answering Awkward Questions with Baby Animals.
This is the best.
Look, Rob.
Why is daddy in a dress?
Okay.
And here's one of the pages.
How much for a happy ending?
Wow.
It's a kitten.
You used to hate that when you were doing massage classes.
Well, that's why I was laughing because it just made me go, wow.
But it's cute with little kittens.
There's one with a little puppy that said, why does daddy look like the pool boy?
Yeah.
I gotta read this comment from Marissa, and I hope she doesn't mind me reading a private message publicly here on the show.
No, I told her to send it to you.
Okay, good.
She said that they were just having a discussion at her house about punctuation.
Capitalization is important too, because like, for instance, you might have, you know, capitalization could change this sentence.
Help your uncle jack off the horse.
Help your uncle jack off the horse as in you need samples for mating purposes or whatever.
Capitalization and punctuation are important.
I love those little kitten postcards.
Those are adorable.
I want them.
Anyhow, let's go around and get everybody's... Stop giggling.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought and wrap up the show tonight.
It's another great episode of Oral R in the Can.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Hopefully I'll play Borderlands this week.
my final thought is hopefully I'll get to play one of the like 50 games that I have in my queue of games to play this week get to spend more time with that but I'll probably be too busy trying to finish Symphony of the Night and making progress in Gyromancer and Shadow Complex and eventually playing Morrowind too many things to do DarkSakura, your final thought tonight yeah
That's going to do it.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio and supporting our show.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
to help get you through your work week.
So enjoy that, guys, and we'll get better on that in 2010.
I know I've said that before, but you can kick my ass if I'm wrong this time.
All right, so anyway, that's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you so much for DarkSakra, Loki, and myself.
We'll see you next week
See you next week!
