Tonight, October 10th, 2010, DC Universe Online faces a delay, OnLive gets cheaper to use,
and another classic arcade game is set for revival on this gents consoles.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
We tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio.
And we don't forget the episode number.
www.allgames.com.
I always forget the episode number.
It's episode 385 for those that are still counting.
The smartass you hear over there in the corner is my lovely co-host, the one and only Dark
Sakura, Jamie Summers.
How are you?
I'm inhaling bacon fumes and it's not kosher.
I know, this whole room is not kosher at this very moment.
You're helping to balance, give this room kosher balance.
Say hello to the fan of double bacon pizza, Loki.
Because I've tried triple bacon pizza and that's just too much.
That's too much bacon.
And we did that on a large.
I mean, that was a lot of pizza or a lot of bacon because I remember we're like, I wonder
because there's a, there used to be a guy when I was working at Roundtable that would
order a quadruple sausage pizza.
It literally is like a three quarter inch thick layer of sausage that's just on top
of the pizza.
For those that don't know, Roundtable is a big pizza chain on the West Coast.
The whole West Coast or just California?
Mostly California.
You can make it work if you did extra cheese, triple bacon.
You're right.
The problem was it was too greasy and actually the point is actually you couldn't really
taste the pizza with the bacon.
This is actually really sweet because the sauce is really sweet.
But it might be able to work with like two and a half times bacon.
It would work if it was on a rack.
Do you remember there was an episode probably about two years ago, maybe a year ago, where
you brought like all these bacon dishes to the show?
Like I never thought in my life that I would ever say this is too much bacon.
That was last year.
That was too much bacon.
Was it last year?
That was my birthday last year.
That was actually really good.
That was a lot of bacon.
But there was so much bacon left over.
Yes, there was.
It was too much.
And you guys left it at my house.
I would probably do just like a meat party instead because seriously, bacon, even cooking
it the entire day, it just doesn't get, it's not very good.
Now steak party, that's good.
That sounds like a game that they should sell on the shelves of Target right between like
Blind Date and Mall Madness.
Meat party.
That totally could not be here.
I only eat meat once a month.
Well they'll have to be on that day.
All right.
Anyhow.
Hi.
I missed you guys last week.
My aim is still improving ever so much though.
But you know.
Oh we did fine without you Rob.
You can just go home if you want.
Okay bye.
No I'm kidding.
No well actually I turned on the show while I was at the airport just to make sure that
you guys like were alive.
Because you didn't trust us.
Well I don't, you'd never had done it before so I just want to make sure you didn't get
into a train wreck.
You know what I mean?
And then you guys, I heard like five seconds of the show, you guys were on the phone with
Aki Ripper and I'm like oh okay they're already into calls so they're done bye.
And then after that everything fell apart.
No it didn't really.
It's because I tuned in.
We kept losing the stream.
It's because I tuned in.
So what did I miss on last week's show?
I have not heard it yet.
And I apologize to the podcastees because they, I mean by the time they hear this they'll
be okay.
You missed Tiara.
Well I've talked to Tiara before.
I know she's a fun gal.
I enjoy her.
But you missed her fun hosting capabilities.
Did she did she do the Rob role where she kept you all in check?
Make sure you were following the show role?
Did she?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great.
I'm sure that show was awesome.
No I'm kidding.
I think I skipped a story once and then we went back and did it.
All right.
Well I'm glad to hear things were good and that means I can take vacations more often.
It's better than the last time we tried to run the show without you.
Wasn't that the show where you ended up watching like a porno?
Yeah.
Good times.
Good times.
Well I went to Disneyland last week as you guys know and I had a good time and yeah I'm
fresh out of Space Mountain.
But Dark Soccer and I are still trying to get the December 17th thing to work.
We got to just cross the T's and dot the I's and all that stuff.
I have an annual pass again so going back won't be a problem for me.
And I saw some of the pictures from Electronica which started this week and they actually
have a whole little Flynn's arcade with like 80s old school video games.
We're there.
I know it's gonna be fun.
We're going.
Good times.
Anyhow.
No one.
No one.
No one.
And if they try.
Except maybe the bank.
Smite.
Maybe the bank.
The bank could stop us.
All right.
Smite.
Let's start off the show.
Let's see.
We've talked about food.
We've talked about Disneyland.
Is there anything else we talk about on this show?
Oh yeah.
Video games.
Once in a while we talk about video games.
How about Rainbow Farting Universe?
Here on the show.
No.
Seriously.
Someone.
All right.
I was at Outback last night for my one steak a month.
Quit.
I quit.
I'm going back to Disneyland.
And I did my.
And someone says, do you need anything else?
Do you want anything else?
I say, yeah.
Like a pony, please.
And she said, oh.
And the girl said, my friend Jamie always asks for a unicorn that poops rainbows.
And I was like, my name is Jamie.
And she's like, oh wow.
My answer would be, how would you like that cook?
I would.
I guess you had to be there.
All right.
It was funny.
I'm sleep deprived.
Rob got.
Rob brought me caffeine.
Unprompted.
Well here.
Well, cause I know it puts you in a good mood and I don't wanna have to deal with a bitch
Jamie all night.
Anyway.
Love hearts.
Um, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
I see some folks in chat complaining that the podcast is not yet uploaded from last
week.
And I swear I'm not doing it out of a spite.
No, here's the deal.
I got like super sick.
I had to miss.
I missed a day at Disneyland due to being sick.
I made Alan go to the park without me on Sunday and I thought I was getting better come Monday.
But then like Tuesday, the day I was supposed to come over and get all the show stuff taken
care of.
I had the worst fever.
I had to call in sick to work and that that's a big deal for me to call in sick to work.
Cause I really don't.
Rob has amazing work ethic.
Fantastic rib places across the street from Disneyland.
Actually we did eat at Tony Roma's.
Yes, we did eat there actually.
That's right.
I haven't seen him in forever.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Anyhow.
Tony Stark's house of ribs.
All right.
I'm just reading the chat and a salacious pop is just going, wow, Rob, you can't.
I was, I was mean to Jamie.
I didn't mean it.
Come on.
You guys, I have to, I have to razzle on the show.
I got him.
I got last week to make up for.
Come on you guys.
And your, your mic sucks.
That is not a lie.
I went, you went to the place without me.
I know.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Let's talk about, cause we do talk about video games once in a while on the show.
How was your gaming week and dark soccer?
How was your game?
We, we really, really do need to get the mic cord.
I thought for some reason my cord here, I pushed it out last week.
All right.
We'll just get anyone.
I think it got loose is what it is.
It's loose.
Like a hoo-er.
Um, I, I was going to play Final Fantasy 13 and didn't.
Dan's been in there with our friend George over here playing Halo Reach all day and I
played Star Trek online and I'm doing, I've got actually until tomorrow to finish the
other three missions in this whole Breen thing so that I can get my free Breen tactical officer
because I have a shit ton of homework to do the rest of the week.
So J busy, Jamie is busy.
Um, I played lots of plants versus zombies.
I played in our bacular drop, which we know that is right.
Yeah.
The bonus moments in the game, right?
The precursor to portal.
Oh, the game that, oh yeah, I'm not any good at it and it's like, it's a neat concept.
I mean, but I'm glad that portal made it less, uh, Clippy, if you know what I mean with fewer
trolls in it.
Um, and then what else did I play?
Um, no, a lot of plants versus zombies, a whole lot of plants versus zombies.
You beat it yet.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Is it beatable?
I don't know.
Yeah.
You can beat adventure mode and then you do it again.
I've played it a couple of times, but never for an extended period of time.
So now I'm trying to do the, uh, the no fungus among us achievement where you don't use fungus
at night or something.
I don't know.
Um, no, no, I know I played something else.
I just can't remember what it is.
Dan's played a whole lot of Mega Man.
Like old school Mega Man?
Like NES Mega Man?
Mega Man 4 Game Boy edition.
That's random.
What makes a person think I want to play Mega Man 4 on the Game Boy?
He's been watching Mega Man playthroughs.
Oh, okay.
So my husband's a dork.
All right.
Heart.
I think the Mega Man collection on a GameCube is still an awesome game to have because you
know those GameCubes can, you can still play them on the Wii.
Yeah.
So it's still a good collection to have or the PS2, whatever, whatever one you want.
Some people don't like the GameCube one cause I think the buttons are swapped or something.
So but it's fine.
It doesn't bother me.
Either way is fine.
You're not bothered Rob.
No.
And um, I've been keeping Super Metroid all warm and cozy for you.
Awesome.
Yeah.
We played a little bit of that last.
Cause I wasn't here on the last show, but I don't know if you mentioned it, but yeah,
I came over at like that Tuesday.
We played some Super Metroid.
It was good times.
And we beat turtle after you left.
Did you?
Yeah.
Good times.
I had to switch to Donatello.
I like the long stick.
Oh my.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
I didn't play a whole lot.
I played mainly uh, Grand Theft Auto.
Um, you know, more Grand Theft Auto 4, Lost and Damned.
Still play more multiplayer.
I am really pissing off my coworkers because I'm, I keep winning a lot and I've actually
had to draft up a printed out form letter for apologies for beating them at certain
things that I, I fill out.
So um, I don't know if that adds insult to injury or what, but it's what they requested.
So I'm sorry that you suck.
That sounds like you had to like make your amends to your coworkers.
Like it's because, okay, the game is so lagging out.
Like um, I think they shut down some servers or something when they're, when they moved
on to new expansion and Red Dead Redemption, that kind of stuff.
So the game, it gets a little laggy sometimes and sometimes things just seem to go my way.
Like um, you know, they'll be coming to attack me and all of a sudden a car hits them and
they get knocked over and I turn around and shoot them in the face or uh, I, you know,
my big thing now that I've been come, you know, kind of become fascinated with is climbing
up buildings.
Like I'm totally this like massive free runner in that damn game now.
It's ridiculous.
Like the, how the fuck did you get on top of that skyscraper?
It's like you're Spiderman.
It's seriously, I'm like Spiderman in that game.
It's ridiculous.
Um, and there's a lot of places in, especially in Algonquin that you can just climb up to
the top of buildings and there's so many like fire escapes you can get to and it's ridiculous.
So you had to write your coworkers apology letters.
Like were they like at the point where, we're not playing with you again cause you're a
jerk.
They're getting pretty pissed off at me.
It's bad.
It's, it sounds like you had to write your amends letters.
Like one of the things I was doing when I was sick is I was watching a lot of intervention
on A&E and one of the episodes I was watching was the follow up episode to the chick that
inhales computer duster.
Did you ever see this episode of the chick who inhales the computer duster?
It's like I'm walking on sunshine.
She's walking on sunshine.
It's like I'm walking on sunshine.
But anyways, inhaling computer duster, it's toughing.
It's toughing.
It's some way kids get high and it's really dangerous.
Don't do it.
Really, really dangerous.
Like you do a whipped cream.
I guess.
Yeah, like that whole thing.
So that's where that South Park thing came from.
Yes.
That's where the towel thing on South Park comes from.
But anyway, they had like a follow up episode to her and she, as part of the follow up,
she's, she's all better now.
So, you know, hooray for her.
And she's, she's not doing that stuff anymore.
One thing she had to do was make amends.
So she had to like write a letter to the police.
Like, I'm sorry, I put up a fight when you try to arrest me and dah, dah, dah.
And write to the people at Walmart.
I'm sorry that I would come in every day and buy 10 cans of computer duster.
So like it sounds like Loki is like having to write amends to his coworkers.
Like I'm sorry that I repeatedly beat your ass at Grand Theft Auto and I'm sorry you
can't handle it.
Sorry you suck.
It's not necessary.
It's only when like, you know, really ridiculous things happen that, you know, shouldn't happen
normally in the circumstances of the game.
So I don't know, whatever.
Other things I played other than Grand Theft Auto, I did play a little bit of Dead Rising
2.
And I really do mean a little bit.
I mean I only got to the part where they get into the, what is it, the shelter and that's
it.
I mean that's like literally five minutes into the game.
It's cool though.
I am really excited to play the rest of the game.
I just really pressed on time.
The other thing of course, obviously since I have my iPod with me a lot during work hours
and you know, when I'm watching the baby, I've been playing a lot of Geared, which is
a puzzle game with gears that you have to move different gears around to try to get
all the gears to spin.
And it's pretty fun.
It's kind of addicting.
I am digging though this one app on there called the free app watcher, or free app tracker.
And they'll basically track or let you know when apps drop in price to free.
So you can go on there and browse through there and download games that would normally
cost you money because they're either trying to promote them or whatever.
So that's kind of cool, a great way to get a bunch of free shit.
So yeah, that's pretty much what I've been playing.
I'm excited to get a new laptop this week that will actually be able to run Grand Theft
Auto on it so I can do my editing at work because that's really the only time I'd actually
have to do mods for the Xbox 360 version.
Plus I can run other things on there and I'm possibly going to download Minecraft now since
everybody keeps talking about it and I got to see what this thing is.
I somehow missed the boat on all this Minecraft stuff because it's just really happened in
the past couple weeks, but why is everybody all gung ho about Minecraft?
I somehow missed this while I was on vacation.
It went free for a while while they were fixing some server issues or something and once people
start playing they're like, oh my god, it's addictive.
It's basically a game you go in and you create stuff.
And then there's monsters.
There's a lot of games like that in there.
Well yeah, but this is really addicting apparently.
Okay, I'll have to try it.
I mean, don't knock it till you try it.
I've heard a lot of things about it.
To the point where there's someone like recreating the Star Trek Enterprise full scale in the
game.
That's cool.
So it's kind of like Legos but a game.
Something like that.
It's like Leo Universe, but not.
We've created a new game in the chat called Poopville.
I'm looking at our chat room chat.orangelandraday.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday
evening and that's chat.orangelandraday.com and I see all this talk about Farmville.
I think the whole talk about addiction and intervention.
My mom's addicted to Farmville.
Wow.
And I'm looking at a defective candy in our chat room.
That's not a name I've seen before.
I don't think so.
Hi.
I just shake my head with shame whenever someone comes in and buys one of those Farmville cards
for work and like wow people really do buy those.
But you know what actually I can relate this to Disneyland a little bit.
You know I do the pin trading at Disneyland and I always buy like a generic pin set to
trade away to people to because the employees trade with you and it's this whole little
like weird game you play while you're at the parks.
So I bought a pack of starter pins and you know what the pack was that I bought of starter
pins?
Club Penguin.
And like almost all day long people kept asking me like what are those pins?
What is it?
And I'm having to like explain Club Penguin to people which is weird because I've never
played it.
But it's one of those like Disney style Farmville-esque MMOs and they sell those cards right next
to the Farmville cards at the store.
But it's more for kids because it's Disney.
So yeah people actually buy that stuff.
But I mean the kids stuff I get because the kids stuff you really have to ration.
I get that a little more but the adult stuff it's like oh boy.
Oh boy.
Yeah so again if you want to join us in chat chat.orangelaundryday.com.
Anything else you want to mention about your gaming week?
Loki are you all done?
You all done?
I'm done.
All right.
I don't think I have a whole lot for my gaming week I gotta be honest since I was out for
five days and then I was sick I didn't do a whole lot of gaming.
Just a lot of sleeping.
I did play some more World of Warcraft because you know I'm a little yeah shut up.
Hey my guild is nine of twelve now in ICC finally.
We're almost there.
Sounds like a Borg designation.
Doesn't it?
We just have to get Putricide and Cindergosa and then we'll be on our way to the Lich King.
So we're progressing along nicely there.
I did a 25 man run over the weekend that was it was interesting.
It got a little it was a little slow to start so in a little later than I thought.
I don't feel so bad about my Breen thing now.
What's that?
Your what thing?
Breen.
What's that?
They're a race in Star Trek.
Oh is this like a thing you're trying to like you have to grind a lot to get to play them
or?
No no.
And I'll tell everyone right now who's playing Star Trek online.
They have me they're having a special that if you do the Breen episodes there's five
of them when you finish the last episode you get a Breen tactical officer.
Only until the 14th.
Wow.
So that's what I'm doing.
Only I've got tomorrow to finish it.
Random.
I'm sorry but I'm saying now I don't feel so bad about my Breen.
That's all right.
There's holiday events and wow that are just as bad.
So yeah it's mostly been that because you know I was away for five days and then I was
sick and everything so I haven't been playing a whole lot.
Plus I spent a lot more at Disneyland than I should have.
So I've been scaling back in other ways like I was going to get the Castlevania game this
week but I've heard mixed things on it anyway.
I've heard it's not so hot like that's that's the general reaction I've been seeing on Facebook.
And I actually resisted buying Final Fantasy 14 which has been getting some really mixed
reviews online.
Have you seen this?
Like some websites like I think GameSpot gave it a four like.
But some websites have been giving it like eights.
So it's it's really hit and miss Final Fantasy 14.
It's interesting.
So I will talk a little bit briefly then some of the games I was able to play since I was
like you know at the airport and stuff I did play a quite a few iPhone games.
So just really quick I know not everyone's into this but I'll mention a couple things
I played that came out.
Stardunk is totally free.
It's this basketball kind of game but not really like I don't want you to think it's
like a NBA type game because it's not.
It's like it reminds me a little more of those like old school tank shooting games because
you like kind of use your finger to pick like an angle and a power and then you just try
to fire a ball in the basket as many times as you can but the ball keeps moving around
the screen.
And it's like online and all this uber stuff with it.
So it's pretty cool.
BitTrip Beat came out on the iPhone.
This game will set you back five bucks.
That's a little much I think considering there are so many games out there that are 99 cents
and free.
I talked about this last week because I actually played it last week.
Oh did you?
What did you think?
I dislike.
I never really cared for the Wii controls you know how you had to tilt the remote to
get you know the stuff to go back and your little paddle to go back and forth.
And I really don't like it on the iPod or iPhone.
I'd rather use my finger to move it up and down and because that would be a lot more
accurate but it you can't and it's annoying.
It was I mean the tilt thing was fine for me.
I enjoyed it.
I still think it's a good game and it's weird that like I'll pay ten dollars on it for the
on the Wii but then I sit here and go but five dollars on the iPhone is too much.
But I think we just get accustomed to these different pricing things when there's so many
games out on the iPhone that are free or like three dollars or less.
Like your game has to be really good to justify a five dollar or even like ten dollar premium.
It's Sonic 4 they want like $9.99 for that right?
Okay.
No I am not paying that much.
But would you pay fifteen for it on the PS3?
No I wouldn't.
Oh okay.
I wouldn't.
And why is that Loki?
Why is that?
Why is that?
Because I've played it and it's terrible.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't trade it at E3 enough.
It was fine.
But here's the thing though.
I'm not a real big fan of Sonic games so I you know maybe that's not for me to judge.
Personally I think like games like Sonic Colors or the good parts of Sonic Unleashed actually
seem more interesting to me.
It's just I don't know it he moves too fast for a platforming game.
That's my opinion.
But they're taken out like it's kind of funny because the version I have is like a beta
and so some of the levels that were in there like remember that mine cart level or whatever
that's not actually going to appear in the 360 version anymore.
It's only in the iPhone, iPod versions because they have tilt controls or in the Wii version
I guess.
Weird.
And I know we'll get into stuff later I'm not sure if the story.
Yeah there's some Sonic 4 stuff on the show later but.
And that that's ridiculous.
I'm sorry.
We'll get there when we get there sorry I just I do think it's interesting though that
it came out on the iPhone first like I'm sure you guys have heard Sonic 4 is out on the
iPhone now and it's not out on consoles till this week right?
I'll probably buy it on consoles anyway just because I'm a consumer whore yay you know
and how exactly.
Well if you like the old school Sonic games.
I love the old school Sonic.
Then you'll probably like it.
I will.
I didn't care for the old I like Sonic 1 that was alright and Sonic and Knuckles was kind
of fun but I don't know I just don't like Sonic too much.
The Dreamcast one recently came out on the 360 as well and I did play that a little bit
a couple weeks ago.
And apparently that was a terrible port as well.
It was okay.
Well actually I know I took that back it wasn't a terrible.
It isn't the same game to me at all.
It's just not the same game to me at all.
Well like people are complaining about like graphics and stuff in there I'm like it's
a Dreamcast game when you expect I mean come on.
Because you're taking a game that you remember from your tiny TV in your bedroom that was
hooked up with the RCA red yellow white cables or maybe even like the RF adapters like you
know minimal graphical ability for this day and age and now you're putting it on your
HDTV.
Well every flaw you're going to see now and every rough polygon that was smooth before
because the old TVs weren't as crisp.
And your expectations back then were way lower I mean remember when the Nintendo 64 stuff
came out and hell even before that you know just even some of the I don't know like 3D
stuff on even like the mode 7 stuff sometimes like even Mario Kart and stuff it's like oh
my god this is so awesome.
You know that's why some people can't get into the retro gaming like you know and I'm
like oh Game Room is awesome because like Atari 2600 games on your HDTV like you can't
hook up an Atari 2600 to your HDTV anymore without some major rigging going on that's
going to cause loss of quality.
But like you know these Atari 2600 games are crisp on my HDTV.
Yes I know that's kind of weird because it's not like 2600 games were known for their graphics
but it's kind of neat.
You know I don't know and in fact not everybody gets that and that's okay that's why.
You heard you heard what they're doing with what Capcom is planning on doing with the
iPhone stuff they're planning on doing something like Game Room but with the Capcom games.
Oh interesting.
As long as Quiz and Dragons is in there I'm game.
Probably.
Quiz and Dragons was awesome.
It was it ran on the same hardware as it was either CPS 1 or 2 I can't remember what's
the one that Street Fighter 2 is on?
Street Fighter 2 is CPS 2.
All the okay Quiz and Dragons was on this it was Magic Sword Final Fight they were all
on that same engine.
Yeah.
Quiz and Dragons was awesome.
Just saying look it up.
All right anyhow I think I need to bribe Dark Soccer to make that a classic game of the
week at some point.
Which one?
Just saying Quiz and Dragons.
You know I never played it.
Really?
Yeah.
It's neat.
It's in one of those Capcom collections it's it's hard now because all the trivia questions
are like from 92.
They're like who is president now it's like oh no I think it was Clinton was it all right
anyhow let's get into some housekeeping then we'll get into some actual news what are you
doing Dark Star are you playing your I was looking at Minecraft it looks irritating it
looks like an old school like doom make your own doom type of thing see that right there
is what I imagine ZZT would look like if they did it nowadays oh now you just sold me this
is this like ZZT is this like a new ZZT because if so you basically can make your you you
dig and you can harvest stuff and you can create objects you can dig holes you can dig
holes wait wait wait and you build up hold on hold on hold on Jamie pick up your mic
I don't understand it's just fucking me you will sit there and play The Sims for God knows
how long but this is just fucking holes I'm not playing dress-up but okay I don't get
it you can basically look at the videos on YouTube and stuff you can create houses and
stuff and forts and later on not the spoil anything there's monsters ladies at the close
page there's monsters that come that you have to defend you know your little house or castle
or whatever the hell you decide to make in it and you can get torches that keep the evil
things away it's like it's it's a whole big you know it's almost like a little bit tower
defense with a little bit of like crafting an MMO with a little bit of big planet you
know it's a little of everything it's just people like it because it can be extremely
creative in it and it's one of those games that never really ends all right chat that
orange is ready to calm lots of comments Tiger Claw says and many of the Atari 2600 games
are two-player online and no ability to play with others online with it I agree game room
has huge flaws and that's why it's not doing as well as you think it would and that's one
of them and it's very very sad because now nobody's gonna attempt it again this generation
and that makes me very sad that they had such a great idea and then kind of made these few
key decisions that just kind of ruin it boo hiss let's see salacious pop says minecraft
is item creation heaven hell you dig you build you explore you defend you resource farm forever
forever chat orange andre.com if you want to join us on this lovely Sunday evening while
I get into some housekeeping I didn't even mention it is 10 10 10 42 happy do you know
how many people I know that got married today like today was a huge wedding day because
of the day and I'm going to a wedding next weekend Bobby was off tonight because of a
wedding like it's so stupid why so you can remember your and that's what women want women
want days that are cute right no not me I was like September 1st that works for me all
right to be fair some some men wanted to so whatever that's just what some couples do
they do something cute so yeah I know a lot of people got married today but for the East
Coasters it will soon be 10 10 p.m. I don't don't do the military time thing or they'll
screw it up it's it'll be 10 10 p.m. very soon for you guys so be sure to yell and scream
or something when it happens let's see we Herman spazzinator in our chat room says I
still love game room despite its faults you know that's kind of where I'm at too is that
you know despite its faults I do love the retro goodness that it brings out so it's
like you have to love it although boy they're really reaching now with some of these games
they're putting out they're running out I don't think they were able to bring any other
publishers on board that's kind of sad let's see oh and people are reminding me act F
says 42 equals life the universe and everything that's right because 10 10 10 in binary is
42 which is the answer some of you guys need to really get over numerology thing I'm just
saying no no no it has nothing to do numerology did you ever read hitchhiker's guide ah like
bits and pieces but never the whole thing okay I will explain this in a nutshell the
earth was created to be a supercomputer to figure out the meaning of life or the answer
to life or something and before it got destroyed it only it got as far as 42 interesting so
on the 42 is the answer on the 42nd day god rested or whatever it's 42 all right fine
let's see ah so happy 10 10 10 join our website orange launch radio.com our twitter twitter.com
slash olr we're gonna take those twitter topics so get those in for part b uh and so forth
our facebook facebook.com slash orange launch radio blah blah blah etc etc let's get into
some actual gaming news we're only what 30 minutes into the show need some gaming news
just just a little bit loki what's up in the world of gaming well uh lots of stuff in fact
there's a new um I guess you would call it a handheld console that's coming from somebody
that used to be in the console business and is not anymore panasonic um they you may remember
them for the 3do then again maybe you don't remember them for the 3do because it wasn't
that great um well now they have a was that the system with the terrible like zelda and
mario knockoff games was that the 3do or cdi I always get those two mixed up because they
were 3do they were right around the same time yo had like some of the old 3do had mega race
right did it um it may have had mega race it had I remember I played um you don't know
jack on the 3do and I also played um road rash on 3do road rash is cool maybe road rash
is what I was thinking of not mega race um he may have had mega races all around that
same time period anyways so they're putting out this new handheld console that's called
the jungle and it apparently has a full uh qwerty keyboard a high res display plus a
touch sensitive d-pad and buttons and um apparently they're gonna be they're like they said they're
gearing it for um mmos the thing runs linux um so it's obviously gonna be able to run
other things but honestly I don't know many mmos that run natively in linux so it's nice
that you made a console for mmos that don't yet really exist for the console well but
they get a lot of stuff to run on linux does wow run on linux I don't think it does I think
it's just pc and mac like I know blizzard people have gotten to run in the uh gnome
I mean at the gnome the whatever the virtual environment is wine interesting um it also
comes with a mini hdmi port a mini usb port um headphone jack of course um is kind of
thick looking um people say it looks kind of like the n gauge I don't know if I'd compare
to the n gauge um and funny enough they uh unveiled it on the mtv show to which this
at this point I was unaware of uh rob looks like rob uh deer decks fantasy factory yeah
I don't know anything about that show wow yeah huh it's a long way from downtown julie
brown that's all says um I guess along with the system Panasonic is launching a Battlestar
Galactica title for the device and a web show called online underground I wonder if it's
that same Battlestar Galactica mmo I saw at e3 because that looked kind of neat I don't
know um it looks neat I mean if it actually supported you know mmo's or something you
need to the point where it would be able to run them without any sort of lag or something
that might not be bad um I could see this almost as something that you could say for
example stream something kind of like the on live stuff maybe you know have this portable
device with you it connects to the web and you can stream say something from your pc
so you can play an mmo on it or something I bet you know with all this on live stuff
I bet we're only a couple of years away from seeing something just like that if this isn't
it that's a really good thought is that you know pretty soon these handheld devices will
be able to stream heck the psp actually will stream from your ps3 but not in the way you
think like you can't play games over it or anything but you know you can like get files
can you well you can do like the ps1 game no ps3 games no I tried it before you can't
do yes you can that must be doing something wrong you are doing something wrong you play
ps3 games really yes huh I've been I've been doing something wrong this whole time now
granted it's certain ps3 games you can play that are compatible but that's why it's only
a certain one now certain psp games or ps3 games they have built in where you can stream
that and you can actually play it um however also with the recent hacks to the ps3 they
have enabled that on all games but the thing is it really comes down to um it comes down
to the control set whether the control set will work with what's limited on the psp but
yeah anything is possible um with the ps3 you can you know play any of the psp game
or ps3 games on the psp hmm and I bet most people don't even know that type of functionality
exists because sony would rather market these other features that you know yeah but um they
I don't I don't know when I when I hear of this thing and I see this thing and and you
describing it I don't think of this as like a handheld gaming device in a way I can pretty
large well I file this under the ipad competitor department doesn't this I mean to me yeah
it doesn't have a touch screen or anything but it seems more ipad esque where it's more
of like a computer that runs linux because if it runs linux then who's to say I can just
run mmos on it I mean couldn't I do spreadsheets on it it's possible right so it's more of
a computer than a gaming device I guess it's all in the way they're marketing it maybe
but it just seems strange to me Sony try to play off the ps3 as a computer yeah but I
don't know that was different because it's not like well I get but you could run linux
on the ps3 at least for a limited time it can't anymore but I don't think I don't know
how many people really use that feature I mean when they took it out certainly there
was that core group of hackers and folks that were very upset and then what the the military
had been using it or something is the the processors and those things are disgustingly
fast so it's kind of like a really cheap supercomputer but you know most people didn't get a ps3
to run linux on it most people did most people got it to be a cheap blu-ray player I see
it anyway yeah no all right well speaking of mmos whether this one will run on this
device or not I don't know but the biggest one world of warcraft at least here in the
US has a release date for its next expansion that's right the cataclysm will be starting
on December 7th that's where world of warcraft cataclysm will hit stores it's going to be
$40 when it comes out there will be a collector's edition for $80 that comes with an art book
commentary dvd soundtrack cd mouse pad trading cards and a little in-game pet called lil
deathwing so you can go out and run that and run out and buy that in stores or and I find
this very interesting we all kind of saw this coming after starcraft 2 they will be doing
digital download with this that strikes me as kind of amazing because they're not going
to have those awesome media opportunities of folks lining out lining up outside of stores
and all that unless I guess they're just getting the collector's edition but people are surprised
people are like pissed off that those collector's editions are really rare right now it's kind
of like I guess any of the other expansions it's just interesting to me that you know
they're going to go ahead and go the digital distribution route and kind of I don't know
it seems a little bit controversial but blizzard in the pc market can also kind of get away
with doing whatever it wants right now so well they don't want their sales limited by
the number of physical copies that are out there maybe they feel they can't put them
out fast enough I don't know maybe because you're gonna have a lot of people who want
this day one I mean most of the sales will be in the first couple weeks there's not gonna
be a lot of people that are gonna wait till Christmas that's why and by the way I just
just want to remind you kindly I told you this game was going to come out mid-december
like three months ago because blizzard can do whatever they want with actually blizzard
told us that it was coming out mid-december like in february and then they what moved
it around a bunch no no no they hinted at it you said on the show it's gonna be in november
like a couple that's what I'm saying that they said and that's compared to what they've
released in the past but apparently no it was they were saying there was some comment
that they made it was either an interview or something where they're like yeah there
was a 12.7 percent chance of blah blah blah blah blah and you know it was kind of a little
hint that they threw out that no one caught until just now like I'm saying they could
put this game out on christmas eve and people would still be lining up to get it I mean
it just doesn't matter it's it's that kind of game same thing with diablo 3 if they want
to release diablo 3 on thanksgiving they could do it uh let's see uh looking at comments
from chat dot orange entre.com toy gak in our chat room says I hate digital distribution
hard media forever maybe physical media I don't know I would you I know neither of you
really play well but let's say this was an expansion to a game you do really like let's
say dark soccer was a star trek online second edition or something and I don't know for
loki grand theft auto 5 would you bypass the store completely in favor of digital distribution
no and why not is that just because of what you do for a living uh what I do for a living
and what I do for a hobby okay dark soccer well keep keep in mind I actually did get
both digital and a you're cutting out I got both a digital and the physical copy so that
I could get special content although I have been known in the past to go the digital route
to get it slightly early all right all right and buy a physical copy later on convenience
like when I couldn't find all my wow stuff I downloaded it when I would try to play again
uh boshka in our chat room says collector's edition is barely worth it 40 for a pet no
thanks a lot of collector's editions have a cd and a book and all that I mean but yeah
a lot of collector's editions nowadays to me it seems like they're not worth it anymore
like I used to buy like collector's editions for different things like bioshock and saint's
row 2 and grand theft auto 4 and stuff like that it's just a bunch of crap that they throw
in there I mean I don't need any key I don't need keychains and like metal cases and shit
for my stuff anymore now a cool statue maybe but um you know a lot of times it's not really
worth it although the little big planet 2 collector's edition looks pretty fucking awesome
um tron not so much frisbee in our chat says but does it come with a plate and a spoon
kind of in a reference to that dreamcast game the dark soccer has uh defective candy in
our term says my biggest issue with digital distro is if something happens to my computer
if I can re-download it I would do digital you know that's something that blizzard's
pretty good about though I mean even if you have these games from way before there was
ever digital distribution like for instance I see dan up there in his collection has a
warcraft 3 game and there's a serial number on that if he goes to battle.net and enters
in that serial number it'll get attached to his account and he could always re-download
warcraft 3 wherever he's at so it's kind of you know that is one thing blizzard's pretty
good about is that once you do have the game tied to your account you could always re-download
it anywhere kind of interesting so anyhow one other uh quick note here on world of warcraft
it was also announced by blizzard this week that they have surpassed the 12 million subscriber
mark that's right there are now 12 million subscribers for world of warcraft keep in
mind that's not just in the us this is uh partially attributed to the fact that wrath
of the lich king finally came out in mainland china just about a month ago and of course
cataclysm is coming out here soon so everybody's getting ready for that so who knows um yeah
this is interesting though the last time there was a big population increase announcement
was december 2008 when it got to 11 and a half million so a lot of folks at that time
thought oh wow it's topped off it's dying but nope they got up to 12 million this week
but probably not likely to ever get as high as 20 million as some people thought it once
would there's 20 million people living in australia just so you know come on australia
would what's the holdup there you go so uh yeah world of warcraft 12 million people that's
a lot of people playing but that is a worldwide number not just here in the us otherwise that
would be quite astounding uh i think there are still bigger games in china though i do
not think wow is the biggest game in china by far i believe lineage is still the dominating
game over there so weird yeah dark sakura what do you got for us some more stuff oh
i love stuff how about dc universe yay i'm really looking forward to dc universe online
well um you gotta wait no it's been delayed until spring 2010 no wait spring 2010 then
it's already out 11 no which means that uh it's gonna be a while however um the beta
is gonna be available in november that will be um if you pre-order the game then you are
uh guaranteed access to the november 30th beta so you have to have it you have to pre-order
before november 15th to make it into the beta so you can still get the game in november
you just have to pre-order the game to play the test game yes okay because i'm doing their
job right of course not i'm still very excited about dc universe online i'm sad to hear it's
getting delayed but at the same time there was another big mmo that came out very recently
that i said should probably be delayed until 2011 uh boy did they listen boy yeah boy did
they listen uh so you know what if that's what this game has to do to take the time
to get it right then you know what so be it if it's that much better they can always just
patch it later on that's right that's right it doesn't need to be finished patching finish
it's never finished it's an mmo we're always adding stuff i mean fixing things i mean making
it not shitty i mean tiger claw sharing a new sound effect for us uh i guess this is
the the sister to sad trombone to play when we have depressing stories like uh dc universe
online is delayed until spring 2011 oh that's not a new one this is called sad tuba.com
i just thought sad tuba that's just the price is right losing horn the price is light is
i thought it was going to be the sad trombone thing played on the tuba so i thought it would
be whatever that's the craziest dorkiest thing i've ever heard yeah i know i know anyhow
yeah let's move on quickly before i embarrass myself again yes so um this is kind of neat
on live apparently is ditching the monthly charge and they're going free um and apparently
they're also working on well they they talked about this they're working on a mini kind
of streaming console that's supposed to be manufactured soon apparently um the former
night 14.95 per month service i guess which was um through its founding members program
uh they have offered now a year of free service and apparently uh they're also going to be
offering a bunch of free demos and stuff to check out uh you can i think that the free
service is not free forever i think it's just um you know like a trial type thing and um
you can basically create an account with uh no monthly cost no credit card needed for
sign up and uh lots of free stuff to play and then the micro console it's gonna be like
a kind of a streaming box think of like a sling box or something like that with a controller
built in and you basically plug it into a tv i guess almost looks like maybe like a
was an apple tv or something like that yeah they were showing those at e3 it looked kind
of interesting the whole like plug into the tv stuff yeah i was like is this there's a
trick to this there's a computer in the box or something there's a trick i mean it's not
it's worked so far i mean they the apparently the stuff they've been showing is very low
latency so um apparently they got it to work over wi-fi now too like i remember one of
the big drawbacks originally was that it wouldn't work over wi-fi but now it does let's go figure
um well i mean that was certainly a drawback to online was this whole monthly fee like
really you're gonna like pay me a monthly fee to buy games seems a little strange it's
like you're having to join i'd like someone to pay me a monthly fee to buy games no i
thought that the monthly fee was just like to play whatever on their service kind of
no no no you still have to rent the games or buy the games and even when you buy them
it's only guaranteed for three years because you know you're playing on someone else's
computer so if the service ever gets shut down in three years or whatever then it's
it's gone so it's still a little bit iffy but if you're the type that just wants to
rent games or check out the game demos which certainly is useful um then it might be worth
it i still need to sign up and check it out i would like to make you use of the uh game
rental i think it might be kind of yeah the whole uh free demo thing might be kind of
cool because say for example you know you want to play like one of the new games that's
coming out recently or very soon or something like that and they have a demo for it you
don't want to spend time downloading i mean because some of these demos out there are
you know a few gigs in the download that it might take a very long time and then you have
to install it and that takes more time this you can just play it and go oh don't like
it go to the next one the no need to download install you know worry about doing all that
stuff just kind of play it as you go yeah and plus you could have like a crappy computer
and it still plays and that would be kind of cool to do with like say like an xbox 360
or something like that so i don't have to download the demo i can just boom play the
demo instantly i bet that i bet that's going to be a big feature in the next generation
of consoles maybe i've said i said a while ago that this is the games analyst in me one
of them probably playstation is going to be ballsy enough to try and go all digital just
cut out the physical media completely look out game stop that works so well for them
in the past i think it'll be different because it'll be that the problem with the psp go
is that it was really more lucky more well because it was more money for the removal
of the future but if they had charged like ninety nine dollars for that thing it would
have done great that's the difference so with the psp2 being announced next year i'm sure
we'll see what's coming well we will one thing we know is coming very soon is nba jam and
apparently uh lots of interesting stuff going on with nba jam i don't know if this was covered
last week or if it was this week or what but nba jam i guess got ended up getting split
off from the nba game on the 360 and the ps3 right yeah so now it's coming out as a standalone
game so that's kind of interesting and one thing uh we wanted to see an nba jam uh would
be hidden characters because you know the old school nba jam was awesome because it
had what it had like uh scorpion and some of the mortal kombat characters and what i
think bill clinton was in there somewhere right oh yeah well uh apparently this new
nba jam is is keeping with the political ha ha's and uh you can actually unlock obama
and uh sarah palin as playable characters so yeah uh there are it's out on the we now
so you can check it out and there's actually some codes have already been found on how
to unlock um certain things i guess you can get some furries and everything wow yeah i'm
trying to look at some of the things you can unlock here yeah it looks like you can unlock
some of the mascots there oh yeah they have the mascots available in the old ones a furry
dream you can have bush and chaney on your team why if because you want them to play
basketball bush has mad hoop skills of course there you go so i'm trying to look up some
of these codes where are they ah there we go you can unlock the beastie boys as a team
yeah it sounds like wow there's actually a lot of hidden people in this that's kind of
cool manute bowl is hidden in there good times um i was gonna say i don't know if you heard
about how close nba elite was to being released i mean to the point where an actual retail
copy of it leaked out like a disc because i guess they sent them to retailers and then
the retailers had to send them back oh wow and apparently according to the person that
bought one of the retail copies off ebay um the game was really buggy and really fucking
terrible like just all sorts of glitches and bad stuff in there um and then of course they
had nba jam on the ps3 with that um and apparently that was they have i guess some of the features
that they're talking about adding in now we're actually going to be download content in there
so they're saying oh yeah it's not done yet we're adding remix mode or whatever to the
game well actually we're going to release it anyways you just um now you're not spending
extra money for it or something uh tiger cloth sent me a link in our chat room at chat.org.com
and i remember seeing this early this week and kind of like rolling my eyes it's one
of these stories about um uh when people who don't play games talk about games oh yeah
did you hear about this this is on fox news game on sarah palin facing off against president
obama in basketball not on some court in washington or wasilla it's the new nintendo we version
of the video game nba jam and i apologize this is quiet head-to-head competition shooting
hoops along with a host of high profile politicians peter moore is president anyway they go on
to wonder if uh they're gonna make a bipartisan game and all this i'm just like really come
on anyhow they're pissed off because obama had some sort of super move and the rest didn't
so that's unfair they're biasing you know well he's the president and the rest aren't
i mean it's really quite that simple right in theory right uh anyhow rob what how about
something a little different how about something a little different more about the we well
we just had a story on the way but this is about capcom oh okay um there's going to be
some more um downloads coming up for virtual console of course this is uh particularly
um for the uh uk release um there is going to be um ghouls sorry ghosts and goblins which
we love in this house and 1942 will be available also um black dragon which is a little obscure
um they're also going uh they said they don't have a date yet on them but they're going
to be 800 points apiece and also other uh ones that uh were recently announced were
commando sonson and xx so x texas xx where's quiz and dragons i've been i've been asking
since the top of the show where's my quiz and dragons is that on the list no alas no
rob it is not on the list i like though that a lot of those games you're mentioning are
kind of like the ones outside the box like they're not like all the mainstream arcade
games i mean maybe like ghosts and goblins commando awesome but like you know sun sun
like what's next hiji maru remember that one hija maru hija maru that's it the the one
that's on the pirate ship i don't even think it came out in the us but it's an ultra kade
that's the only way i ever played it pingo pingo was a sega game wasn't it sega i was
just thinking of more obscurity there you go i like this but the there's a little bit
of delay between when we talk and when the chat room gets it so the chat room is commenting
on the whole fox news thing chat.orangecountry.com this is a good joke uh hits they're talking
about how you know obama gets the special move the republicans have nothing hits done
goes but all the republicans have an eight and steal get it it's a political joke come
on come on come on no matter what side of the political spectrum you're on that's that's
kind of funny i want abraham lincoln to be in nba jam i think they should do an all presidential
one that'd be awesome and why leave it to just us presidents why not why not do some
royalty as well that's right get margaret thatcher and queen elizabeth lady gaga while
we're at it should definitely be on a team i'm really surprised so with nba jam being
the way that it is you know where it's just you know static headshots and stuff like that
they didn't have a way to put yourself in the game i mean because all it really is it's
just your you know it's just 2d headshots because that will be nba jam people will have
like middle fingers up for haters man well you don't have to you don't have to have that
available online you can have that where you can just you know if you want to play that
yourself like my me characters those you know we have what upside down head we have you
know vagina person you know it's just ridiculous stuff penis face you know that's on it you
know they're walking through the meat parade no it's great because we were playing uh not
necessarily i don't really know if i have the penis one anymore but we were playing
uh mario kart wii one day and there my boss was watching and he's like did i just see
hitler in the background like yeah nice you might have and chuck norris well uh we have
a list list coming up i don't think we're gonna end up doing it tonight i think we'll
roll it over to next week when we actually have a special guest here but we're actually
gonna do a list list on character i most want to see in nba jam so you can look forward
to that we'll probably end up doing that next week i think we're gonna table that to next
week because we didn't end up having a fourth person here tonight we are gonna have a guest
next week i'll talk more about that a little later on in the show because it's it's very
exciting for very exciting reasons it's gonna be retro-tastic next week and i'll tell you
why exciting guest is exciting a little later on in the show uh in the meantime let's go
and travel the world and look at some release dates and what's coming soon to a store near
you loki he has lots of good stuff actually um because we're knee deep in releases this
week um starting off of course the big one medal of honor on playstation 3 xbox 360 and
pc um arcania arcania gothic 4 coming on xbox 360 super scribble knots now with adjectives
um coming out on nintendo ds this week um some slightly crappier games dealer no deal
special edition now with a plastic briefcase that you can hold your nintendo ds in that's
of course on the ds sled shred featuring the jamaican bobsled team wow that would have
been good like years ago um that's coming out wasn't john candy in the cool runnings
movie that was about the jamaican bob yeah that's how old that is that shows you how
old it was because he died what like 15 years ago god rest his soul he was an awesome comedian
but this is a terrible game and it's on the we um other fun stuff let's see disney sing
at party hits on the we and ps3 uh zuzu pets kung zu on nintendo ds and we uh or maybe
just on the ds vampire moon the mystery of the hidden sun it's another adventure game
on nintendo ds um you know frisbee in our chair room that's a damn good question is
deal or no deal still on i don't think it is like the syndicated one got canned this
year didn't it i don't know you know what's coming back though because i read game show
blogs one versus i think dylan or deal is still on there because now they're doing the
stupid thing where it's like the actual contestants are opening the cases i couldn't afford to
pay the models anymore that was that that was the syndicated one i don't think that's
on the air anymore i think that went off the air to make room for the this year's batch
of you know judge shows and all that but no i will say one versus 100 is officially coming
back to game show network and it has a new host it's not going to be bob saget you're
ready for this look who's guess who's hosting one versus 100 now arsenio hall tested for
it but no they passed over arsenio hall for ready get your groaning noises right oh wait
let me get sad tuba ready hold on hold on i need a sad tuba ready for this let me think
i'm trying to guess how terrible it could be um uh it's not mark mcgrath is it no it's
not he's i think he does the lyrics show yeah but he's still terrible okay no uh hosting
one versus 100 on game show network with a top prize of 50 000 down from a million carrie
and anaba from dancing with the stars oh huh yeah exactly dude she's she's the girl on
dancing with the star i'm telling you because you know it takes a real dancer to know how
to if you want to get one place bob saget you know who you need you need the pick what
tom berseron tom berseron yes exactly well he's busy hosting dancing with the stars there's
like the biggest show on tv now oh come on it doesn't take that long to host dancing
with the stars i mean come on he can fit it in his work day to go host that other show
i mean shit well that's like you know maybe four hours at the most it's crazy pants to
me though that the one versus 100 is like gone from xbox live so they can do this cheap
version on game show network with carrie and anaba you know what i mean no disrespect i'm
sure it'll be fine and it's gonna be you know for an original game show it'll be fine did
you know this is still sad totally random but it makes no sense because i i actually
saw this on um it was on the soup i think punked is coming back and they're having justin
bieber hosting it no that is a lie that has to be a lie i don't believe that that has
as much truth as the lapd buying all the jet packs that's how true that story is come on
no way justin bieber is too busy like he's making 15 year old girls panties wet all across
internationally that's that's his job he doesn't have time to do and seriously they have like
a bunch of other cast members from that 70s show that aren't working right now that exactly
hosts exactly come on all right sorry uh no that's okay anyways um other fun stuff that's
coming out this week okay well my other stuff coming out this week uh zusi pets a wild bunch
on the wii and ds and guess what you can actually buy a version with a stuffed hamster woo stuffed
hamster uh my baby my baby three on on the nintendo ds this is the game that actually
had a lawsuit um pending with it because majesco and apparently some other company were fighting
over the rights to my baby they're fighting over my baby um borderlands game of the year
edition coming out this week that's right borderlands with all the extra download content
all for 60 bucks that's on playstation 3 and xbox 360 seriously if you don't own this game
you need to buy it which i don't actually so this might be a good deal by it's fucking
amazing i'm gonna i'm gonna wait for the price drop the inevitable price drop that will happen
on this game um i think the original game has already dropped in price no but i can
get the one with all the uber content yeah right isn't there like a zombie expansion
or something yeah that was one of the first expansions i need that don't i it's it's awesome
it seriously is awesome um okay and then the invisimals coming out on the psp this week
that's right it's the game with the camera yay camera i've only been waiting years for
that stupid thing to come out on the psp and now you release it with a crappy ass game
by the way ipets coming out in the psp a couple weeks anyways yay terrible uh luffia curse
of the sinister rolls on nintendo ds wow isn't a luffia is old school isn't a luffia what
i use in the shower to watch that's a luffa okay uh canada hunt on the we that's where
you hunt canadians awesome really no it's not oh i was like damn if by canadians you
mean native wildlife in canada um like mooses and shit yes oh boring uh dragon's lair trilogy
this is awesome because it doesn't have three dragons there was no third dragon's lair i
bet one of them is space ace you are correct i'm like wait a minute there was no dragon
dragon dragon's lair three it's sort of dragon's lair it's dragon's lair in space oh sorry
uh lucha libre heroes del ring um that's coming out on uh xbox 360 and playstation 3 this
week dragon age origins the ultimate edition also another re-release with uh both dragon
age origins and the awakenings expansion i think all the download content as well that's
going to be coming out for 50 bucks um at least on a pc i think it's 60 on ps3 and 360
uh okay that makes no sense at all oh i guess that was with the system never mind i said
for a second i thought they were selling invisibles by itself i'm like what would you do with
that you don't have the camera uh that's right bring in the gaming news to you we think here
at orange son's radio no they have they're actually selling the system because they think
invisibles is a system seller uh oh that's a that's a brace yourselves it's hilarious
uh sangoku barsara samurai heroes the game which was originally over here as um of course
now i can't remember oh devil kings uh that's on playstation 3 and on the wii of course
because it uses waggle and now ps3 has waggle so that's also fun um i love puppies on nintendo
yes i'm not gonna say really much more about that uncharted 2 among thieves the game of
the year edition with all the download content in there good god that's like doing a lot
of third one they're doing a lot of re-releases um oh it's just dance 2 this week just dance
2 is this week yes reason to hook up my wii i i played it it was pretty fun and no i don't
know where the youtube videos are damn they're out there somewhere uh um i said i'd like
before i die i have to see loki getting down to tik tok that's stalling oh no it was worse
than that we we did it's rainy men oh my god it was where is it's somewhere on youtube
right already i don't know if it is on youtube like we like tiger claw needs to find it but
because he finds everything on the internet i can find it if it's actually out there but
okay i'll do that later um hey miklotov sent me a private message that he is buying the
invisimals bundle because it's blue well that's his own weird fascination with stuff colored
blue i mean i don't know uh the guild 2 renaissance that's on uh pc not the felicia day show not
the felicia day show uh painkiller pandemonium on pc meh um odd i didn't realize rock band
3 was coming up this week what no it's not shut up yeah it's not but for some reason
the wireless keyboard's available this week awesome i could pretend i'm playing rock band
that's great no i know it would be great also solitaire overload plus these release dates
coming to an end that would be great too no they're not god hello kitty ds bundle they're
releasing hello kitty with a uh because clearly you've saved the triple a titles for last
bronzwick cosmic bowling with a bowling ball that sounds dangerous uh they just did that
to make it lolsy to fit that on the shelves of game stuff now this is game stops website
i'm reading off of right here but the we inflatable racing kart that's right the one that you
can play mario kart in is coming to stores this week that is exciting wait wait there's
an actual inflatable cart inflatable cart he's he's sticking the steering wheel in there
and you i think i just threw up in my mouth a little bit jamie i want to buy this and
bring it over okay you can spend your money on it and you can drive it how much is it
how much is the info it's 40 bucks that's quite a bit of money i don't know um i was
actually going to say because i don't think it made our show roll but they actually have
um there was another peripheral that's coming out that's also inflatable it is an inflatable
raft to play with connect adventures yeah it was on our twitter that's right oh whatever
and we got it yeah it's an inflatable raft it's just an inflatable raft that's all it
is good times because you know people can't pretend they have to have the actual inflatable
raft for the truly immersive experience apparently um okay this is a pretty big one this week
uh kirby's epic yarn is coming out on the wii and that'll be a week from today and that
is it all right uh let's go to japanese release dates i'll try to make this quick and painless
uh on in japan on the xbox 360 medal of honor gets its release this week nba 2k11 also coming
out in japan this week sbkx superbike world championship comes out as well and some new
xbox 360 wireless headsets and network adapters come out in some different colors i don't
know if that's because of the soon to come upgrades with the voice chat i don't know
but those are coming out anyhow moving on over to the playstation 3 medal of honor nba
2k11 and uh world soccer winning 11 2011 all come out this week so look forward to that
world soccer winning 11 is a few days behind the others i think it's on a special day so
just a heads up on that it's not on the usual release day uh going over to the nintendo
wii and the game's coming out there uh kaito no kirby comes out on the nintendo wii which
is just the same kirby game that loki was earlier talking about kirby's epic yarn version
uh nothing on the playstation 2 because obviously things are drying up over there uh but looking
at the handhelds real quick on the sony psp dj max portable 3 comes out and i know we
have some folks that are really into the music games that are really looking forward to this
probably already have their pre-orders set to go that is coming out uh in korea this
week the first print in the limited edition i'm sure there's folks already having their
imports on the way uh otherwise as far as japanese releases go lord of arcana comes
out this week that is a squenix game that is coming out in japan so take a look at that
if you're into the squenix games otherwise nba 2k11 also coming out on the psp and memories
off six next relation is coming out as well i have no idea what that is but it's called
memories off six next relation it just shows kind of a chick dancing on the cover so i'm
just more relations i'm assuming it's just yet another little dating game because but
there's a part where she's singing karaoke and there's another part look at this this
girl here she's kind of a whore like she's lying on the bed and her blouse is like half
open look at that i can see her boobies you don't see nipple but you definitely see her
boobies she's just tired and it must be tired of wearing clothes that's what she's tired
of oh quickly on the ds i skipped over the ds completely let me see if i can look up
ds releases real quick here um don't think there's a whole lot coming out this week actually
i ginga tetsu duo uh 999 ds it's a in a huge box it's um an exotic sci-fi game coming out
i oh this is oh because it's in limited and premium box edition let me see let's see if
there's screenshots here on the regular version that um galaxy express or something it could
be because i noticed that yeah it is okay so galaxy express three nine oh there it is
look at that you out of me nerds love it you see the what they're doing live action um
oh what the fuck was it is a spaceship you know yamato yamato yamato yeah they're doing
live action one of that looks awesome it was starblazers in the us yeah wake me when they
have a panty and stalking game okay that's all i'm saying that's something alan turned
me on to this week panty and stalking look it up on youtube it's epic music rob need
more cosplay do we need the music i'll get the music hold on i'll get the music can you
explain what panty and stalking is real quick while i get the music it's an anime by gynax
and the same guys that did powerpuff girls z which was the sort of more teenage version
of powerpuff girls they did in japan okay she needs to get to the good stuff okay chick
kicks off her panties and turns them into a gun okay it's about two angels kicked out
of heaven one for having too much sex it sounds very luminous like this could totally be in
luminous but the whole series isn't animated like this though yeah most of it looks like
the powerpuff girls but yeah it's just she's up on the stripper pole and then it's very
seductive like you think the camera is going to go up her vag the way things are looking
there but then she kicks off her panties and they turn into a gun and the other one pulls
off her stocking and it turns into a katana and they destroy the shit monster i'm not
making this up so they need to make a game out of this i've decided that's the regular
was there anything else to say about this she shoots the shit monster in the face i'm
just digging the soundtrack though because that totally reminds me of you like something
like imagine if they did like a newer space channel five don't make cute games of course
because that'd be awesome um you know with that type of music you know more of like the
you know luminous type stuff i dug the kind of the swing music for space channel five
i dig it too but like you know i want something a little cross between like uh res children
of eden with you know like space less of the psychedelic stuff but you know still that
kind of high energy type of game because i i don't know if a lot of people get into the
swing stuff although i you know i i totally dig the old soundtrack but i could see something
like that you know just really off the wall sadly i don't think it'll have that same theme
just you know oh yeah it's a little inappropriate for inappropriate as rude americans that don't
understand the finer things in life it really isn't that far away from bayonetta i'm just
saying it's not like that no that's a game i need to go back and finish honestly when
alan first explained that to me i was like is this a sequel to bayonetta like what is
this bayonetta is so awesome all right uh dark soccer uk releases sorry uk releases
take us all right the release dates take us like an hour on this show uh can i speak now
please yes you can um for the uk on the 12th we have arcadia gothic four and everquest
house of fool fool okay um also lego universe um pinball fx2 on the 13th is son of the hedgehog
4 episode 1 and the 15th is alan wake the rider and medal of honor are also naruto shippuden
um ultimate ninja storm 2 that's it and that's what i have to say about naruto games of which
there are always plenty all right it wins a poopy all right uh loki what do you got
for us and giving ultimate ninja 2 is actually really awesome um i don't know if you've seen
it looks like a interactive anime i've played a bunch of the earlier naruto games yeah they
were they're fun games there's just too many of them but this is nothing like the early
naruto games this is like the one that came out on ps3 last year um that was just it looks
gorgeous i mean i'm not even in the naruto at all but i mean i almost thought about picking
up the game just because it looks so amazing um but yeah this new one's gonna be really
awesome especially if you're not a fan uh okay so other stuff that's not naruto related
of course um this is kind of odd to be hearing a first party company say but apparently nintendo
is saying hey you know what you can't blame piracy for uh poor game sales or at least
they're saying you can't blame piracy completely for poor game sales um they say i don't think
um we should attribute bad software sales solely to piracy um they're talking a little
bit about you know this was i guess during a q and a session i guess last week during
when they were talking about the 3ds pricing and stuff like that it's true there is always
an influence of piracy but it's important for us to increase the number of our consumers
who are willing to shell out their money to purchase our products so we do not intend
to think that slower sales are solely due to piracy and i kind of agree with them because
a lot of people out there you know people that pirate games aren't necessarily people
that buy games so if you lose a sale to someone pirating a game doesn't mean you're actually
going to lose a sale you know a physical copy sale because they were never going to purchase
a copy of the game in the first place dark toa gak in our chat room is saying nintendo
saying that bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit um but it was the wata that
said that so what it was a magazine interview i'm sorry it wasn't a magazine interview it
was during i guess a live interview during their nintendo conference thing when they're
uh talking about like the 3ds pricing and stuff like that oh right okay so um well i
mean you're you're kind of right in that regard that i think the people who pirate games aren't
usually the ones who are going to run to the store and buy them anyway the thing i do like
i i do kind of see as a problem not that it excuses them no it doesn't excuse them but
i think you know for example like on the wii and stuff a lot of the games that are more
niche or adult and stuff don't seem to do as well as say some of the games that most
people would be like why is that selling so much it's just a shitty ass party game but
people buy that stuff just like just dance a game that when it first came out like this
is stupid and then it's just at the top of the charts and you play it and you're like
wow this is actually kind of fun i had people come up to me at work who knew i had a video
game addiction and asked me if i've ever played it because they had and they had so much fun
with it and i'm thinking like really it's weird it the thing about just dance though
and it's kind of funny is you know that michael jackson the experience it's pretty much the
same game but that has also karaoke in there as well if you want to otherwise it's just
dance michael jackson that's basically what that is but it's probably part of the agreement
with the michael jackson camp or whatever you call it that they can't put michael jackson's
name below the title of the game like like probably like when beatles rock band came
out there's no way they were gonna call that game rock band beatles it was always the beatles
rock band yeah you know what i mean uh the same thing well it's not just dancing either
so yeah that would make sense just singing and dancing oh fair enough oh plus actually
just dance doesn't exist on the connect and the move yet but these michael jackson games
coming out on all of them right yes it is coming out all of them i mean it's basically
going to be like what dance central is except dance central and what i like about dance
central a little bit more than say um just dance is dance central first off can read
your whole body it's not just reading the sensor so you know for example if you're if
you want to play just dance and kind of cheat at it you just do what they're doing with
the one you know with your one hand holding your remote your right hand you just do what
they're doing on the screen you don't have to really do the rest of it um but this actually
reads everything you're doing and also like you know just like you would do with actual
street dancing or something it actually breaks down everything so you can go okay this is
this step this is how you do this step you learn that and then you just chain them together
to create a routine that's how you would learn to do actual dance routines um so i think
that's kind of neat there but uh yeah i mean it it's games like that that kind of appeal
to the mass audience that seem to do well and then on the we are and on the wheel on
the ds poor sales i mean a lot of that can be attributed to the games themselves because
there's a lot of junk on the ds a lot of junk and um unfortunately a lot of good games out
there just kind of get ignored because of all the junk that's out there because you
know people you know mass consumers don't really know a lot about games um a lot of
times in fact i was in a game stop today killing time for my double bacon pizza to be done
and um other than the employees bugging me about wanting to buy something i'm like no
hey man did you want to pre-order your copy oh hey that's a cool t-shirt i love that game
i'm like yeah that's cool hey you look like a man on the mission um is there anything
i can help you find no i'm just looking around killing time for my pizza oh that's a good
idea yeah i thought so too yeah that's why i'm here because i thought sitting around
the pizza place sucks no but um there was a kid walking around he's like is far cry
predator a good game and it's just like well that came out a while ago and besides you're
like 10 you shouldn't be playing a mature rated game because your parents don't care
you know but when we were young oh god here we go when we were young and playing those
8-bit you know nintendo games there was a lot of crap that we liked that i bet a lot
of people kind of looked at went boy this this is not a good thing that a lot of the
focus though was about games being fun see now and and now i i get it that there there's
a lot of that stuff out there now that it's it i mean back in our day there was also educational
games and stuff like that too but we were smart enough to know okay that's an educational
game i'm not touching that shit you know unless it was oregon trail or number munchers hey
well that stuff was force fed onto us you know at an early age and you know we just
adapted to it but i'm saying like you know with there's a lot of educational product
out there on the ds there's a lot of crappy licensed games well there's a lot of crappy
licensed game even on the nyes although cool spot was awesome and yo annoyed wasn't that
bad so they could pull it off back then it's just now unfortunately it's all about the
license and not about the gameplay as you know they have the jelly belly puzzle game
and the still waiting for my kill bill video game that's all i'm saying never gonna happen
well maybe when they do the third movie which that's never gonna happen you never know you
never know all right right you know what and i'll come out right after the clerk's animated
movie all right moving on to a game that is coming out like it or not in loki's case i
like it though sonic the hedgehog 4 is coming out it is already out on the iphone but it
will be coming out on the playstation 3 the xbox 360 and the we now sega is putting out
some incentives that you should buy this game on more than one platform that's right if
you are able to prove that you've bought sonic 4 on multiple platforms there will be rewards
in your future in fact if you buy two or more versions your name will be featured on a sticky
thread on the sega and sonic 4 forums that list is also going to go to sega's blog and
the sonic 4 website if you get three versions you'll get a special call out on the sega
blogs and the sonic 4 websites news feed and special placement in one very cool spot to
be revealed whoo and if you get all four versions so meaning what $15 on the ps3 $15 on the
360 15 on the we and what another 10 on the iphone right so if you buy all four versions
you will be featured in a special video shout out from erin webber who's the sega community
manager and the brand manager for sonic 4 ken ballo that video will be posted on sega's
youtube page and all across sega realms here on the internets and that's the exact quote
here on the internets there you go you could be internet famous if you drop $55 on sonic
4 what do you say dark sakura let's buy them all okay i love the enthusiasm what do you
think you're gonna buy them all to get mentioned i'm buying none of them screw you sega i don't
need you to say my name you know in order to feel special frisbee in our chat says the
call out thanks for nothing fool salacious pop says wow no one cur and act f says my
name featured on a sticky thread seriously see that's the thing it's fee it's you know
in a sticky thread but who the fuck's gonna read the sticky thread oh hey look bob's names
on there way to go bob purchasing two copies of the game you're an idiot i wonder though
if the uh you know they say the special placement in one very cool spot for buying three versions
i wonder if that's like in the credits of sonic part two sonic four part two that's
probably what it is that's still dumb don't you want your name in a video game it should
reward you with episode two instead of just you know oh so like incentives so by who the
main character of episode two is gonna be oh are you gonna spoil it for all our listeners
um i don't even know what the character's name is because once again i i don't follow
sonic way it's a stupid sonic robot thing not metal sonic but it's the one with he has
a spiky nose that's my that's my wonderful description of the sonic character frisbee
in our chat room says if you want your name in a thread just post in that thread that's
a good idea i'm gonna start no i'm not gonna do that because that would require effort
i was gonna say someone should start a thread on that same form of people who put their
names in who haven't bought any copies of it uh defective candy in our chat room says
maybe you guys could say hey give me five bucks and we'll stick your name to the top
of the olr forums i i'd love to but i i don't know that just seems really wrong to me it's
just really wrong uh act deft in our chat says loki sky and jamie need to buy one each
and get olr mentioned though no i'm not buying a copy of that you can buy three and get olr
mentioned exactly i would like to submit a fake fake name like you know bonnie von fluffles
or something like that you know like submit fake names that would be funny to get this
community manager to say sassy pants fuzzy bottom exactly i love that idea and big shout
out to sassy pants fuzzy bottom good times let's take a look in gaming's history and
the way things used to be in a better time it's a classic game of the week it's the part
of our show where dark sakura goes into the vault and says hey i'm gonna find a game that
these kids should be playing dark sakura what is the classic game of the week for these
little brats who don't know better the classic game is final fantasy 5 yay yay i picked boss
music because i couldn't find anything else um yeah it's a game by square came out in
1992 um it was only out in japan for the longest time on the super famicom and um it's super
fun it's the uh stars a guy named farts who actually the longest time it was but which
i used to laugh um a meteor falls and he goes to check it out and then oh noes we need the
crystals we have to uh seal x death which is the coolest name for a bad guy in a series
ever x death would you be afraid i might be afraid of x death anyway the cool thing about
this game is the job system um you your experience point and you battle monsters and stuff like
any final fantasy game you can get a chocobo and you get a ship and an airship and you
do different stuff this is the second one that uses the act of time battle where time
will flow continuously for both players and enemies which was first and final fantasy
4 which was 2 when it came out over here um the job system though is a really cool thing
because um you can gain different special abilities and sort of mix up your jobs um
you get ability points so you increase the job levels for different characters and you
can also say uh so you have a knight who also has white magic levels well then you become
a paladin for an example um you this is also the game that introduced the blue mage the
time age and the mind so that's why we have them in other final fantasy games um it was
a really cool game it had lots of cool characters you have uh lenna barks faris kriel they're
really cool um also a reoccurring boss which is what this music is is gilgamesh always
gilgamesh lots of gilgamesh battles um so yeah it's a pretty cool game um if you haven't
played it yet for the longest time you can only play it you know if you either had the
cartridge or had a really good emulator free japanese or it was translated um so it's really
cool um it was also one of and your microphone failed at this game what you can hear me now
i can okay well as i was saying it's one of the ones that was uh directed by sakaguchi
sorry and this is his favorite final fantasy game um all the character designs logo everything
was done by um Amano Yoshitaka Amano who is my hero and um the battle graphics are done
by Nomura that's pretty cool and um there had great music it's it's final fantasy it
was done by Uematsu there's a two disc album that came out with all the tracks on it which
i've got somewhere and then it also had a bunch of uh remixes there was a piano collection
final fantasy 5 and the remixes including final fantasy 5 mambo de chocobo we have since
seen it elsewhere um it's come out um on the playstation in japan um there was a final
fantasy collection that came out over here that had final fantasy 4 and final fantasy
6 on it it had a full motion video opening very cool and then we had the final fan the
final fantasy anthology um also on the playstation and uh they uh that's why they uh cheat where
they change the name to uh art and gill instead of guido um there was a playstation 2 release
there was a gameboy advance release that had uh an extra level and a new boss and they
were uh designed by Amano and then there was final fantasy 5 advance and uh it was really
cool there was however an automated it was called final fantasy legend of the crystals
that was an oav that was done by studio madhouse and uh it was the sequel to final fantasy
5 so there you go all right your classic game of the week boys and girls final fantasy 5
the one that was just too cool for america for so many years but finally square came
to their damn senses so there it is they were tired of you people just downloading roms
here shoot salacious popping our chairman says can i ask why we haven't heard of final
fantasy 5 or 6 for ds yet 3 and 4 remakes were white glove and awesome i would like
to see a 5 remake on the ds they're working they were working on one really there's a
talk of it but not just at last interview maybe they will be on the 3ds maybe that's
why it's been held up a little while that's right very special all right we're gonna take
a break here at orange lounge radio but never fear we'll be back in just a little bit with
plenty more of orange launch radio or rapid fire news twitter topics so make sure you
get those in at twitter.com slash olr if you have something you want us to talk about we'll
talk a little bit about what classic arcade game that has me very happy coming back to
xbox live arcade and playstation network and i'm sure all of you will too mega man legends
3 news the audience is in control yeah it's gonna be interesting we'll talk about all
that when we come back with more of orange lounge radio
and welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we we are taping live on this sunday
evening october the 10th of 2010 happy 10 10 10 to all of you folks out there listening
we are taping the 385th episode of our show believe it or not and you guys don't hear
this on the podcast because sadly we can't put our break music on the podcast because
it's copyright but i had a few tells asking me about one of the songs we played in the
break there um there was a baba yetu from siv 4 because i know a lot of people are crazy
about siv 5 right now and i don't have that soundtrack but i have a siv 4 which by the
way if you went to video games live that's one of the songs they did at video games live
and it's it's such an epic great song i can play clips we can't get away with playing
clips let me play a quick clip quick clip
so you just hear the epic epicness in it it's like the music on the title screen which is
so yeah i love the civilization series what can i say i have yet to check out five though
it's all part of that whole like i spent all my money on disneyland this month so i haven't
purchased a lot of games but that's that's one of the ones i've got to look into getting
for sure so we'll see um by the way things going on this week guess guess what um is
happening this wednesday do you know what this wednesday is wednesday is a very important
day for me it is october 13th anyone anyone it is my you all right i was gonna answer
yeah because you know i told you before the show all right it's my 10-year anniversary
of playing ddr that's right 10 years ago on october the 13th was the first day i ever
played ddr which you know might not seem like a big deal to all of you because like you
know oh hey dancing arrow stomping game funny but um you know if it weren't for ddr this
show wouldn't exist i probably would not know jamie or matt if it weren't for ddr we probably
would have ran into each other in some nerd circle one way or another but it just would
not have happened the same way so um next week on the program to celebrate the 10-year
anniversary of me playing ddr we've actually invited a guest who was there that night because
it was her first time ever playing ddr she's going to be here next week on the show jessica
harper from understation live is going to be here in the house some of you guys know
her as iguana girl uh one of the admins of ddr freak for i believe a couple years so
she has a lot of dinner history so it'll be good times we're gonna uh have her on the
show and kind of look back on ddr and video games at large because i know she plays some
other video games too so we're gonna have a good time next week yeah so and and see
travis says i don't love understation live enough sometimes but you know what we're gonna
have one of the hosts right here on the show so it'll be a good time but this is heart
heart heart heart exactly heart heart heart love good times and he's welcome to come out
here anytime that's right if travis wants to fly his ass out to sacramento he's welcome
to come on the show anytime all right uh lumi's in our chat room says did you guys did you
lose a lot of weight during those 10 years playing ddr um no not now i wish i was playing
as much ddr as i was back then yeah that would help at the time heck yeah i was at my skinniest
when i first started playing ddr i mean that was around the time i think that was the same
time i was like dating a vegan who loved to cook and so like the worst food you ever eat
dating dating a vegan who loves to cook like you i will eat anything a vegan puts in front
of me because you know the worst thing that's in it is a vegetable or soy like it's terrible
it's not going to be like surprise cow brains or surprise it's the uterus of a duck you
know or something like that you know what i mean hey dan's had a cow brain i never heard
you complaining when i stuffed cow brains in the uterus of a duck right okay but i'll
tell you what i was like super thin back then when i was playing ddr and dating a vegan
like man that was that was crazy now i just now i eat at waffle square and and play world
of warcraft so i've gained a significant amount and now i eat double bacon pizzas exactly
which is funny because now i'm mostly vegetarian i know you're the one that's actually lost
the weight since those days some so you guys need to stop being vegetarian because i have
to eat more meat to compensate okay well yeah i'm not vegetarian i'm just i'm whatever i
eat meat like once a month all right anyhow i mean you know like cow flesh all right we'll
talk more about all that and and that stuff in a future episode uh next week here any
raw pictures up there i guess oh yeah jessica dug up like hecka old pictures on facebook
and and found i gotta see which one she put up there oh god oh next week's gonna be a
fun show it's it's one of me playing magenta at the rocky horror picture show yes thanks
jessica thanks so much for that all right you were so gorgeous uh let's move on let's
go back to gaming news and all that fun stuff here actually i want to talk more about robin
address no let's not i don't want to give people the wrong impression it's rocky horror
it's different all right uh loki start us off with some rapid fire news please well
during release um our releases this week i mentioned that the gears or not gears of worth
that'd be funny um borderlands game of the year edition is going to be coming out and
um well what's kind of neat about it is they just announced that the game of the year edition
of borderlands and this pisses me off because i bought most of the download content on its
own um will be coming with not only all the download content for borderlands but early
access to duke nukem forever in other words the demo so even more incentive to spend 60
dollars on the game most of you already have exactly yeah god i want that demo but you
know what though me being me um that demo will leak out and i'll be able to download
it so i don't care aren't you special i am special i'm thinking about but i don't know
how much i'd like borderlands but i hear it's like a first person world of warcraft with
guns borderlands is fun it's it's like yeah it's it's a first person shooter but it's
kind of a little bit of an rpg and there's a lot of like you know i'm looting i guess
so if you like loot it's a little bit like diablo i guess i like the phase walker girl
she's pretty cool yes she is pretty awesome i played the uh the hunter with a mordecai
yeah yeah with his raven of death uh that was awesome the the berserker guy is pretty
cool too act definite our chairman says damn it i got borderlands on steam for ten dollars
u.s that's why they put it on sale right before all this these announcements and jessica's
linking more old pictures of me she uh uh linked this one of me dressed up as brad for
the rocky or picture show and uh ezam in our chat room i hope i said that right he's on
ezam ezam and her chairman says for a second i thought it was what the buck hey hey watch
oh god did she just link that one yes poke of pokemon knight iraqi horror no i think
it was our final scene or whatever parade that was the game that was my 21st birthday
that was the pride parade in san francisco that was my 21st birthday or the i think the
day after my doing elbow right around there crazy stuff that was great um all right other
stuff uh dj hero 2 of course is coming out soon in a couple weeks hopefully i'll have
my next week i want it early um anyways they're going to be doing more bundles with the game
as well if you happen to skip the first game you're in luck especially if you're in europe
because the dj hero 2 bundles that will be coming out over there will be including a
free copy of the original game as well which by the way they are selling the original game
uh by itself in case you you know want to build your own bundle over here um in the
u.s. uh for another 50 bucks which is kind of a rip off if you ask me i believe though
if you pre-order through toys r us which no one's really doing that anymore because toys
r us is almost out of business um that's my only opinion really what makes you say that
no because i don't shop there anymore well because therefore the chain is out of business
because you don't shop there anymore the amount of crap i buy yeah i thought it was supposed
to be a cheap place to get diapers there is no cheap place to get diapers um but i think
if you pre-ordered there you also get a free copy of the game so it might be something
to keep in mind and then last but not least um with the release of the new mario anniversary
edition which by the way is just mario all stars but on the we now waiting not with extra
mario games no no not with anything not port of the super nintendo straight ass port of
the nintendo and it's not even the one that comes with mario something that they could
have i don't know put on virtual console for like ten dollars well maybe that's what they'll
do here in the u.s. because we haven't heard anything about this coming to the u.s. right
oh it'll come to the u.s. i guarantee it they can charge fifty dollars for something that
was really worth ten yeah they'll bring it out over here um but seriously nintendo we've
gotten into this conversation about how nintendo doesn't really they they do make new stuff
now but a lot of the stuff that they put out like hey look new mario game it's not really
new it's just ports of old games anyways that's not why we're talking about this we're talking
about this because they have a garish red looking console that's going to be coming
out over there instead to commemorate you know the mario 25th anniversary edition i
guess you know it doesn't have any cool mario graphics or anything it's just red and that'll
be coming out over there for uh 20 000 yen dark tetsuya in our chat room says great now
you're making me feel awful because i want this so bad you are an awful person if you
want this so bad stop it didn't even change the color of the light in the front you change
that to like red or something you know it's a collector's thing i don't know it's stupid
i think it should have a mario graphic on it yeah they should put some of these silkscream
some fucking shit on there we want stickers pimp my wee all right so loki will not be
pre-ordering one of these no why would i want yeah let me import a console from japan even
though i have a we already that i don't play anything on and then you know oh it's in a
wonderful red color that i really don't like that's awesome totally gonna put down four
i want tons of them all right some quick stories from me for you guys gears of war 3 uh is
gonna of course have multiplayer just like the other ones did there's gonna be a beta
of the multiplayer uh and epic games actually revealed this at an event this week um at
their headquarters uh this is the first time though that a gears war game is getting a
public beta so that's kind of cool uh gears war 3 is going to be coming out in the fall
of 2011 so the beta will be out sometime in the spring maybe they haven't said exactly
when next year they've just said next year there will be a beta so you guys can completely
base your judgments of the game off of beta because it's what a lot of people do a little
big planet too also delayed until next year maybe not as late next year i think i'm hearing
it's just going to be january probably they are not going to um actually release it this
year in time for the holidays and the reason why they don't want launch day passes patches
patches as i say passes patches uh quote we could have shipped it and it would have been
fine and this is a quote from the head of media molecule alex avens however we realize
that with just a couple extra weeks we can make the game super amazing adding the super
onto the already amazing which is this today this is something that will live forever and
the delay people will forget about i kind of like that he says that because that's a
that's a point we've brought up on the show before people don't forget oftentimes that
these games were delayed if they were that good like for example uh mario brothers melee
super or super mario brothers super smash brothers melee or whatever the one on the
we i was delayed like five times and people kind of just forgot by the time the game actually
came out you know what though i'm saying this is a good thing this is a good deal if it
keeps the game in good quality just like some of these other delays we've been hearing about
it's very interesting though that always at the end of the year delay delay delay it's
great that they're putting it out and so that we don't have any day one patches because
you know those people that don't have their playstations connected to the playstation
network anymore because of usb devices that they're using with their playstation 3 and
one more for me uh this is about a new shen moo game that's right there is that's right
there is a new shen moo game coming out it's coming out in japan this year shen moo town
is coming out on yahoo japan it's a mobile based social network mobage town that's right
the new shen moo game is a mobile game it's the third shen moo game there you go but they're
not calling it shen moo 3 but it's very i i don't know i still say this is a good sign
though if they're wanting to keep this fresh in people's minds this might be a good sign
so don't get too frumpy dark sakura no frumping over there but sorry it's not the game you
were hoping i was going to mention here on the show sad tuba all right dark sakura what
you got for us stuff and things how about um mega man stuff there's going to be a comic
out it's being put out by archie comics and um they are saying it's going to be faithful
to continuity so hopefully then again they also did that sonic the hedgehog ones that
i didn't think was very good nor the knight's one wasn't good at all um but it is written
by um ian flinn who's currently writing sonic the hedgehog um yeah i don't really have high
hopes for it the art looks interesting i mean protoman looks really freaking cool but i
don't know it might be okay we'll see when it comes out and in other news um typing of
the dead this is going to be a new version yay um it's typing of the dead featuring mina
no shuko i would be help if i could pronounce this properly featuring mina no shoku katsu
doniki um which is pretty much the dreamcast version with new words um except these look
like they're it says that everyone's job hunting diary so it's uh a job hunting site in japan
that they've teamed up with interesting so it's like um if they were to make a game on
monsters these are mini games in job hunting modes so you can type in words like disability
income and stagnant air interesting huh it's like these people never get a job they're
just playing games all the time and last but not least is more marvel vs capcom 3 stuff
we have new characters we have sir arthur and nathan spencer um arthur being from uh
ghosts and goblins which we talked about in part a and nathan spencer is uh from the uh
3d one i'm trying to see what this is hold on yeah that sucks i'm happy about arthur
being in it that's pretty cool so uh and we're also supposed to hear more characters later
on so that's pretty neat i i've already heard about people i care about that's it all right
looking at uh twitter we're gonna go to twitter actually real quick i wanted to mention this
uh because uh jessica's in our chat room tonight she's gonna be here on the show next week
she's plugging uh one of the other hosts on on understation life breastlil is uh i believe
this is part of extra life uh who's participating um playing some video games over the next
uh 24 hours i'm sorry not the next 24 hours but on the 16th and 17th gonna be doing some
video games and the donations will be going to seattle children's hospital um i can't
really read the link for you guys but it's in chat and i'm sure it's over on understation
lives website or on their facebook so go take a look at that um speaking of extra life i
know what's going on next weekend um i sadly can't participate this year i have some other
commitments um but i would definitely encourage you to uh look at some of the folks that will
be participating in that it's for a good cause and donate to somebody even if uh it's not
breastlil donate to somebody it's a good cause and uh gives gamers a good name it's it's
a good uh fuzzy wuzzy thing to talk about i was gonna say also there was a couple other
characters that they added tomorrow versus capcom oh what's that on top of um please
share yes please you mentioned uh magneto cool there's one that they added and then
uh the last one was um because i don't not recognizing the character uh modok says hisson
oh modok is you ever see the big giant head thing that's just a little harness yeah that's
modok okay but what's what's modok from from um various marvel comics really annoying character
it's like i'm gonna look i forgot what modok stands for hold on are we gonna can i go to
a twitter topics tweets time tweeters oh found it mental organism designed only for killing
twitter.com slash olr if you want that's you in a nutshell says loki all right going to our twitter
and looking at some of the topics um not a whole lot tonight but we will get through some of these
here um yeah see this first one here from pop on jar or as i like to read his name popo and jar
it's the popo pop on jar estimates us surely you've seen this the most useless game accessory
ever and it's it's the game boat i remembered seeing that on the twitter and i just love the
picture because it's like the dude he's on a boat but yeah looks looks completely useless about his
use useless is that inflatable cart that i still kind of want the one that's coming out this week
yes uh mnzba sends us a tweet nintendogs blamed for an actual dog attack how in the hell does
this work yes uh let's see uh according to the daily mail this is in the uk megan walker was
peacefully playing a copy of nintendogs at a friend's house when one of the in-game dogs
barked at her but the bark was an earshot of the friend's bull mastiff a breed of dog that weighs
about 130 pounds the sound spooked the dog so much that it bit walker's face severing a portion
of her upper lip how sad the girl's grandma told the daily mail i think this game should carry some
kind of warning people should be told not to play it when there are dogs in the room i blame the
game for what happened to make it will eat your face if they hadn't been playing it i don't think
the dog would have gone for it you know lady maybe you shouldn't keep 130 pound dog near a
nine-year-old call it a hunch just a thought or one that's prone to eating your dog better just
thinking if you have a face eating dog you might want to keep it away from your nine-year-old
right i think a bull mastiff is the largest breed of dog good god they're huge crazy lady
i was bit by a dog when i was five it's not fun you're afraid of dogs i am actually like i i'm
getting better i used to be afraid of like all dogs but now it's just big dogs like if i was
around 130 pound dog i'd be running the other way i'm not even gonna lie but now like i'm at the
point where like alan has talked me into getting a corgi some corgis are adorable and they're little
and they're cute and they waggle and that's adorable they're super cute but i'm mostly a
kitty person uh blue swim is tweeting us namco bandai will be releasing the first sailor moon
game on the nintendo ds by year's end in italy no other details yet it will be the first new
sailor moon game since the series was relaunched internationally early this year so you can get
your sailor moon on um let's see spazinator is saying i'm doing all i can to promote olr on
facebook xbox live and playstation network hopefully it'll get you more listeners you sir
get a gold star thank you that's all we ask is to help get the word out about olr but of course i
need to say this not that i'm saying spazinator is doing this but just remember guys don't spam
you don't have to spam people because that just makes us look bad just saying tassel hoff
sends us a tweet hey olr i like it when people spell hey h a y hey hey olr what was a scene
in a video game that made you shed a tear or cry because of the scene oh we were talking about this
on warcraft the other night on vent games that made you cry that they were so sad um i probably
cried like twice during lost odyssey and i didn't even beat the game uh but just the end of the
first disc especially was very very sad um and i remember um i remember getting a little verklempt
at final fantasy 4 at the ending of that too most final fantasy games actually get me a little bit
verklempt loki was there ever a game that made you cry no he's saying no well he's sucked into
some iphone game he doesn't want to talk to you guys right now he's playing iphone games
uh dark sakura game that made you a little a little bit verklempt i've cried out of frustration
okay what game made you cry out of frustration oh a couple at least a few puzzle games and playing a
x-men versus street fighter with dan because i'd get so pissed off at him that i'd cry
i can admit it nice all right uh moving on to some other tweets uh oh we've been getting this
from a couple people actually akki ripper says it's a tweet but jeweled is free at the moment
at popcap.com that's right that's only for about another what two hours so sadly which i i got it
too late for the podcast ease but if you're listening to this now you can get bejeweled 2
free i gotta be honest though i mean how many of you don't already own bejeweled 2 in one way or
another i didn't really you can play it online for free you always could i wasn't interested
but i like the iphone one no i had it on my old ass phone back in the day i have it on the iphone
phone phone and the xbox 360 so i appreciate that they're giving away a free game but it's it's a
10 year old game you guys no but hey free games are free games i just feel like i'm being a digital
hoarder if i download that all right spazinator psn says fyi in homes theater there's an episode
of inuyasha streaming for free oh that's kind of neat that they're using the theater to stream
free like quote unquote real things and not just the in-house sony stuff like the tester
or whatever that's kind of cool i think they should do more of that in sony home
act def says uh kirby's epic yarn was supposed to be a new ip for nintendo so originally i guess
this wasn't even going to be a kirby game that's kind of neat he's actually linking us to a story
here i guess awata made some comments on this um originally let's see and it was revealed that
kirby was not going to be in the game and the original character going by the name of fluff
could have been the main character with the game carrying the title world of yarn instead which is
funny given the other article that said that it was inspired by a kirby commercial that they did
in japan in the mid 90s interesting uh let's see tiger claw sends us a couple tweets and i don't
remember either of these being on our show world so i'll go ahead and mention about these stories
real quick again from tiger claw on twitter uh nintendo patent shows the we fidelity sensor game
example so i guess the uh patent leaked out and it kind of shows how this uh thing works let's see
the vitality sensor measures a player's relax fluid sounds kind of gross it's just one of the
examples of the game it's calculated by measuring the cardiac cycle over a hundred pulses similar
to brain age this number can be compared to relax fluid of same age persons it mentions a stretch
game where players tilt the remote up and down to move a character while you're moving flying
character players have to adjust their breathing to match the ceilings dips and drops interesting
the character automatically moves that the screen scrolls to the right when you inhale you fire
smiling blobs hat up towards the ceiling it drops when you exhale this game uses the vitality sensor
to identify inhales and exhales interesting but again i i don't see how this is gonna like they'll
make a wario aware game out of this and that's it you know what i mean there's always a warrior
aware game for the peripheral then it'll be done also and i remember reading about this too and
this is always sad to hear about layoffs but microsoft's in-game ad unit apparently is shutting
down this month and this is a report in an ad industry trade publication ad week citing sources
close to the company and insiders of microsoft stating that massive general manager j.j richards
is now seeking new employment and other unit members have been reassigned throughout the
company so i guess only one person got laid off so i guess that's good that they were able to be
redistributed um microsoft apparently had been shopping around a massive buyout in the past few
months uh what this all boils down to though i guess it's conflicts with the xbox live team
because the xbox live team sells the ads directly on the xbox dashboard and doesn't really want the
competition with the in-game ads so there it goes bye there you go that's our twits tweets twats
for tonight twitter.com thank you guys for your tweets we'll see you next week on the twitter in
the meantime i'm gonna have to go back and uh wake up loki from his iphone awake hi and climber
it's awesome is that like crazy climber no it's like uh if you cross bionic commando with a ninja
and it's all like climbing really fast it's cool and it's free free is awesome free is awesome so
this is kind of neat apparently uh at&t uh u-verse is going to be offering um ip tv i guess or
streaming tv coming to your xbox 360 and this is coming in november apparently um customers are now
able to use their existing xbox 360 with a hard drive as a u-verse receiver so you will be able to
um i guess stream tv to it it says must have at least one standard receiver or dvr in order for
the xbox as a set top box to work and it says uh new fields will be displayed on the tv receiver
section and blah blah uh xbox connect our connection kit will include a installation
cd remote and dongle and dongle ah yes and so um i guess it's going to be coming very soon and i
guess with the new uh dashboard they'll be coming up probably very soon as well so um that's kind
of neat wish i had att u-verse because uh comcast sucks but um don't have that option right now
well i guess that's cool i don't know though it seems like with all these like apple TVs and
netflix and all this other stuff this seems to be a couple years late now you know what i mean like
when we first heard about it in europe it sounded awesome or was it japan that had this first i
don't remember it sounded awesome but now that we have all this other stuff that delivers tv shows
i mean there's only so many ways you can watch glee over the over the internet's you know what
i mean do we really need this one as well you know oh i forgot you're on the i hate glee bandwagon
now because the whole beatles no i was on the i hate glee bandwagon before then the show just
irritates me i i haven't watched it this season so i can't say but i always in my gut thought
that show was going to be like heroes awesome first season not so great which was glee i haven't
really been watching it lately though he's like heroes not the plot but just you know how heroes
this week on heroes it's gaga week you know how heroes had an awesome first season and then the
second season was like okay it was yeah there was the the chick that was like maya that was her name
she's like single-handedly ruined the show remember that my emo powers exactly i sucked
life out of you with my emo exactly yeah that was a terrible season and it just went downhill
just like an emo to ruin it for everybody nice
all right uh let's see oh i wanted to give a quick update real quick because i'm catching
up on my private messages that that whole um uh extra life thing i was reading about earlier
jessica went and got a tiny url for it so this is really easy if you want to participate and help
breast lol from understation live out just go to tiny url.com slash breast lol b-r-e-s-s lol
and you can help out and i'll put that on the twitter too just in case you kids forget
all right let's move on though to some other news this is about one of my favorite games rock band
yay rock band just hit 2000 download songs this week actually that's 2000 between download and
on disk but however you count it it hit its 2000 song this week potentially 2000 songs in your
rock band library yeah exact well and then does that even count the uh um the network the rock
band network or whatever i think so oh does it well still though it's still an impressive number
jimmy hendrix's are you experienced was the 2000th song if you care i was curious how many songs i
had stop by the way if you're curious how much those have been downloaded 75 million tracks from
the rock band store in the rock band network that's a lot of downloads speaking of uh download
content bon jovi's greatest hits album will be released november 9th but you know what if you
don't really want to go to the store and buy it you can just download it as dlc for rock band 3
uh soon after the launch of rock band 3 the greatest hits album by bon jovi will be rock
band 3 download content and i believe some of the songs are already in there but you can get the
full experience with the rest of your bon jovi favorites yay all right there you go bon jovi
coming soon to rock band dark sakura what do you got for us oh i've got more stuff how about for
those of us who are big fans of konami's uh other goings on before there was ddr the um x-men arcade
game remember the one that was two screen six player or one screen four player is going to uh
be out on xbox live arcade and playstation network yes i know right dips on storm dude it was all
about playing dazzler for me but it's going to be out guess when soon oh soon our favorite release
date it is all about playing dazzler which is the only game she was ever good in i think it's the
only game she was in so what about the whole six player thing are we going to get to play six
players online all at once it's going to be epic doesn't say possible i was hearing a rumor about
that yes they say it will retain six player co-op nice online that's right new york comic con was
this weekend so i'm sure where there's a lot of news coming out of the that that's comic book
related so that's kind of cool i just love this picture from the intro it's like storm just just
does not give a fuck she's not amused storm ain't having it no she's like because she's awesome
bitch please uh tiger call in our chat room says i bet that game will come out in time for the
release of the new x-men game what about the new x-men movie isn't there a new x-men movie coming
out next year like yeah yeah like it's a it's first class or something it's like a prequel
or whatever yeah you know they recast everybody there was a whole comic series called x-men first
class okay all the you know new original stories from the early days okay could be interesting i
suppose but it's going to be hard without patrick stewart as professor x i'm just saying all right
uh we're not gonna do list list tonight we're gonna table that to next week so let's move on
with some more news loki uh yes um so this is kind of cool uh apparently uh mega man legends
is going to be asking people to uh submit ideas for stuff that they want to see in the game um
they're going to be asking the community to actively participate in um different development
parts uh some of the examples that they had on the one page their boss characters uh voice actors
ideas they want them all and um of course that's why project is in the title they said it would be
a collaborative experience uh but not in the way mega man universe is instead i guess the community
will be able to actively actively participate in the development of the game uh capcom unity
website will be updated with a dev room where fans will be able to submit their gameplay ideas boss
ideas character ideas and more in the future fans will be able to vie for position in the game's
voice cast pizza man do do do do do some of these character designs are really cute the
fan submitted ones yeah they don't look bad i want to be a voice actor in mega man legends
well where do i sign up you just got the sign up with the website bunny girl
i don't want to be a voice actor for bunny girl sorry
but uh yeah it's kind of cool i wonder why all this audience participation in the game is it
just a gimmick to try and sell more copies or do you think they just really want fresh ideas or
what what do you think's the motivation behind this i'm not sure uh probably just you know more
of the meta stuff because everybody likes being you know able to contribute to a game and having
their credit and stuff and it's way better than having a name web 2.0 yeah kind of stuff yeah
that makes sense all right uh that way fans can't bitch if the game sucks because you made it made
it well it's all your fault the game get bad got bad reviews all right um i think this is kind of
strange um you know how there's the kindle right and i think dark soccer you you use the kindle
i use the kindle app on my phone is that just the same thing as a kindle i don't know well the
kindle itself is the device that amazon sells you know the large one has got internet access and
shit right i just have the app for it on my phone so i can read books oh okay what can't you use
iBooks for that not for books i bought through the kindle store ah got it okay well anyhow i
bought some of my schoolbooks that way so i can carry them around on my iphone got it all right
well anyhow um kindle is of course you know it's it's a device that you know most you read books on
it but now apparently there's some games showing up on kindle i guess uh scrabble is on kindle
right now i didn't even know that but yeah scrabble actually made its way to the top of the kindle
charts but um apparently some folks have ported zork one zork two zork three and mini zork to the
kindle i didn't even know there was a mini zork but yeah zork one zork two and zork three are now
all out on the kindle that's kind of awesome um now i don't think the kindle has too much in the
way of a keyboard so i'm not sure how awesome this is i mean i think it has some keyboard but it's
kind of small so i don't know how much fun this is to play but uh yeah it's out there and uh so
you are standing in front of a white mailbox don't get eaten by a guru you can experience it all over
again there it is let's uh go to the mailbag at mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and we're gonna
open up ye old mailbag dive in the one email one email one email but it's fantastic well to be fair
i failed on getting the show up on time so we'll probably have double the emails next week rob
fails sorry i was sick leave me alone he brought me he brought me pita chips so i sure did and
asoda hey olr crew azhp here if you may recall rob had mentioned a few episodes ago that poo
ping would be a funny name for social networking site for people on the toilet that's right because
of a ping.com remember well i'm sorry apple's ping well i decided to run with that idea and
i'm moderately proud to bring you www.poo-ping.com wow i whipped it together over about two weeks
though since i worked a full-time job i was only able to put an hour or two a day into it
its goal is to be like yelp for public restrooms through a number of factors prevent me from
devoting much time to it the aforementioned full-time job and my lack of any sort of prowess
relating to design related to design the site does not have any features currently it only supports
adding restrooms to the database and writing reviews for those restrooms a google account is
required to submit restrooms or reviews don't worry it's using google's official google app
engine api so you don't have to worry about me stealing your information or anything this is
just the first website i've written on my own it was basically just an excuse to learn new
programming languages for the technically inclined it's written in python using the google app engine
sdk with some django integration or is it django i don't know so it's not too well polished maybe
if i find myself unemployed in the future or if you hire jamie i can get back to it or she can
make it look pretty i appreciate it if the crew or the chat could throw out some ideas that you
would like to see on the site such as an iphone app google map integration foursquare style
check-ins a friends list twitter style updates experience points based ranking system for adding
restrooms etc i can draw you pictures of poop is that really necessary yes who knows i might one
day implement them anyway hope you enjoyed it as bare bones as it is your friendly neighborhood
programmer azhp that's pretty amazing i'm looking at the site poo-ping.com and my bathroom on it
there it is the site for picky poopers there it is it's actually there and there's already a one
review on there for next tag i don't and it just talks about where there's four stalls apparently
and uh there's paper towels is the hand drying mechanism and the faucet type and uh you can
actually write a review there and talk all about it in the comment on this restroom the faucet on
the left doesn't shut off all the way unless you push down on it harder restroom is fairly clean
and paper towels and toilet paper get restocked often i'm gonna review the toilet out back i was
gonna say i should review the the bathroom at jack-in-the-box i was at before the show tonight
because uh when i turned on the sink it was so it was like on full blast i got shot with water
and it just looked like i crapped my pant like the front of my pants and i was so mad
so i was gonna write a nasty review of the sink there i don't know the address for this place
uh-oh you have to look it up can i review my bathroom
you can put whatever you want in there you want your address on there there it is poo-ping.com
that's amazing i love when our show inspires these ideas that's that's the ultimate tribute thank you
guys so much so salacious pop is saying he just thought of a mailbag for you he didn't send this
in the email but i think this is a great question and i can't wait to hear the rants this inspires
dark sakura have you seen the new gap logo and do you feel the logo would be helped by comic sans
or papyrus what the fuck let me look at it their logo is pretty weak have you not seen the new gap
logo it's like crap i need a logo right now all this new controversy no just go to gap.com i'm
going and you can see it and it's there's their new logo it's in helvetica yeah that's it that's
not helvetica it's a gap with a box i like it job really because like all these designers everywhere
are pissed they have saying that it's way better no no no no it's i like the old one better but
this isn't bad the old one just was better it was more iconic i think i think the square is retarded
yeah i don't know it's not really no the old one was better
um i just got linked this uh website that apparently has all the sounds you need
to run a radio show here and so um we could list the uh gap logo on poo-ping.com
this is what i will say about this if i may
what if this was the first time this they'd ever done a logo as in like if they hadn't had that
nice one they had before this would be fine why did they feel they needed to change their logo
in the first place it's too swiss i think the best comment i read anywhere about the new logo
is that it makes old navy look like the better brand i mean old navy looks a little classier
than gap's new logo it looks like the american apparel logo it looks like target target uses
helvetica it kind of looks like american apparel to me have you ever seen that yeah and it's too
too close it looks like um what's that tax place uh you know you know h&r block yeah it looks like
h&r block font you knew that they changed their font from futura who did ikea oh really they based
it off of a different one their theirs was like a super wide version of futura which i like that
font is pretty but they changed it i don't know i just keep in mind i love helvetica a lot this just
did you see the movie yes i have i have a copy all right i have the book i'm not joking is it
all printed in helvetica yes it's called helvetica homage to a typeface i'll go get it no it's all
right that's all right i don't care no one car all right i was gonna put it on the all right
fine you can take a picture and all that uh we gotta get into the f-years of the week though
this is the part of the show where we get really angsty and uh get mad and throw things
so
a few to my cat's butt for being too fat to lift onto her toilet box
her her litter box and pp in it properly and it's mostly my fault i should have exercised my cat
more but she only is able to pee in about half of the box and the rest of the pee will get on
the floor for for the record shermy's bathroom is in the bathroom closet and we have the bottom part
of the door sawed off so she can just climb under there and do her business in private
do her business in private um but she misses the box so like the p goes under her box and
that means i have to lift her box and clean it which is really disgusting and um but she has
not pooped during the show that's great somebody linked us in the chat room i guess there's this
website where you can generate your own gap logo and someone made olr there it is i could do that
in two seconds in photoshop nice that was laser one two three four five four three two one sent that
all right uh loki you have an fu of the week uh if you leave the cats live in my backyard because
they are pooping everywhere and it smells like poop everywhere and they need to leave the premise
is that it you need to leave the premise of the premises whatever all right if that's it then
my fu of the week i have a few uh fu to me being sick uh because it sucked and i've been sleeping
like 12 and 13 hours this weekend which is sad because i'm not gonna get to see alan next weekend
so kind of sucks that i spent this whole weekend sleeping um so yeah boo to that boo to the fact
that um midway mania was closed to california venture when i went um this last time so i'm
very upset about that because i wanted to take alan on that and i couldn't but yay to us going
on tower of terror that made me very happy no that's great i'm glad you think so let's see and
then my last if you goes to uh the baggage handler at jet blue who i guess threw my bag or either
that or the people who designed my bag because my laptop kind of fell out of the laptop part of my
bag and into the main part of my bag and as it was being slung around i now have a line of dead pixels
on my monitor i'm sorry to hear that yay i remembered one more fu that i had fu to windows 7
for for whatever reason removing the what you hear feature on the recording options on your sound
card i you know that's that has been the main hold up for yx for and i can't do a podcast right now
we can't figure out how to make it work for some reason it works here oh we're on xp here that's
why you know how you do it how it's sad you have to do from speaker out the line in oh yeah no
thanks that sucks or they say get a secondary usb sound card or something i've actually been looking
into that bi extra extra come on why don't i want to do a loud maybe you can help me figure out why
my mic isn't working for ventrilo might be similar so i don't know why you would even remove that
feature it's stupid yeah it sucks it depends also i i thought it was always a sound blaster feature
like if you have a sound blaster well i have i have a non-sound blaster card in my laptop here
and i can record what i hear it's just it's not you just record no uh xfer and i ran a test run
the other week or we were going to and we couldn't get his skype thing to record it just and i tried
everything we do here in studio to make the show work and it would work over there of course we use
an external mixing board too which i'm sure helps but we're just irritating ah so we'll try again
all right meanwhile back to the show we're gonna get to your phone calls soon not just yet but very
soon in the meantime though we got just a couple quick stories for you guys before we open up the
skype line at 1877 game olr yes it's interesting um you know sam ramie is working on a earth defense
force movie now obviously this is not anything to do with d3 game earth defense force the greatest
game on earth um but it is you know something where you know apparently uh aliens are invading
and the earth defense force has to you know stop them from invading or whatnot uh the details of
the movie are very rough right now here's the interesting part though and i'm not sure if sam
ramie's aware of this but apparently um earth defense force uh is actually a copyrighted name
by d3 so huh that's awkward um and actually i did see here it looks like they do have a synopsis for
earth defense force the sam ramie version apparently edf follows a u.s military unit that
has been deployed to rescue a sub that has accidentally run afoul in chinese waters
apparently a dogfight ensues and both uh but both the chinese and american planes are shot
out of the water by three alien spacecraft they go on to destroy landmarks and key military
structures it's a race against the clock as humans try to create weaponry and vehicles that can
sustain another attack just make a goddamn fucking earth defense force movie based off earth defense
force the game well they were going to call it the last airbender but unfortunately that was taken
too my rating is up on pooping.com nice for the outback bathroom i mean earth defense forces it's
so cheesy but it could be really cool all right let's move on one more story for you guys then
we're going to get to the skype line and those uh calls uh apparently uh and unfortunately source
file i have for this is broken right now but apparently it was confirmed that in dead or alive
the 3ds version it's going to have 3d breast wobbling that's right a whole new breast physics
mechanics thing for the 3ds so you can see those titties titillating in full 3d that's just great
i bet you guys are very excited about that i am are you gonna is this a day one purchase for you
no no okay i trust me there's i don't need to purchase a game to see boobs bouncing i see you
could just ask the wife or just i don't know access the internet or go outside if you want
to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on skype is orange lounge radio we are open for
business on the skype line if you want to say hello uh you all right your chair sounded like
a horn went off or something is that my chair me oh that was you that was me oh i'm gonna crap
logo something it sounded like a bicycle horn that was funny okay so last minute story i guess yeah
well we wait for calls sure uh my butt dark soccer is having too much fun with that crap logo site
that laser one two three four five three one linked us uh yes um so i know there's other
things we can talk about here um and let's see if our website will actually pull up my oh well
boo-hoo hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey this is x-link hi x-link what's on your
mind hey never much you're like the new ron now sorry i have a cold an old orange island radio
first let's tell the people how on nba gm to get the democrats and republicans unlocked if you
want to play at them please do all right for the democrats at the press a to start screen if you
enter left 13 times followed by the plus you should be able to unlock them for the republicans
if you press on the same screen right 13 times followed by the plus you are unlock them that's
funny i get it because the democrats are on the left and the republicans are on the right
then you press down 13 times i don't know what happens if you push down 13 times the game crashes
no i don't know if you push nothing yeah nothing happens because that's what happens from the
p-side down is the tea party i get it all right by the way laser 1 2 3 4 5 3 2 1 is yelling at
me in chat saying just say laser we had this problem for i don't like just laser don't put
all those numbers in your name i like laser 1 2 3 4 5 4 3 2 1 it gives it gives it class
just say change your name to laser 3 2 1 contact it's even better i i that's even better i i like
that laser 3 2 1 contact i like that now thinking of the 3 2 1 contact from electric company but
that's all different scenario altogether that's right now it's stuck in your head yes definitely
but no but these two were the probably one of the hardest ones for a bit but i don't know how
somebody came across it but i was reading a few websites and somebody closely posted on there of
how to do this so that was quite interesting because for a while they're like here's the code
unlock unlock the bc boys here's the code to unlock the espn and the rest of the stuff you
pretty much are on your own unlock so well and those codes are very easy to remember actually
left 13 times that's not very hard to remember right 13 times that's not like telling almost
something did by a fluke like oh let's see what you mean hit left and see what happens is like
all of a sudden you know you hit the button and it happened you know you hit her chime and it's
like okay what did i unlock oh look i just unlocked you know and to unlock nba and nba
and to unlock nba elite you smash the remote against the ground 13 times
or track the desk in half you throw it out the window yeah i was gonna say it's not like any
of us have bought nba jam yet i don't know maybe there's a few wee people that have bought it yet
bought it so far but i sure haven't yet so you know what to be honest i was going to buy it and
then i saw the $50 price tag and that really turned me off i'm like why the hell would i pay
$50 for a just updated version of the game that came out so long ago nba jam is fucking rad it
was going to be an xbox live arcade game oh i freaking loved it i loved it playing in arcade
i remember playing all the time going through all the teams and trying to then as soon as i beat one
team with all the teams to go you know and it was like a weekly thing it was like nfl blitz did the
same uh same thing growing up with nfl blitz you start with one team you go through and then you
try because you're always trying to compete with everybody else and that in your local arcade you
try to be that top number one spot so i wish it would have done something like that but unfortunately
if you don't have the capability of online to keep uh global stats of that sort which kind of
ruins it i mean especially if you play just single player um i uh you got to admit though you you've
got to play the obama versus palin you know you want to play that and then accuse the game of
being biased you know you want to do that and the computer cheats yes all right well anything else
on your mind tonight x-link what do you think about cataclysm coming out pretty soon um i'm
scared about the new patch because it's going to change everything and as a holy paladin like on
the beta i i don't know if i can heal the same that i do now it's weird and it's a rep pally i
died like twice and that never happens rep pallys don't die like ever unless they really suck
well i mean in raids they do and in instances they do but i mean soloing like you never die
so it's it's i'm a little scared about some of the um juggling they're doing to talents but you know
these things have a way of working themselves out and you know by the time the game actually
comes out it'll be cool but um yeah if it's true that the patch is hitting this week which most
people seem to kind of agree it is it's gonna be a game changer so we'll see but you know they
always do these major patches right before so it'll be interesting do all things real quick
thank you for turning me on the game next week unfortunately i wish i got on a week before but
fortunately next week would be my one year anniversary on wow oh wow yeah yeah that's
really bizarre i was looking that up i was kind of curious and i knew it was actually next week
because i remember it got in before the new holiday coming up but hey and it's it's my dr
nursery next week so it was almost the same time yeah two get on your three games and uh three
jamie what are you planning on playing after you get done with planes versus zombies since you've
been addicted to it like what game yeah what game is next for you after this i'm still playing star
trek online and final fantasy 13 wow so i've got stuff on my plate the stuff i'm playing at the
same time i'm still playing sims 3 gotcha yep all right well excellent before i let you go
i just got one message for you what hold on
here we go can you hear it it's really quiet
yes funny now it's stuck in your head for the rest of the day pretty much yes there you go
there you go it's very dead the demonic pizza song so contact is the moment where everything happens
contact all right that's it all right have a good one bye bye bye what was it i think it was three
two one contact what was it the uh like detective show or something that was part of that show
that they had like math near the give math net from square one tv oh mathnet you're thinking
of math net do i oh my god i'm not even gonna play it used to be all about math net the show
was awesome it was it was awesome and then like friday was the all math net show
hold on this this is this is for you oh wait no wait oh damn ah no no wait hold on
there the theme song here we go here this is for you logi they didn't have a theme from that
yeah they probably have a theme for math that i'm sure they do somewhere let's see uh square
one is pretty cool god i miss the old shows if you want to give us a call and stop us from playing
retro tv songs uh one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio
let's see they have actually like all these episodes of math that's awesome i'm going to
assume probably one of these mathnet frankly hello walter really are you sure
okay we'll be right there
dude you know me again none other law and order mathnet
that would be so awesome
this week on law and order somebody divides by zero
uh okay i have actual news here we can talk all right fine since no one wants to call go ahead
um so there's some pretty cool stuff coming our way at least on um the ipad iphone um you know
app store that type of thing uh choo choo rocket's headed for the ipad which is kind of cool and
apparently um you know that's gonna be all sorts of awesome then uh dead rising mobile
is coming to uh the iphone and ipod as well and of course that would be very stripped down version
of dead rising much like the wii version was also they're going to be doing something very similar
to xbox live's game room called capcom arcade which will host a bunch of virtual arcade cabinets
that require the purchase of tokens uh to play the games otherwise everything is going to be
a lot easier to play the games uh to play the games otherwise you can um permanently access
each game for a larger one-time fee uh the arcade service will launch uh before dead rising mobile
and will feature street fighter 2 ghosts and ghouls or i'm sorry ghouls and ghosts uh 1942 and commando
so this is why no one else wants to get on board with game room because now they're like oh well
i don't know uh another full motion video game is coming to the app store as well uh this one is
kind of a neat one i remember drawing some of the characters from it brain dead 13 is coming um as
well to the app store very soon um sonic 1 sonic 2 super monkey ball and fancy star 2 are all
discounted on itunes right now um you can get those all for about a dollar 99 instead of six
dollars each but they suck on the iphone i mean i'm not i'm not gonna mince words they're not
fun not bad uh okay i'll give you that but these other ones honestly if you have a 360 or a ps3
go get that genesis collection the sonic mega genesis collection it's like in the bargain bin
right now you can probably find it for ten dollars it's fantastic and it's like the greatest ten
dollars you'll spend if you like the retro stuff if you don't like the retro stuff then don't
bother but otherwise like if if that last story sounded interesting to you and you own a 360 or
a ps3 go buy the mega genesis collection it's a much better deal trust me and then minecraft
is being updated for halloween uh they're adding new month when did everybody like i seriously i
leave the show for like two weeks and suddenly like like just just in general gaming news in
general suddenly i come back it's like minecraft minecraft minecraft everybody's talking about
minecraft i'm just covering what people want to know and it's it's yeah i don't get it either
it's just like something all of a sudden people have a big boner over it i don't knock it till
you try to blah blah blah i need to play it doesn't look bad it's just you know it's one
of the things i don't have a lot of time to play stuff i all you know play around with it a little
bit but you know it's just they really need to put port it to like the ipod or something like
that then then we then we'll talk um anyways it's gonna include some um new monsters um apparently
uh torches that uh extinguish over time fishing and the ability to fast travel by moving through
um i guess uh a hell world and the craftable wrist watch they'll let players track how much
time's left in the day before the bad guys come out hmm it's interesting eight seven seven game
olr if you want to give us a call or username on skype is orange on the radio it's ringing off the
hook tonight folks did you see then that one picture of me you just saw it look how red my
hair used to be like people don't believe that i used to have such like like flaming red hair but
yeah i used to have like not like ron howard red but that brown red yeah and now i have no hair but
you were i used to have rob was a ginger kid yeah kind of but no i don't i didn't have people call
us i didn't have the light red that's the thing i had that more rare red color so good times
eight seven seven game olr our username on skype is orange entre isn't it weird to think that
everything you're seeing there that theater that you're seeing all those pictures in
it's that best buy that's now the parking lot for the best buy
you park your cars there now it's sad and then they have something else that they're
building that looks like a theater it's a sports authority store ah lame that's the same reaction
i had no one wants to go to the sports authority that is the same reaction i had travis columbia
in that particular night yes that's fantastic um that particular night was the like switch night
or tacky horror they sometimes call it where the guys play girl parts and the girls play guy parts
that's why there's pictures of me as magenta because i did that for one of them you played a
good magenta magenta is my favorite character in the whole movie just so you know we did some
awesome theme nights good times jess will be here next week we could reminisce about this
shit all night we could do another marathon show just out of that i was a rope that was the cast
after understation oh you you would you were kind of helping out after the theater was torn down it
was uh further indignities was the name of that crowd uh and remember hmm i got dr scott once
that's right you did uh jessica's in chat saying we need to go to the time war or need to go do
the time warp in the parking lot on february 3rd because i'll be 10 years since the theater shut
down so did you ever play that or pick up that game was uh the broadway something or other the
one that's all the it's just dance but with all the broadway song not until it's in the five
dollar bin come on let's be it's got to be in the five dollar bin now i mean i'll have to look
came out back in june i can't imagine that i've sold a copy of it since i guess that's it we're
not getting any other calls tonight damn it people what's wrong with you everybody's being shy call
i guess that's it i'm gonna shut it down i'm gonna give it another minute then i'll shut it down
shut it down you all fail dan's in the other room going terminated was dan on the show last week did
he help you kids out no oh he wasn't no he ran he ran away we can talk to dan does dan dan you
want to come be on the show no he says no how rude nobody wants to be on the show tonight
all right well that's okay because we have a pretty epic show planned for next week so it'll
be a good time so that's it we're going to uh go ahead and shut down the skype line i can't believe
it just one call tonight where's rama tonight oh you know what it is new york a comic thing is
still going yep so that all our new york people that always call like zaku's there rama's there
s2100 matt's there i didn't realize how much of this show is in new york city apparently new york
city get it right well that's it that's gonna do it for another week here at orange lounge radio
if you guys are done with all your last minute stories we're gonna go ahead and close up shop
but that's okay it was still a great show we had a lot of news to cover tonight and uh we're gonna
do it all again next week hey if you liked orange lounge radio as we always say here just tell a
couple people about the show call one eight uh call uh go on itunes and leave a nice review for
i just do leave us an eight leave us a five eight out of five star review on itunes just tell a
couple friends about the show help spread the word because we don't have a big magazine or website
backing us it's just some nerds who do this for fun who've been doing this way too long
in a good way uh anyhow before we pull the plug on the show let's go around and give everybody's
final thoughts uh loki start us off tonight your final thought uh my final thought is i am looking
forward to getting my new laptop so i can uh finish my mods for grand theft auto 4 i am very
disappointed that i ran into two people trying to um rip me off in auctions and in purchases
recently thankfully i will be probably getting my money back from my one purchase on ebay i can't
believe people try to rip people off on ebay when you pay with paypal it's like you know that size
of the buyer like big time uh um my final thought is um i have two shows to post this week i'm gonna
be busy dark soccer your final thought tonight i want ice cream well we might thanks to there be
no calls we might finish early enough tonight we can go get ice cream we didn't start late tonight
either we started right at six let's get frozen yogurt we could go what just at the place right
up the street by your house oh we got time we do i'm so down you know you know where we need to go
i don't i don't i think they close at nine on sunday night damn them i know i'm not made up
all right i have to go out gorgeous and fabulous you look you're always gorgeous and fabulous dark
soccer all right dark soccer your final thought tonight i'm on ice cream okay we can just let's
go to basco robbins that's fine all right that's it we're done we're out pulling the plug we will
see you here next week for episode 386 it's going to be very special kind of look back on
10 years of ddr for me and uh iguana girl jessica harper whatever whatever other name she has think
about when you'll be here my 10th anniversary you played before on me i know that so yeah and
loki i think started playing a little later right so um i started playing it was after
fanime one of those years but that's the way that's early in the year uh god i don't remember
when i started playing because i i had gotten a fourth mix i imported a fourth mix my first
machine was at ax 2001 at disneyland that's not too far off then your first machine my first time
playing ddr was in december of 99 well regardless no not 99 because i had yeah yeah december of 99
99 technically my first time seeing ddr was memorial day of 99 no of 2000 yeah no 99 because
i gave you because that weekend holds other special significance afterwards yes after you
put the machine but regardless we're gonna have a 10 10 year look back next week just because
so that's it um have a great night everybody we'll see you next time hey hey hey you need to
chastise your boyfriend why what did you do sit in a pink berry lecture lecture lecture point point
point shake shake shake let's go to san francisco and get naya next weekend like i have to go to a
wedding next weekend must be speaking of this it's all rocky people that are getting married next
week is it a rocky wedding it's actually somebody jessica would know i'll have to tell her is it a
rocky wedding it is no it's not a rocky themed wedding it's a legit wedding that's no that's
no fun yeah but i'm going to a wedding next weekend so anyway but i will be here for the show
okay okay i'm i'm sorry yes i will be here for the show i'm sorry listeners i bet you had fun
last week but yes i'm gonna be good after can i play the closing credits now i guess
you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of
orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
