Tonight, October 24th, 2010, two Capcom worlds collide in an upcoming 3DS game, fans of Sonic
the Hedgehog up the ante in the new HD version, and in one country, Grand Theft Auto IV is
ordered off the shelves.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that radio video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
We do tape live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Joining you over the next few hours are myself, Rob Roberts, and my awesome co-hosts.
Say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Storms lol.
I know right.
Yeah, we're having storms right now.
We're having rain and nobody in California knows how to deal with it.
Yeah, we had to do a disclaimer for live listeners because one of the people that doesn't know
how to handle storms is Comcast, the internet provider out here in Sacramento.
Exactly.
And so the internet has cut out at your house, what, five times today at least?
I know at home it's been cutting in and out.
Three times since I've been awake.
I just got a text from Alan saying it cut out again while he was trying to listen to
our call with Bobby before the show tonight.
Which is funny because in Alabama I remember being on dial-up in a hurricane.
I just don't know how to handle it out here.
They really don't.
And what makes it worse too is that, not to get too off kilter here, but what makes it
worse is that when you have this first major rain of the season as it finally is, here
we are the end of October, the problem is everything is so dried out from a long summer
that it just screws everything up.
And the oil floats all up to the top of the streets and it becomes a big slick and no
one knows how to drive in the rain.
But it's been raining for almost, it feels like a day straight.
It rained yesterday almost all day.
Crazy.
I've enjoyed it.
I like the rain.
But I've been sick.
So I like rain when I'm sick because then it makes all the warm food I'm eating so much
better.
And then just everybody else is having to be miserable because you're miserable, right?
No, I'm good because I spend most of the time asleep.
Really?
Because that's how I am.
I'm like, if I'm sick then I want everyone to be sick.
When Dan gets sick he's a big baby.
He just curls up on the couch and makes pathetic faces at me.
Is that what your cat does too?
She's sitting on your feet right now kind of.
She's purring.
All right.
Say hello of course to tech master Loki also joining us tonight as he always does.
Hello.
And complete with what?
Are we on quadruple bacon pizza now?
Not yet.
I didn't want to scare them with the thought of putting in four times the amount of bacon
on a pizza.
They'd have to make you sign a medical disclaimer.
I'd eat them into that, you know.
All right.
How have things been for you?
How's the baby doing?
Baby is fine.
He's, he was with mom going to her parents' house.
Now where's that?
Is that in the bay?
Folsom.
Oh, okay.
That's not that bad.
Is he pooping fine?
Yeah, he's pooping just fine.
Okay.
Because I remember the poop scare.
Inquiring minds.
Want to know.
All right.
Joining us in studio tonight, yes, in studio, not on Skype.
We love having guests actually come down to the studio and hang with us.
Say hello to our pal, the Seg.
Hello, O-L-R.
Hello, Seg.
Wonderful to be here.
Wonderful to have you.
Thank you so much for coming out here.
I haven't really had a chance to say it to you before we've gone live because it's just
been go, go, go, go.
Cause I was running in the door late tonight, but, um, but I did get a new mic cord for
Dark Sakura, so it wasn't all for naught.
So just saying, hopefully it works tonight.
I'm not having to hold it in.
That's what she said.
All right.
So anyway, but, uh, say you, you drove all the way here from the Bay area, which is a
good, well, usually it's probably about an hour and a half, but I'm going to guess because
of the rain, it probably took like an hour and a half, you know, I am from Detroit, so
I actually know how to drive, you know, Ford family here, so, well, regardless, no matter
how long it took you to get here, it is quite a bit of a tank of gas.
So I do really appreciate you coming out and hanging here in studio with us.
Not quite as glamorous as the sounds on the radio, huh?
Well, you know, you don't have to, to, to pull back the curtain for everyone out there
on the internet.
Yeah, that's all right.
All right.
Yeah.
I meant, uh, of course our microphones are all gold-plated.
This couch is absolutely wonderful.
Maho, maho.
Give me, give me more grapes, servants.
All right.
Uh, well, Saig, you are here though.
Of course you have ulterior motives for being here tonight.
Not that we mind.
We appreciate a reason to have you here in house, but you're here to promote a little
something something that's going on, right?
Yeah.
Just, just a little something.
You might've heard of it because, you know, we, I, gosh, we've only mentioned it on the
show about 50 gazillion times.
That's okay.
Cause it's, it's a charity thing and we'll say it a gazillion more times for charity.
What is, what is up?
What's, what's the, what's the big event that you are co-hosting?
Oom loud, a rock band night for child's play charity.
It's a performance based rock band night.
And I really stress it as performance.
It's not a competition.
We don't give a care about your score whatsoever.
It's all about rocking out for child's play charity.
Yeah.
No one, no one, as the old saying on the internet goes, no one Kerr, if you have a crappy score
on a song or what have you, you're going to get the most props if you have like, if you're
really into it, like the outfits and stuff.
Some of the stuff I saw last year, outstanding, the Lego rock band people were great.
There was a lots of dress ups, bands, good times.
Yeah.
Well, we started it last year under the wake of Fundrauser, which went away, but it was
Chris Koehler of wired.com game life blog Joe Marquette of Game Helper and myself.
And we put on San Francisco's child's play charity event community fundraiser for child's
play.
And last year we did it all soup to nuts within eight weeks.
And that's also incorporated as our own nonprofit to be all nice and legal.
And I guess I should talk about the band packages because that's really where we're leading
into.
Sure.
Why not?
We're all over the map, but that's okay.
We're everywhere.
That's why it's a three hour show.
We can never stay on one track.
So it's fine.
Take all the time you need.
So it's not, we don't do the just go up and play at a bar.
Like if you go to a bar or anything to play rock band, it's usually one screen and everyone
is looking at the screen.
What we do is have the performers turn around and face the audience and perform out to the
audience.
And there's monitors on the stage floor, but they look like speaker monitors to the audience
because it's next to the speaker monitors.
And we don't just let anyone just walk up and play.
We pre-order band packages where a group of friends make a donation to UMLoud on our website
to purchase a band package.
And then they have one song that they pick that no one else will play on their main stage.
So like if I claim a song and I say like Gaga is mine tonight, it's me.
I am Gaga.
Then nobody else can pick that same Gaga song.
First come first serve.
But yes, once it's locked in, it's yours.
No one else will play on the main stage.
Because that really sucks at like karaoke sometimes and you got like four people in
a row, you know, because we belong together now.
It's like, oh God, shut up.
And also-
They all get progressively worse.
Well, it's also, you know, there are 2000 songs in rock band.
It's going to be hard to duplicate.
Is that even counting the network stuff?
I think their 2000 count counts the network stuff.
Okay.
But still, that's a lot.
But the thing is, is that we don't know what's going to happen with these bands when they
show, especially last year.
We didn't know if people were going to get it.
I mean, we didn't know if people were just going to like, oh, I'm playing rock band or
like, no, this is my rock concert.
And there were people that got it.
The one band that to me really got it was Ironhead, as in the Brutal Legend game.
Yes, I remember that.
And pictures of that girl all over the internet.
I should plug the website.
If you go to umloud.org, now that's U-M-L-O-U-D, umloud.org, and you'll see the little flicker
button there too, and that will give you all the pictures.
And you'll see Ophelia there.
She's pretty hard to miss because she spent a couple of hours before that day being dressed
up in blue makeup, head to toe.
And I didn't know that they, I mean, I knew they were named Ironhead, knew they were doing
... I'm totally blanking on the song name.
Whatever song they did, yeah.
Helion Electric Eye.
And when they hit the stage, I saw her there dressed up and like, oh, that's one of my
friends.
And then when they performed, it was absolutely amazing.
They got it.
And this year we hope to have more that get it.
The ante is being upped now that people are seeing the pictures from last year.
It's like, how can we just even take it a step further?
You know, there's going to be people that are like, we can outdo.
And we want to facilitate that at UMLoud, which is why we're doing something additional
to the event.
Now, the ultimate band package, that's the band package that we did last year, and then
we're still doing, those go on sale November 1st.
But we decided we wanted to do one really special package that we're calling the Headliner
Band.
And this package is, there's only one of them, because it's the headliner.
So it's auctioned off, and it's actually going on right now through eBay.
And they get a two song set.
And as long as they don't dilly dally, they get first choice for the night to reserve
those two songs.
And they're the headliners.
So obviously they're on the flyers, they're on the posters, they're on the video that
we make.
We actually have Area 5, which is a video production company that will be making the
commercials and, assuming schedules gel well, will be doing the video for us with the Headliner
Band.
And you get your own place at DNA Lounge, which is the venue that we're in, with drink
and food service all provided to you.
So you can have people feed you grapes?
Yes.
All right, awesome.
I'm liking this so far.
And that's going on now, and that auction actually ends Thursday at 4pm-ish.
And we really hope we get a lot of people bidding on that thing, because the donation
all goes to Child's Play.
I was going to stress, this money is not going to SEG.
No.
This money is not going to DNA Lounge.
This money is going to charity.
All of it, right?
Yes.
It's going to Child's Play charity, which provides video games, toys, and other financial
support to children's hospitals around the globe.
And it's kind of known as the Penny Arcade charity, but even Penny Arcade wants to stress
that it's not like, oh, this is directly all Penny Arcade.
They want to stress that this is, yes, they house the offices and the staff for it, but...
They planted the seed, but it's grown into its own thing.
And especially with all of the community fundraisers that happen, like Goomlap, but also Desert
Bus for Hope, and the Mario Marathon, and all the others.
These are people, Child's Play itself just is the direct servicer.
They take the money and directly deal with the child's life services, or equivalent of
the children's hospitals and their network.
And they get the toys there.
They make what toys are needed and all that.
So what's given is exactly what the hospital needs.
And what the community fundraisers do is help in very creative, unique ways to raise money
for this charity.
And it's actually the envy of nonprofits because every year for Child's Play has beaten its
high score the previous year, including the past two years when that shouldn't have happened,
economic downturn.
And Child's Play was one of the very, very few charities that increased their giving.
And that's everything to do with these community fundraisers across the globe.
Do you guys have a fundraising goal set for Goomlap this year?
Is that one of those, you know, I don't want to talk about it type of things?
Well, it kind of is.
We always want to do more.
And we just focus that energy on making the best event without making much cost on how
to put on the event.
Okay.
And we have a lot of partners that help us.
Let me ask this.
Can I ask how much we raised last year?
Last year, I wrote the checkout and mailed it in for $7,000 to Child's Play.
Nice.
Very nice.
And, you know, that was eight weeks of putting everything together.
It was kind of last moment.
So this year, we hope to improve on the situation.
And also a lot...
Umlaut is...
Just for the record, I would have never known that it only took eight weeks to do if you
hadn't told me.
Yeah.
You guys did a really good job last year.
I know.
I don't even know how we did it.
And I'm not just saying that because you're a friend.
You really was a smooth operation.
But, you know, we also have good partners.
DNA Lounge, Jamie Zawinski, the owner, and Barry, and all of them over there are just
absolutely wonderful to us.
You know, we definitely make sure they're in the loop.
We definitely respect them as the venue.
And they...
Harmonics isn't on this too, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And harmonics.
Oh, I should say.
We will have every song playable in Rock Band 3 as in...
Harmonics has a magic box that has them all, right?
Yeah.
They have the magic boxes of dev kits that they will...
And they fly people out.
John Drake and crew will fly out for our event with the dev kits.
And we actually have two stages.
So I know I've been stressing the main stage and the performances there, which is the show
in itself.
But there's a lot of other things that we have there.
We have in the lounge room, the second room, free play Rock Band, show up.
We have the donation bin out there to kind of guilt you, but it's free play.
We don't care to walk up.
You know, that's your traditional sort of like bar Rock Band setting.
And that's free play.
Last year was like the Beatles room because that was the big game last year.
And this year is just kind of whatever is clever.
Well, we don't know what we're gonna have special yet for...
We don't know what we have special yet for this year.
But last year we debuted before it came out, the Rubber Soul album from Beatles Rock Band,
which was...
Which is the best and is sitting in my closet right there.
It's somewhere in there.
Well, am I gonna get Jamie to go with me this year?
Maybe she can belt out a tune or two.
Maybe.
On the Beast, I will make you go on the main stage.
Actually, let me ask this.
I'm sorry to take this wheel in another direction, but this question has been kind of like lingering
on my mind.
Maybe I'm not a person that wants to get up in front of the crowd.
You know what?
I don't...
I want to help the charity, but I don't...
I don't...
Singing in front of people is not my thing.
What fun things can I expect to have at UMLoud?
Well, first of all, it's the performances.
As I said, they are performances.
And if you search YouTube for UMLoud, you'll see what I mean.
I mean, yes, the cell phone cameras, but you'll see the kind of performances.
And that alone is worth the $10 door, but we don't stop there.
We will have what's been called the nerd yard sale.
And we get...
We clean out the closets of various game studios and developers and publishers and news outlets
and all that to clean out all the swag they've collected for the year and just put it on
the table.
And if you pay for the door, you pick one thing from the table.
So you at least walk out with something.
But in addition, we're going to have a raffle and some pretty good prizes, if I do say so
myself.
We'll be announcing those.
A lot of...
Right now, our attention is all on the bands because we're trying to get this auction that
finished on... it ends Thursday, and then the following Monday is when we get the ultimate
band.
So we're kind of geared towards that, and then we make the push of, please show up.
Well, I wanted you to get that out there, that there was that going on, because we do...
Believe it or not, there are a few friends of our show that work at various developers
and things, and even though I know they don't email us or talk to us all the time because
they don't want to talk about their projects, if you happen to work for a developer or some
type of game studio and you have some extra stuff sitting in a storage room that maybe
some fans might want, Umlaut would be a great charity to kind of give those to, right?
Yes.
We actually are looking for sponsors, both financial as well as gifts and all that.
We are our own non-profit, so we are our own 501c3 in case people are a little weary of
not giving directly to Child's Play.
First of all, yes, it's going to Child's Play, and donating to us directly is also legal
in the state of California and the United States as a non-profit.
So please, if you want to give us stuff or be a financial partner with us, please, please,
please go to umlaut.org.
There's that sponsor link there, and we would love to talk to you.
I could probably look through the vault and find you swag.
That'd be awesome.
I've got like a dozen left of those Metal Gear Solid behind the scenes things.
So if they're just collecting dust here, absolutely, it'd be great charity for OLR to pitch in
and help out.
So, excellent.
Maybe I have a few more Capcom pillowcases.
Well, I'm trying to think what else to kind of get out here before we move on with the
show.
I'll ask you more maybe later on in the show, part B, kind of about what goes into the actual
planning of the event, but as far as the event itself, anything else we need to know about
what's coming up December 9th?
It's Thursday, December 9th.
I stress the Thursday because last year was on Wednesday.
We leveled up to Thursday, and if we get more people, we may be able to level up for weekend.
So it's really important for people to show up.
So if you're anywhere remotely near the Bay Area, please come on down.
And tickets, if tickets are on sale right now, you can click on tickets on the website
if you know you're not going to be in a band, but do want to show up, that's really helpful
for us.
I should also note that if you are in a band package, you're on the guest list, you get
in, you're good.
But if you have any inkling of showing up, please show up.
You will not regret it.
And for those of our listeners, because we are, believe it or not, an international show,
we have folks that listen to the show in Mexico, in Sweden, and all these places, as much as
we really want them to come, they're probably not going to be able to swing it, but there
are ways they can still participate if they're very far away, right?
Yes.
We have the donation button right on every single page at nlal.org.
Which is if you, Child's Play uses PayPal for direct donations.
We use Google Checkout, and we don't want, I want to stress that we're not trying to
like take money, or to have this like bidding war between who donates to Child's Play and
who donates to UMLoud because it's going the same place anyways, but you know, if you feel
more comfortable with Google Checkout, the donation button's there for you.
If you want to go straight to Child's Play, awesome, it's childsplaycharity.org, and that
just goes such a long way.
Absolutely.
And I have a good feeling you're going to beat that $7,000 this year, I have a really
good feeling.
I sure bloody hope so.
All right.
Well, best of luck, Seg, and of course you're going to be sitting in on the show tonight,
so feel free to chime in on anything gaming related and so forth.
Oh, I'll have opinions.
Oh, I bet you will, especially, there might be stories about a particular developer that
might be of...
Oh yeah, that.
Yes, of interest to you, but we'll see.
All right, moving on, we are in, yes, start talking.
I'm telling the chat room that if I can get $150 in donations tonight, I'll sing.
Oh, really?
The proverbial gauntlet has been thrown down.
If you guys can scrounge up $150 in donations to UMLoud, then Dark Soccer, you are saying
you will get up on that stage and you will sing?
Yes.
I can't put into words what a big freaking deal that is.
I just want to put out there.
Because everybody but me thinks I can sing.
Dark Soccer is actually a pretty good singer.
Can we extend that maybe through the next week for our podcastees who maybe aren't listening
live tonight?
If we get $150 tonight, I'll sing.
Oh, okay, you're throwing down.
If we don't get $150 tonight, if we get $250 by next weekend...
She's throwing all these random numbers out there.
No, seriously, because there's a method of my madness.
If we don't hit $150 tonight, and they have a way of saying donate in the name of...
But if they go through the UMLoud donation button, I have obviously no access to the
Child's Play 1.
Yeah.
But...
Yeah.
There should be some sort of note, I think.
We'll figure out the logistics.
If you do donate...
If there isn't some place to put it in, obviously, can people email...
Let's have them email the receipt number.
Email your receipt to Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com.
Perfect.
That works.
But if you can't put it on there, make sure you say, For Orange Lounge Radio.
All right.
Or something about...
And if you happen to buy a million copies of Eye of Judgment tonight, how about if we
can...
How much money can we raise to get Loki to go to the show in a tingle outfit?
No.
How about if we can raise $1,000 by the night of the...
No, I am not going.
We gotta watch it.
Okay, if we can raise $1,000, but then I'll dress as freaking tingle shit.
Uh-oh.
She said it.
She said it.
All right.
Okay, okay.
If we can raise $1,000 by the night of UMLoud, I will go as a Para Para girl.
Blonde wig and all.
All right.
Well, regardless of how much...
I'll wear some costume.
Regardless of how much is raised tonight or until the night, you're at least gonna go
to the show, I hope.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
All right, good.
Yay.
Oh, she went to school that night.
Cut class.
All right.
I think about it.
All right.
Tell the teacher it's for charity.
All right.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
Talk about our gaming weeks.
We're gonna talk a little bit about what types of video games we have been playing this week.
Usually it's how we start off the show, but you know what?
We have charity things to talk about tonight.
So we're gonna start now with how was your gaming week?
Dark Soccer, what kind of video games you've been playing this week?
Well, I just played something that I'm gonna be talking about later on in the show, so
I won't talk about it right now.
What else did I play?
Bayonetta, because she is a sexy bitch.
And what else did I play?
I played some Final Fantasy 13.
I tried to play some Star Trek Online, but I'm pissed off at the Borg right now.
Very, very pissed.
Okay, if somebody knows how to pass a stupid Borg mission, let me know, because I am pissed
off at it.
It just says, Defeat Borg, steal data.
Can I tell a quick side story?
There's 50 of them in there.
It's a viniculum.
What?
Can I tell a quick side story that made me think of you today?
I was playing WoW this morning, and I was in a party for the holiday event with a Boomkin
whose name was Tom Paris.
And we did a very...
The tank disconnected because of this bug going on in WoW right now.
So the Moonkin had to tank the boss, which is kind of funny if you know how WoW works.
So I said at the end of the fight, I said, Janeway would be very proud of you, Tom Paris.
And he said, Oh, that's my rogue.
Ah, that's great.
So it made me think of you, because it's all Star Trek nerds.
That's great.
Why isn't he playing Star Trek Online?
He probably is.
He must be on a Mac.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
I have several friends who actually can't play Star Trek Online anymore because they
don't have it for Mac.
Hurry up!
Get it out!
Um, oh yeah.
And I also played a lot of Plants vs. Zombies, and because I'm addicted, addicted, addicted
to jackpot mode in Plants vs. Zombies and zombie bowling.
And um, I played a bunch of other stuff too.
Oh, I've given up on Arbacular Drop.
I'm done with it.
Given up.
Oh, and I played some Portal.
You just decided to move on to Portal.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, Portal is more polished, you know?
And Arbacular Drop is a great concept.
And Portal is just the better execution.
Alright.
I smell baked goods.
Anything else for your gaming week, Dar Sakura?
Meh.
Alright, let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I didn't play a whole lot of stuff.
I played, um, I think some Plants vs. Zombies.
I haven't really been playing that much this week.
No, the only iOS game I think I've really been playing a lot of recently is-
Do I have a unicorn attack?
Uh, no, actually not that.
I did play some last week though on the show of that.
No, I've been actually addicted to Cartoon Wars 2.
It's a tower defense game.
And with stick figures, except they have, like, heavy artillery and stuff.
It's pretty awesome.
They have everything from, like, you know, medieval weapons, swords, spears, bow and
arrows and stuff to giant mechs and bazookas and all that fun stuff.
So it's pretty fun.
I'm just grinding along right now.
And then, um, you know, I played a little bit of DJ Hero 2.
And I'm totally digging the new songs in there.
Although they're still just, like, the first game, but I mean, I guess it's gonna be with
every game that comes out.
There's a bunch of songs that I don't really care for.
Like, I really wish they would stop putting all these, like, old school, um, like, seriously,
we do not need any more Jackson 5 music in the goddamn DJ Hero series.
No more Jackson 5 at all.
And some of, like, the old 90s rap stuff that's in there, um, is alright, but I don't know.
I just think they need more variety in some of the songs, because I can only hear so many
remixes of California, you know, before I just get sick of it.
Um, or OPP.
Yeah, it's too bad you can't get, uh, your, like, the booty mashups or that kind of level
because, you know, they have to, like, actually get the licensing for the music.
More gorillas!
More gorillas!
Yeah, they have the Stylo, um, mix with itself, yeah.
I need, I need to hear that one.
I love Stylo.
I love the whole album.
It is a lot harder than the first game, which is something that's, uh, worth noting.
Like, I, I mainly just play in medium, but just because I haven't played enough DJ Hero
of the War, I was, I think at one point, starting to go on hard and stuff, um, to get to expert
and all that fun stuff, but I like kinda just playing it more relaxed instead of just trying
to mash buttons like crazy in it, and even on medium, it's mashing buttons like crazy
with a lot of the songs, like the Firestarter remix with itself, um, it was just insanely,
it was more difficult than I had anticipated, you know, for a song like that, you know,
one of the first songs that's in the game.
Oh, hey, it's really hard, but, uh, yeah, I'm digging it.
I like the, the, um, setup in the game, and the best part, of course, is playing as your
avatar.
So, you can DJ your own game.
I have it on PlayStation, so.
Well, that's why you chose Badda-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Exactly.
Oh, no.
You've got the soundboard.
I'm sorry, I didn't load the soundboard before.
Now, do they have it where you can play as your home character, because, you know, Sony's
really innovative with all their home features, right?
Are you really asking that?
Like really?
Oh, Sony.
I want to play it with my own me.
You know what?
Let me, let me answer that with a sound.
Delayed radio, boys and girls, thank you.
I used the toilet today during the other podcast.
During that other show?
Which I have to say something about soon.
All right, we'll get to it.
We'll get to it during housekeeping.
We're hopefully going to have, we're hopefully going to have some DJ Hero music during the
break, although smart me forgot to bring my stupid, uh, VGA cable for my 360.
So I'm trying this really, you know, um, I guess MacGyver way of getting it to work by
hooking up my video capture card through my PC.
But uh, it doesn't like the fact that it's on two different networks, so I have to plug
it into the router.
But the router's cords are so short that I can't pull it out.
And Grand Theft Auto, that's what I played this week.
You can't pull it out?
Can't pull the router out.
Oh.
I don't want us to just start disconnecting random cords cause as if the storms weren't
causing enough problems with internet out.
Just last thing we need is Loki.
I think doing stuff.
I think I can pull the gray cord.
All right.
Cut the red wire.
We're running long tonight anyway, so if you can't do the music, it's all right.
Oh, okay.
I'll just take a look at it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's free cookies.
Yes.
Cookies.
We'll make it all better.
All right.
Uh, Seg, how was your gaming week?
So I've been so busy, but I know you were going to ask me this question, so I really
made it a point to actually play games.
And I've been playing Costume Quest, which just came out on Xbox and PlayStation 3's
downloadable service.
And this is Double Fine's first let's not make a game once every five years game.
And it's really good.
They set out to make a nice, I'll say light RPG.
And the concept is you either play, I'll say the two main characters are twins, a guy and
a girl.
And there's literally the point in the intro cut scene where you pick which one you're
going to, which gender you're going to be pretty much.
And the one you didn't pick gets kidnapped by monsters who are trying to collect candy.
But the adults think that they're just big kids dressed up so that you don't believe
the kids that there are real monsters out there.
It sounds like Saw for children.
Well, the...
Make your choice.
And you're wearing costumes because it's Halloween.
But when you go into battle mode, the costumes that are like, you know, cardboard and tape,
they turn into those characters in battle mode.
So there's a robot costume and then, you know, when they go into battle mode, they turn in
basically your robot mech warrior type character.
I'd totally be down for a G-rated Saw movie.
What would be the point?
It would be funny.
Anyhow, I've also been playing Game Dev Story on the iPhone because, you know, I can't get
enough of game development.
And it's a nice little game.
It feels like it was a cell phone game, like your, you know, before the iPhone, you know,
the days of before, before, before.
But it's a really nice little game that I can play a little bit and put it to a side.
And then I got something else as I pull out my Rock Band keyboard, and I've been playing
Rock Band 3 over the weekend for research for Room Loud, because, you know, because...
There's no fun to be had this weekend.
Oh, no.
Well, it really is because we really try to make the main stage as smooth as possible
because the more time we dilly-dally, the less bands get on stage, and we can't stop
the rock, cannot stop the rock.
So are you going to have up to seven people?
Because...
Yeah.
Awesome.
You know, obviously, if it's a Rock Band 1 song, well, you know, it's a Rock Band 1 song.
But if the song supports it, yeah.
So for harmonies, though, we have all three mics, and they're actually plugged into the
sound system before they're plugged into the game.
So we just have the mics on all the time, and people can just do harmonies or whatever
anyway.
So even if you have, like, a Rock Band 1 song, if you want to have backup singers anyway,
no harm, no foul.
No harm, no foul.
Yeah.
And it's not about the score anyway.
Exactly.
So, awesome.
It gives the sound engineer actual control with the voice, and then, you know, to make
you sound good.
So I know you haven't been able to spend a lot of quality time with Rock Band 3, but
what do you think at first impressions, a worthy upgrade?
It is definitely harmonics finally putting into practice the years of research and all
the things they've learned.
Not that they haven't, but it's just, they now, they got it.
You know, like, then they're able to put it together, and it really shows.
I like how career mode is sort of always on, in the sense that even when you're just doing
quick play, it's still contributing to.
That's so awesome.
Thank you.
Yeah, so there is career activities, like, very, you know, structured career activities
of like, okay, here's two songs and a set of five go, and then, you know, an achievement
is associated with that.
But just in general and in broad is just play the game, and it's just always, it's ranking
up.
It's more of raking up the personal, your personal account.
So it's really stressing more of bringing your profile, putting it on your USB stick
when you go to your friends, and then you're raking up when you're at your friends' place
and doing that profile.
Oh, cool.
Well, that sounds really interesting that they're doing that.
Yeah.
So you don't have to make all these separate bands anymore.
That's kind of cool.
Sounds very interesting.
So, um, let me ask this real quick.
What was the first song you had to play?
What was the first song I should have recorded that?
Ah, oh, I thought there might have been, no, I forgot.
I started doing career path and I just, I'm totally blanking on it, but the first, uh,
keyboard song, uh, Rock Lobster, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, which are the correct
answer should have been Bohemian Rhapsody.
Oh, I'm sorry, SAG.
You lose.
No, I'm saving.
Ah, that button's never going to get old.
That's my favorite button.
But, uh, no, I'm saving that for when I, when I play with, uh, friends of mine.
So get that you need a band for, cause it was just me playing alone.
Fair counterpoint.
All by myself.
I saw the trailer for Pro Mode.
That was pretty crazy with the new guitars.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
The, the, the pro guitars.
Um, damn.
And the, the MIDI Stratocaster that they're working on?
Well, actually the, so the, the MIDI stuff like the, the Rock Band 3 keyboard itself
is MIDI out ready.
It has, it is a MIDI keyboard and, um, they, on November 28th, they'll have a breakout
box, uh, for real professional MIDI instruments and just to plug it in directly into, uh,
the console itself.
I can't, I can't tell you how excited I am for Pro Mode keyboards.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
And that's, that's, that's, that's beauty because you can do Pro Mode with the Rock
Band.
Yeah.
Keyboard.
I mean, the, the only thing that you out and out need new equipment for is guitar for Pro
in regards to Pro Mode.
Drums, you do need the add on the, for the extra simples.
You're talking about the new ones cause the old ones kind of suck.
Well they're not doing a new, new Rock Band drum set.
They fixed the cymbals a bit.
They made it more sensitive.
But the cymbals, the add on pack is new, but they're not, there's no Rock Band 3 drum base,
you know, the, the base of the drum kit.
There's no new Rock Band 3 one.
It's just, they're now packaging it with the new, uh, cymbals.
They don't have Pro Mode for singing in there.
No.
Well, what, what is Pro Mode?
Well, you get harmonies.
Pro Mode's Oom-Loud.
Ah, nice.
Like that.
And honestly, if you go into whatever the hard mode is, it's pretty hard.
Yeah.
On Beatles Rock Band, I mean, these are songs that I grew up with that I wasn't hitting
perfectly.
So.
It, it, I also do want, you know, John Drake will, will thank me for this, you know, Pro
Mode is great when you want to go to Pro Mode, but don't feel that you're losing the essence
of Rock Band if that, that just doesn't attract you.
Um, I've actually, we're actually discussing taking a guitar, Pro Guitar off the table
for Oom-Loud just because it's too new.
It's an instrument switch and we want to focus on performance, you know, people performing
and not just going on this technical prowess.
I think you, you would be fair to say, you know what, it's too much of a pain in the
butt to swap out the guitars every time.
Now all you have to say is those guitars are too damn expensive.
Done.
Sorry.
Uh-uh.
We sold the guitar and gave the money to kids.
Deal.
All right.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week you want to share with us?
Um, a little bit of a Scott Pilgrim, trying to finish that out, but then Costume Quest
came out.
So there's that.
All right.
Since I, I'm going to get crap from Bobby Blackwell if I don't try to try to get you
free info on this at some point, because since you haven't brought it up, your day job, you
do work for a certain developer out there that makes a lot of amazing adventure games.
Um, is Back to the Future as awesome as it sounds?
Oh, it sounds awesome.
Because if you go to TelltaleGames.com and go to the blog tab, you'll, it's on game trailers,
but we just, or Telltale just posted the quick little interview with the voice of Marty McFly,
who, it isn't Michael J. Fox, though, he, he did give likeness rights and all that.
And I'm trying to...
He sounds very close to Michael J. Fox.
Yeah, and let's not forget Michael J. Fox is about twice as old as he was when the movie
first came out, so, you know.
And I, I still have to say, he didn't give his likeness rights for the pinball table,
so this is kind of big.
Um, AJ LaRosso, I'm, I'm probably mispronouncing his last name and I apologize, but all I'm
just going to say, go to the video and, and, and, and you'll, you'll hear how good it sounds.
Now did you get Biff?
Uh, I, you know, AJ is doing a great job with sticking on target, um, uh, we do also have
Christopher Lloyd as, as doc, he's voicing and everything.
You need to seriously get him to say every word in the dictionary because that guy is
not getting it.
Get him while he can.
Yeah, get the phenom table on him, yeah.
All right, I'm not going to pry too much on the day job because I respect that, you know,
you're a friend and we don't want to see you get fired for saying too much on the show.
Well, talk about my game, like, puzzle issue.
Let's talk about what's out.
Puzzle agent.
Yes.
Puzzle agent.
Uh, which is actually, um, uh, art style of Graham Annabelle, um, who, uh, does the dank
or dunk depending on what mood he's in, uh, comics on the telltalegames.com website and
also has a lot of, uh, video shorts and we made a game with really his art style, but
new characters of Nelson Tethers, puzzle agent, the single agent of the FBI department of
puzzle research.
Cool.
Uh, they have that.
They do now.
They do now.
Uh, and, uh, it, it was, it was a great game to work on.
Uh, it, it was the, the first full-time content programming title that I worked on, um, at
Telltale and it's just, it was really fun working with it.
It was, I also did some puzzle design.
Mine's the second puzzle you show up, a few spruced around in there and the last puzzle.
So, uh, I, I won't give away what they are because you should play them, but, uh, no,
it's, it's, it's a, it's, it's a puzzle game with a plot and we try to do, made the, make
the puzzles, at least the, the critical path ones, uh, relevant to the plot enough.
Uh, you know, obviously there's a suspension of disbelief, but try to not do something
like, I, I can tell you this key important thing you need to know about the plot, but
first, here's a puzzle of matchsticks.
Uh, but, um, uh, apparently we're having just, we're having drama.
The cat's like, she looked like she wanted to get out and then, and then the moment Rob
moved away, she's like, nah, sorry about that.
It's quite all right, um, but, uh, no, it's a puzzle of its own that the cat's trying
to solve.
She's having a whole little puzzle thing down here of her own, so, sorry, but, uh, no, it's,
it's a nice little fun game.
It's out on platforms, uh, iPhone and PC, right?
iPhone, PC and Mac.
Oh, okay.
And Mac.
Yep.
Can't forget them.
Uh, yeah.
Okay.
I think I've plugged enough.
All right.
No, that's no problem.
We, we appreciate, uh, you being here.
You can plug whatever.
Um, I'm not gonna, I don't, I don't even know what you're working on now.
You probably couldn't talk about it anyway.
Um, but, uh, best of luck with all the upcoming projects over there at Telltale and keep up
the good work.
Oh, and just saying, there really, really should be an Elvira adventure game.
Just so that you haven't heard last week's show, we're just thinking, you know, speaking
of celebrities you want to get for the two old Elvira really needs a good, good game
treatment.
So just something to think about for next Halloween.
Okay.
Just throwing that out there.
Okay.
Uh, let's see.
I was trying to think what it was.
I knew there was a game.
Yes.
It was the Elvira game.
What was it?
Was it Golden Girls?
No, that wasn't.
Well, that too, actually.
But that's, that's going to be a little hard to do now.
Yeah.
You're not going to really be able to get Bea Arthur, but you might be able to get the
drag queens that play the Golden Girls in San Francisco around the Thanksgiving season.
Forget it.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
My gaming week.
I was all excited this week because Alan actually bought me a game and you'll appreciate this.
Alan actually bought me a copy of Poker Night.
Oh, bless his heart.
Yes.
He bought me a copy of Poker Night because Steam was having an awesome little pre-order
thing on it and he's like, oh Rob, I bought you a game.
Let's play the game.
And then it's like, oh, the game's not out yet.
Yeah.
Not quite out yet.
But I'll be ready to go.
Day one.
So thanks for that, Seg.
No problem.
I had to rash on that at some point, but no, I obviously it's, it's, it's going to be cute.
You know, I'm, I'm not, I get, okay, I'll plug Poker Night.
Fine.
I'm not, I'm not looking for anything like, like my expectations going into this game
are not like, I'm, my world is going to be rocked.
It's just going to be like, it's going to be a cute poker game with funny characters.
Well, we've, we've, we've been telling people like, yes, it's, it's Texas Hold'em Poker
with, uh, Tycho, uh, the Heavy from TF2, Max of Salmon Max and Strong Bad.
And it has more dialogue than any single episode of a Telltale game.
Wow.
So, you know, it's not going to be five lines repeated for every single play all the time.
Every, you know, there's, there's going to be some variety to it.
You know, and it's five bucks, you know, selling those like hotcakes at PAX actually, because
we also threw in a poster with it.
Nice.
I tried for three days to buy it.
What, how does that work?
My PayPal hasn't ever, hasn't ever gone through, so.
Well, now whose fault is that?
Not mine.
It's Valve's problem, Steam or whatever.
But uh, yeah, so Poker Night is, is coming out soon.
Yeah.
And, uh, they haven't even told me, so.
I know, it's all good.
So, all right.
Well, that's, that's, that's really cool to know there's all that dialogue, because honestly,
my expectations going in, I was thinking, okay, this is just going to be like an Xbox
Live Arcade style poker game with, you know, characters I recognize.
So that's cool.
That's, that's, I hope there's a lot of trash talking.
That sounds like it could be, could be a part of it with all that dialogue.
Mouths are said.
Words come out of mouths.
There may or may not be playing cards in the game in some shape or fashion in Poker Night.
All right, no, all right, all that stuff aside.
So I have that to look forward to.
I will say a game I did buy on Steam that is out and has been out for a month that I
played this week.
The listeners should be very proud of me because I don't think WoW was the game I played the
most this week, shock and awe, but World of Warcraft was probably actually down there
on the ladder this week because I finally got Civilization V on Steam and I've been
playing the heck out of Civilization V because it's, um, it's great.
It is probably, I haven't decided if I like it more than four yet because I haven't truly
got to the end of a game yet because it is so long.
Oh my gosh.
But it's good.
That's a good thing.
But I definitely like, it's way better than two or three in my opinion, way, way better
than three, that's for sure.
But it's great.
Um, the hex tile thing is actually one of the things I noticed the least.
It's a very fluid transition for the series and a very kind of like logical next step.
I really like a lot of the subtle changes they made.
I like the fact you can't stack armies on top of each other and just like super army.
I kind of like the fact that only one unit can defend a city so you can't have these
Uber cities, you know, and just, just kind of like all these, like really, it makes you
kind of have to think a different way.
I like that they have talent trees that they call social policies basically.
That's kind of a neat addition.
There's all these cool little things they've added, very customizable games, lots of difficult,
lots of difficulty levels, lots of sizes.
The city states thing is really neat.
I didn't think I would like it at first.
A city state is basically a whole new civilization that is only ever one city.
They don't aspire to grow.
They don't aspire to do anything but exist in their little city state, but they can really
make you or break you because if you, if you treat them well, then they give you gifts.
They're like, we like you have a rifleman army courtesy of us.
Or they might say, you are a jerk.
We are going to pay the French to try to kill you, but ultimately they will surrender as
they did to me earlier in the week.
I got the French to surrender.
Big surprise.
That's like getting the sun to shine.
I just had to work that in there somehow.
Not only did I get the French to surrender, but the French gave me Pittsburgh.
Really how they had that, or no, sorry, Philadelphia.
How they had Philadelphia, I don't know, but I got it now.
All of those sandwiches are so French, maybe the bread.
It's now a Greek city in my game because of course I'm playing as Alexander the grape.
Do you remember Otter Pops when you had Alexander the grape?
Yes, I do.
I want one.
All right.
Okay.
It's not the show if we don't talk about food.
I know.
I know.
All right.
So step five.
Awesome.
Loving it.
I haven't even touched the multiplayer end of it yet because I'm afraid to play against
it because they're very good.
Yeah, I haven't even done that.
But long games.
Like I am seriously playing on short mode and I've probably, like the shortest turns
there is, and I've probably sunk at least a good three to four hours in this game and
it's not done yet.
Like I'm just now getting into like having like artilleries.
Well, part of the game is-
Well, it wasn't my city.
Okay.
I'm just saying you said the French gave it to you when you were in Greece.
It's kind of interesting how that worked out.
Okay.
I totally forgot what I was going to say.
Oh yeah.
It's impressive is like you can always save, but it's always that one more turn.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh God.
Yes.
That's what makes fun because it's always one more turn.
I didn't go to bed till one AM the other night because of one more turn.
Just one more turn and Paris will be mine.
And it was.
So just saying.
The Fazenator said a junk ferret running around Paris will get France to surrender.
By the way, I do want to also acknowledge our chat room.
I've been such a bad boy.
I haven't acknowledged chat all night long, chat.orangelaundry.com.
Please join.
They've actually been a little bit quiet tonight.
I don't know.
Chat room.
Rob needs a spanking.
Memorized by my voice.
Maybe they're...
Yes.
Maybe they're just...
Well, of course, sadly, we don't have a whole lot of people from the Bay Area.
So I think we got a lot of people that are kind of like, oh, sounds cool, but plane tickets
cost a lot.
Yeah.
But we do have...
I know a lot of podcastees in the Bay, so hopefully we'll see a lot of them at the show.
I know I'm going to go come hell or high water, so I'll be there for sure.
Well, also, actually, for the...
I don't know about other local physical events happening yet for Child's Play, but there's
also Desert Bus for Hope, the loading ready run guys.
They're starting...
I want to say them...
Actually, I know.
I got it on the calendar.
So these are the folks that play Desert Bus as a marathon run for Child's Play charity,
and they start November 19th, unless things changed around a bit, but they'll do the live
stream and all that on the 19th, which is definitely interesting to watch because, yes,
they're playing Desert Bus, but they're also a comedy troupe, so they really make it a
telethon show with it.
Awesome.
I've tuned into a little bit of it before.
It's funny.
It's funny sometimes.
Also...
What a crap game to be playing.
Hmm?
What a crap game to be playing.
Yeah.
So long.
But...
That's the joke.
Hey, thanks for the money.
All right.
And also, UmLoud will be streamed live.
I forgot about that.
So starting at 7 p.m. California time, go to timeanddate.com to figure out what that
means for you.
The event will be streamed live, so you can actually watch the performances.
The UmLoud website will change over to that mode when it's actually happening.
And last year, weren't you the most streamed event in the lounge's history or something?
Well, no.
We killed their internet.
Good job.
Well, we didn't kill it, but we were the most...
The one event that used the internet the most, this being from a venue that is currently
owned by one of the co-founders of Netscape, so we're very proud of that, and they actually
increased wireless capacity after that.
I don't want to say it's because of us, but, you know, feather in our cap.
All right.
Congratulations on that.
Thank you.
All right.
One more game that I played this week I want to talk about is DJ Hero 2.
Even though Loki kind of already talked about that a little bit, I just want to give my
spin on it, pun intended.
I wasn't going to buy the game originally because I was like, oh, you have 60 bucks.
I don't know.
I played it in one of those in-store demos, and I was like, okay, I guess I got to buy
this because it actually is really fun.
They've actually changed a lot about the default interface, and it's not just the vocals that
have changed, but now they have freestyle cross-fading, freestyle button pressing that
makes a lot more sense than it did in the first game where you had, you know, yeah,
boy, over and over again with the button.
I love the way they're doing the freestyling now.
It's so much better.
And the freestyle cross-fades are great, and the scratching zones are really cool, so many
more ways to freestyle and really ruin such great songs.
I do appreciate all of that they've thrown in the interface.
The head-to-head modes are more interesting.
I like the interface as a whole.
Even though the black and white look is a little bit, like, too plain, I just kind of
like the construction of the game a lot more than I did the first mix.
So it's a worthy upgrade in the interface and what it brings to the table.
I gotta be honest, though.
I don't think the song list is as good as the first game, at least the parts I've played
so far.
There have been a few really good mixes.
Like there's this one I can't even get out of my head.
It's the one that has Rihanna's Rude Boy in it that I can't get that sample out of my
head.
I'm a rude boy, boy.
I'm a rude...
And it's mixed with some other, like, slower R&B song.
It's a really good mix.
There was some, like, weird ones that I didn't recognize the song.
There was one with a Tiesto song that was, like, an R&B song or something mixed with
it.
It was surprisingly good, actually.
I will hopefully play those during the break.
I'm attempting...
This is like disarming a bomb over here.
It's all right.
It's all right.
If it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out.
No, it's gonna work.
I've got the stuff to make it work.
It's gonna work!
You don't understand, Rob.
We're not gonna stop and ask for directions.
All right.
One more bit of housekeeping.
Please.
Contest!
Yes.
Well, I wasn't done with my gaming week, but that's okay.
They didn't finish.
I got a cookie.
I don't know what else to say about DJ Hero 2 that Loki didn't already say.
If you like the first game, you're gonna like this game.
I'm just a little bit disappointed in the soundtrack.
There's some really good songs, though, don't get me wrong, and I think there's something
for everyone here, but let me just put it this way.
Like, I was threatened with domestic repercussions by my significant other if I played any song
that had Soulja Boy in it one more time, so just putting that out there.
If you're not a fan of some of these big club hits, you're gonna be in for a world of pain,
so that's it.
All right.
Now we can get to housekeeping.
Join our Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
Join our Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Dark Soccer has a contest.
Okay.
This is our contest, and the prize is going to be a code for Xbox Live to play Castlevania
Symphony of the Night, which is a fun game, one of my favorites.
The question is really easy, and we are going to be taking an emailer at a random number,
which we will decide by literally rolling a die on the show.
This is in relation to Comic Insanity, which is the other podcast that I do, and we broadcast
every... We're actually up on Infamous, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.net on Mondays is when the new podcast is up.
The question you have to answer is what is the name of he who shall not be named on Comic
Insanity?
I'll give you a clue.
We hate him.
That so narrows it down.
Wow.
That could be anybody.
It's me.
Then you can send your emails to... I guess go ahead and send it to the mailbag here.
I'll check it.
Mailbag at OrangeDownsRadio.com.
I will sift through it, and we will roll a number at random, and I'll pick a name.
Awesome.
Now the other contest.
More?
Which isn't us, but a lot of people would be interested in this.
Also at Infamous.net, there is a contest to win a bunch of Blizzard goodies from Blizzcon.
If you missed it, there's stuff for you.
There are free pets, Cataclysm stuff.
There's also a demo of Starcraft 2, and a few Starcraft 2 lithos, and some goodies.
Lots of goodies.
Lots of stuff.
What do I have to do?
Just send it a name?
You have to go to Infamous.net and click on the contest link, and it's, again, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.net
... and click on the Blizzard contest.
Follow the directions.
You just basically have to fill out your information, let them know what you're looking most forward
to for Cataclysm, which, you know what my response was?
Nothing.
Except maybe Plants vs. Zombies, but I don't play World of Warcraft, so, meh.
You've been tempted to go back a couple times, though.
I have been.
Don't make me go find the time stamps.
Well, just because Tiara told me that leveling is faster now.
It is.
And in Cataclysm, it's going to be even better.
I hated leveling in freakin' World of Warcraft, so...
Boo hoo.
Alright.
I'm just messing.
Star Trek Online is much more fun, because I can kill Borg and play with Klingons.
How's that working out for you?
Stupid fuckin' Borg.
Alright.
Anyhow.
I hate you, Borg.
You know what's funny?
I was on TV today, and I had to let my son watch it.
Wrath of Khan in HD.
I was like, well, Josh, this is the best Star Trek movie ever, so you better watch.
Unfortunately, he fell asleep, but that's not, that's not to say he was bored.
He just...
He's tired.
Well, baby, sleep.
Have you taken him to the theater yet?
Make sure that you take him to an epic movie in the theater when he's still an infant,
so that can be his first movie.
Definitely.
Mine was Star Wars.
Good stuff.
Yep.
Alright.
Well, this might be a new record, guys.
We're an hour into the show, and we have yet to touch gaming news.
Woo hoo!
Woo hoo!
That's alright, so we're gonna kinda quickly move through some gaming news tonight.
Uh, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Some gaming news, if you can get away through the MacGyver stuff for a moment, I don't know.
I got the work, by the way.
Um, of course.
I am awesome like that.
Xbox.com has gotten a makeover to kind of update everything, you know, with the new
dashboard updates coming soon and whatnot.
They've added avatar editors on the actual website, so now you don't have to wait till
you get to your console to make your avatar look neat.
Um, then also, apparently, they're gonna add some multiplayer web games, which, um, that's
cool, I guess.
I don't know if it's gonna be some more stuff that you can, um, do for, like, eh, if it's
gonna tie in with different games, you know, like how they did with Crackdown and Facebook
games and stuff, um, perhaps, but, uh, right now they're saying that they're gonna be able
to play web games with your Xbox Live friends on the web or on Windows Phone 7, and, um,
I'm sure those will be fun.
Yeah.
Uh, and this is all, of course, uh, this already came out this week, and, um, so go check it
out.
Are any of those free games available yet?
The web stuff, or?
They were just teasing them.
Yeah.
They haven't really made them available yet, but the avatar editor's there, so you can
check that out at least.
They'll be coming out soon.
Um, yeah, I'm glad that they actually updated the website, because there was a lot of stuff
that was broken on there, like, you know, links to games and stuff, you're, okay, I
wanna look up stuff about Crackdown 2, okay, that page doesn't exist.
Well, when was the last time they changed that, that, the look of the page?
I think it was even before the-
The new Xbox experience.
I think it was before the Xbox 360's launch, I mean-
Yeah.
No, I wanna say they had a change.
I wanna say they did change it with MXC.
No, I think they did update it with the 360.
Yeah.
I mean, it seems that they're doing this, this was more of, in line with the Windows
phone, and all that, and they're trying to-
Yeah, they're really pushing this-
They're really pushing the phone, because, you know, let's face it, they're a competitor.
Yeah.
Well, and let's also not forget that, you know, there's some stories this week about
how AT&T is really starting to get behind these phones, because the rumors are starting
to snowball a little more that they are going Verizon with the iPhone in 2011.
And so AT&T is actually going to start pushing a lot more the Windows phone, I mean, not
to say they're not gonna sell the iPhone anymore, but they're gonna also be pushing the Windows
phones-
Diversify the portfolio.
Exactly, exactly.
So, it'll be interesting to see if there's any truth to these so-called rumors.
The thing I will say about this with the Xbox.com site that I wish Sony would do, is when you
hear about a game that's available as a downloadable service, at least with Xbox, you can, if you're
at work and you hear about it, you can buy it on the site, and you don't have to be at
your Xbox, and you can make that purchase or say, okay, I want the demo.
So then, when you get back to your Xbox, it'll be downloaded, waiting for you, and remind
you that you wanted to look at the thing and play it.
There's also just a lot more content on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
There's always at least a couple games coming out each week, versus Sony, there may be a
game coming out that week.
It's not consistent.
Unless you count-
No, it's being consistent.
It's-
Unless you count their old PlayStation 1 classics that they're putting out.
I mean, they could, really, for the both of them, they need to make, well, Xbox needs
to make their indie game service or whatever, community games, however the fuck they're
calling it now, they need to make it more like the App Store, where it's not just games,
it's applications and stuff, and make it more, instead of just, oh, kind of, we're putting
this in the back corner of our Marketplace, make it more-
Showcased.
Yes, exactly, because with the App Store, it's easy to spend money like crazy on a
thing, and if they made it more like that, and had like, okay, hey, look, this feature
now has, you know, weather updates, and this app does, you know, this and this, you know,
I think that would be beneficial for them, especially since they don't have a web browser.
All right, well, I will say, though, one thing about the website, one thing I tried to look
up was the Game Room website, yeah, I wasn't there, I had to do a search for it, something
not pretty is going on with Game Room, I'm sorry to say, but we'll see, just to kind
of follow up a little bit from last week.
Let me move on with some of the other big, big news this week, of course, something that
was on a lot of people's minds, and this is really one of those, like, either you were
watching every second of it, or you just kind of didn't care, BlizzCon was going on this
weekend.
Surprisingly, though, not quite the amount of information I think folks were expecting
out of BlizzCon this year.
Yes, there were some announcements, there were a few things, Diablo 3 seemed to be the
most announcements, which wasn't a huge surprise to anyone, really, because we all know that
Blizzard is pushing Diablo 3.
Diablo 3's latest class, the Demon Hunter, is revealed, and that is supposedly the last
class that's going to be in the game.
Also, PvP Battle Arenas, that does sound kind of cool, that is also coming to Diablo 3.
Those are some of the big announcements.
One thing that was missing, though, was when?
Not even a hint of a quarter or a year, really, for Diablo 3, so we're all left to just speculate
as to the release date, otherwise it's pretty much just soon.
On the World of Warcraft front, there really wasn't a lot to say.
Cataclysm is coming out on December 7th.
One of the things they confirmed is that they are going to be doing digital distribution
day one.
You will be able to download Cataclysm and play the minute it launches, which some might
see as kind of a kick in the gut to some of the Game Stops and Best Buys of the world.
Of course, you won't be able to get the Collector's Edition online.
Maybe this is just a way for Blizzard to get people to buy both.
I don't know, because I do know people that will buy both.
They will buy this just so they can be there minute one, and then they'll go buy the Collector's
Edition, because they are suckers.
Addicts!
Yes, and addicts.
Buy more stuff.
I love them, but they're addicts and suckers.
Alright.
Also, the Moonkin Hatchling is going to be the next World of Warcraft pet that is sold
in the store.
The rumor is it's another charity pet.
I really couldn't get clear one way or the other if it's a charity pet or not, but they
have confirmed that that is coming to the store.
Starcraft 2 is going to be getting some scenarios for it.
One of them is a Defense of the Ancients scenario, also Bejeweled and Left 4 Dead, some other
interesting little kind of like versions of those in Starcraft 2.
But I find the Defense of the Ancients one of the most interesting, because Valve, of
course, has their Defense of the Ancients game.
They actually got the people who originally did the mod now work at Valve, but yet Blizzard
is now going to make their own.
It's very interesting.
So you're going to have Starcraft, or what they're calling Blizzard Defense of the Ancients,
is going to be coming to Starcraft 2 soon.
Again, no date there.
So yep, folks went to BlizzCon.
Some guy broke his leg while dancing.
Tenacious D played.
People spent 150 bucks.
Hope you guys found it worth it.
I really don't have any interest.
As much as I'm an addict of War Program, I have no interest in BlizzCon.
You know what?
It's also $150.
What's that, Seg?
Ultimate Band Package for Umcloud on sale on November 1st.
And I tell you, that's probably more exciting.
That's probably a better deal.
Honestly, you guys, maybe you can't say this year, are you guys doing the swag bag again
for the Ultimate Bands this year?
Oh yeah, I mean we don't know what's going to be in it, but we're going to do a bag.
You're probably going to get better shit in those bags than you do in the BlizzCon bags.
I think the BlizzCon bags...
I can say that too, you'll get better stuff.
Did they even get a pet this year in the BlizzCon bags?
Yeah, they got another, it was another Murloc, I think.
It was...
That, yeah.
That's it.
It was a Deathwing Murloc, I think.
So many.
Was that correct?
That's part of the giveaway.
There's so many.
They can go win one off Infamous Gamers and don't spend $150 to get a swag bag.
I actually looked at the live blog for it, and I was like, so they announced a new class
for Diablo, and that was it?
I wonder if they didn't originally intend to announce the date for Cataclysm, but they
got beaten to it by an inadvertent leak, because they were able to deduce, MMO-Champion deduced
the release date of the game by things that were delivered in one of the patches.
I'm not going to get into all the specifics, I don't want to bore the non-WOW players.
But basically...
There was some update that was supposed to happen a week after the Cataclysm event came
out, and they dated that update, so...
Yes.
Exactly.
And we have deduced that it is December 7th.
So anyhow, that's what went on at BlizzCon, otherwise you had angry gamers asking questions
and raging in the microphone at Blizz developers, because everybody's so mature, so that's all
the stuff you missed.
I tried to get people on Twitter to, I'm like, if you're going to rage question, then at
least rage question about real ID.
Do something that actually affects your real life, instead of like, stop nerfing my paladin!
But I will say, if I may, since I am a Warcraft player and I'm teasing myself here a little
bit.
You may.
That new patch that Blizzard did, although I really like some of the features and some
of the changes they did, boy did they screw some things up.
Like they have this bug in there right now, where like an icon turning into a certain
shape will crash the entire game.
It's called the cogwheel bug.
And what's great about it is that for the Halloween event, in order to summon the Halloween
boss, you gotta click the cogwheel on the Headless Horseman thing, the pumpkin, so pretty
much everybody crashes out.
They've been able to fix it with a third party fix that's available on Curse, but yeah, Blizzard's
too busy throwing their party to really be on top of that right now.
So whatever.
Maybe I won't go back and play it.
This new patch needed a little more testing, but Blizzard really wanted that game out this
year so whatever.
At least it's not as much of a hot mess as another certain MMO that came out and they
had to extend the trial period of the game because it was so terrible.
But anyhow, I'm not gonna go there again for another week.
Alright.
You don't understand, Rob.
It still is the trial part of the game.
It will be the trial part of the game for the next few years.
All I have to say is some of my friends who I was really close with in the game before
that have apparently gone into this new game and have said, oh wow, it's bad.
Like it is really, really bad.
Like I'll stick with Final Fantasy 11.
Pretty well, yes.
I was trying to be nice and not name names.
Final Fantasy 14, that's right.
That's the game that sucks.
Final Fantasy 14 is fucking terrible, ahhh!
It's terrible.
I can't hold it in anymore.
It blows.
It's a brand new game.
We have the same races, but we need them something more ridiculous and it sucks worse.
Although I do remember one MMO that I played that was in beta for like seven years.
Ragnarok.
Ragnarok.
And I played through the whole thing in several different languages.
They better not hear you talking smack on our show or we ban you.
I love Ragnarok.
Permanently.
You know, this must be...
My account can't be banned on Ragnarok, even though I don't play anymore on the IRO server.
Who'd you blow?
Because I was a beta tester.
All the beta accounts that played for the PVP testing got to keep their accounts.
It's good to know.
Yeah.
Alright.
It must be a key to my personality, but the only MMO I've actually played with some length
was Myst Online.
Myst Online was kind of creepy.
Myst Online was a great idea, and man, Zombie Game refused to die.
I mean, that game got relaunched about four times.
And it was great.
It just needed...
There were just things that hung it up on interface-wise.
And narrative-based MMO.
That's a huge beast to fill.
Let's see.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrader.com.
Tigerclaw says, talking about Blizzcon, one fan complained about the WoW characters looking
like they came from Victoria's Secrets.
The developer replied, what magazine do you want them to look like?
Penthouse!
Jeremy Todd 1 in our chat says, all the WoW players moved on to a better game.
Hello Kitty Island Adventures.
You know what's funny?
Is that we were at Target the other day, and there was Final Fantasy XIV sitting on the
shelf, and Alan's like, you should buy that.
He's like, hey, hey, you should buy that.
You should buy that.
I'm like, I will buy this before I buy that, and I pointed at Hello Kitty Online.
You know that Hello Kitty is getting her first Wii game coming in November.
No one curr.
Alright.
What?
You're not a fan.
I remember me picking up a certain Batsmaru Hello Kitty game, and Rob going, oh girl,
I want to play that!
And me lending it to him.
Says the person that has the Hello Kitty toaster.
I deny these allegations.
And Coffee Baker.
All of them.
I actually, I actually got.
And a Hello Kitty TV.
Hold on.
Actually, it was a Disney Princess TV for one.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's much better.
I gave it to a seven-year-old girl, and the Hello Kitty Coffee Maker is no more.
It's gone.
I got a real Coffee Maker.
Yeah, I know.
Alright, anyhow.
You know what, Rob?
If you really want to be cool, you'll just get a French press.
Rob blinks.
Moving on with more gaming news.
Someone's phone farted.
Well, this is a lot more cool than, a lot cooler than World of Warcraft, as I mess up
my adjectives.
Space Channel 5 Part 2, yes, the one with the full-on thriller Dance with Space Michael
and apparently Ulala grabbing her crotch, is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation
Network, along with Sega Bass Fishing.
We will see them in early 2011, and the good thing about Space Channel 5 Part 2 is that
we never got it in North America, so this means we get to play it.
Like, there's really a whole bunch of Japanese in it to change.
I mean...
Didn't we get, we got it on PlayStation 2 version, didn't we?
Yeah, I think so.
I don't know.
I've got the Japanese one.
With that freaking hard one where it does all the stuff and you have to do it backwards?
Oh my god.
Anyway, so yeah, but it's a Mizuguchi game.
It's really fun.
Space Channel 5, really, really like it, and I love Space Channel 5 Part 2, mainly because
of the thriller dance, the whole section where they do just Michael Jackson dances.
And Pudding is especially fierce in Part 2.
I'm Pudding.
She's my favorite, just for the record.
Pudding is my favorite character.
And Shermie has left the studio.
You notice she did not step on your laptop?
She's good that way.
Good kitty.
Yeah.
Alright.
Crushed his laptop.
She is not that huge, and she knows better than to step on laptops because we got onto
her.
She'll get a kitty spanking.
Alright, moving on.
She likes it.
More gaming news.
Shermie does like spankings, by the way.
We don't need to know that.
She puts her butt-
It's her family show!
You're not her family show.
No, for real.
Like, if you-
Fuck family shows!
If you pet her on her lower back, she'll stick her butt up in the air and start purring.
I don't need to know what your cat's into.
Does your cat want a leather harness for Christmas?
No, she's not into that.
I'm sorry, your Hanukkah?
My cat's not Jewish.
She's agnostic.
Okay.
Apparently, there was a re- or, Ubisoft is recalling Shaun White's skateboarding on the
PlayStation 3, which means I'm gonna have a lot of fuckin' work to do tomorrow because
they've already shipped them all to us so that we got them to our customers, so we're
gonna have to do a bunch of fuckin' returns on it.
But apparently, and this was coming from some big name retailers, they're saying that there
is issues with quality of the game, apparently, according to Sony, it says there was a manufacturing
issue with misprinted disc at Sony Computer Entertainment America, and the wrong version
of Shaun White's skateboarding PS3 was shipped to retailers.
We were working with Ubisoft to correct the issue.
New PS3 copies will be shipped to North American retailers by Thursday, October 28th, and it
will be available by that weekend.
Thanks.
Thanks for all the work, you fuckin' dumbasses.
Duh, we printed it wrong!
Well, now Loki mistakes happen.
Yeah.
Whatever.
You just don't like having the work.
Was there some Arab song in this that someone got offended about, you know, playing the
beta or something, like LittleBigPlanet?
I did get one of those copies, and really, it was stupid.
I liked it better with the lyrics in the game.
I think Shaun White's skateboarding is intentionally supposed to be that bad, so that's a feature.
Is this a big title, or is this...
No.
I'm like, how many people buy this game?
Most people are like, Shaun White?
Who the fuck's he?
Isn't that the snowboarder?
Isn't that the guy that looks like Carrot Top?
Yes, it is the guy that looks like Carrot Top.
He actually sk-
I know who it is!
He actually skateboards, but Tony Hawk has a game coming out, you know, Tony Hawk's
charrette, and as far as I'm aware, Tony Hawk does not fucking snowboard, so...
He's a poser.
No.
I don't know.
That game is terrible.
Not the Shaun White game.
Shaun White game is decent, but Tony Hawk's terrible.
Well if Shaquille O'Neal can do everything, like, you know, he had that whole TV show
about Shaquille O'Neal does this and that, then, you know, why can't Tony Hawk decide
to-
And they're doing comic-style art of him.
Shaquille O'Neal?
And, cause, with the new, uh, Celtics lineup.
We, but, you can listen to Infamous, uh,.NET's, uh, Comic Insanity for that.
Plug plug.
Uh, Salacious Pop is bringing us some LOLs in chat, um, has anyone actually seen Shaun
White?
What he needs is a line of shampoo and hair care, not video games.
Uh, also, Salacious Pop, uh, mentioning Shermie, was, uh, walking out, and Salacious Pop was
suggesting, um, uh, talk about the Sony move so she'll poop in the hall.
She does that, every time we bring it up, she goes out in the hall and takes a big crap.
I've got something better, um, I, uh, noticed when I was in the Sony Marketplace this weekend
that there is a preview download for, is Shermie listening?
Shermie, the tester season 2 has a preview trailer available.
Do not get my cat to take a crap, because guess who has to clean that shit up?
Me!
Literally.
Just say, the tester season 2, Shermie.
And again, disclaimer, my cat is old and fat and can't get to the bathroom easily.
She's fat and sassy.
Let's talk about something else that's going to be very sassy, at least for, uh, fans of
these series.
As long as it doesn't involve cat shit.
No, it doesn't involve that.
Uh, Professor Layton and Phoenix Wright are going to be colliding.
Worlds are colliding in a new 3DS adventure.
What I love about this is that these are, like, two very culty kind of games on the
DS.
Like, either you play them and you love them, or you're like, what is this, I don't even
know.
So, somehow, and I, of course I'm looking at this going, how does this even work?
How do these two games even, alright, whatever.
Did you watch the trailer?
I didn't, to be honest.
Oh, no, the Japanese trailer is out.
Yeah, there's actually a good high res one out, though.
Oh, is there?
Yeah.
Um, but it was really cool.
I sat and watched the whole thing going, haha, I can only understand half of this.
Well, and it's going to be on the 3DS, and that's kind of awesome.
That's the noise you hear in the background, by the way, is a little bit of the trailer,
but that's like somebody filming an actual screen there.
But anyhow, this is one of the four surprise titles that Level 5 has been working on.
They are doing this whole, it's a combination of puzzles and crime mystery.
You know, I guess that could kind of make sense.
Are they biting a little bit from the other puzzle game?
This is the FBI, the whole FBI investigation, this is starting to sound a little familiar.
Say, guys, you might want to look into exploring a lawsuit on this, I don't know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm just starting crap.
You know, I mean, I'm excited for it.
You know, I mean, it's the kind of thing of like, this can go horribly, horribly wrong,
but there's a chance that it can go horribly, horribly right.
But it'll be in 3D!
Well, no, but seriously, though, I wait in eager anticipation to what this turns out.
I haven't read up on it or anything, I don't think they even published much to anything,
and it's probably in Japanese, and I'm a Gaijin, that's the right word, right?
If you were in Japan, then yeah, you'd be Gaijin, but no, it's great, it starts off
with someone being interviewed in court, and then you see the professor there, he's like,
oh, talking, talking, and all of a sudden, this finger pops up, and this guy comes out
of the shadows and goes, subscribe mas!
As in, objection.
Objection!
That means you're wrong.
I love this way it's described here by Level 5 president Akihiro Hino, quote, two TV shows
getting together and making a movie.
So it's like Facts of Life meets Golden Girls, basically.
There's got to be tons of cinematics from what they should, the trailer was long.
I mean, really long.
Well, I bet that's going to be pretty awesome, actually, so.
Very cool.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us before we get into release dates?
Something that's even better than Sonic 4.
And you know how we feel about Sonic 4.
I mean, aw, okay.
There are a group of Sonic fans, actually two people, that brought out something called
Sonic Fan Remix that is actually absolutely gorgeous.
I played it before the show, and didn't you think it was?
It was pretty.
It was pretty.
Very pretty.
It's got different mechanics from different Sonic games thrown in, except for the Dash
thing.
It looks gorgeous.
I really think that, now one thing that I did notice when reading up on this is that
they actually brought in tons of elements from Sonic CD, which that's really how it
felt to me, playing, like it is playing Sonic CD.
But they're doing so much of a better job than what Sega is doing, I mean, Sega should
just be like, hey, we like you.
But the people that are doing it is Pelican 13 and Mercury.
The demo is out to download.
You can go to Sonic Retro and find it.
They also do have a direct, let me get the link for it real quick, because there actually
is a direct...
There's some comments from our chat about this from some people that have played it.
Burr is in our chat room and says, my only criticism of Sonic Fan Remix is the backgrounds
are so busy it can be hard to see.
That's the problem that I had with it, too.
I mean, really, that was the one problem I had with it.
Okay, the website is just SonicFanRemix.com, all one word except for the dot com, which
is a dot and a comma.
All right, how long until Sega files a lawsuit?
Anyone, anyone, anyone?
Anyone?
Sega should be embarrassed.
And then they'll file a lawsuit.
No, seriously, Rob, bring up the trailer, play some of the music, because the music
is gorgeous.
Sure.
Let me bring that up here from the website.
What did you think?
Yeah, my only, you know, I didn't, I was just looking over your shoulder for it, but definitely
the backgrounds are sort of like, too busy and it kind of illustrates how they're really
going to 11 with the art, like, hey, look what we're doing, and gets a little too, just
on the edge of showboaty with it.
Yeah.
But not stupid.
It's noticeable, but it's not stupid.
It's not completely detrimental to the game itself.
I think it'd be something to get used to.
Very pretty looking.
I love some of the like interactive backgrounds, even though, yeah, the multi-layered background
thing can get a little busy, but it kind of detracts.
I really love some of what they did with it.
Looks hot.
I like it when it gets into my favorite part of this music.
Kudos.
Oh, which was next?
Oh, I'm sorry.
There you go.
There you go.
Yeah.
All right.
I love that, that little like shark thing that jumps out as he's running over the bridge.
It's like a big killer whale, I think.
Little touches like that are awesome.
And it even knocks, the blocks are all that same checkerboard pattern all around it.
It's pretty fantastic.
I'd have to say that this is an epic job and I hope it doesn't get shut down the way that
the Chrono Trigger thing was, because that was also awesome.
Well, Burr apparently has been following this pretty closely.
He has a follow-up comment here in our chat room at chat.orangewise.com.
The people on the forums about it say Sega won't do anything about it.
Not sure why they're so confident.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, definitely worth checking out.
Grab it now until it becomes a problem.
That's my suggestion.
All right.
Let's go get some release dates.
So, Loki, I know there's a lot this week, but I just want to point out we're already
at an hour and a half for part A, so.
In other words, if we cut out the Hello Kitty games, I think we'll be okay.
No, don't worry.
I won't read any Hello Kitty.
I need more Hello Kitty!
Uh, Shaun White's skateboarding actually came out today on Xbox 360, and we're disavowing
any knowledge of the PS3 version, because that's not yet ready.
The re-release of Dragon Age Origins, the Ultimate Edition, it's packed with all the
download content, including the expansion Awakenings, and you can get that this week.
Family Party 90 Great Games Party Pack that is also a compilation of the last three Family
Party games.
Yeah, I'm sure.
90 awesome games.
Uh, they're really popular, actually.
You'd be surprised.
Um, and like I said, Dragon Age Origins, that was on PC, PS3, and 360.
Art Academy is a collection of two DSi games that came out previously.
That's of course on the DS.
Uh, let's see.
Nerf and Strike.
Man, it's just fucking bundles of stuff.
The N-Strike Double Blast Bundle.
It's with a gun in the two last Nerf N-Strike games.
That's on the Wii.
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts XI with the wireless shotgun, the top shotgun, and that's on Xbox
360 and the PlayStation 3.
Wii has like a gun shell that goes with it, but same type of thing.
Also the game is available by itself on those three platforms as well.
Uh, SBKX on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Smackdown vs. Raw, 2011 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PSP.
Star Wars The Force Unleashed 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, PSP, and PC.
Pets Cats Playground on the DS, Dora the Explorer, Dora's Cooking Club, that's on the
DS.
Sims 3 Late Night Expansion Pack, now you can have your own emo vampires in it.
That's on PC only.
Do they sparkle?
I think they might.
CSI Fail Conspiracy on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Also kind of another game similar to that on the Wii.
Buy CSI.
K. Well you know who makes that game right?
They look terrible though.
I'm hurt.
Well they should try harder.
Just kidding.
Have you ever played one?
I don't watch CSI.
See if it was law and order.
If it was law and order we'd be talking about it.
Don't worry I got your back.
Thanks Rob.
Tony Hawk Shred coming down on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii, just don't buy it seriously.
It's one of those games that requires a stupid skateboard to play.
You know what that really should be?
Skateboarding outside.
Because if you have to buy a skateboard to play a game you should just skateboard.
Done.
Halo, that'd be funny this was Halo, no.
Hasbro Family Game Night, Halo Family Late Night 3.
It's a Spartan good time.
Frag your friends.
Frag grandma.
No Hasbro Family Game Night 3 coming out on the Wii, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Some more games with that.
Okay.
And I doubt that this is coming out on this date because why would you release this a
good week early?
But who knows?
Fighters Uncaged, I believe that's supposed to be coming out in a couple weeks.
But that's the fighting game for the Kinect.
That's of course on Xbox 360.
Imagine Fashion Stylist, another game that you're probably not interested in, that's
on DS.
The Sims 3, that's coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii this week.
DS and PSP as well, I believe.
Deca Sports 3 on the Wii.
And one of my favorite games, Grand Theft Auto IV, they're releasing a complete edition
with both Grand Theft Auto IV and the episodes of Liberty City, all for $39.99.
The Fights Lights Out on PlayStation 3, that is the move fighting game.
That's coming out on PlayStation 3.
Rock Band 3 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Oh I've heard of that one.
Monopoly Streets on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and I believe DS and PSP.
Pets Nursery 2 on DS.
And Lego Universe on PC, that should be pretty big.
Oh that's the MMO, huh?
That is the awesome MMO.
I haven't even heard a darn thing about that game actually, I'm kind of curious now.
Mama is doing everything, now she's crafting.
What kind of crafting?
TF2 crafting?
Arts and crafting.
That is on Nintendo DS.
But don't worry Wii fans, there will be babysitting in your future.
Remington's Super Slam Hunting North America on the Wii.
ZHP Unlosing Ranger vs. Dark Death Evil Man, that's on PSP, it has an awesome title.
Blood Drive on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, that's going to be kind of like a Twisted
Metal type of game, so definitely check that out, I think it could be a sleeper hit.
Imagine Resort Owner, don't even bother.
Mercury Limited Edition, why I keep re-releasing these games, no one bought them in the first
place.
That's on PSP.
And Yu-Gi-Oh! 50's Tag Force 5 on PSP, Fable 3 on Xbox 360, just a little game there.
What's with these tie-ins?
Mega Bloks, Diego's Build and Rescue, what you couldn't spring for the license for Legos?
Oh and Power Geeks coming out this week, not to be outdone by Rock Band, but it will be
outdone by Rock Band.
That's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and it is too damn expensive.
Disney Channel All Stars Party on the Wii, Intellivision lives on the Nintendo DS, and
Chevrolet Camaro on the Wii.
It's lived like every year for the past 10 years in one way or another.
Really guys, still alive?
Like I like Intellivision at all, but it might be time for it to die.
Alright, is that it?
That's it.
Alright, moving on.
Oh, I actually want to read some of the comments from chat, chat.ownerswansradio.com.
Salacious Pop is giving us some dialogue that could be used in the Halo Family Party trailer
actually here at chat.ownerswansradio.com.
Quote, how the hell does grandma keep getting headshots?
She has Parkinson's.
I hate this game.
Mom, granddad teabagged me and called me that mean word for gays and now everyone on my
headset is griefing me and laughing.
Coming to a store near you, Halo Family Party.
Right, Loki?
I'm surprised they haven't gone there yet.
They might.
They might.
We like money, cha-ching.
Alright, moving on to the Japanese release dates on the Xbox 360, Fable 3 gets its Japanese
release on the 28th, Raderji, Noah Massive, yes, Raderji?
I don't even know what this game is, although I, no, yes I have.
This is a shitty game.
Raderji's a shmup.
I've never seen this before.
They have a version of it on DS2, I think.
So yeah, Raderji is finally coming out on the Xbox, so check that out on the 28th.
Also, World Soccer Winning 11 2011 is coming out this week on the Xbox 360 as well.
Moving on to the Playstation 3 and looking at some of the releases there.
Usually they pretty much get ports of the same releases on the Xbox 360, which yes,
World Soccer Winning 11 2011, Rubber Baby Buggy Bumper Edition is coming out this week
in Japan.
Also there is a slim console bundle in 160 and 320 gig models that contain the World
Soccer Winning 11 2011 game, Rubber Baby Buggy Bumper Edition.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii and the games that are coming out there this week.
Really nothing, sadly.
Nothing on the Wii this week, but that's because they got the Kirby Yarn last week just like
we did, so the Wii's a little quieter this week.
DS is a little different because the 25th anniversary DSi is out this week, so that
is a pretty big deal.
Also, Sola Torobo Sore Karakoda E is coming out this week on the DSi.
There's a regular and a collector's edition.
This is like a DSi enhanced version.
It's from the creators of the.hack series.
So it's an action sci-fi fantasy game.
This is awesome.
It's a world ruled by dog people and cat people.
And you play a hunter.
I don't know if you hunt the dog and cat people, but whatever.
Sounds interesting.
Take this, dog people!
It's Alpo.
It's super effective.
On the Sony PSP, God Eater Burst comes out this week.
That doesn't sound sacrilegious at all.
Also Phantom Brave Portable comes out on the PSP this week in Japan.
I've eaten so much God, I'm just gonna burst now.
Dark Sakura?
In the UK, on the 26th, we have BlazBlue Continuum Shift, Death Spank, which is the best name
ever, Splatterhouse, and The Sims 3, are they just getting the Sims 3 expansion?
On the 27th is Bloody Good Time, which I think is a fantastic name too.
On the 28th is Super Scribblenauts, Fable 3, FIFA Manager 11, Football Manager 2011,
which is real football and not what we call football over here.
My Sims Sky Heroes, Rock Band 3, Sean White's Skateboarding, Star Wars The Forest Unleashed
2, The Lord of the Rings Aragorn's Quest, Tony Hawk's Shred, TV Superstars, we sing
Robbie Williams, WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2011.
And on the 30th, we have Sims 3 Late Night.
And since we're not having a show next week, I'll go ahead and say on the 31st is Saw 2.
I like Robbie Williams, like I know he's not a big deal here in the US, but he's pretty
big everywhere else.
Yeah.
I can see why he's getting his own karaoke game.
Alright, let's move on to some more news, and then the Classic Game of the Week is just
a few steps away.
Loki?
Oh yeah.
So this is kind of interesting, apparently, and I actually saw this on the news, which
is kind of weird, but there was a lot of, or it was, I guess, brought up by the Wall
Street Journal that there was a bunch of Facebook applications actually transmitting user IDs
and other information, I guess, to third party advertisers.
And of those applications, I guess, some of them were created by Zynga, including FarmVille.
Apparently the three of the top ten applications, FarmVille, had been transmitting personal
information about users' friends to outside companies.
Of course, your user ID is publicly available and is by itself just a number, however this
data can be, and as apparently the Wall Street Journal reports, is being shared with other
parties specifically.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You mean to tell me that Zynga, the makers of that free FarmVille game and all these
other free games that they knocked off from other companies, you mean Zynga, the company
that's been called pure evil by many people on the internet?
They've been raping my privacy this whole time?
I know.
Who would have thought?
Well, if you're lying.
If I understand it correctly, it wasn't that they're like, hey, here it is, but more of
being able to access that data from other sites.
So the embedded ads and just, it wasn't just like, here you go, please take it.
It was just playing those games made that stuff more accessible to be grabbed and they
took advantage of that.
So wait, Amazon.com might know I'm gay because I've played FarmVille once in my life?
I bet you have terrible taste in games apparently.
Gosh, it keeps trying to, I wondered why it keeps trying to sell me like Will and Grace
even season seven and funny girl on Blu-ray.
I just couldn't figure that out.
And because of this whole leak or whatever, of course what's going to happen?
Some lawyers are going to catch wind of this and they're going to file a class action lawsuit.
And that's what they did.
Apparently-
Because it's the American way.
We're going to sue you about it.
Apparently law firm Edelson McGuire filed a suit with San Francisco federal court, I
guess by St. Paul, Minnesota resident Nancy Graff.
They're seeking monetary relief for those whose data was wrongly shared and injunction
relief to prevent continued privacy abuses.
And it says no specific amount was mentioned regarding the extent of aforementioned monetary
relief, but seeing as how the announcement claims the leak has affected 218 million Facebook
users, we're guessing the damages will be significant or sought will be significant.
Not necessarily what they get.
Well, I don't know.
I would say that's not too uncharacteristic for that company, but that sucks, I guess
if you're into Farmville, but honestly, you know, with Facebook and stuff, a lot of your
information is just kind of out there anyways, even if you're, you know, turning on your
privacy settings and stuff like that.
I just love though how, you know, this couldn't be timed any better because it always seems
like, you know, that guy, that, that bro that runs Facebook is like a billionaire is always
getting up on stage going, Hey, you know, guys, we're really working on the privacy
thing and you know, we want your information to be secure and information and your security
is our number one priority.
And then, you know, it comes out like literally the next day, like Farmville is selling your
information to the devil.
Facebook creator is actually devil.
All right.
Yeah.
So I did, we already went through this debate with a web browser cookies, which is essentially
what's happening only.
It's a different avenue.
It's a super cookie.
It's a super cookie, delicious, but I mean, but, but, but it just, it just seems like
all it is is like, okay, we know this is a unique user and yes, attached to Facebook,
but it's not, I'm not dismissing the issue, just trying to get more clarity on what the
issue is.
And it just seems like it's the same thing as the cookie of like, okay, unique user,
but what knocked it up the next level is that this number, which was first just like, okay,
plant there, this, this number we generate, so it can keep a unique ID.
This time it's persistent, it's more persistent because it's attached to your Facebook profile
and et cetera, et cetera.
And so anything you post on Facebook might be publicly accessible.
So, you know, lesson learned.
If you're going to use a site like Facebook, make sure, you know, if you don't want to
get it out there, don't post it or lock it down or even if you're locked down to private,
like my Facebook is locked down, so only friends of mine can see it.
And even then there's some things I just don't post on Facebook.
You know, Rob, there is a good use of Facebook.
What's that?
Like umlaut on Facebook.com slash umlaut.
Yes.
Do you have all these, you had all these plugs written down on a sheet of paper.
Wait till we get to Twitter.
It's like you're playing a game.
Which is umlaut, at umlaut.
While we're at it.
All right.
Anyhow, quickly here, you won't be able to find Rockband on here.
Sorry, umlaut fans, but one thing you will be able to find is a brand new Games for Windows
Marketplace with lots of new stuff, I guess.
November 15th is when the new Games for Windows Marketplace launches, because, you know, right
now when you think about how can I download PC games on my computer, you usually think
about, I don't know, Steam is one of the big ones or maybe Direct to Drive or even maybe
that good old game site that may have that big old joke, haha, we're shutting down.
No, wait, no, we aren't.
I think a few weeks ago.
You don't usually think about, oh, yeah, Games for Windows has their own Marketplace.
Well, Microsoft's not happy with that and they'd like to change their perception there,
so they are going to be beefing up their online portal with some more stuff.
It's all going to be branded with the whole Games for Windows Live, more competitive and
blah blah blah blah blah.
They want to make it a store, really a destination for PC gamers.
There's going to be stuff enabled through Live, all that good stuff.
So they're going to be revamping everything on November 15th.
So there you go.
And they're saying you should show up on day one because we're going to have a great pre-order
on a title you may care about.
The speculation is that it's Fable 3 for the PC.
Foreshadowing.
You know what, though?
If they can match some of those sales that Steam is having, you know what?
Competition is not necessarily a bad thing because, you know, if they're going to try
to one-up Steam, they're going to have to do so with some of the prices.
So we'll see exactly how that goes over.
In the meantime, let's get to a segment we like to do here on the show where Dark Sakura
dips into the video game vault and says, hey, you ungrateful kids with your desert bus events
and your oomblouds and stuff, you know what, you need to know where these games came from.
Get off my lawn and go play these games.
And while you're at it, yeah, that's right, no, we like to explore Gaming's Past.
Just pull up your pants.
Buy a belt.
All right.
We're going to explore Gaming's Past by checking out the Classic Game of the Week, Dark Sakura.
What is the Classic Game of the Week from the vault this week?
I'm angry with myself for having never reviewed this one.
Sonic and Knuckles.
I've done Knuckles Chaotix.
I've done other Sonic games.
Have not done Sonic and Knuckles.
What is wrong with me?
So this is something that Sega has done right.
We have to start off with the noise.
We always have to start off with the noise.
Yes.
Best music ever.
Sonic and Knuckles.
They came out on the Genesis, also known as the Mega Drive overseas.
And it was actually developed in the US at the Sega Technical Institute by members of
Sonic Team.
And it came out on October 18th, 1994, which was, guess what, the year I graduated high
school.
Woo!
You're older than me.
Bite my butt, Rob.
I'm vintage.
Shut up.
Anyway, this was a, uh, you could play it by itself, and it also locked on to Sonic
2 and Sonic 3.
The game was actually developed with Sonic 2 and Sonic 3, so that's why it's got all
the special little nummy goodies in it.
Almost as delicious as these peanut butter cookies.
Once you've got different stories, it actually picks up from the end of Sonic 3, um, after
the Death Egg crashes.
Um, oh, just by the way, Rob, I was playing Bayonetta, and I got that they were calling
that dude Eggman, because that was Robotnik's name in the Japanese version was Eggman, anyway.
Um, and so you have to go get the Chaos Emeralds and the Super Emeralds and all the stuff and
be super awesome.
And if you get all of them, you get, you turn into Super Sonic.
Yay!
And you can go to the Doomsday Zone, yay!
And then you can join, blow up the machine, yay!
And return the Master Emerald, which leads right into Sonic Adventure, oooh, because
the island crashes back down in Sonic Adventure, and Knuckles is pissed off at Sonic.
Yeah, anyway.
And then you've got Knuckles Story, which everyone just beats up on him, and he's like,
well, crap, I'm tired of getting you, so I'm gonna go get all these emeralds too.
And that's the Knuckles Story, don't you just love my paraphrasing?
As far as the way it plays, well, you can't use Tails, oops, however, if you lock it on
to Sonic 3, then you can play Tails, I mean, you just lock it on.
It's got different bonus stages, you've got ones where you collect 20 rings by walking
through these bumpers, and then you have the slot machines from Sonic 2, like in the Casino
Night Zone, and there's, of course, the labyrinth type thing.
And then there's also the magnetic orbs that you can use to move upwards and pick up shields
and rings and lives and fun stuff.
It does not have a save slot in it, unless you combine it with Sonic 3, to make it Sonic
3 and Knuckles.
So as far as other stuff in it, again, with Sonic 3, you can use Sonic 3 to play through
as Knuckles, lots of fun.
In Sonic 2, you can play Knuckles in Sonic 2, and you don't have to have as many rings
for the little bonus zones, and you can also, if I remember right, I think Knuckles has
a lower ring, no, he can carry his rings over to the next stage instead of having to start
over.
So, that was a big thing with that, it was much easier to play through it with Knuckles.
God, I'm getting motion sickness just watching this bonus stage.
I know, I hate, I could not do the bonus stages because I would get very motion sick.
And speaking of those little bonus stages, if you tried to hook up the Sonic and Knuckles
to Sonic the Hedgehog, you would get a screen with all the cast going, no way, no way, no
way!
However, if you press a series of buttons, you can play the Blue Sphere game, a hundred
different levels of it, and there's actually different levels depending on which game you
do this with, because you can also do it with a bunch of other games.
But keep in mind, you will not be able to play Knuckles in, you know, Violent Commando
or something like that.
That just wouldn't work.
He'd fly everywhere and...
That would be kind of awesome though.
That would be kind of awesome.
Wasn't it, they weren't able to do it in Sonic 1 because Sonic's blue is also coded to like
the sky or something like that, and like, if you, you know, they change the color on
Sonic from blue to red, but then it's BLOOD SKY!
It's funny that you say that.
There's talking about hacks, um, there was a game hack called Miles Tails Prower, which
was, you know, Tails' name is Miles Prower, which I thought was always cute, um, and then
they did, um, the same group did one, it was a game basically to put Miles, to put Tails
in Sonic the Hedgehog.
They also did Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic the Hedgehog.
So instead of using, um, changing the palettes, because you're right, it did change the sky
color, they actually lifted, um, different colors of red from, um, another part in the
game and changed the socks to blue so that he didn't have to change the palette.
So that was pretty smart of them.
Another thing, too, about Sonic 2 with Knuckles is that, um, for the longest time, um, because
of that patch that they used to make the games work together, you couldn't find a ROM of,
uh, of Sonic 2 that you could play Knuckles in for the longest time.
They've since gotten around that.
So as far as, um, the releases, what was really great, and I remember this, because I was
like, ah, I want to do this, ah, um, Blockbuster Video and MTV had a tournament at, um, where
people could play pre-release with the final one being at Alcatraz.
I don't know if anyone else remembers that, but it was, um, called MTV's Rock the Rock
Warning.
Sadly, I think I do remember that.
Um, it came out on Virtual Console, and it got a 9 from IGN, and it was very cool.
Alright, your classic game of the week, folks!
Sonic and Knuckles.
I can't do this damn stage at all.
Your bonus stages are evil.
I prefer, oh, is he finally getting the Chaos Emerald?
Yes.
Yay!
You got a Chaos Emerald.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Enjoy that.
It's been a long time in the works.
Sonic and Knuckles there on the Sega Genesis or the Mega Drive, whichever you prefer.
What a good ending spot, too.
That was a good ending spot.
Well, that was as good of a transition as Sega has plugs for his Umlaud tonight, so.
Which is all available at umlaud.org, by the way.
See what I mean?
Alright, we are going to take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere,
because when we come back, there will be plenty more.
We've got a lot, a lot of news to get through.
We're going to ask Sega a little more about charity-related things as well, kind of like
how he started this whole charity thing in the first place.
We want to kind of get into that, especially for those of you out there that might be thinking,
hmm, I want to do a fundraiser, too, and go on radio show podcasts and work in plugs everywhere
I can.
And be a mild internet celebrity.
There you go.
So, on the internet D-list.
Not even the celebrity D-list, and then there's the internet D-list.
So like, you know, keyboard cat would be like on the B-list, O-L-R, like D-minus.
That means we can hang out with Kathy Griffin.
No, she's on the celebrity D-list.
We would get to hang out with, let's see, who would be on about the level of O-L-R.
I'm trying to think of like internet celebrities that would be on about our level.
I'm thinking, um, see even people like, even like the kid in David Goes to the Dentist,
that's like, that's like at the B-list or maybe even the A-list of the internet.
Could we hang out with a sassy gay friend?
Sassy gay friends probably up there, too.
Maybe the what, what, and the butt guy, because that's been a few years.
We might be on about that level, because it's been a few years since he was popular, so.
Okay.
All right.
Rob, we're probably up there with double rainbow guy, because he's kind of.
What does it mean?
All right.
Anyhow, all joking aside, I wanted to kind of read this real quick, because this is a
comment in our chat room from, and it relates to a story that we had just brought up a minute
ago.
This is a comment in our chat room from our pal Derek H, who is one of the hosts, or I
should say really the host, because he always has co-hosts with him, on Dead Pixel Live.
He's there weekdays at All Games Radio, he hosts his own little shindig there.
It's a lot of fun.
He sends us this link to a story on Slashdot about, is Zynga trying to patent virtual currency?
Since we were talking about Zynga, and how some of their ethics may be questionable once
in a while, I thought this was kind of fascinating.
Apparently a recent patent application was spotted by Zynga, attempting to patent virtual
currency purchased with real money for use in a gambling context.
But I'm thinking, and this website's thinking as well, aren't there already plenty of
ways that that exists, like, I don't know, Xbox 360 money, or, I mean, just a lot of
MMOs out there.
You can buy money.
But if they get the patent, then they have the patent, but if they get it denied because
of prior art or whatever ruling, then they can say, if someone else tries to claim it,
they'll go, oh, no, no, no, no, we did, and the patent office said, oh, it can't be patented.
So maybe it's a move to protect themselves in the long run?
Yeah.
What do you think filing all these patents and all this news is for?
Interesting.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
So we'll see what happens with that, because heaven forbid they should be granted the patent.
But we'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, we will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere, guys.
Stay tuned.
We'll be back right after this.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, October the 24th of 2010, for the 387th episode of
our Lil Podcast here.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at AllGames.com, where you just heard during
the break there, if you were listening live, we can't put it on the podcast because it's
copyright music.
We played some music from DJ Hero 2.
It kind of had the whole thing going live here in studio, that was pretty awesome.
Also live in studio tonight, joining us, The Segg is one of the co-founders of UMLOUD,
but he really hasn't talked a lot about it tonight.
And I've been coaxing him like, hey, if you show up to the show, you've got to try and
drop a plug or two for what you're trying to sell.
It's hard to get people to go to umloud.org and read all about our charity.
Yes.
All right.
So just try to work in a couple more plugs if you could.
You know, Segg, I just would hate for you to have wasted that tank of gas to get here
and then just not talk about your charity event.
I know, exactly.
It's really hard trying to get people even to follow our Twitter account, which is at
UMLOUD.
U-M-L-O-U-D.
All right.
Good job.
All right.
Let's see.
Quickly, I want to ask you some more questions here since we have you here tonight.
You're so kind to be here live.
I know one thing you've also been doing a lot of this year, besides the telltale stuff,
besides the UMLOUD planning, another thing you've been doing quite a bit is you've been
doing speaking events.
And I know you did PAX East because I saw your panel there when I went to PAX East earlier
this year.
And I know you did.
Didn't you do a companion piece at PAX West?
Yeah.
Kind of same song, different verse type of deal.
Same song, different time.
Yeah.
Different audience.
What was the panel all about that you were doing?
Well, it was trying to communicate, okay, there's a lot of people who obviously give
to Child's Play and there's definitely a lot of people who want to do more.
And what I wanted to do with the panels is to establish and get the right general questions
answered for people who want to start their own Child's Play community fundraiser.
And what that means and just sort of the broad overview of where to get started and to take
that next step of starting your own event, whether it's a local event or an internet
based event.
Obviously, we could probably have you recap everything, but that would take an hour, like
your panel.
So I don't want to recap the whole thing.
But just trying to get some of the points out, what would you say for somebody who is
trying to plan one of these events for themselves?
And maybe you can speak from experience on this.
What's one thing that people don't anticipate when they say, hey, I want to throw a rock
band charity event at this, I don't know, the Masonic Lodge or wherever people are doing
things, you know, we want to do like a little charity event.
And what do you think is like one of the top things people don't foresee in the planning
of these events that comes back to surprise them?
Like oops, we should have thought about X.
Well, besides the legal thing, which is a whole other conversation, we'll touch on a
few moments, but the big thing that I stress is set up what I call a list of products,
if you're doing an event where, okay, these are the things that we're going to have as
a quote unquote product for the event.
So to take Ooma out, for example, we have this ultimate band package product, we have
this headliner band product, we have the ticket in the door product, we have the raffle ticket
product.
And by listing these down, you go, okay, how do we make this happen?
And that's what's really sort of lost because people don't really know how to take the thing
from soup to nuts.
It may be a great idea, but you're actually at the event and you go, oh crap, how do I
do this?
Oh crap.
Oh, we have to do all this stuff and then fumble from there.
So it's really take a step back with your team and go, start brainstorming, get all
the ideas in the world, but then realize that it may be best to put some things off the
table if you can't deliver on them because if you do too much and not account for it,
it's all going to go to shambles.
It's best to just hold back and make sure you establish yourself and maybe next year
you'll do that thing that you wanted to do or whatever.
All right.
Awesome.
Let's see.
I'm trying to think of other things.
Do you think sometimes people maybe think too big when it comes to these things?
I would say, yeah.
And as people who have the best of intentions and I'm not, believe me, I'm not discouraging
it as someone who did a show in eight weeks.
Well, first of all, for UmLoud, UmLoud wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for Fundrauser,
which was an event that was actually founded by Joel Johnson, started in New York and then
grew to Denver with Brian Casante of Kotaku doing the Denver event and then Gizmodo did
the San Francisco event and I went to that event, showed up and it was at Shine Bar on
Leet Mission Street in San Francisco, 1337 Mission Street, and it was a 200 capacity
bar and it was just show up with rock band, you know, very simple, but packed the place.
And that established, okay, there is, we can get enough people in here and that was just
with day of advertising.
And I always, I hadn't done charity work for a while and I wanted to get back into the
swing of it.
And separately, I always wanted to do an event that incorporated rock band, guitar hero rock
band, but focused on the performance aspect.
And it was just this perfect storm, so I threw my hat in and that's when I first got introduced
to Chris Kohler, who also helped out with the Fundrauser event in 08.
And it was also, you know, planning this out, actually throughout the year, but with Joel
and Joel had a lot of things going on so he can continue on and so we were left with making
our own event since we already had the deposit reserve for DNA and got things together.
And it really, it also, don't do this alone, I think is the other thing.
If you, you know, if you can't get other people to do it, don't break yourself.
And I'm not trying to discourage people, I'm not trying to knock them down.
Even if you're a big control freak like me and like you just, you want to do everything,
like you just have to let some of it go because it's too much for one person.
It goes down to if you can't get people to help you quite yet in working the event, how
are you going to get people there?
That's a fair question.
You know, it's a fair question.
I would say be realistic, but don't that outright discourage you.
Right.
Don't let any of this scare you off from trying to do something like that.
I think that's important too.
Like we're just, we're just trying to be real here on OLR and say, you know, if you're ready
to take this dive, by all means dive, but here's some floaties, some tips so that you
don't drown.
So let me get you a question from our chat room if I could here at chat.orangetonstrategy.com.
Salacious Pop is in chat and wants to know, Segg, how long did it take to get incorporated
as a nonprofit so that people could legally write off donations to you in their taxes?
Are the fees steep?
Did you have to do it through an attorney to protect your own name and assets?
I have the benefit of a wonderful father who does this pretty professionally.
I say that just like he doesn't actually have it as a job job, but he, we, as I, as I alluded
to the sort of the family business that wasn't really a business was charity events back
home in Detroit, Dearborn, and like we did Detroit Children's Hospital Festival of Trees
and our high school auction and all that.
So he already knows how to, you know, the tax end of things.
The state of California was definitely new to us and, oh, the state of California was
definitely new to us for those filings, but it's sort of a level thing.
We were, the official birth date as far as the IRS and the state of California's concern
for UMLoud is November 17th, and that was when the California you are a business that
happens to be nonprofit was first minted, which is pretty quick.
But then for all the stuff you want to do, like donation buttons, either PayPal or Google
checkout and all that, yes, you know, and we got the TIN very easily, the tax ID number
for UMLoud, but then you have all this other stuff that has to go through, like it takes
a while for the IRS to process the paperwork and you have to fill out the longer form and
all this.
So really things did not get settled, settled, settled as far as establishing and getting
our determination letter from the IRS till like February, but it's sort of the, yes,
you were okay as long as you fill out your paperwork, but as of November 17th for us,
we were still in the clear.
You mean the government is slow in processing paperwork, you don't say.
Well, the IRS even outwardly says, yes, we're going to take a while and you are okay to
work as a nonprofit, but put your paperwork in and know that, you know, we could revoke
the status because something didn't clear, which they didn't, you know, we had our, everything
was up to snuff.
Just to back you up in our chat room, Defective Candy is in our chat at chat.ornsontradi.com
and says, from experience, the state of Michigan is way easier to do the nonprofit than a place
like Cali.
Yeah, California actually, from what I've been told by others, is the most complicated
in the union.
I should also state that every state has a different way completely.
I mean, the IRS is obviously consistent within the U.S., outside of the U.S., I don't know.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Oh, okay.
But, you know, that's, when I do these panels, I guide people to the general questions that
they have to ask themselves, which is basically start by googling up your, whatever entity
in your state does business entities, secretary of state usually, but not always, sometimes
they have a separate department and all that, and that will start you down on the road of
what you need to do.
But don't let all this stuff freak you out either.
Now, I should also say that, like, there's sort of two general avenues of, at least for
child's play, community fundraisers.
There's the actual local physical event, which is what we do, and then there's the internet-based
fundraisers.
Now, the internet-based ones, they haven't made, as long as they're not stupid, and that,
because, like, for example, Desert Bus, which is the online telethon for them, they point,
they use chip-in to point directly to the child's play PayPal account, meaning they
never touch the money, ever, period.
The chip-in tracks the metrics of how much people clicking on their button went to child's
play, but they never touch the money, so they don't have to do any of this.
We touch the money at UMA because we have to, you know, pay for the venue, and we're
taking in donations ourselves in this physical event, so we have to go through the process.
The big numbers, at least for the IRS, at the IRS level, is if you get more than $250
from any one individual, or your total take is $5,000, you need a file, you know, you've
graduated up to, nope, you need to do it for reals.
There's a great follow-up from Defective Candy here in our chat room saying, there are some
great books on the matter.
I like Nolo's How to Form a Nonprofit Corporation, and all states have info on how to do them
on their official website.
You might have to do a tiny bit of digging.
Let me throw this out there, too, one more kind of little thing here, because I know
this is one of the things I took away from the panel.
I was like, oh yeah, that's something I might not think about otherwise.
But say, if somebody wants to do a child's play fundraiser, you know, before just throwing
the name out there like, hey, we're going to do this child's play fundraiser, there's
probably people they should be getting in touch with, right?
Yeah, the, Kristin Lindsey is, I'm sorry, Kristin, I'm totally forgetting your new title
position, the official title, but she's the woman in charge of child's play.
We won't call her goddess of child's play.
Yeah, goddess of child's play.
She has an official title, and I apologize for that.
It's okay, it's live radio, you're on the spot.
But it's sort of, child's play's not going to give you too much help, because let's face
it, it's a...
They're not going to run the event for you.
They're not going to run the event for you.
It's good to check in with her, you know, and sending an email to her saying, hey, we're
doing this event, and she'll give some help, but you have to understand that everyone else
is doing all this stuff, especially around this time when the season's ramping up again.
And the process of giving them money is, if you're doing the chip-in thing, the internet-based
thing, well, you don't have to do anything, it's already into their PayPal account.
But for us, it's, we mail a checkout made out to child's play charity, and mail it in
to the mailing address that's on the child's play website, and there's that.
But it's just good, and it's one of those things that you might think is obvious, but
I don't think everyone really thinks of this, is that if you're going to do a charity fundraiser,
go ahead and contact the charity.
They like to know these things.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you never know, you might get a plug on the website or something, or a tips at least,
things maybe you haven't thought of before, so, you know, things that other people have
learned.
So, all right.
Well, I don't want to spend too much more time talking about that, I don't want to ruin
your possible panels in 2011, so I don't know if you're going to be doing it all over again,
but it was, at least when I went and saw it at PAX East, I certainly learned a lot.
I know we've kind of dabbled in the idea of maybe doing an OLR charity something something
at some point, so it was interesting to hear all that, so good deal.
All right, well anyway, we're going to move on with some gaming news, and Seg of course
is going to stay with us here to talk a little more about the gaming news and Dish with us
this week.
We'll first do some rapid news, then we're going to get into the Twitter topics, so quick,
some rapid, rapid news, Loki.
Yes, Interplay has announced that Fallout Online will be coming out in the second half
of 2012, and it's interesting, there's been a little bit of back and forth between Interplay
and Bethesda over the rights for Fallout and stuff, and I believe at one point Interplay
was demanding $50 million for Fallout, and apparently Bethesda said no.
So it'll be interesting to see, and I'm sure that a Fallout MMO will be pretty interesting,
but we'll have to wait a couple years for that.
The ESRB is rated Twisted Metal for the PlayStation 1 classics, so obviously they'll be coming
around pretty soon, maybe they'll tie in a little bit with the new Twisted Metal game
maybe coming out next year, so we'll have to wait for that one, but at least you can
expect that.
And then a racing game that is on the PlayStation 3 right now, ModNation Racers, is going to
be getting a Stunt Pack free, I guess it's going to have some cool ramps and whatnot.
The Stunt Pack will include a double-decker bus, an interactive truck, an interactive
truck trailer mini-ramp, as well as some wide stunt ramps, thin stunt ramps, thin rails,
tilling platform, framing, skull ring, all sorts of cool stuff.
And that is free for two weeks, that's beginning October 26th, so if you do have that game,
or if you're thinking about picking up that game, you might want to download that.
Hurry hurry!
Alright, I've got some quick stuff for you guys too, one of them is about Xbox Live.
The Xbox Live Silver account is no more, it is gone, it is out of here, but don't worry,
you didn't all get suddenly upgraded to gold, actually I don't think that's something anyone
would worry about.
No, here's what really happened, the Xbox Live Silver memberships are now just called
Xbox Live Free Membership.
It is what it is.
Yeah, finally.
So there it is.
And that is launched right along with the Xbox.com remake that went live this week,
so they just basically say it's free.
They're saying the features did not change, the name for the paid membership did not change,
just this little component of it.
Just so you know.
It's easier branding.
I think so.
Yeah.
Plus, I think especially when one of PlayStation's big things is selling like the free PlayStation
network, I think for them to be able to say...
Not quite anymore, but...
Yeah, exactly.
You know, now they're kind of on par there, so it works out.
Tron Evolution is getting some voice acting from the movie, which is pretty cool.
Olivia Wilde, who plays Korra in the upcoming Tron Legacy movie, is going to be doing some
voices in Tron Evolution.
That's pretty cool.
Also, the voice of the original Tron character, Bruce Boxleitner, is going to be in there,
so that's pretty awesome.
From the scarecrow, Mrs. King.
Sadly, not all of the actors are in there, like I don't see that, what's his name, Garrett,
whatever that's playing the main character, and Jeff Bridges I don't see in the list,
but just about everybody else seems to be in there, which is pretty cool.
Jensen Ackles.
That makes me personally happy, because I have a major, major, major thing.
And seeing as I believe I heard the game is kind of set in between the two movies, they
probably did something with the story where they didn't necessarily need the A-list actors.
NBA Jam, as we've talked about for a couple weeks on this show, is getting spun off into
its PS3 and 360 retail releases.
The game is going to be $49.99, and it's coming out November 17th.
Also, it should be noted that it is going to be online and all that, but not on the
Wii.
That version is already out.
Online will be available on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions.
There's going to be two-on-two online.
There's going to be a title update in December that will have a remix jam party for up to
four players and all sorts of that fun stuff, so $49.99 if you want to check out NBA Jam
on the 360 or the PS3.
He's on fire!
Boom shakalaka!
Boom shakalaka!
In other news, for fans who really like the music in Castlevania Symphony of the Night...
