Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loku
Tonight, October 17th, 2010, fans petition for a new Bomani game release, the developers of Game Room are set to close, and Blizzard takes the enablers of cheating to court.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games and gaming and gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
You know, we're that show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be with you over the next few hours with my awesome co-host.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I apparently fail at boiling water.
That's bad. That means you're not going to be able to cook anything if you can't boil water.
You're going to be in my league where it's like Hot Pockets and Easy Mac and Cheese.
I was making fake coffee for my French press and didn't boil enough water, so I'm boiling more water.
You fail at boiling water. That should be a losing screen in some... boil water the game, I don't know.
Next in Cooking Mama, it's Boiling Mama.
Say hello, but don't boil mama. That would be an M-rated game.
Alright, say hello to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
Are you eating and talking on a radio show at the same time?
Yes, I am.
Shame on you. You're violating every single good rule of radio. What are you eating over there, sir?
Triple bacon pizza.
So let's see, last week it was double bacon pizza, and I seem to distinctly remember the one and only Loki saying something about,
Triple bacon pizza is too much bacon.
I can't remember if it did triple or quadruple, so I'm testing both.
I almost said quadruple today, but I was like, ehhh, ramp it up slowly.
It's really good, actually.
I just want to point out, I have a terrible Loki impersonation.
It's triple bacon pizza. I don't know what I'm doing.
Hi. Also say hello. We have a very special guest tonight. I promised this last week.
If you haven't heard the podcast, though, we do have a very special guest.
You could call it a little bit of All Games Cross promotion, in a way, because we have here live in studio, not on Skype,
but here live in studio all the way from Under Sedation Live. Say hello to Jessica Harper.
Hello, people. Yes, I'm actually sitting on the floor.
Yes, as opposed to on the toilet.
As opposed to on the toilet, which is where I usually am right before the show.
How are you, lovely Jessica?
I am doing just fabulously, and yeah, it's kind of cool to have, like, we had our All Games moment just a few minutes ago,
where it was Bobby Black Wolf and OLR and Under Sedation Live all in one little happy family right there.
So that was kind of cool.
Absolutely. So while Jessica brought it up, let me get that out there.
We do tape live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, make sure you join us in our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
You think that's everything? I think that's good.
So, Jessica Harper, you might know her online as Iguana Girl.
Yes.
And that's because you are actually an iguana?
Yes, actually, yes. In the middle of the night, I just have these moments where I turn green,
and I don't turn into the Hulk, I just turn into an iguana.
No, actually, the nickname originally was given to me by friends because I had an obsession with iguanas.
I had an iguana at the time, and Girl, G-R-R-L, was because I was always the video gamer geek
out of all of the boys that worked over at this ISP, the internet service provider that we were at.
So I was the girl. I wasn't totally, you know, frilly and prissy and all that.
Now, see, I always thought it might have been a, hey, girl, type of thing, but I guess that's G-U-R.
Because when Alan types in an email to me, he'll say G-U-R-R-L.
Yeah, no, mine was more, you know, the female empowerment grrr.
Grrr. Okay.
I want a smash.
It just kind of stuck, and I've been using that nickname since, like, 97 now, I think.
Awesome.
So, yeah, just always been that way.
Alright. Well, Jessica's here tonight for, you know, well, obviously, we've been doing this show forever,
and she's never sat in. I don't think you, well, maybe, it's been a long time if you have.
We've done top tens.
Maybe like a long time ago, but it's definitely been several years since you've been here in the studio with us.
Oh, yeah, I think the last time I was probably back at your place, like, in Rancho.
Yeah, we were doing the crossover stuff for DDR Free Radio, and I was like, hey, our shows can get along. It's great. We're having fun.
Didn't we do the top ten Bimani songs of that year?
No, I remember going on to Folsom.
Yeah, yeah, I think we take the show or something.
Anyway, regardless, it's been a heck of a long time since Jessica's been on the show,
which is kind of bittersweet in a way because Jessica and I kind of started, in a way, a lot of our internet radio stuffs together
over on Undersedation Live when the head honcho over there, Travis, used to live out here.
Yeah, and I'm back, bitches.
The HBIC for Undersedation Live. Travis used to live out here in SAC, and Jessica, myself, and Travis were all kind of the start of that show.
So this show, in a way, Orange Haunts Radio, in a way, I don't want Travis' ego to get too big if he's listening, but in a way...
In a way, please.
No, it is. It's a spinoff of Undersedation Live.
No, because you started OLR pretty soon. I think we were right in tandem with DDR Freak Radio and OLR.
Yeah, which is funny because it was one of those, like, we weren't comparing notes things because Jessica and I were on a break at that time.
We could get into some of the fun stuff later if we wanted.
No, no, no, no. That was before the break break because we were still doing US Altogether and we were still getting along, but it was before that.
Right. But, you know, I think I mentioned this during the marathon show or something, like, you know, it's kind of, you know, funny the way things work sometimes because obviously this is ten years ago,
and at this time, you know, we're in our 20s and just very different and there was a lot of stuff going on and a lot of...
I was personally looking back in a very toxic situation at the time that didn't bode itself well to the future and, you know, things happen and unfortunately Jessica and I kind of...
We had a little break up for a while, but we're cool now and I think it's great that she's back in the radio business and I've listened to a few episodes of Undersedation Live.
Whether Travis knows it or not, I really do listen once in a while when I can. I know, I know.
I'm in a tie of shock.
I know, I know. I know all the smack he's talking about me over there. I don't think I don't know.
But, yeah, no, I think it's great. I think it's just awesome.
You see, what I should have done is I should have made him play the voicemail.
Considering that that voicemail was recorded during that same trip where you played DDR for the first time.
It's true and I don't have a copy of that.
So, Travis, if you're listening, if you want to, you know, later on when we're taking calls...
Yes.
And the voicemail she's referring to is...
I'll be back.
I guess we should tell this story real quick. We will get into the gaming news and all that stuff in a little bit.
But the way Jessica and I kind of got into DDR in the first place, and if it wasn't for DDR, I would probably not have ultimately met Dark Soccer and Loki, at least in the way that I did.
But the way Jessica and I got into DDR in the beginning is that we went to the 25th anniversary Rocky Horror Picture Show convention and then we just...
What happened? We just kind of said, screw it, to the convention one night, right?
We just decided that we were going to go hit some arcades because we were bored out of our minds and there was this 1.5 machine.
That's right. This machine that was flashing and it was saying, I'm playing Super Gay Music. Come play. It's fun.
Super Gay Music. And Rob went like a fly. You know, like a moth to a flame.
Exactly. It was fun.
But yeah, you know, it's like, oh, it has a pad and I wonder what we're supposed to do.
What ultimately drew you to the machine though? You couldn't be the Uber Gay Music. You must have just been like, it's colors.
I guess I had a new shiny moment. I'm guessing, you know.
But yeah. And what was our first song? You remember?
I want to say it had to have been the one star, Have You Never Been Mellow.
No.
Do we pump it up to Boom Boom Dollar?
We went Boom Boom Dollar first and we failed.
And then we proceeded to go right back and go, okay, well maybe we should try this again, but let's do it on an easier level.
And then we ended up doing Butterfly. And then once we beat Butterfly, we went back to Boom Boom Dollar and I think we ended up beating it the second time.
I think there was a little bit of ego there because I remember we used to play the old Busta, here in the US it was Busta Groove.
But of course that drives Jamie bonkers because overseas it was Busta Move. But we didn't know any better at the time because we were just like, ooh, flashy.
But we used to play those games and really liked it. So we were like, oh, we're the masters at Busta Move or Busta Groove. We'll kick this thing's ass. And it's like, boom, failed.
I remember going to your old apartment and playing on that one pad that was for some Disney game.
Or like some child's.
I thought it was like a Britney's dance pad or something.
The very first, before DDR was on PlayStation 1, they actually released a Disney's Jungle Book Jungle Groove game.
And it came with this dance pad that was probably made for a seven year old.
And it was a cheap little dance game that I think was really just existed to beat DDR to the market.
But it had some funny Jungle Book songs on it.
It was cute.
I want to walk like you, talk like you too. You know, you could kind of dance to it. It was cute.
And then Dark Sakura, she was kind of like, by this time we knew her and she was kind of like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You need a little plug in the back and you need to burn a copy of Thursday. I'm coming over.
I was like, Rob, get me a paperclip.
Back in those days when you could do the single swap, which I never learned how to do anything but the single swap.
I was like, screw it. I'll just get this little thing and plug it in.
See, I was lucky. I actually got to have mine professionally, semi-professionally modded by Brad.
And then I remember a bunch of folks came over one night. I think it was the first night we were playing third mix.
And weren't you fortunate enough not to have downstairs neighbors at the time?
Or at least if I didn't have a downstairs neighbor, she didn't complain at all.
I do remember you freaking out going, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Oh, yeah, because our friend at the time, Eric, was this very tall, very skinny dude.
And I remember he was like, I'm going to pump it up to like a six footer or something and play on this little jungle beat dance mat thing.
And it was like, really funny. So good times. Good memories.
I remember a later Las Vegas trip that you and I took where we went to that same DDR machine.
Yep. Very drunk. Oh, yes. And called Rob.
Actually, it wasn't exactly the same because it was a fourth or a fourth plus.
No, we went to one at Circus Circus. Yeah, but there was a fourth or a fourth plus at the time.
That's it. They had removed the 1.5 and they moved it to the front of that same arcade area.
Because for those who don't know, Circus Circus in Vegas has like five billion arcades to it. Seriously.
And there's like one arcade where we ended up finding a karaoke machine, but that's, you know, a different story for Travis to find the music.
That's a whole nother episode and that'll probably be on Understation Live when Travis is like, hmm, let's make an ass of Rob this week again.
I got me a car. Okay.
Sounds like you leave them so many opportunities.
You know what? What can I say? I was young and dumb in my 20s and I'm young and dumb now.
Okay, bye.
I have like a whole list of Rob quotes that go through my head.
I'm surprised there's not a Rob soundboard that Travis is in.
You know, we actually considered it.
I remember my favorite...
Mic fail. Mic fail. Boop, boop, mic fail.
Hey! Better?
I was going to stop and get you a cord. If I hadn't driven five hours today, I was going to stop and get you a cord.
I remember a trip to, um, Miggle. No, it wasn't. It was, uh, Sunnyvale Golf Land where I was drinking out of the Pepsi bone and I gave Rob a drink and he gave it back to me.
And right when I'm drinking, Rob says, by the way, I have gay.
You cut out right as you said that.
Oh, shit.
Your mic sucks. I hate it.
It's not the mic. It's the cord.
But, no, I let Rob take a drink out of my big Pepsi bone and then I took it back to take a drink and Rob says, by the way, I have gay.
That was the best ever.
Good times.
No, your mic, you got to... I don't...
Ah!
We might have to play mic pass around or something tonight.
Alright, yeah, well, of course that really annoying thing works.
Alright, look, let's, uh, let's start off the show finally with talking a little bit about our gaming weeks and some of the other stuff outside of DDR that we've been playing.
Um, let's start with Dark Soccer as we always do. How was your gaming week, Dark Soccer?
I played your Final Fantasy XIII game thingy with a controller that was still charging and I have a complaint about the PlayStation charging controller thing.
The little micro USB cable thing. It's too damn short. Seriously, do people in Japan have no room in their par...
No, I guess they don't.
Um, so I played some Final Fantasy XIII and I got to the part where they totally stole the ship and with the Shiva sisters who are sexy.
And, dude, they turned into a freakin' bike.
OMG, spoilers.
I don't care.
They're scissoring and they're a bike at the same time.
Ah, that's hot. Anyway, um, I also played lots of Star Trek Online. Um, I didn't have a whole lot of time last week for games because, uh, things are really cracking down.
You know, I'm on the American River Review magazine class. Oh my god.
So, um, when I wasn't pulling out my hair over my deadlines, I was also playing, um, Star Trek Online and I finally got my Breen.
And you can't really change the way they look or anything because the Breen wear this, like, suit that keeps it, you know, zero degrees cold inside because they all want to look like, you know, Princess Leia in her, uh, outfit from when she went to rescue Han Solo.
Yeah.
Um, so anyway, and I played, uh, lots of Plants vs. Zombies. Duh.
And I played, um, I tried Narbacular Drop again. It's still confusing as hell.
And, uh, as thing is about, yes, I have a grudge. Mud.
For the record, I watched three Ju-On movies also during the course of, um, yesterday and the day before.
And they were fantastic, as always.
And Darcy is responding to comments in our chat room at chat.orangehelsiority.com.
Yes, because I can make the grudge noise.
She doesn't have Tourette's. She's just...
My little side giggle was because I saw that Travis was saying something.
Oh god, did he join chat? Uh oh.
Yes, he did.
Uh oh, he says, I will torment all. Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Which means he's probably recording the whole show tonight to snip out the really bad and, and, uh, horrible sounding parts.
And he'll string it all together and make it sound like, you know, I said something like, well, something really bad.
Because if I say it now, then he'll cut it out.
And Spazinator, for the record, um, I actually don't have a micro USB extension, so it didn't work.
And, um, I also...
Do you have USB extension cables you can get?
I know, but I was busy playing the game last night in my pajamas.
And I am not one of those people who goes to Walmart in my pajamas.
But you should have a fully charged controller.
And I didn't want to use a hub because the only hub that I have is my TARDIS hub that was a gift to me from the lovely Tiara.
And my TARDIS stub, my TARDIS stub hub stays firmly attached to my computer.
But it makes TARDIS noise when you plug it in.
I have a couple of friends that have that, it's cute.
Alright, is that it for your gaming week?
Yes.
Sonic screwdriver doesn't work though.
Oh, boo hoo, cry, sad.
Loki, hey, how was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole lot. I played a lot of iPad games, or iPod games, I guess.
I keep wanting to call it an iPhone, but, I mean, it's the same damn thing.
How about iOS? Because that's the universal system they run on.
Okay, yeah, I can do iOS.
So, iOS games.
I actually downloaded Bookworm.
I swear, my co-worker, you know, downloads shit and he's like, he's all,
yeah, I got this game, but I'm like, ooh, I gotta get that. I don't know why.
But yeah, I jumped on the Bookworm train good ten years late.
And, um, yeah, it's pretty fun.
And played quite a bit of that.
Actually, my wife was playing it at the same time on her iPod.
So, that was fun.
And then, I've been playing a lot of Climber, which is just this free game that you can get
where you have this grappling hook that you launch yourself into the sky with.
So, it's not like Crazy Climber.
No, not like Crazy Climber.
But it's pretty cool. It's got some pretty epic music.
And then, speaking of epic games...
Not as epic as Robot Unicorn Attack, which I also played. Sorry.
Yes, the Heavy Metal Edition.
They have taken the game and made it that much better.
Oh, I saw that.
I actually played that while I was waiting for my pizza to be done.
Did they add fire?
There is fire in that.
Oh, they did make it better.
That was the first time I played it.
I was like, there's only one awesome thing this game is missing, and that's fire.
It's got lots of skulls.
It has mountains with earthworm-type tentacle things coming out of it.
It's got, you know, pentagrams.
It's gonna be awesome.
Is that it?
Best 99 cents ever.
Put that away right now.
Anything else you played this week?
Hey John, we're calling to you.
You know, more of that, of course.
No, but seriously, I don't know if you've heard the song yet that's in this game, and I will pull it up real quick.
Hopefully it's really loud.
Let me read some comments from chat while you're doing that.
Let's see. Loomis has a suggestion in our chat room.
You can charge the controller at your computer whenever you're not playing the PS3.
Did you hear that, DarkSakura? Loomis in our chat room?
You can charge the controller at your computer whenever you're not playing the PS3.
I know that, but I wanted to play and both of my controllers were dead.
You need to be proactive, young lady.
Alright, here's a brief snippet of the song.
That doesn't sound very heavy metal. It sounded all like...
This is like a Dragon Force song or something.
Seriously?
It's so awesome.
Rob, I have one thing to say to you.
What? I hate you.
Mud in our chat room says I'm pronouncing it wrong. It's I-O-S, I think is what he's trying to say.
I-O-S. I don't like I-O-S. I like I-O-S.
It makes it sound like GLaDOS.
It makes it sound like I-DOS.
A little bit. Oh, whatever.
It's potato-potato to me. I think it's all the same. I don't know.
There you go. chat.orangelandrater.com.
Salacious Pop says Bookworm in Bookworm Adventures is awesome, except for when it gets really hard and makes you feel stupid.
Well, they're dropping a bunch of letters that were on fire and it's like Z, Q, U. I'm like, thanks! Love that!
I could make Ziklicka!
What am I gonna spell with Q, U, V, Z?
Quijibo.
And it's like, and Nellie's like, I got to level 15. I'm like, I'm on level 12 with eight letters that I can't use all on fire.
That's when you start looking for ass every single time. Ass, ass.
Ass, ass, ass. That's what I do. Play dirty words.
May I also point, speaking of words, may I point out a travesty against humanity?
Yes.
Lexulus no longer has Solitaire Mode. I'm pissed off. Okay, you can continue.
And apparently the word dong is not an acceptable word in there, because I had that and I could have knew.
See, that's what we need. We need the sexualized version of Bookworm.
Well, if they did Words with Friends Pirate Edition, I don't see why they don't do Words with Friends Sexy Edition.
See, this is where I have my problems, because they have a Blackberry.
They don't have like a Words with Friends Z Clone thing?
No. Hell no.
Because it doesn't matter, because who am I going to do that with? Everybody else has a freaking iPhone.
But some of it crosses over. Like, uh, well, there's the, uh, what is it?
Open Faint. That's right, that's the network.
Which, I gotta admit, you know, there is, let me put it this way, I have two folders of games that are all Open Faint compatible.
I have half a folder of Game Center stuff. That should say something to you, Apple, that perhaps your Game Center is a little too little too late.
Too late. You know what, on my iPhone, you know what I play that's Open Faint enabled more than anything else? The Commodore 64 collection that they have on the iPhone.
That is so unsurprising.
Alright, if that's it for your gaming week, Loki.
That is it.
Then let me move on to the lovely Jessica Harper over here. Now, since it's your first time on the show in a very long time, let me, let me just kind of ask the starting question we usually do, and that is, what kind of gamer are you?
You know, because every gamer likes, you know, some people like sports games, some people like the music games. What kind of games are your favorite?
Well, um, I am, I'm currently a mostly an active gamer, unfortunately. Due to circumstances regarding the relationship that I just came from, I had to sell off a lot of my systems.
So that pretty much leaves me with my computer that's sub-par for gaming. It's my little appy, and I have a PS2, and that's it.
But primarily when it comes to games, I have a tendency to, I like to go towards puzzle games. I like Final Fantasy style, RPG, blah blah blah.
I used to be big into first person shooters. That was a really big thing for me when I first started gaming. I used to like to piss off the boys by, you know, fragging them constantly.
You used to be like a Doom 2 girl, huh?
I was a Quake 2 girl.
I used to actually go to a place that was here in Sacramento, actually in Citrus Heights, called Cosmic Drip Cyber Cafe.
That was the thing over behind the 7-Eleven, wasn't it? I know that place!
Yeah, and one of the first things they did is they offered $40 for 40 hours of play, which was pretty damn awesome when you figured out how much I actually used it.
And I used to sit there for 4, 5, 6 hours each night, just hanging out, drinking my Jolt Cola, and fragging the boys.
Good times.
Do you have a particular favorite game, besides the DDR and 2DX we've been reminiscing about, do you have a favorite game?
I'm not putting you on the spot a little bit, but I'm sorry.
Typing of the Dead.
Typing of the Dead is up there. I'd probably get thrown out of the club if I said Final Fantasy 7.
I don't think there's anything wrong with Final Fantasy 7, love.
I get thrown out of the club.
Oh, please. This is a safe house.
Final Fantasy 9.
If you said Final Fantasy 14, I might have an issue.
Well, see, again, I haven't been able to game much. I work too dang much, so I don't get to sit down. Lately, my main game of choice? Price is right on Facebook.
You know, Rob, they do have a free trial to Final Fantasy 14.
I'd heard there's this whole free trial, and I gotta really stop hating on Final Fantasy 14, because I didn't play it outside the beta, so I'm not being fair. I'm only going off of what I heard.
And everything I've heard kind of collaborates with my experience with the beta, so I feel a little justified, but I am being a hater, I guess.
I'll try it out.
Please do. I would love to hear your review on this game.
We should be recording while I play it.
You get some interesting new expletives to add to this show.
Who else is pissed off that they renamed all the races? It makes no sense.
Oh, we're gonna give them different names. They're different races, even though they're exactly the same.
I gotta read this comment from chat too, because SalaciousPop I think is right on the money here.
Sky will stop the show if she says Final Fantasy 8.
I might have thrown her out if she said 8 was her favorite.
No, no, no, no.
It's not bad.
It's not bad.
Here's the thing, and I've even told Alan this, I kind of play up my hate for 8 on the show a little bit.
Dude, gun blades! It's a sword and a gun together!
But I really hated the whole magic drawing thing. It really ruined the game for me.
I don't remember that. I must have blocked it out.
But it did have a good story. I will agree with you.
And the fact that it had the full screen battles as opposed to Final Fantasy 7's crop thing, that was neat.
It did have its technological advances, so I will concede on some points, but it still sucks.
Well, if there's nothing else Jessica wants to share?
Video gaming wise, that's usually the part of the show on USL where I go silent and just let the boys play.
Eventually I'll get an Xbox and start getting back into the swing of things.
Awesome. I hope maybe with some of the price drops that are rumored, either this holiday or next holiday,
it'll be really easy for you to get either a Wii or a 360 and you can kind of pick right back up.
Yeah, it would be a 360.
360 would use the refurbisher down like $109.
Yeah, pretty soon, within the next month or two.
You should definitely ask Sandy Claws for one. You never know.
Alright, let me talk about Miami EME Wii, which is actually kind of short.
I don't have a whole lot to advertise because World of Warcraft dominates a lot of things.
But I did play a couple of new things. I played Sonic 4 for a little bit.
And I can sort of see where Loki was disappointed in last week's review.
And if you didn't hear his thing on Sonic 4, go listen to last week's.
I didn't like some of Sonic's controls.
I felt like the whole acceleration part of Sonic felt really broken to me.
Like the 0 to 60, if you'll call it, was really weird for me.
Here's my thing too, and this is not just a Sonic complaint.
This is kind of a complaint of a lot of games that are coming out now.
You don't need to make everything polygons.
You can stick with the sprites and they can still be good.
You don't have to make it all polygons because, honestly, it looks a little weird.
Um, it was okay. I didn't mind the graphics, actually.
It looked like a souped up version of Sonic 2.
Which also, in a way, though, was kind of my problem with it.
It really didn't, at least in those first few levels.
Granted, I understand the later levels are going to be a different kind of game.
But I kind of felt like it was just an HD version of Sonic 2 in the beginning with a different level layout.
Which, you know, take it or leave it. Retro-tastic is kind of where it's at.
I think a lot of companies are trying to find the right place to be with retro games.
Like, Mega Man 9 definitely tickled a lot of people for the happy...
Look at Capcom. They're doing it right.
But I don't know. I don't know if, necessarily, Mega Man 10 was really the right step.
I actually was a little disappointed in Mega Man 10, simply because Mega Man 10...
I expected that Mega Man 10 was going to be this epic, epicness, tenth Mega...
I think Mega Man Universe and what's happening there is what I was expecting for Mega Man 10.
Mega Man 10, as we got it, felt like Mega Man 9 Part 2.
If that makes any sense at all.
Which, yes, I understand. They're all... The old games are kind of like that.
I don't know. I just expected the level of epicness to be raised rather than,
we're going to get away with the same joke that we did with Mega Man 9.
I don't know if that makes sense to anyone else.
Done once, it's brilliant. Done twice, it's a gimmick.
Exactly. Exactly right. That's kind of where I was at with it.
See, what I would want to see is instead of them doing what they did with 10,
if they did like a new X and made it all SNES-tastic.
Yeah, that would have been like at least a slightly different gimmick and would have been kind of cool.
But whatever, it is what it is. It's not like a bad game.
It's just, you know, it was a little more forgettable than 9 because it felt like the same joke as 9 all over again.
But anyway, how did I get from Sonic 4 to Mega Man? Oh well, whatever. I guess this whole retro thing.
So I think in a way, maybe it does relate because in a way that's where Sonic 4 lost some of its magic for me.
Is that we've already seen Sonic on Xbox Live Arcade. We've already seen the Sonic 2.
So it's kind of like to get the Sonic 4 and have it just be kind of like, oh well now it's the HD graphics.
And even when it's the HD graphics, it really doesn't, it just feels like a sharper Sonic 2 if you will.
You know what I mean? I don't know.
But of course, there's gonna be the hardcore Sonic fans that are just gonna eat it up and that's good.
However, you gotta admit, it is a little dumpy of them to be doing this whole splitting it up into the episodes to get more money out of it in the long run thing.
I do think, especially now having played it, that was kind of a tacky move.
And I think it's one that's gonna come bite them when it comes to the sales of episode 2.
But we'll see. Prove me wrong, Sonic fans. We'll see.
Otherwise, the only other game I checked out was on the iPhone and I totally deserved to get teased and made fun of and called names for this.
But I was checking out free games on Game Center and all this and I downloaded a game called Pocket Frogs.
What?
It's called Pocket Frogs and it's a game you breed frogs and you breed them.
You might have a purple frog with green spots and you made it with a white frog and you might get a purple frog with white spots.
You from Easy Vibe is the pocket frog.
Is this like Derby Owners Club for frogs?
But you don't race them. You jump them around on lily pads.
You eat flies and that's really all you ever do with them. You can't combat against friends or anything.
So I will freely admit, this game is fucking stupid. I don't know why I keep playing it.
It's like this obsessive need to collect bullshit. This is like a hoarder's dream right here, this game.
But in my defense, it was completely free.
New show, E Hoarder, starring Rob Roberts.
Seriously?
I had to remove a bunch of apps off of my iPod because I've actually maxed out the memory. I had like 6.5 gigs worth of apps on there.
Of course a lot of them were like those 400 gig apps like the Monkey Island games.
Multiple folks in chat are saying so it's chocobo breeding. Yeah, it's kind of like the chocobo breeding in a way.
Except you can't fly your chocobo over the mountains.
And land in the giant crater so that you can get the materia.
There are pay parts to this game and that is like if you want to use like a growth potion to make your frog egg grow instantly and not have to wait 30 minutes, you can pay like 99 cents.
Or you can get the mail to move fat. Like if all this like impatient people bullshit I can't believe anybody would spend money on but I guess they're making money off it somehow.
You can pay for that. I am happy to say I have not paid one cent towards this game and if I do, you can slap me. Okay?
I'll remember that. I'll remember that next time you buy something on WoW.
No, hold on. Girl that is different. It is not.
If I get the collector's edition of WoW to get my little death wing that is a different story.
Actually Rob, I bought a pet on Star Trek Online. It's like a giant Vulcan cat. It's cute! And I bought tribbles.
ActDeafed in our chatroom says Rob, you basically defended all FarmVille players all over the world. No, because FarmVille is lame.
Speaking of which, I am currently on dog sitting duty for my mom's FarmVille account.
Wait, wait. You got to explain this. Hold on. Is your mom like super addicted to FarmVille?
My mom is super addicted to FarmVille, FrontierVille, that Treasure Island one, all that crap. And she has this farm full of animals and she is insisting that I watch her dogs. I have to feed her dogs because she's on vacation for a week.
I wonder if there's actually some sort of money to be made for a service like that. You know what I mean?
Remember Neopets and how you could just put them in the kennel? They should have something like that.
Seriously. I think a couple of them do. Hire the immigrant workers? I wouldn't mind hiring some from a damn hotel. I'm sorry, I don't play Hotel City or anything.
Ray Iannami in our chatroom says just shut down her accounts while she's gone. It's an intervention. Burn it to the ground!
I'd love to, but I would probably not have a mother after that. Then it would be like, you know, hey, this is Rob Roberts on CBS 13 and Jessica Harper was found dead this evening. Strangled to death by your mother.
I shouldn't feel any pressure here, but she's like, if you don't feed them every single day, they're going to die. They're going to run away. They're not going to want to be part of my farm anymore. I'm like, okay, mom, I'll feed your stupid dogs.
That sounds like my mother.
And she's on Facebook all the time saying, I didn't get my treat basket! Where's my treat basket? Except, you know, in much more of a Southern accent. Y'all, I can't find my treat basket!
I am so glad that my mother, she doesn't play that shit. Well, she stalks people on Twitter. That's what she does. Instead of getting into Farmville and all that stuff, she just reads my Twitter and then calls me and says, what is this about? Why did you tweet about this?
Yeah, I actually just posted something on Facebook a couple days ago that was, you know, the anti-parental tool for Facebook. It was, you know, an SNL skit and I posted it up. I'm like, so mom, do I need this?
Basically, it's like talking about how, well, do you post things that your mom doesn't want to see? And it shows pictures of like him doing, you know, smoking a bong and what have you.
And apparently this tool is supposed to make everything all better and it turns the bong into like a saxophone and turns him drinking beer into like, I need to go buy some dungarees!
We'll have to find it later on on Break or something so you guys can play it because it's pretty humorous.
We'll look for it. Awesome, awesome. Alright, well that's going to do it for my gaming week. I don't want to talk about a whole lot of other stuff so let's get into some other stuff tonight.
Housekeeping, don't have a whole lot to add here. Are we doing a show on Halloween? That's one thing I've got to figure out.
I'd rather not. I thought we were going to go to the Winchester Mystery House.
Well, I've got to work the next day. That's my problem. Stupid words.
I don't know, I've been to the Winchester Mystery House. You should tell them that you celebrated a religious holiday and that you're exhausted from carousing.
Instead it'll be boring in the dark.
Well we'll see, I don't know. I love the Winchester Mystery House.
We will probably pre-tape, I'm going to imagine, that week. So we'll work something out. That sound right guys? We'll probably pre-tape that week.
Pre-tape sounds fine. But we won't be here on Halloween night itself. Otherwise it shows us on schedule as usual.
And of course follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R, speaking of if you want to be like my mom. My mom doesn't know about the O-L-R, I don't think.
And you can follow us on Facebook. Now she does! Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
I was going to mention one part of my gaming week, I got a new laptop. And it's awesome. It's an Asus G60JX, which is just a Core i5 PC.
Core i5s are weird. Actually all those new core systems with the hypothetical threads and, oh we only overclock your system when it's not running hot and that kind of stuff.
Strange. But hey, it runs Grand Theft Auto. That's all I really needed to do.
Does that complete your life? It does. For now.
Our pal Bobby Blackwolf from before us here at Orange Lounge Radio says he will be doing a show because they don't get any trick-or-treaters where he's at.
I am the trick-or-treater. That's why we're not having a show. But that's okay. Bobby will be doing his marathon show on Halloween.
I've learned something about, Rob, since I've become a Jew I've learned something about Halloween. You go shopping for costumes after Halloween so you can use them for porn.
I'm actually deciding between two costumes right now.
I'm sure you could use them for porn too. I guess my Star Trek uniform would be good for sci-fi porn.
Seriously, we went to a party USA or whatever, it's like this big ol' party store, they have tons of costumes and stuff. Or party city, whatever.
See, we wanted to get Josh a Darth Vader costume. That would be great. That would just be so awesome.
No, we couldn't do that. I can't believe you're gonna dress your baby up as Darth Vader. You know what would be great?
We almost gave him the middle name, Vader. They don't call him Master Vader.
No, no, no. Put him in a brown onesie and he could be Darth Tater.
Darth Tater? Not bad. No, but anyways, there was a wall of sexy costumes that they had.
For babies?
No, not for babies.
I'm gonna get you a pedobear costume.
Dude, that would be awesome to dress him up like Pedobear.
You're gonna dress a baby up as Pedobear?
That would be hilarious.
No, we're not.
I'm calling CPS right now.
I would contribute to the baby pedobear fund.
No, that would be funny. No, actually, I think that they are...
She had a costume for him that her mom bought him. I think it was a bear, but it wasn't Pedobear.
They just don't sell those.
No, but they have a wall of sexy costumes. It's ridiculous stuff.
Optimus Prime. Sexy Optimus Prime. I'm sorry, it's just weird.
I've seen sexy Chewbacca recently.
Sexy Brian the dog. It's like, no, that does not need to be sexy.
Spongebob. I mean, it's like, what?
Spongebob. I mean, seriously, I guess, you know...
Spongebob, no pants?
The demand for slutty costumes is great, I guess, you know, and maybe there's women that love Optimus Prime and love loose sex.
New vibrator attachment for your transparent socks?
Only if she makes the wah-wah-wah-wah noise.
All right, chatroom, chat.orangewise.com.
Tigerclaw says, Loki should dress his baby as Mario to match his bedroom.
You know, a toad costume would be cute, though.
Aww, that would be cute.
We've been thinking about that because he has the wonderful mushroom hat that my coworker got.
There you go.
So we could do that. I threw out Mario as an idea.
I don't know, we haven't really decided yet, but she doesn't want to buy costumes because they're not really expensive.
But he's only going to wear them once, and a lot of the costumes that they have for babies are really fucking warm.
And because he's inside, I mean, he's going to be bacon in that thing.
And they're all polyester and stuff.
Because they have, like, a hot dog costume, which is really funny.
You know what would be great?
The Starman.
Oh, the little star.
Wasn't Maggie in an episode of The Simpsons dressed up as a star?
I didn't even remember that.
I used to love The Simpsons back when it was first on.
See, that's the great thing about babies, because you can dress them in, you know, embarrassing outfits, and they don't really understand until they're 18 and you get out the pictures.
I was thinking 10.
You've seen on Facebook where my mother posted pictures of me and my brothers in our old Halloween costumes.
Oh, yes. Good times.
My brother was a popple.
I sort of remember what a popple is.
What were you?
Jane of the Jungle.
I was wearing that leopard print thing.
Alright, Jane of the Jungle.
We're going to get into some news in a little bit.
Wait, I want to ask you, though, quickly, and then I want to ask Jessica another question to do some more reminiscing about the DDR days.
But I want to ask you feedback on Halloween costume, because I know I'm emceeing a Rocky show either Friday or Saturday. I think I'm doing it Friday.
I'm going to be doing that, so I need a costume for that.
So I'm deciding between two.
I want to dress up as a cheerleader from Glee, but then...
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
And so I can come out on stage and say, hey, I look for my Halloween costume. I'm a cheerleader from Glee.
And then turn around and I'll have a bunch of bullet holes in my back and say, that is fantastic, after the Rocky episode aired.
I would go for that, because normally, you know, I can't stay on the show.
Okay, then here's my other thing, is that my second choice is that I want to dress up as Allison from Intervention.
She was the girl that inhaled the computer duster. It's like I'm walking on sunshine!
And I'm thinking of that, too, and I can't decide.
Would people get it, though?
If I had the computer duster and said that a lot, they might.
I'm still taking submissions, though. I need some good ideas.
You could be towel-y.
Towel-y? Just get a big giant towel and put it over your head.
People might take that the wrong way and call me a racist. I don't know about that.
Towel-y? From South Park, right?
Yeah. How would they call you a racist?
You don't have to roll it up into a cone for your head.
My original plan was to be Dr. Horrible, but that would have taken some time.
That would be fun.
All right. Jessica, before we get into some gaming news, which I know we've only been on the air about...
You can be sexy Optimus Prime!
Sexy fat Optimus Prime. That'll be fun. With my butt hanging out.
You never know. That might turn somebody on.
Oh, boy. All right. It won't be Alan. He'll be like, what are you doing? What, what, what are you doing?
I thought we'd gotten past all of this, Rob.
We're only 40 minutes into the show. I haven't hit gaming news yet, but that's okay.
Let's ask Jessica some more DDR fun stuff.
How did you get from being a DDR fangirl, I-can't-pass-boom-boom-dollar-the-first-time to I-am-an-administrator-on-DDR-freak?
What happened? How did you land the...
I was a bitch.
No, actually, it was mostly Jamie's influence that kind of got me into the moderatorship.
We were all, of course, part of DDR Freak forums, and through my friendship with Jamie,
she introduced me to a lot of the Bay Area people, and Bay Area people talked with other Bay Area people,
and actually, humorously enough...
So you were part of a clique?
Kinda, yeah. But humorously enough, J-Dog did not want me as a moderator,
and Sinon actually kind of went behind his back and just, boop, here you go.
Here you go. So I was given my moderatorship because of Jamie and Inuan.
The mod that was not meant to be. Oh boy, I didn't know that.
Yeah, and I was introduced to Sinon and just kind of became a mod from there,
and ever since, like, there was a period of time when J-Dog and I really did not get along at all because of it,
because he always felt that I shouldn't have been a mod, and she's not ready to be a mod yet,
and I know we need more people from all over, but I don't think we need another Sacramento person.
Is there trials you have to go through to become a moderator?
No, you just need to be able to follow the rules.
Be a good babysitter.
You didn't have to kiss J-Dog or anything?
No.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
No, no kissing the co.
We did have a very epic trip to Las Vegas.
Yes, and we were stalked.
Hold on, I want to hear how she got from moderator to administrator.
Well, this is before that.
Okay, okay. Alright, fine, fine.
But no, we'll skip, we'll come back.
As for becoming administrator, it was kind of, I was helping out with a lot of the website stuff.
I was available a lot more than a lot of the people, and Spike, who was the administrator at the time,
he really was having a hard time keeping up with things, and I had become an administrator because of my,
you know, my helping out type of stuff.
I was, you know, doing some of the, working on some of the web stuff, keeping things handled there,
doing the DDR Freak radio, and making sure that, you know, certain people stayed banned, and what have you.
And because of all that, I got my administratorship, and then Spike decided that he just couldn't dedicate enough time anymore,
and it was basically put to a little mini vote between, like, the other, you know, the other big wigs,
and I kind of became head administrator.
The girls at the Mean Girls head table, or whatever?
Yeah, so yeah, I became the head bitch in charge.
Alright.
And that's where I stayed for probably a couple years.
What was the meanest thing you ever had to do, or I guess I should say the bitchiest thing you ever had to do as an administrator?
Oh, God.
Well, it's, okay, here's another humorous story.
A lot of people remember Pyro Freeze.
Oh, guh.
Yes.
And that's the reaction that most people have when mentioning Pyro Freeze.
Um, yeah, he was a troll little lolol to the extreme, and we had to ban him,
and he would evade the ban, and ban him again, evade the ban, ban him again, and this just went on and on and on.
You know, the unfortunate part is that he's very, very smart when it comes to, you know, spoofing IPs and what have you.
Really smart guy.
And he finally decided he was bored with it, left over to DDREI for a while, and then just kind of dropped off the face of the planet.
And then he came back, and he kind of apologized to me for being such a troll for so long.
Like, I grew up, basically?
Yeah, basically I grew up, I was, you know, in my early 20s, and I was being a total jackass,
and we started talking, and I started letting him stay on the forum a little bit more,
and then he and I just kept getting closer and closer as friends, and we ended up going to meet up in Las Vegas.
So I actually met one of our biggest trolls in Las Vegas and had a good time, we gambled.
You didn't sleep with him, did you?
Wait, oh my god!
Just say no. If you want to say no, just say no.
But he had a really big dick.
Wait a minute! I can't believe it!
He's really cute!
For the record, I had no idea. I had no idea.
Rob's face is a special shade of red right now.
I didn't think she was going to say that, I thought she was going to say shut the fuck up.
His face or my face more.
You're both, uh, I would say you're complementary shades.
Wow, okay!
You know what they say, Rob. Keep your friends close, and your friends...
And your enemies closer?
Oh, he was very close.
Yeah, but I'm thinking of like the enemies I had back in the day, and...
No. No. No. No. Not even close. No. Just ew. Ew.
No, it was one of those situations where we were kind of flirtatious ahead of time, and...
One thing led to another, and... Yeah. Stuff.
Wow, okay. That was not the light of questioning, I really...
Whatever, hey.
Well, you know, when the money runs out when you're gambling, what else is there to do in Vegas?
But we did come back with a cute story about how we got married.
How we were married by Elvis, and everything, but yeah.
Nothing came of it, of course, it was just all in good fun, and...
It was my, hey, I'm free from debt, so let me put myself into a tiny bit more to start with again.
Because I had just gotten a new credit card, so...
But it is interesting, all joking and laughing and lols aside, it is interesting how, you know, people really do kind of grow up and mature, and it can really change.
Oh, he 100% did, and... That's great.
Yeah, he's an awesome guy, and I wish him well, I haven't even really talked to him for the past couple of years, but, you know, he's a cool guy.
I think I remember the truce happening, because we started seeing him more and more on the forums, and we talked about it too.
Well, yeah, I was trying to, I actually remember posting something in the moderator forum saying, hey guys, just back off him, you know, he's trying to be good.
Interesting.
Unlike other people who had been complete assholes on the forum, who got banned, and...
Dan's raising his hand.
Yes, sweetie, I know that you're a complete asshole.
Not on the forums!
He says not on the forums.
Like a certain guy by the name of Jared.
By the name of Jared.
And actually, I banned Tran.
Oh, yeah, Tranpawa.
Good times. I love how suddenly it's talked into, like, talking about all the trolls of the DDR Freak days, and which ones of them Jessica's slept with, and which ones she has.
I have Kilroy on my friends list on Facebook now, which is kind of humorous.
Alright, this is funny.
Yeah, so if you are a web troll out there, just know if you turn over a new leaf, you might have some surprises in store.
Thanks, Rob.
You know what?
Next time some damn story about Lolo or something gets brought up on Undersedation Live, it'll be well deserved.
And I do have the caveat that this was at least, like, six years ago.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I don't think that would apply to the newt.
Alright. Let's not go there.
I didn't say it. I said it backwards.
Yes. Hi. Getting into gaming news.
Hey, yes, let's do, let's do, we're only, like, an hour into the show. Haven't even touched on gaming news yet.
Loki! Hey, no, it's okay.
Trust me, it was great.
Loki, put down the I, Os, and let's talk about gaming news.
You sure you don't want to talk about enemies that you've slept with or anything?
I don't know if I have any.
Um, definitely not, definitely not of the online DDR freaks sort.
I buried mine.
But I can't even, no, I mean.
Have you ever had enemies? Actually, I didn't really post much on DDR freaks, so.
Oh, everybody was my enemy. That's the other problem, so.
Yeah.
And now they're all close friends. No kidding.
Um, so there's a new game from Valve that was announced, Defense of the Ancients 2.
And apparently it's going to be including all the 100 plus characters.
Um, and I guess that's from the original game.
Uh, and new social features.
And, um, the game itself, of course, is kind of an action RTS.
And, uh, honestly, I've never played it, nor have heard anything about it.
But, I mean, I remember the same thing with Team Fortress 2.
It's like, Team Fortress 2? What was Team Fortress 1?
Well, this is interesting, then more and more comes out about it.
And, you know, if it's Valve-making, I'm sure it's going to be awesome.
But, um, unfortunately I'll have to wait until, uh, 2011 to actually be able to play the game.
But, um, I'm sure if they're making a sequel to it, it was probably insanely popular to begin with.
Well, yeah, Defense of the Ancients was a huge Warcraft 3 thing.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's, uh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
And, uh, it's going to be sort of, because, you know, since Warcraft has kind of gone the way of World of Warcraft, which is not an RTS,
you basically have Starcraft and you have, you know, your handful of other RTSs on the PC.
Uh, it'll be really, this, this is going to be, you know, especially the fact that, A, it's coming from Valve.
It's a, it's a mod that tons and tons and tons of Warcraft players are very familiar with.
It's going to be very interesting to see how that kind of translates into a spin-off game.
I, I bet it'll be really good.
And very successful the way Team Fortress 2 was.
Absolutely. Especially if they bundle it in an Uber pack of games like they did, you know, with Team Fortress 2.
Well, I don't even think that's necessary, but just the support that they put towards their games, I mean,
like it even Left 4 Dead or Left 4 Dead 2 or Team Fortress.
I mean, it's just so much damn support after the fact that, you know, they really keep up interest in the game long after it's come out.
You know, maybe there will be like a sequel to the Orange Box that could be this and, uh, I don't know,
like maybe Half-Life Episode 3, just saying.
Sequel to the Orange Box, the blue ball.
Alright. Uh, wah wah wah. Alright, uh, speaking of wah wah and sad things,
the developers behind Xbox 360's game rooms is shutting their doors.
That's right. Chrome Studios, they're located in Australia. They are shutting down.
It's a done deal, unfortunately.
Sadly, this was sort of something you kind of saw coming because they've been scaling back for a while.
They closed some of their studios throughout Australia earlier in the year.
The remaining staff at the studios in Brisbane and Melbourne have been let go.
Both studios are closing their doors tomorrow morning, which would be today in Australia.
They're like, scale back, way back. No, really, all the way back. You're gone.
It's the future in Australia.
The sad thing is that they were Australia's largest development house and so now they are gone.
Of course there are some lingering questions as to what's going to happen to Game Room
because they were kind of the biggest things behind Game Room.
I promise you, just as many releases on Game Room now as there...
Yeah, they'll keep scaling it back to like one game a week.
Well, I mean, it should be said there are still games being released for Game Room.
There are?
Oh, yeah. They've been pretty good about doing them every week.
I'm not going to say they're always good games or well known, but actually I believe I was looking at what was coming up next week.
Let me look real quick here. There's actually a list available on Wikipedia.
So I don't know if I would say doom and gloom in the end of Game Room just yet because they still have.
For October 13th, Game Pack 10 gets more releases that include Radar Lock...
Oh, no. That was this week. I'm sorry.
What was on deck for next week?
Oh, here we go.
Breakout on the Atari, Double Dunk on the Atari, and Jackal, the arcade game from Konami, which was a classic game of the week before.
So, I mean, they still have some...
Even though two of those releases are kind of...
Okay, whatever. You do still have a pretty good memorable title in there.
And that's going to be Game Pack 11 because I think that's the start of a new Game Pack.
So I don't think you can say that Game Room's really dead.
Seeing as the Microsoft logo's on that, it would make sense to me that the assets will get transformed over to Microsoft.
That might ultimately be a good thing because maybe Microsoft will give it to someone else and say,
Here, make this better. Or they will say, We will now write this off. So I don't know what's going to happen.
It's sort of on life support right now.
It is, but it'll be interesting to see if the sales are good, where there's money to be made.
One of Game Room's biggest flaws, besides all the things I've talked about this game way too much on the show,
but despite the flaws it has of no online multiplayer at the same time and all that,
one of its other biggest drawbacks is no publishers besides Atari and television and Konami seem to be on board.
If they could at least get a couple more publishers or some rights to some other games,
even if it's Commodore 64, computer games, they could really breathe some life back into this thing,
but it'll just depend on do they want to, are the sales there,
but even if they're only selling 50 copies of Jackal, which I bet they're selling more than that,
It's a fucking ROM. It doesn't take that much.
It's free money.
They build the emulator and that's it.
Well, they have to, to be fair, they have to do art for the cabinet, they have to QA to make sure it doesn't glitch.
There is some work.
Art for the cabinet? That stuff's already out there.
But they have to make it into the Xbox art, you know what I mean?
They have to turn what was out there into an actual in-game thing.
I'm not saying it's a lot of work, Loki. It doesn't take like a 20-man team to do,
but there is some work involved in it.
Fine.
So it's not completely free. Anyhow.
And some spazzinator, PSN in our chatroom at chat.order-sons-ready.com says,
Game Room is one of my favorite games on my 360 and Defective Candy says,
Baw, I loved Game Room.
There's a lot I do still like about Game Room, you know, and I'm kind of sad to see that it might be done.
But I don't, you know, Black Wolf in chat says,
Even the games, quote, nobody plays has at least 400 people on the leaderboard.
So, you know, 400 times 3, $1200. That's still something.
He said he was playing in television pinball, and that was one of the...
Wow. Alright, anyhow.
And I agree with Rama, we need Mercs.
Let's move on to some more gaming news, Dark Sakura, and we'll see.
I don't think, I would not put the nail in the coffin of Game Room just yet.
It might be on life support, as Jamie said, but it's not flatlined yet.
Well, speaking in terms of games that have previously been on their last legs that may or may not have a forever title attached to it coming out one day.
I'm still not holding my breath for the record.
It'll be this spring.
I'm not holding my breath.
At any rate, there is a non-commercial license out to go ahead and make the fan-made Duke Nukem Next Gen.
That is basically a remake of Duke Nukem 3D using the Unreal Engine.
And I watched some of the film of it, and it looks sweet.
Duke Nukem 3D, I have to say, was probably my...
You know what? I think I played this before I played Doom.
Really?
And it was also my first LAN game that I ever played.
Where you get to do the little voice macros in it. It was really great.
Anyway, he was also working on Next Gen remakes of Daikatana and Sin, but this one was given the green light, so he was going to make a multiplayer demo of it that should be out fairly soon.
And the full version will be out, he says, when it's done.
And it's just a code frame.
Check this out.
Go ahead. That's actually really cool for the developers to do.
I'm very surprised that they're not trying to do it themselves.
Well, I'm very surprised that they aren't going to put this on a console, because seriously, an HD remake of Duke Nukem 3D would be fucking awesome.
Well, it would be a little redundant, because there's already Duke Nukem 3D.
Who cares, though? I mean, a little redundant. I mean, all these HD versions of games, and that's just making the sprites look prettier. This is actually rebuilding the game.
It looks gorgeous.
Oh, yeah, they definitely kind of rebuilt that first level in there, and I know this doesn't translate well to radio, but you're kind of seeing a...
I'm going to link the video in the chatroom.
You're kind of seeing a remake of that first level, where you're on the rooftops and things kind of crash down. You sort of see a remake of that here in this engine.
That's pretty cool.
It moves very smoothly.
I'd be very cool if you can kind of get the multiplayer and everything working in this.
That would be fantastic.
Again, I'm just surprised the developers sort of said, yeah, we're not going to do it. Go ahead.
You know? And kind of was a step above the whole King's Quest Silver Lining debacle, where that game got shut down, and then it didn't get shut down, and all that stuff. That was very cool.
I think this is... I would play this. And normally, first person games like that, especially ones that are actually 3D models, make me really motion sick. I would still play this.
This would probably be my new Portal.
It would be fun, especially with the multiplayer and everything. But I don't know. Some things I think we tend to see through the retro-colored glasses, a little play on the rose-colored glasses, retro-colored glasses, because I know when I played Duke Nukem 3D on Xbox Live, I was like, oh, this is cool.
And then I was like, oh, but I don't know. It's just not the same as it was when I was 18 in the college dorms.
Kind of like playing Atari now versus playing Atari when you were first...
There's some games that never lose their charm in Atari.
You make a good point, but I don't play it... I don't play it as much as I used to when I was a kid, but it's still kind of cool to have.
Because, yeah, sometimes I'll get bored, and I'll just kind of go into game room, and I'm like, oh, let me just play Keystone Capers for a minute. And then I'm done.
I don't stay up all night playing it like I used to when I was six, and we would have people in little sleepovers and whatever, but it's still kind of cool to have.
Anyhow. Alright, moving on to some more gaming news, release dates, Classic Game of the Week coming up in a little while as well, but first, Loki.
Yes, Red Dead Redemption, of course, is getting its new expansion pack. Coming out October 26th, the Undead Nightmare brings zombies into the wonderful game of Red Dead Redemption.
And that's all sorts of awesome by itself, but if you happen to, say, want to skip buying Red Dead Redemption, just want to get straight to the zombies, screw all this single player storyline,
you can actually purchase a standalone disc that bundles together all of the download content.
Undead Nightmare pack, that's coming with Outlaws to the End co-op mission pack, Legends and Killers pack, Liars and Cheats pack, and the multiplayer free roam mode.
That's going to be in stores, I guess, it's a couple weeks actually, for 30 bucks, and I believe that's only on Xbox 360, but it may very well be coming to both platforms, but as of right now I know it's coming to Xbox 360, but that's cool.
Because zombies have to be in everything, right?
Hell yeah. You have a zombie horse, you can fight zombie bears.
With your zombie guns?
The guns are not living.
How well does the whole DLC in stores thing do? I don't know if you have any insight to that from your distribution perspective, but does that actually do well?
This is different though, and yes, they do sell, but this is separate, you do not need the original game to play this.
Oh, I missed that, sorry.
It's just the online component only to the game. Well, you can technically play the free roam offline, but there's no storyline. It's just, here's the world, go play. That's it.
That's kind of neat. A nice alternative, I guess, for those that maybe don't even want to play the single player.
Well, you really should play the single player, because it's really awesome, but yeah, that's cool, and I haven't really been buying any of the download content for Red Dead Redemption, but I may have to check this out, because I do like me some zombies.
Alright, well something else we like here at Orange On Radio, of course, is the old school music games, and one of those music games, you know, we've been talking a lot about DDR tonight, but of course there was another game that was very near and dear to a lot of our hearts, and that was Beatmania 2DX.
And Beatmania 2DX, you may or may not know, it's still going in Japan, and even as machines trickle over here to the US, it's going on here too.
But in the homes, they've stopped somewhat in Japan, and it's been a while. It's been a year since Beatmania 2DX 16, what was it, Princess was 16th? I don't even remember.
Princess.
Yes, Beatmania 2DX 16 was like a year ago that that came out, and they did say it would be the last PlayStation 2 release. Well being that it's been a year, and no sign of Beatmania 2DX 17, which came out in arcades some time ago, and now what, they've already announced 18 as well, so they're getting ahead.
Some Japanese fans actually took it up to create a petition saying, hey, we want Beatmania 2DX 17, Sirius, to come out for the consoles, either be PlayStation 2 or PlayStation 3 or what have you.
But see that's the problem though, is they have, before it was just, you know, take the same engine, add new songs. Done. Reskin it, done.
And the chat room was yelling at me, it was Empress, not Princess.
Thank God, because Princess is really gay sounding. No, I was gonna say-
And what's wrong with that?
No, there should be Diva Edition.
What's wrong with that is I don't think you'd have as many players playing Princess.
Beatmania 2DX 19 style, super pretty happy fun edition.
I'd play that.
Super gay unicorn edition.
Always have fun at Beatmania.
Exactly.
I'd have to play that actually.
That's easy.
But only that shader.
That has nothing to do with the game.
See that's what I think the problem is right now, they don't have a brand new piece of software to work off if they don't have anything made before.
So they're trying to create something new in order for it to support Beatmania.
And really they could just upskill the stuff that they have, but whatever.
Well regardless, some Japanese fans decided to get together and start this online petition which started circulating its way on some of the big American sites like Bimani style and some of those as well.
Is, hey, you need to release this game over here.
What's interesting though, you might go, oh yeah, online petitions, yeah, you're gonna have a lot of luck with those because those always do the trick.
Unless it's Betty White and Saturday Night Live, it's not gonna happen. Right?
I was part of that one.
Me too.
But, here's the thing, is that you might remember Beatmania 2DX 7th style many years ago.
There was a huge break between 6th style and 7th style.
7th style never came out until Konami was like, okay well if X, Y number of people pre-order the game then we'll make it in a limited, I don't know.
But they finally ended up releasing it and it was a big deal.
I mean it kept the series going from 7 through 16 on the Playstation 2 which is a very long time.
And Konami actually responded to this.
Konami has written a little response.
They actually used the little Twitter tag thing, CS serious or whatever.
They put, were another 2DX CS game to be released, would you like it to be on PS2, PS3, or another system?
This might tie in a little bit too and I think something that's not really touched on in this particular article I'm looking at but I remember on Naoki Madea's Facebook,
he actually was asking, and he does a lot of the stuff in music games, he asked a very similar question.
He did like a little survey, like what systems do you play games on, do you want to see games on PS3, what games do you want to see?
So Konami is kind of exploring this a little bit and I think, I hope anyway, a lot of people responded to this saying PS3, PS3, do it, do it, do it.
It was a great thing, hopefully it would be region free because PS3 is region free.
It would be region free. You wouldn't even have to worry about having to get a Japanese PlayStation 3.
I've got pilot controllers in the vault.
Good times.
Just collecting dust.
Region locked either though, so.
Orange Right in our chat room says, is CS serious endorsed by President Cat?
Oh, President Cat.
I think so, but remember CS serious is coming from Japan and President Cat would be a US thing even though he could be like the world's president, so I think there would need to be like Ambassador Puppy or something.
And President Cat's a girl.
Alright.
Maybe that's why we didn't get President Cat over here.
And Black Wolf, our pal, is correcting us saying it was 15,000 pre-orders because he was one of them.
I knew a couple people that were in on that too.
So it will be interesting to see if Konami continues with this. I think they will. My gut tells me they'll do it and it will be PS3.
We'll see.
And I'll probably buy it.
I think it will be multi-platform because they're not going to put all their eggs in PS3.
Well if it's Japan only then yeah it would be PS3, but if it does come out over here it will be multi-platform because PS3 sales over here aren't.
I don't think they'll bother with it over here.
Honestly I think what they're going to do is do it on PS3 for wide release in Japan and do a limited release on PS3 in the United States.
That would make sense.
That's what I see happening.
How many copies did they make of Beatmania when they brought it out over here?
And does Beatmania's 2DX still use licensed music? It's more about like the controllers would be the biggest pain in the butt.
Well they've got controllers. If they used the redone model for the controllers they really were a lot better.
Yeah but now it's all USB on the PS3. You have to have a converter which either way you're looking at some type of peripheral.
I'm sure they could rework the controller.
They make them.
There's also those multi-converter things so you can use other controllers on different systems.
If they haven't been locked out by Sony.
Or just use your guitar. Just play 2DX on your guitar. Freaks.
Not guitar freaks. Guitar Hero. Guitar Hero. Whatever.
I was really hoping to have DJ Hero 2 this week. I got cock blocked at work unfortunately.
I'm sorry to hear it.
Life sucks sometimes.
It's like if I can't get it that early I don't want it.
Well how about something else though about Guitar Hero since we brought it up.
It sucks. Actually it's dying.
It's actually dying.
Uh oh. Dying. Um.
Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock sold 86,000 copies its first week in the US on all formats.
Yeah here's the numbers for the other ones.
Guitar Hero 5 sold 499,000 units.
Is that overall or in its first week?
In its first week.
These are first months that I'm going through now.
This was just the first week. The 86,000.
The rest of these are going to be.
Guitar Hero 5 sold 499,000 in its first month in 2009.
Guitar Hero World Tour sold 50,000 in its first week in 2008.
And Guitar Hero 3 sold 1.4 million units in 5 days.
Now these are also going back in time.
We're talking 499,000 units in a month for Guitar Hero 5 in 2009.
And then in 2008 and before that in 2007.
But they're talking about in its first month?
No.
Its first week.
Guitar Hero 5 was in its first month.
It sold just under as many units as Guitar Hero World Tour did in a week.
Oh. Wow. Okay.
And most of these games tend to sell in the first few weeks.
Although, couldn't you argue that Guitar Hero is going to have some lasting power through the holidays?
Because it's a game that Grandma might buy the kids?
I don't know so much.
I mean, really, if it was going to draw in the business, the numbers would have stayed steady, I think.
No one cared about Guitar Hero this year.
And the reason why is because they...
Rock Band 3?
No, not really, because a lot of people don't care about Rock Band 3 either.
They kind of have the mentality, oh, music games, that genre is dead.
They're dumb.
Well, actually going to say that, Harmonix actually had to convince people that the whole genre wasn't declining.
Basically the CEO was saying, and I quote,
I absolutely do not believe that rhythm action gaming has reached its peak.
But, eh, they're saying in the UK that Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock launched at a 6 on the list and rated a 7 out of 10.
Well, here's the thing is, I think Guitar Hero is just getting stale to a lot of people.
I mean, what did this new game bring to the table?
They brought transforming characters.
We get a keytar in Rock Band.
Here's why Guitar Hero 5 sold more than Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock.
Guitar Hero 5, for the first month, included Guitar Hero Van Halen for free.
The new Guitar Hero included a Soundgarden album.
Who gives a crap about the Soundgarden album?
I would have gotten the Soundgarden album.
Okay, let me put it this way.
I'm a Van Hagar fan, so I would have picked Soundgarden over...
But it was a game that people would be able to get their hands on months before it was released.
A $12 CD versus a $40 game, I get it.
But keep in mind...
They charge full price.
Assholes.
Just as many copies sold in a week a year before, and it didn't have a pack in a bonus game.
Might I remind everybody, once again, and I can't say Activision is the only culprit for this, but...
Wii games, or Wii versions of Guitar Hero, and Wii versions of Rock Band, and Wii versions of DJ Hero,
and the Wii versions of the Tony Hawk Shred game that's coming out, all $60 retail.
Wow.
Despite the fact that most Wii games top out at $50.
Their excuse, oh, we need more money for music licensing.
Wait, wait, wait, why is Tony Hawk more expensive then?
Cuz, you know...
Cuz we wanna pay the Deftones more money.
Cuz no one's gonna buy it anyway, so, you know, whatever.
$1,000,000.
Bobby makes a good point in our chat room.
BlackWolf in chat.orangetownshreddy.com, live here on this Sunday night, says,
Yeah, hey, music games are an oversaturated genre.
There are a total of four music games that came out this year.
And how many first person shooters?
I know, right?
Or sports games? Or...
You know, just saying.
I think what's gonna come down...
We'll have to see how Rock Band 3 does, because it's not...
I mean, you can't really go off of Green Day Rock Band.
Cuz I knew that was gonna be terrible when it first came out.
Or when it was first announced.
And the Beatles Rock Band, eh...
Was awesome?
But both are niche. Both are niche.
They are niche.
Even though the Beatles is like, a big niche, and Green Day is a smaller niche,
They're both a little too...
They're niche, and that limits the audience.
I think Rock Band 3 is gonna be pretty incredible.
But I don't think it's gonna be as big of a jump as Rock Band 1 to Rock Band 2.
Because a lot of people are like,
Well, why do I need the upgrade? Cuz I have all these thousands of songs already.
You know, with download content, do I really need 80 songs?
I think Rock Band 3 will have the lasting power through Christmas, though.
I think Rock Band 3 will be one of those.
It's not gonna impress when it first comes out, but it's just gonna...
It'll be very steady.
It's got the harmony in it, doesn't it?
Yeah.
So that makes me happy. I'm getting it.
It's gonna be the game that people see at parties and want to get at their own house.
I'm getting a fucking keyboard.
That's one of the key mistakes that this new Guitar Hero...
And this is the point I wanted to get to in the beginning.
Guitar Hero, the new things it brought to the table were almost all single-player things.
But Rock Band 3 is bringing more things to the multiplayer experience.
A fast story mode, a new keyboard, these new ways of dropping in and out really quick.
Everything it's bringing to the table is for the party.
And a new promo-type thing, which, I mean, some people might be interested in that.
And with, like, at least the drums and the keyboards, that might kind of teach you how to play that stuff.
I guess even the guitar, if you want to spend the money on the guitar.
Well, Rob, you remember my birthday?
We did nothing but play Rock Band the entire time.
And it was fun, and people who were just arriving could just come in and play.
And we were cycling people out. It's an easy party game.
Tiger C'mon, our chat room, has a good point.
Rock Band 3 is going to raise the bar because of its peripherals can be used as real instruments.
Guitar Hero will soon follow with their own version.
That's a darn good point. We didn't even address that.
One thing that Rock Band has that Guitar Hero is not going to have is this whole learn to actually play, or the pro mode.
Granted, it's, you know, a little bit controversial, and who knows how many people will actually get to really learn to play from it.
But I know me, personally, as someone who played the piano and the keyboard and all that stuff growing up,
I am really excited about the pro keyboard mode that's going to be in this game,
and the fact that you are actually learning keyboard parts for these songs. That's awesome.
Or, someone like Bobby could probably appreciate this.
They also have the MIDI controller that you can buy for your MIDI-enabled instruments, and just drop that in straight to the game.
Doesn't he have a full MIDI drum set?
I believe he does. And probably a keyboard.
He's a huge drummer guy. He makes money off some of that stuff, so I imagine he does. He'll say in chat in a minute, I'm sure.
He writes his own theme song. He's gotta have some fun toys there.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world.
We could use a new theme song too, Bobby.
Let's travel around the world and take a look at some release dates and things coming to a store near you.
This week is quite exciting. Like I mentioned before, I was trying to get it, but I gotta wait until it comes out like everybody else.
Whatever.
So DJ Hero 2 is coming out this week. That's going to be on all three major systems.
I guess I'll have to wait until the 3DS version comes out for the portable DJ Hero.
So that's kinda cool.
And then of course they're going to be re-releasing the first DJ Hero game in case you want to buy the standalone thing.
And then they have the bundles with the controllers. The bundles with two controllers and a microphone because you need two turntables and a microphone.
So that's all fun stuff.
Other slightly more boring stuff.
Solitaire Overload Plus I had delayed from last week. Still hasn't come out. Still don't care.
Kirby's Epic Yarn that came out today, so that's pretty exciting.
Farmtopia on the DS. It's a farm sim. Awesome.
G.
My First Dollhouse. Not picking that one up, but that's on the DS as well.
I Love Puppies. That's also on DS.
Other fun things coming out.
Zuzu Pets. Kung Zu also held over from I think last week. That's on DS.
And also those new Tron controllers that glow. Those are coming out this week.
Need one to have to have.
I totally want that keyboard and mouse set.
Can I just say a tangent because I want to do that whole like, I got something special. I got tickets to that Tron Knight thing.
And I just realized yesterday, same day as my friend's birthday, that if I don't go to whatever birthday shenanigans she plans, I will be murdered.
So yeah. I don't know if I'm going to be able to go now. Sad panda.
And no, taking her to Tron Knight is not an option because that's not something she'd want to do.
Sorry Loki.
Another holdover from last week. Lead Shred featuring the Jamaican bobsled team on the Wii.
What?
Wait, wait, wait. I remember you mentioning that last week and I made fun of it.
That's why I said it was a holdover from last week.
Oh, sorry.
As was the Wii inflatable racing cart.
Yeah, Rob, pay attention.
Sorry, I was reading our chat room and looking at Bobby's pictures.
I want the inflatable racing cart. We should put Shermy in it.
And the best part about that Wii inflatable racing cart, much like the inflatable raft, I'm sure that could be used in the pool as well.
Naruto, ship it in. Ultimate Ninja Storm 2 coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
EA Sports MMA on PlayStation 3 and 360 this week.
A little known game called Fallout New Vegas coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Oh, I've heard of that game.
Yes, I hear it's popular.
Yes, I hear Fallout is a little cult franchise. I hear it's a very artsy game.
Arcanium Gothic 4 on Xbox 360 out this week.
Imagine Resort Owner. Imagine I Don't Care. That's on DS.
Enhance for the DSi, by the way.
Active Life Explorer. That's Namco's fitness kids game. That's on the Wii.
Kevin Van Dam Fishing on PlayStation 3. Not as exciting as Jean-Claude Van Dam Fishing.
And that joke was fail.
Blazing Souls Accolade on PSP this week.
Sesame Street. Elmo's Eat-A-Zoo Adventure.
Did you say Sesame Street?
No, I said Sesame Street.
I want to go to Sesame Street. Listen, bird!
You know, I had these DVDs I brought home for Nelly. It was Sesame Shalom.
I want to see that.
Jewish Sesame Street.
Yeah, I've seen pictures of them. I've went in to see those.
Yeah. She's like, this is stupid. I'm like, okay.
CSI Fatal Conspiracy on Wii. I believe that's PlayStation 3 and 360.
Saw II Flesh and Blood on PlayStation 3 and 360 this week.
Oh god, that's right. I forgot they were making a sequel to the Saw game.
Bakugan Defenders of the Core on the Wii.
And PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, 360, and DS and PSP I believe.
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 11 on...
Lots of stuff this week.
DS, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and then of course they're going to have bundles for all that stuff.
They're actually making a wireless shotgun for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 which is kind of neat, I suppose.
What other fun stuff? Brunswick Cosmic Bowling with a bowling ball.
That's right. I mentioned that last week and that's still a bad idea.
Rock of the Dead on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 this week.
Might be just the 360 version because I thought PlayStation 3 got delayed.
Seems to be a big week. Is the holiday season like, are we here now?
Oh yeah, we're here.
Oh wow, it seems like we're here early this year.
I guess it is October, it's like mid-October. Where have I been?
This is like the third week of October.
Dirt Rock, yes I have.
The Shoot on PlayStation 3, it's the backlot themed shooter game.
Smart Girls Playhouse Party, that's a game for little kids.
That's on the PS.
Sesame Street's Cookies Counting Carnival on the Wii and DS and PC.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Ben 10 Ultimate Alien Cosmic Destruction on Xbox 360, that got delayed apparently.
Flip's Twisted World on the Wii.
Holy crap that's expensive.
For the PlayStation 3 to get geared up for Gran Turismo 5.
Apparently Thrustmaster has a really expensive steering wheel that you can get for $250.
Called the Ferrari Wireless GT Cockpit 430.
Thrustmaster.
Scuderia edition.
Thrust it, thrust it!
Thank you, that's what I was getting at.
Were you listening last night? Cause I brought that exact same thing up.
I was like oh my god the bopagon, there's only so many times you can say pull it and whack it.
Before somebody's going to wonder why this is a G show.
No I admit I was at the wedding reception and I probably wouldn't have even gotten signal to run the all games app on my phone to listen.
I had a good conversation about that last night on the show.
Well if you ever update your podcast feed, DG Morpheus, just saying.
Vanquish, the new game from Platinum Games is out this week.
That's right, this is the one that came from the creator of the Resident Evil series.
That's on PlayStation 3 and 360 this week.
Dragon Ball Z Tenkaichi tag team on PSP.
Holy crap there's a lot of stuff.
Time Crisis Raising Storm on PlayStation 3.
This is the second game you can use your Gun Con 3.
Woo hoo! Gun Con 3.
What other fun stuff do we have coming out this week?
Eve Online commissioned Officer Edition for PC.
Cars Toon Mater's Tall Tales on the Wii.
Cars Toon Mater's Tall Tales on the Wii.
She's laughing because I got told to shut my whore mouth by a lovely host of another radio show in our chat room.
Who's not Bobby?
Hidden Mysteries Salem Witch Trials on the Nintendo DS.
Lots of junk.
Is that your professional assessment as a video game analyst?
Crap crap and more crap.
Super analyst, okay.
Is Toon making me think of Madeline Kahn?
No no no no no yes.
Can I go to Japanese releases?
No you can't, we're not done yet.
Bring a book to the show.
I'm going to girlcat your list, Loki, so we can move on to Rob.
No, we're almost done.
Hurry up.
Shaun White's Skateboarding.
That's the last thing coming out, it's a week from today.
And that is on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
I am done.
I love Bobby. Bobby's so great.
Do you now?
Thank you for that clarification.
I was like, wait, did I say that?
Alright, let's move on to Japanese release dates.
Xbox 360 in Japan!
We have FIFA Soccer 11, Medal of Honor, Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Storm 2,
R.U.S.E. or Roos, and Vanquish all come out on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
That's on the 21st.
R.U.S.
Rats of Unusual Size.
On the Playstation 3 we have Big 3 Gun Shooting,
which I'm sure is the same as one of those games that Loki just named with the gun gone.
Beat Sketch comes out this week.
As well as FIFA Soccer 11, Kung Fu Rider,
Me and My Pet, which I think is the what?
Connectimal?
That's an eye pet.
Not on the SOTY system.
Medal of Honor, Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm 2,
and the Playstation Eye and the Move and the Resident Evil 5 pack are all this week in Japan.
It'd be better if it was Me and My Penthouse Pet.
R.U.S.E., Sports Champion, and Vanquish all also on the Playstation 3 this week in Japan.
So I guess we're getting into a very busy week in Japan as well.
Just so you know, is this game in the U.S. Beat Sketch?
I don't know this one.
No, I thought that was coming out only on the Playstation Network here.
Interesting, because they are releasing it as a title on the Playstation 3.
It is a move game where it looks like you kind of draw and little patterns sort of come out.
You sketch the different Playstation shapes or whatever,
and I'm assuming it kind of makes music.
And you can see this lovely little girl here drawing flowers,
and I'm assuming it's music because you see a little counter in the corner.
So it looks like it might be kind of neat.
That looks kind of fun. Could you imagine though playing like Oendan with something like that?
If they ever brought Oendan out on the Wii.
Is there a music game you'd like to see on Playstation Move?
I want Space Channel 5, I'm not even going to lie.
That would be fantastic.
I was trying to think whether...
It has to have a special controller that looks like Ulala's mic.
Here's a preview here real quick in the studio for this beat sketch,
and I'll post this YouTube to our chat room as well.
It looks like Mario Paint but happier or something, I don't know.
I don't know.
I see that people are drawing on the screen.
Some really intricate artwork though.
Interesting. It's cute.
Yeah, it looks like it could be neat.
It's a clever little commercial, it doesn't really say much about the game.
If you want to see that YouTube we were just playing, FamitsuTube is the link there.
I'm assuming that must be part of Famitsu Magazine. There you go.
I was going to say there is the new Dance Dance Revolution game that will be coming out
that actually utilizes the Playstation Move to do all sorts of weird Para type stuff.
This week here in the US or is that soon?
No, it's next month. About a month from now.
You know what, I could just hook up the Pink Biscuits.
Going to the Japanese release dates on the Nintendo Wii.
Minna de Buchen Family Trainer comes out this week in Japan.
I don't know what this game is. It's a sports game of some sort but it looks like cute little Indiana Jonesy family characters.
In fact, even on the cover they have a family dressed up as Indiana Jones.
It looks like a newer version of the power pad that two people use at once is what it looks like.
Imagine you have an up, down, and no arrow facing towards the other player but one facing away.
It's like three arrows in the center.
Yes, that's the active life game that came out over here.
Oh, okay. So it is. Interesting.
Well, it's definitely regionalized for Japan now. It's coming out over there.
Yes, because it doesn't have kids on the front. It has cutesy anime stuff on the front.
Yes. No More Heroes 2, Desperate Struggle comes out this week in Japan.
And the Super Mario Collection Special Pack which we've talked about earlier on the show.
The whole, if you want to pay a lot of money for an old Super Nintendo ROM.
Super Mario All Stars game that they could have brought to the Virtual Console because they don't release anything on Virtual Console anymore.
Are you done?
On the Nintendo DS, Strike Witches 2 Yasunaso Puni Puni Suru comes out this week on the Nintendo DS.
What game is that? I don't know.
It's a shooter.
It's a shooter too. Dang, these characters are huge. It looks like Contra with chicks wearing bunny ears in school uniforms with skirts that are way too short.
And there's kind of a sensual massage between two chicks going on right there.
There's no such thing as skirts that are way too short.
Just saying.
Lastly on the PS...
Can I do mine? Can I do mine? Can I do mine?
Just pee real quick, I promise. FIFA Soccer 11 Beyblade Portable Slaughter Mania P. Okay, now you can do yours.
Okay. Mine are very, very British.
Okay, not really.
Releases for the UK. We have today. Well, it's already today. It's the future there. I forgot.
The 17th, The Political Machine on PC. On the 20th is Costume Quest Super Meat Boy.
On the 21st we have Professor Layton and the Unwound Future. On the 22nd, EA Sports MMA and Fallout New Vegas, which is gonna be hot.
We also have Monopoly Streets and NBA Jam and Vanquish and Vanquish.
And no more Vanquish.
And no more mic cord.
Did it cut out again?
Yeah, we have dead air right now.
You alright?
Do we have dead air now?
No, you're good.
Okay, do you want me to read my list again?
No, no, we just didn't get the Vanquish, Vanquish and More Vanquish part that you said.
Okay, on the 22nd is Vanquish. And also on the 22nd, Vanquish. And no more Vanquish.
Promise me we'll get a mic cord before next week.
Death Spank's coming out the week after. And that just has the best name ever, Death Spank.
Bobby in our chat room again has a really good comment. Beat Sketches is close to Owen Don as she'll actually be able to get, he says.
Sad face. Owen Don is awesome.
I don't know about that. Because I think that the new Dance Dance Revolution game has some fruity little mode in it that's, you know, with the stupid move controllers.
I'm sorry, I can't take Konami seriously anymore with their dancing games. I mean, just with Dance Master, you're gonna really look at, you can learn how to dance with this game.
No, you're gonna look like a fool if you try to do what they do in that game in real life.
But Para Para was awesome because you looked like a fool, am I right?
Don't get me wrong, okay?
Jessica, didn't you love the Para Para?
Not totally. There was a couple that I knew how to do that I liked, but other than that, I'm like, I'm gonna goth dance this shit!
I loved it when you goth danced on the Para Para machine because it was like this walking irony.
I'm gonna goth dance to super happy music!
Don't get me wrong, I mean, I probably have the game pre-ordered just to check it out, but, I mean, come on. I'm not taking it seriously.
I'm not going, hey, this is an awesome new dance franchise from Konami. I just see this as, oh my god, this pile of shit is gonna be stinking up my room.
But I'm gonna check it out for the sake of the show. Taking one for the team, if you will.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news. The classic game of the week is just up ahead.
Yes, with Halloween right around the corner, apparently Sony is allowing you to download some free movies.
You can check out some free midnight movie rentals on your Playstation 3.
They are available for a very select period of time. In fact, this weekend they had Bram Stoker's Dracula.
That was available from 5pm on the 16th to 3am on the 17th.
Next week they're gonna have Savage County, same time frame, 5pm on October 23rd to 3am on October 24th.
And also, of course, Nightmare on Elm Street, the original one.
That's gonna be available on actually Halloween from 5pm on October 30th to 3am on October 31st.
I think that's kinda cool. They should really do that just with random movies all throughout the year. Not necessarily horror movies.
Maybe it's a trial thing.
I think it's a good idea to get people excited about that. And also for people that maybe have downloaded a lot of movies from their service and then got ripped off and their movies went bye-bye and they had to fight them tooth and nail.
The phone calls we've had on the show before.
What about, are these movies hosted by Elvira? Because I'm sorry, it's not a true Halloween midnight movie spectacular without Elvira hosting.
Dude, that would be awesome. They should have some sort of hosted stuff.
Sadly I could actually tell you. She's in a new movie called All About Evil, but she's actually Cassandra Peterson.
Her normal self is in this movie All About Evil that's directed by Peaches Christ, who is a drag queen in San Francisco.
It's like a... Alan and I kinda wanna go see it.
That's kinda something cool. They should do that though for like, say, instead of this...
What was it?
Here, download a movie for free. Put a little work into it to make it awesome.
Not necessarily that, but actually have it where you can watch a movie with friends and stuff. But do it like 1 vs 100.
Have a theater full of people, have it hosted by Elvira or something like that.
Mystery Science Theater type of thing.
The last Elvira experience I had was playing Pimple.
But then you can even chat to friends and stuff like that.
Or here is a novel concept, Sony. I'm gonna give you some consulting advice for free.
Here is how to make people interested in shit they were never interested in before on Sony.
Do it all in Sony Home. Play the movie in the theater on Sony Home and everybody could actually be in the theater.
And you could have a live host up on the stage being a dork and doing the whole riff tracks thing.
And it's something new and kind of cool.
And then pay Orange Lounge $5,000 for the idea.
I gave that to Sony for free.
But we want the money anyway.
You can put me and Sony Home for that free advice. There you go.
But seriously, I'm surprised that they haven't done something like that Rocky Horror Picture Show with you.
Rob can have no neck.
Frisbee in the chat room says throw virtual popcorn at the screen.
Amazing idea. Your avatars could...
With the move.
I'm just trying to picture the time warp.
I could just see some total asshats though that would just sit there the whole time flailing around on their move and just popcorns flying everywhere.
The entire movie.
That's fine. But like you get points for hitting your props at the right cue?
Like you press A for, you know, squirt gun?
Let's see. Going to some comments from the chat room. Tigerclaw was saying Elvira needs her own video game.
And he actually did follow up saying, you know what, there really was an Elvira game.
I don't know if it's the same one he linked. I'm not even going to look because I do remember an older PC game.
And I think there was even one on like the Commodore 64. Like really that old.
But there was an Elvira video game that was kind of like an adventure game.
And it actually had like, there was like gore in it and stuff. It was very kind of like, from what I remember it was a very kind of core-ish game.
I think this is it.
Telltale Games. We have a new franchise for you.
Actually that's very cool. I like that idea.
Alright. Let's see.
There were I think three Elvira pinball tables.
Mike. Mike again.
There were three, I believe, Elvira pinball tables.
Defective Candy in our chat room says, that virtual popcorn idea they use in Gaia online and they are total asshats at it.
And yes, I used to play Gaia.
I still have my Gaia account in that picture.
Okay. I used to play Gaia. My account is still active. And yes, you can go buy stuff from the little vendor to throw at the screen.
Good times.
Sj100 Matt says, Rob, would you host a Rocky Horror Night in home or in the OLR house?
Absolutely.
Sony, call me or whatever. It'll be fun. Why not? I will whore myself out for the sake of publicizing this show.
And the All Games Network, of course.
I would even do it for free the first time.
You get a freebie the first time. The rest of the time you have to pay for his whore mouth.
That's right.
Ah, yeah. Okay. Anyhow, it's a cool idea that hopefully will get cooler.
Anyhow, let's talk about something that...
Okay, your boyfriend gets kudos from me.
Why? What'd he do?
For saying that scared stiff was the best of the Elvira table.
Oh, he loves the Elvira pinball game.
Ah, so great.
There's several of them.
There's three.
There's a two layer play field that was really cool.
Good times. You know what pinball FX2 needs? Elvira table.
Elvira.
But the only problem with Elvira is she's getting kind of old.
Elvira.
That Elvira's probably dead.
I like how we're all laughing at this and poor Loki's looking at us like, you people are weird.
But seeing you know with the magic of technology now we can have you know old Elvira and new Elvira.
Well I don't know if you know but they actually did a reality show on sci-fi network that was the next Elvira.
Where they were trying to cast the next Elvira and you know some girl won but they didn't do anything with it.
There's still old Elvira.
Sorry you lose. There is no replacement for Elvira.
Exactly.
As long as there's plastic surgery and makeup we'll always have our Elvira.
That's right.
Okay let me move on here to Blizzard and some stuff going on at Blizzard and Starcraft 2. This isn't about WoW although I will say the Cataclysm cinematic is now online and it had its little preview during the NFL game tonight and the full one is online and it is epic epicness.
If you are a WoW player you get to see the Thousand Needles being flooded. You get to see Deathwing landing on Stormwind and putting his claws into the castle and you get to see Ashenvale and any alliance player will love this because you get to see Ashenvale get just destroyed.
I'm sorry not Ashenvale, Aberdeen. You can see Aberdeen get destroyed. I'm a bad WoW player sorry.
Aberdeen just gets destroyed in the trailer it's great.
Isn't that where they keep cows?
Aberdeen. Why do you always have to beat up the cows?
No I wasn't beating up the cows this time.
To be fair there are no cows in Aberdeen she's crazy.
No that's where the Angus cows come from.
Not in the game. All the cows are in us elven forest.
Is this spelled like actual Aberdeen?
Forest cows that's ridiculous. It's a video game people.
You just kept making me think of Scotland.
Let me move on to Starcraft 2 news because that's what this is really about.
It's about Starcraft 2. Blizzard is actually going to be suing the cheat makers.
Five thousand people were busted previously by Blizzard for cheating in Starcraft 2.
Well Blizzard is actually going to take the people who made the cheats to court.
They are taking three men to court for making those hacks.
Just days after the release of Starcraft 2 defendants already had developed, marketed, and distributed to the public a variety of hacks and cheats designed to modify and in fact destroy the Starcraft 2 online gaming experience says this lawsuit.
In fact on the very day that Starcraft 2 was released representatives of the hack's website advised members of the public that our staff is already planning on new releases for the game.
The accused are being accused of multiple counts of copyright infringement.
Blizzard wants damages and a cut of the money that the three received from selling the hacks.
That was your problem.
Two of these people are from Canada. One of them is from Peru.
Blame Peru.
It doesn't have the same ring to it.
It doesn't have the same ring to it. I'm sorry to say that.
So we'll see what happens with this.
Probably be a settlement and these guys will get sued to oblivion. We'll see. Although the international part of it makes it very interesting.
Blizzard is also warning people who want to cheat with Starcraft, use these trainers at your own risk.
This is because Blizzard has suspended some accounts because some folks have been exploiting.
And there was a guy on this website Cheat Happens that was reporting that they were banned from using a trainer in single player.
See, I have a problem with that. Because if you want to cheat in a single player game, who are you hurting?
Well here's the thing. Blizzard did want to clarify on what's going on here.
Blizzard Entertainment is not banning Starcraft 2 players just for using single player cheats.
There's been some confusion in the last couple days about the suspensions and bans meted out to players caught cheating in Starcraft 2.
It's important to point out first that many of the third party hacks and cheats developed for Starcraft 2 contain both single and multiplayer functionality.
In order to protect the integrity of multiplayer competition, we are actively detecting cheat programs used in multiplayer modes whether they are human opponents or not.
That said, players who opt to use any type of third party hacks do so at their own risk.
There are built in cheat codes for Starcraft 2 single player that can be used safely.
Blizzard has always taken cheating seriously and will continue to aggressively crack down on players who cheat in our games.
Keep in mind, Blizzard also has an achievement system that even works in single player and I imagine these cheat codes disable those.
They probably don't like the idea of these other exploits making the achievements easier to get because it gives the wrong perception as to what kind of skills someone has on Starcraft.
So something to keep in mind.
So after hearing that, does that change your mind?
Loki, that Blizzard doesn't really want to ban the single player cheaters, it's just the fact that most of them are multiplayer as well?
They'll find ways around it.
They always do one way or another, don't they?
Alright, let's take a trip down memory lane to another time when folks weren't banned en masse by cheating on video games and talk about the classic video game of the week.
Dark soccer is going to take a stroll to the vault and pull out an old dusty moldy video game that she says,
Hey, you brats, you need to respect this video game or die.
So dark soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
The game of the week is Ikari Warriors, which was also known as Ikari in Japan, which means furious.
This is very, very cool. It used rotary joysticks and had a two player mode and it has Ralph and Clark that later showed up in the King of Fighters series.
Which we know Ralph and Clark, don't we?
They also make an appearance in Metal Slug 6 and Metal Slug 7.
At any rate, you are Ralph and Clark, these commando dudes, and they're trying to reach the village of Ikari.
And basically you get attacked with tanks and soldiers and helicopters, but you get power ups on the way.
Because power ups really do show up in real life when you're trying to charge the village of furious.
At any rate, this was one of the first major games, like I said, to use a rotary joystick.
Which, like I said, you can rotate as well as push in different directions.
And your buttons, one of them was your gun and the other one was for throwing grenades so you could blow them up.
And it also was fully cooperative, one of the early games to do that, and had vehicles in it.
So, they actually did an SNK pinout and they did a JAMA pinout.
So, for people with the arcade SNK machines, it worked in those.
And it was really cool. It had different things in it that they had to edit out for the US version.
The guy that you rescue in the Japanese version is General Kawasaki, who was named after SNK's former president Eikichi Kawasaki.
And it was Colonel Cook in the US ones after Tradewest, founder Leland Cook.
And the enemies in the game, though, were supposed to be Neo-Nazis.
So, they suck.
There was a DOS version that came out, and there were sequels.
There was Victory Road, also in 1986, and Ikari 3 The Rescue.
And then there was also a Guerrilla War arcade called Guevara in Japan that used a similar type of gameplay that featured Che Guevara and Fidel Castro as the main guys.
As for the other versions that came out, there was the NES version, Apple II, DOS, Atari ST, Atari 2600, Atari 7800, Amiga, Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, and Armstrad CPC.
The NES version was so glitched out.
I agree.
But ABBA was a code.
Yes.
That made the game awesome.
There was an MSX version of it and different 16-bit versions that came out.
There's actually two different Commodore 64 version R.O.B.s.
I was saying two R.O.B.s.
One was put out by Data East and the other one was by Elite.
Interesting, because I don't really remember one of them. I had one of them.
I remember this game.
Yeah, the Atari ST and Amiga versions were supposed to have better graphics and sound effects.
And the NES version was developed by Micronix.
And the problem with the NES one is it was flashy, flashy, flash, flash, flash.
Glitch-tastic.
But it's a cool game.
We had some problems with our characters being stuck in different layers of sprites, so it was actually running under the map or something like that.
Then we kept getting the game dirtier and dirtier just to see what glitches we could get.
I love the NES.
That's it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
And I'll tell you how I picked it.
I went in the vault, grabbed one of the bins, and put my finger on a game.
That's how I picked it.
That's how you picked it. That's how she does it, folks.
But I approve because, again, any game that uses ABBA as a code is awesome.
Are they dancing queens?
I cannot imagine Ralph and Clark doing disco dancing.
Contrary to what Spaznator is saying in chat, ABBA will not play an 8-bit version of Dancing Queen.
Although, I think that should be in a future game.
What do I know, though?
Alright, so that's going to wrap up this first half of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere.
There is plenty more to come in Part B.
We've got more news, lots and lots of good stuff, Twitter topics.
And tonight, I'm so excited because Jessica's here.
We thought we'd do something special.
We're going to do List List tonight with Jessica.
And the topic tonight, you ready for this?
Because Jessica's got to think about this because I'm springing this on her during break.
Here we go.
The topic tonight, the thing I learned most from DDR Freak, is tonight's List List topic.
The thing I learned most from DDR Freak.
It's going to be a fun night, ladies and gentlemen.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on October the 17th of 2010 with the 386th episode of our show.
We're a super fast computer, if this is 1982.
Or 1992, excuse me, a 386, there you go.
I had a 38620.
My first PC was a 386SX16.
And that's running in turbo mode, otherwise it's a 38616.
With, get this, a 30 megabyte hard drive.
Oh my god.
And one megabyte of RAM.
Holy shit.
Running Windows 3.1.
Actually I think it was 3.0 at that time.
My friend's dad is an engineer back in the 40s.
And he was talking about one time we were visiting and he was saying that they lined the room in magnets to make 1K of memory.
Wow.
Think about that.
And now what are we running? We got, just, you can go spend, you know, 90 bucks and get a terabyte hard drive.
No problem.
For and for all.
If you're just joining us after this break, the other voice you hear there is our lovely guest tonight, Jessica Harper from Understation Live.
But we remember her as Iguana Girl from DDR Freak.
I'm sorry, Iguana Girl.
Iguana Girl.
Iguana Girl. So there you go. And she's here tonight because she's helping us reminisce about the good old days of DDR and all that.
And you know, kind of where are they now? And we definitely found out some interesting stuff in part A about the behind the scenes operations of DDR Freak.
Now I know what types of questions not to ask moving forward.
But I don't know how much you can kind of say about this, but I know you eventually stepped down as an administrator of DDR Freak, as most people do.
You know, these things kind of come in cycles. There's only so much time you can give up.
But what do you kind of think about where like DDR Freak is at now? Do you think it's kind of like past its prime, it's old and dead and gone?
Dead. Yeah, there's still a few people that are straggling in there, but even Random Chat, which is the absolute most frequented forum, it will go a full day without any kind of hits at all at this point.
I tried looking back like six months ago and was completely depressed.
Yeah, there's the occasional where are they now type of thread, but pretty much what's going on at this point is just eh.
What happened? It used to be the place to be.
I think that most of it is just the mainstream nature of DDR has kind of killed it a bit.
And a lot of the old school people don't necessarily like the new class, so to speak.
And I think that, you know, just overall the site started getting slower and slower, started having issues and people just weren't as interested anymore.
Sadly, you're probably right. And I think probably Konami's lack of support for DDR for a very long time probably contributed to that.
Yeah, definitely. So that's a bummer.
Are there any other forums that you surf these days that we can find you on?
Not particularly. Most of what I do is just, you know, I sit and play on Facebook most of the time.
Good times.
Yeah, I already have a group of friends. I'm not really necessarily looking to go search out a whole new group of friends or anything, so I just kind of do my own thing.
But you can at least be found Saturday nights at Under Station Live right here at All Games Radio.
Yes, and I do also have a Facebook that is my public Facebook for Under Station Live.
You can find me under Jessica Harper on Facebook if you want to add me.
And I'll sometimes post, you know, interesting pictures and what have you through that. So, yeah, kind of a, you know, an online version of me.
Alright. Check that out. Sounds good. Anyhow, we're going to get into some quick news.
I do want to say though first, since, you know, Jessica's our guest this week, we already have a guest lined up for next week as well.
It's like suddenly we're like the month of guests. I like this because it's another in-studio guest, which is very exciting.
Segg is going to be here next week. Oops. Apparently Segg has theme music. Sorry about that.
Fail on my part. The music bag, er, the mailbag music aired a little early.
Segg is going to be here next week and he's going to talk all about Umlaud, which is his big, and if you've been listening to the show for a while, you probably heard him on the show last year.
But this time he's going to come in-studio so he can actually talk to us throughout the night and definitely pimp Umlaud, which is going on, well it's not going on right now,
but the pre-antics are going on right now on the website. Umlaud.org. It's a fundraiser, of course, for Child's Play.
It's going to happen in San Francisco in December. All the details are there at Umlaud.org. You don't even have to know how to type the Umlaud.
When is it, Ian?
It is December...
They're going to be running Rock Band 3 this time?
Yeah, I believe so. We're going to get all the details from Segg next week, so I don't want to spoil everything, but I believe it's December 9th?
It's a Thursday. I remember that because it got bumped up because last year it was on like a Monday and now it's a bigger deal this year, so it's actually on a Thursday.
So we've got to ask about that. Ooh, I got the date right. It is December 9th, 2010.
And yes, I do believe Rock Band 3 is a part of it as well. We're going to get all the details.
There's going to be some big, big, big band package deals that weren't around last year. We're going to talk about that as well.
If you're not in the San Francisco Bay Area and you don't feel like driving or flying out here for it, you still can donate online. Umlaud.org. U-M-L-O-U-D dot O-R-G for all the details.
He will be here next week again to give us all the nitty-gritty about it.
And Segg also happens to work for one of the big developers that we like here at All Games Radio, and we're going to talk to him about that as much as we can.
I mean, you know, there's these old NDAs and things.
And pitch him our idea for the Elvira adventure game.
He's listening right now, so he might have heard it. But yes, we'll try to pitch him our ideas, and at least the games that are out, we can hopefully ask some good questions on and all that stuff. So that'll be good.
So we're going to talk to him about all that fun stuff next week. It's something to look forward to.
I like this whole, like, having guests every week thing. You know, we had Tiara a couple weeks ago, and now we have Guana Girl, Jessica Harper's here tonight, and then we've got Segg next week.
This is great. We've got to get some more game developers in here, too. I don't know if we can get them to travel all the way out the sack, but we know the Skype thing works okay.
Alright, anyhow.
They can sleep on my couch.
That's right. Come pimp your game and sleep on the couch.
Alright, let's get into some rapid-fire news, some quick, quick, quick news.
By the way, if you haven't gotten your Twitter topics in, now is a great time, and I would really encourage, since we do have Jessica here in studio, and we are talking a lot about the old-school days,
definitely if you have Twitter questions about the old-school days, we'd love to hear it, although we will happily take any topic.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Get those tweets in right now. You've got about five minutes, five to ten minutes, while we do some fast news.
And if you don't submit tweets, I'm going to let Jessica just tweet all night.
Tweet, tweet!
And then I'll play the Rockin' Robin song, and then let her do the tweet, tweet.
Tweet, tweet, tweet!
Exactly. Alright, in the meantime, quick news. Logan.
Oh my god, you better run out in a hurry and pick up Outrun Online Arcade, because if you procrastinate for another 13 months, then you may not be able to get it.
That's right, because apparently their license agreement with Ferrari is going to be up, and so because of that, it's going to be taken offline.
No offense, but I think at that point, no one's going to remember that that game ever came out, and it probably won't matter.
But yes, see at first when I first read this, I didn't realize it was 2011, I'm like, oh okay, well a couple months, then maybe we should act now.
But a year and a couple months? Eh.
But it's Outrun! Like, I don't have 50 million other versions of Outrun.
It's a bummer that it's getting pulled for kind of a, well I mean it's an understandable reason, but also at the same time it's kind of dumb, but at least it's not getting pulled because it sucks.
For her it's just like, we have loads of cash, we are Italian, go ahead and have it.
They shouldn't be dicks is really what it comes down to.
Back to the Future apparently is getting a brand new release, the 25th anniversary trilogy that's coming out on Blu-Ray.
Also with that though, if you happen to purchase that, a voucher for a free episode of Telltale's new game.
That's right, the Back to the Future video game, and not the crappy one that was on the NES.
I liked that one.
But you will agree, it was crappy.
It was crappy, it's like, you know, it was the E.T.
It wasn't so bad, Back to the Future 2 and 3 was the E.T. of the NES.
The Back to the Future pinball was really good though, except Michael J. Fox would not let people use his likeness so it's somebody else on there.
There are, is it Eric Stoltz?
No, I don't think it's Eric Stoltz.
There are all these kind of old NES games, everybody has that old school 8-bit NES game that really sucks, but you still love it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Anyway, sorry.
Anyways.
But the Back to the Future is kind of a big deal. The Blu-Ray is kind of a big deal, it's getting a lot of like-
You know what's kind of weird though?
Is they've already given away the coupon code, I guess.
I don't know if it's going to be exclusive to each one or if it's this thing, but it says apparently there is a picture of the actual code thing.
It says, the URL insert lists the URL for redeeming the included code one two one gigawatts, which currently directs the browsers to the game's homepage.
It says, of course, it will go live as they get closer to it.
So, I don't know if one point two or one two one gigawatt is going to be the code, but hey, something a little extra if you buy Back to the Future.
And you should, because it's an awesome movie series and they keep replaying it on G4 for some reason.
And I'm pretty sure the game this time will be much better than the NES one. Just call it a hunch.
Oh, yeah.
Because they have Christopher Lloyd actually doing voice acting and all that, right?
Yes.
Get him to say as many things as possible before he dies. I mean, seriously, just have him read the whole dictionary and we'll be done with it.
He was a Klingon once.
That's interesting.
Yes.
He should host a science show as Doc Brown.
That would be awesome.
Saig is actually in our chat tonight. Happy to hear about his appearance. He's actually saying that theaters are going to be showing Back to the Future at the end of this month.
I guess it's like a revival thing.
That's awesome.
No, but seriously though, Christopher Lloyd needs to host a sideshow. Screw Bill Nye.
Can I be honest about something though? I've never seen the original Back to the Future the whole way through, actually.
What?
I haven't.
Here's the funny thing. I've seen the third movie the whole way through because they showed it like when I was in seventh grade on VHS or whatever.
I have never seen the original movie the whole way through.
I saw the first one in the theater, the third one in the theater, and I didn't see the second one until I was an adult.
There's always that one movie you miss as a kid, except I missed a few.
What was your first movie, Rob?
My first movie?
Do you remember? Were you told?
I was told that I was taken to see The Empire Strikes Back at the 99 cent theater.
We kind of have something in common then. My first movie was Star Wars.
Oh, there you go.
The earliest movie I can remember that I saw as I remember waiting in line for opening night for the Masters of the Universe.
I remember going to see the Care Bears movie. That's probably the first movie I remember seeing.
Care Bears in Wonderland was great.
Or Return to Oz. Good God.
That movie was awesome.
What was your first movie?
E.T. at the Drive-In.
I'm pretty sure you saw E.T., but the one I can only remember.
I saw E.T. in the theater.
E.T. was probably before all that.
I was what? Five? Six?
I also remember going to see The Aristocats by Disney.
The first movie that I saw four times in a row, though, was Wrath of Khan.
I remember also we went to a drive-in to see, it was a double feature, Shrimp on the Barbie and Batman.
And I really wanted to see Batman, and unfortunately Shrimp on the Barbie was...
The fuck do those two movies have in common?
They always do that.
I have no idea, but for some reason, I fell asleep through Batman.
And I woke up, I'm like, where's Batman?
And my mom's like, we tried to wake you up, but you said you wanted to sleep.
I'm like, no, I didn't!
Aww.
I eventually saw it later on, but no, it was kind of funny, though.
Shrimp on the Barbie, yes, that would put you to sleep, I can imagine.
But that must have been the second movie, for some reason, because I slept through Batman.
Anyways, sorry, since we were talking about movies, though, there of course is rumors that the Uncharted movie needs to move forward.
People want this to become a movie, because I guess the game lends itself well to a movie.
And funny enough, the main character, which has been compared to Nathan Fillion,
actually now Nathan Fillion is trying to start a campaign on Twitter to be cast as Nathan Drake.
So that's interesting, because I guess he looks kind of like the main character.
He does a little bit, but I don't know.
I don't see the entire resemblance there, but he sort of, I mean, it could work.
There'd be fanboys that would be very happy if that were to happen, that's cool.
I don't know, I'd drool.
Dan's only too old.
Yeah, Dan's piping in from the other end.
You're right, Danny Glover needs to be Nathan Drake.
It's okay, a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
Let's get Betty White to be Nathan Drake.
Dan says, should do.
Dan approves of Betty White.
You need to cast Betty White in like a big blockbuster action flick.
I still want to see Red, because, I mean, can you imagine Helen Mirren with an AK?
Here you go, an action movie starring Betty White called Grandma Death.
I would go see it.
You know what, no no no.
That's awesome.
Well, keep in mind, they did the machete movie, remember?
That's true, there you go.
You know, the movie based off of a trailer of a non-existent movie?
They could do another Grindhouse movie with Betty White in it.
Grandma Death?
It'd be like Kill Bill, but it's Betty White.
Great.
Hopefully she does all her own stunts.
Too bad Barbara Billingsley is dead, because she could be her co-star.
Well, you know what, only if she talked jive.
If as long as she gets her before she starts to decompose, it might be alright.
I actually, I watched an interview of her about learning to talk jive, by the way.
So did I.
Yours would be a bit like Kill Ernest.
Ernest Borgnine.
Yeah.
That would be awesome.
Let's move on with some news.
I don't know how we got onto this whole like, Betty White and Ernest goes together.
Actually, you need to go color Bill, so it's Betty White plus Grandma Death.
Grandma Death plus Kill Bill equals profit.
Alright, let's move on.
Crazy.
It's Crazy Dexy.
It's coming out on November 23rd on the PlayStation Network.
November 24th on Xbox Live Arcade.
If you're ready to get some crazy money, it's gonna cost you 10 bucks.
It will be widescreen.
It will have 720p high def graphics.
It will not have the offspring music, sadly.
And it will not have Pizza Hut.
Sorry.
Will it have bad religion?
All the licensed crap is gone.
They are cheap. They are super duper cheap.
Wow, what's left? Because I mean that game was all licensed crap.
Just the whole driving down that hill.
Duh duh duh.
All these games have an options menu where you can turn down the music.
So what you do is turn down whatever crap music they end up putting in the game.
And then do a Xbox 360 custom soundtrack.
Why didn't they get new licensing?
They did get new licensing. I'm sure KFC would do it in like, you know, Old Navy or something.
Take me to Old Navy!
No, bitch! Off the pier!
You're driving too fast!
Take me to the Gap! Not until they change the logo, bitch!
They did. They fixed it.
No, seriously, get this. Not even that.
Because we were talking, for some reason, my non-designer friends were talking about typography with me.
And I was like, yeah, they were using Helvetica and it was ugly, a bad use of Helvetica.
And so I went to find it and there's no more pictures of it online, except for the Gap logo sucks Twitter.
Yeah, it's gone.
They hunted that shit down.
You know, a kind of interesting point in chat, what if all the licenses had been stuff that is now gone?
Like, take me to Tower Records!
That would be sad.
That would be sadness.
Take me to Tower Records! I mean, Dimple!
No, they're still there.
Wait, wait, I'm sorry.
Take me to Tower Records! No, I mean R5! No, I mean Dimple!
Or what other big things have closed down lately that just all went under?
Take me to Mervins!
Can't.
Montgomery Wards!
Alright, anyhow.
Rock band news.
Take me to L&L BBQ!
Take me to L&L BBQ!
There's a whole list of rock band songs available in this little web widget that you can embed in your site.
It's in celebration of the 2000th song to hit rock band.
You know, going to find research online can be kind of tough.
There's a whole little widget that made its way to a lot of gaming blogs.
And the cool thing is you can search, you can sort it by artist, you can sort it by year, you can sort it by the genre.
And it's just basically like a quick online little web widget to find the finder.
So if you want to see, okay, Lady Gaga.
Why am I not surprised?
There are four Lady Gaga songs in the game.
He's gay!
What's your point?
And then there's one Eric Cartman Lady Gaga song that's in there.
Oh that's great.
There you go.
One more story for you guys, another music game.
DJ Hero 2 is getting some download contents.
The first comes in November is the first pack.
It's going to be the Hit Makers Mix Pack.
Rihanna's Umbrella vs Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On.
That might be kind of interesting.
Two weeks later an Electro Hits Mix Pack.
That might be kind of awesome actually.
There's also, actually the Electro Hits has LMFAO with I'm in Miami trick, because they have to change the lyrics.
Mixed with Green Velvet, Shake and Pop.
Some of this might be kind of awesome actually.
So that's all coming out in November.
By the way, there will also be a free compatibility update in November to enable support for the existing DJ Hero DLC in DJ Hero 2.
Which is great because the best DJ Hero song was that Mary J. Blige All of Me vs Queen Radio Gaga.
There was no better song in the game and it was downloads.
That was pretty fantastic.
Rob, let's make that our after show music.
Maybe. If I can find it.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
I have stuff. Things. How about some Guitar Hero stuff?
I don't think this is enough to save them though, even though I think it's amazing.
There is going to be a free 3-pack for Gold members that has Disturbs the Infection, Muses Resistance, cool song.
My Chemical Romance's Na Na Na, another band that I like.
It will be available to be purchased by Silver Live users on October 19th.
And then on the 26th of October there will be a Rocky Horror Picture Show pack.
And that's pretty cool. It has Time Warp, and Sweet Transvestite, and Hot Patootie.
And also completely unrelated is Soundgarden's Telefantasm.
Sadly not enough to get me to spend $60 on the game, but I think it's really cool.
And it also reminds me that the Rocky Horror Blu-ray is out, I believe, this Tuesday.
So I kind of want to check that out because I'm curious how it turned out.
You know, I was saying that that's the only thing that's probably going to remotely get me to watch that show that starts with a G that I don't like.
And imagine that. Exactly 10 years after they released the DVD, they released the Blu-ray.
Here comes the Blu-ray. And apparently it's got a live shadow cast thing going on in it and all this stuff.
Picture in picture. Could be interesting. I don't know. I'm curious.
And don't think this whole Rocky Horror Glee thing isn't a cross promotion.
I will bet money there's a commercial for the Blu-ray during the Glee episode.
Although, you know what I really, really want to see? What?
Is Tony Head as Frank.
We got to see that at that same convention we played.
Because I understand that he brought his own gear.
You might still be able to catch it and they'll probably play it a little bit closer but the H1, they were actually filming a karaoke version.
You can probably find it on YouTube actually. Of Anthony Head playing Frank.
He's so great. I loved the single that he did. That was really great.
I'm positive you can find that on YouTube.
I'm going to be looking something up tonight when I'm supposed to be doing my homework.
Alan very much wants me to watch that Rocky Horror Glee episode.
I think Glee is okay. I watched about half the first season and it's fine.
But I really am not liking this idea of them doing the Rocky Horror because I know it's just going to be hard to watch.
Have you actually watched the stuff that Richard's been posting?
I've heard some of the songs that were posted.
Watch some of the stuff. I do not watch Glee at all. I will never watch Glee after this.
But I'll probably watch this one.
I heard the way they did Sweet Transvestite and I'm not a fan.
I like the Dammit Janet and some of the other stuff though.
But I'm curious. I will watch it.
But Alan's like, you need to sit there and live blog it and tape your eyes open. You gotta watch the whole thing.
And I'm just kind of like, only if you do too because he hates Glee.
I have to say I did look at the stills they had and the sets and costumes looked pretty awesome.
I don't like that they had to dumb it down for broadcast TV.
I understand you can't have a teenager or somebody portraying a teenager running around in the Rocky costume. I get that. That's fine.
But they really really washed down some of the lyrics.
I'm just a Sweet Transvestite from Sensational Transylvania. Really?
It kind of defeats the point, honey.
Whatever. Oh well. I'll watch it and it won't be that bad.
I think it would be more interesting to visit transsexual than sensational.
I should be happy that at least it's getting attention and it'll bring more curious kids to the Midnight movie.
And then it'll die off like it always does.
Yes. But at least we'll have that moment.
But, by the way, they are doing a Rocky Horror show downtown right now.
Oh really? I don't want to go.
I have no idea.
I'll have to send you guys the invite so you can look.
Please do.
Because it started this past weekend all the way through until Halloween.
Let's go.
I kind of want to go. I have no idea.
Remember we saw when ARC put it on.
That was cute.
That was great.
We should all go.
We'll have a group date.
Alan won't mind if I take two women out.
You'll have to have him a threesome.
It's Sister Wives Night.
You'll take your harem out.
Alright. What else, DarkSagra?
Oh, other news.
Dead Space is going to be coming out on the iPad.
It will be out in December according to EA.
They're saying that there's a big press event at Tokyo's Apple Store that will be featuring this.
And it's a third person shooter.
No rails. No changing modes. Nothing said about the iPhone.
So maybe it will be better than the Xbox Live Arcade version.
Who cares?
Xbox Live Arcade, other news, is in nine more countries now.
Starting on the 10th of November.
Maybe not now, but in the future.
It will be in Russia, Poland, Russia.
South Africa, Greece, Czech Republic, Hungary, Brazil, Colombia, and Chile.
Welcome to the wave of the future.
I mean, the wave of four years ago.
And for the record, I actually sat and watched four hours of the mine rescue and it was amazing.
Did you? I did.
I couldn't tear my eyes off of it like the very first night.
I must go to bed, but it's 2 a.m., but I have to see number seven.
I read about it on CNN. I didn't watch a minute of it.
You know what I thought was awesome about it is that it totally wasn't the overblown media circus that it would have been in America.
And the freaking president came out by himself without guards or anything to help with the effort.
To be there with the families. And that was cool.
I was reminded of, pardon the pun, baby Jessica.
Watching that whole thing. Remember?
Back in the day. Back in the day.
Way before most of our listeners were born.
You know what? I read an interview with her where she grew up and says, God, I can't believe people remember me for that.
Well, yeah. Can you imagine being her? Like, you don't remember that shit. She was like a year and a half.
That's really what she seems like. I don't remember any of this.
Yeah. And I guess the whole-
Oh, shit. I fell down a well. Gee.
Well, here's the-
I'm alive now. Yay.
Here's the part. Here's the thing, honey.
She got like a million dollars worth of money. Like people just sent gifts, money, unsolicited, but people just sent like baby Jessica college money.
I think she's saying that's how she went to school.
Yeah. And she all got put in a trust fund and like, I want to say I was reading online like next year or something.
She's getting like a million dollars because it's all been saved and growing and all that stuff. So, you know, honey-
Here's a lesson to mothers. Stop watching your children around wells if you want them set for life.
Nice.
This is what we teach here in America.
Nice.
Or you just need to have like eight kids all at once and everybody will give you tons of money for diapers and crap.
And wear fake Dolce & Gabbana glasses and drink your Starbucks every morning.
Yep.
But this means that now Xbox Live is servicing 35 countries at once. It sure gets around.
In a row?
That's 37, dude.
So we just need to give it two more.
It can service Luxembourg.
Try not to service any more countries on your way to the parking lot.
All right. If that's it for the rapid news tonight, let's get to the Twitter topics.
Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet.
Tweet.
And I'm going to let her say tweet because we didn't get a whole lot tonight, but we'll do some that we got.
This is our buddy Rob with two B's. He's on Twitter as Railgun Games.
He says, what happened to the big box stores boycotting third party Wii games that are nothing but mini games?
That's a good question.
Do you know anything about this, Loki?
Weren't stores supposed to be boycotting Wii games that were nothing but mini games?
I remember hearing about this too. It was on the show.
I think they do to a certain extent.
I mean, most stores nowadays realize that only the first party or big third party games are really the only things they're selling.
So they're buying a lot less of the third party games that are just crap.
As they should be doing with their dollars.
But I don't think people are, well, I'm sure there's some stores that are outright forgetting to bring in certain games to their stores because they're absolute crap.
Or they're bringing in one copy.
I could see that, but I don't think they're saying, we will not carry anymore of these Imagine games because they're crap.
I mean, they're not going to outright say that.
Imagine babies.
Tweet, tweet.
Alright, moving on to other tweets.
Tigerclaw305 sends us some links, and I always let him get in a couple tweets here because there's good stuff.
I haven't heard this one either.
Apparently one of the EA developers is saying, and this is a pretty ballsy thing to say from a tweet, again, sent to us from Tigerclaw.
Old Republic will be one of the greatest failures in the history of MMOs.
What?
What?
This is like, that's really interesting to hear because I was under the assumption that this is going to be as close to WoW as it gets, you know what I mean?
And I'm not talking, again, I don't want to like...
It'll be WoW without the suck.
I don't want to make, girl.
I don't want to make it sound like WoW and another big MMO are capable of coexisting.
I earned a girl.
It doesn't have to be that you can, you know, this has to take away from WoW.
But I always thought that this was really going to be the next big MMO, so it's kind of interesting that this whole thing is coming up here.
DDR Dollar Bill says, I thought APB was the fail.
Well, it's coming from an EA Mythic employee who's going to be laid off next month, and they unloaded on the division for the Old Republic.
Apparently it has to do with why Warhammer crashed in Bird. Here's the thing.
They've spent more money, this is according, again, to the person who was laid off or whatever.
They spent more money making the Old Republic than James Cameron spent on Avatar, shit you not, 300 million dollars.
And you know what they're most proud of? This is the kicker.
They're most proud of the sound.
Something like a 20 gig installation and most of it is voiceover work.
That's the best they have. The rest of the game is a joke.
EA knows it and so does George Lucas.
They're panicking and so much of Mythic has already been cannibalized to work in Austin on it because they can't keep pushing back launch.
Old Republic will be one of the greatest failures in the history of MMOs from EA, probably at the level of The Sims Online. We all know it too.
Now he could just be being bitter about the whole layoff thing, so take it with a grain of salt, but that's the first really really negative thing I've heard about it.
Aren't they doing top secret testing right now?
I heard somewhere that there is testing going on for the game right now, but it's under super duper NDA lock and key.
So that's why you're not hearing a lot of stuff externally.
You think some loudmouth is going to come out and dispute this.
I don't know.
Anyhow, one other quick story from Tigerfly.
They're doing it under the name Final Fantasy XIV.
He sent me a few, but I'm going to stick with two here.
Tweet, tweet!
Yes, he sent two tweets.
Apparently Mike Tyson's punch out has been reimagined on the iPhone.
I mean, ripped off.
Pretty much. Let's see, Rock Software created this game. You fight as a character named Lil Sammy, and then eventually you take on Mike Tyson.
I have no idea if they actually got a license or whatever, but you go through ten fights that lead up to Tyson.
There it is, and there's a whole little picture there.
It should be a better Evander Holyfield.
You should play as Lil Mike.
I'm curious if they actually have the licensing, because that could be very bad for them if not.
He probably needs the money, so he's like, you can do it for five dollars.
That could be, or I'll bite your ear off.
It's going to be 99 cents though.
Spazinator wants to give us a heads up.
There's a free episode of Sengoku Basara Samurai Warriors anime on the PSN video store right now.
Could that have anything to do with the game that just came out?
Who knows?
It's a mystery to everyone.
Alright, here's an old-time Q&A from SSG100Matt. Thank you, SSG100Matt.
Tweet, tweet!
With the 400th episode coming up, have you thought about getting the DDR gang back together and doing an episode at RVGL?
Last time we did an episode at RVGL we almost got kicked out.
However, here's an idea I do like.
Think about this, folks.
For our 400th episode, I bet we could find a local pizza joint to loan us their buffet room.
And Logie, the tech master, I'm sure has a way for us to broadcast over his little Wi-Fi thingamabobber so we can do it.
Well, we can figure it out.
Or I'm sure the restaurant might let us use it if we bring in enough business.
You know, we could go to one of these pizza joints, like a round table or a straw hat or something,
and get a bunch of people from the old DDR days there.
Like, obviously, Iguana Girl would be invited, but get some of our Bay Area friends.
Maybe we would even do it in the Bay.
Mountain Mike's.
Step Squad and RTF.
That's a good idea. The old school Mountain Mike's in Concord.
And that would be a nice middle place because it would only be about an hour and ten minutes away from here.
Excellent idea.
And they do have good pizza.
And decent beer.
Are they still there? Do they still have DDR?
As far as I know.
We would love to do that for the 400th episode and try to get all the old school people we can.
It might be tricky on a Sunday night, but we're 14 weeks away.
It's going to be in mid-January, I think, is when we hit 400.
We've got time to plan it.
That's just my fantasy dream thing.
Another thing to consider is that maybe I could sweet talk a particular friend of mine
who is married to another friend of mine who has a DDR solo machine in their garage.
I knew who you were talking about.
Nudge! Nudge!
I'll have to talk to them separately.
Theirs is wired with a Playstation in theirs.
Yeah, but it's still cool.
I have the guts for a DDR machine, just no pads.
They have a solo in no game.
So that's what I do.
You take your thing and put it in their thing.
And then you make a brand new thing.
It's technically a Dance Maniacs J-Append right now, but it could easily be converted into a DDR machine.
Sorry, I'm...
And actually, we could run 1.5 on that machine without any modifications,
because 1.5 and EuroMix, I think, in one don't require the flash drive.
I have to post this in our chatroom, I'm sorry, this is totally unrelated,
but Alan likes to send me funny shit during the show just to get me to crack up on air,
and he sent me this picture from Trader Joe's of an advertisement for Gunby Bears,
but look very carefully at the little Bryce tag.
Link! Link! Link!
I'll post that in chat right now, that's great.
So that she who is near-sighted can see it.
I love how they...
That is fantastic!
I love Trader Joe's, I really do, it's the best grocery store.
I'm saving this.
Anyhow, also, lots of change on Twitter.
I have not recognized that name as a tweeter in the past, so happy tweeting to you.
What's your favorite game with Batman?
Well, that kind of narrows it down.
It was that one game with Batman.
I would have to go with Arkham Asylum.
Fuck you, I like Superman 64!
Ewww!
Is Batman even in that?
Hopefully DC Universe...
It's a joke, Loki, it's what we call a joke here on the show.
Well, no, I thought it is a game that is in the DC Universe,
I thought that maybe Batman had a cameo in it.
I'm Batman, and I declare that this game...
Sucks!
To be honest, if it's not going to be DC Universe online, which I'm really hoping,
the old school one on the NES, the very first one by Sunsoft to the Batman game on the NES was pretty badass.
There was also one on the Commodore 64 that was told in a comic book style, also kind of badass.
Bart's nightmare, but I guess that was Bartman, not Batman.
I'll take it.
Lots of change, we'll take it, and he'll like it.
Tweet, tweet!
Alright, that's going to do it for the Twitter segment tonight.
That's all the tweets.
Awww.
Tweet!
Or I guess we can say Shinobi 2.
That's true, because Spiderman was also in that one.
It's not really Batman.
There were enemies in the game that looked very much like particular other franchises from different comic book companies.
Stop being so fucking obscure.
I covered it on the classic game, Ron.
I'm sorry!
Stop sounding like a Japanese girl having sex.
That would be...
And know that the listeners are deaf.
Wow, you do that impression way too well, I'm just saying.
I will tell you how I do it way too well.
Thank god your mic cut out, that's all I'm saying.
I will tell you how I know how to do that.
That comes from my dorm room, with a group of us deciding to dub Urotsuki Doji by ourselves.
Wow.
And every other line was, no, don't touch me there!
All I have to say is if we do get the cool 400th episode of The Pizza Place or wherever we have it where we get all the old school DDR people back, we need to bring in a copy of Final Fuck X.
You know what, Rob, I found that recently.
Or Dance Dance Fuck.
I don't remember where that is.
If we did do that at Mountain Mics, they have a little side room too, so you could set up a TV in the side room.
And everybody stand to block the kids view.
Exactly!
You have to put, like, what, a red door?
But I want to paint it black.
Alright.
Hey, since Iguana Girl is here with us, sorry, Iguana Girl is here with us, let's do a special...
Girl, not girl!
Girl!
Alright, let's...
Here...
Let's do...
Let's do a game show, yay, an OLR game show, we love game shows at OLR.
Game show!
This is one of the longest running game shows, in fact, it's kind of funny, I was hanging out with my friend Julie this week, I've known her for years, she's my ex-girlfriend, I've known her for years.
I remember just after that.
Julie...
I remember when you were straight.
Used to be, well, you know.
I'm one of the only people that could see that, too.
You were around during my bi phase, actually.
Yes!
Alright, anyhow, all that stuff aside, quickly, Julie actually used to help me host the radio show I did in college.
And this is a segment we started then, and it's carried over all the way until now.
It's a segment we call Listless!
And tonight's listless topic is the thing I learned most from DDRFreak.
Alright, the thing I learned most from DDRFreak.
And the way Listless works is we're going to go around the room and we're going to get everybody's top three answers.
But then we go around and each strike one item that is not worthy of the list.
And then you guys in our chatroom vote.
And the top three is the definitive winner.
And there is no contesting the list once it is set in stone.
This is a very, it's a highly scientific process.
It's made with uranium and shit, okay?
That's how scientific this is.
Uranium and shit.
And Uranus.
Wouldn't uranium and shit just make a big, huge, busy puddle?
It'd make a very sticky, smelly, but hard.
Nuclear poo.
Nuclear poo.
Great, my boyfriend's asking in chat, what the fuck was Rob's bi-phase, an episode of Melrose Place?
Funny enough, a place I used to live was referred to as Melrose Place now, and I know where that was.
I know where that was!
I know someone who had a bi-phase then.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on and talk about other topics, please, quickly.
Your prom's all red again, that's weird.
Oh no, I just love bringing up old drama, it's like ten years old.
Alright.
Which is humorous because I'm actually like friends with one of the old parties again.
Oh really?
Oh, good times, how's that going?
It's fine.
Yeah, it's good.
It's good, it's good. Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on, the list list, and talk about the top three things I learned most on DDR4E.
Dark soccer, start us off tonight.
I have to start? Okay.
Yeah, why not?
I learned how to detect werewolves.
Good one.
I never played but I don't know a lot.
Yeah, I was touted as one of the better werewolf game players.
You guys stole one of my answers too, there's the epic thread in random chat, right?
The werewolf game?
Yeah.
Good times.
Alright, Jessica Harper, why don't you go next, what's your number three answer?
I learned that trolls are more popular and more respected than mods.
Trolls are more popular than mods, is there any reason why you say that?
Because they end up with like a...
