Tonight, October 3, 2010, NBA Jam goes solo on the 360 and PS3, Sonic 4 gets a release
date, and have big titles this year save the PC gaming industry?
Hello everybody, this is episode, what are we on again?
283.
283 of Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm sorry, 384.
I totally threw a random number there, that's kind of funny, huh?
383.
Yeah, 283.
We went back in time.
Rob's gone and the show has become the TARDIS and we have run back in time.
We're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I got two of the numbers right though, they were just out of order.
Yes, an O-L-R-G, yes, spazzinator.
I am DarkSakra, Jamie Summers, Rob is on a plane, or dead, and then this is Loki, our
tech master.
Do you do any tech stuff lately with us?
I stole some accord the other day out of the box because I need it for something new and
a home, but other than that, no.
Okay, well that's close enough.
So as always we start the show with how was your gaming week, and I normally go first
but I'm not gonna, so you go first.
Oh, actually, wait, wait, wait, wait, we have one more thing.
One more thing.
Cough, cough.
Yes.
Sorry, you're not in the room.
We have a special, special, special co-host tonight, and that's Maren Marvel.
Hi, are you ready to talk video games?
Oh, she broke out the porn voice.
So then why don't we go ahead and start with you for how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was alright.
I played a lot of WoW, I've gotten back into World of Warcraft after not playing for a
long time.
And other than that, pretty uneventful, I played some, I like the music games like The
Lips and The Beatles Rock Band, so I did some of those.
And I've been trying to play Final Fantasy IV The After Years, which came out around
this time last year on the Wii, and I had started playing it and I just like dropped
off the face of the earth, and so I started playing it again.
And now I'm at a point where I'm seriously under-leveled for the area I'm at, so I'm
going to have to go do my least favorite thing, which is grinding and leveling up.
That was always the thing that I could not stand in World of Warcraft, just because it
seemed really monotonous to me.
Yeah, there is that too.
But now I'm playing a warlock, so I've never played a warlock before, usually I play a
priest or a druid, so it's kind of fun and different.
Well it sounds like you're having a good time, and just so that our listeners know a little
bit more about you, would you like to tell them a little bit about yourself?
My name is Tiara, also known as MaronMarvel, I am semi-famous on the interwebs, but not
as famous as Sky and Loki in Dark Sakura.
And we'll make you famous.
Yeah, yay!
This is all sounding very dirty.
We have ways to make you famous.
Now we've got you outnumbered, it's estrogen time.
Yeah, dun dun dun!
It was always estrogen time here with Robs.
He's gonna go back and edit this and go, what?
Although it's the truth.
Okay, well then Loki, how was your gaming week?
I actually didn't play a whole lot, but I did play some stuff on the iPod, and I don't
know, a lot of it was just disappointing, because I go on these binges where I buy a
lot of junk.
Not even necessarily buy a lot of junk, but I download a lot of apps, and that includes
a lot of games, especially stuff that's on sale.
So I went ahead and I downloaded, because it was free, Duke Nukem 3D for the iPod or
iPhone or whatever.
The only problem is I deleted it almost immediately because the controls in it really suck.
Otherwise it's Duke Nukem 3D and it's pretty awesome, but it's just the controls really
suck, so what's the point?
Of course, more Plants vs. Zombies, that was a lot of fun.
I also played a little bit of the newly released Bit.Trip Beat on the iPod, and the only thing
I don't like about that game, and it was kind of the same way when it was on the Wii, where
everything you had to kind of tilt the controller to move your paddle up and down.
Well, you have to tilt the iPod to move your paddle up and down, and I really think it
would have been a lot better if you could just use the touch screen to move your finger
up and down the screen.
It would be a lot more accurate, and it can ramp up the difficulty or something like that
because it's just very awkward for me to tilt the stupid screen.
Then non-iPod stuff, I actually tried the demo for Start the Party, which is one of
the PlayStation Move games, because we had friends over and they wanted to see some of
the Move stuff, and I've got to admit, that game was actually kind of fun, and it kind
of reminds me of the old iToyPlay games, and you might be thinking, oh, iToyPlay, that's
going to be crap.
Well, actually, what's kind of cool about it is the fact that with the camera now and
the motion controllers, you can actually do a lot of the augmented reality stuff.
For example, most of the games actually in that use augmented reality controls, so you'll
have your motion controller that you're holding, and it actually looks like a tennis racket,
and you can move it around in any direction that you want, and it basically looks like
you're holding a tennis racket, and it's very accurate, very fun to play, actually.
They have a lot of, they had a little round in the game where it kind of switches up games
really quick, kind of like WarioWare, and it was actually quite fun.
So I might actually check out the full version of that if, you know, it would be a good party
game or something.
That, and of course, more sports champions play a little bit of that demo as well, because
I still haven't actually gone out to buy any full version Move games yet, because I just
don't usually play in the PlayStation 3, because it's in the main room, and the wife likes
to watch TV and stuff, and there's a baby there, so that kind of makes it difficult.
Then of course, more, you know, Grand Theft Auto, that stuff every week.
But yeah, I've got Dead Rising 2 and Halo Reach to get to, though, so eventually I'll
play those.
I'm actually looking forward to playing Dead Rising 2, so yeah, it'll be fun.
That's pretty much all I played this week, yeah, so that's it.
Well, my week was spent with a little Star Trek Online, but I didn't really play a whole
lot.
I've had kind of a weird week, and I spent the first half of it kind of sick.
So I did get on some Plants vs. Zombies.
Rob came over on Tuesday night to record part of the intro, and he was so funny playing
Super Metroid, because he was doing his Samus that sounds awfully like Rob voice, going
ow, well that hurt, and then there's this one part right before you go to fight.
Was it Craig, Ridley, or one of the, Craig, Craig, sorry, I don't know what, I was thinking
of school.
Craig?
Craig.
No, Craig.
That's the wrong game.
Which we did play.
I know, I know it is.
Which we did play, but I'll get to that next.
But there's this one part where this person is dead and covered in bugs, and the bugs
play off, and Rob's like, LOL you're dead, which I thought was funny.
And then Rob left, and we played Turtles in Time on the SNES, and we beat the game, because
Dan and I are an awesome team.
So Shredder did not dine on turtle soup?
No, but he kept talking about it, and I'm like, dude, don't you have any original lines
or something?
And so, yesterday I went to play, just because we had to go ahead and go buy this really
crappy arcade, I stopped to play Para Para Paradise, which is the first mix plus, and
it was pretty fun.
I actually remembered how to do three of them off the top of my head, and did a decent job,
and of course, I had four songs to play, so I just redid Night of Fire, because Night
of Fire is fun.
And then came home, and I've played some Sims, and mostly it's just been little bits of gaming
except for Tuesday night, because I've had school work and other stuff to do, so that's
been my gaming week.
More eventful than usual, but not as, not really all that busy.
My gaming week will be busier soon, once Fable 3 comes out, because I totally pre-ordered
that this weekend.
So you'll be-
Are you going to yell at the dog?
Already for Dance Masters when it comes out, since you've been playing some Para Para,
that's all that game really is anyways, or not Dance Masters, it's uh, no it is Dance
Masters.
Dance Masters, yeah.
That's right, because there's Dance Central is the other one.
I wonder if there's going to be actual Para Para in it.
It is!
That's what the moves are, they're Para Para, they had Night of Fire on there, and it's
exact same thing.
I'm totally getting this.
Dan, we're getting this.
He's over at my desk.
I do have to get the Kinect though, and that's expensive.
Yeah, that's true.
But I am getting that.
And I actually probably will pick up this game just for fun, because it's funny.
Dan's over there saying that he's sure that we'll have it.
So as for some general housekeeping, like we've been mentioning, Rob is on a giant cylinder
defying the laws of gravity, although he is making good use of the laws of propulsion
and aerodynamics.
So way to go Rob.
He's probably up there asleep or playing as Game Boy or something.
That being said, Rob will probably not be here the entire episode, or if he's here it
will be towards the end, and I'm not making any promises.
Also um...
Which is why we're going to do this episode really quick so that it doesn't happen.
But we do have the lovely Tiara with us tonight, who is always welcome to be on the show if
she ever gets in town again.
Yeah, I know.
I gotta save up some vacation time.
Yeah.
Well, that being said, why don't we hop right into the news head first and get ready for
some decontamination afterwards.
Yes.
So the big news this week, of course, Nintendo had their own little press conference not
to be outdone by Tokyo Game Show, and of course everything Nintendo was covered by.
You're like, bitch, we're Nintendo.
Exactly.
They can do whatever they want.
We're not coming to your conference, we have our own conference, and you can't come.
So they talked, of course, the 3DS, because that's going to be the big release for them
next year.
Lots of details coming out about it.
Of course, it is going to be coming out in February for a lot of money, unfortunately.
I don't think it's going to exactly be that expensive when it comes out over here, but
over there it is quite expensive.
25,000 yen, which is the equivalent of US, or about 300 US, and it'll be out in aqua
blue and cosmos black.
So that's interesting.
February 26, 2011 is the actual date.
They're saying that the estimates in the other regions, it's supposed to come out around
before the end of the first quarter, so probably during their fiscal year.
So that's coming out then, and some other details, of course, came out about it as well,
since they covered everything.
What it'll actually come with when you buy it.
It's going to have, of course, the AC adapter, but what's kind of neat, though, is it has
a charging stand, so you don't have to buy one of those third-party things, just slap
it right in there.
And by the way, when it's sitting in the charging stand, it kind of looks like a little puppy,
so that's kind of weird with the two cameras on there.
It's a cute little puppy.
Oh, that is cute.
Of course, the touch pen and a 2GB SD card, as well as six augmented reality cards, as
well as instruction booklets and all that fun stuff.
And I guess there's actually going to be a built-in augmented reality game that you can
play using the 3DS cameras.
So that'll be kind of neat.
I wonder if the picked up chat's still in there, because that'd be fun.
And of course, other fun stuff that's going to be available.
You will be able to, of course, download games to the console as well.
They're going to have the ability to import games that you've downloaded from your DSi
or DSi XL into the 3DS.
Also, they're going to have a brand new virtual console that's going to cover Game Boy and
Game Boy Color games.
So that'll be out there at some point.
And other fun things, of course, they're going to be having a web browser that actually works
this time.
It's not just some cheap-ass web browser that they're going to tack on later on.
It's actually going to have Flash support in it, I believe.
And they're going to also have kind of a tag mode as well, where you can walk around and
it'll automatically exchange data with other machines, since you won't have to just manually
turn it on.
And some other things that they're talking about with that is possibly doing firmware
updates using that tag mode.
So kind of a way to make sure everybody's not pirating.
I was reading about that, but it also seems to me, though, that all it would take would
be one simple hardware hack.
Well, you could just also turn it off.
That's really worked well for the PSP.
Yeah.
Well, they don't have any sort of tag mode with the PSP, but you can always turn that
stuff off.
You might want to turn it off, say, if you're playing at home, because that's going to use
up a lot of your battery just with the Wi-Fi on all the time.
So that's what's coming out at least for the 3DS stuff, I'm sure.
The big list of games that they were talking about, I mean, everything that you can imagine.
I think they even had video of a bunch of different things.
The new Zelda remakes, Mario Kart looks awesome.
A lot more games we'll be talking about a little bit later, but very exciting stuff.
Well now, you were saying earlier when Bobby called us that you expected it to have a lower
price point.
Yeah, because it'd be dumb to put it out for $300 over here.
People would buy it though, I think.
I don't think so.
People paid $700 for a PS3.
People are not going to buy a 3DS for $300 when the Wii is, you know, $200.
So that's not going to happen.
It'll be $200 is what it's going to be when it comes out over here, I'm guessing.
That'd be my guess, at least.
I mean, it could be very well $250 or something, but I don't think it's going to be $300.
I think $250 would be reasonable.
But yeah, we'll just have to wait and see when more information comes out about that
stuff and once we get closer to the launch.
It'll be here before you know it.
Reckon so.
Well, Tara, do you have any news for us?
Yes I do, especially if you like blue hedgehogs, because...
They're crunchy.
Yes.
Wait, what?
Oh.
Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode 1 is coming out this month, and there are going to be a lot
of different release dates for different platforms.
It's coming out on October 7th for iPhone and iPod Touch through the iTunes App Store.
You can also get it through the Wii Shop channel on October 11th for 1,500 Wii Points.
Xbox Live Arcade, it'll be available October 13th for 1,200 Microsoft Points, or $15.
And on October 12th, you can get it on the PlayStation Network for about 13 euros or
10 pounds, which I believe is something like a million dollars US, or $15.
It's $14.99 actually, but our exchange rate kind of sucks.
That's putting it mildly.
I was actually watching video of Sonic 4 in action, and it looks like it's a lot of fun.
I like the updated look to it, but still the cool 2D style play.
It looked fun.
I gotta be honest.
I have this.
I played it.
I didn't like it.
No?
Really?
It was just terrible.
Like some of the different...
They tried to do different things with a few different levels, like they have a mine cart
level where you have to rotate the level around, and it just wasn't very fun.
But I'm not really one to judge, because I never really cared for the Sonic series too
much.
But for me, it didn't change my mind about it.
So that might be a good thing for people that like Sonic.
It's more of the same, but I thought it was terrible.
So that's my opinion, but this is coming from someone that doesn't really care for Sonic
the Hedgehog.
Well, one thing.
Now, I did watch someone play through the mine cart level, and it looks incredibly annoying.
However, I do like the little air dashes in there, where you can target the enemies and
dash at them.
That was my favorite thing in Sonic Adventure.
So I'm glad that's in there.
I mean, that seems to me like it's enough of an innovation.
I don't know.
We'll see what it is when it comes out, for those of us who don't already have it.
Yeah, I think the appeal of stuff like this is definitely that it's like the old Sonic
games.
It's still 2D, and the graphics are a bit shinier, but it's got that big nostalgia factor
for people who are like, like I remember playing Sonic the Hedgehog as a kid.
So it's like, oh, wow, Sonic, I want to play this just to kind of relive those memories.
That's a lot of it here with me.
I mean, if they don't change what's not broken, right?
Exactly.
Yeah.
Well, in other news, oh, Bungie.
They've done it again.
They have banned 15,000 Halo Reach cheaters and are still looking for more to ban.
Not technically cheating.
They just found a glitch in the game and exploited it.
Hey, my story, dude.
Anyway, what they did, it was called network manipulation.
They were going in, they found an exploit in the challenge, in one of the challenge
levels where you could complete it 20 and more times and then keep disconnecting yourself.
Or I like, as the Bungie rep said, intentional network manipulation to make it sound like
it was something other than pulling out the cord.
So they were able to find every one of these.
So they've just gone and done a blanket ban.
And what happened with the ban itself is that they've actually banned them for 24 hours
and removed all of the credits that they earned.
And so they won't be able to get any more.
Tigerclaw in chat points out that it's still cheating if you exploit a glitch, which I
think is true.
I agree.
I agree.
That's just a poor excuse.
I'm sorry.
If there's a glitch in the game, then you need to patch it and be done with it.
If you're using some sort of modified files or modified controllers or something like
that, then fine.
That's cheating.
But if you're using the game and using glitches in the game for your benefit, then I don't
see how that's cheating.
Because you know why?
It's available for everybody to do.
It's not something that you have an advantage over somebody else.
It's just they need to know how to do that.
And if they can do that themselves, then it's just really skill.
In other words, Halo makers, patch your damn game and fix it.
Well, they are.
So it wasn't really anything I don't think that affected a lot of people.
It was just credits to buy crap for your characters.
I don't even see what the big deal is.
It's getting free credits to get free stuff in the end.
But then again, I can see it both ways, especially trying to maintain some level of fairness
in the game and definitely replayability.
The more you play it, the more you have to earn the points the proper way.
But one thing I would like to point out is that Halo Reach earned $200 million in its
first 24 hours.
So that's the biggest Xbox game ever.
That's pretty amazing.
They're getting their money out of it.
Just a little bit.
Halo!
It prints money!
So other fun stuff.
Actually, I think you had one more thing.
The cover there.
Oh yes, Starcraft.
Thank you.
Because Bungie's not the only people buying in that.
Oh, Blizzard's doing it too.
Blizzard hit up 5,000 Starcraft 2 cheaters.
They actually, for people who hacked and modded their game, they've been permanently banned.
And I think they're still on the hunt for more people.
But for right now?
Nope.
Sorry.
You cheat, you lose.
Bye.
K, thanks.
Bye.
Flush.
They're getting serious on it.
Yes.
Literally, only a week away of its release, NBA Elite 11, the reboot, if you will, of
the NBA Live franchise, has been delayed to 2011.
And with it, of course, was the opportunity to get a free copy of NBA Jam, which was only
going to be available originally through the purchase of NBA Elite 11, at least if you
wanted it on PS3 or Xbox 360.
Of course, they haven't announced when they're going to ship it yet, but apparently they're
going to be shipping NBA Jam as a standalone product on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in time
for the holidays.
And they haven't said exactly when.
I guess it's just a matter of time since the game was pretty much done anyways.
And apparently they're not sure what the cost of it will be.
Unfortunately, NBA Jam was supposed to be a free game, so if they go and charge $60
for it, I think a lot of people are going to feel ripped off.
But that'll be coming out sometime this year.
Of course, NBA Jam is already available on the Wii, or at least it will be next week.
And it's kind of funny, because that just makes NBA 2K11 the only choice for basketball,
at least in October.
You can go outside and play some real basketball.
That would work too.
I'm just saying.
No, but then they'll fall and skin their knee!
I'm actually kind of good at basketball, but I'm very klutzy, so I always am jamming a
finger or getting hit in the face with a basketball or something.
So yeah, the video game versions are very much safer than actual real life sports.
You're not NBA Jamming your finger?
Well, I mean, I dig NBA Jam.
I think that's probably a game I'd be interested in, at least, versus NBA Elite.
But you gotta ask yourself, you know, Elite 11 must have been really fucked up if they
got to delay it to next year.
I mean, was there some serious problems with that game?
Obviously, no one seems to be really asking them, so why was the game delayed anyways?
Licensed NBA star here wanted more money for said likeness.
There is a rumor, though, that it was done, because there was somebody selling a disc
on eBay for the PlayStation 3 version.
I'm not sure if that was a demo disc or what.
But at least there was some sort of disc pressed for NBA Elite 11.
I don't know.
It would be interesting to see.
I mean, I don't really know if NBA Live 10 was just that terrible that they had to go
back to the drawing board with Elite, which, by the way, I think Elite is a dumb name for
their series anyways.
You know, you have this long-running series that people are familiar with, and let's just
get rid of that, because who needs name recognition anyways?
It's EA.
They're gonna buy anything we put out, right?
So I think it's a little elitist that way, and at least they're taking the time to finish
it.
Yes.
No pun there.
For the record, mine was fully intended.
I don't know.
But yeah.
Looking forward to NBA Jam.
Hope there's lots of presidents in there.
Hope Clinton's in there.
Of course, Obama.
That'd be funny.
I think it'd be cool if you could play as Sarah What's-Her-Face.
Sarah Palin?
Yeah.
I'd usually try to put her out of my head, but I'm just picturing now specialized quotes
for different political figures that would be funny, like hers would be, hey, I can see
Russia from up there.
I can see Russia from the court.
But anyways, moving on.
Yes, please.
Since Loki was talking about the 3DS release details, that wasn't all that was talked about
during this whole Nintendo conference.
Mistwalker's last story was actually given a release date, and it's going to be out on
January 27th.
But not only that, there's going to be a couple of Wii sequels that they announced at the
Nintendo conference.
And one is for the Game Boy Advance slash DS, and that's Rhythm Heaven.
And I actually did not like that game.
I played the first Rhythm Heaven, and yeah, I thought it kind of sucked.
It did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I don't know why that's exciting news, but it's there, you know.
And the other one is a sequel to the Zero series, which is known here as Fatal Frame.
Ooh, Fatal Frame is awesome.
Yeah, that's kind of a cool game.
That's more exciting than Rhythm Heaven, I think.
The creep factor is definitely with that one.
Yeah.
Are you...
Am I going to pick up Fatal Frame?
No.
I want to.
I think I am.
They already had a Fatal Frame game over here.
I just...
I don't really care.
It was all right.
I still need to buy Choanaki, which has nothing to do with Fatal Frame.
I don't know if you need to buy that.
Okay.
It's probably not that good.
Oh, come on.
It's muscle-bound men flying around shooting things.
My mistake.
I guess that must be awesome, then.
It is awesome.
It's laughable and awesome.
Indeed.
Yeah.
Well, now, moving on to another front, PC gaming.
It's been speculated that the PC gaming market is on a serious decline, and yeah, we've seen
a lot of it.
Some of the major franchises just haven't been there or have been turning towards the
consoles, but now they're saying that certain titles, certain key titles, will be saving
PC gaming altogether, and that's Civilization V and StarCraft II, because, I mean, think
about it.
When those both came out, they were totally pulling in new players, and on top of that,
we've also gotten...
This isn't just, you know, in the world of the MMO, because, I'm sorry, World of Warcraft
is going to be keeping the PC gaming going, but these have just been really big powerhouses.
They've definitely been pulling in the money and getting more people to, you know, upgrade
computer bits.
Like, we upgraded our graphics card just so that Dan could play StarCraft II, and these
are actually pulling in a lot more of the money.
Now, other titles that are contributing to this, too, is definitely The Sims 3, because
they keep bringing out more and more expansions to that, and I think Steam has the right idea
with bringing out more and more PC games, but as far as those in particular, they are
exclusively PC developed.
They're ones that are definitely trying to keep that whole element of gaming alive, and
do you think that they're going to be enough to keep it going?
I don't even know if PC gaming is really dead.
I mean, it's just...
Well, it didn't say dead, just on the decline.
I don't even know if that's true.
I mean, if anything, I know digital distribution seems to work the best on PC.
I don't think...
I mean, it's definitely easier sometimes on consoles because you don't have to worry about
having the specs to play a game.
It's just, you know, it works or it doesn't.
I don't know.
I don't know if I agree with the statement that it's...
I mean, I'm sure it helped because they're big selling games, but there will always be
something else that comes out that will be a big selling game in the PC world.
Well, now, Civ V got a 91 on Metacritic, which is pretty nice, and Starcraft 2, what is
it, 3 million copies have been sold already?
So that's pretty crazy, and it got a 93 on Metacritic.
So I don't know.
I think in some respects, if you look at it in a financial sense, as far as games that
come out that just aren't selling very well, then I think that that's where the decline
can be seen.
Not necessarily the people that enjoy the gaming themselves, but just in the games that
have come out and how well they sell, but these two have clearly turned that around
if that was the case.
Yeah.
And then, of course, we've got our MMOs.
Always going to be addicts.
Right, Tara?
Indeed.
But for me, there are some MMOs that I can't play because I am on a Mac, so Star Trek Online
is completely out for me, and my friend who also owns a Mac has Starcraft 2, and he has
incredible problems with it.
It's just not as stable.
So for me, it's harder to play quote-unquote PC games because I don't own a PC, I own a
Mac.
Well now, Steam, though, does have a Mac client now with a good number of games.
Yeah, that's true.
That is true, and I actually have downloaded a couple of games through Steam.
So actually, that has opened up the door to me to buy more games, but it's just a lot
more difficult, especially if you don't, you know, if you want to go out and you just want
to play a game right away and it's not available, it's like, well, I guess I'll just get the
console version then.
Well, Ranma's suggesting desktop parallels.
I just, I don't like Windows, and I don't want to put Boot Camp or anything else on
my Mac to run Windows in order to play games.
Yeah, that's about what it's going to be like when I have my full Linux box, except Linux,
one cool thing about Linux, though, is that it will run multiple environments fairly smoothly
if you have the computer with the processing power for it.
So I think that Linux users probably have the best of all those worlds.
I would agree with that.
You know, Linux is a good OS, and it's pretty stable, and it's better than Windows, and
that's all I can say about that.
And Linux Mint now is in its final production version, so that's pretty cool, but this isn't
Linux chat.
It's not?
No.
Oh, okay.
It's Orishome's foodie-o, where I'm enjoying a delicious taco salad.
Nom nom nom.
So now that we've had our mention of food and Linux, how about some release dates?
I feel sick since we were talking about food and Linux, mainly just about Linux.
I got a sandwich and I thought it would be good, but it's not.
Apparently this local grocery store over here, Rayleigh's, they have these mega subs now,
and they have like input two different meats and stuff on it.
Normally I just get like a turkey and cheese and stuff, but I figured, hey, two different
meats, so I better pick two different meats, two different cheeses, I guess I better pick
two different cheeses.
I have like a turkey, cheddar, provolone, and salami sandwich, and it's not as good
as I would have hoped.
The salami's too sweet, I guess.
Anyways, so lots of stuff coming out this week because we are finally in the fourth
quarter and they're kicking it off with lots of games.
My mic is steady.
Okay, you're cutting out just a little bit.
I don't cut.
Did you give me the crappy mic?
I thought I didn't give you the crappy mic.
Well thank you.
Okay, anyways, so, lots of stuff coming out this week, of course, the delay of FIFA Soccer
2011 on the Wii, it came out a week later than the rest, so poor, poor Wii people had
to wait an additional week.
Pokemon Ranger Guardian Signs on the Nintendo DS, yay, Pokemon!
Pokemans, let us show you them.
Hollywood Squares on the Nintendo Wii, yes.
Because those games never get old.
The Sports Collection from Ubisoft, can we get a more generic name for that, seriously?
That's just some sports games, I guess, on the DS.
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire on the Wii and DS?
I hope Regis is still in that.
Enslaved Odyssey to the West coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 this week.
It's supposed to be a pretty awesome action RPG.
Littlest Pet Shop, got lots of games for that.
Littlest Pet Shop, Biggest Star is Blue, Biggest Star is Pink, and Biggest Star is Purple,
and yeah, got to purchase all three, I guess, because they're that awesome.
Wait until you start buying Blue's Clues and all the kid titles for your little boy when
he's older.
Uh, no, for one, the other day I'll make those on DS.
It's really just Dora or Go Diego Go, or Ni Ha, Kai Lan, um, no one will not be buying that
crap.
He will have more sophisticated tastes than that, I mean, come on.
He's like, you know, I want the Dora the Explorer game.
No, he wants a Mario Kart.
That's it.
Here you go, you shoot the hooker.
Hey, I can mod a game of Grand Theft Auto that's not as violent.
I have that ability.
Ben 10 Ultimate Alien, that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PSP this week.
Def Jam Rap Star, coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, also with the version
with the microphone.
It is the, I guess, karaoke revolution of the rap world.
And it must be hardcore because it's got Def Jam in front of it.
NBA 2K11, now the only NBA game coming out this year, well, the only simulation NBA game
coming out this year.
That's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and on the Wii.
Ah, yes, more kids games, as you were mentioning before, stuff I could purchase for my son
later on.
Freddy Fish ABC Under the Sea, that's definitely for little kids.
Pets, Fantasies, Sunshine Magic, and Moonlight Magic, those are on DS as well.
Castlevania Lords of Shadow, the Castlevania game that's not really Castlevania, but has
Castlevania entitled Just to Sell More Copies, and that is coming out on PlayStation 3 and
Xbox 360 this week as well.
Ah, the epic, award-winning I Love Puppies for Nintendo DS, and it's neither of those
two.
It's just another puppy game where you raise puppies and do stuff.
But don't you love puppies, Logie?
Puppies are great!
Puppies are fine, but I'm not gonna buy another game with puppies in it.
I learned the first time, thank you Nintendo.
Vampire Moon, the Mystery of the Hidden Sun.
It's a vampire adventure game, yay!
It was probably one of those hidden picture games, and I guess that's fine.
Rapala Pro Bass Fishing 2010, the bundles version of that, with your wireless fishing
rod, so you can, I don't know, live out your white trash fantasies, I don't know.
Way of the, that's a re-release, if I ever saw one, Way of the Samurai 3, it's already
been out.
I'm not gonna even mention that again.
Um, Final Fantasy, the Four Heroes of Light on Nintendo DS, that's actually a pretty good
release.
Yay!
Yay!
Woo!
I agree with Ranma, he says fuck all these puppy games, I want a kitty game, dammit.
They, okay, listen, they are gonna have kitty games coming out, in fact, I know there's
one coming out, but you're gonna have to live with the puppy game for right now.
How about a monkey game?
They already had a monkey game, okay.
There's been a ferret game too.
There's been a pets monkeys game, in fact there was two pets monkeys games, and they
were terrible.
You dressed up monkeys in like little outfits and stuff.
That's fantastic.
That sounds like the most amazing thing ever.
I only remember what, there was some TV show where there's these people that couldn't have
children or something, they're really old people, and they ended up dressing up monkeys
like children, and would take them out in like baby carriages and stuff like that.
It's very, very disturbing, and you can still get that game, so that, you know.
Alright, Tiara, we need to go get pets monkeys.
Yes, I agree with that statement.
Dress up our monkeys.
Yes.
John Daly's Pro Stroke Golf on Playstation 3, it is-
Pro Stroke.
Pro Stroke, yes.
He's not just an amateur stroke, he can stroke it like a pro.
Oh my.
That is coming out on Playstation 3, it does support the Playstation move for one-to-one
stroking.
And then this was, I think, a leftover from last week because, oops, prank party, still
hasn't come out yet, thank you Hudson for delaying that another week, so I have to mention
it for you, free advertising there.
More Bomberman, Hudson, do you hear me?
More Bomberman.
There's a new Bomberman game coming out on Xbox Live Arcade at some point.
Bomberman.
I've seen it.
My own eyes.
Coco Interactive, it's another casual game, Jewel Master Cradle of Athena.
Who gives a crap what it's about, it's just a jewel game that you match three.
NBA Jam coming out on the Wii, that's right, you get it before the Playstation 3 and Xbox
360 versions because it was actually supposed to come out standalone on the Wii.
None of this fancy stuff because your game sucks, so you had to delay it and that kind
of fun stuff.
Um, and that would be it for this week, I know, disappointing, not a lot of pets games.
Yeah, needs more monkeys.
Definitely more monkeys.
Sadly there are no monkeys being released in Japan this week either, but there is enslaved
Odyssey to the West on both the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3, as well as F1 2010 on both
of those consoles, and Red Dead Redemption and Tom Clancy's Hawks 2 are both out on the
360 and the PSP as well this week.
And on the PS3, but not on the Xbox 360, we have Gekijoban Makros F Itsuarino Utahime
Hybrid Pack, yay that's a mouthful, I heard Makros, yes, Makros F to be precise, that's
from the new anime Frontier, right, yeah, and Ken Tomahou Togakugen Mono 3 is also coming
out for the Playstation 3, and coming out on the Sony PSP this week we've got Bokuakoku
Kenseikan Airport Hero Hameda, so that should be something with an airport in it I assume,
Kana Imoto is coming out as well as the limited edition version, and Ken Tomahou Togakugen
Mono 3 is also coming out on the PSP.
And lastly for Japanese releases on the Nintendo DS, we've got Kingdom Hearts Recoded, yeah
that's fun, I love Kingdom Hearts, yay, we also have 10 Kaichi Sengoku Lovers, and Maru
Gogaku Shikaku Dashu Hanbashi Kente Shiken 2Q 3Q, that's too many QQ's, that's two or
three too many Q's, two Q's is sad, three Q's is grateful, sound cute, anyway, that
was awful, how about we go jump overboard and swim our way over to the UK, actually
I would just rather just be teleported there and stay, that would be great, on the 5th
we have Left 4 Dead The Sacrifice for PC and Xbox 360, and on the 5th we also have Fantasy
Star Portable 2, on the 8th is a whole crap ton of stuff, Castlevania Lords of Shadow,
Enslaved Odyssey to the West, Final Fantasy, The Four Heroes of Light, Front Mission Evolved,
John Daly's Pro Stroke Off, cause he likes to stroke it, like a pro in England, oh dear,
PES 2011, We Party, and WRC on a bunch of systems, and that would be it for the UK.
Alrighty, well one game that's not coming out this week, or even when it was intentionally
gonna come out back in April of 2011, Gears of War 3 has been delayed to the 4th quarter,
no reason why, I'm sure it's just to add extra polish, or because Microsoft realized hey,
we don't have a good 4th quarter game, so it will not be coming out when it's intended,
but you know what, there's plenty of games coming out in April, and hell, I wouldn't
want to take any more time away from Marvel vs. Capcom 3, so I'm fine with that delay.
I definitely, I think I could just totally ignore any Gears of War for Marvel vs. Capcom
3, because that game is full of the awesome and tons of characters I want to play.
Yeah, MVC 3, yes, Gears of War 3, probably not, because I haven't played Gears of War
1 or 2, just saying.
I don't know, I think I'm most excited for playing as X-23 in Deadpool.
I don't know about Deadpool, but yeah, Deadpool in video games is kind of cool because he's
aware that he's a video game character, and he has all the funny lines, but there's too
much Deadpool.
Deadpool is self-aware now.
Yes.
Well really, don't get us started on Deadpool, because we always have the weekly Deadpool
rant on comic insanity, plug plug plug.
But a game that is coming out that is not being delayed, well, it's not being delayed
because it came out in 2003, and I remember playing this game on the PS2, is Beyond Good
and Evil.
Do you guys remember that game?
Yes.
Yeah.
That was a good game, and it's actually getting an HD re-release.
So Ubisoft is going to be re-releasing the game in high definition, and they haven't
said when, but sometime in 2011.
That sounds like it will be a treat.
Yes indeed.
I'm very excited about that.
I really loved that game.
It was a good game.
Well now it's time for the classic game of the week, and because I do this, it's kind
of weird for me to have to manipulate the music and everything at the same time, so
I'm actually just going to stop that, because I don't have Rob's mad skills to do them all
at the same time.
And I will instead start off with a little bit of music, and I'd like to see how many
people can guess what it is.
Just by the opening.
Very beginning.
Presented by Sega.
That should be clue enough.
Hey, we are the Sonic Team.
Yes, the game of the week is Samba de...
Samba de amigo!
Samba de nidé!
Woohoo!
Party!
I have a special love of Samba de amigo.
Uno, due, dre, cuatro.
God, the music is just so perky.
I feel like shaking my butt, or some maracas, or maybe the microphone like a maraca.
Or all three of those.
I will do them all at the same time, which makes it really bad for radio.
At any rate, as we've been talking about maracas, yes you use maracas as your controllers, and
they have these little sensors on the bottom.
And what you do is, you have to hit these little, there's two in the middle that are
on the top, and two in the middle that are on the bottom, and then two out to the side.
Well, one on each side.
And you have to hit the right little sphere with your maraca at the same time, and it
uses the motion sensor to make sure you're in the right place.
You have to actually adjust it by your height so that you can make sure that you're going
to hit the sensor at the right place.
And this game was played at many a New Year's party at my house, I can say.
The game uses lots of different Latin-styled music, and you are, on screen you are represented
by a monkey named Amigo.
We're back to monkeys, Takara.
Yay, monkey!
And he will dance, and the better you do, he'll do the ice-crunchy Cartman face and
start dancing even more, and then the sky will turn all rainbows, and so you either
shake high, or you shake middle, or you shake low, and when you hit the blue areas, you're
just going to hit it once and shake, but you have red ones that tell you just to shake
it over and over and over and over and over again.
And then the stickly man comes up on the screen, which we all know stickly man from his next
job working for Homestar Runner, but he poses, and you have to match that pose by holding
each maraca at the right position, as indicated on the screen.
So you can pick three songs and play through each of them.
You can play them easier or harder.
You also have little mini-games, one called Guacamole, which is actually pronounced Guacamole,
like Whack-a-mole, and Strike a Pose, where you have to do different series of poses,
and one, two, samba, where you have to hit different spots in sequence.
In the Japanese version, it's called ichinii samba, which is a funny pun in Japanese, because
it's one, two, three, but samba, yeah, anyway.
There's party mode and battle, where you can play versus couples game.
There's a couples game version, which in Japan is called Love Love, where you play through
the song to see how compatible you are.
And then in later versions, in version 2000, there's different things to play in there,
like hustle mode, where you have to follow the dots and shake the maracas the right way,
but you have to do things in these really weird poses, and you're actually moving the
full 360 rotation around, so it's kind of interesting.
There's also different versions out that have extra songs in there.
In version 2000, there's another monkey out called Amiga, who plays a tambourine, and
she's very fun.
In the other versions that came out, there actually are other songs that were in different
Sega games, like for downloadables, you had the theme from After Burners, you had Burning
Hearts from Burning Rangers, which I love.
You also have the Rent-A-Hero theme, which is incredibly funny, stuff from Nights, stuff
from Sonic Adventure, Jet Set Radio, Daytona USA, Outrun, Fantasy Zone, the Oppa Oppa theme
is in there, Sonic CD, the Japanese opening song is in there, Super Sonic Racing from
Sonic R, and just a bunch of cool stuff, but as far as the songs in the game, definitely
some people might recognize Mambo No. 5 and Mexican Flyer, well anyone who played Space
Channel 5 and watched Swing Girls should know that song anyway, Oya Como Va by Santana,
Papa Loves Mambo is in there, also SOS The Tiger Took My Family by Dr. Bombay is in there,
which has nothing to do with Latin music.
And yet is still awesome.
Yes.
And one of my favorite things to play in there was actually the Cup of Life is in there,
I thought it was funny, and the Stupid Catch-Up Song is in there, which I always avoided,
and Highway to Hell is in there.
In the Wii version anyway.
So yeah.
That has a lot to do with Latin music.
I'm going to play the combination of Highway to Hell and Tub Thumping, which is also in
all of the versions.
It's really fun, actually the Wii version did come out, but it didn't get very, very
good ratings.
It has some extra stuff in there, it has Are You Gonna Be My Girl by Jet, and Mambo Mambo,
and I Want Candy, and it's got other characters in there, such as Sonic and Ooh La La.
And you can, it will use your little me's, and put some right by your score.
And it changes the different expressions that are used based on your performance in the
game.
There was a successor out that not many people know about, I've actually played it, that's
called Shakuto Tambourine, which is played just like Samba de Amigo, except you use a
tambourine controller and it's all J-Pop music.
And there was a version of Samba de Amigo, kinda, that was the itoy version for Sega
Superstars, where it used the itoy to hold where your hands were, instead of the sensors
like the maracas used.
And by the way, Shakuto Tambourine is actually really fun and very hard, just saying.
Very hard.
Because you've only got one tambourine, and you have to do these little swiping moves
over your head and shake the tambourine at the same time, and it's kind of a pain in
the butt.
Anyway, you've got characters, you have Amigo, who we've mentioned is a monkey, and Amigo,
who is also a monkey, woohoo!
And we have Linda, who is the Samba school dancer that wears the butterfly costume.
And Bingo and Bongo, they're bears that play the bongos.
Rio is a cat person who's like a cat and a jaguar.
He carries a rose and a horn, ooh.
There's Chumba and Wamba, who play the mandolin and the conga drums, and they're named after
Chumbawamba.
And Mr. Pose, who is also known as Stickley Man.
And that is the game, that is Samba de Amigo, which I personally think the Dreamcast ones
are the best, but that would be me.
So anybody else enjoy Samba de Amigo?
Samba de Amigo is awesome, but like all the animals, the way that you describe the characters
just now, it makes me think of like old Disney cartoons like DuckTales and Tailspin, where
it's like a town full of weird animals doing stuff that people usually do.
It sounds like Samba de Amigo belongs in like, you know, the Disney kind of world.
Yeah, I guess so.
Maybe they've got their own like Amigoville, where they all hang out and drink Nescafe.
I used to play Samba de Amigo a lot, like a million years ago.
It was a long time ago.
It was a good game though.
It was fun.
Oh, it's fantastic.
Some of my old New Year's parties that we used to have over here were always, I mean
rock bands pretty much replaced just about everything music related, but would always
break out DDR and Samba de Amigo and pretty soon just be drunk in Samba de Amigo, surrounded
by lots of beer and people would fall over and I would tell them not to break my maracas.
I still have my maracas and I still, I should dust them off and play them soon.
You should.
Well, we are now though, sadly at the end of part A, but this means we get to go into
part B. Yay.
So everyone stay tuned.
We're going to go to a little break and we will hear you when we, we will hear you.
We will talk to you when we get back.
You will hear us when we get back.
I can't hear them.
Ah, no.
Okay.
Welcome back to part B of episode four, three hundred and eight, the three eighty four.
Three eighty four.
Yes.
Episode yes.
Of Orange Lounge Radio.
I am the Dark Sakura.
This is Loki and joining us is Mar and Marvel, also known as or known in real life as Tiara.
Woo hoo.
I just told them your secret identity.
Oh no.
So it's like you unmasked me in front of millions and millions of people.
Now I'm going to have to make a deal with the devil and have my entire history changed
so that nobody knows who I am.
Except really the Illuminati is behind it.
Yep.
Yeah.
So welcome back, but that's another reference to perhaps a different podcast that Tiara
and I do.
Hmm.
Perhaps.
A different friend of ours who is also an Orange Lounge listener.
So welcome back to the show.
As I said, we have got some rapid fire news coming up and tweeter topics because they're
tweety and good.
And if you're all good, then Tiara might do it in a porn voice.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
Mayhaps?
Mayhaps.
Mayhaps.
We may have porn voice tonight.
Hahaha.
Okay.
So why don't you get us started, Loki?
Finally, we've been begging and pleading for Capcom to listen, and they have Mega Man Legends
3 has been announced.
Coming to the 3DS, of course, right now it's just Project, or Mega Man Legends 3 Project.
It's a work in progress, I guess, and we'll be coming out at some point, I'm guessing
probably next year.
So that'll be kind of cool.
And of course, this week, like every other week, Rock Band Download content.
Got lots of it.
This week we've got REM.
They have a pack there, including Driver 8.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
Living Well is the best revenge.
Radio Free Europe, Stand, Superman These Days, and What's the Frequency, Kenneth.
Those are each available for $2 or the equivalent in fake points.
Or you can get the pack for $13.49 or 1080 Microsoft Points.
Sorry, it's not available for a pack on the WiiWare store.
Also the T-Rex pack, featuring 3 songs from them.
Children of the Revolution, Cosmic Dancer, and Jeepster.
Also those available for $2 each or $5.49 for the whole pack.
So that'll be coming this week.
And unfortunately no standalone songs.
I guess it's just those two packs.
You can purchase a song standalone in there, but nothing additional.
And then finally, there's been some new information coming out about my game of the year next
year.
Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon.
Some gameplay video.
Looked absolutely awesome.
Of course, they had some details regarding the gameplay in case anyone had concerns.
First off, there's actually some new armors that you can use in the game.
They have 4 different ones that you can kind of swap around through.
You will still be limited to 2 weapons per mission, which kind of sucks because I really
wish it was 3.
But whatever.
I'll deal.
And 150 weapons, also I believe you can earn different points to increase abilities on
your player as well as the weapons that you have.
There will also be an equivalent to the genocide gun in the game, which for those who haven't
played Earth Defense Force 2017, the genocide gun is a gun that fires a really big laser
blast that blows up a lot of stuff.
The title itself will also run very smoothly as opposed to the last game that came out,
where you can actually have up to 80 enemies on the screen and the game will actually keep
running smoothly at 30 frames per second.
The game will also feature some increased difficulties as well, the legendary infernal
mode.
It's going to take about 8 hours to complete the game on normal mode, but normal is for
wimps, so no one should actually play it on normal.
And they're also going to have a 6 player horde mode, which apparently you will be pitted
against endless waves of enemies that will attack you relentlessly.
Also a remix mode where random enemies will spawn instead of the normal enemies that appear
during the campaign.
And if you're very interested in checking it out, there's some gameplay video on Destructoid
and oh my god it looks awesome.
I was kind of worried though with the developer being the one that did the Matt Hazard game
and that wasn't that great, but it looks cool and the dialogue is extremely cheesy, so it
should be cool.
One other thing, the game will actually have 3 player co-op drop in drop out.
They're also going to have 2 AI controlled bots that will fight alongside of you in case
you don't have actual friends to play with.
And apparently they are pretty good and they'll actually help you out through the game, otherwise
you can get people to help you out.
And definitely looking forward to this, going to probably pick up about 3 copies of it,
so make sure I have one for each person to play at my work, so yeah, check it out.
And we got any more news, Tiara?
Yes we do.
Those of you who have pre-ordered your keyboard bundle for Rock Band 3 on the PS3 may have
noticed that it has disappeared from US retail sites and that's because there is a contract
problem where Harmonix cannot sell the PS3 keyboard bundle.
So you will have to buy your keyboard for $10 extra, but you can still buy the bundle
on the Xbox 360 and Wii, so that's good, yay, because I have the Xbox 360.
And also, Konami is releasing an awesome, awesome, awesome new 3D racing arcade game
called Road Fighters, and it's got like a cabinet with a steering wheel, and it has
drop down 3D glasses, so that's kind of awesome.
And you can switch between 2D and 3D by pushing a button, and I don't know, it seems cool,
I love arcade games like this, I suck at racing games, but it just looks cool, and 3D is the
whole new fad of TV, movies, and gaming, so it should be interesting, and it does look
really cool.
The glasses look ridiculous, I have to say, but it should be fun, and 3D really I think
is an excellent element for a racing game, since you are right in there with all the
cars and all the excitement.
The glasses look 80s-tastic.
They do, they really do, I think that's part of the reason it's so awesome.
That's great.
And lastly, with Marvel vs. Capcom 3 coming out, and Street Fighter 4 released lately,
and things like that, what about Darkstalkers?
I would like to see another game having something to do with Darkstalkers, wouldn't you?
Absolutely.
Well, Capcom producer Yoshinori Ono told Eurogamer that making another game in the series would
be his ultimate dream, and it can only happen if fans demand it.
And he said that it's all up to the readers to get Inafune-san interested in doing the
game, and according to Ono, it would take 1 million requests before Inafune says yes.
So unfortunately there haven't been that many requests for the game.
There have been about 5,000, so only 995,000 more requests for a Darkstalkers game before
they will consider making one.
Get on it, peeps.
I'm not gonna put my name in there.
It's dumb, I mean come on, they're doing this crap that they did with, like, what, uh, paranormal
activity.
They're doing the same shit with the second movie too, by the way, where, demand it in
your city.
No, how about I don't?
Because the first movie was terrible.
Yeah, as I said-
I demand that you don't put it in my city.
More like Paris Normal activity, I thought it was the worst movie ever, but I digress.
This is Darkstalkers, and Darkstalkers is awesome.
Yeah, but I think that they should know that the interest is out there, and if they made
the game, that people would buy it, and you know, for them to be like, oh no, you have
to ask us for it.
Well just make the freaking game, it's not like you're gonna be losing money on it.
Well ask for it with our dollars.
Yes.
Or our yen.
Or whatever.
If you say it bluntly, it's like saying, okay, listen, you gotta suck my cock, but you're
gonna have to beg for it first, I mean, that's, that's the way they're putting it, I mean,
it's just, it's insulting.
I mean, if you wanna put out a game, put out a good fighting game, because people are gonna
buy any fighting game that you put out.
Don't make people beg for it.
We own the recipe for these fantastic lollipops, but a million of you must say that you want
our lollipops.
And by lollipops, we mean cock, so.
I was trying to do something that every, who does not like a good lollipop, I mean, please.
Well, how about the other things that are definitely gonna be coming out.
Square Enix is actually making adjustments to bring out Parasite Eve on PSN, and I don't
know about you guys, but Parasite Eve was pretty fun, although I do have to say there
were other games that I thought were more fun, but Parasite Eve was pretty cool.
Not bad for a game based off of a book.
So they're basically just gonna be bringing it out, they just have to tweak it, so that
it'll be playable.
And it's not just Parasite Eve, it's Parasite Eve 2 on the PSN.
Did you ever see the live action movie?
I have it somewhere, I haven't watched it.
I've been trying to look for the translated version of the book.
I think I have it on VCD somewhere.
I've got a VCD of it, yeah, that's, my copy's on a VCD as well.
I just sorta, oh, that's cool, and then, oh, look what else we've got, Final Fuck X.
Cause I think I got them both at the same time.
That was also based off a book.
Not really.
Okay.
And, moving forward, how about Scott Pilgrim?
The new download content is going to have, for Scott Pilgr- I said Spock Pilgrim.
Spock Pilgrim.
I would buy Spock Pilgrim, cause it is Spocktober, you know.
Yes it is.
For Scott Pilgrim vs. the World the Game, there is going to be new download content
to go along with the film's release on DVD and Blu-ray.
It will have a new playable character, Knives Chow, along with two other modes.
That's an arena battle with weapons, kind of a light version of Super Smash Brothers
it's described as, and dodgeball.
And it will be $1.99 on Playstation Network or 160 Microsoft points on Xbox Live.
And they also are going to fix some of the difficulty balancing to make it, the average
Joe level, more forgiving, and get rid of some bugs, and do drop in, drop out co-op.
It's only though for offline play only.
And they're not going to incorporate the online MMO into it, so none of that yet.
And then, speaking of Spock, Star Trek Infinite Space is to be coming out.
It's a free-to-play browser version of the game, so Mac people can play it.
And it will be out in the summer of 2011.
It's going to be published by Gameforge and developed by Keen, who also did What's Cooking
with Jamie Oliver.
And now this is the part that makes me happy.
It's set during Deep Space Nine.
That's cool.
I thought you were going to say Jamie Oliver is in the game, so that's exciting.
No.
That's not special.
The only cooking I want is the Klingon chef who plays the violin.
Yes.
And sings opera.
Klingon opera is the best.
Yes it is.
And serves half-dead gah.
And of course, you should hopefully be able to read Shakespeare and its original Klingon
in this game.
Because it sounds the best in its original Klingon.
Yes.
But the director, Anthony Christolakis, I guess, Greek name, we consider ourselves very
lucky to have this opportunity and we are highly committed to delivering a Star Trek
experience fans can be proud of.
Yay!
And well, it's not STO, but I like that it's set in the Deep Space Nine universe.
That makes me particularly happy, because Deep Space Nine was my favorite.
Well, it's, you know, TNG was going on at the same time as Deep Space Nine, so it's
probably going to be more focused towards the war, I'm guessing, with the Jem'Hadar.
So that'll be pretty awesome, because that was really a great arc, a great story in the
Star Trek universe.
I agree, and it certainly opened up lots of fantastic characterization for all kinds of
people in the series, so I thought it was fantastic.
So moving forward, we've had another visitor come into the room who is not supposed to
be in the room.
You need to go find your mommy.
Please shut the door.
Thank you, Punkin.
Sorry.
She didn't shut the door.
She didn't shut the door.
Off with her head!
Oh, that was Sophie.
That is my cousin-in-law's daughter.
Ah.
Yes, we have lots of children over right now.
She was excited about Star Trek, can you blame her?
Yeah.
She came in wearing my Indiana Jones hat when we were talking about Star Trek, so where
were we?
Oh yes, we were over to, um, Twitter Topics, weren't we?
What do we use for Twitter Topics again?
Journey to Wonderland?
Oh.
Um.
Well, we're using it.
It's Twitter Topic time.
I don't have any Twitter Topics, so we forgot to tell them to send Twitter Topics.
I did not forget.
I told them to do the break.
Yeah, we told them in the chat room to send the Twitter Topics, so we do have some Twitter
Topics.
And, uh, let's see.
Tigerclaw305 sent us a story about ex-Nintendo sales chief to lead Kidzania's creation of
kid-sized cities.
So let's see what this is about.
I found the right music.
Ah, that sounds more like it.
Now you can continue.
Kidzania is creating places for kids to learn about real life jobs and entertain themselves
in many cities with shopping malls.
So I don't know, it sounds kind of like some kind of Second Life type thing.
I don't know.
Second Life equals no life.
Yeah.
And Tigerclaw305 also sent that the Just Cause film has been optioned, and the movie script
will be written by Michael Ross, and it will be produced by Adrian Ascaria, and that should
be kind of cool or probably crappy because video game movies kind of suck.
When asked why they decided to make the movie, they said Just Cause.
Well sure, why not?
We're gonna make it.
That's the reason, yes.
And for the record, Shadowrunner says Fallout Children.
Let's see, Jay Jugo says, hey guys, I'd like this new way to present a co-host on the show.
This is a must keep, in caps.
Never forget, in hashtag.
Never forget.
Never.
Okay, and Spazinator says, in my porn voice, hey, there's a crap ton of new free vids on
the PSN store right now.
I assume that they're also available on XBL too, so what do you think about that?
That sounds hot.
Tigerclaw sent us another story, but we already talked about it, Blizzard banning Starcraft
2 cheaters.
And DarkKisuke says, wait, what?
Sexual innuendos in Orange Lounge?
No way.
Yes way, of course way, duh.
Lollipops.
Way way.
And Matt Ostrovsky, sorry if I said that wrong, Matt, sent us a story that says, story sounds
too good.
It might be a scroll.
Oh no.
Yuji Naka wants to work on the Dreamcast 2.
No.
Oh yeah.
We can dream.
We can dream.
That is wrong.
We can dream.
That's never gonna happen.
We can dream about the Dreamcast.
Waa waa.
Poor Dreamcast.
Not gonna happen.
I think one more person sent a Twitter topic.
Yes, AlphaKananagram sent us a topic about the Katamari Damacy director and his wife
starting a new company called Uvula with a low-key website.
And then rather than focusing solely on game development, the company's About Us page details
a focus on music and video games, adding that we want to widen our limit.
Okay.
Widen the limit.
So what could they do to top Noby Noby Boy?
Hmm.
But you know, I actually still play Noby Noby Boy on my iPhone.
I'm not surprised by this, actually.
He's going to eventually meet girl.
It's just like, I have no brain capacity to think of anything to do, so I'm going to play
with my little worm person.
It works.
DDR dollar bill says no Dreamcast 2 ever.
Alas.
Sadness.
Without the extra S. Shenmue 3 on Dreamcast 2, fall of 20, never ever.
Aw.
Sadness.
But yeah, that will do it for our Twitter topics this week, and if you want to have
your Twitter topics read by Rob when he is back next week, then send your Twitter topics
to Rob at at O-L-R on Twitter and he will read them, I'm sure.
Maybe we can get Rob, instead of doing a porn voice, he can invite Mr. Spanky.
Rob can do one of his voices, which always sound like Rob with kind of a high-pitched
voice.
So how about we find a few more topics to discuss?
I suppose we could.
And it's kind of interesting, apparently, of course, it's not unexpected, Sony is going
after anything that's possibly going to mod the PlayStation 3.
Of course, they went after the PS Jailbreak before, and now that that's kind of gone,
because there's free versions out there, they're now going after other things, including the
PS Groove, the kind of open source device out there, PS Freedom, and Open PS Jailbreak.
They are aiming for takedowns, I guess, apparently the website PSX Scene has found some different
things that they've marked exhibits, and they are trying to basically erase the existence
of these, not necessarily the devices, but of these programs, because the devices themselves
can be practically anything nowadays, because they've been adopting the PS Groove to practically
everything.
Everything from an iPod to a TI-84 to some old-ass MP3 players, USB development, cards,
just everything.
Unfortunately, not PSP, because they were unable to port it over to the PSP, but your
phone, iPhone, Droid, you name it, it can hack the PS3 now.
Your mom can hack a PS3.
They're going to start hack storing brains, because people are always going to think of
a way to do it.
Yeah, I mean, you can try to stop people from doing that stuff, but where there's a will,
there's a way, and if they want to hack it, they will.
Exactly.
Speaking of hack storing brains, during the Tokyo Game Show event, Q Entertainment head
Tetsuya Mizuguchi unveiled the new component of his upcoming rail shooter, Child of Eden,
and he wants participation from us, and it's for a part of the game he calls the Journey
Project, and he's seeking to build a collection of player-submitted pictures for inclusion
on the last level of the Child of Eden game.
Mizuguchi says, in this game, the player's mission is to purify everything, even data,
and this is the final stage of the game, you know, I need the beauty of memories.
So with collected memories of family, friends, and beautiful landscapes, you can get that
kind of memory with music.
It must be real.
Mizuguchi also added, I want to put everybody's credit at the end of the game, yeah.
Ubisoft clarified that images can be submitted to the official Child of Eden website through
November 20th, and any approved photos will be used in the game.
I can't even imagine what's going to be submitted by random people.
No buts in the game.
We're going to get a lot of gongoro, which would be kind of funny.
What the hell's going on out there?
Like I said, the cousins are over and they're having a fun time in the front room watching
YouTube videos of the guy singing all of the John Williams themes with his own lyrics.
Actually all about Star Wars.
Okay.
Yeah, some YouTube thing.
Wonderful.
Well, we do have a little bit of other news, at least I do, about Medal of Honor, which
for anyone who tuned into Bobby's show earlier, they know this, or they can read, but they
have decided to change the name of the multiplayer faction Taliban to Opposing Force.
Yeah, they're doing it, as I said, out of respect for those in the military and for
those who have lost family members in the war, and they're trying not to show any disrespect.
I sort of have the opinion that they already had this in mind, and this was a ploy to get
a little more publicity, but hey, if they're doing this, I mean, the name Opposing Force
is kind of unimaginative.
Generic much?
Yeah, very generic.
Because, I mean, wouldn't Opposing Force all be relative to what force you are opposing?
They could just call it bad guys, they should just go, bad guys.
Oh no, the bad guys.
Then it's offensive to people who are bad.
Oh no!
Ah!
They should just call it, red team?
Dudes.
Dudes.
Chicks.
But see, then that's just sexist right there.
Not really.
I call everyone dudes, so that's not sexist.
If you have chicks to find out in there as well, you just can't do that.
It should be dudes and blokes.
Blokes.
Blokes.
It works.
And it can be a game about fisticuffs instead of guns.
They can box each other and not punch.
I don't know.
Maybe it's a little too late, who knows.
But at least they're, they're, they're trying.
Darktads used to be just us versus them.
But I don't want to be them, I want to be us.
Oh no, I thought we were us.
I'm me.
It's me versus everybody.
Die!
Bah bah bah bah bah.
No.
Anyway.
Misty says woot blokes.
Yeah.
Alright, well there's some new music games coming out in Japan because, well, that's
what they do over there.
They release music games.
And of course, the sequel to Jubeat, Jubeat.net Append will be coming out, I guess, spring
of 2011.
And also, location tests, I guess, for XG2 are gonna be starting soon as well as Guitar
Freak's Drummania V7.
That's way too many damn games.
That'll be starting very soon.
And they haven't really said exactly when those location tests are actually gonna start.
Same with Jubeat Ripples.
That location test, sometime next year, but the only one announced so far is XG2.
Why is it called Knit?
I don't know.
Why does Konami name anything like that?
I want a knitting game.
Not really.
You can do that with the Wii.
I believe there's Crafting Mama, so.
Oh, okay.
Close enough.
I want Crochet Master.
Ooh-hoo.
You could call it Check My Hook.
Womp-womp.
To a guy who says, Fancy Nancy.
Fancy Nancy.
Knit for Fancy Nancy.
Oh, dear.
In other news- Yes, please.
Well, we all know how weird and perverted the internets can be, and so since the internets
is full of weirdos and perverts, you have to take some measures to make sure that LEGO
Universe can still be child-friendly.
And so NetDevil has recently outlined a couple of measures that they are implementing to
help protect the MMO's younger players, since it is targeted towards kids.
And basically, it includes content moderation, which is no surprise to anyone, really.
So you will have to get anything that you make, the name will have to be approved before
it will go out into the LEGO Universe world.
And the other part is a LEGO Universe ID, which is kind of- it actually sounds a lot
like Nintendo's friend code system, to where you give your LEGO Universe ID to other people
outside of the game, and then they can see your creations that you've made even before
they're approved, so.
Protecting the innocent childrens from the weirdos of the internet, yay!
And later on they will become the weirdos of the internet.
Indeed, but on their own, not without the perversion of other people.
Oh no, no, we can't have that.
Think of the children.
Think of the children and how crunchy they are.
Well, it's time for another special segment of the show, this time I will actually use
the correct music for.
It's time for the mailbag!
And I've got the rubber gloves on, it's bending its stinky self over, and I'm opening the
bag, and ugh.
This is kind of- because Rob hasn't cleaned out the spam filter like he does for me, so
there's all kinds of- Read the spam!
I don't know, read the spam, because I don't really care- there's spam in there about Lady
Gaga, I should have left it in there for Rob, but I will.
That's so Rob.
Rob loves Lady Gaga.
I have started appreciating Lady Gaga a little bit, but-
Lady Gaga is stalking me.
Really?
Ever since I sang Lady Gaga for karaoke one time, now she's following me everywhere and
she's like in my head.
Now when you start busting out the asymmetrical wigs and dresses of meat-
I don't look enough like Marilyn Manson to pull off any of Lady Gaga's looks.
She was so much prettier before she went- anyway, I'm not gonna get into that.
Greetings, O.L.R.
I come to Loki with a non-gaming question that I think he'll have a good answer for.
Ooh.
Alright.
Loki, I'm a contractor and my cell phone contract is up.
What would you recommend for me?
All I want is a family plan with no text, no data, and fifteen hundred plus minutes
of phone a month.
I've looked at the big four, didn't know if there's some weird hacker service that I'm
unaware of.
At the moment I'm leaning with T-Mobile because of price.
Loki, can you help a desperate turtle?
Your loyal turtle and Philly serious turtle.
And disclaimer, Orange Hills Radio is not paid by any of the companies that might be
mentioned and we should be even if they wanted to pay us.
I don't know.
Honestly, like I have a crap plan that didn't have any of that stuff and it's actually more
expensive than the plans to have all that stuff, so go fig there.
Just have to really kind of shop it.
There's websites and stuff that you can actually, you know, put what you need for your plan
and it will kind of shop everybody and tell you what the most affordable plan for you
is.
I can't think of the life of me what that website's called, but I know it's out there.
Google.
Well, it's not Google, it's something else.
But you can do that.
I'm planning on getting a phone through Virgin Mobile just because they're twenty-five dollars
a month for, you know, three hundred minutes because I honestly use like twelve minutes
a month if I'm lucky on my phone.
So anything cheaper than that would be awesome.
I was actually looking at a prepaid phone, but I think twenty-five dollars a month with
no contract would not be that bad.
And plus I can browse the Internet on that if I really want to.
But I'm sorry I texted you earlier.
I should give you a dollar.
I don't care.
It's all right.
Well, we've got some suggestions from the chat room.
Spazinator says to quote Monty Python, I hate spam.
And that's wrong.
It's I don't like spam!
There you go.
That's how you do it.
SSJ100Matt says T-Mobile sucks and suggests Verizon.
And Ron just suggests go with Sprint.
Great coverage.
Dirt cheap.
Virgin also because they're piggybacking on the Sprint network, so.
Spazinator uses Cricut.
I use AT&T because I have an iPhone.
And I basically use everything except the phone to call people.
I do not call people.
Only if it's necessary.
Because I hate talking on the phone.
I did it way too long for my job.
Ugh.
The only people I like talking to on the phone is like my mom.
Because she's funny and frustrating at the same time.
I'm pretty happy with Verizon myself.
They're a little bit more expensive though, but I get better coverage from them.
I have no reception for AT&T or Sprint within my house.
And I do with Verizon, so you know, can't go wrong with that.
I noticed that I didn't get as good reception in your house when I visited.
Yep, it's AT&T and Sprint both have really crappy reception inside of my house.
The AT&T is pretty good out, at least in Sacramento.
So the next email comes up from Kamitsuyo.
It says, hi everyone at OLR.
I think it's time to revisit how Rob is doing on his quest to finish three games this summer.
I haven't heard any talk of it lately.
Considering the summer's over, yeah.
That would be interesting to check out.
Well that actually goes back to another email.
Actually, no, that was the only email that we received that way.
He had like a list of games that he was going to try to beat.
And well, given that I have one of those, in fact, okay, here's the other email that
we got.
Someone else actually, oh it's the same guy, he expanded on his email.
I knew someone else had something on it.
Hey everyone at OLR, I've been listening to this show for about three years, it helps
me get through some long days at work.
Thank you.
Anyway, what I'm writing about is an episode at the beginning of the summer when Rob talked
about how he never finishes games and was dedicating himself to finish three games this
summer.
Haven't heard any progress on this or on the show lately.
He has kind of inspired me to play several games to completion, which I have done several.
Red Dead Redemption, Final Fantasy 13, Darksiders, Alan Wake, and currently working on God of
War series on PS3.
Just finished the first, along with a slew of 360 arcade games.
Love the show, keep them coming, look forward to the big 10-year anniversary marathon.
Stay black.
Kamitsuyo.
And, yeah, one of the games that Rob was supposed to finish was Final Fantasy 13, which is currently
sitting in my living room, because I'm playing it.
Of course I'm also playing the, I'm sitting down with that Avatar game finally, too.
So we'll just have to make Rob fess up next week, won't we?
Yes.
And, last email.
This is from Darkyusuke.
Just had to note, whatever that Japanese game you brought up on Twitter, I swear it was
a fucking hentai.
Go back and listen for yourself and be the judge, XD.
Hail the FSM, Darkyusuke.
And that's it for email.
Hmm.
Well, if you have any emails you want to send us, it's mailbag at orangeandreo.com.
Send it!
A couple more final stories here.
Actually, I think you have something that we need to do first.
Hold on, someone just said that the stream went down.
Although I don't think that it did, did it?
Can you hear us, internets?
This is a server's down, crap.
Hold on.
That's back online.
Is it?
Yeah.
Shoutcast is saying that it's not.
Oh, well.
Hold on.
Who crossed the streams?
That's funny.
Well, we'll just let him.
When AMP, it froze, actually.
When AMP froze.
Ah, that sucks.
Hold on.
Tara, can you hit the chat room now?
Yeah.
Thanks.
You probably want to make sure that part B saves.
Maybe.
Save it now, and we'll continue on with part three, if you will.
I need to mark this down.
3645.
Shit!
Where's my pen?
Alright.
What's up?
Are they hearing us now or something?
No, I just like Loki's comment.
And scene.
Okay.
I'm actually closing down when AMP, hold on.
I'm going to reload it.
All games radio is now broadcasting live from Sacramento, California.
Yes, we are.
Yay!
Hold on.
I've got to fix this to the right settings.
Okay.
43 encoder.
What the hell was it?
Hold on.
44 kilobyte.
96K.
And we should be back.
Are we back?
Can you hear us, internets?
Internets, are you there?
Oh, crap.
I forgot.
We can't hear them.
Alright, let us know in the chatroom if you can hear us.
We had a little bit of an issue, which should be resolved now.
And thankfully it only went down during mailbag.
And I got to admit, it is your fault, chatroom.
It really is.
It really is.
We know.
And a DDR dollar bill says, I thought the dollocks were next week.
No, no, no, no.
So yeah, from what I understand, it went down during mailbag.
So we'll make Rob edit it.
Yay!
Okay, so shall we move forward with our little podcast?
Yes.
Loki, rescue us.
Actually, you can't rescue us right now.
You know why?
It's at the use of the week.
Just in time for the stream to go down, huh?
Timing is impeccable.
Yes, it is.
My F.U. of the week goes to the stream for going down while I was busy paying attention
to other things.
And for Rob going to Club 33 without me.
Bitch.
Heart, heart, heart, heart, heart.
Loki.
F.U. to my headache that I've had for two days now.
And it just won't go away.
It's lack of sleep, really.
But I've been trying to get sleep and just can't.
You have a small person.
Well, it's not even, yeah.
It's a little bit him.
Actually, it's all him.
So, yeah, it's been very tiring to say the least.
And, yeah.
So that's F.U. to that.
F.U. to the crappy drivers.
I literally saw somebody pass somebody on the right within the same lane on my way here.
And I was just like, really?
Really?
You just did that?
You're in that much of a hurry that you need to pass somebody in the same lane on the wrong
side?
Awesome.
Thank you.
And F.U. to scammers.
By the way, that brings us to our favorite, well, my new favorite topic, which is shoutouts
to people on AOL Instant Messenger.
In fact, we have somebody that you probably should give a shoutout to and let them know
that they should really do the right thing.
And that person would be PimpinTyler146 on AOL Instant Messenger.
I will be posting his name in the chatroom and Twitter.
Be sure to give him a nice little hi because he is a douchebag that didn't come through
on his end of the transaction.
So, I'm sure he'd love to hear from all of you.
Tara, do you have any F.U.s?
Yes, I do.
F.U. to my work.
Because not only am I working my normal shift, which is 9 to 6, not bad.
But I'm also now working these extra days where I'm working until midnight or 1 a.m.
And it's really messing up my sleep schedule and they don't want to pay me overtime.
And on next Sunday I get to work from 2 p.m. to 2 a.m.
And that really, really sucks and I did not sign on for this and so F.U. my work.
Don't they have to pay you overtime if you work more than a certain amount of hours?
No, because I'm salary.
Oh, that sucks.
But they don't want to give me any incentives either.
They just want to do this stuff and it's like this is not part of my job description.
So, it's very upsetting.
Well, that sucks. I hope there's some improvement soon.
Well, now that the F.U.s are over and we're full of angst that we have now released onto the unsuspecting internet,
Loki, do you have another story for us?
Of course I do.
And it's funny since you mentioned release.
There is going to be a brand new peripheral coming to the Nintendo Wii remote.
Unfortunately it is not something that is, say, approved by Nintendo.
Or even something that you would, say, use with a Nintendo game.
We've covered this.
Yes, but they finally actually are going to be releasing them now.
But these are Nintendo Wii remote accessories that are kind of...
They're for dildonics basically.
It's two different peripherals to use.
And what the main function of this, obviously, is actually for chatting over the web.
They're using the Wii remotes as kind of a Bluetooth adapter so that these things can vibrate.
And you can remotely vibrate them across the web using, I guess, different programs.
It's the Mojo Wejo is what it's actually called, the company.
And I believe that they said they're going to be supporting a bunch of different chat applications.
And I'm sure their own chat application as well.
Is that what they're calling it these days?
In the beta stage right now, but it'll be available for purchase in time for holiday season 2010.
God, I would not want to be part of that beta test.
I had to link a copy of that image in the chat room,
but I think it's funny that there's a whole YouTube video describing how it's supposed to be used.
It's intensely hilarious.
Indeed.
Intensely hilarious.
I don't know. Even the name is just too ridiculous for me.
Mojo Wejo.
Mojo Wejo. See, even porn voice doesn't make Mojo Wejo sound good.
No, it doesn't. And your porn voice is excellent.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Moving on, away from the porns, former Sega man Yuji Naka is working on an action game for the Xbox 360 and PS3 with Prope.
And he hasn't revealed what the game is yet, but he will soon.
So according to Naka, they are doing a few quite big action game projects at Prope, but he didn't tell us anything about them.
He did say that a very original action game based in the sky will be revealed within this month.
So that's something to look forward to.
I hope it has airships. Yay, airships!
I wonder if it's going to be Skies of Arcadia.
Ooh, maybe.
Could be.
It's based in the sky and it involves airships.
Indeed.
Well, we will know soon according to Naka-san, right?
Yes, soon. Within this month, they are going to tell us about his project.
Well, that should hopefully be cool. I don't think Yuji Naka's done anything that's really sucked that bad.
So, now it is time for a special part of the show where you, the caller, get to come and speak to us if we can get it to work.
So I'm going to go ahead and make this disclaimer right now.
Because we do have Tiara in through Skype, I'm going to try to get these to work as a conference call so we don't have to disconnect on her.
So, I'm going to go ahead and open up the Skype line now and go ahead and make your calls.
I'm not going to play any music.
Call!
Ah, yes.
This is while we do the waiting game. Hi, Dan!
Riveting.
It is riveting.
Hey, we got a call. I'm going to answer.
Hello, you're talking to Orange Lounge Radio. Who is this?
This is DJ Blaziken.
Hi, DJ Blaziken. How are you?
I'm doing fine and I just found a solution for all DSI owners that might be listening in.
I found this out through the internet and through the grace of it because I don't know if any of you guys have had this problem,
but I have and I'm sure there might be a few others that might have had this.
The L and R buttons becoming not able to be fixed when hit and you'd have to end up coming through mashing them in.
Well, but the thing is, the little gap that lets it go down is basically letting dust in.
Basically, best bet, take a little mini vac or whatever you have to suck the dirt out and do exactly that.
It's supposed to, actually it's made my DS work again. Fully functional again.
Well, thank you for sharing the tip with us. I'm glad it's worked for you. I'm sure other people have had similar issues.
Yeah, and other than that, my original DS, well the second DS that I've ever owned,
started to completely fail on me and ended up spending, well going broke really on a new DS Lite
and it was actually the last one in the batch, but it was well worth it.
With Pokemon HeartGold, which is kind of a, I don't know, basically just HeartGold with the crystal and yellow features
sort of slapped into it with new DS graphics.
Well, that's pretty cool, but I'll tell you what, we're getting other calls in, so I need to go ahead and let you go.
Thank you for calling.
Otherwise, I do give it a 10 out of 10.
Okay, thank you for calling. Bye bye.
Shut up. I think that was DS Master.
And I am super professional. Oscar says I'm super professional. Let's make sure that we haven't,
I'm gonna see if I can't get Marin off of, off of, are you there?
Yes, I am.
Okay, so this is what we're gonna do now for future calls.
I want people to, um, I'm gonna add the conference. Aha! It worked.
Hello, who are we talking to?
Quark, anyway, hello you, across the ocean.
Hello, AK Ripper, how are you?
I'm doing just fine on this Monday morning.
And we do have Tara on the line still too.
Monday morning? Are you from the future?
No, I just live in this place called Sweden.
Ooh, Sweden.
Where I'm all like, I'm like, well, what is it? I'm eight hours ahead of you.
That means you are from the future.
You are from the future.
What's the future like?
Our future is Swedish.
Are there flying cars? Tell us, I must know.
No, no, nothing of that yet. Unfortunately.
But since you're in Sweden, you have awesome chocolate, right?
Um, no, I don't, no, no, no, no, you're thinking of like Switzerland or...
What does Sweden have that's awesome? Tell us about Sweden.
What do we have that's awesome? Well, we, ahem...
Oh, that's like, we have, what do we have? Well...
Damn!
Prostitution?
Oh, okay.
No, no, no, no, that's legal actually.
Hot hookers!
No, no, that's legal.
We have prostitution in Las Vegas.
No, that's Amsterdam, sorry.
Oh, whatever.
But anyways, what's on your mind, dude?
Oh, well, ahem, what do I call? Oh, well, something of some sort.
Crap.
Oh, yeah, you forgot to talk about something.
Dragon Age Ultimate Edition is coming, is coming soon.
Well, somewhere around December or something.
And, well, the funny thing is that I've just been reminded.
I did buy Dragon Age on launch day and I haven't played it.
The reason I've just been reminded is that I play it on a PC and...
Funny story is that my computer that I play it on, you can unlock it.
You can unlock all the four cores since two of them is disabled by default of sorts.
And that makes Dragon Age load up pretty fast.
But then the two cores was really faulty, so I had to disable them.
And then I was like, I don't want to play this slow loading game, so I'm going to play it when I have a quad core.
And I still don't have a quad core, so I'm just going to wait even more.
I think you should just suck it up and play the game, because Dragon Age Origins is an awesome game.
It's the best game ever and you're really missing out.
See, you have Dragon Age Origins in Sweden, that's what you have, but you're neglecting it.
Well, to be honest, I'm playing that thing called Sims 3 and I'm eagerly waiting nightlife.
Yeah, that's going to be fun. I'm probably going to get it well after everybody else has had it.
The chatroom also would like to inform us that Sweden has Ikea.
Yeah, but the part where I live in Sweden, we don't.
We have it, but I have to go like, well, what is it? 250 kilometers or something?
That's a distance.
Yes, it is.
We've also been informed about Roxette, Ace of Base, and Abba.
So, since Sweden has lots of stuff, how come you don't know this?
Well, because I'm like one of those, in some way, uneducated bastards that lives in a cave of sorts.
That's okay, you're like the rest of us.
Where we live in our caves called our computer rooms and don't come out except when we need to eat and go to the bathroom.
Yeah, that's one up on this one, too.
So, I have a challenge for you. By the end of the month, you must start Dragon Age Origins.
Yes, that is the challenge.
Well, in one way, I've been reminded. I have played a few of the origin stories, and then afterwards I just get bored by some strange reason.
So, you have gamer ADD?
Yeah, well, and I actually have real ADD, too.
That would contribute.
If we ought to go that way.
That would contribute.
Well, AkiRipper, I appreciate the call.
Are we doing okay without Rob?
Yeah, you're doing just fine. Because, well, in some way I would say, more of this in the future, please, even though it's like, sorry, Rob, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
Yeah, that's the way in. Yeah, something.
I don't know, I'm just this worthless foreigner of whatever.
Oh, you are not a worthless foreigner, we adore you. But we need to go ahead and let you go, we've got another call coming in, okay?
Yeah, later.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Hello, caller. You are on Orange Jones Radio. Who be thee?
I be DDR Dollar Bill.
Hi.
Hi, DDR Dollar Bill. What's on your mind?
Oh, not much. I just want to give an update about the PlayStation 3 that I got a couple weeks back, that I finally purchased it.
Yay!
Yeah.
Congrats.
What's that?
I said congrats.
Oh, thanks, thanks. It's, it makes a nice little, it's, it's a lot better to watch DVDs on that, to give you that much.
But the move, I didn't like it at all.
I found out that you asked for me, I actually have to be about six feet away from the TV, and unfortunately, I don't have that much room in my apartment.
Oh, that sucks.
Yeah, so, I mean, I went forward, and it would, it stopped detecting, and I was only like maybe four feet away from the screen, and I said, uh, no, this is not gonna work.
Is there any way that you could wall-mount, like, a receptor or something?
I have, well...
I think you should mount it onto your ceiling.
That's at least six feet away. Right?
I'd have to lay down on the floor to do that, though.
I'd be laying on the floor waving my stick.
Wait, that doesn't look right at all.
Well, then...
Yeah, but, uh, just wanna save that, and I've got a lot of enjoyment out of it for one big reason. No fucking batteries on the controllers.
It was such a play, I enjoyed just actually plugging the controllers, get it going. Alright, we got multiplayer.
That's always a plus.
Yeah, so, so let's, oh, hold on a second. There we go, I'm sorry, I was hearing myself repeat myself.
You had to do what to yourself?
No, I was hearing my voice come in an echo, I was like, why?
Maybe, maybe you've got your, you're too close to your speakers or something to that effect?
You have to be at least six feet away.
You must be at least six feet away to enjoy this podcast.
Yeah, so, the biggest hits so far in the household is LittleBigPlanet and ModNation Racers.
How do you like ModNation Racers? I've been meaning to play that.
Okay, before we go into it, I'm gonna say this again, this is just a disclaimer.
I thought Super Mario Kart on the SNES was the biggest piece of shit that ever existed.
I'm sorry, I thought the controls sucked horribly and the perspective just, I couldn't play it.
I had to wait till the N64 version just to even be able to play it.
But for ModNation, what I loved about it is that anybody could pick it up.
Anybody could pick up and guide us to the game right away.
Well, that's always a plus with a game. I think that if it's a game that's that simple to play,
then it's definitely better to get more people in on it too.
Oh, exactly. Especially when they can't just design their own characters and cars and even tracks.
When they start doing the tracks, that's gonna be a lot more fun because we can just recreate anything we want.
Especially around New York, we got no shortage of tracks to replicate.
So, I need to ask you something. As a dude, I have to ask you this.
What is it about being able to customize your characters? Isn't that a lot like Barbie dolls for dudes?
Like, okay. When we have all these wrestling games and my husband would try to make the wrestlers look all cool and stuff,
I'm like, dude, it's like you're playing dress up.
It really is.
In essence, you're half way right. It is kind of like doing Barbie.
But it's manly Barbie.
And wrestling is like soap opera for dudes.
It is.
Oh, no disagreements.
Oh, they got her drunk and they got married. Oh no.
Triple H. Sorry.
Look, I'm coming back from the dead again.
Oh, now it's the under biker.
No, he's back to Undertaker, like the dead guy again. He was a biker for a while though.
The under biker was. Now we're on wrestling, sorry.
It's alright. He lost tonight anyway.
Oh, really? It's been that long. I'm like, I don't know who any of these people are anymore.
That's terrible that they wrote that into the script, that he would lose.
He lost by getting hit with the urn.
What?
They wrote that all back in there. They're going way back.
Wow.
They went backwards.
Given that I remember playing WrestleMania in the arcade, and you could choose the Undertaker.
When I was a kid.
Oh, yeah.
The under biker needs to retire.
You're not the only one who's saying that.
Well, anyway, thank you for clearing this up for me because I've always wondered if it's just the same sort of little giddy joy in making them look pretty.
Like pretty, pretty ponies.
Just to add to it, in the wrestling games, it's also a joy now where you can actually create your own finisher.
So now it's not just, ooh, you look pretty. Like, ooh, I can kick your ass pretty.
That's... I've never heard someone say, I can kick your ass pretty.
I don't know. Just a moment of thought.
Did you ever play WrestleMania 2000 on Nintendo 64?
Yes.
We made this guy who was part of G Generation X and we would just put him on watch mode and he beat everybody.
He won every belt, including the women's belt.
Oh, gosh. When the AI was actually that easily manipulative. Nice.
Exactly. Anyway, this isn't wrestling chat. This is Orange on Radio.
Agreed. Video games, but...
Are you sure about that?
We talked about food in part A. We did already get our food out of our system.
That sounds bad. That's more like what we do during the break is get our food out of our system.
Speaking of which, I got my pizza here to eat too.
Why don't we let you get to your pizza?
What kind of pizza do you have?
Take care.
Alright, you too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Ah, pizza and wrestling.
So reminds me of my early years with my husband.
How romantic.
Well, you know how we got engaged was watching UHF and drinking Manischewitz wine, which should have set a precedence there.
Yep.
So do we have any other callers? Because if you don't, I'm closing the line and you're all SOL.
Five, four...
Misty is supposed to call. Call Misty.
Misty, call. You must call. You must call. Or we'll call you. Conferencing you in in just about a minute. Are you on?
Ooh, she's sneaky.
I do not see her in the list of people who are on the lines.
Aww.
Oh, there we go. Let's see.
Nope, I do not see a Misty.
Call us.
Call us.
Oh, we got another one in, but it's not Misty. Let's see who this is.
Hello, you're on Orange Jones Radio. Who are you whoring yourself out today?
I'm whoring myself to whoever has the highest amount of money for me.
Oh baby, oh baby.
Hi Rhonda.
Hey, hey, what's up?
Hi Ron-Chan.
My Ron-Chan, oh hi.
Let me see what you did there.
No, I do try.
How are you doing today?
I am doing good. Would you believe I just finished, I just finished editing my podcast to get it and it's...
Huh?
Did you cut it out?
Oh, here we go. Sorry about that. I hit the mute button by accident.
Remember, don't hit the mute button. Never hit the mute button because then you'll end up sounding like this while you're trying to talk.
No, and we can't have that now.
No.
Just finished editing our podcast and it just went up blind and I'm looking at all the emails of all the gaming demos that's going on at New York Anime Festival slash Comic Con this weekend.
Ooh, do tell.
Okay, first email I got is from the people behind DC Universe.
Ooh.
And which is also interesting, the Marvel Superhero MMO will be playable as well.
Yay.
I'm looking at a graphic of it. It's pretty much, it's the Marvel Superhero Squad online game. Looks interesting.
Oh, that's cute. That should be adorable.
Definitely. And I also got an email from Sega so they'll be showing up on the new Thor game.
Oh, cool.
And I am curious about DC Online because this will be the second time I've ever played a PS3 in my entire life.
Really?
Yeah, first time I played it was at some gaming con. I played around with Street Fighter IV. Only thing that annoyed me was the load time.
Yeah.
I much prefer that on Xbox.
It's funny though, I only bought Street Fighter IV only because I know the person that does the voice of Ryu in the game.
Really?
Yes.
Who is it? I mean, what other stuff has he done that I would recognize?
His name is Kyle Hebert, and did you ever watch the dub Dragon Ball Z?
I tried not to, but I have it sometimes.
He did the voice of adult Gohan.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
He was actually one of the ones that wasn't annoying.
Mm-hmm.
Of the very few that were not annoying, he was one of them.
Yeah.
He wasn't the older adult Gohan when Viz and Pioneer dubbed it. He was part of the Funimation cast when they redubbed the series.
Yeah, I think I pieced it together when you said it because I remembered Ryu's English voice.
Okay, and that end, I don't remember how many episodes they dubbed it before Funimation took over. It's just like a giant blur to me.
Dragon Ball Z is a giant blur to me.
Well, with Dragon Ball Kai, which is supposed to be more of the manga-based version, or I like to call it Dragon Ball Z Kai, less filler refs, still tastes great.
That's pretty funny.
So the battle with Cell only takes like five episodes instead of 73?
Pretty much. Pretty much.
Seriously, when I had my fan subs of the Cell episodes, they were seriously over four VHS tapes at whatever the long play was. SLP.
Wow.
Yeah. That's way too much.
I remember the first time I watched the fans of Dragon Ball Z. Me and my cousin were at his grandmother's house watching it, and it was third or fourth generation VHS tape because as we're watching it, the video quality was so bad that it would just flip to blue screen every three minutes, and we're just sitting there glued to the TV, watching every single minute of it.
That sounds like my first experience is watching Ranma 1-1-2.
When my first copies were fan subs from the Ranma project, about four, five generations old.
I remember that. I remember there was this comic book shop I used to periodically hang out at, and they actually had the fan sub copies.
But the thing is, I liked the price of these often. It was like two episodes for like 20 bucks. I'm like, nah, that can stay on the shelf.
I remember the old days when you traded fan subs.
I remember that.
Ah, memories.
I still have all my fan subs in storage.
Now we download them off the internet.
Shh, shh, don't say that. We're not supposed to.
How else am I gonna get my Digimon fix?
Well, did you know they actually-
I'm watching the new series of Digimon.
Do you know they actually re-fan subbed on Digimon?
Uh, don't know.
Eh.
Don't get me started.
So how about more video games?
I do butterfly, the opening theme.
How about more video games? What else is gonna be up there?
That's basically it. That's all the information I have here.
Also, there's another company called Game Tech that's supposed to be there.
They're probably doing these little flash-based games or something like that. That's my assumption.
They're not saying too much about it.
They're gonna be the Kenshiya Hall of your convention.
To be perfectly honest, the Kenshiya Hall of Comic Con is like the little room in the back where it's open gaming and then people try to get up on stage and make fools of themselves.
That's always the best part of cons, is people making fools of themselves. In costume!
Oh, I'll definitely be in costume.
So what's your cosplay this year?
Speaking of in costume, I am looking for pieces for a River Song cosplay from the end of the last Doctor Who series.
So if you know somebody who can help me out with finding some pieces for that, I would be much appreciative.
I'm probably the minority in my group that does not watch Doctor Who, only because I have so much stuff on my plate to watch I have no time for it.
Tisk, tisk, tisk.
Hey, if it helps, I watched some of the original stuff from the 60s and the 70s.
That's what I grew up on.
Yeah, on public access.
Fourth Doctor with Sarah Jane.
Okay, well if Ron Chan can't help me, somebody on the interwebs that is hearing this, the tens of people who listen to this show, there are a lot, so if you would like to help me out with some River Song cosplay so that I can go to the Laguna Beach Comic Con.
Is that the one? No, I'm going to Long Beach Comic Con at the end of this month, so...
In the old home of Onomatopoeia Expo.
Yes.
Oh, I remember that place, and I remember walking all over that section of Long Beach in four inch platform heels. Not fun.
Not smart.
No, but I was cosplaying.
Kinda sexy.
But for the record, I was cosplaying Mad Hatter from Angel Sanctuary.
Okay.
Ah.
Hence the boots and walking around in wings in a crowded dealer's room. Not smart. I didn't do it again.
Well, Tiara, I can't say this much, but I actually do know a couple of people out in the Vegas area that are cosplayers, so I may be able to cash in a favor or two.
Um, if one of them is somebody that I think it is, that might be a creepy person from high school that I went to high school with, so maybe not.
Male or female?
Male.
You're in luck, they're all females. Most of the cosplayers I know and commissioners are female, so you're good.
Okay, good. Okay, good.
I got you, I got you.
No creeps for you today.
Yay, one day creep free.
Except when DS Master called in.
Well, I missed that call, so...
That's right, you were on hold.
Yep.
Well, Ron-Chan, thank you for your call, and you need to get your ass back out here soon.
As soon as I get some cash monies, me and Joe there and Missy will come out there and invade for a weekend or two or three.
Or everybody compile and get me out there, because I don't want to be in California.
Yeah, I want to go to New York.
Yeah, we need to make the Send Jamie and Tiara to New York fund.
Yeah, and DDR dollar bill said I should ship myself there, but I don't know how many air holes I would need, so I'm not sure if that would work.
Thirty-two.
Thirty-two, okay.
Not to mention that they put you in one of those non-compressed compartments and you'll freeze to death, so that's not good.
Yeah, that would kind of suck.
Oh hey, Loki, when did you show up?
Oh, I've been here.
Oh, okay.
He's been looking up porn and playing the magical unicorn fart game.
I've been doing either of those, but yes.
That would explain why the stream went out. Bad Loki. Bad Loki.
No, it went out from spam overload from the email.
Eat.
Yeah.
So, do you have anything else for us?
Give us more.
No, that's pretty much it, yeah.
Alright, well we are going to let you go. Reluctantly, reluctantly.
We love the mall.
So, take care, and thank you for calling in.
Will do.
Anytime.
You are fantabulous.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Okay, I think that we're about called out. I'm going to leave room for one more call, and if not, then we'll go ahead and ask for any last-minute stories and wrap the show up in ribbons and bows and call it pretty.
Yay, so pretty.
Shadowrunner says someone should cosplay Billy Mitchell.
You know what, all that makes me do is when I hear the scout doing the slap shop commercial.
Hold on, somebody fill time.
Time fill, woo.
Oh, I know. It's Misty's birthday, so.
We should say happy birthday to Misty.
Happy birthday, Misty. Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Misty, happy birthday to you.
Yay, now send us cake. Fresh, fresh cake.
Yes, cake. Or cupcakes.
I love cupcakes.
Me too.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, Rama's telling everyone to tell Jevdea to call in and do coffee talk.
Coffee talk with Jamie and Tiara.
Give us a call, we'll talk. No big whoop.
That Madonna is such a skank.
That was my favorite coffee talk.
With Madonna and Roseanne Barr and then Barbara showed up.
Because she's like, butta.
Okay, I'm still trying to find this, hold on.
I can't find it. Where is it?
Shadowrunner says the cake is a lie, but pie is constant. This is true.
That is true.
Pie is constant.
I can't spell today.
Well, last minute stories, I guess.
Yes, please.
Retailers are apparently listing Duke Nukem Forever for February 1st.
I can tell you right now that's just an estimate because they haven't really given up the exact release date yet.
I'm assuming it's February, though, because we have it listed in February as well.
But not the 1st, because that would be wrong.
Well, here, I've loaded this up. Oh, we've got another call coming in, hold on.
Let me add them to our call.
Hello, you're calling in Orange Falls Radio. Who is this?
This is Jevdea.
Hi!
Hello!
You've called! Now we can talk!
We can talk, so we can have...
We can discuss.
We can hasing.
So how are you?
I'm well. My nose hurts.
Why did your nose hurt?
I pierced my system.
Fun!
That sounds about as fun as putting a hole in your face.
Something like that.
Why did you go and do a silly thing like this?
I had the time and I had the money.
If you've got the time and money, you should just come out here!
Exactly.
No!
It's less painful!
I was on a weekend vacation at a barbecue competition thing.
It was at the beach, so I did it.
It's the weekend that's not being able to go out to California.
Everybody else put holes in their noses with you, too?
Oh, I guess you did.
So, what's going on on your gaming front?
I'm actually trying to play through the Lego games again.
Oh, yay!
I'm trying to play through Batman now.
Lego Batman is so much fun. I love that game.
It absolutely is.
No! I'm having so much fun with it.
And it's just absolutely ridiculous.
It's fantastic, innocent fun.
I think Lego Indiana Jones is still my favorite, though.
But I have a soft spot for Indy.
Even though he's old and walking around with a cane.
Yeah, I had that for the DS.
And I liked it on DS.
I had Batman for the DS, too, and I played that like crazy.
So now I'm just trying to get through everything on the 360.
Did you play through Arkham Asylum?
No, I haven't. I do not have it.
I'm trying to wait for it to come down in price and find it down at price.
If I can find it cheap, I will send you a copy.
$39.99.
If I can find it cheap and use it somewhere, I will find you a copy.
Okay.
It's really worthwhile.
In fact, I think I saw it at one of our local used music and game stores
for like 20, I want to say.
We'll work out something after the show. You can PayPal me.
Okay. All right. That sounds good.
Even though I still have to send a sound board to Tiara.
Oops.
I still have stuff to mail you, too, so it's okay.
And you only sound vaguely Atlantean.
Yes.
Well, I totally suggest the Arkham Asylum game. It's pretty fun.
You can also just go around.
The best thing to do in that game is to get up on the gargoyle heads in some of these areas
and then drop down behind people upside down all crazy-like.
You pick them up and beat the crap out of them and drop them down.
It's just awesome badminton.
It sounds fun.
I know.
See, that's the kind of stuff that I do in Metal Gear.
I just go up behind people and just strengthen them.
Snap their necks.
See, now in my head I've got Rob's voice going,
LOL, you're dead.
That's the kind of crap that I do in video games, though.
I like that stuff.
You like the ninja.
Yes. Yes.
I think that makes me a little violent, though, but that's okay.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with that. You have to blow off steam somehow.
Yeah, exactly.
So I do it on video games.
And two people. And nice one did that.
Because we know the difference between gaming and reality.
And as much as we imagine doing it to people in real life,
we do not actually do it.
No, we just wish that the video games were real sometimes.
DDRdollarBill says, remind me not to piss her off ever
and doesn't want to have this next snap silently.
Yes, let's not do that for reals.
Or what was the line in Silence Good, but let's play Metal Gear for real.
Alright. Well, do you have anything else that you wish to discuss with us?
No, I was just calling in to say hi, basically.
Well, hello. We're glad that you called.
Yes, indeed.
I hope so.
Batman!
She's Batman.
She's Batman.
Well, you take care, and we will end it on Batman.
Batman!
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na phone call!
Okay.
Okay, that's it for Skype.
I'm going to go ahead and go on the Do Not Disturb.
Because I will not answer any more of your insolent questions.
Do Not Disturb.
I will no longer respond to your insolence.
I'm done. Do you have any more last minute stories for us, Loki?
No.
Tiara, do you have any last minute stories?
I do not.
So how about last minute thoughts?
Wait, last thoughts. Loki, any final?
My head hurts. Baby's sleeping right now.
And that means he's going to be up at night.
My head hurts even more knowing that I have to get up at probably 3 in the morning this time.
Time to break out the Vicodin.
I can't swallow pills, so that doesn't work.
We'll put it on your pizza.
I already ate all the pizza.
Vicopizza.
And Tiara, for you, any last minute thoughts?
Happy Spocktober, everyone!
That makes me all warm and fuzzy and logical.
And my final thought is...
Taco Salad defeated!
Dun dun dun!
Alright, everybody.
Well, that's been this episode of Orange Lounge Radio's Sans Rob, who never did make an appearance.
How dare he not make an appearance.
Good night, everybody!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
