Tonight, April 18th, 2010, PlayStation Network releases are on the move.
Does playing violent video games impact your sleep and how can you get free soundtracks
from recent releases?
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 363 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game
talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Does it count if I only have half a voice?
You know, I just got this feeling coming in here tonight, Dark Sakura, that you really
weren't prepared for tonight's episode and that's okay.
We all have our off days, but let me, let me paint a picture for the listeners.
Just, just imagine if you will, you know, I get here to Jamie's house and yeah, I get
here.
You should hear about an hour before showtime because you know, we have to prep the intro
and get the mixing board set up and all the things that have to happen to make a show
work.
I wasn't naked.
No, you weren't naked.
Thank God.
But the minute I walk in the door and I start to kind of walk back towards the room, Jamie's
like, Oh, hold on a minute.
And she runs to the bathroom.
Like, like she's the flash.
Oh, do not.
She runs to the bathroom like the flash and I'm like, Oh, Oh, I guess she just had Taco
Bell for lunch or something.
And she comes out and she, she's, she's carrying something and she, she runs into a room and
I'm like, what is going on?
And she's like, sorry, I just, I didn't want you to see my unmentionables drawing.
Like girl, please.
Like I've never seen a bra before.
I might be gay, but it doesn't mean that, you know.
But I am modest.
No, I know.
I'm a very modest person.
I may be a modest in personality, but I make up for it in personal modesty.
And she probably doesn't appreciate me telling that story on the air, but it's funny.
And that's what's most important.
You're worse than my mother.
All right.
Also say hello to the one and only, uh, tech master low key.
Hello.
Thankfully I have not seen his unmentionables hanging up to dry, even though we lived together
for a couple of years.
He was, he was very good about folding his laundry because we had a dryer and probably
putting it away.
Yes.
You can't put a bra in the dryer.
It warps.
Exactly.
Didn't we learn anything from watching Hedvig?
Uh, we put, you know, uh, bras in the dryer all the time.
It's just fine.
Yeah.
You don't do it when you pay 50 bucks for them.
All right.
Eddie out.
All right.
Uh, once in a while we talk about video games here on this program, not just drying bra,
drying bras, but how was your week, low key?
Tons of the, uh, young male demographic really want to know how to wash a bra.
That's important life skills.
You know what?
You know what?
Wait till you're married.
You know what?
You'll get a woman to sleep with you like that.
If you know how to do her laundry.
Seriously.
If Dan would do my laundry, I'd be happy, but I'm too afraid he'll screw it up.
True story.
Um, dark soccer and I took a trip to the cherry blossom festival yesterday in San Francisco
and Jamie had one of her friends and I had Alan with me and it was like the four of us
in San Francisco.
We were at the San Francisco cherry blossom festival and we went to this bookstore, the
Japanese bookstore.
You know the name of it?
I don't know.
Okay.
Thank you.
Um, good shoe tight.
Uh, so they, it's a really large store.
Like they have magazines on the first floor and uh, you know that you can get a copy of
for me to their manga and entire yaoi section, which is pretty impressive, but they have
some funny like English books upstairs, like gift gag books, like one little section and
one of the books I saw was porn for women and you open it up and it's just like pictures
of guys like not like, no, I mean they're clothed and everything, but it's like a guy
holding a baby saying like, gosh, why don't I take care of the child for an hour so you
can go out to a movie or something and you know, or vacuuming.
Yeah.
Guys have naked vacuuming and you know what?
I'm actually, I don't really think that many of those guys are super attractive because
they're like too muscular.
You know, I like, I like a, I like a David Bowie.
You like him a little nerdy.
I like him a little androgynous.
All right.
All right.
And I married Dan who was like so completely dude it doesn't, but you know, Dan fights
with me and, and you know what the, you know what the song is Break Up to Make Up.
Oh, well, hey, oh, hey, all right, well, uh, let's uh, get into video games and start off
the show as we usually do.
Not with a broad discussion or, or cherry blossom discuss him, but for the record, what?
It's a really comfy bra.
How was your gaming week?
Help.
Oh wait, I have to say the spiel about the chat room.
Uh, we do tape live every week on all games radio, www.allgames.com at six Pacific right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
If you are listening to us live, pull up a chair and join us in our chair room.
If we haven't scared you off yet, congratulations.
Chat dot orange lounge, radio.com.
Jamie, how was your gaming week?
I did lots of gaming, Rob.
I've beaten espa beluga whale, too.
Why do I want to add another syllable there?
Espa-gluda.
Yes.
Two.
Espa-gluda.
Twice on my iPhone.
Dose.
It is amazing on the iPhone.
It is seriously easy to control, very, very, very, very, very, very overwhelmingly Japanese
as in they didn't bother translating it, just the text.
Um, and in fact, the endings have a little bit of Engrish in them.
I think it's hilarious and it's just fun.
It's really fun.
You have like two different, you have two modes with three difficulties and, um, the,
the way that I've just been playing in novice mode, just to get used to it, of course, of
course I beat it.
Um, but in novice mode you have auto fire on and, um, you only have your, what is it?
Your enlightened attack or something.
And then it, you have to, then you've got another thing open for regular mode and then
all of your selections open, including your fire on the other.
So, but really I just like shooting stuff and it's really, it's a gorgeous game.
It is gorgeous.
I've actually on my, um, my Twitter, I've put a few, I actually put probably my last
three twit pic posts have been pictures of the game.
So it's pretty epic.
I find I've been really neglecting my Twitter these past couple of weeks.
Like I've just been very bad.
That's what happens when you're getting there.
Which is, no, it has nothing to do with that.
I think it has to do with the fact that I, I'm having, I mean, here's the thing, there's
a lot of great OLR listeners that follow me on Twitter and I want to share, especially
like the gamey related things and you know, funny life stories and little, you know, vignettes
and little things like, yes, vignettes, it's a fun word to say vignette, uh, in 140.
Is that the brand of your bra vignette, um, 140 characters or less.
But here's the thing.
My bra is comfy, I'm having a hard time justifying my continued existence and participation on
a website where Justin Bieber is the number one topic of discussion every single day.
Like I kind of feel like on moral grounds, I kind of object.
You know what, Rob?
I don't pay attention to that shit.
It makes things a lot better.
Whenever you go to twitter.com, trending topics, Justin Bieber, because half the people are
like, you know, you know, fawning over him, the other half are like, who's Justin, Justin
Bieber.
I really don't know who that is.
Anyway.
I don't look at the trending topics.
I think like a Disney channel, I still want to get President Cat as a trending topic.
We tried that a long time ago.
We got, we got us a mention on some of the game blogs, but it didn't, didn't get trending
topics.
They're, they're, they're buttholes.
All right.
Love, love, love, love.
All right.
Anyway.
Sorry.
We got us Espa Galuda, Beluga, I played Beluga, um, um, um, oh yeah, I actually started a
little bit of Braid and then, um, I remember that I had a whole bunch of other stuff I
had to do.
I played some STO.
I'm really way behind on Star Trek Online right now and I will tell everybody why, and
you saw me working on it.
Um, so I'm going to give it a plug because I can, the temple that I go to, um, here in
Sacramento or Orangeville, technically, um, temple or Rishon is having a fundraiser, big,
big fundraiser in the area, um, on, on Sunday, the 25th, it's called All That Jazz.
Just look it up online.
Um, big fundraiser, twenties, thirties, forties themed kind of roundabout.
And I'm doing their newsletter, I'm doing a big newspaper for them as a giveaway to
everyone who comes in and you know, so that's what I've been tearing my hair out over and
I was sick.
So if you're in the area, if you're in the area, come share a lahaim, spend a good 60
bucks and go.
All right.
It's a, it's a fundraiser.
It's for a good cause, but as a result, I've had no life and I've been sick on top of it
and I'm actually feeling a lot better today than I did.
My voice is coming and going, but I've been sick.
So while I've been sick, I've been working on this.
So yeah, but it's coming along well.
Tiger Claw in our chat room, uh, links us to a Wikipedia article on Justin Bieber because
of course Wiki will solve everything, but let me put it in a nutshell.
You know what, like Donny Osmond was like 30 years ago.
Like he was so Mormon.
Oh, this guy's like, yeah, that's just, that's, that's basically what Justin Bieber is now,
but without the crazy sister.
He has hat hair.
Yeah.
Anyway, that please no more Justin Bieber talk on this program.
He has hat hair.
Uh, and then Shahran says, if you have that much of a problem with it, then maybe you
should stop using Twitter.
Shahran, that's exactly what's happened the past couple of weeks.
I've been Facebooking and now four squares.
The other one I use, which I really shouldn't use, like I'm going to get posted on please
rob me.com, but I'm kind of addicted to it.
Like I can't explain it.
It's, it's partially a game.
They made a game out of social networking.
I don't know.
You know what?
I pretty much stick with my Facebook.
Look, at least I gave up Farmville, so I think I deserve props for that.
I'm trying to pay more attention to Twitter because I've, as I was telling you yesterday
about my plan to become, um, a true nothing celebrity, you know, I want to be famous for
absolutely nothing.
Like Paris Hilton.
I said, I'm not going to put my twat on the internet, but you have to be rich.
Well, that's what sponsorships for.
Not necessarily.
Tila Tequila.
I mean, I, I look at her and I go, I can remind me why she's famous.
I can have eight babies at once, but no, I'm, I'm, I'm, I want to be, I, I'm, I'm going
for, um, I'm going for a certain, I'm going for Warhol famous because you either have
to be slutty or rich, actually mostly slutty.
I'm going to hire people to be me in public.
You should have your own bra company, designer bras, designer bras, smiley faces over the
boob or something.
I don't know.
I'm going to finish working on my cork.
All right.
Yes.
Please.
Let's go to a Loki with the, how was your gaming week?
Loki?
Um, it was all right.
Didn't play a whole lot.
Um, just some of the typical stuff like grand theft auto, of course, still playing some
of that.
This sucked the last few days.
Uh, my coworkers have been out of the office for different reasons and so it's been very
difficult to find a game and when I do get a game, everybody quits cause I kicked crap
out of them.
All right.
Yes.
Which is very disappointing.
There's a little echo there.
Sorry.
And then, um, what else?
New stuff.
I've been playing.
Um, I tried, uh, no more heroes paradise or whatever the hell it's called in Japan.
It's the 360 port of no more heroes, the game on the Wii.
And I got to say, I like it better on the 360 than on the Wii.
Um, it just seemed easier for me to control.
Granted, it's not as fun as, you know, slashing people to death, but, um, it is still pretty
cool the way you do a lot of the moves.
So, um, in place of, you know, swinging the Wii remote, you actually use the, um, uh,
the right analog stick to do some of those moves.
And same with the wrestling moves and stuff, except you use it with, uh, the left and right
analog sticks.
Um, but it actually works pretty cool.
The only, uh, gripe I have about it is, um, I mean, the game itself is in English, uh,
the dialogues in English, um, and you have the choice between English or Japanese dialogue.
The problem is they did not sync up the, um, mouth movements to the English dialogue.
It's only synced up to the Japanese dialogue.
And I mean, it is way off for the English dialogue, but, uh, it's a fun game overall.
And, I mean, I've played the original on the Wii, so it's kind of just, uh, rehashed stuff
for me, but, um, I'm enjoying it quite a bit, so hopefully I'll be able to play my way through
that.
Um, and then I played a little bit on the arcade cabinet, broke out some Marvel vs.
Capcom 2 and, uh, Capcom vs. SNK 2, so, uh, that was pretty fun.
I'm sorry to derail you for a minute, Loki, because I do love Capcom vs. SNK as well,
but I need to talk to Jamie for a minute.
Is that glue?
Yes.
That you're putting down there?
Glue?
Okay.
Jamie's working on an art project.
It's glue.
Are you putting these pictures on the website, or is this a private thing?
Yeah, I'm gonna do it on the website.
Okay.
So Jamie's working on an art project during the show, which is fine, but she's using a
lot of glue, and I want to remind the listeners, we're in kind of an enclosed space here in
the studio.
It's not stinky glue.
So we're all currently inhaling glue during this show, as if we weren't crazy enough.
Right now.
You have to be really close to glue.
Back again in about 15 minutes, and see if all the-
I've got it right under my nose, because I'm holding the damn mic.
Great.
Great.
You of all people.
And for the record, the stuff that I'm using is Mod Podge.
And looks like a Yoplait yogurt container.
It does.
A little bit.
But not safe for you.
I was like, why are you rubbing yogurt on that?
So weird.
All right.
Did you have anything else you wanted to say about your gaming week, Loki?
Um, no.
That's basically all I played this week.
I wanted to go back to Final Fantasy 13, but I was talking to my friend who's actually
at the same point in the game.
Actually, his wife already finished Final Fantasy 13, and it's just kind of like...
It sounds annoying.
You know, he's like, ah, the ending sucked, and you know, you just put you back before
the game's over, and you don't really get to see the results of your actions and that
kind of stuff.
So I'm like, eh, that sounds kind of disappointing.
But I will finish it eventually, so I don't have to play it anymore.
All right.
That's kind of sad, because I mean, like, 10-2 had a freaking epic ending.
Yeah, I'm curious to see what the ending...
And 11 had no ending.
Yeah, but you had to suffer through the whole game in order to see that ending.
I will say, though, Final Fantasy related, speaking of 11 and all these other games,
a lot of stuff is leaking out on 14, because the alpha's going on right now.
So if you really know where to look, there's a lot of videos, and even the soundtrack.
And I wish I'd brought it to the show with me tonight, but unfortunately I don't have
it.
I'll have to bring it next week.
The alpha's leaked, and it looks really good.
But it does look very 11-inspired, so if you didn't like 11, I don't know.
We'll have to see when the game comes out for real, but it definitely looks interesting.
All right, well, if Logie doesn't have anything else for his gaming week, I'll talk about
my gaming week, which of course was a lot of wow, as usual.
But I also played a brand new game that came out this week on Xbox Live Marketplace.
That's right, Magic Sword Double Impact came out this week.
I think actually they're selling it as another name, I think like Final Fight or some other
game nobody played.
But no, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Love Final Fight.
I just love Magic Sword more.
So I was very excited to hear that the game was being re-put out basically on Xbox Live.
And what I really like that they did with it is that they didn't make it just a freaking
dump of the ROM onto the Marketplace with maybe some slightly enhanced graphics.
Now sadly there aren't really enhanced graphics, like you're not going to get Bionic Commando
Rearmed style graphics suddenly out of Final Fight or Magic Sword, but you do have different
filters.
In fact, there's this one very interesting, the default mode that you play, it tries to
make the screen look like an old arcade screen.
So like it has a curvature to it.
It's very interesting the way they do it.
And it looks awesome.
I couldn't really play the game that way.
I had to just put it in normal, ROM, no filter, just the way I remember it mode.
Which is nice because that's there.
So for the purists like me or whatever, elitists, whatever you want to call me, my mode is there.
So that makes me happy.
Remix soundtrack is there too.
I believe it was the same team that did Bionic Commando.
Don't quote me on that.
One of the other recent Capcom games did that.
So it has a remix soundtrack and of course Magic Sword, which I played mostly through
the week, was just as great as I remember it many years ago.
And if you've never played Magic Sword before, well first I should say Final Fight.
It is the flagship game no matter if I think otherwise or not.
Final Fight is one of those kind of beat-em-up type of games in the style of Double Dragon
or Ninja Turtles.
But I think Final Fight was, or Streets of Rage I guess if you will, but I think Final
Fight was kind of known for just having a somewhat more memorable characters and some
memorable story.
And I think it was just kind of an iconic sort of arcade game that was out in the early
90s.
And I know Dark Soccer, myself, and probably Loki I'll remember from growing up in the
pizza parlor and so forth.
I actually have a Final Fight collection.
I was collecting all of them until that really crappy one came out.
But I have Mighty Final Fight and Final Fight Guy.
It was one of those multi, and I believe, could you do three at once in the arcade?
I can't remember.
I can't remember.
I think most cabinets were only two.
You had three characters.
Yeah, you had three characters, but I guess you could really only play two.
But what I thought also was neat about both games is that there is a mode where you can
have people, random people on the internet, just drop in at any time.
Like walk up to the machine, put in a quarter basically, and drop into your game at any
time.
A la Street Fighter IV I guess you could say had a mode like that.
But thankfully it's also very easy to turn that off.
So again, I just say props to the team there at Capcom for not just dumping the ROMs and
putting them out on the marketplace, but really kind of going back and touching them up.
And did they redo the graphics?
No.
But you know, I think they were able to do a good port economically probably.
This was probably a very economic port that they did, and they're probably going to make
crap tons of money off of it.
So props to Capcom.
And I do approve, especially if you remember Magic Sword and Final Fight.
I think the games are done very well.
I don't think $10 is too much to ask for both games.
I think there's a lot of people that are going to be kind of one or the other.
I don't know.
I'm a little bit of both.
I joke that Magic Sword's better.
I definitely fondly remember Final Fight.
But if you never played these games growing up, at least check out the demo for heaven's
sake.
So there you go.
Let's see.
SalaciousPopInChat says something reminiscent of Magic Sword here.
I recall spending three hours and at least $25 on Magic Sword with my BFF at the arcade
and beating it from scratch and having my BFF take the dark orb at the end from the
final boss instead of destroying it and becoming the new evil whatever.
OMG spoiler!
And my 15-year-old self was pissed and the credits rolled.
I believe that's actually an achievement now.
I believe if you actually take the dark orb at the end, that's the way you get one of
the achievements.
But yeah, you have to work there from the beginning.
It's not like the Super Nintendo version that let you start on whatever floor you wanted
to, basically.
Because if you ever played the Super Nintendo one, which is a pretty faithful translation
as was Final Fight, you could start on pretty much any floor.
But not in this one.
You have to start from the beginning.
You can continue and you don't have to do it all in one sitting.
So yeah, props to that.
But that was really the only new, new game I played this week.
Everything else is kind of something I've talked about before on the show.
So that's going to do it for my gaming week.
Getting into housekeeping a little bit before we start the gaming news tonight.
Not a whole lot tonight for housekeeping.
Just want to plug the Twitter and the Facebook, of course, twitter.com slash o-l-r and we're
also on Facebook as well at Orange Lounge Radio.
Please friend us or tell some of your friends to add us too.
Help us spread the word about our little program because we can't afford to do commercials.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news tonight.
Loki's going to start us off with a little bit of gaming news.
Actually a lot of gaming news surrounding one company, right?
Well it's all kind of tying together and it's all very similar.
So you may remember there was a little bit of suing and countersuing with Infinity Ward
and or the ex-heads of Infinity Ward and of course Activision over some non-paid royalties.
Well now they made an announcement that they are starting their own studio called Respawn
Entertainment and they will be partnered with EA.
So kind of almost that, you know, the whole thing was Activision was saying that they're
going to go off and take their brand with them to their own studio, partnered with EA
is sort of true but they're not really taking any brands with them, they're basically going
to be doing brand new games, new franchises and that kind of stuff.
So it's really neat and right now of course the only two members of this new studio are
Jason West and Vince Zappanelli and they didn't really give any information other than the
fact that they're hiring.
They aren't, I don't believe, allowed to be hiring the ex-Infinity Ward people.
Those guys have been leaving though, there's actually quite a few people leaving all throughout
the week.
Starting off, let's see, we had a few different developers or programmers.
We had John Shiring and a senior animator, Bruce Fares, both confirmed that they're leaving
Infinity Ward and then also the lead designer, Mackie McKendlish, has also left the company
as well.
There was also some other guys leaving, let's see, some more lead designers, Zeed Reek,
Steve Fakuto, and some programmers, Rainn Wilson, or Winson, and, is it Rainn Wilson
on The Office?
No, Rainn Winson and Chris, looks like, Sharubi.
And I guess he was another lead artist.
So they've had a lot of different artists and stuff leaving and whatnot.
And of course, to top it all off, Activision, there was one of the execs made a comment
about the conditions that they provide for their studios.
And according to Activision, because we have to believe them now, the chief operating and
financial officer, Thomas Tipple, spoke to the LA Times company town blog, apparently
this week, saying that a development house still has nearly 100 people, even though they
lost about 10, they've built a deep bench and the change of guard will provide an opportunity
for some of the rising stars to put their own stamp on the Call of Duty franchise.
And then further, he says that we treat our developers extremely well.
Independent Studio, or I continue, I guess, the Activision's Independent Studio model
allows developers a lot of creative freedom while we take care of the back office stuff.
Unfortunately, that's not exactly how they were painting the picture, so I don't really
know if I'd believe all that.
There's definitely a little bit of he-said, she-said going on.
I think they just need to go on Tyra and work it out, honestly.
Here's another thing.
It's like a divorce.
There was some comment saying that basically that the studio behind Modern Warfare is dead
from one of the insiders, I guess, at Infinity Ward.
His comment was, they're scared shitless.
They never saw this coming, and he's referring to Activision, they can't believe what's going
on.
At first, they gave us some bullshit about moving up payments, all the money that they
owed us to sooner increments.
That was when the designer Todd Aldermen and engineer Frank Galletti left.
But then the announcement of Respawn and then all the people leaving, they just got their
heads in their hands.
Basically he was also saying that apparently the morale's really low and that he thinks
that the studio's going to continue to crumble.
Although there was another insider, I guess, that's kind of painting a more positive picture.
First off, yes, it's a shitty situation, but there's two kinds of people left.
Ones that are sticking it out for the money and the others who want to make something
work.
We are not dead.
We definitely lost the original team members, but not all the talent.
When you talk about people who left, they are the best in the business, but equally
everyone in Infinity Ward deserves that same credential.
We are here for the long haul of keeping Modern Warfare name alive, but as the article clearly
shows, certain people are still pissed about it.
We just had a discussion in our Monday meeting.
We still have talent that will get us to where we need to go, and now it's time to find our
new leader.
You know how I'd like to see this whole thing resolved?
How?
This is the play tip.
Bobby Kotek, CEO of an Evil Empire video game company.
He's accused of being a douchebag who doesn't know how to run his studios, but he says he
knows how to run them just fine and gives them the perfect environment to make games
in.
Wait, didn't he be the defendant?
Oh yeah, he'd be the defendant.
Ah, I screwed it all up.
Never mind.
That's why I'm not a lawyer.
I'm just, I'm Shmo on a video game show.
But no, I mean, this is all, it's very interesting how this is all playing out in public.
Yeah, um, I, I don't know.
The problem I see is, you know, they're saying one, well Activision's saying one thing, how
they, you know, give their studios creative freedom and stuff.
And then at the same time we see the Call of Duty franchise split between three studios
now.
And the, you know, all this, the reasoning why they wanted to leave, or I guess were
made to leave, is because they wouldn't, you know, they didn't have that creative freedom
and they refused to, I guess, go along with what their plans were.
So I don't know.
It just sounds like a big mess and unfortunately, I think Activision might suffer a little bit
for it.
Tiger Claw says this needs the law and order gavel.
There you go.
Um, I don't know, I, I saw a video a couple days ago and I, I thought you were gonna get
to it, but I guess maybe you didn't see it, that showed this, the credits of Infinity
Ward and it just shows how the red lines through all the people that have left.
And while there does seem to be quite a few people that are still there, it's like kind
of like a lot of the testers and sort of the, like, I hate to use insulting words, but kind
of like the lower entry level positions seem to mostly be the ones that are still there.
And then like most of the higher up, so are like out and you got to really wonder what
the longterm impact is going to be.
I mean, you know, Modern Warfare 2 is a huge game and whereas, you know, I'm sure they'll
be, I mean, they got, Activision got another studio to make Guitar Hero 3.
Well let me put it this way.
So somebody else will do Modern Warfare, but it's definitely going to be different.
Yeah, they're going to still have Call of Duty games, I mean, look at World of War.
Yeah, it didn't sell as well as Modern Warfare did, but it still sold really well and that's
Treyarch for you.
They're going to give it to Treyarch and then whoever the hell this new company is, um,
they're going to kind of split it up and fortunately it's never going to be as good, I guess, as
the Infinity Ward games.
And you may still see, you know, Infinity Ward continue on, but I have a feeling there's
going to be a lot more people leaving and especially if they drag this out long enough
and not, and they are not paying their employees, you know, the royalties that are due, you'll
probably see a lot of these people that are, you know, kind of sticking out, start to question
whether they're going to leave or not.
So I have a feeling this is just going to keep on going.
It's going to be very interesting to see, uh, what kind of game comes out this Christmas
if there is a Modern Warfare game at all.
I imagine there's got to be, but I'm just interested to see what, how it's going to
be different.
You know, it's just going to be another Call of Duty game.
I thought they were working on a Vietnam one or something like that.
Hmm.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Cause every other year, huh?
Yeah.
And all they're going to do is just use the same engine that, um, Infinity Ward created,
but Treyarch will be the one putting together the game.
So it'll be another World of War.
And what happens to the, uh, former employees?
Do you think some of them are banding together to form a new studio and what will they make
games like?
Um, actually the people they're leaving are not going to that Respawn Entertainment.
I think mainly because it's part of the closet.
They can't hire those people.
Oh.
Um, you know, right now it's a non-compete thing, but it's got to be good on the resume.
I worked on the greatest selling fucking video game of the past few years, you know, that
and the fact that non-compete clauses in California actually I don't think are valid from what
I've read.
So.
Interesting.
I'm not, um, certainly I'm not a lawyer.
I can't even tell the difference between a plaintiff and a defendant, but I mean, there's
a lot of development studios in like Canada and stuff.
I mean, would that water if they, I don't know, but up north, we'll find out what's
going to happen.
They'll just all play on doing the accusation.
I know that I was just, I was ad libbing earlier when he ad lib, you say stupid things sometimes.
So anyhow, but yes, the plaintiff is the one doing the suing and the defendant is the one
that, not that I've ever had to be a plaintiff or defendant, but I did.
I was on a jury once years ago and, and it was, it definitely played out like an episode
of law and order.
It was, uh, it was interesting.
Anyhow, plaintiff.
No, no, no, no, no.
I was thinking of Jay.
All right.
Look, uh, moving on to other stories that, uh, have a little less to do with, um, the
shakeups and so forth, but a little more, well actually no, this, this is about a different
type of shakeup and very much about television.
Um, I'm sure a lot of you guys that listen to this program also kind of follow a lot
of the other type of, um, you know, nerdy news, if you will, on the internet.
And I'm sure a lot of you are big fans of Conan O'Brien, um, although there's probably
some of you that, that dish out the haterade when it comes to Conan O'Brien as well.
So love him or hate him, Conan O'Brien of course found a new home this week on TBS and
ironically going to be bumping George Lopez back an hour.
It was his idea.
Yes.
But, but the difference is George Lopez was like, no, no, I want you to do that.
I would be better off with you coming over here.
So cool beans, Conan O'Brien will be back on TV for those that like him and for those
that don't, then you can watch whatever you want.
But the interesting part about this, I mean that part doesn't have anything to do with
video games, but now more, now that a deal has been signed, more news is coming out about
some of the other deals that were presented to Conan.
Cause of course when he left NBC, it really seemed like everybody, but like CBS and ABC
was throwing something at him because obviously CBS, ABC have their own lineups, but everybody
was throwing something at him.
We all know Fox was in negotiations.
I think they came out and said, um, one of the other TV stations was, was in talks with
him as well.
But what is very interesting as well, um, team Conan was thinking actually of one idea
way outside the network box.
There was actually discussions with Microsoft about an Xbox deal for Conan show that would
have broken new ground.
Now they don't obviously say a lot of specifics about what that deal would have entailed,
but you can sort of connect the dots here and think about, okay, well we all know Xbox
sells TV shows, if you will, I mean that's part of the business they're in.
They sell movies and TV shows and we've seen what's happened over at Sony's camp with the
tester show, which by the way recently ended and I stopped watching it halfway through
and had it spoiled for me on the internet who won.
But if you watched even the first episode of the show, you could see who was going to
win that show coming from a mile away.
But anyway, that's not the point, despite the fact whether the tester was a good or
bad show, whatever your opinion is on that.
It did set this really interesting precedent and I said this a few weeks ago when I first
reviewed the show is that, okay, maybe the tester is a little bit of a wonky show, but
it's still fascinating that there is this budget, there is money, there is drive, there
are embedded commercials and there's ways to make money off direct to PlayStation network
types of TV shows.
And even though the tester might be weird, it's really interesting to see what could
maybe come next out of this.
Well, you now look at what you hear about what's going on over with Microsoft and the
deal they offered and you could kind of think maybe Microsoft was going to do some type
of free show or ad supported show or who knows, maybe they would have sold certain types of
the formats of the show or whatever of Conan O'Brien like every night.
What's also interesting, and when I was first telling a friend of mine about this, he said,
is this maybe like one versus a hundred was on Xbox?
And I was thinking, well, that would be really interesting too, is that what if the whole
show had actually played out live on Xbox network and you could watch the show live?
I mean, if you think about it, Microsoft has the bandwidth to make something like that
happen and they have the resources to do it.
I mean, isn't it really only a matter of time before you could get live television through
your Xbox?
I mean, Netflix and everything.
And it makes sense because a lot more people are playing games versus watching TV.
Even though the Conan O'Brien deal fell through or whatever and Conan decided to go with,
you know, I want to say traditional TV, but that's not really the case.
He went with basic cable, but still, you know, a more traditional type of format.
It's very interesting to see that, okay, well, Microsoft's pursuing these types of ideas
then.
So what might happen in the next year or so?
Is it possible we're going to see a live interactive talk show?
I think that would be a very logical place for Microsoft to go.
Can you imagine, let's take the nerd angle on it.
Instead of something more like late show type of programming, what if Xbox had a program
like the screen savers?
And I'm not talking what it turned into years later, but old school Leo Laporte, tech TV
screen savers that was interactive with the Xbox audience.
Here's my problem with that and it's just, and it goes for anything even on like the
PlayStation Network or Wii or whatever.
Any of those shows are going to be obviously biased towards one console platform and it
just to me would seem like someone just shoving an advertisement in my face.
You know, basically that's how I even look at like the tester and stuff.
Oh, okay.
It's a giant commercial for your fucking games.
Awesome.
You know, same with the, you know, I didn't think, you know, and I got to give the tester
credit.
I mean, yeah, the show had flaws and had plenty of flaws, but it wasn't terrible.
I think a lot of people judge that show without ever watching it for even five minutes.
And I'll tell you what, the production values on the show were not terrible.
Could it have been better?
Yes.
But what is it like the worst thing that ever happened to PlayStation Network?
Not at all.
In fact, it does set an interesting precedent where, okay, it is viable.
They embedded commercials in the show.
Granted, you could fast forward them, but I bet there's a way they could get around
that.
I mean, they embedded commercials in the content.
I mean, yeah, Loki, it was kind of a commercial for some of the games and it's more of, I
would say it's more of like a Sony product, whatever.
But doesn't Microsoft kind of do the same thing when they, whenever they do their Major
Nelson at PAX East, they're showing crackdown, they're showing the Microsoft stuff.
They're not going to say, hey, we were at PAX East this week and oh, APB is here.
You don't really see that on the Microsoft content.
You know what I mean?
You do expect there's going to be that certain type of synergy.
And I don't know, watching the tester, I didn't feel like the game stuff was shoved down my
throat.
I kind of felt like, okay, I'm watching a show about video game testers or whatever.
And you know, you kind of expect there's going to be video games involved and I'm not suddenly
going to see them playing the Nintendo Wii on a Sony PlayStation show.
Right?
Yeah.
So.
But that's my point though.
I mean, it's just, I don't know, I mean, I guess if you want, you know, product stuff
shoved into your face and you're going to subscribe to their online magazine, but it's
just, I don't really want to see that now if they actually brought the screensavers
as the screensavers were to the network, then yeah, that would be fine.
But it's not going to be that way.
It's going to be kind of biased and that's not something I'm really interested in.
I see what you're saying, because there would be an Xbox or a Microsoft centric spin on
it.
You're not going to see Macs and things like that on the Xbox screensavers.
Because it wouldn't be like, yeah, I bought my 360 and it died four days later, you know.
You know, come to think of it, sorry to cut you off, but doesn't Microsoft kind of have,
I mean, I think of, and I don't know if this is still around, but I'm thinking, okay,
because we're sort of relatives, we're like distant cousins of this, okay?
So All Games Network is the network we're on, right?
Who is run by Scott Rubin, right?
And Scott used to be on a TV show on G4 called G4 TV, right?
I'm playing like Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon here, right?
Okay.
Scott hosted with, Laura Foy was one and the other girl was Tina, not, I keep wanting to
say Tina Fey, but it's not that, it's, oh gosh, I'm going to, I'm going to get yelled
at by the chat room for not knowing this, but these two gals hosted the show with Scott.
After the G4 TV thing folded, that show, they went on to do some Microsoft centric show,
like 10 something it was called.
I know there's going to be, there's people that have listened to allgames.com for years
that are going to jump in here and yell what it is in our chat room at chat.com.
But Microsoft is doing a show like that, or was at one time, like they did these little
specials.
Tina Wood.
Thank you, Tina Wood.
And they were doing these little specials for some time that weren't available on Xbox
per se, but it was on like Microsoft's website and they were all about like, you know, fun
features of Microsoft and going out to the, you know, uh, shows and so forth and showing
what's going on.
Because another point I just wanted to say, if there was a Conan centric show on Xbox
or what have you, I don't think it would be restricted to just Xbox.
I think there'd be a way to get it on your Zune.
There'd be a way to get it on your Windows mobile phone and there'd be ways to get it
on your desktop computer, but the technology is certainly there.
Yeah.
There you go.
On 10.
Thank you.
See, I knew, I knew that there's a lot of people listen to us because of the all games
connection and how we kind of joined up with that.
So I knew some of them have been following, uh, Scott and the old G4 family for years.
And yeah, uh, Tiger Claw reminds us, uh, uh, uh, Diane Mazzotta from the old G4 TV days
is now on Scott's new show, the Apidae TV, which I watched the iPad special.
It was a pretty good every day though.
That's, that's going to be a lot of work, app a day, one app a day, an app a day keeps
the, uh, Microsoft away, a doctor away.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, so I think it's very interesting.
This whole Conan thing.
I mean, I can see why it didn't work out, but it does kind of leave a very interesting
door open to what might happen in the future.
So we'll see anyhow, let's move on with some other gaming news.
Dark Sakura.
Why don't we?
Um, you know, we brought up, uh, Final Fight Double Impact earlier, or I'm sorry, Magic
Sword Double Impact, Rob, and, um, well the soundtrack is available.
You can download, um, the, uh, the remix soundtrack, um, as done by Simon Viklund, um, the guy
who also did the score for Bionic Commando Rearmed.
Um, I will be, um, of course linking, uh, that in the chatroom, but you can also find
it at FinalFightGame.com slash remix.
So go, go get it.
Love Final Fight music.
I also think it's pretty cool that he's just putting it up there for free.
I like that these video game companies are, uh, putting up soundtracks for free, but they're
not the only ones, right Dark Sakura?
Uh, don't think so.
Let's see.
Um, yeah, also the God of War trilogy, um, soundtrack is available.
And uh, of course, uh, I think that's pretty cool that Sony's doing that for God of War
3.
Um, actually I'm sorry, the whole trilogy, if I'm right.
I think so.
It's the whole, and God of War is one where they could probably sell it if they wanted
to.
They did.
They did?
Yeah.
They're giving it away for free?
For God of War 3.
Oh, interesting.
Huh.
But yeah, um, you can actually just go to God of War dot com and I think that it's available,
um, on the website.
I'd be more interested in a dump of the, um, heavy metal soundtrack that they had for,
uh, God of War 3.
I'm kinda surprised we don't see more game soundtracks out there.
I mean, not necessarily for free.
The Blood and Metal EP?
But you know, I'm talking about, like, even on iTunes.
And there, well, I should say that I have seen, there's definitely been an increase
of game soundtracks available on iTunes, but you know, one of these game soundtracks are
really just promotion for the game at the end of the day, so why not give them out for
free?
Well, I linked it in the chatroom too.
There you go.
Good job.
Um, also, uh, just wanted to say real quick, uh, we had a little bit of stream downtime.
I don't know.
We had a stream hiccup that happened.
We just kept right on rolling the tape, but, uh, our live listeners are just now coming
back on and, uh, there's some, uh, chat comments from before the hiccup and I wanted to get
to some of these.
Uh, Black Wolf in our chatroom, of course, the one and only Bobby Black Wolf who tapes
before us at All Games Radio, he said, I wanted to point out that some of the on 10 stuff
from E3 2007 actually showed people playing Wii games.
I was surprised.
Does that maybe play into the, and I don't want to, maybe I shouldn't go back and open
this old can of worms, but does that maybe play into the whole, uh, conspiracy theory
from about three years ago before the Wii really took off on OMG, Microsoft wants to
buy Nintendo?
Like that, like, and, and also hasn't they had, didn't they say at one point that maybe
it was Nintendo that said this, I don't know, but somebody said that Microsoft is competing
with Sony, not Nintendo.
Yeah.
So maybe, you know, showing a Wii game is okay, but showing a PS3 game, not okay.
And I could see that.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Sorry.
I just want to say that now.
I didn't want to.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Now that Natal's coming out, they probably won't be showing those a week clips anymore
because now they are a little bit more of a competitor.
We'll see.
Anyway, for the live listeners, we'll play some of the songs from those soundtracks a
little later on during our break.
For those of you listening on the podcast, you will have to go grab those at the URLs.
Dark Sakura already gave you.
Yep.
Go get them.
All right.
Well, um, in case you're wondering, the, um, teased Nintendo 3DS is going to be Nintendo's
next platform, not necessarily just a revision of the current hardware.
It is actually going to be a brand new platform.
And that makes sense considering some of the stories we've talked about, the 3DS or stuff
that could possibly lend itself to the 3DS, like for example, the patent that was registered,
I believe last week for some sort of rumble device built into the new DS.
And of course, you know, the fact that the 3DS is going to be in 3D, um, obviously it's
going to be probably backwards compatible with, um, the DSI stuff or the Nintendo DS
stuff.
Um, so yeah, that makes sense, but that's kind of neat.
So new platform finally for the handhelds.
Um, so in other words, it's not just a DS upgrade.
It's a brand new, it is a new thing.
Basically they're saying that we've run out of ideas for new games.
So now we're going to put out a new Mario game and a new, uh, you know, I, I ha I will
say though, I, my interest is piqued with this.
I am very curious to see how this plays out because I am, I'm not big on the 3D thing.
I think it's a little ridiculous for some of the movies.
I mean, yes, avatar was, was pretty, but I mean, honestly the 3D gave me a headache.
I think I would have enjoyed avatar just as much in 2D.
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, was it pretty?
Yeah.
But would I have enjoyed it just as much in 2D?
Of course I would have.
Um, so I'm kind of curious if games are really going to make me feel differently about 3D.
You know, I think I'd pick up the system one step closer to the holodeck.
I, I think it'd be interesting cause I like the fact that it doesn't require, um, glasses
to play it, which is kind of cool.
Yeah, that is very interesting.
And really to be honest with like the 3D TVs and stuff that they're shown on TV, um, I'm
not really interested in that stuff because those glasses are so damn expensive.
I think the best system out there that they should really go with, and I'm very surprised
that they're just going with the actual shutter glasses and stuff, is that real D3D.
Cause those glasses are fucking dirt cheap.
I mean, they hand them out for like five bucks when you go see a 3D movie, and it works just
as well as those shutter glasses.
So if they can come up with a TV that supports that, I think that'd be the way to go cause
hell, I mean, you don't have enough for your friends or something, just go buy a pack of
ten for like, you know, twenty bucks or something.
I don't know.
Um, it's kind of funny, Sega in our chatroom says, holodeck missed.
And if you're new to the show and you've never heard me kind of say, oh, we're one step closer
to the holodeck.
Every time we hear about this new invention in games or the next, you know, generation
of games, cause you know, the show's been on a little while now, when our show started
the PlayStation 2 was still new, okay?
Whenever these new things are announced, it's always kind of like joking, well, we're one
step closer to the holodeck, which from Star Trek The Next Generation was, you know, there
is no, you basically were in the environment you wanted to be in or play your game or simulation
in.
And I kind of think the one thing I could see that could be very cool about 3D is that,
like, well, I don't even know if cool is the word I would use, but can you imagine, like,
a, not so much on the DS, but like on a big console, a big TV, a 3D version of like Silent
Hill?
Like, I don't even know if I could play a game like that.
I think it just might be too much for me, like sensory overload, you know?
All I have to do is make this technology affordable, cause if that system comes out at $200, that's
not gonna work.
A game like Myst could be, I mean, the reason why I read that quote is because Myst, I don't
know, there's a creepiness to Myst, but not like scary.
There's just certain, like, I don't know, I played Myst online for a couple weeks.
I'd want holodeck phantasmagoria.
You're sick.
But there's a certain creepiness to it without being, like, just downright scary.
Can you imagine 3DF0?
I'd barf.
Like 3DF0 moves, would move very quickly.
F0 is a very fast-moving game.
I'd probably barf.
I think it might be too much.
Here's what I'm surprised, and, you know, we may see this later on, is...
Sorry, Tigerclaw in our chatroom, chat.ornsonshade.com says, eh, people will just play WoW and realistic
3D.
True.
It's like arcade games with this kind of technology built in, cause it's just an LCD screen with
some sort of, you know, extra screen in front of it that directs the light to your eyes.
You know, that'd be perfect because, like, especially sit-down racing games and stuff,
you're obviously at a certain distance away from the screen that they could calibrate
it to, and there you go.
Yeah, but arcade games, I mean...
But yeah, but...
I don't mean to jump ahead, but I know we have a story coming up later about arcades
further on the decline, and it's kinda like...
I don't know.
That's a lot of money.
But that's the thing though, but the arcade games, yeah, they're not releasing a lot of
stuff, but the stuff that they are releasing are, like, the big things that you can't do
at home type stuff.
I see.
You know, like the, you know, full-scale racing sims and stuff like that.
But just, this would take it one step further, and that would be awesome.
So like 3D Mario Kart in the arcade?
Exactly.
Good times.
All right.
Well, I was talking about sensory overload, and that kinda ties into the next story, and
it's about this study that was conducted by Australian researchers.
And what they're trying to do is kinda refute the claim that if you play violent video games
before you go to bed, you're gonna have a hard time falling asleep.
So what they did is they did this study.
They took two groups of teenage boys, sorry, no girls allowed apparently in this study,
and they made them play 50 minutes of Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, or I'm sorry, Call
of Duty 4 Modern Warfare.
They split them into two groups, and one group played Call of Duty 4, the other group watched
March of the Penguins while lying in bed.
And then after 50 minutes, they had to go to sleep.
And what they found out, the group that played Modern Warfare overall only took a few minutes
longer to fall asleep than those that were watching the movie.
That's because it's the March of the Penguins.
They would have fallen asleep during the movie.
Exactly.
It's boring.
Well, I think the reason why it might take longer to fall asleep is not, it has nothing
to do with the violent content.
I think a more accurate thing would have been play Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare versus
like Super Mario Galaxy or something, or well, maybe that's not the best, or LittleBigPlanet,
you know, something more G-rated in video games.
Because, I think the reason why, you know, even though this whole study is supposed to
show, oh, it doesn't keep you up as late, you know, whatever, I think even the few minutes
were probably because Modern Warfare is more interactive.
You're thinking about it more.
It's more mentally stimulating.
Yeah, it stimulates your mind more than watching a movie.
Isn't quite as mentally stimulating.
Especially March of the Penguins.
I mean, my God, why would you torture someone like that?
I mean, like, I love penguins, but March of the Penguins, yeah, I was about to go to sleep.
During March of the Penguins.
I preferred Happy Feet.
Thank you very much.
Justino.
No, it's, I mean, I've been like, I want to go to the other group.
So there you go.
But this kind of begs the question, you know, kind of tying into the whole, and I'm asking
this to the chat room as well, so chatters, please voice your mind on this one.
Has there been a time where video games have ever impacted your sleep?
I've had dreams about games.
Yeah?
The same way you do about movies, you know, and shows and stuff.
Maybe like-
I've had an interesting Silent Hill dream that I actually wanted to pitch as a game.
Oh, really?
Yeah, but it would be spoiling the ending.
Okay, well, let me not ask so much about the actual dream itself, but let me see your sleep
habits.
Has video games ever impacted, like, when you go to bed or how late you're staying up
at night?
Not really.
I mean, I have a couple of times gotten caught up in a game, like just playing some Star
Trek online, and then I'll realize that I've fallen asleep in a battle or something, and
then I'll just turn it off.
Nice.
I've done that once, by the way.
But I, not really, I mean, I stayed up all night playing Blue Dragon, but my plan first
was to stay up all night, and I played Blue Dragon to keep myself staying up all night.
Right.
So-
I remember when I was younger, I literally stayed up till like 6am in the morning playing
Super Mario Brothers 2 when I first played it.
Well, I did that, though, with Final Fantasy III over here, Final Fantasy VI.
So I did that.
I did it for a week.
And then World of Warcraft.
You know, there's been-
Addict!
That raid that keeps you up later than you intended.
I mean, I'll admit it, it's happened.
Video games have impacted my sleep.
How about you, Loki?
Is the video game-
Final Fantasy XI.
Used to play with the Japanese folks, and in order to play with the Japanese guys, you
have to stay up till 5 in the morning.
I've done that before.
But-
And, uh-
I did it on purpose.
No, um, no.
But, see, that's the thing, though.
That night, that was a conscious choice.
It wasn't like, oh, games making me stay up, you know?
And I have to say, though, after I'm done gaming, fell asleep like a rock.
I mean, it did not keep me up at all.
I actually find that playing a good involving game before I go to bed, for me, works like
reading, you know?
Where it'll kind of help me settle down, because I need to be doing something before I go to
bed so that I'm not-
Because if I'm just sitting here going, buh, bored, buh, bored, buh, bored, then I won't
go to sleep.
But if I've worn my brain out, then I have no problem going to sleep.
Really when you get down to the bottom of the study, what is it that they're trying
to figure out?
They're trying to figure out whether they can blame games for something else.
I mean, that's really what it comes down to.
It's like, oh my god, violent video games are bad because they prevent you from sleeping.
I mean, really-
Because you just lie there in bed thinking about all the blood you just splattered.
You're not gonna, like, play the violent video game and go to bed and go, oh my god, someone's
gonna kill me now, unless you're, like, mentally disturbed, and in which case you shouldn't
be playing games in the first place, at least that way, and I mean, if games are affecting
you in that way, don't play them right before bed.
I mean, come on, take some damn responsibility for yourself.
We don't need to be funding the- I mean, who did this?
Obviously, it's somebody funded by somebody else, so that's money wasted right there,
if you ask me.
Let's go to our chat room with some comments and answers to the question.
Do you- have you ever, like, stayed up all night and had your sleep plans impacted by
a video game?
Shaoran says, if by impacted your sleep you mean play Final Fantasy X all night, in that
case, yeah.
Dartitsuya says, does staying up till all hours of the night playing Beat Media 2DX
count?
Bochikawa says, it has, but I've got sleep issues.
I sleep for too long and use entertainment to try to regulate hours.
Rama says, Sky, that was me with Super Mario Brothers 3 and now I'm doing it with Final
Fantasy XIII.
You know what I kind of find is that I just have a hard problem falling asleep before
midnight, period.
And I don't know if games are to really blame for that, but I just, like, I don't go to
bed before midnight ever, even if I have to be up at five in the morning, or no matter
what time I have to be up, I can't, like, force myself to go to bed before midnight.
Just force feed yourself shows that you don't want to watch, like, for example, reruns on
the Food Network.
It'll put you to sleep without you even knowing it.
But like, I don't know, I can't, like, let myself do that.
I don't know why.
I can't let myself do that either.
It's not all PM if I really want to.
But then my wife is leaning on one side, my cat's on my lap, so, you know, it's like I'm
stuck there with my eyes glued open trying to watch the same episode of Divers, or, you
know, Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, and it's like, I've already seen this eight times!
I don't want to see it again.
Ah, alright.
No, but seriously though, everybody is basically saying that they made conscious choices to
stay up because the game they want to play, you know, was fun.
Not necessarily that they stopped playing and they couldn't fall asleep because they
were playing a violent video game, or a video game in general.
So once again, do we really need this study?
On the same token, I have stayed up late reading a book because I wanted to finish the book.
I wanted to get to the next chapter.
I've stayed up watching entire TV series because I wanted to see the next episode.
I wanted to see what happened next.
So it's the same thing.
I was up very late last night watching Mean Girls.
So I'm not lying, I really was up till like 1.30 because we were watching Mean Girls.
I've read books and then fell asleep and started dreaming parts of the book, like, later on,
and then had to turn in a book report and it didn't come out that well because what
I dreamt didn't actually happen in the book.
But it was funny because I didn't know that because I thought I had just been reading
the book.
Alright, let's move on with some other gaming news and then maybe we'll get some emails
on this topic.
I don't know.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I work with weirdos.
Some more news stories for you guys and then we'll get to the Classic Game of the Week
in a little bit.
Well, this is actually something that I ran across completely by accident the other day
and I'm pretty glad that I did.
There is an Iraqi video game coming out.
Developed in Iraq, took 17 years to develop.
It started developing it under Hussein's reign because it was really hard to get in the items
that they needed.
Good God, 17 years?
Is it on the ColecoVision?
1993.
Rabah Shehab was an engineering student at the University of Baghdad and after the Gulf
War he wanted to make a video game.
So he started, it was, there had been none made in Iraq so he basically decided to try
to make a fun game and he wanted to, he wanted to counter the bad images of the Gulf War,
you know, the bombs and everything by showing something that's a little bit more culturally
deep.
And so according to this he saved up to buy an Amiga in Iraq at the time and had to pirate
games so that he could actually play them and see how they were made and he actually
had to recycle floppies because he couldn't get disk drives or anything.
Doesn't he know how to copy that floppy?
Well, at any rate, they finished the game and it's about two brothers named Nasir and
Blasir who went throughout ancient Mesopotamia to fight an evil sorcerer.
And so now the game Babylonian Twins is being published for iPhone and iPod touch, or sorry,
for iPad and iPhone and I guess iPod touch.
But actually I watched some of the movie of it, the little film of it and it's actually
pretty cool.
So they basically redid the graphics all high def and added new music, new levels and it's
actually already on the iPhone so you can go get it.
And it reached the top 20 in the first week.
That's kind of neat.
You know, I really like his inspiration because I think the guy's got a really good point.
I think there's a lot of people over here, because a lot of us have practically grown
up on the Gulf War.
I mean, I know that's a weird way of saying it, but especially the demographic that listens
to this program in their 20s and stuff have known of the Gulf War since they were kids.
So I think the images we get of Iraq, unfortunately, are bombs, Saddam Hussein when they pulled
him out of the ground and he looked all like crazy.
These are the images people have of Iraq.
But there's this whole culture and years of history, a country, land that's been around
for years and years before any of this was going on and the oil wars and all this stuff
of culture that people don't really know about.
Well, I want to quote actually the last line of this article because I think that it goes
along with what you're saying.
This game is just a small creation from what he sees as a vibrant but downtrodden people
and he hopes that in America it can serve as a small indication of what Iraq is beyond
a deadly quagmire.
By the way, and by the way, of all places, I got this at AOL news.
Hey, nothing wrong with that.
Yeah.
So I'm going to link this in the chat room and I'd love for people to watch the little
trailer that came with it.
It looks super fun, actually.
I'm going to download it.
It looks kind of Mario-esque.
I'm actually going to download it on iTunes right now and I'll hopefully do a review next
week.
Very cool.
Well, props, props to that guy for, I mean, 17 years is an awfully long time and that's,
that's a lot of drive to, um, and something you really believe in.
I mean, if you think about it, we've only been doing this show, which has definitely
been a labor of love, uh, for what, eight years?
That's not even half the time it took this guy to make this game.
Just food for thought.
It's, to be fair, he didn't spend all that time making the game.
Okay.
But still, I mean, he never just let it die, right?
You know what?
It's, it's three bucks on iPhone and five bucks on the iPad, the HD version on iPad.
So you know what?
You can spend three bucks and give it a try.
All right.
We'll go look at the trailer.
See what's up your alley.
One other thing is that because he had to put, he actually put a lot of expense into
it because all this stuff was really expensive to get, you know, especially in the times
that he was in.
So he was actually quoted saying that he doesn't expect to really make back the money he spent
on it, but it would be nice.
So I, you know, help a guy out, spend the three bucks, you know, let them know that
his, you know, wasn't in vain.
All right.
Well best of luck to the guy in, um, um, selling the application and getting the word out there
that Iraq is, is much more than, than, than, than a war.
I think that's a very good, um, kind of moral, I guess, to the story.
All right.
Let's talk about some other games coming out, uh, around the world and some other, uh, parts.
We'll start here in the U.S. with Loki.
What's coming out in the U.S. this week?
Uh, not a lot, but there's some decent stuff.
Um, start off with Blood Bowl on PSP.
It's delayed from a few weeks ago, finally, hopefully coming out on, uh, PSP this week.
Uh, the Classic Controller Pro in both white and black coming out to tie in with, uh, Monster
Hunter Tri, which will be making its way out on the Wii.
Um, also All-Star Karate coming to, uh, the Wii as well.
I guess that's a little bit better than All-Star Cheerleader.
And then finally, um, Sherlock Holmes versus Jack the Ripper coming out on, uh, Xbox 360.
Also on the PlayStation Network and Xbox, um, 360 Marketplace this week, After Burner
Climax will be the game of the week.
I bet, uh, Dark Sakura's gonna, uh, check that out.
Yep.
I heard, yeah.
Damn straight.
All right.
Let's go over to Japan and look at the, uh, Japanese release dates.
Uh, a little bit busier this week than it has been in recent weeks in Japan.
Uh, coming out on the Xbox 360, Ketsuie Kizuna Jigoku Tachi Extra, uh, in regular and limited
editions on the 360.
This is a shooter classic from Cave that's getting upgraded for the 360, uh, includes
networking abilities, uh, where you can play with other people, uh, in a shooter.
So...
Cave did Eskebaloo...
Eskebaloo.
That's right.
So, uh, you shooter fans, you SHMUP fans have something to look forward to this week, um,
and I imagine some folks will be importing that.
Uh, also on the 360 this week, from Square Enix, Nier Gestalt.
And that, this is, uh, one of the ones they've been teasing for a little while, right, Nier?
Uh, is this one of the ones that's on the, um, uh, Unreal Engine, as well?
Um, maybe, I don't remember.
But it is a big new action-adventure RPG series that is coming out over here, what, by the
end of the year?
Uh, actually, it's coming out the week after next.
Oh, wow, so, good, we'll have to wait very long to get it over here.
But if you want to get it a couple weeks early, the Japanese release is out soon.
Also, uh, The Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion is getting its Game of the Year edition finally
out in Japan.
It took them a little while to get Oblivion over there, because they have a translated
version, right?
And there's a lot of dialogue and so forth in Oblivion.
I mean, god, talk about a game with depth.
So they're just now getting around to their Game of the Year edition, like we've had over
here in the US for a while.
Uh, same style, same style on the PlayStation 3.
Uh, PlayStation 3 is also getting its own version of Nier, but they call it Nier Replicant
on the PS3.
It's almost like, uh, a different game on the 360 and the PS3.
I'm not sure how that all works.
Is that like a Pokemon red and blue thing, but it's on different systems?
I have no idea.
That's very interesting.
It could be a side story.
It could be.
Sometimes that happens.
That's very interesting.
You don't really usually see that in the same week though.
That's, I'm curious to see how that plays out.
Uh, the Nintendo Wii does not have any huge games this week, but they have one called
Ivy the Kiwi.
That sounds cute.
Ivy the Kiwi.
This looks a lot like, um, oh, some game I've seen on the, uh, no, I guess it's not that
same game.
Oh, it looks cute though.
I like the art style in this game.
Looks very cool.
Uh, imagine like a very hand drawn kind of game, uh, that's coming out on the Wii this
week.
I like that art style.
Google that and look at some pictures from that.
That's Ivy the Kiwi as a question.
Ivy the Kiwi?
Uh, PlayStation 2 gets another pachinko game out this week.
This one, uh, Higurashi no Naku Korom ni Matsuri, but just what you really needed.
Another pachinko game.
How about the Nintendo DS?
Nintendo DS gets its own version of Ivy the Kiwi, uh, but the big release would be Naruto,
Naruto Shippuden Ninjutsu Senkai-Cha Crash comes out on the Nintendo DS this week.
Yes, it's another Naruto game.
It's a brand new battle system though.
You fill your chakra gauge as you fight Sasuke, Itachi, or Dodara, whatever, uh, if you're
a fan of Naruto, I'm sure you already have that on import and, uh, on the PSP, actually
some big, big releases on the PSP this week, Knights in the Nightmare comes out and I think
a game that a lot of folks are going to be into on the PSP, Disgaea Infinite comes out.
That's right.
Disgaea on the PSP with infinite possibilities.
Let's go over to the UK.
Dark soccer.
I was covered in glue.
Sorry.
Still sniffing the glue over there, huh?
No, I'm working on the back end of my thing now, so I'm almost done with my decoupage.
I love that word.
Anyway, um, on the 20th we have, um, the misadventures of PB Winterbottom, and that actually makes
me sad because of one of my co-workers, except for the middle initial, those are his last
name and first initial, so it actually made me think about him.
Interesting.
I hope it doesn't have anything to do with him, um, um, and Vigilant Chronicles, an MMO.
21st Afterburner Climax, woohoo, and, um, the 23rd Dead to Rights Retribution, Monster
Hunter Tri, Nier, and the Whispered World.
That's a cool name, the Whispered World.
That's it.
That is a nice name.
Whispered World.
The Whispered World.
Whisperer.
Makes me think of Wispy Woods.
How was the stage?
Anybody know where Wispy Woods comes from?
Kirby's Avalon.
Good job!
You get a gold star.
You have that game.
When you go to the level it goes, Wispy Woods.
You are a classic game sponge, I love it.
Kirby's Avalanche was like my game until I discovered it was Puyo Puyo.
I was like, Puyo Puyo.
Kirby's Avalanche was my game and I never discovered it was Puyo Puyo until, seriously,
this show, and interacting with you and your sponge of import game knowledge.
You know what else was Puyo Puyo, right?
The Dr. Robotnik.
Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine.
Oh yeah.
And I think a lot of people always wondered back in the day, like, how come the same damn
game is out on the Genesis and the Nintendo, but they use the different franchises?
Like, that was kind of weird to see back then.
Anyhow.
It was just to get those games to sell in the US, just put a big game on them.
Did it work?
I think so.
I mean, the Kirby's Avalanche was great.
Yeah, it was.
And actually, the digitized voice in it was really well done.
Wispy Woods.
Anyhow.
Talk about random.
Hi, Loki.
What's on deck next?
Well, apparently the US government has asked Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to create a game
about balancing the budget.
Yes, apparently Erskine Bowles, co-chair of President Obama's fiscal commission, is trying
to...
Say that ten times faster.
Is trying to create a game to educate the public about the difficulty of reducing the
US budget deficit.
So basically, they're trying to create a game to show you that balancing the budget is hard!
And the joke, of course, goes that anybody who is able to balance the budget will immediately
be whisked away to some secret government location a la Last Starfighter to balance
the real budget.
It's budget mama.
Don't worry.
Mama will fix it.
But why spend money to say that, oh, my job is hard, I can't do this.
I mean, it just sounds like whining to me.
Budget mama for President 2012.
And the other way you can look at it is like, well, we don't know how to do it.
Do you guys have any ideas?
I mean, really?
I thought, and granted, I didn't read the story.
I just thought from looking at the title we're putting together tonight's thing, because
you know what we're talking about.
I don't like to spoil myself, because I like to kind of have topics unfold on air here.
But I kind of thought when they talked about a game about balancing the budget, I kind
of thought it would be like personal budget.
Like teach kids at a young age how to not spend more than they make and maybe like how
to save a little bit and so forth.
That would seem like the game to make, right?
Like an Oregon Trail, but with the, you know, you don't spend too much on the wagon wheels
because then you won't have enough for food unless you take a lot of guns with you because
you can shoot buffalo and have 999 pounds of food.
And in case you didn't think that, you know, the Obama campaign is out of it enough, they
thought that, you know, what you could get is support among the populace for an exceptionally
unpopular thing that you need to solve this problem.
And also saying that the game could go viral.
Wow.
Way to use buzzwords that you have no idea what the meaning are.
Like Super Chick Sisters and the other PETA games and how viral they went.
Viral.
I'm sorry.
It has to be good for it to go viral.
Well, actually it has to be popular for viral.
No, I mean joystick Kotaku and all those kids will report on it and people will play it
for like a day and then they'll be like, LOL and then never played again.
That's what happens with a lot of these, like the PETA games.
Same thing, right?
People, people look at them, play them once, go LOL and then that's it.
Honestly, I actually think that you touched on something earlier that might actually be
legitimate.
Um, Matt did.
There's also an A plus genius comment in chat I want to get to in just a minute.
Okay.
I really do think that perhaps the whole point behind this is to trick people into actually
playing it to get new ideas.
Cause seriously, it's like I put it in the same category and I'm being serious as America's
army.
You know, picking interest on who would want to be a soldier, who would want to do this,
you know, getting a realistic point of view.
This is giving a realistic point of view to people because who knows, there may be some
genius mathematician out there who might just be able to be a good advisor and do it.
Yeah, but these people are hired for this job.
This isn't like who wants to be a millionaire.
You can't fucking poll the audience for an answer.
I mean, what is going on?
Is that the previous way of doing things hasn't worked.
There's people who can't do it even though they are trained.
They're trained to think in a particular way.
So you get people who think differently.
And maybe I'm taking your comment in the wrong context and running another way in it, but
could it be then that you're saying maybe this act, I mean, I don't think this is what
you're saying, but kind of of that comment, maybe this is a way to tell kids balancing
the budget is hard and think about how you spend your own money because balancing the
government budget is next to impossible.
No that's not what it is.
No.
Well I know that's not what it is, but I think it makes sense in that light.
But seriously, I think what it is, is a way to tap an untrained mind.
You know what I mean?
You could find something, you know, because I know people who are freaking math prodigies
who don't really, aren't into the politics behind it, who would say, you know, yeah,
I'm not attached to the government office.
Here's what I would do without having to have all of those stressors of, oh, lobbyists this,
lobbyists that, we want this, we want that, we want this, we want that.
I mean, keep in mind the benefit of getting an, I would have to say an unfiltered perspective.
Getting fresh eyes to look at something, I mean, that is legitimately a unique way of
doing it.
I mean, it's one thing to just go out and pull a bunch of people who you know to be
talented in it, but another thing to put it out under the pretenses of a game and let
people work on it without having a real attachment to it and see what creative solution they
come up with.
A better sim would be for them.
It's so crazy, Jamie, it might be true.
Like that's my thought.
And again, keep, keep in mind, keep in mind, I, I'm coming from the point of view where
a, okay, keep, and the design point of view, let's put it this way.
You've got all these people who are trained to do, oh, we use Helvetica for this, we do
Swiss design, we do this, we do that.
The FedEx logo was created by an intern, you know, just some new kid who came in.
So think about that.
You know, you get that fresh perspective, you get someone who's not bogged down by just
the weight of the industry, you know, in this case by the weight of politics.
Where could they go?
Ironically enough, I don't like talking about my day job a lot on this show, but I know,
you know, I did mention I just started a new day job this past week actually.
And I think part of what they're looking for me to me to bring to this position is a fresh
perspective.
That's a, that's a big part of like, you know, why I'm doing the job I'm doing.
So it's interesting that you kind of tie that together.
Well, if they want a fresh perspective, vote these people out of office.
These people were not voted into their job.
They were elected.
Well, we can take care, we can take care of the people that put them there.
I really think you're completely missing the point.
But I worry that the people that would jump up and say, I'll do the job instead are not
the ones that should be doing it either.
You know what I mean?
I'm looking at this as a consultant, someone who will provide the fresh perspective, someone
who will give the ideas and then let the people who are trained, who see the big picture actually
run with it.
I think it's brilliant, honestly.
I really do think it's very intelligent.
And I'm, you know, especially if our president is backing, supports the idea, then I'm very
glad I voted for him.
Well, just so you guys know, it isn't the first time that they've tried this.
Apparently in 1989, the National Economic Commission distributed hard choices on floppies
for $20 a copy.
And apparently also the 1994 Commission also released a game with the title Budget Shadows.
And budget shadows.
And unfortunately, even though those games were released, we still don't have a balanced
budget.
OK.
How many of you got total random tangent?
But quick poll in studio.
How many of you guys watch Channel 6 KVIE?
How many guys watch Channel 6?
I have.
What if it's not Channel 6?
I know this is a Sacramento reference, but whatever.
It's KVIE.
KVIE.
The PBS.
How many guys ever watch that?
I have.
I have two.
They show some neat things once in a while on PBS, actually, besides just Sesame Street
and Mr. Rogers.
We were bored one night.
Extremely bored.
And high.
And there was nothing.
No, not high.
We were so bored.
And the only thing it was on was a Michael Bolton concert.
And it was like, I don't want to watch this, but seriously, it is the only thing on TV
right now.
Hey, well, actually we had a story a couple weeks ago about how Video Games Live was doing
a thing for PBS.
That would have been way better than the Michael Bolton concert.
I saw a Lorena McKinnon concert that was filmed for PBS that was amazing.
It was amazing.
Although I have to say props to them for being one of the first to have HD.
So you know.
PBS introduced me to Doctor Who when I was a child.
Well, the reason why I bring that up, and I'm not just saying this comment is great
because it's from a friend of mine, but Sagonar Chatroom says, this is why I need to start
the Corporation for Public Gaming.
I always found that there was a need for journalistic game development in the vein of the persuasive
games.
So while I like the idea of having a budget balance game, but this isn't quite the most
productive path to make an effective title.
And there's a part of me that goes, why isn't there a foundation for public gaming, a corporation
like there is for PBS?
This Jazz Jackrabbit was brought to you by...
Well.
Yeah.
Why not?
I agree.
Isn't it weird?
But I think there's Flash games that are like that, aren't there?
It's different.
And maybe television is different than like Xbox and Wii and all this, but certainly like
maybe PC games.
It is a little interesting that we don't have more of a, I guess publicly funded game development
thing.
Although I guess maybe that's part of what Loki's talking about.
I don't know.
It's very interesting.
I just thought, I just kind of read that comment and I went, huh, that's a really good point.
How come they have it for TV if they don't have it for games?
Hmm.
Interesting.
Anyhow, we've got a couple more stories here and then we're going to get to the classic
game of the week.
Uh, I want to talk about Xbox live and crime.
Do, do, do, do, do.
Uh, here's the deal.
What happened is that there was a Connecticut man, just 23 years old, he was out on bail.
I guess he had been arrested for gun charges, drug charges, you know, all that type of shady
stuff.
Apparently he got re-arrested even though he was out on bail.
Why?
He sent threatening messages to witnesses on Xbox live.
This all according to the New Haven Connecticut register, uh, Anthony Hayward is his name
and he sent an Xbox live message to one of the witnesses that says, rats die slow.
And it included the witnesses home address.
This was back in December, but you know, things take time.
Can we give him a stupid award?
Uh, we could.
You know, what's funny though is that could just be regular Xbox live dialogue if you
ask me.
I mean, he might not have actually been there.
I was just playing call of duty officer.
Seriously.
This is dark soccer is talking about the stupid award, uh, by the way, uh, just so you know,
he had been arrested last summer.
Uh, there was a stolen gun under the passenger seat of the car he was driving.
Uh, apparently the witness said he placed it there.
He surrendered himself to police.
He was charged with witness tampering, intimidating the witness and two counts of second degree
harassment.
The judge set the bail for $50,000.
Idiot, I gotta say though, Xbox live, you know, you don't, it's just another medium
now it's just as easy as writing an email or whatever.
All right.
Dark soccer has got one more story for us and then the classic game of the week.
Dark soccer.
Oh yeah.
So, um, you remember me telling you a long time ago about playing descent and having
to have it on 14 discs back in the day?
Yes.
She had to install three and a half inch floppies, she had to install like 14 disc.
Please insert this too.
Please insert this three.
Yes.
And my friend who actually I've reconnected with on Facebook recently, my friend Avery,
um, he built a, he, he modified a chair for descent.
I thought it was pretty cool.
It was Uber.
Awesome.
Like did the chair move as descent?
No, but he had like joysticks rigged and key pads and stuff.
Okay.
I wonder if he still has it.
Anyway.
So Interplay is actually going to be bringing descent to WiiWare and, um, it's being developed
by G1M2 and, um, we'll be using the Wiimote, um, to, uh, move in the game.
That's going to be interesting.
I, I got to tell you, if you have a hard time conceptualizing 3d in your mind, like I know
a lot of us did when we had to move from 2d to 3d gaming, like part of the reason I struggle
with Metroid is I can't imagine like just conceptualizing it all in 3d is kind of hard
sometimes like descent will seriously like mess with your mind so hard because it is
full 360 degree movement, but basically, um, well, you know how hard it was to control
the keyboard.
I mean, it was a pain in the ass.
Right.
And it wasn't that it was a little bit easier with joysticks, but, but all of your movement
then is just going to be intuitive moving through.
You don't have a button.
It's just moving the sticks.
So interesting.
And here's what I would propose the reversal head tracking mode.
Could you imagine playing this as a head tracking game, crazy hearing around corners, moving
forward, backing up.
That would be crazy.
Go nuts.
Too bad.
It's not going to happen.
Nope.
You know, actually it kind of related to that.
Did you happen to see the link that I put up on my Facebook about the, um, the interactive
windows?
I don't think so.
These, these people, and I'll try to find the article again, but these people, um, made
a wall facade and put up windows in it with actually two, um, plasma monitors and, uh,
uh, uh, Mac.
And um, they did the we moat hack to, and then had like this, a sensor board that you
could wear around your neck and it would head track the window so you could go to the windows
and peer through them and go around and, um, oh, sorry, the poltergeist are attacking my
room again.
Um, but you could peer in the windows and everything.
I really, really think that that should be where those kinds of games go.
Hmm.
Well, will you get, will you check this out?
I'd throw up, but I think it'd be funny.
Will you check this out on WiiWare when it comes out?
Probably.
Yeah.
Although I really, and I didn't-
Did they name a price?
Or a little early for that?
Let's see.
Mm-hmm.
Might be a little early for that.
Yeah, I think it's too early for that.
But, um, I, I, what I would really like to see though with that is I soup, I hope it's
not pixel like it was, I would really like for them to at least just clean up the pixels
in it.
They might.
Or render it.
Shit.
I mean.
Um, before we get into the next segment here, I just want to quickly ask DarkSakura a question
from a chatter here.
Fun ET man in chat says, good night, but a quick question for DarkSakura.
Which Puyo Puyo is the best for being the most easily obtainable?
An actual Puyo Puyo?
I'm sure-
DS.
Puyo Puyo DS, probably.
Well, for the US, yeah.
I would say you can get, um, Puyo Pop.
Whatever that one was.
Wasn't there a Puyo Party or something?
There was just a game called Puyo Puyo DS that came out when the DS first came out.
Yeah, you can-
It's probably really easy to get and cheap now.
Probably.
Um, I, I, but Puyo Pop, you can just get that anywhere.
Um, and it came out on, um, DS and I've actually got a Puyo Puyo that came out on Neo Geo Pocket
Color a while back.
If you're looking for an import, though, I don't know.
I got, I have, uh, um, the PC Engine Duo version, which my friend picked up for, you know, 900
yen in Japan.
I'm not supposed to tell you this, but just go get a Super Nintendo emulator and download
Kirby's Avalanche.
Kirby's Avalanche!
I didn't tell you that.
It's also supported in MAME, too, by the way.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
It's good to know.
But, there's, like, all kinds of versions, like, Nintendo 64 had a version, Saturn had,
um, I think Puyo Puyo Sun, which is actually one I'm still looking for.
That's a game I'm actually looking for, is Puyo Puyo Sun.
Actually, and to be fair, maybe I shouldn't endorse the whole emulator thing, there, I
believe Robotnik's Mean Beaten Machine is all over those Sega collections.
It's tucked away on a lot of the Sonic ones.
But, uh, I'm, in fact, I'm positive it's on the Mega, uh, Sonic's Genesis Collection game
that came out a couple, like, last year, uh, and that's a great deal, because that game
was only, like, what, 20 bucks, and it's, like, 30, 40 Genesis games, it's, it's, and
some arcade games, uh, and Mean Beaten Machine is one of them.
So cheap now.
Oh, it's, uh, that is, seriously, that's an awesome buy.
It really is.
It's super fun.
Especially for you younger guys, who, and gals, who didn't kind of grow up experiencing
Genesis like, like we did.
And there's also some actually pretty fun achievements in it, but you unlock your games,
too, by getting certain scores on some of the crappier games.
Yeah.
Good times.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, see, see, see how much this woman knows about her classic gaming?
That's why she gets a segment every week on the show called the Classic Game of the Week.
Oh, by the way.
Huh?
Puyo Puyo 64 was a four player, was a four player Puyo Puyo C. Can you tell me who that
was?
See what I mean?
She just, she knows her shit.
So, uh, every week on this show, Dark Sakura dives into the vault and, uh, picks out a
classic game that she thinks you all should be playing this week, right now.
She was to edumacate you on a classic game.
It's called Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Sakura, what could the Classic Game of the Week possibly be?
It's Descent.
What a crazy coincidence.
What made you, what made you decide to pick it this week?
Uh, because I felt like it.
It was either that or Microcosm.
Maybe next week.
Maybe.
Alright, well this is, it's certainly worthy of being the Game of the Week and even, you
know, it just, it ties into the news, certainly, but I think there's a lot of people that miss
this game.
Yep.
So tell us about Descent, Dark Sakura.
So you go throughout the solar system from the moon to, uh, Pluto's moon, Charon, and
then you beat a boss robot, but then you can't go home.
Um, but yeah, all these infected robots, you have to shoot them and then stop the main
robot, blah, blah, blah.
Um, this is actually one of the games that made me really motion sick.
For, it was, um, it used, um, a wireframe map, but, um, it was only, like, around your
absolute position, so you, you know, as you'd move through it, it was, it, it's really hard
to describe.
And also, the thing that actually made me really motion sick about this one is that
you seem to always be tilting.
I mean, I'm not the only one who saw that, right?
So anyway, um.
I would play it spinning all the time.
I was in a constant barrel roll.
I could, I had a hard ass time controlling it.
Um, but, um, it was, it was actually, um, one of the, I think, harder games too.
It was real, it was a full 3D environment.
You had to increase your speed while using acceleration controls and, uh, directional
controls and different stuff.
You had to pretty much multitask the entire time you were playing.
So that was pretty difficult.
Um, it did have an 8-player LAN mode, um, and then, um, actually, I think there's even
still Descent servers up today.
Um, Descent 2, um, was, uh, actually supposed to be pretty much okay online too.
Um, there were 27 levels, um, in, and 3 secret levels in the first Descent.
You had, like, some of them were the moon, um, Venus, Mercury, um, parts of Mars, uh,
moons on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto, blah, blah, blah.
Um, so you would just show up in your different location when you started and you would have
your, um, shield energy, which was like your life.
Um, but you could, um, only, um, restore your shield through power-ups and it would only
go up to 200%.
Um, and if you finished the mission below 100%, your shield's charged to 100%, but on
the, but if you were above 100%, then it would stay where it was.
Like, if you were at 120, it would be at 120 when you start off.
Um, and you did have limited lives, unlimited in multiplayer, um, and when you respawn,
you start from the beginning, the beginning of the level.
So it was pretty, kind of crazy.
Um, it was originally DOS, um, for 386 PCs, uh, 33 megahertz, um, you play it on something,
you know, now, of course, it's gonna play like a dream, you know, if you can, of course,
find this doctor.
Yeah, you're gonna have to use one of those programs to slow, like, it would be too fast,
yeah, like a DOS emulator.
Um, there is a port- Or wait for WiiWare.
Yeah.
Um, there is a, uh, port for, uh, PlayStation, and there was one planned for Saturn that
never was released.
Um, so yeah, you can get, um, there's a shareware version of 94 that came out after Doom came
out, um, and you'd, like, we were saying you have to use a software renderer, um, but,
um, other than that, it was just, it- Just be prepared for a trip, because you gotta
fly upside down and all this stuff, you know, it's full 360 degrees, I mean, what's- The
way I kind of think of this game is it's, like, Doom without gravity, you know?
Yeah.
Well, and on top of that, the one thing that you're having to do is that the texture mapping,
um, goes every 32 pixels, so you deal with a lot of pop-up, especially if you're, actually,
if you don't have things set to emulate it just right, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And, um, the, uh, engine used for it is a, uh, portal rendering engine, so that, um,
you could connect different sectors, so, uh, that was pretty cool, um, and they've actually,
um, released the, uh, source code without the audio in 97, and actually the source code
for Descent 2 was released in 99.
Oh, wow.
So different expansions out, there's the Descent Mission Builder, uh, 95, uh, there was Descent
Levels of the World 95, Descent Anniversary Edition that had all the other add-ons, and
the extra levels that Parallax made, Descent on PlayStation, and Descent on WiiWare that's
coming out this fall.
Um, as far as anything that's related to, there was Descent Under Mountain, which was
an RPG that used the Descent Graphics engine, um, but wasn't really in it, and then there
was the clone Forsaken, do you remember that?
Yes, I do.
Was that the one that had the commercial?
Yeah.
The future's forsaken.
Yes, I remember that game.
And then, um, Descent Free Space The Great War was put out, um, by Volition in 98, but
it wasn't really a Descent game, I just shared the name.
Um, Volition was working on Descent 4, but it was cancelled in, um, 2000 because Descent
3 didn't sell that well, so, but it served as the basis for Red Faction.
Interesting.
So.
Alright.
That's it.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
I can't believe it, it's not Sega.
That's alright, no.
Hey!
No, it's a good game, this is a great pick.
I felt it was appropriate.
It's very, uh, news appropriate.
I love it.
So fair.
And it's a game I really enjoy, and I actually remember this one.
Oh god, this game made me so motion sick.
You know when I was saying that the Pixel ones never did?
This one actually?
Well it was really rudimentary 3D rendered.
It really was, it wasn't so sprite based, it was like, it really was 3D rendered.
It kind of looks like Mode 7 Hell.
Yeah.
Well except not as blurry.
Yeah.
But yeah, even watching it on YouTube is like, ugh.
Blur.
Alright.
There it is.
But do you not see what I mean by it feels like you're tilting all the time?
No, and the full 360 motion is kind of hell on the brain.
I get what you're saying.
Oh, yeah.
Alright.
Well we got plenty more coming up when we come back from a quick break here at Orange
Laundry Radio.
We're only halfway done if even that.
We're going to talk about some moving and shaking going on on the PlayStation Network.
We're going to talk about arcades, a major arcade chain going through some big changes.
And Capcom, apparently some big, big news leaking out of Capcom.
Someone's breaking embargo.
We will talk a little bit about that a little later on in the show.
But yeah, stay tuned.
We'll be right back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday, April the 18th of 2010.
It should be noted that it is the night before dark.
Sakura's birthday.
Birthday, birthday, birthday.
Yep.
So I'm doing whatever I want.
So happy birthday.
Early birthday.
Do you have to work tomorrow?
No.
I don't.
I asked for tomorrow off.
Nice.
That's the best birthday present you could possibly give yourself.
But guess what I have to do?
What?
Hang out at DMV.
Uh-oh.
Is tomorrow the day your license expires?
And I didn't schedule an appointment.
No.
No.
The thing that I was working on when you got here has been eating all my time.
Oh, I see.
That, and I was sick.
Sick.
That's a bummer.
Yeah.
I feel a lot better now.
Well, how do you feel about-
How about me smelling glue?
How do you feel about turning 21?
And now you'll actually be able to drink legally?
Just kidding.
All right.
You know, whoever guesses my age, if they shut up, then I will give them a prize.
All right.
I actually, you know what?
You know what?
I don't care if people know how old I am.
Okay.
You know how old I am?
How old?
I will be, as of 2 a.m., 34.
Congratulations.
34 years young.
34, and I still get carded for DVDs.
Rock.
There you go.
So, and I have to say, for all of you people who were in your late teens and 20s and are
whining, shut up.
It gets better at 30.
It really does.
It really does.
I was really dreading 30, but 30 has been awesome.
So far.
Seriously.
So far.
It's like-
Did you hear that, Loki?
Life gets better at 30.
How do you feel about that?
Loki's not 30 yet.
He shrugs.
Almost there.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, because it's sort of like you hit this level, like right when you were in
your early 30s, that's like all this little drama crap stops mattering.
Like, why was I worried about that?
Why do I care?
And it's like, okay.
So right.
The least that has to happen with me.
I stopped caring.
I don't know.
For me, I just found I got laid more in my 30s than I did in my 20s.
You know?
Just saying.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
No, I'm not.
All right.
I just want to wake people up and make sure people are really paying attention.
All right.
And there's, oh, everybody in chat is saying like, oh, I'm 27.
I'm 31.
I'm 23.
There you go.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for, where's, where's the, like, uh, God, don't we have like a 14 year old
that listens?
Cheeseburger.
How's cheeseburger?
Cheeseburger.
I think it's 15 now.
I think it's 14.
I was like, oh my gosh, your parents know what you're doing.
And then now what?
DS master's really young too, isn't he?
Yeah.
But you know what?
It's all good.
Well, and you know, and the reason I can, I can actually get away with saying this because
no matter how much you deny the whole, oh, I'm too old for the drama stuff when you're
in your twenties.
No, it still bites you.
I thought I was over it.
You're only as old as you feel.
Age ain't nothing but a number and a biological function.
All right.
Anyhow.
So let's get into some, uh, gaming news back to game news.
Uh, Loki.
Yes.
Quick, quick stuff.
A lot of, actually, believe it or not, I had a hard time kind of picking and choosing the
stories for tonight because there was actually a lot of good stuff to talk about.
So some of the stuff that we really should be spending like a long time talking about
got pushed to this segment.
So some quick stuff tonight.
Yeah.
So, uh, the PlayStation move, you may remember it has a controller.
That's sort of like the nunchuck, but not the nunchuck.
Well, anyways, um, this was recently discovered in FCC, um, trademark that the new controller
will be called the navigation controller.
So the navigation controller to the Sony move will be what the nunchuck is to the Wii remote.
Awesome.
Uh, and then apparently Lost Planet 2 is getting some more, um, secret guest characters that
you'll be able to, um, play as, including a man who has covered wars.
Uh, Frank West will be returning from Dead Rising, including a giant teddy bear backpack
that he will be, um, I guess carrying.
It's kind of really cute how the teddy bear holds his extra, you know, assault rifle.
Um, that's neat.
And then of course, um, there's going to be a guy from Monster Hunter as well.
Um, they're referring to him as the scaly knife gun dude, but, um, that's pretty cool
that they have all these, I love the fact that they gave Frank West to teddy bear, all
the Frank West and the mega man outfit would have been a plus, just saying, well, Hey,
we can dream.
Maybe they'll have alternate costumes or something later on, by the way, just real quick.
I don't mean to derail you low key, but I had to issue a correction here because this
is very important.
Cheeseburger is actually in chat right now wants to clarify he turned 16 on Valentine's
day, but he's been listening to OLR for four years.
So you do the math and I'm just like, Oh my God.
But then again, you know what, when I was 12 when I was your age cheeseburger, Oh God,
I'm that guy.
No, but for real, I was calling into BBSs on my modem when I was 12 and posting on message
forums and talking about tons of shit I a 12 year old shouldn't be like reading or talking
about.
But all I have to, I, I just hope your parents know it's an R rated show, but I don't think
we're a bad influence.
I like to think we teach you, you know, how to think for yourself and how to, uh, how
to write, write proper emails.
Yes.
You've got your grant.
Seriously, you've got politics, nutrition, um, speech, debate and grammar and hand-eye
coordination above all from video games.
All right.
Anyhow.
Sorry, Loki.
All right.
And then, um, other fun stuff we can be talking about here, of course, um, pillow fight girls,
a game that will be coming to the iPhone very soon.
And um, it features scanly clad women and having pillow fights.
Apparently it will be a lot of people actually, apparently it'll be a reprise of the 2007
Java hit sexy girls, but of course getting the more PG 13 rated, um, title pillow fight
girls.
Yeah.
Well that's because, uh, didn't, uh, Apple crack down on a lot of those borderline porn,
the soft core titles, if you will.
Yes.
But, uh, they are scanly clad and well endowed.
Well, there you go.
All right.
Pillow fight girls.
In other words, half naked and big boobed.
That's the more, I guess that was a politically correct way of saying, I don't like to be
politically correct.
I know you don't.
Another thing she teaches on this show, how to say it plain, uh, a little big planet too
might've been inadvertently confirmed.
Uh, that's because musician Christopher Leary, who go by, who goes by the pseudonym Ochere
announced on his Twitter.
Here we go.
Twitter breaking the news.
Again, his song infotain me has been licensed to Sony for little big planet too.
This is not the first time it's been accidentally mentioned that little big planet too exists.
Here's a clip by the way, what this song sounds like.
Let me skip in a little ways here and hearing this, it does sound very little big planet.
I could see this in like a watery level or something.
Well, here's the thing too, everyone's like, Oh my God, they're doing a sequel.
It could very well just be a big old dialogue content pet that they do and add like a whole
new story mode with levels and stuff because they've already said they're not doing a sequel,
but it doesn't mean they can't release a new level pack that basically has an entirely
new storyline to go with it with new features.
I think they could do a sequel.
They could get away with it and not look like jerks.
I think they've supported the first one so well that they honestly, the paintball gun,
the water, all of that could have been a sequel and I think they would have been able to justify
having that and selling, you know, the game for 40 bucks or whatever.
But uh, you know, I, if they're doing a true sequel with all new media molecule levels
and a couple of new elements, who knows what will be in it.
I think it's okay.
I'm not going to get mad at him for saying before they weren't going to do a sequel because
you know what?
I think they resisted the temptation long enough.
But again, I would hope that there's enough here to really justify that big two in front
of it.
But, um, I, you know, media molecule really didn't disappoint with the first game.
I have faith, but maybe that's just me.
Are you saying you would not support a little big planet to Loki?
No, sure.
I'd pick it up.
It was awesome.
I would too.
It was my favorite game in the year it came out.
So, all right.
This, uh, it might be a worth picking up too.
Super Mario Galaxy two.
Of course the first game was really amazing and I think a lot of people kind of forget
that like it's a really great Wii game.
Super Mario Galaxy two is on the way.
And of course Super Mario Galaxy brought us B Mario.
How rad was that?
Right?
B Mario was actually really cool.
Um, right up there with like Tanooki suit Mario, maybe not as cool as Tanooki suit Mario,
but almost.
Well, Super Mario Galaxy two is trying to up the cute and, uh, the memorable Mario forms.
Cloud Mario is going to be one of the new Mario forms in Super Mario Galaxy two.
So you mean he's going to be angsty and have a big sword and ride a big motorcycle club
thing?
No, not that cloud.
Like a happy fluffy cloud.
Like a Bob Ross cloud.
Bob Ross, Bob Mario.
Yes.
He's a Bob Mario cloud.
Bob Mario.
There you go.
Uh, he got like these white overall looking things on instead and, uh, what he can do
with this power, he creates cloud steps.
He walks on them and can get to out of the way places.
By the way.
Um, there's also a rock form Mario in case you forgot.
So there are some new forms of Mario coming to the game.
That sounds kind of cool.
Actually.
I gotta say cloud Mario makes me kind of think of metal Mario from Mario 64.
Hmm.
I forgot about middle.
All right.
This one's a little interesting.
This story and we could probably have a much longer discussion about this, but I thought
the quote was worth talking about here and it's something I don't think everybody's really
thought about and that is how do you handle in a game like Def Jam rap star, the N word
and you know, cause a lot of rap music uses that word.
There's a lot of people that aren't comfortable saying that word.
So how do you kind of address this in the development of your video game?
And there's this very interesting article and I'll give credit to Destructoid who I'm,
I'm actually reading this from and stealing the article on that tries to kind of tackle
this topic here of this.
Now Konami, Def Jam, 4MM games, all the people that went into producing this game, they're
using radio edits for the songs and the music videos and so forth.
So I think that way you kind of skirt around the issue.
But actually the N word is, is, is one that kind of shows up still.
So they put in dashes for most foul words.
But they find that when people are playing it and this, this, this guy who wrote the
article for Destructoid is talking about, you know, when I was playing it, I, I was
okay with saying when I saw F dash dash, I would say, fuck S dash dash, I would say shit.
When I saw N dash dash, I didn't really want to say that word.
And so the guy at Destructoid went to Jamie King, who is the chief creative officer for
4MM games and got this quote in return.
And I thought this was worth sharing because you really have to think like, how do you,
how do you, you know, there are some people that play rock band and even the rock band
uses the radio edits.
Some people don't want to sing the fuck and the, you know, the, the, they're in some of
the songs, right?
It actually made it really hard for me to sing a, a fallout boys song, um, the scene
is seen it's an arms race, right?
Cause I'm, so you're just singing it in the car on the radio that I just automatically
enter.
I'm like, it's throwing me off.
It's scoring me down.
So anyway, here's a quote I wanted to share.
We don't have ownership of that word as white people of that word.
I think that word does come up and that is perhaps a word where with the radio edits,
there is an opportunity to not say it.
We certainly don't make it a central part of the story or the career mode.
That is a very personal decision in that point in time, regardless of race, creed, and color
as for how you use that word in the context of the song, obviously these artists are using
it.
They've empowered it and own it to just shy away and be frightened doesn't mean we should
abuse it.
And hopefully I think we've treated it in a respectful manner, the way all these artists
and their content in their work would expect us to very well thought out point on, on what
is a very tricky otherwise issue.
I just still like what Chris Rock said about it.
What?
So if you're, if you're a white person in your car listening to Dre, go ahead, say it,
go ahead and sing your Dre.
But no, um, well I told you about, and actually I found a comedian recently, I think it was
Brian Reagan, but back when I was hanging out with somebody else, we used to just go
around doing the white version.
Yeah.
Right, right.
And it was, we just did it because we thought the whole thing was, was kind of ridiculous
and funny.
So, well, I mean the, or the origin, but now being pulled into common usage, there's only
thing that's fine to take something and you know, take something that was, you know, made
for, well, okay, here's another example to rephrase better.
The triangle, the big gay triangle.
You know where that came from?
I do.
That came from, uh, the concentration camps in Germany.
The triangle was used to denote that they were in a concentration camp for being gay,
but now it's a symbol of pride, right?
So I say that if you can take something that was a sign of, you know, oppression or disrespect
and make it something that you can, you know, to bind everyone together, say, hey, this
is where we came from, this is us now, then I have no problem with it.
I actually would be bothered if it was taken out of the game used in that context.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Well, that's all I had.
No, no, it's, it's, I thought the quote was worth sharing.
It's a touchy, tricky subject, but I thought it was a well thought out quote, especially,
you know, with game design, sometimes you have to approach these, it's just interesting
that a freaking video game, you have these sometimes very deep cultural questions that
you kind of realize like, oh, I'm going to have a lot of people paying attention to this
game.
How do we kind of approach this tricky topic?
Yeah.
You know, and that might go, and that's not just with words necessarily, but maybe images
and violence and, you know, sex and whatever else.
I say it comes down to this.
If you don't like it, don't play the game.
Fair enough.
All right.
Sorry, I didn't mean to make a long topic out of a short story.
No, no, but I, I, I'm glad that you brought that one up.
All right.
No problem.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, I got stuff.
Um, Rock Band, we, um, no, not only, um, but it's actually stuff that makes me very happy
because it's a bunch of stuff that I like.
There's, um, go heat in Cambria pack coming out with, with guns of summer, the, the, the
guns of summer, we, um, here we are juggernaut and the broken, um, the pack for, uh, 440
points.
Um, well, Microsoft points, um, or 200, we points each are 160 Microsoft points each.
And then, um, individual traffic, traffic tracks guy, I can't tell today are all songs
that I like.
There's Susie and the Banshees, peekaboo fuck yes.
We needed more Susie and the Banshees on a rock band.
There's a three pack out there, but peekaboo was like their biggest mainstream song.
I think.
So I'm kind of surprised that wasn't in the first group, um, super grass, sun hits the
sky.
I love super grass.
Um, and the violent femmes, American music and the ones that are going to be on Lego
rock band, our guns of summer, the broken and a sun hits the sky, the super grass song.
Also more stuff.
Um, Lord of Ultima, um, is, uh, the, the browser version MMO.
Oh, sure.
Let me get away from the glue.
Sure.
Sure.
She's like, what's this glue?
Sniff, sniff, sniff.
Uh, don't like it.
Um, but there is a beta, um, on for this, so you could play it, but it's coming out
a week.
So whatever.
Um, but it's, uh, Lord's of Ultima coming out April 20th, Tuesday.
Oh, that's not a week.
That's a couple of days.
Anyway.
Also iPhone games, uh, Street Fighter four gets a new challenger.
You get Kami for free Kami in her butt.
That's it for free.
Is that, are they doing like a version upgrade or something?
I guess it must be interesting.
All right, well let's go to the Twitter and uh, every week we take your Twitter topics.
You can follow us on Twitter at O L R and send us messages and uh, we post little reminders
about when the show is posted and when we're going to go live and uh, sometimes especially
the real big time to be following O L R on Twitter is when we're at shows because we
will like post pictures and take questions and I remember last E3 I was just like, okay
Twitter people, what do you want to, what do you want to see today?
And I uh, let people basically, I was everybody's bitch on the internet.
It was fun.
Good times.
Anyway, let's go to the Twitter questions and uh, see what you guys have for us tonight.
Not a whole lot, but some good stuff.
The shadow sniper on Twitter says, what's a good 32 inch HDTV for gaming max $550.
So he's setting kind of a lowish limit, but I'm assuming maybe shadow sniper has saved
enough money that maybe they want to go purchase a TV.
I'm making a guess.
I have a 52 inch, um, I think mine's a Samsung.
So and we got ours for about 1200 so do the math.
You can find, you know, a good, you know, 20 something, 30 something inch for around
there.
Right.
Samsung makes good stuff.
I also, I wouldn't, well, I would say, I can't tell you like a brand name and whatever right
off the top of my head, but let me give you a few things to look for because you're shopping
on the cheap end of things, a couple of things to look out for.
There's a lot of HD TVs that are sold, but they're only 720 P and that's fine.
It's a good quality picture, but just keep in mind it's not 10 80 P or it's not even
10 80 I, my TV, however, is 10 80 I only and it works just fine.
Like I don't, like there's been some times where I'm like, Oh, I should get a 10 EP,
but then I'm like, why?
It's not really going to be that big a difference.
You know, there's no difference.
So I've had, I have both, but do you think there's a difference between seven 20 and
10 80?
See, I would say that you could probably tell a little bit, it looks a little blurry or
it's not quite as, you know, um, Chris, but 10 80 I and 10 AP, if seriously, if you're
flipping between the two, you'd never be able to tell the difference.
Uh, I think ours is a 10 80 P, but you know, again, SSJ 100 Matt says, all I can say is
don't get a Phillips and get a warranty.
Ziba in our chat says, Vizio is cheap and okay.
I have a Vizio and I got it from a Costco, which I think is a great place to buy TVs.
You know, they've revoked the, the constant return.
I heard, well, people were probably abusing the hell out of it.
I was like, what took them so long?
I'm glad that we got our TV.
They still have some, they still have some type of return policy, don't they?
Yeah, but it's not the free returns for life, a free upgrades for life pretty much.
Yeah.
So that's good.
I'm glad they got rid of that.
They needed to.
All right.
Uh, oops.
I was looking to let you put it this way.
Um, Oh, wait, shadow sniper sent us that tweet twice and I got thrown off.
Sorry.
Oh yeah.
Look, you know, I was going to say, um, refurbished stuff also is not bad.
We had a, our first HDTV was a refurbished, uh, I don't remember what brand it was now,
but I think make sure it's factory refurb, right?
Yeah.
It was factory referred, but the only really difference between that and the current model
is it didn't have an HDMI port, which I could care less cause I don't really use it.
Um, I do now I use it on my PlayStation three because I just don't want to have to swap
HD, uh, components stuff, but I mean, you could, if you really want to, you could get
like a converter for that, but it's not a big deal.
But um, you know, we got ours, I think is for $800 a while back, but you know, I've
now have a Sony, a 40 inch, um, uh, Bravia, I think it's not bad.
Shadow sniper.
I hope you're in chat.
I don't see your name unless you're on something else in chat, but there's like all the chatters
are jumping in here.
Uh, cheeseburger says I got a 24 inch as Seuss from new egg.
It's 10 ADP and I love it for gaming.
Dude.
You're 16.
How did you get that?
He must have a job already.
I don't know.
Or, or got some money from the parents.
I don't know.
Uh, act F says 32 inch.
You're not going to notice a difference.
And Weiland says I have a 10 ADP, 42 inch sharp.
I got it for $500.
Whew.
Maybe I need to get in the market for a new TV now.
Here you go.
I've had mine for a while.
Um, they have a viewsonic 32 inch 1080p LCD HDTV on new egg for $499.99, $40 for shipping.
And Sharon says I'm still running the same SDTV I have for five years.
It does what it needs to.
Or actually they also have another Toshiba that's our Toshiba one that's actually also
10 ADP, $5 shipping though on that one.
So I'd say that's probably the, uh, the best, uh, or cheapest one you're gonna find.
Actually let me, let me get into some of the, Loki's just shopping on newegg.com.
Check it out.
Uh, the other thing too is actually watch, um, sellout.woot.com.
Oh yeah.
And Woot.
Oh yeah.
Woot will have some good TVs.
It's $5 shipping.
Exactly.
$5 shipping.
That's where I need to buy a new TV is woot.com honestly.
Keep an eye out.
Okay.
We've got to get some other tweets.
One last little one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Best Buy.
Uh huh.
Look in their returns.
A lot of times stuff's brought back because it's just dinged on the side or something.
If you don't care about what it looks like on the outside of it, you can get a good deal.
We got our refrigerator for like 300 bucks off and our dryer for like two thirds the
cost.
Oh wow.
Because they were just dinged.
Awesome.
So.
Uh, Surtur on our Twitter says, playing Harvest Moon Friends of Mineral Town on my GBA, waiting
for Harvest Moon Hero of Leaf Valley to come out on the PSP.
I guess that's a little bit of his gaming week right there.
Harvest Moon.
I'm surprised that's a series I didn't get more into.
I don't know.
Uh, Tiger Claw says there's some links on Twitter.
Uh, this one was originally in the show roll and I bumped it for something else that I
wanted to talk about more.
Uh, it was about No Doubt.
And uh, apparently No Doubt, uh, they have won the first few um, skirmishes in the battle
with Activision.
Uh, I guess Activision wanted the thing thrown out of court because it was a lawsuit without
merit.
But guess what?
The Los Angeles County Superior Court.
They ruled in favor of No Doubt.
So they rejected the shift to a federal court and rejected Activision's, uh, efforts to
try and put free speech in, uh, free speech injunctions involved.
I, I'm kind of not surprised by that move.
I think, uh, No Doubt could have a very good argument here.
It's going to be very interesting to see how it plays out.
I'd really love to see the contract they signed.
I mean, without being able to read that, I, I, it's hard for me to take sides in this.
So it's very interesting to see what's going to happen in court of law.
Also I think worthy of mention, Tiger Claw sends this on Twitter.
Starcraft 2, this is a very recent news.
Starcraft 2 has been given an adults only rating in South Korea.
That, you know, if a game gets an adults rating over here, only rating over here, it can be
kind of damning.
Uh, they, Blizzard was shooting for an over 12 rating in the country.
Originally they had been assigned an over 15.
They sent a newer build of the game or something and now they got adults only.
No word on why.
Uh, joke all you want about the addiction level of the game, seeing as this is South
Korea, but I don't think that plays a part in it.
So, um, it might, it could, I don't know, but Blizzard's going to appeal it of course,
and they'll probably get their way.
I mean, it's that the release of that game is going to be like a cultural event over
there.
I mean, it's, it's, it's on the scale of a, I don't know, what are the huge releases here?
Modern Warfare, Halo, Final Fantasy type release, obviously, um, Spassinator says, uh, I guess
for tonight's show, the show has been renamed orange bra radio, huh?
Maybe that's what we need to sell.
Dark soccer.
We should look into that.
Bras that are orange for the lady fans of the show with OLR right on the cups.
All right.
All right.
Uh, red entertainment says, uh, is there a reason why Activision hasn't created their
own bank in real life?
Sure.
It might be illegal, but that hasn't stopped companies before, uh, creating their own bank.
Do you mean like buying all their stock and there's, there's antigen.
I don't know.
I think he's being silly, but I don't know if I really get the joke, uh, sponge twang
says to us on Twitter, let DS master 26 know I would take him up on his DDR perfect attack
challenge.
LOL.
I only have access to songs on supernova too.
Well, you guys, you might want to try to find each other on Twitter and, uh, just YouTube
the battle.
That's all we need.
Uh, did your Rama S is sending us a message saying, I don't remember you guys saying that
the slim X-Box three 60 was a fake.
I don't remember saying it either cause I thought it was actually a definitely a plausible
idea.
I don't think it's fake.
I don't think it's fake either.
Was it proven fake this week or something?
I didn't see it.
It was.
I missed it.
No, I don't think I haven't seen anything.
I it's real.
I mean, seriously, if something did happen, it'll be in chat soon.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into some other gaming news.
Uh, Loki.
Yeah.
I was going to say it's, it's definitely happy.
Um, one thing that is not happening though would be PlayStation room.
What is room?
You may ask because you might've forgotten since they haven't really mentioned anything
other than what it was teased.
I think.
I don't remember if it was Tokyo game show.
I think it was Tokyo game shows where they showed it off anyways.
Uh, PlayStation room was sort of like home is like a social networking service that was
going to be available for the PSP where he had little characters or avatars that kind
of look like almost like, uh, me's or your avatars that you have on, um, on Xbox live.
But um, apparently it, uh, finished the Japanese only closed beta and they decided that they're
going to cease development on the service.
So Oh, well, I guess that's not coming.
They just pulled the plug because there just wasn't gonna be enough interest in it or too
many resources or home didn't take off the way they wanted it to or why?
Because they're going to save it for the next nail PlayStation portable platform.
That's a darn good thought.
I bet that's really it.
Uh, by the way, Rama wanted to clarify his tweet.
He sent us a link to a news article on xbox.com talking about the recent Xbox 360 slim images
are fake and it shows a picture of a reported Xbox 360 slim and it's just an HD DVD player
tilted the wrong way.
Okay.
That's fair enough.
Yeah.
That picture is obviously fake, but that's not the same picture that came up on the show
a couple of weeks ago, so it might be disputing this story is a fake, but I think pictures
are not.
I still think the concept of the xbox 360 slim and just some of the things that were
being talked about at that time, I think are certainly still plausible, although certainly
there are going to be many websites out there that claim to have it even though they don't
cause they're lying liars.
I wouldn't lie to you guys.
I have to make a comment from a Weiland because I posted a picture, um, one of the people
I follow on deviantart, um, did, uh, a picture of Deadpool singing his own theme song, the
Spiderman theme song, and he said that Deadpool needs to be a Marvel versus Capcom three.
I agree.
And they need to get the people who did his stuff on Mugen to, to make him.
All right.
So I have to agree to that.
All right.
Well, uh, let's talk about more PlayStation news and this is actually really important.
Uh, PlayStation news, they usually do the network updates on Thursdays.
That is actually going to be changing.
And the theory is that this is actually part of the response to, um, actually why the Xbox
does their releases.
Uh, here's the deal.
The American and European PlayStation store updates, they are moving starting in May to
new days and PlayStation network in North America will now be Tuesdays.
In Europe it will be now on Wednesday.
Uh, kind of interesting.
Uh, I think there are people out there that might buy games on Microsoft just because
they can get them two days before they do on PS3.
Do you think that that's true?
Loki, that there's people out there that buy games on 360 simply because you can get it
like a two days before?
No.
Really?
I doubt it.
Really?
It's just basically forum bragging rights.
That's about it.
Huh?
We eat the game earlier than you do.
That's basically it.
I think there is a small, it's small, but I think there's a group of people out there
that knowing they can get the game, the game, the game a day sooner on the PS3 will opt
to get it on the PS3.
Yeah.
And well, I guess they would be able to say, Hey, you know, you can get the game here first.
You know, they can use that tagline or whatever.
Hmm.
Well, there you go.
The updates are moving to be a little more competitive with Microsoft, although they
didn't say that of course in the update, but I'm sure they were like, Oh, we're doing it
because we want to be earlier.
I didn't watch the video of the release.
All you need to know is that it's moving two days back and, and now it's going to get very
interesting to see if that changes sales figures or not.
We'll see.
Hey Rob.
What's that?
Um, who was it that just posted that?
Um, Ziba?
Yes.
Put a deals.woot link in for a 42 inch, 10 ADP LCD HDTV with three HDMI inputs refurbished
for $549.99.
Really?
Yep.
Hold on.
I'm looking at this right now.
Is it still like $5 shipping?
It's Phillips.
We were warned.
We were warned about Phillips.
I don't know.
And I'm going to tell everybody, whenever you're going through any of these sites and
everything, no, no, there were a few people who actually said they recommended that it
was great.
Um, but always, always check consumer reports before you buy anything.
Good idea.
Especially before you spend that kind of money.
Yeah.
Free shipping even.
Interesting.
It's tempting.
There's people on here who said they did a good job with it.
Interesting.
I don't have to think about it.
It's very anti Phillips though, I'll have to hear more about his story before I had
decided to do it.
But thank you Zeba.
I appreciate you looking out.
Kiss, kiss.
And there's a $10 coupon off for, um, at buy.com.
We'll see.
I don't, I really, honestly, guys, I shouldn't be spending money on a TV.
You know what I really need to buy?
A new car.
And let's not even start that debate because everybody's going to try to sell me a different
car.
I am pretty sure I know what car I'm getting.
Um, I just have to, uh, go get it, which hopefully will be soon.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Sakura.
Other stuff.
Dun, dun, dun.
Um, this is actually really sad news.
Um, Sega has made a business decision and they are closing half of their GameWorks arcades
that, um, they, uh, are, you can't, no more good beer, no more good, God, they had good
food.
Um, they're not saying which exactly ones are going to be closing, but, um, they're
going to be, uh, closing, uh, seven, actually, well, less than half, but just under half,
seven of the 15 locations.
Some of them being Minneapolis, Long Beach, Columbus, Detroit, Indianapolis, Miami, and
Tampa.
But Seattle will live.
In theory.
Well, this, I'm sorry, but this news story calls for a little bit of sad trombone.
There you go.
Yeah, that's, that puts sadness into my heart.
Well, it is sad.
Arcades closing is sad.
Whatever.
I mean, I honestly feel like just when the past, like the lifespan of our show, we have
literally watched arcades die.
You know what I mean?
It's, it is sad.
It is sad trombone.
It's worse than sad trombone.
It's sad elephone.
It's sad tuba.
Yes.
It's just, I don't know, it's just unfortunate.
Because you know, we all met at the arcade.
I don't know if the show would happen if we had all met on Xbox live or something different.
You know, it's just, it's just sad that arcades are closing down.
I mean, it's not a surprise.
I hate that the arcades that we've met at is still open.
It is, but it's, but it's different now.
You know, you go over there, it's just not the same.
I haven't been there in years.
It's weird.
So all right, well, sorry to hear about the GameWorks closing.
More sorry to hear about the people who lose their jobs because of it.
That's the other big rumor.
Sad banana phone.
That's right.
Sad banana phone.
All right.
Low key.
That would be what, the banana phone song in a minor key?
Maybe.
I've never heard, actually, is there a sad banana phone?
Like you two, I don't have to hear this.
No, Rob.
So apparently the MPD numbers for March are out, and people are declaring Red Steel 2
a flop.
Apparently the game only sold 50,000 copies in its opening month.
Okay, let's stop it right there.
Yeah, they sold 50,000 copies in the first, what, 12 days that it was out?
14 days?
So I wouldn't exactly call it a flop, but it is kind of on par with the other, the other
Wii mature games, I guess, are out there, even though it is teen rated, but still.
I can confirm, though, it had, it did sell about 50,000 copies.
It was like 49,000 and change, but I don't think it's actually going to be a flop, per
se, because I know copies are still being sold, and also, you know, it might be something
people are picking up a little bit later on.
I know the first Red Steel apparently sold over 100,000 copies in its first week, although
that you can attribute to the fact that the Wii just launched, and so everybody's picking
up games for it, and Red Steel 1, you know, had the promise of being, you know, kind of
what Red Steel 2 is, so I wouldn't say that's really a good comparison either, but definitely
it has been the trend that hardcore games, like Red Steel, haven't done well on the Wii,
so we'll see if maybe this will break the mold.
I guess it is probably too early to declare it a flop, but do you think there will be
a Red Steel 3, or is it just too early to tell, period?
Oh yeah, I'm sure there will be, and you know, here's the thing, it's like, the same thing
happened with DJ Hero, where they're like, oh, it didn't sell, you know, for shit, and
they really only had like, what, a week worth of data to go off of, so you have to just
look at the amount of time that's, you know, passed, and where it's coming out in the month.
If it came out, say, in the first week in March, then it would be a different story.
Then yes, it would be almost a month, well, it would be over a month that had passed,
but those numbers would be reflecting at least most of the month, and yeah, that would be
a flop, but seeing that it came out kind of at the end of the month, I wouldn't really
call it a flop yet, but once the April NPD numbers come out, then you can call it a flop.
Alright, I don't think this is a flop.
This sounds like it's going to be the truth, at least this website is placing all their
stock into it.
Planetxbox360.com is running a report saying that their tipster, who's been right 19 out
of 20 times, I like to know the one they were wrong on, but the tipster is saying that Capcom
had its captivate press event over in Hawaii this past weekend, and apparently what was
being shown at the event, well, final builds of Lost Planet 2 and Dead Rising 2, which
is to be expected, but there were also some surprise announcements that happened at this
event that you just haven't heard about yet, for whatever reasons, probably because the
journalists are still coming back, or they are-
Embargoes.
Yeah, embargoes for a certain day, absolutely, that's probably what's going on, because you
know why they do embargoes?
Well, I'll get into that rant in a minute.
Yeah.
First off-
I know why they do embargoes.
Yeah, there's two reasons they do embargoes.
We'll get into that in a minute, but first, the leaks that they're talking about, Marvel
vs. Capcom 3 is supposedly going to be one of the games that comes out of this, running
at a full 720p, actually, they have a little teaser art, I don't see Deadpool, but I can
see-
No, that's not-
Oh, duh, they wouldn't have the art, they would have to, yeah, of course, duh duh.
But anyway, it's gonna be a disc-based game, it is not Xbox Live Arcade, it is not PSN,
it is full 720p for the games, which is typical for video games, apparently they spotted a
Marvel employee at the event, the Twitter account for Marvel vs. Capcom popped back
up recently, yeah, I mean, it all kinda seems like this is going on, they are just saying
they're gonna blow fans out of the water with the sheer number of characters the game includes
on the disc.
It will be a 2D game, but think Street Fighter IV, like, Street Fighter IV had its 3D elements.
As far as that goes, I can't see how that is not true, because, I mean, Capcom has been
awesome at sucking the fanboy wank for the past couple years now, I mean, think about
it.
Think about the projects that Capcom's done, oh, we should do a Street Fighter IV that's
a little more inspired by Street Fighter II and it's like 2D, but, okay, is that what
you want, guys?
You got it.
Oh, you want a new Mega Man game that's just like Mega Man 2 and the old school games you
love on the NES?
Okay, guys, you got it.
What?
You want us to remake Bionic Commando and make it all souped up for Xbox Live- oh, okay,
you crazy kids, you got it.
Like, really, I mean, hasn't Capcom almost more so than any other company as of late
been like, fanboy wank, you want it, you got it?
Well, because they know if there's a cry for it, people are gonna spend money on it.
Exactly, and what is the next thing people have been crying for?
Marvel versus Capcom.
And the only reason people say it's not happening is because of agreements and deals and Marvel
and da-da-da, but when Marvel's got all these movies they wanna do, right?
What better time?
Especially with Iron Man 2 coming out soon.
You know who I want in it?
Howard the Duck.
Maybe it's an unlockable character.
Howard the Duck's a Marvel character, and he knows quack-fu.
Dark Tetsuya says, uh, so more than the 56 that were in Marvel vs. Capcom 2, holy fuck.
I guess so, if this is to be believed.
I don't know.
I mean, I, again, it seems very logical, and why not.
Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 also being shown at the press event, apparently.
There I guess is not much about this.
There was just a trailer that was shown, but apparently they're saying there will be more
at E3 2010, but the big, big announcement was Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
So there you go.
I guess you'll hear more about it this week.
Now, do we wanna go onto the topic of Embargos and why you're not hearing about this right
now?
Please do.
Keep in mind, these journalists went to Hawaii.
They didn't pay to go to Hawaii.
Capcom paid for them to come out and go to Hawaii just to go to this event, and it probably
wasn't just the event, but there was probably some, like, hoo-ha fancy dinners and luaus
and all these other things that come with it, and, I mean, I don't know, there's a part
of me that's kinda like, wow, that's almost, I don't know.
You almost have to, you're gonna have to take reviews of these games with a grain of salt.
Well, there's something also here, I'd just like to point this out, because this was on
JoySig.
It was a little kind of note at the bottom.
It says, editor's note, JoySig is not attending Captivate this year.
We determined that the perceived environment and the associated downtime of the event was
not in accordance with our editorial policy.
We expected to provide complete coverage of all the Capcom titles shown at Captivate during
E3 this June, and then for more information on our policies, they have a link, and basically,
I actually read through their policies where they don't keep any of the promotional stuff
that they give them the kind of, you know, wet the whistle, I guess, you know, just to
make...
And they won't take trips and so forth.
They won't take trips or anything, so...
I can respect that.
I actually, I can respect that policy quite a bit, you know, and it's interesting because
they ran the same story, right, about the leaks, and now they're not, and they're not
held to any type of embargo because they didn't go to the event.
But it's very interesting because, I don't know how much we should say about this, but
the three of us, I believe all three of us, once went to a press event for a company,
and we won't say who, but we went to this press event and it was embargoed, meaning
we couldn't talk about it until, I believe, two days after the event.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to say it was two days after.
And we were like, okay, fine, that gives us the time to kind of prep what we want to do
on it, and we want to do extensive coverage on some of these things that we saw at the
event.
And the next day, big websites like oneup.com, I want to say GamePro, IGN, they all were
suddenly running stories on certain games shown at this event, but each website was
showing one different game.
And we were kind of sitting here going, well, why did we do those embargoes then?
And it just, you know, kind of the realization was that, oh, these guys probably had sold
exclusive deals with these companies to get the first coverage on the game, because you
know that if IGN is the first one that's going to run a news story on let's make something
up, Capcom, Resident Evil, let's say Resident Evil 6 is announced, IGN has an exclusive
deal to announce Resident Evil 6.
The deal is they'll say what the company wants them to say, and they'll get hits from it.
It's kind of shady, this stuff that goes on.
Or they'll allow them to say later on, get a good deal on placing those giant splash
ads that cover the entire background of their front page or something like that.
Yeah, it's shady, but that's how the big boys do it.
Yeah, well that's why I'm perfectly fine with our show being off the radar, even if we suffer
in the number of listeners because of it, although if a game company wanted to fly me
to Hawaii to check out their game schedule, I'm not going to say no.
I don't think we have that same editorial policy, but I think the general understanding
is that we're going to be honest at the end of the day, period.
But I can see where people might be like, oh, but you getting all this lavish treatment,
you're going to have a biased opinion on the game.
And that's why Joystiq has the policy they do.
Not really, I can't imagine.
I don't either.
I've gone to events and seen games and said, you know what, they need to work on it.
We've gone to Konami events, and there's a lot of stuff that we've been pretty negative
about.
That's why we're not invited to Konami events anymore, probably.
You know what?
Until you stop going to IGN4U News and until you stop going to the very first website that
cracks all this information, this trend will continue, period.
So I'll bet you what?
I bet you some website beats the others to the punch on this news, assuming it turns
out to be true, which again, I'm sure it is.
This would make perfect sense for Capcom, period.
This is more of a will Marvel let them do it question and answer.
This is rumored to be revealed in a few weeks anyway, so.
That's true.
It was already going around.
Oh, now some people are bringing up the whole Adartetsuya saying, I'm sure they were buying
the 10s.
They were going to give in their review.
That kind of references the whole, um, oh God, what was it?
It was a game.
Kane and Lynch.
Yes.
Kane and Lynch and GameSpot.
And the guy ended up leaving over it and Gerstmann.
Oh man.
Oh man.
What a mess.
Act.
F wanted to reiterate that Kotaku has a similar policy.
I just, I missed it.
Okay.
I've been gone all weekend, but I'm sure there's lots of websites that have very similar policy.
So then my question would be who went, I don't know, not everybody can be trusted.
Somebody blabbed their mouth.
The planet.
I didn't see anybody saying, Hey, we're going to captivate and we'll be talking about it
because it's embargo.
They can't say they're going well.
Big Capcom news.
As soon as I get home from Hawaii, anyhow.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, we're going to get to the mailbag every week.
You guys send us emails, mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and we would like to crack
open the mailbag and read them here on the air.
Mailbag at orange lounge radio.com dark Sakura dive in the mailbag head first.
Pull out some emails.
You know what, Rob though?
I have to say, you know what?
It sounded like you said you have to crap out.
I did some of this is what you said.
Why don't you crap out some emails star Sakura.
How about you bite my butt, Rob?
Not if you're going to crap out emails.
You're the one who brought up crap.
Okay.
Dear OLR crew, long time, no email.
So I figured I would chime in my thoughts regarding the shutdown of halo two Xbox life
support.
Really.
I'm not that sad to buy it.
Seeing how I've already moved on from the game, occasionally playing halo three online,
but the enjoyment I got out of halo two actually wasn't from the online play.
I remember back in the day when me and my friends used to schedule a halo party where
everyone would bring a TV in their systems and play via system link.
It was a freaking blast.
You know, we used to do that Dan's bachelor party was a halo land party using the system
link.
Wouldn't it be nice?
What would be nice is if bungee made a halo two map for halo map pack for halo three because
honestly the maps in halo three are boring in comparison, at least for me.
Oh, how I long through the headshots on coagulation and the headlong once more.
Thanks for reading Ospher.
P.S. here's a link to a simple but really moving YouTube that you can watch in your
own time.
It's a simple walk through the multiplayer maps the game set to songs from the halo two
soundtrack.
Ah, memories.
You know, I'm such a bad, bad, bad gaming journalist.
This is why I don't go to Hawaii.
I forgot that the Xbox closure was this week, but to be fair, there wasn't anything I was
playing regularly on Xbox.
I mean, yeah.
Halo two I used to play back in the day, but most of the guys that used to play that together
with me have kind of moved on to just other games in general, you know, be at halo three
or what have you.
So yeah, that's right.
I forgot to shut down this week.
Don't say fuck halos and thrills in.
All right.
Well, what bite my butt.
You get trout slapped.
All right.
Um, but the halo two, the guy, the emailer Ospher writes says, uh, why don't they do
halo two maps on halo three?
You do have to kind of wonder now the halo two is done and gone and what have you, as
far as Xbox live goes, there's gotta be something they're going to do.
And I know there's that rumor that, Oh, halo two will be an Xbox live arcade title.
And of course there's those that saying, well, if you really want to play halo two, just
system land it or play it on PC, but you got to wonder how they're going to kind of toss
out the bone, if you will, to the halo two fans.
And I think putting out the maps and halo three is actually a really good idea, especially
if you can somehow put in the halo two rules, I don't know.
Or you just let it die.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Maybe.
But, uh, yeah.
Rest in peace Xbox live on regular Xbox, but I am so welcome to now my friends list will
hopefully very soon.
I don't know when this is rolling out, but hopefully in the next couple of months after
E3, I will be able to have a friends list with over a hundred people because I feel
really bad because I have to delete people because new people will want to add me and
I'm like, Oh yeah, I really want to have you on my list shit, but I have a hundred friends.
Okay. Who hasn't signed on in the past two weeks?
I think I'm the studio's 54 of, uh, of Xbox live cause I'll just delete people because
I've decided that they're not elite enough.
I just, I'm kidding.
I just, I feel bad.
If you're an OLR listener and I deleted you, I'm really, really sorry.
It's just my list is full and I really, I am, but just people I know in real life and
actually see outside of, you know, the internet get precedence, they get preference.
But as soon as Xbox ups the limit, open season again.
I promise you can all at me and I'll add you back.
Excuse me.
All right.
And this person's doing this just to annoy me.
So thank you for messing with me.
Um, yo, OLR, what up?
This sentience is for number four, dark Sakura to read because I'm a bad enough dude to type
like dis grammar and all around linguistics is not my for, not me forte anyway on serious
business.
I have a question for Loki.
Is it possible to hook up mix slash soundboard up to an Xbox 360 controller and play sound
clips over Xbox live?
Cause when I play call of duty or any game with multiplayer in it, you're usually dealing
with 12 year olds that one out of every two words that come out of their mouth is something
not pleasant.
Don't get me wrong.
I love expletives.
Like the fuck show was funny as shit, but not racial slurs or other bigotry.
If I can get a soundboard, I would download a bunch of sounds and just fuck with people.
Only dickheads though.
Anyway, I got to go watch all the new stuff they added on Netflix like firefly.
I heard it was really good until it was canceled.
Well, bye bye.
Duh money 125 and yeah, firefly is excellent.
Watch the whole thing.
They aired it out of order and they did it.
They just treated it badly and then watch the movie seriously.
Um, PS, this email is brought to you by orange knowledge radio, your number one source for
news, previews, reviews, and talk for all things halo.
Just kidding.
Um, isn't that ironic considering the past email we just got?
I know, right?
LOLWTF.
LOL.
I don't know.
Loki, can you hook up a soundboard to, uh, the Xbox controller?
Yeah, of course.
Again, um, all you would need to do is basically just get the right, um, connector to plug
into your, you know, Xbox 360 controller, um, to out, you know, he'd basically just
be running a cord for your PC or whatever.
I guess PC probably be the easiest and a rain into your controller.
Um, and you just need, uh, some sort of headset adapter and they actually do have, uh, one
of those I think available.
I'm looking here right now.
It looks like in tech made one of those, although I'm not sure if that just plugs, uh, converts
it to any headset or what, uh, that mean we could broadcast our show on Xbox live.
Like we can start an Xbox live party and then invite people in and we could actually broadcast
our show.
You can only have so many people in your party though.
It's like four or something.
I wish there was a way exclusive.
Could we, could we like get, just get in a halo match and just stand there or stand where
no one can, can shoot us somehow and just do our show on red versus blue style possible.
I think this though would work.
Um, I'm not positive.
It says it's an Xbox 360 headset adapter from in tech.
It says allow you to plug in any, um, uh, 2.5 millimeter Jack plug, um, and I think
I got, I don't remember, you know, what size, uh, uh, Jack plugs there are for different
things.
Um, I'm sure though, seriously though, you can probably go online or even to like radio
shack or something like that and just basically bring your controller with you and you can
probably find some sort of an adapter.
Or if you want, use this adapter with a converter to convert it to the correct, um, size that
you need.
So, um, and it does have like a volume and mute controls on there as well.
So if you want to shut it off, so you know, you're not bugging everybody, you can do that.
Hmm.
I've wanted to do that as well cause I think it'd be funny just to play stuff over live,
but uh, some people don't like that.
That's actually not the only way you can do that.
There's another way you can actually do it, um, and I've seen it happen and I was going
to call somebody to talk about it, but they're testing, I'll come back to this.
I want to come back to this topic in just a minute.
So DarkSakura, do the next email.
Oh, we only have one more email.
Okay.
So, um, moving forward, and haha, funny to money.
Rob said something like, most DS owners are kids, and this is by the way from Robaba.
At first I thought, no, but if you really think about it, what is the most kid friendly
game console around?
By kid friendly, think about these factors and not the M ratings.
1.
You can put it in your pocket.
PSP Go and the iPhone slash iPod touch are the only others.
The DS is the only system that protects its own screen without peripherals.
Very pocket friendly.
2.
Kids are destructive.
Part 1.
The portable system will probably get destroyed or lost at some point, which is the cheapest
to replace, hence its initials are DNS.
3.
Kids are destructive.
Part 2.
The games are solid state chips as opposed to UMDs.
UMDs get crushed easily, whereas the DS chips survive most falls and step-ons.
4.
Parents are cheap.
Most of the cheap games are on the DS.
I'm still waiting for Imagine Having Fun.
5.
DS has buttloads of simpler games for the very young.
I have to admit I used these priorities to pick a DS over the PSP for the nephews when
they were younger, so I'm inclined to believe you were right for your comment.
Did I send this email back in 2005?
Kinda deja vu moment for me.
Of course I was right.
Poor Jamie, I just wanted to jump through the internet time machine and buy her soup.
Aww.
I hope you were surviving your allergies slash plague.
Rubba buh.
Um, yeah, it was funny, I had bad allergies, and then, um, I was sick, I ate a lot of cake.
And beer.
And then, um, yeah, I was actually sick.
This time around.
So, thank you Rubba buh.
Thank you, and thank you for saying I was right, because more people should do that,
actually.
Say I was right.
No, but I mean, I think you further just proved the point, though, is that, you know, all
those things you named about how it fits in the pocket, you know, it's true.
A lot of kids play those DSes.
It'll be interesting to see how the three DS impacts things, if at all.
But we'll see.
If they're the right games for it, they might be, you know, it might pick up, you know,
with the other crowds that are kind of into the more hardcore stuff.
Was that it for emails?
I said there were only three.
That's it?
We're done?
Well, I wasn't listening to you, as usual.
Mailbag?
Do not, do not make me break out Shermie's butt for you to bite.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com She's just giving you an offended look right
now.
Is she?
Yeah.
I'm looking.
Hey girl, how you doing?
Meow meow.
She's like, bitch.
Wait, let me see if I can get a picture of Shermie right now.
Hold on.
Someone fill time.
I'm propping a logo right now because apparently people don't know the concept of sending me
an individual zip, you know, a zip file with like, my logo's already JPEG-didded.
So I have to do it all myself.
No.
Actually, I have no problem doing this.
Rob is seriously taking a picture of this little fat butt down there, looking at him
all offended, sitting on her little throne.
I got a picture of it.
I'm gonna totally, I'm gonna totally post that on the, uh, Orangeloungeradio picture
feed here.
Rob's gonna totally do it.
All right.
Look.
Oh my God, Rob.
Oh my God.
I'm gonna totally do it.
Okay.
Hold on.
Because we're getting that call.
I want to take this earlier.
This is back on the email about how do I hook up the soundboard for the 360.
So, um, I wanted to invite SSJ 100 Matt on the show to talk about this for a minute.
And there's a reason why.
Matt, you there?
Oh yes, I'm here.
How you doing, Matt?
I'm doing good.
Now, the reason why I invited specifically SSJ 100 Matt on the show is A, he's a cool
guy, but B, no, the reason why, you might remember a couple of weeks on the show and
maybe you don't remember because maybe you want to send the email if you remember this,
but I was talking about, I'm just kidding, playing perfect dark with the folks on under
sedation live.
And it was the week that the, um, Xbox live had the release of perfect dark and it was
like me and Alan were playing in one place and then, uh, Travis was playing and John
was playing.
And then some of our listeners that we have in common, like Matt, Misty and so forth were
playing.
Well, okay.
When Matt joined our game, hilarity ensued because Matt was playing these sound clips
from like Duke Nukem and like, I don't know what else is in there, like probably old movies
and stuff.
Do we have my favorite one?
What?
Your face, your ass.
What's the difference?
Probably.
Probably.
I don't remember, but it was a hilarious epic match.
So SSJ 100 Matt, you were somehow putting in sound clips and our email or what?
Our email or wanted to trash talk 12 year olds or something like that.
I believe.
Okay.
So SSJ 100 Matt, you didn't hook up a soundboard and all this stuff, did you?
No, you know, I didn't really didn't do anything that complicated.
What I got was basically something that you could just buy like in the store.
Hold on.
You're really, really quiet.
Can you get a little close to your microphone?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's all right.
Ooh, much better.
Yep.
Yeah.
Basically what I got here is a device called the Datel trash talker.
I've seen that.
It's actually called the trash talker.
Okay.
And?
Yeah.
And not to be confused with the knockoff version called the smack talker, which is crap.
Okay.
So you want the trash, not the smack.
Very important.
Yes.
Basically what it is is a little device that connects directly into your Xbox 360 controller.
It comes with software and basically in a USB cable it connects directly into your computer
and basically you take sound clips, wave clips, MP3s and just drop it into each bank.
Now it has four banks and four sets that you can use, but it also has a preset limit as
to what you can put on there.
It doesn't say in the instructions or anything, but it will give you a small progress bar.
You can't put long monologues and things in the buttons.
There is a limit to the space on the thing.
Yeah, you can, but you can only just take up more space on it.
Gotcha.
So, I kind of want to get one of these.
I do.
I think I'm going to get one of these.
But it's a great alternative to the sound board.
You can just dump these files from your computer right onto the trash talking device, hit the
button and drop in sound clips left and right.
Your very own personal sound board.
Yeah, basically.
I mean, I don't know how it sounds on the other people's end, but according to you guys
it sounds really...
It's hilarious.
It sounds just like somebody's dropping the sound file in.
Like I thought I was playing Duke Nukem for a minute.
It's great.
I think what I'm going to do, I'm going to get this, but instead of putting in clips
from Duke Nukem and stuff, I think I'll go to the Disney channel and get clips from That's
So Raven and play those with people when I'm playing shooting matches and stuff.
But you know, it's funny, I mostly use it whenever I'm playing Mom Warfare 2.
And whenever I play the Duke Nukem clips, a lot of the younger kids, they don't know
who Duke Nukem is.
They don't understand.
So what they think is, they think it's some 40 year old guy who's smoked a packed cigarette
since he was five.
Just talking trash.
That's great.
I love this.
Act Deft in our chat room just linked us to where you can buy this thing on amazon.com
and I love I'm looking at the box art of this thing here and the guy's just got this grin
on his face.
And it's trash talk.
Taunt your opponents at the touch of a button.
Don't get lost for words.
It's bad.
Oh, really?
It has it available on Amazon.
You can get it on Playasia.
But you know, it's a little more expensive.
I think I got it for like 15 bucks.
Order in bulk though.
Just go on eBay.
I bet it's on eBay.
And warning, it's a choking hazard.
They're small parts.
But you know.
You know what, that was for real.
Okay, well, Matt, I appreciate it.
I know I asked you last minute to kind of hop on the show and tell us about that a little
bit, even though I think you might have mentioned on the show before, but whatever, obviously
our emailer didn't hear it.
So it was worth talking about again, because it was so damn funny.
All right.
Also, do you want me to mention about the Phillips thing or I'll just call back during?
Oh, sure.
What the hell?
Why don't you tell us now?
What's your rant on Phillips?
The TV question we had earlier.
Well, you know, basically like two years ago for my birthday, my father gave me an HDTV,
Phillips HDTV for my birthday.
And it had a warranty.
But after the warranty expired, the TV basically crapped out a month after the warranty ended.
So basically I had to call the Phillips, ask them what to do.
They said, basically, it's out of warranty.
We can't do anything about it.
Tough shit, have a nice life, LOL?
Basically?
Yeah, pretty much, you know, they tell you to take it to a repair shop, you know, taking
a HDTV to a repair shop.
That's basically you're going to have to buy a brand new TV.
That would irritate me to buy a new TV and then have a break just a year later.
Yeah, but you know, the problem was, you know, it works now, but I have to let it warm up
for half an hour before I could use it, which is a pain in the ass.
But it turned out that the problem was there's a short, there's a short somewhere in the
circuit board, which is common for some of their TVs.
I don't know if it's common with their current stuff.
I don't know, maybe they fixed the problem two years after the fact, but I mean, that's
my problem with Phillips.
All right, well, so noted, so I will definitely take that into consideration before I spend
a lot of money on a television.
But again, like I said before, what I really need to do is get the car.
So when I get the car, then I'll worry about the TV because the TV I have is not bad.
All right.
But we have something for you.
Oh, yes.
Matt, before I...
Oh, go ahead.
Yeah, because I'm kind of in the same position, you know, an HDTV no matter how great it is,
can't drive you to work.
Exactly right.
Exactly.
Well, Matt, before we let you go, because we got to finish up the show, other people
are calling in because they think it's a Skype segment now, oops, but before we got to get
back to the show, but I wanted to leave you with one little thing, Matt, before we let
you go.
Yes.
Your face, your ass, what's the difference?
Have a good night, Matt.
You're welcome.
Thanks.
Thanks for letting us pick on you.
All right.
What's really hilarious is to get, like, what was it, that clip from Heavy Rain, Jason,
Jason, Jason.
I remember, though, you used to be able to put your own voice macros in.
You know, like, we did one, what are you, the poster child for abortion or something,
you know.
Anyway.
What you need to do is also get, like, the CSI Miami, you know, that little musical bit
there in the beginning of the song.
Yeah.
I wonder if this is the video, uh, that dark sucker might be referring to.
I don't know if this is what video, oh, no, I was your partner, oh, that'd be awesome.
Oh, these guys are filming the TV, it's not a direct feed, let me see if this is a direct
feed here.
This is the last one, I promise.
Oh, fancy.
Screw you.
Got some shoes for Sean.
Can you watch Jason for a minute?
I promise, he won't be long.
Sure, no problem.
Oh, God, we don't know where this is going.
Jason.
Jason.
Jason.
And there's a little X with Jason floating around, so I guess you just press X to say
Jason.
Jason, you really shouldn't want her off like that, you know?
All right.
You fail at parenting.
That was, uh, that was a Flash game, too, press X to Jason.
Was it?
Jason.
Loki.
All right, there's the door, keep opening.
Loki.
All right.
Oh, bye.
All right, let's get into the FUs of the week, because sometimes we get a little angsty on
the show.
You know, when I can't find Jason, I get a little upset, so I want to do some ranting
on the show.
So here we go, the FUs of the week.
FU to being pretty sick over the past few days.
I feel a lot better today, although my voice is starting to go again, but I really, I really
not like, I enjoy the projects I'm doing, but FU to this not being my job.
You know, to me not being able to freelance full time.
I need to be a design diva.
They need to pay me for being awesome.
If Lady Gaga can do it, so can I.
If she can walk around and call herself performance art, I can put something on a piece of paper
and be called a design diva.
Would you get your own show called Designing Women?
I'd be Designing Divas.
Low key.
That show would be more interesting if it was from the perspective of, say, a grand
deity like God or something.
Designing Women.
Yeah.
It would be a weird science.
Weird science.
Awesome.
I like that.
FU to my weed eater, or weed whacker, I guess, for shooting fire.
Apparently, it's not supposed to be doing that, so it is now broken.
It was very unfortunate that it...
Weed eaters do not shoot fire, just for the record.
That's not an added benefit.
Pretty sure.
There was a lot of smoke and then fire came out and I'm like, I think this is broken.
So yeah, the engine overheated and melted down, so that's too bad.
My FU of the week.
I don't...
Actually, things are pretty good right now.
I can't complain.
I don't have a lot of negative stuff going on.
I will take this opportunity to take a tangent, though, and this is actually gaming related.
So...
Not from Sorting Glue?
No, not from Sorting Glue.
World of Warcraft.
No, I'm not giving you, my FU, to World of Warcraft, but I am a little bit.
You might have heard this week, they put some new items on sale, and you can get a new $10
pet called Little XT, which is one of the raid bosses later in the game.
Whatever.
They've done the pet thing before.
But one of the other things they decided to sell was a Celestial Horse mount for $25.
That's right, 25 real life dollars would buy you this mount in game that, you know, granted
it has its own statistics or whatever, that you can, the mount scales with you, you know,
whatever your riding level happens to be in the game is what the mount will be, and so
on and so on.
But it's $25, and it doesn't really enhance anything.
You're not getting anything special that you can't, like, earn, you know, through other
means or what have you.
It's really just the ultimate vanity item.
And I have to admit, there was a part of me that was like, oh, that's kind of cool.
I kind of want to get one of those.
But then I was like, but really, $25?
That's like almost like half of what the new expansion is going to cost for WoW.
Cataclysm's going to cost that much money.
Well, sure enough, all these stories start popping up.
The queues on Blizzard's store just to buy My Little Magical Star Pony was like four
hours long, 17,000 people deep.
You would have thought BlizzCon tickets went on sale again.
And I log into the, all I had to do to convince myself I don't want a magical star pony was
to log into the game and go to Dalaran.
Everybody has a magical star pony.
Blizzard this week cooked up free money for their game, literally free money.
It's a test because you have to understand Blizzard is owned by Activision.
Activision loves money and Activision likes putting out map packs for $15.
Mark my words.
Mark my words.
When Blizzard puts out the item, I'm whatever they want to do vanity and people are whatever
enough to buy it, then whatever.
And you know what?
I'm not perfect.
I bought the panda thing when it came out.
I kind of regret doing so after the fact, but I don't because it was charity.
So I'm like, okay, at least in the end it was charity.
But after I bought it, I have to admit, I did have a little bit of buyer's remorse of,
you know, that was kind of stupid.
Everybody has one of these pandas.
I don't, I don't, I'm not actually going to use it that much in game.
This was a stupid vanity thing, but at least it was charity.
But never again am I making that mistake, but mark my words, the minute Blizzard releases
something that does enhance your stats or does give you an enhancement or especially
something you can't get through the game through other means, I quit period.
I'm done with wow, when that happens, because as far as I'm concerned at that point, wow
has become Farmville at that point.
Tell me the difference between wow and Farmville when that happens.
Facebook integration.
No wow has that now too.
You can't play wow on Facebook, but there is an official wow application.
So as soon as that happens, which I'm afraid is now after seeing how well this pony is
done and exactly what Loki says is in the not too distant future, I quit.
I'm done with wow because it is, it's kind of insane in some ways that Blizzard probably
sold easy, a half million of these Blizzard made a million dollars.
No more than that.
Blizzard probably made $10 million this week, right?
25 times half a million would be about what?
12.5 million, right?
What will you play?
I don't know.
Something else.
Please Star Trek Online with me.
Final Fantasy 14 for one.
But we'll see.
I don't know if Star Trek Online does the same thing.
And no MMO am I going to do that with.
What Star Trek Online does, I'll tell you, and I actually like this with the Cryptic
store.
You buy points and you've got them for whatever you want them for.
What I bought was, um, I actually bought the ability to play a Klingon on the Federation
side, play a Ferengi because they've each got their own bonuses, their own special abilities
because this might be something that I want and I'm kind of a weird completionist.
But I liked that.
I liked that you could pay, you know, you could pay to, um, to respect.
If you've completely through barred everything, you could pay to respect and, and it's, it's
not even a lot of points.
I've only spent $20 in buying points and I still have some left and I've gotten all this
stuff.
They make it affordable.
So.
All right.
I gotta, I gotta give some comments in chat because there's way too good comments here
in chat.
Uh, so I should pop says everyone has one, so whatever little originality your tune had
just got lessened.
That's true.
Uh, Chad 28 says cough.
I bought it cough, but I'm super addicted in amount or do you have, my question is though,
do you have buyer's remorse now that you see that everyone has, I like the design of it
though.
I will have to say that it's a pretty Mount.
I will say that.
But when I saw everybody had one, I was like, okay, whatever.
I would rather work and get that.
The Raven Mount is so fucking Epic.
It's the best Mount in the game.
Did you, but it's a bitch, but I'm saying that this is though, no, I said, did you see
the link in the chat where they made $2 million in four hours?
God, I'm not surprised.
I do have to though, give them props for actually having a very unique design.
I mean, I haven't seen anything done like this.
Legend is that who makes an excellent point and you thought paying for horse armor was
bad enough.
If you had a problem with horse armor in Oblivion and you bought this, um, um, uh, just saying,
let's see, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, let's see, I'm looking
at here.
Um, other chat rooms, chat, that orange laundry.com.
If you want to look, uh, let's see, as 200, Matt says, NHL 10 started letting you download
additional stats to your creative player for blank XBL space bucks.
You can unlock those bonus stats in game, but they were a real pain in the ass to obtain.
So a lot of people just bought the stats.
You know, gyromancer has something like that too, but I don't know.
I somewhat give gyromancer a pass because it's not a multiplayer game really.
I mean, I guess it does have a multiplayer mode, but it's, it's more of a single like
player puzzle game.
I don't know.
It just seems different.
And by the way, horse armor does actually make sense if your horse is part of your battle
stat.
Chad, Chad 28 says, there's also a rumor going around that they're going to charge 20 bucks
a month when cataclysm comes out.
Even I will leave.
If that happens, a shower ran and chat says, it doesn't matter if Rob's done with wow.
He'll be sucking MMO cock again.
The second final fantasy 14 comes again.
That's true.
True statement.
Um, and Ziba gave a look at that link earlier.
So there you go.
Rama says, sky.
I'm going to hold you to that.
Go for it.
Um, there you go.
Lots of chat comments, chat, that orange on trader.com.
If you want to join him anyhow, sorry.
That was actually my a few of the week that kind of turned into a story of its own, but
that happens here on the show.
Sometimes we have a couple more actual stories for you guys, and then we're going to get
into, um, the calls of the week, one eight seven seven game OLR or our username on Skype,
orange laundry.
Oh, just one minute though.
Don't start calling yet.
Cause we've got a couple more stories.
Loki.
Um, apparently the 3d games, um, are going to be coming to the PlayStation network very
soon.
Um, of course you probably seen commercials and stuff for 3d TVs, um, on TV, um, including
some from Samsung will Sony's going to be releasing their new, um, Bravia 3d TV series.
And uh, with that will be a voucher for a, uh, kind of a free collection of games that
are going to be, uh, compiled onto a, um, it'll either be a PlayStation network code
or a compiled onto a disc.
And they include a wipeout HD, uh, Microsoft or not Microsoft, motor storm.
I saw the Ms, uh, motor storm, Pacific rift, pain, um, super stardust HD.
And um, I guess those will all be available on the places you never get at the same time.
Now granted though, these aren't all 3d, it's kind of like portions of like wipeout HD is
actually supposed to be in full 3d motor storm Pacific rift is supposed to have a level that's
in 3d pain has, I believe three levels and not positive about super stardust HD, but
it's kind of like a, I don't know, a little, uh, proof of concept games, I guess.
Toa gak in our chat room says 3d is overkill out the wazoo.
You know, I kind of agree.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Then again, maybe if I play it, I'll change my mind, but I already kind of said this earlier
in the show.
I just, I don't know how I feel about everything shifting towards 3d quite rapidly.
Might I add like, it's not just happening like slowly, it's happening fast.
It feels like 3d is taking over fast.
Thank you.
Avatar.
Me.
Just saying, by the way, do you know avatars out on a Blu Ray?
What?
The 22nd?
It's a week.
But what?
Yeah.
It's just the movie with none of the goodies.
You wait till November.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Do you get the Blu Ray that comes with all of the goodies?
Huh?
This is more like, okay, here's your bone.
Well, I, I love the fact that they're marketing it with go back to the world.
Like they're not even trying to say, Hey, you should see this movie.
They're just making an assumption.
Everybody's already seen it, which is pretty much true.
And then of course there's going to be chatters to say, I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
Most people at this point have seen it.
And then, um, they actually were re-releasing it for the weekend.
Really?
Um, at certain theaters for the 3d blah, blah, whatever poop.
So are you going to pick up avatar on a, or you're going to wait, aren't you?
I'm going to wait.
Yeah.
I want the extra stuff.
I don't care.
I'll wait.
I've got avatar.
I mean, I, I like the movie.
I thought it was great.
I see what you did there.
All right.
Um, let's get into one more story here and then we're going to open up the Skype line
and uh, Oh, this is a very fitting last story of the day here on orange lounge radio.
Where do I even go with this?
So there's this woman and she's from Manchester and she's talking we fit this week.
And the reason why she's talking we fit, she's blaming it because it turned her into a sex
addict.
Yes.
We fit made me a sex addict on the next Oprah.
It's this 24 year old.
Her name is Amanda flowers.
Doesn't that sound?
I have to say, honestly, it doesn't like, is this for real?
Cause isn't there a porn star named Amanda flowers?
If not, there ought to be.
It doesn't have like a very, it sounds like a horny name, doesn't it?
I don't know.
We'll see.
D flowered number 50.
All right.
Well, anyhow.
Um, okay.
So, uh, yeah, she fell off the balance board and she claims that because of the stumble,
she is now a sex addict.
She wants sex 10 times a day, the slightest vibration in the air.
She says it begins as a twinge down below before surging through my body.
Sometimes it built up into a trembling orgasm with no cure.
I just have to try to control my passion by breathing deeply.
Hopefully one day I'll find a super stud who can satisfy me.
And I'm thinking here, I'm like, is this a fucking joke?
Like is April, is April fool's still happening?
Does someone not get the memo that April fools is supposed to be stuck to April 1st but it's,
it's all over the net this week.
So I guess we have to treat it like I don't watch a lot of TV remember, but I watched
an episode of CSI I think it was at my friend's house where like this teacher had ended up
like doing it with one of the students because she had been in an accident that messed up
her brain that made her addicted to sex.
I was like, and I just listening to this like just makes me think of that episode.
I'm like, did she hit her head?
Is she just, did she fall on her cooch or something?
No, there is actually, it's a real...
Did she hit herself in the labia?
I mean what...
It's a real syndrome.
It's a persistent sexual arousal syndrome.
From falling off the wee balance board?
I mean, I guess whatever...
I hate to bring back up that episode, but it was a head trauma that did it for the episode.
I don't know.
How did they pick like things that are kind of far fetched?
Hmm.
Uh, let's see here.
Are you on the Wiki?
No, I'm on the Boston University School of Medicine's, um, sexual medicine.
I think they're a sub, uh, page here.
Uh, let's see, uh, it doesn't really say what the causes are.
Um, it's, okay, whatever.
So it's, it's a real thing.
I mean...
Head trauma and sex drive.
I'm immediately going to go home and fall off my Wii Fit board as many times as possible.
Head trauma and sex drive are connected since a person suffering from brain injury usually
has a reduced sex drive.
Um, yeah, whatever.
Frisbee says in chat, if hitting your head makes you a sex addict, how is this Nintendo's
fault?
You know, part of me wants to say this story really has nothing to do with Wii Fit.
Wait a second.
You know what this reminds me of?
And oh my God, I can't believe I'm thinking about this.
Don't worry, mama will fix it.
What was that one movie that had, um, oh my God, the guy that did Hairspray, but...
John Waters.
John Waters.
John Waters movie where everyone was like a sexual deviant or whatever.
Desperate living and they go, they get exiled to the town of Mortville.
It's really disgusting.
Like it's the most disgusting movie ever made.
Is that what it is?
Um, I don't think it was that one, but she, like they were trying to figure out a new
sex act or whatever.
Oh, oh, uh, uh, you're, it's a newer one.
It's um, uh, damn it.
It's the one, I know what you're talking about.
They had that one girl and she had ginormous tits and Tracy Ullman was in it, um, I know
what you're talking about.
It'll come a desperate, no, desperate living already said somebody in chat will get, thank
you.
Low down, dirty shame.
Yes.
Low down, dirty shame.
It's like dirty.
No, it's not.
Low down, dirty shame was another movie.
Dirty shame is the name of it.
It's dirty shame.
Anyways.
Um, it's like that because that was their kind of sex act is she would, um, cause some
sort of head trauma and then she became like a sexy deviant.
So yeah, that's right.
That was the whole point of that movie, huh?
Tracy Ullman gets in a car accident and then like suddenly she's a sex addict.
Dirty shame.
Wow.
Well, I guess it's a dirty shame she fell off her Wii Fit board, huh?
Like I said, I'm going to go home and probably try to fall off my, uh, uh, board as many
times as possible.
All right.
Skype line is now open one eight seven seven game O L R or our username on Skype, orange
lounge radio.
The phones are open for business while we wait for some calls.
Last minute stories.
Anyone?
Gunblade is coming to the Wii.
They're going to do Gunblade New York and LA, um, machine guns packed together kind
of like what they did with, um, house of the dead two and three.
That makes me happy because I used to play the crap out of Gunblade accuser.
I don't remember.
Gunblade.
They have like these giant machine guns that you would shoot stuff with and they would
just constantly rumble as you're playing the game.
All right.
To the phones.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
Yeah.
This is spazzing you.
Hey spazzing here.
What is on your mind?
My friend.
All right.
Yeah.
Uh, you know, you know, two, uh, two things.
Um, uh, before I get to that, I just want to say I, you know, with the life story you
read off, I can just see every guy in America going out to store right now by we fit for
the girlfriend.
Actually.
Yeah.
I was going to say, I thought you, I thought you were going to say guys are going to run
out and buy it.
Uh, actually most, and I, obviously I was joking earlier when I was talking about, I'm
going to go fall off the thing, but I think most guys already are sex addicts.
It's just that they're going to like, they're going to get this game for their, you know,
girlfriends or wives and so forth.
And then like, you know, spray Pam all over the Wii fit board or they don't even have
to do that.
I mean, obviously it's just some hard surface or something and I want to know how she fell
off the Wii fit board.
I mean.
All right.
Anyhow.
I'm sorry.
Spaz.
That's probably not why you were calling it tonight, but what's up?
All right.
Yeah.
Um, you know, you know, I was wondering if you, uh, checked out, um, you know, uh, flowers,
the soundtrack yet or no, uh, no, I, I think I do remember reading a story that it was
available, but flower had a great like ambient soundtrack.
Like that would be like, remember how we had the story earlier tonight about the, um, study
about modern warfare two versus, uh, March of the penguins and which won't make you fall
asleep.
Uh, the flower soundtrack will be a great thing to fall asleep to.
It's very nice.
Ambient music.
Is that available to get now?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, in fact, it's been out for roughly a week and a half now.
Uh, in fact, uh, just this past, uh, Friday, I ended up picking up, uh, just for the hell
of it.
And it's, uh, pretty good.
Yeah.
In fact, I, if you were kind of touching on there, uh, yeah, I, you know, ever since I
got it, I've been using it to, uh, fall asleep to whenever I, I get a bad case of insomnia.
So which is pretty much on a regular basis.
Flower by the way, is one of the best racing games I've played in the past year.
Yes.
I consider it a racing game.
It plays like a racing game to me.
Play it for yourself.
Find out.
But I think it's a great support.
Oh my gosh.
It's a beautiful game.
It's just such a beautiful game.
You know, there was some, um, uh, controversy, I guess Ebert spoke up again about another
whole games as art controversy came up again.
He said, games are not art and they're never going to be art.
And it's funny because like every blog story I see reporting on the news issue has got
a picture of flower to go with it.
It's kind of like the, Oh, games can't be art.
A so I wonder if there'll be a flower too.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Well, we'll probably get a flower or something, uh, you know, far too or something silly to
print.
No, pretty.
She thinks, uh, all of these have been doing well, flower flows, so on and so forth.
Um, no, you know, also, um, you know, it's very, my usual day, I usually do, um, every
so often, uh, there's a one show, you know, uh, uh, discovered that, um, I think you guys
made more, uh, like, especially, um, one of the fellow, the fellow working with DJ Ramel
out.
Hmm.
What's that?
Uh, it's called, uh, Toko.
It's, um, it's a talk episode, uh, anime series, uh, that, uh, that's been out on cable TV
and it's also available on, uh, Xbox live and, uh, PlayStation network.
It's, uh, it's kind of hard to describe.
It's kind of like, um, a cross between the X files and devil may cry.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's, uh, it's, uh, well, I've seen, uh, the first four episodes so far and based
on, you know, it's really kind of the same, uh, you know, what the whole fuse is like,
but just, uh, based on what level I've seen so far, it seems pretty good.
Um, you know, there are, there are a few race here moments in there that weren't necessarily
great for the younger crowd, but, uh, but if you're holding off to handle that kind
of thing, you know, it's pretty good.
For us mature folks who can handle it.
All right, well, Spaz- Spazinator, we'll have to check that out, but for now I'm gonna let
you go, but thanks for the chat and, uh, lots of different topics tonight and you have a
good week, okay?
Yep, you too.
Take care.
All right, later.
Uh, by the way, a comment from our chat room from, uh, Seg, uh, he wants to point out that.game.company,
the people who make Flower, they don't do sequels, but they don't fail to make something
new and beautiful.
And you know what?
I'm, I'm totally okay with that.
You know what?
Flower doesn't need a sequel, um, necessarily, but, uh, it would be awesome if there was
another game kind of in that same vein, just that very relaxing, beautiful art in motion
type of game.
I don't know.
Whatever it is they make.
I hope it's next.
Um, I'm sure it will be pretty cool.
Anyhow, uh, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Town's radio.
Who's this?
You know, all this talk about sex makes me want to just sit here and play a couple of
age games.
Well, hello, DJ Rama S. How are you?
Hey, I'm fine.
Uh, Spaznator was talking about a show he was recommending, Toko.
Have you heard of that?
No, I have not.
Hmm, you might have to ask him about it.
He specifically said it was for you, so, uh, and us, but he said you might get a kick out
of it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, check it, check it out.
You never know.
Well, I'm already working a couple of anime titles right now, but that's not what I call
it though.
All right.
Well, what's up?
All right.
Why did you call?
Surely you didn't call to talk about Wii Fit.
What's on your mind?
Do you remember a couple of years ago, you guys talked about a Spanish DDR movie called
La Maquina de Bahia?
Yes, sadly enough, I do remember that.
Me and my friend Jerry watched it Friday night.
Really?
Yes.
Okay, so it's a Spanish movie about Dan Stan's revolution basically, right?
Not really.
It's the campiest feel-good movie of the year, really.
Of the two years ago, because the movie's been out a while.
Just seeing.
Pretty much.
All right.
I have to ask, A, what possessed you to, of all things, watch La Maquina de Bahia or whatever
it's called?
It was sitting on my computer for about a year and a half, and my roommate was playing
FF13, and getting him off the 360 is like getting the jaws of life, so I'm like, you
know what?
We might as well just watch the movie, and it was like, wow.
And?
Was it good?
It was pretty good.
I thought it was funny.
The part of the movie is about this kid who was playing DDR, works in a supermarket.
His boss asks him to watch his pet snake, so he's like, yeah, sure.
His friends find out that he has this place on his shelf, they bring chicks over, and
they find out that the snake has disappeared.
They run up to the back, they find the snake ate a propane gas tank.
When they try to pick up the snake, they drop the snake to the ground, they're like four
flags up, and the snake is destroyed.
The fuck does this have to do with DDR?
They end up entering a tournament to win the cash money to replace the snake.
Wow.
The funny part is...
So it's kind of like the wizard, right?
Weren't they entering the tournament to graze money to run away from home?
What were they doing?
I don't remember.
They were waiting for something, and he entered the tournament.
Mm-hmm.
Right?
Yes.
I see.
So it was basically the wizard in Spanish, but with less Power Glove and more snakes.
And a lot more butterfly.
Goody, goody.
All right, so thumbs up or thumbs down to, let me make sure I get this right, La Magina
de Bailar.
Bailar.
That's how it is.
Bailar.
Yes, I'd give it two thumbs up.
Bailarvos.
Bailar.
Bailarvos.
Bailarvos.
Sorry.
I give it two thumbs up with alcohol.
It's funny, so it's hilarious, drunk, because for some reason, I'm watching a movie.
I had this tendency to point out indifference.
In the movie, I'm pointing out, this is from DDR USA.
This is from Extreme 2.
This is from Max.
I'm like, look at the different screens.
I'm like, this is from this one, this is that one.
And we're...
Ramah.
Ramah.
Sorry.
It's because you're a nerd.
You're a fucking nerd.
And I love you for it, but you're a nerd.
I mean, you're not supposed to do that with nerd movies.
It's called the suspension of belief.
Well, me because it was so campy, my eyes started looking at all the other stuff, you
know?
Mm-hmm.
A true DDR nerd till you die.
I can respect that.
All right.
Anything else you wanna talk about tonight that isn't about DDR and snakes?
Before I hang up, I want this herd.
I'm holding you to that.
What?
About wow.
About wow.
Yeah.
Okay, but I wanna make it clear.
I wanna make it very, very clear.
Go for it.
They need to put something out for sale that is basically a way to cheat.
I should say that the item sale would give somebody a clear advantage just by spending
money for it.
Because obviously, you can already pay for faction transfers.
You can pay for server transfers.
That's fine and dandy.
I don't have a problem with that.
I don't have a problem with vanity items.
I'm gonna have a problem when the item that you spend hours and hours to grind and get
and raid for that gives you the bonus stats to intellect or whatever is suddenly available
for $15 through Blizzard's website.
That is where I draw the line.
Okay.
Alright.
I just wanna make it very clear because I know how the listeners are and every single
item that comes out, they're gonna say, oh, does Rob have to delete wow now?
That's why I wanted you to say it so everyone's all clear about it.
I don't care how many magical star ponies they put out.
And you know what?
If they put out a pink pony, I might have to do it.
I'm kidding.
I'm not gonna do it.
Well.
It depends on the price.
If it's $5, maybe.
But $25, that's the other problem.
There's a big difference between 10 and $25.
Like $25 is like the price of a used game.
This just proves that people are sheep.
And I have friends that bought it.
And I feel bad saying this, you know, and even a friend, a really good friend wanted
to gift it to me.
And I'm like, no, please don't you don't you re no, really?
You really, really don't have to do that.
Like I would like, go buy yourself a bottle of vodka and a porno and have yourself a wonderful
evening.
Like I would rather you do that than buy me the star pony.
All right, anyhow, Rama, we gotta let you go try to get some more calls.
But thank you so much.
No problem.
Bye.
Bye bye.
As Anakdev points out, yes, it is a big difference.
It sure is a big difference.
I hate this Skype spam.
Look at this.
European wait, this guy, this Skype spam I got European and American women are too arrogant
for you.
Well, I know of one.
Are you are you looking for a sweet lady that will be caring and understanding then you
came to the right place.
I didn't come to you, bitch.
You're sending me a spam message.
Let's see here.
You can find a Russian lady that will love you with all of her heart.
Can't find a queen to rule your heart.
How about beautiful Russian?
I'm going to tell you right now, well, not all Russian women are sweet.
I want to point out Loki married a Russian woman, not the kind that's being advertised
here.
Just so you know.
No, no.
Big difference.
Big difference.
Nelly's an independent woman, but one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
One and only Legend of Zaku Zaku.
What is on your mind, my friend?
Nothing much.
Just like trying to spend whatever freedom I have tonight before going back, before the
case of the Mondays kicks in tomorrow.
Wait, but you're working.
That's good because I remember-
I know.
That's the important thing.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember a time you were calling into the show and you were like, I'm unemployed.
I don't know how much longer I'm going to be able to do this, but then you found a job,
so all's better.
Well, I know how you are.
We all get a case of the Mondays, you know, no matter what, you know, it happens, it happens.
Even the people that are job hunting kind of go, oh God, I hope this is the week.
You know?
I know how it goes.
Right.
So what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Activision's bullshit.
That's what's on my mind tonight.
Is it the star pony bullshit or is it Infinity War bullshit?
No, it's basically their executive trying to do their best to put lipstick on a pig
regarding the whole Infinity War situation.
In particular, how he's defending that they get compensated better in Activision.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm sorry, when you said lipstick on a pig, I immediately went to that whole Sarah Palin
thing.
No.
The whole Infinity War issue.
I just, I don't know why, my mind just went to Sarah Palin.
I'm not trying to, I'm not calling her an idiom, I'm just saying she said something
about lipstick on a pit bull.
That's where my mind went.
The idea is that Activision's trying to whitewash something, you know, basically their years
of trying to milk the proverbial golden calf that was Infinity Ward.
When you milk somebody to the point of, to the point of, you know, where you saturate
the market and everything else, because that's all it is, it's mediocrity, it's a race
to the bottom, unfortunately.
And in this case, Activision tries, they basically try to, you know, they're running a slave
ship in terms of, you know, not only Infinity Ward, but other studios that have to churn
out a new Call of Duty game every single year.
Quality be damned.
Well, at the same time though, Activision, their point in life or whatever is to make
money.
And there's investors that are expecting, hold on, investors expecting them to make
money and return on investment, et cetera, et cetera, blah, blah, blah.
So, you know, and all these people are quitting left and right in, I believe Activision is
based in California, which would be an at-will employment state, or wherever they are, obviously
they're not signed to contracts because they are quitting left and right.
What else can Activision do but come out and say, well, don't worry, everything's going
to be okay, even though they might be pooping their pants behind the scenes because they
have investors to make happy at the end of the day and they're going to say, of course
this will be a great game.
No, these people are just going to be better off where they're at and we're much better
because of it.
And then behind the curtain, they're like, oh, my God, what are we going to do?
All right.
One thing is basically having to meet the demands of their investors.
As a public company, they have to, but that's only short term.
What they should be focusing on is long-term returns, basically long-term return on investment,
which is really hard to do because you need to be more original in terms of finding new
ideas that would stretch out even further, making other multi-million dollar franchises,
not just milking the current ones you have.
This is the problem with not only the business world in particular, but Activision and the
fact that they're so short-sighted.
EA basically woke up from that nightmare a few years back and actually started making
more original properties, more original games.
And as a result, they're still a publicly traded company, but they have a lot more in
the portfolio in terms of actually, you know, the franchises.
And they don't basically milk them every, they don't have to meet the 10-month deadline
for new games.
So maybe this will just come full circle, Zaku.
I mean, you said it yourself.
Yeah, I'm thinking Activision has to eventually reach a point where their mediocrity is going
to bite them in the ass.
And that's a fact.
That day is coming.
The day will come when people just realize that they're getting raped, they're getting
hoodwinked every single year with the same bullshit, with the same game that offers very
little in terms of fresh, you know, new content.
I am really curious to see what happens this year, Zaku, you know, being the music game
fan.
And I know you're in this boat too.
I'm very curious to see what happens at the end of the year with Guitar Hero 6 or whatever
they end up putting out, because you know it's going to happen, versus Rock Band 3.
Because especially when you take into light this whole lawsuit and all this other business
going on right now, I'm very curious to see how the, and I guess it's come out, the Guitar
Hero 5 and Band Hero and all that didn't sell too hot.
Of course.
So I'm really curious to see if Rock Band kicks it down or what happens.
I mean, the reason, you have to give it to Harmonix, that they actually took something
that has never been marketed that well, like the Beatles catalog.
And they actually made a boatload of money as a result.
I know it was a license, but still, that was a major license right there.
Here's the first thing that they've done right so far this year.
It's been almost four months now, and we haven't had a guitar release yet this year, so.
I mean that's something.
Well that makes sense.
I mean, that and the fact that, you know, Harmonix is not like trying to claw their
way to get another Rock Band version out next year.
It's been almost what, like what, almost more than a year since we had Rock Band 2.
And all they're doing is just shoveling new content, which is good because that's, it's
better to, you know, keep people, have people continue buying the current version and then
just focusing on delivering more DLC, because that's really where they're, that's really
the heart of the game, the music.
All right.
Uh, ZakuBuddy, we're gonna let you go, but some good thoughts on that, and we'll see
what happens.
It's gonna be very, I think you're right.
I think the cycle will come full circle, and somebody else will be the big bad evil dude
next year.
At least the folks from Infinity War broke out when they had the chance, and so now that
they're back in TGA, at least this time, they're not gonna get screwed over and be whipped
to, to chunk out, you know, to turn out Call of Duty games or any new IP that they have
every annual.
All right.
Well, we will see what happens.
All right, Zaku, we're gonna let you go, buddy, but you have a good one.
Have a good one.
Later.
All right.
I think that's gonna do it for the Skype calls tonight, and somebody in chat making a very
good point.
Did you notice that like every New York listener got in tonight?
Isn't that weird?
Like I guess technically, technically Spaznator is in New York City, but he's in Buffalo,
which is still upstate New York, so, so tonight was a very New York state of mind in many
ways.
So, I don't know what you New Yorkers are doing with your phones, but y'all got it.
Even SSJ100Matt, we called him.
He's in New York too.
Go figure.
I think they just really want me to come visit.
That's what you want, right?
I really want to go back to New York.
I really do.
We'll see.
Hopefully soon.
My friend doesn't live there anymore, so I have to go.
I'll have to crash at Rama's house.
See if he likes that.
All right.
So, we are going to start to wrap up here, because it's about 9.30 here on the west coast.
It's been kind of a long show tonight, at least three hours if not more.
So we're going to wrap it up and say goodnight and be on our way out of here for the night.
So let's go around and make sure there's no more last-minute stories.
I don't know if Loki has anything else he wants to state.
Oh yeah, I got lots of stuff we can talk about.
Okay, first thing we're going to start off with here is, there's a possibility that there
might be a new Castlevania game coming, apparently because...
Another, another game?
Uh, yes.
This is going to be more for like a DS title or something like that.
Three DS?
Well, who knows.
Apparently there was a trademark registered by Konami Digital Entertainment for something
with the title of Harmony of Despair.
And if that doesn't sound like a Castlevania title, I don't know what it is.
Yeah, it sounds pretty Castlevania to me.
Apparently Jam with the Band on the DS is coming to Europe.
That game was originally only released in...
Didn't that come out like two years ago?
In Japan, yeah.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Yeah, it's never been released over here or in Europe, so they're going to be getting
that.
And with a bunch of new songs, I guess.
A bunch of covers like ABC, Chariots of Fighter, I'm a Slave For You, Material Girl, among
other things.
And, of course, some Nintendo original songs including an F-Zero Medley, NES Classics Medley,
Legend of Zelda Medley, Super Mario Kart Medley, Super Mario Medley, and Onigashima Medley.
I gotta be honest, a lot of this sounds pretty good.
And let's see here.
Nintendo has actually won an appeal against Anascape in their suit saying that they had
a patent for, I guess, the Wave Bird and the classic controllers and whatnot.
So that's kind of cool.
Unfortunately, they have been sued again by somebody else.
Now, IA Labs apparently is going to be suing them because of a fitness game, Power Grid
Fitness.
They're saying that it infringes on their patent for it.
And apparently they said that they also approached Nintendo with the idea in the first place.
That would be interesting.
And lastly, there's going to be some new Xbox Live arcade games coming soon.
Apparently, there's information leaking out from PartnerNet, which I shake my head at
that.
So, Crazy Taxi will be coming to Xbox Live Arcade, as well as Quake Arena Arcade and
some other...
What?
Quake Arena Arcade?
Yes.
Rad.
That was already announced, I think, a while ago.
On Xbox?
Yeah, it's going to have 16 player online battles with 40 original maps.
Get your trash talker ready, Matt.
Some other titles, of course, on the way that apparently are appearing on PartnerNet as
well.
Metal Slug XX, Neo Geo Battle Colosseum, Raystorm HD, Sonic Adventure DX, The King of Fighters
2002 Unlimited Match, Quake Arena Arcade, Crazy Taxi, Bali, Card Game, and Doom II,
the arcade version.
Doom II arcade version?
And the first five of those titles, if you know where they'll look, have already been
leaked out.
All right, very cool.
Lots of good stuff in there.
That's it for last minute stories then, Loki?
That's it.
We've had a really full show tonight.
It's been kind of impressive.
I'm really out of stuff too.
All right.
That's why I'm sitting on the floor again.
I know why.
I noticed you're working on your decoupage.
I am.
So I figured you had to be out of things.
Well, you know...
Are you going to take a status picture for our chatters to see?
I am once I actually have something worth the status.
I'm actually gluing, doing extra layers of glue on the back to hold down these loose
ends.
Um, I'll tell you, I'm actually, there's X-Box stuff I'm excited about coming out.
What's that?
Well, I want to play them.
We're heroes.
Ah, very nice.
I see your decoupage pictures are already up on OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Very nice.
Very nice.
They've replaced the pictures of Matt with the double down last week, which is good because
I was taking a look at that thing.
Or me with the nose pond.
Yeah, you with the nose pond.
That was really bad, but funny from that episode.
Oh, that was the week Loki missed.
Oh boy.
You should be very glad you had family things to tend to that night.
What happened?
Uh, Dark Sakura had this thing in her nose that she used for her sinus things and it
looked like she was shoving a tampon in her nose.
And so we were calling it a nose pond and I dared her to take a picture and put it on
the website and she did it.
I looked crazy.
You know that Jamie doesn't like pictures of her.
Like she's very picky choosy about what she lets out on the internet.
She's like, I'll take one cause I know I look shitty today.
Good times.
Okay.
We got to go around and get some final thoughts.
We got to close up shop.
We're running very late tonight and I know some folks want to go to bed before you know
the sun rises.
So I will start with Dark Sakura cause you're on the floor.
Uh, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
I like glue.
Loki your final thought for our listeners tonight.
Why is Rama coming to Sacramento and going to kidnap Rama?
Uh oh.
Uh, he's coming.
He's coming to stay with me.
When is he coming?
I need to make sure I'm available.
For explosions.
Is Patty coming too?
Oh, 4th of July.
Right?
Yes.
That's what we should rename it.
You know, are they going to be here for pride the week before?
Oh, guys need to rearrange schedule and get here the week before.
That's pride.
Rob, you need to, you need to take me cause I haven't been to a function yet.
It'll be fun.
All I've been is to the street fair.
It's on my birthday this year though.
So I don't know how I feel about that.
I'll have to get you dinner.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, we're done.
We're out.
Uh, my final thought is, um, I don't know.
Um, I just ate a whole bag of cinnamon sugar pita chips during the show cause I'm fat hot.
All right.
Uh, that's it.
Thank you guys for being here.
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show, downloading, listening live, however
you're doing it, supporting independent podcasting.
You know what we say every week, all we ask if you enjoy the show, tell a person, tell
two people, post a nice review on iTunes.
Just help us spread the word.
You know, we don't have ads in the show yet.
I always say yeah, cause you never know.
We might want to someday, but if we haven't for eight years, I mean, shit, who's going
to buy the ads based on the show.
And uh, you know, we, we, we certainly don't ask for any money from you and we're not going
to ask for any money from you to do this show or what have you.
So all we ask, just help spread the word.
That's all we want.
Uh, thank you guys so much for downloading and uh, wasting your Sunday evening with us.
We really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful week.
We'll be back to do it all again next week.
Yes, we'll be here next week.
Um, next week I've got Conan O'Brien live on Friday, so I know I'll definitely talk
about that even though that really has nothing to do with games, but I've done a few weeks
low key.
Low key wanted me to talk about that, so I will, um, what else is going on next week?
I got Rocky and, and it'll be lots of games.
I'm sure lots more, a magic sword, a double impact and a also world of Warcraft because
my characters have lots of games to play.
Just hit Northrend, my new set of characters.
So lots of fun stuff.
All right, we're out.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next week.
We'll do it all again next Sunday.
Sound good?
Good.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time, the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
