Could a new TV station come to an Xbox near you?
Some big Wii titles get delayed and a Capcom press event confirms all.
Hello my friends all across the internet and welcome to another episode, episode 364 of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the video game program where every gamer has a voice.
Pull up a chair and join us in chat, chat.orangeloungeradio.com as we tape live on this lovely Sunday evening, April the 25th of 2010, right after Bobby Blackwolf has finished his show at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
I heard worse over the weekend Yes I am
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
It was alright.
It was definitely edible this time.
And I just have to say, it's kind of just average.
Really, for the cost, you're better off getting pretty much anything else.
Even stuff from KFC.
Because, I mean, Double Down's like a good, I think, $6.99 or something.
I mean, hell, you can get a lot more chicken for that.
Just get a chicken wing.
Just get a chicken wing.
Just keep it old school.
Barbecue wings or something like that.
That's really where it's at.
It's good stuff.
Don't need the mess of the Double Down.
It's really just an excuse to sell expensive chicken.
That's all it really is.
But yeah, tried it with extra bacon even.
It's kind of okay.
Even extra bacon didn't make it better?
Didn't really make a difference, really.
It was just too much of the white meat chicken flavor.
Alright.
I'm going to our chat room at chat.orangelandredi.com You know we call them the always present fourth guest on the show Because we don't have any special guests tonight We haven't had a lot of special guests at Studio Dark Sakura I don't know what it is The people I invented to were outside in the front yard racing RC cars Or they were Is that what they're really doing?
Yes That's funny I only saw the girls across the street in the Barbie car
Well, that was while when you were just here and sitting here wondering what to do.
Yes.
They were outside actually chasing the dog with the RC cars.
Will's dog went to the pit bull.
And just to bring some light to what DarkSakura said while you were sitting here wondering what to do.
Usually I get to the show about an hour early, right?
I get here to the show because, you know, I want to set everything up, get the mixing board, the mics, the chairs, everything.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, and she even gave me, what is this, like sweet beer or something, soda beer.
Shandy, it's a Shandy Bass.
DarkSakura's trying to get me drunk.
It's beer soda.
I don't know why she's trying to get me drunk.
It's a little too sweet overall, but it's really good because it tastes just like, it's basically like a lemon soda with a little bit of beer in it.
I know we usually start off the show talking about our gaming weeks, but there's some actually really funny personal things I think we have to talk about.
And DarkSakura, this cracked me up.
Something that you have recently added to YouTube.
Give us some background on what's going on here and what happened this past week.
Well, I went to my friend Becky's son's third birthday party.
Well, okay, first of all, first of all, that morning I went to a bar mitzvah.
I hadn't eaten anything, so I won't even go into that.
So I went to Becky's son's birthday party, and he was really cute, and he was wearing like the best shirt ever, which was a t-shirt with a dalek on it.
So I actually managed to get some commentary from him.
And I love this YouTube more than anything.
What?
The first thing... The first thing that got cut off is I asked him what was on his shirt.
Oh, okay.
So, hey kid, what is on your shirt?
Dalek.
What does a Dalek say?
Stimulate.
And my immediate reaction was, DarkSakura, what are you teaching the children?
I didn't teach him that.
It wasn't me.
I didn't do it.
It was either his mother or his aunt or some relative along that vein.
And if you want the chat room shouting, link, link, but I want to give this out so that everybody has it.
It's just on DarkSakura's personal YouTube, which you've given us.
DarkSakuraOLR.
Yeah, just YouTube.
What?
YouTube.com slash user slash DarkSakuraOLR.
Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate
All right, we have breaking... Okay, Becky, because I'm chatting with Becky.
What?
She said that he watched Doctor Who with them and seen a Dalek episode.
Ah, I see.
So he knows what a Dalek is.
All right, well, we got some other breaking news live unfolding.
Breaking news here at the OLR Studio Headquarters.
Breaking News
We go live over to Techmaster Loki with the special report here.
What is going on?
This is unfolding live, actually, literally.
One minute before we went live tonight, we've found something out.
What is going on, Loki?
Apparently one of Jamie's friends messaged me on Facebook by the name of TJ McKimmy and posted a link to a Stockton Craigslist entry
Guess whose number happens to be right there?
Oh, the guy that stole my 360 a while back.
He's trying to offload a PS3 now.
And your money.
Yes, and my money.
So the guy who hacksawed your 360 for real and just ran off with it and never... And if you didn't hear the show about a month ago, long story short, you went out to meet the guy and he was going to do the JTAG thing on your 360 so you could play Espeluda and all that stuff and no more heroes and stuff, right?
Yep.
So he was going to do that to your 360 and he said, you know, come back in a couple hours, which should have been your hint right there, Loki, but you know...
I want to nail him.
I know, and the chatter's going, call him, call him live on air I am not radio professionally I think there's an issue with doing that when you don't have the person's permission I realize he's the bad guy but I worry it would turn into one of those things where the thief falls through the roof and then sues the owners of the home for the fact that he broke his foot trying to break into the house You know what I mean?
So, I can't do anything about it
As we look to the person who can do something about it.
I don't want to drive down to Stockton again.
I mean, it's Stockton.
It's just awful.
Hey, we don't write the news.
We just report it.
I say just call Stockton PD.
It would be funny, but what are they going to do?
They're going to be like, well, it's our word versus yours.
Yeah, I was trying to illegally hack my 360.
It doesn't even matter if that was the case.
I was having solder work done on my 360s motherboard.
And Bobby in chat, because he knows more about radio than I do, says it depends on the state's guy.
Some states only need one side's permission.
Again, it's just one of those things where it's like, you know what?
What about calling Disneyland?
I don't think it would be good radio.
Remember when they called Disneyland?
That was harmless.
That was funny.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know what happened there.
That's very odd.
Xbox guys hacking our network too.
Alright, let's get around 10 minutes into the show finally and we can finally talk about our gaming week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was not.
Oh yeah, I started playing Babylonian Twins.
Now that I finally have gotten my projects out of the way and had a chance to play something, it's really fun.
Oh my god, it's really fun.
But it's definitely, it's like a puzzle adventure game, it really is, because you do one thing with one brother, and then the other one is a statue.
So you actually can use him when one's a statue, you can jump off of him and put him on buttons and levers and things.
So it's just, it's really, really fun.
This is the best way I can say it, it's just really fun.
And I've gotten through like the first, I got through the tutorial level just playing around and now I'm actually doing one of the levels for real.
You know, like I said, I've really been busy doing a lot of other projects, but...
But this is really fun.
It's a fun little game.
And once I play more, I'm actually going to do a little write-up on it.
Oh my gosh, our website might actually get some content outside of the... And don't get me wrong, I love that song, but that's about the only new content our website gets besides show updates.
So that would be great.
I'd love that.
What?
New content for the site.
It'd be great.
Oh yeah.
I mean, we have the I Love That song, but that's it.
You know, we get it.
People love music.
My brain was still on the game, so I was like, what?
Oh, that, yeah.
See, I had already forgotten about it.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay, just playing Grand Theft Auto at work, and that was fun.
And then, let's see, this weekend I played through some of Just Cause 2, just the beginning, because I have a version of the game that has some of the PC mods on it, so that was kind of fun to play around with.
Although, I don't think I ripped it right because a lot of the textures weren't appearing, so it was kind of hard to play.
But it was fun nonetheless, so I re-ripped it, and hopefully it'll work this time.
And then, of course, more Escaluda 2.
This time, I went through the Black Label Novice, and that was fun.
I'll probably play through the rest of the game later on, just kind of go in one version of the game at a time.
Um...
and what else did I play?
I don't think I played any Final Fantasy XIII.
So yeah, I think that's about it, unfortunately.
Star Trek Online Star Trek Online Star Trek Online
I will say this though, obviously I've been going through personal stuff with the job change, yada yada, boo hoo for me, but I mean, well actually it's a good thing, but it just takes away from the gaming schedule.
I will say this, on the Warcraft front I actually did accomplish quite a bit.
I actually got one of my new characters, my warrior that I've been leveling with Alan.
We got those together to Northrend, which is a big event.
We're in the new content, The Wrath of the Lich King.
But I will also say this.
For the first time, finally, this week, I know I'm a little late.
I'm not much of a raider usually.
I don't really run the raids a lot.
And wow, I used to about a year ago, but I don't really do it anymore.
But this week, just randomly, got asked to go.
I went.
I ran Ice Crown Citadel, the new, well, new-ish, it's not that new anymore for a WoW player, but a couple months old raid that's basically the end game right now.
The Lich King is the boss of Ice Crown Citadel at the very, very end.
I was there for a couple hours.
We got to the gunship battle.
I had to go because I had other commitments.
But we fought the first two bosses.
It was cool.
So I can finally say I've seen the inside of Ice Crown Citadel.
Woo!
I need to run it again though because you get reputation just for killing monsters in there.
You can get cool rings and stuff.
So that was it.
I had a pretty Warcraft wonderful week.
I will try to get back into some of the consoles this week.
I know there's some stuff for Game Room coming out.
We'll get to later in the show that I definitely want to get around to.
Although something that somehow missed the show roll so I'll bring it up now.
I heard there were layoffs at Chrome this week.
Apparently the Chrome studio in Australia...
had some big layoffs and didn't they make Game Room?
Yeah.
So are we screwed?
Probably not.
I mean, they have the emulation already set.
It's just putting a ROM with an emulator in place.
Probably not even that, just putting a ROM in place.
Well, they do other games too, though, right?
Yeah, they do other stuff.
So maybe this just impacts the other stuff, because I was reading it had nothing to do with Game Room, even though Game Room kind of met with a reception, but that it was more the fact they didn't get the rights to some Wii game they were going to do.
And I don't remember now.
Somebody in chat will correct me, but there was some game they were supposed to do
DarkSakura.com
Housekeeping Tonight.
Not a lot of show notes.
I believe we're still here every week for the foreseeable future.
Although I will say our anniversary show is creeping up on us.
And our anniversary show is going to be the 27th, I think, of June.
I don't know.
It'll be the 27th or the 20th of June will be our, what, eight-year anniversary show?
Jeez.
I know, right?
So that's in about eight weeks.
And Memorial Day is coming up.
I think we're still all here for Memorial Day.
I don't think.
Is anyone going out of town for Memorial Day?
No.
And we still have a show on Memorial Day.
All right.
No Fonamay this year again.
I might be going, actually.
Are you going to go?
I don't know.
It depends.
I'd like to go and just kind of drop in.
But we keep forgetting to like, oh, yeah, we should like try to get a panel.
But that's got to be set in stone by now.
So we missed out on that one.
Yeah.
Maybe go just to say hey.
We'll see.
All right.
Not that many people come and see us at panels anyways.
I've had fun.
It's always fun.
It was fun.
I don't know.
More people came out of Fonamade than some of the other places I've gone to do panels.
Well, sometimes when you have panels at 7 in the morning, it's not difficult to get a crowd.
Hey, that was fun.
That one kid who showed up had a good time.
I was like, what the hell are we doing here?
Seriously.
All right.
Why'd I wake up early for this?
Did you say that I've done a little bit of cleaning in here?
A little bit?
A little bit.
So I've started the... Your bookshelf looks a lot nicer than it used to.
Massive... It really does.
I've been starting the massive task of organizing this room.
Mm-hmm.
Ugh.
All right.
I'm putting pictures on the thing.
Ray Ayanami in chat says, there aren't any OLR fans at Fonamay anyway.
There's a few.
There's the one guy who every year we're there asks Loki some Mac question.
Like, why are you such a Mac hater?
There's some kid every year.
Because of you.
Because of you.
That should be your response next year.
All right.
Because of stupid design decisions, like, for example, iTunes doesn't work with Windows XP 64-bit for no reason whatsoever other than we want to be douchebags.
Wait, Windows 7 64-bit?
No, Windows XP 64-bit.
Yes, it does.
No, it does not.
No, it does not.
Trust me.
I have experience.
It will not let you install it.
Wait, there's an XP 64-bit?
I didn't even know that.
I know there's Windows 7 64-bit.
That's what I run now.
But, alright.
It does not support it for no reason other than Mac is retarded.
Yeah, you're not a designer, so.
Alright, can we please get on to gaming news and not the PC Mac Wars again?
Jesus.
I put up the pictures on my bookshelf since it's awesome.
Gaming News, Loki
Microsoft to possibly launch an Xbox Live television channel.
Now, this isn't necessarily going to be a channel that we see on TV focused around the Xbox.
It's actually going to be something that's going to appear on Xbox Live.
Apparently, during an April 12th meeting at Microsoft's Reverend Washington office,
Chairman proposed a channel native to the Xbox 360 that would feature reruns and original shows for an additional $1-$2 per month on top of the standard Xbox Live subscription fee.
and so it's basically Peter is talking to lots of people about lots of ideas in the digital space and of course Microsoft is not commenting on it but it kind of fits with the rumor that we had last week that apparently Conan was in talks with possibly Microsoft for doing his show on Xbox Live it's kind of interesting
I don't think it is.
You know what I mean?
Well, it's very risky.
What were the realistic chances of Conan going to Xbox Live anyway?
It's very risky being that it's not established yet.
You don't know what kind of benefits and stuff.
And if the whole thing flopped, then it would be a wasted opportunity.
So it's a more safe bet for him to go to TUS.
But, you know, if...
If Netflix and all that works on Xbox, then why can't this?
I think this would be a good idea.
It just depends on the amount of content that's on here.
Because a lot of people nowadays with cable and satellite bills getting higher and higher, if this is only going to be the equivalent of possibly $12 to $24 a year and the content's good, a lot of people would probably jump on that.
I know I would if it's got some good shows on there.
And even just shows that are on normal cable TV or something like that.
I'd be all for that.
Wouldn't that be ironic though if you were getting your television through cable but it's your cable internet that you're getting your TV through because your Xbox is actually your cable provider?
Well, thanks to the FCC and Comcast and stuff like that, I'm sure that
since now they're trying to not pass those laws and stuff that they'll be able to filter it out.
Oh, Comcast.
Oh, you want to get TV through our cable internet?
No.
I'm sorry.
That's not going to happen.
I really hope that doesn't stick.
I think something's going to happen where that's going to... The minute those little loopholes get exposed, that stuff's going to get revoked plain quickly.
But hopefully it's not just wishful thinking.
I'll be really sad.
But maybe it'll go a long way in trying to get some competitors to Comcast.
Like people will come back to them?
I don't think so.
As far as the Xbox channel goes, though, I remember last week we kind of had a discussion.
I had brought up the PlayStation Tester and all that stuff, and you said something like you didn't really want to watch the Tester because you thought it was going to be a big commercial for Sony.
Well, wouldn't an Xbox Network be a big commercial for Microsoft?
It all depends on what content's on there.
Here's the thing.
The tester where the prize is becoming a Sony PlayStation tester.
Come on.
I mean, of course, it's going to be focusing on a lot of the games that Sony has.
And people are like, oh my god, I'm so excited to play the next big Sony game coming out.
I mean, that's retarded.
And yes, if there was something like that on the Xbox TV channel, I wouldn't want to watch it either because it would just be a waste of my time.
It would still be a damn commercial for something.
Now, if they had something that was, you know, mainstream, like something that's on TV, for example, that might be, you know, that's different.
You know, if they had like episodes of The Office or something like that playing on there or just whatever.
Yeah, but I can get The Office signing onto Netflix.
You know what I mean?
Well, I don't have Netflix.
Oh, okay.
I guess you got me there.
But Netflix is so cheap.
Is it a dollar a month cheap?
No, not that cheap.
Yeah, see?
Alright.
But you'd have to pay for this TV thing too, right?
Isn't that what they were talking about?
Yeah, like an extra dollar or two a month.
That's what they're looking to charge.
I guess that's not that bad.
Would I have to pay that Microsoft phony points?
I don't think so.
Probably not.
That might be interesting.
It'd be interesting if it wouldn't be just... Because, you know, we talk about Xbox, Xbox, Xbox.
But why wouldn't... I mean, if Microsoft's going to launch a TV station, why wouldn't it be available on your computer?
Why wouldn't it be available on your Windows mobile phone?
Something to compete with the iPhone.
Well, who says it's not?
I would think that an Xbox network is not really an Xbox network.
It's a Microsoft network.
well doesn't I mean they have MSNBC maybe streaming stuff from that I don't know I think the MSNBC agreement's a little funky I think it's a little more NBC than it is MS at this point but I don't know I don't know the ins and outs of how all that works so I guess I should stop trying to sound like an expert and move on to another story
Let's talk about the PlayStation 3 since we've had a little bit of Xbox news and talk about PlayStation 3 and there is some feathers being ruffled on the PlayStation 3 this week and it has to do with the game Final Fight Double Impact or as I call it Magic Sword Double Impact.
You see what's happened is that this game will just not run unless you are signed in online on your PlayStation Network account.
If you try to load the game and you're not signed in, you're just going to get a message that says you need to sign into the PlayStation Network.
Well, you know, I know a lot of people, myself included, it doesn't really matter because with the PS3s having the wireless, you know, internet built in and everything, I'm pretty much always connected to PlayStation Network.
There's very little time I'm not playing the PS3 and I'm not online.
But...
I mean, what if my internet went down and I wanted to play a video game, which I do a lot when my internet goes down to kind of pass the time.
You know, if I can't play WoW, I guess I'll go play Xbox or PSN.
So, I mean, this thing's kind of weird.
This is no better than the Ubisoft thing, in my opinion.
No, it's not... You have to understand why they're doing it in the first place.
They're doing it because Sony has this thing, and it's kind of a loophole, basically.
They had a thing where if you download a title, say you buy whatever, you know, a game, Flower, or something like that, you can repurchase or redownload Flower onto five different systems.
Say your system dies or whatever, instead of having to, you know, change your...
and so on.
Capcom apparently wanted to try something because they didn't like the fact that they're losing out on 80% of their sales potentially.
So what they're doing now is they're limiting that to one person now.
So you have to be the person that bought it in order to play the game.
So not only are they making you be online, they are also limiting the fact that you can't share this or re-download it again unless you're the person that used it.
And if it turns out to be a success, this is going to be something that's going on with all their titles going forward.
Well, what's also interesting about this, Capcom actually issued somewhat of an apology later in the week.
A couple days after this news hit, Capcom actually sent out a statement saying,
Capcom would like to formally apologize for the issues consumers are having with the PS3 version of Final Fight Double Impact Typically, the notification for a required PlayStation Network connection appears in the full game description when a game is downloaded from the PlayStation Store Unfortunately, when populating this content, this detail was overlooked and wasn't included in the versions of the game that released in North America and Asia It was included in the release for Europe
Capcom should have checked to make sure the notification was included when the final game was made available, and we sincerely apologize for this oversight.
The DRM requirements for Final Fight Double Impact are not unique to this release.
This protection mechanism has been implemented in numerous games offered on the PlayStation Store before.
Which ones?
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
When it was brought to our attention and the notification was missing, we acted quickly with Sony Computer Entertainment America and a fix is on the way!
Yay!
They're gonna fix it!
Wait a minute.
They're not really gonna fix the DRM, are they?
They're just gonna fix the description.
Probably.
Don't!
That's the hidden subtext there.
We would like to thank our vigilant fans for bringing this to our attention and we will exercise better scrutiny on future Capcom releases.
Next time we might use some lube.
Honestly, here's the thing.
It sucks that you have to be online and yeah, okay, it will suck that you won't be able to play Final Fight if your internet goes out.
Big deal.
Play something else.
I mean, seriously, that can't be the only game you're playing.
and finally, I mean, really the whole reason they're doing this is because people are exploiting a feature in the PlayStation 3 that's really meant for if your system craps out so you can re-download your content.
Do you really want that to be removed later on?
You know, because you have people complaining about it and then your console dies.
Oh, guess what?
You gotta download everything again.
I mean, you have to re-buy everything again.
Hackers of America, break me
It's the same type of logic that you apply to children.
Tell them they can't do something.
What do they want to do?
Do it.
Why don't they just send a fancy wedding invitation on the fancy paper that says you are cordially invited to hack the fuck out of this game?
Because people can't really hack the PlayStation Network right now.
Right now?
This is because they took the Linux out.
But they'll be back.
Okay, I'm booting whoever this recruit is in chat room.
New rule.
You have to have a nickname.
Well, you would have to have one if you want me to read your name, because otherwise there's nothing to read when you guys make lovely chat comments.
Jamie's on the warpath.
I'm getting sick of people who just come in and ghost.
And if you want to ghost, make I am a ghost for your nickname.
But otherwise, don't just be there.
They could be a spy.
They're not a spy.
They are.
I'm kicking them.
What's going to stop a spy from just saying I'm a normal person?
They gave themselves a name.
God, that's... Aw, and right as soon as they gave themselves a name, they got kicked.
Aw.
See, you guys are mean.
All right.
Chat.OrganizeRadio.com.
Some actual comments from chat.
Bochikawa, whether or not they want to get more sales still makes a hassle for the regular legitimate user.
That's going to cost some sales from people not liking the hassle.
You know, Loki, not everybody's home is wired to be on the internet all the time.
Then how are you going to...
Download the damn game.
Well, not wired to be on the internet the whole time.
What possible situation would you have other than your internet going out that you would not be on the internet?
You can't dial up and download games.
Maybe not everybody has wireless internet in their house.
So they actually run a wire when they want to download something, then they pull the wire when they're done.
So they're going to have to run that wire every time they want to play the game.
All the way in the kid's bedroom or something.
I don't know.
I don't think Final Fight's a really good kid's game.
Well, you...
When I say kid, it could be a 15, 16 year old where, you know, if I had a 16 year old, I wouldn't care if he was playing Final Fight.
I could think of worse games.
If they really are out of shape, I'm sure they have, you know, a computer.
Download MAME, download the ROM, done.
Look at that.
Don't even have to be connected to the internet and it doesn't cost you anything.
Frisbee says, and what incentive does paying for DRM infective programs give?
I think the subtext I'm reading there is that when you know this is the case, you should just not buy it.
Or buy it on their system.
I did buy it on Xbox.
I had no idea this is the case.
Apparently a lot of people bought it on Xbox because this took a few days to come out, the news, which maybe says something right there.
I don't know.
Regardless, we're going to see the DRM mania continue for the next few years, I'm sure, as we get into the next system.
That sounds like a Photoshop to me.
Just take drum mania and remove the U out of it.
I was thinking the same thing.
What if the only thing you can find is a percussion freaks machine?
Then you're not looking hard enough.
DarkSakura, what you got for us?
Good news!
Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
They've released the poster art and there's already speculation as to who is going to be in the game.
And so it goes without saying that everything we said last week, yeah, it happened.
Yeah.
Yeah, it happened.
So, of course, for the confirmed characters, we have Morgan, Chris Redfield, Wolverine, Hulk, Ryu, and Iron Man.
Is Chris Redfield the Jill Sandwich guy?
Shermie's trying to get out.
Yeah, from Resident Evil.
Him versus the Hulk.
I'm surprised he hasn't been stepped on and just gone squish.
Yeah, the little trailer they put up was pretty freaking cool.
What did you think of the art style in it?
I liked it.
It totally actually made me think of Street Fighter 4.
I've heard some mixed things on it.
Not everybody I've talked to was a fan of the art style in the trailer.
Well, they can suck it.
It's just like Tatsunoko versus Capcom if you ask me.
At any rate, the speculation on who the other characters are, and a lot of these I actually... Although I have a few speculations of my own from this.
They're showing Felicia, Super Skrull, Captain America, Doctor Doom, although...
I'm sort of thinking Taskmaster, maybe.
Anyway, Deadpool, of course, duh.
Chun-Li, who cares?
Question mark person.
Yeah, I care.
I love Chun-Li.
Oh, yay, question mark person.
I just happened to be looking and they haven't identified that person yet.
There's one back there that could be Iron Fist, Black Widow, or someone else.
Dante and Frank West.
Fuck yes to Frank West Hell yes
Yeah, Dormammu was in it.
Well, they're saying Mephisto got crossed out.
I think that's funny.
But yeah, I don't care.
I just want it.
And you're just going to play Deadpool all day.
Yeah, just Deadpool all day long.
He has to talk the whole time, though.
It's not Deadpool if he does not talk your ass off the entire game.
So they're going to have to pay his voice actor a lot.
We'll see what happens.
And I also want the guy to do the voice actor who does Deadpool in Friends.
Now, there was some reaction in our chat room to you going over those names.
We had Actdeft yelled out, Deadpool!
And then Wyland followed that up by saying, Bea Arthur!
Now, I don't remember what Capcom game Bea Arthur was in.
Was there a Golden Girls game?
No, I have to explain this.
Deadpool has or had a major obsession with Bea Arthur.
And who doesn't?
B. Arthur
I never knew that.
You know, I only, you know, I don't really read comics.
That's no secret.
You know, I just, I just don't.
But I liked the character in the, what, Iron Man movie when Ryan Reynolds played Deadpool?
He played Wade.
Well, he was, well, he was funny.
Yeah.
And lulled.
That's pretty much the type of nonstop talking your ear off I want to hear except, you know, more nuts because he is crazy.
So sadly, they weren't talking about any type of like actual Bea Arthur being in the game.
Now they're bringing a Deadpool, and of course, Deadpool has to be followed by Bea Arthur, and someone hasn't said Chimichangas.
Why wasn't there a Golden Girls video game, actually?
Can you imagine, like, firing up, you know, PlayStation Network, you know, and hopefully the DRM, you guys can still play the game.
The Cheesecake is a Lie!
That's right, and then, you know, you just turn it on, and then... The Cheesecake is a Lie!
Thank you for being
What exactly would you do in the Golden Girls video game?
Eat cheesecake?
Blanche would be a hoe.
Sophia would be angry.
She'd have her anger snark meter.
You know what?
I would like to see this as an XNA game.
Like, I realize you can't do a Golden Girls XNA game because copyright, IP, da-da-da-da-da.
But there's no reason you couldn't do a senior... Silver Ladies.
The Silver Ladies.
The Silver Ladies, you know, adventure game or something.
I always thought it was funny that Estelle Getty played Bea Arthur's character's mom, yet she was younger.
That's what they call makeup.
I love Estelle Getty.
All right.
I like Bea Arthur too.
I used to watch Mod.
Reruns of Mod.
I love them both.
Rest in peace.
Betty White hosting Saturday Night Live next week, by the way.
No, May 8th.
Betty White doing a roast.
I saw her.
It was something else.
She was participating in a roast for somebody.
She is snarky.
I love her.
SSJ100 Matt says, Rob, I'll tell YYR to get right on it.
Please, please make that happen.
I don't care who does it.
We need that to happen.
Ranma says, call it three old biddies.
Actually, weren't there four?
Well, I guess one was the mom, so whatever.
SSJ100 Matt says, wait, wait, is this an OLR dream game?
This is a Rob Roberts dream game.
Three biddies in the hoe.
I don't think it's just me.
I don't think it's just me.
And wow.
And I was like, this is my new favorite person that I've ever heard on a podcast.
She named her character after the Golden Girls.
And I think Michelle or somebody else popped in and said, yeah, I named one of my priests Betty Smite.
That's it.
My next Star Trek character is going to be... I'm just going to name her Sophia the Old.
And pick the old person face and everything.
And make her super short and Ferengi.
I'm going to put that on the list of people I want to have on OLR in the future.
The chick that named her character is Zbornak.
Because that's awesome.
You're a true inspiration to us all.
Alright, let's move on to other gaming news Loki's just sitting here going, what is this show tonight?
I don't know
Well, just like Nintendo to delay some stuff, actually just like anybody to delay some stuff, but Nintendo in this particular instance has delayed two upcoming games that are very highly anticipated, including Sin and Punishment Star Successor and Metroid Other M. Sin and Punishment's only been pushed back a few weeks, from June 7th to June 27th,
and, unfortunately though, the Metroid Other M game, which was originally due on June 27th.
Well, that's been pushed all the way to August 31st.
Oh, that was the day after my birthday and I'm going to have to wait two more months.
That gives me enough time to actually hook up my Nintendo Wii again.
I haven't plugged it in since I moved.
Why are these games being delayed, Loki?
No reason was given other than it's Nintendo just doing Nintendo things.
Do you think that maybe the games aren't finished or they failed some type of quality check or what?
I don't think that they're not finished yet.
I think that they're just spacing out their titles for the rest of the year.
I mean...
They had two games coming out in June that really didn't have anything on the plate for the rest of the summer.
And maybe polishing Metroid Other M a little bit more.
Or maybe they're going to add some gimmicky crap to add on to it.
I hope to God they're not delaying this to add on some vitality sensor support or some crap like that.
Oh, I hope not either.
Well, at least you'll get to play it at E3, I'm sure.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Alright, well, all this news about the Nintendo Wii and the delays leads me into a little something I want to do on tonight's show.
We don't do this very often, especially on the podcast, but we're gonna do a little something called Secret Club tonight is what we're gonna do here on the show.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I have secrets where it's like, hey Rob, I have a secret.
And if you tell anyone this, I'm going to beat your fucking ass with my shoe.
Those I don't tell anybody.
But then there's the ones that's like, hey Rob, I found out this little piece of news and I don't care who you tell.
So this is a little something secret.
The Black Nintendo Wii
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and apparently this actually ties into something we've heard about before because this is the bundle that's also going to include we're not sure and the details were a little sketchy from my source because he couldn't remember if it was that it was coming with just the Wii Motion Plus or if it was the Wii Motion Plus and Wii Sports Resort.
It's Wii Sports
But Loki has previously heard of that there was going to be a new bundle that matched what we saw at Walmart before, but we're putting two and two together.
What Loki had probably heard about before is actually going to be this black Nintendo Wii bundle.
That's right.
There was no color specifications or anything, just basically that they're going to be releasing new bundles soon and that we probably weren't going to get any.
Because they're dicks.
And folks from chat, I haven't heard anything else about the specs.
No, it's not HT.
Dream on, guys.
No, it's just a Wii.
It's just another bundle.
It's the same damn Wii, except here's the difference.
Instead of white plastic, they used black plastic instead.
That's it.
Don't expect anything else.
So, sorry, it's not HD.
And you might be getting an extra free game, because I'm assuming they're also including Wii Sports in there, so you get Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort.
It'd be nice if they added another controller into it.
I doubt it.
Okay.
I think it's supposed to be the same price.
I'm not positive.
It is.
It's going to be the exact... I must have forgot to say that.
It is the exact same price as the Wii you're paying for today.
So in a way, it's a bit of a price drop too.
So I wonder what they're going to do with the... I think it actually may be replacing the old Wii SKUs.
I think it is.
So white Wiis are going to be rare.
That's right.
Super rare.
TigerClaw in chat says, a BlackWee is a no-brainer.
We sort of had a hint of that recently when we saw a BlackWee moat on the most recent trailer for Metroid Other Realm.
Well, they're already selling BlackWee moats, aren't they?
Yeah, they are.
And then the folks overseas are saying, ah, we've already had the BlackWee.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm not controlling the news.
I don't write the news.
I just report it.
The BlackWee is not out in the States.
So they're finally getting it May 23rd.
And that's what I'm telling you is the date.
May 23rd.
Alright, yeah, it's already been out in other parts of the world.
Don't they have other colors too?
Like, remember E3 years ago?
There was like a pink Wii and a blue Wii and all this other stuff?
I don't know.
Let's see, Tiger... No, I'm sorry.
SSJ100Matt says, So wait, the black Wii isn't bigger than the white Wii?
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Everybody's a jokester here at Orange Laundry.
Ha ha ha.
Going back to something we were talking about a little bit earlier...
TigerClaw sent me this link in chat, and I just have to share this with you guys, this link on YouTube that is just pretty fabulous here.
This is what could be... It's an actual... Somebody did this on the NES.
It's like a hack or something.
I don't know what... I don't know what that is.
Some type of hacked NES cartridge or something.
So somebody's already started making my dream game.
All right, let's move on to some real games, shall we?
How about Halo?
Hey, don't tune out.
Halo, I've got Halo updates.
Halo, Halo Reach specifically.
Halo Reach apparently is going to, well, you know...
Halo Reach is coming out soon.
Limited version has a special case, collectibles, and in-game armor.
The $150 option apparently has all of that, but also has, I guess, more unique packaging and in-game armor.
Also, a legendary Noble Six sculpture.
I don't know if that's anything like the little Master Chief hat that you could put on your cat for lols, but you couldn't really put it on your cat, just so you know.
But sounds kind of similar.
Can't you still get that Halo $150 edition for like $60 now discounted at price?
There's people still sitting on that stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not surprised.
Hopefully this will sell a little better, but we'll see.
What do you think about all this game coming out in three different flavors, Loki?
They did it with Halo 3, and it was kind of fun.
But hopefully people have learned, you know, you don't need to spend the money to get a fake helmet.
At least this has a nice sculpture that comes with it.
I wouldn't pay that, though.
Yeah, because if you think about it, you're basically paying, I mean, between $80 and $150.
You're paying like $70 for the sculpture.
You could use that money to get another game if you wanted.
Or you could use it to invest and have $200 next year.
All right.
But there it is.
I realize there are the fans that will pay that money to have every little thing Halo.
And who am I to criticize?
If it was Final Fantasy XIV, I'd probably be doing the same thing.
I'd be like, $150, that's it?
I'm paying the money right now.
DarkSakura.
Well, we've got some word from BimaniStyle about Stride Nasty stuff that's sponsoring it.
And keep in mind, I am completely allergic to it and I don't even like to say the name of it, so it's nasty.
I'll say it, Stride Gum.
Nasty!
Save the Arcades 2.
But Arcade Infinity is actually one of the ones up in the competition for it.
AI has been a really big staple in the Bitmoney community.
They had all the imports in.
They also had that weird Gundam game that was so cool.
And little Japanese ticket games.
And Jammer Lamy.
And it's in LA, in case you didn't know.
A little...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And that's where Loki, did you play some crazy porn game there once?
It was really funny.
I played a lot of crazy porn games there.
That's where I first played Gal's Panic and Dancing Eyes.
But at any rate, the competition is going on until June 15th.
And they're talking about the AI, the owner says that if they win, they want to get Tycho and Jubit.
But you have to play a game of Cowbots 2010 and donate your final score to the arcade you wish to support.
And that's at savethearcades.stridegum.com
Well, I mean, is Arcade Infinity in, like, danger of closing or something?
I mean, haven't they been threatening to close for a little while now?
I don't see anything really about... But they're talking about if they won, they'd get a Jubeet machine and all this other stuff?
Or Ubeat or whatever it's called?
I guess.
Weird.
It's just going on the... Hmm.
The little board there.
Uh, we're not picking you up.
Did you turn your mic?
I'm talking.
Oh.
You weren't talking in the mic.
Oh!
Alright.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, start things off with Super Street Fighter 4.
That's going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Uh, Nier, that kind of a beat-em-up game from Square Enix, coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week as well.
Dead the Rights Retribution, also on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
If you're a fan of sexual innuendo and boobies, Record of Argus War, the limited edition or the, what was it, the naughty, I forget, some naughty edition or whatever, coming out on Xbox 360 does include a mouse pad with fake boobs on it and a pillowcase with some chick on it.
So that's going to be kind of neat.
Harvest Moon Hero of Leaf Valley coming out on PSP Splinter Cell Conviction making its way out on PC this week with wonderful DRM in tow and
FreeRunning, a parkour sim, coming out on the Wii this week.
2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa, coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PSP.
I don't think there's a DS version on that one.
Um...
I believe that's it.
Oh, no, this is actually a pretty good deal.
PixelJunk Monsters Deluxe making its way out on PSP in the UMD format.
They've had this originally on the PlayStation Network, but now you can buy it on UMD.
Only $10.
And it includes, I believe, some of the expansions for that.
They're doing the same thing, too, with Fat Princess coming out a little bit later on in May.
So, not a bad thing at all.
Any of that that you're going to pick up, Loki?
Let me try Super Street Fighter 4.
Yeah, I'm going to pick up Super Street Fighter 4.
But this time I'm getting it on PS3 because I would like to actually be able to control it better.
So that's my whole thought there.
That's why you get arcade sticks, Rob.
Or just play it over here.
You're talking more money.
But they're worth it.
and Xbox 360 in Japan sees the release of Super Street Fighter 4 this week as well in a regular and collector's edition.
Otherwise, Splinter Cell Conviction is your other big release in Japan this week.
See some of the same games we're getting here also get released in Japan at the same time.
Imagine that.
Looking at some other consoles.
Going over to the PlayStation 3.
Same, same.
They also get Super Street Fighter 4 over there.
Regular and collector's edition.
World Soccer winning 11-20-10 gets a price reduction for whatever that's worth if you're a big fan of these soccer sims.
On the Nintendo Wii, not really a lot this week, Base Fishing Wii World Tournament, Andukensa X, and a game called Rooms comes out as well from Hudson.
That's all on the Nintendo Wii this week.
On the PlayStation 2, I like the name of this game, Love Route Zero, Kiss Kiss Labyrinth.
Yes, that's really the name of the game.
Love Root Zero, Kiss Kiss Labyrinth.
It's an adventure game.
I have no idea what you do in this game.
There's no screenshots.
But the box art looks to be like all these dudes in school outfits.
But there's this girl who looks like the prom queen.
Yeah, why am I trying to figure this out?
None of you are going to play it.
I already know that.
None of you are going to play it.
Going on to the handheld systems and looking at what is coming out on the Nintendo DS.
Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 2 is a big release from Squeenix this week on the Nintendo DS.
And lastly on the Sony PSP, Iki Tosun Cross Impact.
And that cross is spelled with an actual X, just to be complicated.
That is coming out in Japan this week.
That is a sequel to a former PSP game.
2D scrolling action, 22 girls in this beat-em-up game.
No, it's not Arcana Heart.
And their clothes come off, sort of.
Is that really what this is about?
Well, that's what Ikitoshin's about.
Based on what I've seen, I guess.
Nice.
No, it's they fight and their clothes rip in very provocative ways, I guess.
also Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker I bet some of you guys might want to get that there's also a full PSP pack for that game coming out and I just like the name of this game Marriage Royale Prism Story is also coming out it's an adventure game I don't really know what happens in this game I guess it's like you play the girl going to get married but I want to point this out there's a screenshot here where you have these three cute little anime girls they're like working out or something but they forgot their pants that is tragic actually
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, so if you want some culturally different things there, you can check out that game, but you probably won't.
Alright, how about the UK, DarkSakura?
Yeah, how about them?
How about it?
On the 28th, Serious Sam HD, The Second Encounter.
The 30th, 2010 FIFA World Cup, yay.
30th, God of War Collection, Iron Man 2.
Splinter Cell Conviction, Super Street Fighter 4, WarioWare Do It Yourself, and Wings of Prey.
That's it.
Too bad it's not the Birds of Prey making its way to a video game.
That would be kind of awesome.
Or not.
Alright, Loki.
Ah, yes.
Okay, so we talked a little bit.
I said that we had
Splinter Cell Conviction coming out this week and there's horrible DRM in tow.
Well, that might not be that big of a problem.
Apparently the hacker community, which I thought this happened weeks ago, but maybe they finally figured out how to do it the correct way.
They have found a way to get rid of the DRM that's in
Skid Row
Fun name.
Awesome.
And, you know, it is a little bit different.
Before they had different hacks that were just emulating the authentication server or they were finding some way to trick this, but this actually removes the DRM from the title.
So that's interesting.
Now, Loki, your pal Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the hack before worked up until a certain point of the game, then it locked up.
So this must be news that now it's working for the entire game.
There you go.
So, Loki, I mean, does this really surprise you?
Because I kind of look at this and go, yeah, I already thought this happened too.
I thought this happened within days after the DRM.
I'm not surprised.
Especially, you know, something like this that's annoying a lot of people.
Not only...
The fact that they're coming out and saying, oh, this is going to stop piracy of our titles, it just goes to show you're going to waste money on this.
I mean, it slows people down, but it definitely doesn't stop it.
And really, in the end, the only people who get hurt are the people that legitimately buy the game.
Of course, now, if you don't like the DRM, you can just go search online for the crack.
I understand the need for DRM.
I'm not somebody who says, oh, every game should just not have DRM at all.
I just think what Ubisoft was doing was overkill.
I mean, come on.
When you disconnect from the internet at all, your game dumps.
Do you know how much I get disconnected from World of Warcraft because Comcast decides to fart on me and I'll be in the middle of something and it completely screws up my game?
Oh my gosh, at least that isn't a long-term irritating thing.
Whereas I could see if I'm playing through one of these games and I'm not at a safe point, maybe I just cleared a really tough part of the game, it's like, oh, you're screwed, you've got to do it again.
Yeah, it'd be different if it was like, okay, we noticed it disconnected, we're saving your progress now.
And you can restart here later once it...
I don't know.
The thing is, I'm not buying their games on PC.
Even if I were buying their games, which I'm not.
So...
Alright Well, a couple last stories for you guys Then we're going to get into the classic game of the week Where DarkSakura is going to walk down the vaults of gaming's history And pick out a game that she thinks you kids ought to check out this week But first, something about a newer series Something that's kind of been a bit under the radar And I think that is a pity And that is DJ Hero DJ Hero, of course, we know that DJ Hero is getting a sequel this year And little, little details are starting to trickle out about it
DJ Shadow apparently is going to be working on the next DJ Hero He actually said in an interview on Radio 1 It was interesting, I'm actually working on the next one as well But yeah, it was a trip So there you go, he's going to be in the second game Also notable, he was in the first game too So he's like a repeat And I kind of figured that would happen How many world famous DJs are there?
Are there really enough?
World famous guys.
There's a lot of them.
World famous, meaning America famous too.
There are a lot of DJs, I think, out there that are world famous.
But how many of them are you going to get to be in DJ Hero?
I was very disappointed that they had DJ Jazzy Jeff and there were no Will Smith songs in there at all.
No mixes with Will Smith track in there.
That was very disappointing.
Mm-hmm.
Well, there you go.
DJ Shadow is going to be in the next game in DJ Hero 2.
But DJ Hero 1, All Love Is Not Lost.
Loki, you'll be happy to hear this.
There's actually another track pack coming out.
Yeah, this one I'm actually kind of excited about.
The last ones kind of suck.
Darude's Sandstorm mixed with Josh Wink's Higher State of Consciousness is one of the songs in the new DLC Danny Bird's Red Mist VIP is coming out as well and then this song Wolfgang Gartner's Wolfgang's Fifth Symphony let me start off by saying that this song reminded me of something that you would see in DDR and here's a little clip of what this song sounds like
and me.
Boom Boom Rocket, The Domination Pack
But yeah, I guess that song sounded okay.
It was a little noisy for me.
But I guess that's because there was so much mixing going on.
I don't know.
I think that that's the thing.
Some of the effects are a little overdone.
There's people that are going to like it, don't get me wrong.
Good for them.
Alright, I don't know if I'll buy it.
I'm curious to hear what the other songs sound like though.
Anyhow, let's get to the part of the show where we like to take a trip down the halls of gaming history.
DarkSakura is going to jump into the vault and dive in and find a game that she says, hey, you ungrateful little children.
Because she says that a lot when she's not teaching him Doctor Who references.
I didn't teach him that.
Oh, my bad.
He watches Doctor Who.
You kids ought to be playing this classic video game so you can see where the games of today came from.
DarkSakura, what is the classic video game of the week this week?
Warcraft, Orcs and Humans Oh snap I put it in for all of you addicts who don't know your roots Fair enough, Warcraft, Orcs and Humans Freaking boring ass game
This game is awesome.
Shut your mouth.
See?
I wanted that reaction.
So I didn't put this in really for me because I hate real-time strategy games.
I don't like them.
I do not have fun with them.
But there are enough of you who don't...
I actually mentioned to someone, I was like, you know, when World of Warcraft was coming out, I was like, so did you play Warcraft before?
No, it just came out.
Poor child.
I see.
So tonight is about edumacation.
It's about edumacation.
So yeah, it's a real-time strategy game.
It came out in 1994, November 1994, and came out on the Mac in 96.
And it was a sequel, Warcraft 2, Tides of Darkness.
And then, of course, Warcraft 3, Warcraft.
Warcraft 3 came out not too long ago, which if you look on Dan's little shelf there, he's got a copy.
So Dan obviously likes it.
Um, and, uh, it's basically, um, you know, like I said, real-time strategy where you have the humans of Azeroth against the invading orcs.
Ooooooh.
And then both sides have to fight off wild monsters.
Ooooooh.
But sometimes you can enlist the monsters.
Ooooooh.
So basically you've got your melee groups, you have ranged groups, and spellcasters.
It is built off of the Dune 2 gameplay, which is like build a base, build an army, destroy the enemy, blah blah blah.
Different mission types where you have rebels of each player's size so you can rescue rebuilt towns and friendly forces and do all this other stuff.
And you also had to be able to efficiently use your platoon.
Also in one mission you have to kill the orc chief's daughter or something.
It also let you use land so that you could play against each other.
So it had that start of the MMO, remember?
Sort of, yeah.
Like the old school Battle.net, yeah.
But I was more Diablo on Battle.net.
Well, you have to go through with this.
You also have to cultivate your resources.
You have to be careful about where you dig for gold, where you chop your wood.
If you exhaust your resources, then you have to get them differently.
You have to basically regrow your forest while you're
Um...
Yeah, you know, it actually was... See, I thought that it was... I played some a little bit, but like I said, I don't really care for RTS games.
I'm sort of like, what?
I can play them, and I'm good at them.
I'm just sort of like, what?
This is boring.
But it clearly caught on, I mean, because remember we had StarCraft.
You know, the whole...
I guess themes to the game sort of caught on to and now we've got World of Warcraft making it less sucky.
Again, this is Jamie who does not like RTSs.
I actually own this game and I loved it.
There is actually an RTS game that I like but it's a Macross game that came out on the PC Engine CD.
I will say this though, I am weird I fully admit I'm weird because I don't really care for StarCraft and I to this day have never played Warcraft 3 we've got it right here I just for some reason have never played it I really should because maybe some of the stuff in World of Warcraft would make more sense but yeah, I have played the old school Warcraft and I did play Warcraft 2
And I actually tried to make it a point to put in games that I can be really excited about, but it was just, you know, it seemed to me that with everybody being all World of Warcraft, World of Warcraft, blah blah blah blah blah, you know, it helps to know where it came from.
It helps to go back to your roots.
So as far as other ones that came out, though, it did have some predecessors, things that actually...
would inspire the game and build the groundwork for it.
There was definitely some competitors.
Like I said, Dune 2 and then Warcraft Works and Humans came out after that.
And then there was actually a random map generator that was for it.
And that came from Civilization Robots.
I thought that you'd find that interesting.
Command and Conquer actually borrowed from Warcraft and Age of Empires put all of them in in the random map generator when it came out.
Modern Wars for the Commodore 64 incorporated the use of land play.
So it really, not only was it influenced by some others, but it actually pulled influence.
It's actually even listing Realms as an old Amiga and Atari ST game as being an influence on it.
And of course for sequels, we got Warcraft 2, Tides of Darkness in 95, and Warcraft 2 Beyond the Dark Portal in 96.
And then...
Coming out later, of course, was Warcraft 3, Reign of Chaos.
And then there was StarCraft, like I said, and StarCraft Brood War and World of Warcraft.
And soon StarCraft 2 for URTS fans.
Yeah, I was about to get to that.
Oh, sorry.
So yeah, Warcraft, you know, it's expanded.
There's card games, comics.
There's a ton of books.
You've seen the books, I'm sure.
There's actually a film called Warcraft in production to be out in 2011.
Yeah, Spider-Man dude's doing it, right?
And Army of Darkness, right?
Yeah, I think there's also board games too.
But yeah, Warcraft really did kind of spur a whole, you know, a whole big thing.
11 million people can't be wrong, or can they?
Addicts.
Addicts!
Your classic game of the week.
A true classic indeed in every way, shape, and form.
Don't listen to DarkSakura.
No, I'm not saying it's a bad game.
I'm saying I don't like RTSs.
And even, that's including ActRaiser.
Warcraft, oh, you don't like ActRaiser?
I didn't say I don't like ActRaiser.
ActRaiser is a good game.
I get bored, bored, bored after a while.
Oh, I'm gonna cry.
Rob, there's a difference between thinking something is crap and just not liking the genre of it.
Yeah, I can see that.
I'm trying to think if there's something I feel that way about.
I do every so often, like, you know, smiting people in Actraiser.
See, I would say that's how I feel about sports games, but, like, I can go back and play old school sports games, no problem.
Like, I love Tecmo Bowl, Blades of Steel, like, the way they used to be before they just got... Super high impact.
Like, yeah, before they got, like, really complicated.
But that's my point, you know.
I'll start playing and I'll be like, yeah, this is cool, and then I'm like, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
Not my thing, not my thing.
I might have liked Warcraft, but I wasn't very good at it.
I never got very far in it.
Like, I'm not good at RTSs.
This whole thing, I can do the strategy just fine.
I just get bored with it.
It's not really my thing.
Alright, fair enough.
If you would like to suggest a classic game of the week, too bad, DarkSakura doesn't take suggestions.
By the way, actually.
But you could always try the mailbag.
I need help from the chat room.
I'm looking for a PlayStation copy of NBA Jam.
If you find it, no matter what variety of version it is for the PlayStation, first PlayStation, let me know.
What's the reason?
Dan wants it.
And it's actually hard to find.
Really?
Yes.
We are looking to add it to the collection because we have everything else.
We want completion for our NBA Jamage.
Boom shakalaka.
He's on fire!
He's been seriously back there in the vault playing NBA Jam for days in a row.
If you could find the PlayStation 1, you could play it on a PS3.
Which is the cool thing.
Because PS3s, they all have backwards compatibility no matter what one you have.
Yes, but we also do still have a functional PlayStation.
Oh, nice.
That still had the IO port and everything so we can use our little clip-in thing.
Good times.
But I want help finding it.
Even if you find a... I don't want to say this on the air.
Even if you find a burn of it somewhere, let us know.
Because really, we're wanting to just check it out, but we would prefer a legit copy.
Alright.
You might want to look at chat.
Somebody's speaking up there.
Lama Juice says, I think I have a copy.
Oh, there you go.
You better go find that out.
Alright.
If you would like to help DarkSakura out, mailbag at orangeentree.com or join our chat room right now, chat.orangeentree.com
Hey guys, that's the end of Part A, but we still have plenty more show to come.
We have more to come in Part B tonight, including some other news out of the Capcom event this week.
I mean, a lot of it we reported last week as rumors.
They've turned to fact.
But we do have some extra details to come with that.
We'll get into that as well.
Some big rumored games for Xbox Live Arcade.
Some more in the ongoing Infinity Ward saga.
And much more coming up when we come back after a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks for watching!
Marvel vs. Capcom News
DRM Debate, Television on the Xbox, and plenty more news to go through this week.
Loki, why don't you start us off with some fast news tonight?
Yes, there's some WiiWare releases coming soon on May 17th.
including the next title in the Bit.Trip series, Bit.Trip Runner will be coming out that day on WiiWare and also there's some summer DSiWare release dates as well to share including Photo Dojo which looks like a side-scrolling fighting game that uses a DSi's camera to add you to the game.
That's kind of neat, I guess.
Kind of gimmicky, but fun.
Earthworm Jim, coming out also on May 10th, and apparently I guess that's going to be an update to the SNES version of the game.
Really, another Frogger game.
Frogger returns yet again on... People must be buying him, Loki.
They wouldn't be selling him.
Konami has Frogger.
Go Konami.
Metal Torrent on May 24th is an Akira-developed shmup game.
It looks pretty awesome.
Uh, Xscape is, I guess, a sequel to a Game Boy title.
Or, I guess, a title X from Q Games.
And, uh, it's like a first-person tank combat game.
But really trippy looking.
And then, uh, some other stuff coming out.
Um...
Hero of Sparta on May 31st, Flame Trail on June 7th, and A Cappas Trail on June 14th.
Then also, another title that's going to be...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Trick the user into viewing the environment in a three-dimensional fashion.
You basically tilt the screen around, and doing so will change your perspective in the game.
It's basically kind of a hidden objects game, I guess.
It looks kind of cool, so that will be coming out as well.
and then non-DSI related stuff.
Battlefield Heroes is going to be getting some more upgrades in the form of jetpacks as well as some new maps and new game mode.
They're going to be getting... That's funny.
I forgot that they had the Michael Jackson content that one time.
Anyways...
I guess they're going to be getting a new map called Midnight Mayhem and a new mode that's going to be called V2 Vengeance where players must capture and control a giant rocket.
But hey, look, see they're bringing out jetpacks before Halo Reach can.
Do you think that's why they're doing it?
Maybe to get the jump on it?
I don't know.
Just to be fun.
Super Breakout from Atari
Pitfall and Megamania from Activision.
I don't remember Megamania.
Is that a game that rings a bell to you, DarkSakura?
Megamania by Activision.
I know the name, I just don't remember the game.
I can't remember it either.
I certainly know Pitfall.
Night Stalker from Mattel.
I'm assuming that's in television.
Rack Em Up by Konami, Real Sports Volleyball by Atari, and Basketball by Atari.
So those are all some new game room releases.
Certainly I think Pitfall and Breakout are probably the standouts there.
Although I want to say Megamania.
Ringing a bell.
But there's some other stuff on Xbox Live.
This week we had Puzzle Chronicles and Afterburner Climax.
You know, I meant to check out Puzzle Chronicles, even though it looked a little weird.
The next week is Tecmo Bowl on the 28th.
Woohoo!
So that's pretty cool.
Also some Mega Man 10 releases on the 28th.
The Endless Attack Mode and two more special stages.
Special Stage 2 and Special Stage 3.
And then Bioshock 2 gets the Rapture Metro Pack on April 29th.
I'm surprised that they're even doing that, seeing as the game came out, what, two years ago?
I mean, seriously?
Farmeville is expanding beyond Facebook.
And this would be because of a website, I guess, that spies on domain names that people are registering.
And Zynga, the company behind Farmville, has registered FarmvilleAndroid.com, FarmvilleiPad.com, FarmvilleiPhone.com, and FarmvilleSMS.com.
And those are all domain names that are registered by the Farmville folks.
There you go.
By the way, I guess they're all also forwarding to Farmville.com.
So there you go.
Yeah, so needless to say, FarmVille is slowly taking over the world.
Run while you still can.
No further word about Fishville or any of that yet.
Also worthy of mention, there's a rare NES game called Euphoria.
Not like EU, but U-F-O-U-R-I-A, Euphoria.
It's been rated by the OFLC, which is the Australian Ratings Board.
This means that a virtual console release is likely possible today.
What's interesting about this game, it's pretty rare, but it was actually done by Sunsoft.
You might remember Sunsoft recently as kind of having like a re-arising or a re-awakening, if you'll call it.
They put out Blaster Master on Virtual Console.
There was that OK Blaster Master upgrade game that also hit Virtual Console.
now apparently Euphoria the Saga is coming out as well it's a Metroidvania type of game is what they're saying it's a NES game and it stars this character you get separated from his friends and you are looking through the world for your lost companions I guess it's kind of like Goonies 2 in that regard hey actually that sounds kind of awesome Goonies 2 is kind of Metroidvania too so there you go the game was released in Europe just so you know but I don't believe it was ever released actually in the US hence why it's rare nope
so there you go, Euphoria, possibly on Virtual Console, but usually those ratings news means, yeah, yeah, they're coming it's a cute little game
Real quickly before Jamie takes over with some news, the chat room is again complaining that the stream had failed and I guess we blacked out for a little bit there.
Unfortunately, we don't know what causes it.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to clarify because you guys are hearing that little bumper that says, all games is switching between it's live and on demand, then that must mean it's on our end and it's not the all games computer.
However, we are not doing anything out of the ordinary.
There's no one else's here but us threes.
There's no Xbox games going on or nothing.
So you can thank
Jamie's lovely internet provider.
Comcast.
It's Comcastic.
They were a wonderful shade of crap this morning.
You know what?
My Warcraft has been going down, too, in the area.
So you know what?
Nobody's running porn.
We did a porn check.
Everything's fine.
We gotta keep on rolling with the show.
Sorry, guys.
Oh, by the way, I do want to clarify that specifically it is tournament edition.
NBA Jam tournament edition for PlayStation that I'm looking for.
Nice.
Yes, there's some on Amazon, but Dan hasn't told me I can buy it yet.
Anyway, broadband updates.
We have some new tracks coming out.
There is Busted, Thunderbirds Are Go for $160.
Microsoft Points and 200 Wii Points Flyleaf again and Silverchair tomorrow I don't see anything about an actual pack just the three tracks also somebody finally beat Castlevania with a DDR pad
The old school Castlevania, like the first one, this dude named Nick Hagman played the Virtual Console original Castlevania using a DDR Mario Mixed Controller and it took 62 lives in more than 4 hours, but he did it.
Wait a minute, I'm looking at the YouTube here of the guy, I guess, who did it here.
Let's see if we can fast forward.
I don't want to hear his little monologue.
I just want to see him play.
And it looks like he's... Is he really stepping around, or is he just kind of like... I think he's sitting.
Well, in some pictures, he's just sitting, kind of using his hands.
But now in this YouTube, I'm looking where he's fighting Dracula.
He is actually using his feet to do it.
So...
because I was going to criticize this a little bit if he was actually just sitting there kind of hitting the buttons, but apparently he's actually dancing around.
I wonder if this kid lost weight doing it, although he looks pretty skinny to begin with.
Wow.
I slayed Pounce and Dracula.
Congratulations, I guess.
Yay for you.
You have more time than I do.
A winner, it's you.
Marvel vs. Capcom comic books
The Adventures of Deadpool and Dan
Deadpool and Dan The actual Dan is here to say something Disney vs. Capcom Disney vs. Capcom I want Deadpool and Dan How would that work?
Deadpool and Dan Alright
Show us your tweets.
Where's the tweets?
Here we go.
TheShadowSniper sent us some tweets saying, I'm unable to listen live because I work late Sundays.
I do carry around my Blackberry.
Is it possible to listen live through my phone?
Ooh, unfortunately, we know of an iPod app, an iTouch app, and I guess it runs on the iPad, so iEverything app.
that's the all games radio app if you just search for all games or allgames.com in the iTunes store that's a great way to listen unfortunately you're asking about the Blackberry my advice would be get one of those there's got to be like a radio tuner type app depending if your Blackberry has apps you would actually be able to tune into the feed directly it's just a shoutcast feed so any feed that will do shoutcast streams you can listen to all games radio on so check that out
TheShadowSniper also asks, what game ending is your favorite because of its twist ending or its great conclusion?
This is a good topic I don't think we've talked about in a very long time.
Favorite video game ending, DarkSakura?
Huh?
Favorite video game ending?
Favorite video game ending.
It was a twist?
Doesn't have to be.
It says, what was your favorite because of its twist or great conclusion?
Okay.
I don't really know.
I don't really think I have one.
I mean, I loved all the million endings for Chrono Trigger.
You know, that goes without saying.
I loved the multiple endings for Symphony of the Night.
Oh no, Richter's dead.
Oh no, he was controlled by Shaft.
You know.
I have to say that my favorite ending is Maria's ending from Dracula X.
Where she's walking along with her little happy mamba music and all of her little animal buddies are following her along.
Yeah, because that really goes with the Castlevania game.
Loki?
I like the ending to Final Fantasy VI.
I was kind of going to go along those lines too and say Final Fantasy 4 was actually my favorite ending.
It was like a 20 minute epic ending back in the day.
Good stuff.
That was one of my favorite endings.
As far as like a twist ending, I'm trying to remember games that had like a twist that made me go like, oh my gosh.
I don't know.
For some reason I'm not thinking of any off the top of my head right now.
Plus, you have to remember I have gamer ADD so I don't beat a lot of video games.
I play them for about an hour and then I'm like, ooh, shiny.
I'm going to go play something else.
So...
but yeah you know the Final Fantasy series is always dependable for good endings I think those are definitely up there so alright also I always love the endings in Street Fighter 2 the little stories that were just so random and you know those were always favorites of mine too
Uh, let's see, SpazinatorPSN says, I can't exactly say when, but hopefully if all goes well, down the time I anticipate some epic news.
Well, you can't just leave it at that.
You gotta say what the epic news is.
Okay, Tigerclaw gives us like a ton of gaming links, and we don't have time to read them all.
I'm sorry, it's kind of a lot.
We got a lot of Twitter topics tonight.
But I'll read at least a couple of these here.
Um...
Yosho Inori Ono says, ask Capcom if you want another Darkstalkers game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So, anyhow, he says that he always tries to talk about Darkstalkers in interviews, and he wants to show Capcom that there's a demand for a new game.
He says, quote, I am desperate to make this game.
That's a pretty bold statement.
So, you know, flood Capcom with your letters.
You know, when you're going to send your hate mail about their DRM, you might want to just send some postcards to it and say, oh, by the way, PS, new Darkstalkers, please.
But don't screw it up with DRM.
Don't you dare.
Sony is going to be discontinuing the 3.5 inch floppy disk in Japan I want a box of them
To make something out of them.
They were first introduced in 1981 and really sold broad in Japan in 1983.
They had their peak in the year 2000, but as you can probably imagine, now that you have USB drives and CDs and other types of storage mediums, whatever happened to zip drives?
Remember, zip drives are going to be like the next big thing.
I still have like three zip disks around here somewhere.
I have a zip drive, or I had a zip drive.
Remember the zip drive?
That's what I used to download stuff with.
I make my portable drive.
So there it is.
Bye-bye, three-and-a-half-inch sloppy.
That's like when they got rid of the Polaroids, man.
Remember when that happened?
All right.
Let's see.
One other one.
I'll give Tigerclaw one more story because I'm nice and he gave a lot.
He also sent us a link to a story about early 3D games on PS3 featured downgraded graphics.
It's a story he linked us to on Kotaku.
Oh.
That's a whole other thing we should get into at some point tonight.
Did you hear about the whole Gawker Media who owns Kotaku?
One of their other little websites.
Did you hear about this whole mess about the iPhone that was found at the bar?
Yeah.
And this company that bought it for like $5,000 or something like that and leaked all the information on it.
And now they want it back.
Well, they got it back.
What a mess.
In pieces, right?
No, that'd be $5,000, please.
Well, they probably put it back together.
But yeah, that was a sister blog to Kotaku, so...
Yeah, I don't know.
There's more I could say on it, but I'm kind of getting to the point where I just don't care.
It happened, whatever.
Oh my god, fourth generation iPhone?
I know.
What?!
I just think the way it all went... That is so surprising.
The way it all went down was a little bit, I don't know the word, I think tacky.
The one that really rubbed me the wrong way was the story they ran on the guy who lost it.
You know...
Hey guys, look what I brought with me I'm so drunk
does it necessitate him being splashed all over this blog and all the details about his Facebook and all this stuff it's tacky, it's just tacky
Anyway, so Tacky Website Sister reports that PS3 apparently might have some downgraded graphics.
I guess Wipeout HD usually will run in 1080p, which is considered, you know, it's the Uber HD.
It has to actually be scaled back to 720p to run in 3D.
MotorStorm, its top resolution was 720p.
It actually has to be scaled back to less than that, which would not even be considered HD, in order to run in HD.
That's not true.
No, less than that.
It's not considered HD.
It's basically pulling a Halo where they just up-res everything.
But it's not true HD.
Wasn't Sony the same company that marched out there and said, we have true HD on all of our games?
Yeah, just like all of our games are going to be 1080p running at 120 frames per second.
Smoke goes towards my ass.
Yeah.
It's not surprising that they're going to have to cut down the graphics a little bit, but I don't think you're going to really notice when everything's flying towards you.
Obviously, it's going to take more processing power to display those images.
It's going to have to refresh twice as fast.
Whatever, I'm so over 3D.
Like, fuck 3D.
Seriously.
I'm over it.
Like, now it's just like everything.
Every fucking movie's in 3D, and every game's gonna be redone in 3D.
3D this, 3D that, 3DS.
Fuck 3D.
Fuck it.
Blue Swim.
You're gonna get a 3DS.
Maybe.
We'll see.
If it hurts my eyes, I don't know.
Hey, I have one.
It's called Virtual Boy, and it gave me a migraine.
Alright, moving on.
BlueSwim on our Twitter sent us a tweet that says, Any thoughts on the new DDR game coming out for the 360 later this year that features Coldplay and Jordan Sparks?
And then links us to the thing.
I thought this game was coming out last year.
What happened to the last DDR game?
I thought that was going to be last year's DDR game.
What happened?
It got delayed a year?
It's not a new DDR game.
It's still that last one that hasn't come out yet.
The one that was at last E3.
They're like, we're just going to call it Dance Dance Revolution because that's not confusing at all.
Blue Swim, it's really hard to say until we see the game in motion I mean, I can look at the song list and go, meh, whatever But I really want to see if they finally took the advice of, you know, just rebuild the game from the ground up It sounds like they might have, because it's supposed to have all these new modes and stuff But I'm not going to hold my breath, let me put it that way I'm kind of over DDR, so it's going to take a lot to bring me back
I know that's a sad thing for me to say, but I guess even a new Beatmania 2DX game was announced this week, and I was just kind of like, eh, whoopee.
Whoopee.
Let's see, DarkTetsuya sends us a tweet that says, I found this on the LaMulana WeWear blog.
It's an interesting article about religion in video games.
Hmm.
All right, let's see what this is all about.
I'm going into the...
One of the difficult things when Japanese make games for foreign countries is the problems with faith.
From the historical background of Japan, the interest in faith has been weak.
It's difficult to understand the feeling of things such as making vows with a hand over the Bible during the presidential inauguration or how Islamic faith views the absolute moral.
I'd like to briefly explain the view of faith in Japan
Thanks for watching!
And the faith born from within the continent's culture exists a god.
Even though there is a difference between monotheism and polytheism, thinking about the many existing fears, living beyond a vast continent and harness of nature could have brought forth the absolute existence.
Da da da goes on to talk about the do not waste philosophy and so on.
Meaning there is no harm meant when Japanese games add elements from the beliefs of foreign countries.
and it can't just end there so what's okay and what's bad needs to be thought out because there's no such rule existing what's the best is to have the world's religionist check but that would not be possible so it's just kind of interesting to read this blog kind of talking about you know these guys having to consider this and all the development of La Mulana when you know it's maybe not such a big deal in some parts of the world but they've got to be careful not to offend because everything's got to be politically correct so
If you want to check that out, la-mulana.com slash en for the English one.
And this is called Problem of Faith.
And I'll link it to you guys in the chat.
But those of you listening to the podcast, la-mulana.com slash en for the English version.
Okay.
Last couple tweets here.
And then we got to close up the Twitter.
Alex P. Carson on Twitter says, 364 episodes.
Not bad.
You guys are my second favorite podcast.
Second favorite?
Second favorite?
Want to guess who we lose to?
Who?
Dignation.
I know.
Rob's going to have a diva stomp.
We're just going to have to try harder.
But he says keep up the good work.
No, I'm all joking.
You know, whatever.
I can say I've never listened to an episode of that show, so I don't know.
Maybe they're awesome and I just don't know.
It's, well, Kevin... Yeah, I know who's on it, but does that make me care anymore?
No.
This is so hard to read.
Alright.
Well, because it's a translate thing.
It's like a Google Translate.
Okay, I hope that's all it is, just because it's just kerned badly.
Well, it's developed by Japanese, obviously, so it's just probably run through the Google Translate.
And then Spazinator sends a last tweet saying, Sorry, I'm nixing the epic news.
Oh, well, I know something you don't know.
Never mind.
Whatever.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
Then we're going to get to our Skype line a little later in the show.
1-877-GAME-OL-LARB.
Not yet.
We've got some more gaming news and mailbag and all that fun stuff.
Loki, why don't you get us back to gaming news?
Yes.
Well, one of the things that was announced, I want to say Tokyo Game Show, WOMAC.
was that for Dead Rising 2 they're going to be doing some sort of different things other than the last game of course one of them being co-op in the game and in fact they are going to allow you to play through the entire single player campaign with another person which is awesome and really the way they should have done it in the first place and then also let's see here
Great, and then that disappeared for some reason.
Go Comcast.
Now the other player that you play as, I'm not sure if it's, I guess it's a clone of your own character.
They're both Chuck Green, not some other character that you play as.
But it's going to be pretty awesome.
And they're going to have some different mini-games you can play as well.
I want to say there's like card playing and different events and stuff that you can do.
But hey, that's pretty sweet that they're going to have something other than just like that deathmatch American Gladiator-esque mode in the game.
Yeah, I gotta admit, co-op sounds kind of rad.
So I'm looking forward to that.
Yeah.
So, um, and then one of the other things I saw too, um...
They were talking a little bit about the demo slash prequel game that they're going to be putting out.
I want to say, what was it called?
I can't remember.
Anyways, that should be coming out pretty soon, I would think, because I think Dead Rising 2, if I remember correctly, is scheduled for August right now.
Well, right now, but we just heard about a bunch of other games getting pushed back, so maybe these games will get pushed back too.
Yeah, maybe, but Capcom usually doesn't move stuff around too much.
We'll see what happens.
God, I just can't wait to play the game, though.
Yeah, the more and more I'm hearing about it, the more it sounds kind of awesome, even if Frank West isn't in it after all.
Well, it'd be funny if he made a cameo.
I mean, you never know.
They're saying that he's not in it now, but I mean...
Bionic Commando Re-Arm 2 Re-Design Re-Build
And I guess the big thing now is that he can actually, like, jump.
Now.
That takes up the point.
Yeah, so now he can jump and use the arm.
So there it is.
That's the big change in Bionic Commando Rearmed 2.
It will be on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live the first quarter of 2011.
New weapons, attacks, and all that fun stuff.
It's being developed by Fatshark.
Because, you know, Grin did the first one, right?
And they're not there anymore.
New physics based puzzles, there will actually be a two player co-op in this game as well New graphics, new score, but it will be inspired by NES Which kind of brings me back to what makes this game very interesting in the first place Bionic Commando Rearmed was an upgrade of an actual NES game that existed called Bionic Commando So this is a sequel to a retro remake that isn't based off anything
Isn't that weird?
I don't know if it's not based off anything.
Some of the stuff reminded me of the arcade game by Commando.
Wasn't there a rumored sequel in development too that just didn't end up happening?
I want to say I had read a while ago that there was a rumored sequel in development, so maybe some of this is bits and pieces of that.
But still, the point remains, you have a sequel to a retro game that doesn't actually exist, which I find very interesting.
X-10
DarkSakura
Jet Set Radio Jet Set Radio
It could be, it could not be, it could have just been a placeholder by someone wanting to... You know, because Sonic 4 Episode 1 is on the list, but other stuff like Quake Arena Arcade, Xenoclash... That's real.
Yeah.
So it's real?
Yeah, it's real.
It's off of... That's the PartnerNet stuff, some of which has already been leaking online, and they're cracking down on it pretty big, so...
I was like, it's in French.
No, it's the same guys that released information.
I'm not sure if it's the same person, but those same games had screenshots leaked out because someone has a dev kit that they bought and they're releasing a bunch of screenshots and stuff from games that haven't been announced yet or aren't released yet.
Naughty, naughty.
And then there's a few of them, they actually leaked out the full games out there, so...
Yeah, but people keep going, okay, release Sonic 4.
Come on, come on, you know you want it.
And they're like, no, because they're cracking down on it and now they're password protecting a bunch of this stuff and they don't like that too much.
Well, I mean, I can imagine, but... Well, yeah, it's not meant for that kind of stuff.
Dev kits getting sold to random people.
Yeah.
I don't know what exactly that takes, but you can find them.
Hmm.
JTAG Consoles
Now, there's some other interesting stuff coming out from the Captivate stuff, including... These are some games that I believe were already out in Japan that are making their way out over here.
Okamiden is coming out on the DS later this year.
Or, actually, I'm sorry, in 2011.
And, of course, that's the sequel to Okami.
And it looks pretty awesome.
And then, of course...
I'm not sure if it's the creators of the Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney series but at least the same artists they're releasing Ghost Trick Phantom Detective that's going to be a brand new series and that's supposed to be making its way out later this year
And then, oddly enough, on the Wii and the PS3, Sengoku Basara Samurai Heroes is making its way out.
And I believe that's supposed to be later this year.
And that one came out, well, one of the games in the series came out on the PlayStation 2 a couple years back.
Which was, god, I just had the name, Devil Hunter, I think?
I don't remember.
But I thought that was the name of the series that came out over here.
It's basically like Dynasty Warriors but with guns.
Cool.
Guns.
Yeah.
Not really though.
I hate guns.
They've had at least one other Sengoku Basara game that was Basara I guess.
A game that was on the Wii a while back.
I want to say it was the first or second year the Wii was out.
They're kind of cool.
I don't know.
I just wish they was on the 360 too.
I just don't understand why they hate.
Unless it's going to be coming out at a time when they do have the motion controller in play and it's going to be something with that and then maybe I can understand why it's on the Wii and the PS3.
Other than that, it's just hating.
They're just hateful.
Why they hate?
Why I gotta hate?
Don't hate the play, I hate the game.
Anyhow, this is a game that I tried to like, but it kind of drove me bonkers.
But we had a little tidbit on it last week.
It's The Lord of Ultima, and it was actually released this week.
Yay, it was launched, and you can actually play it and have fun with it.
You have to visit the website, which I think was like lordofultima.com.
You can actually go and play the game.
I tried to play it, and it crashed on me during the tutorial.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
but apparently in this game you will set up your own little kingdom and there's little microtransactions and stuff I don't know, it sounds a little Farmville to me but with Ultima and you know, better graphics and all that stuff but I tried to play it, I wanted to review it for you guys but it crashed during the tutorial so I guess I'll have to try again this week.
Is any of our listeners playing?
Chatters, has anyone tried Lord of Ultima that came out this week?
Anybody?
Maybe we can have a guild or a kingdom or something I don't know
DarkSakura.com
We're drowning in letters.
Redertainment.
about this was Walmart's effort to create their own bank.
They wanted to lower the prices of check and credit card processing by cutting out the middleman in this process.
Walmart wanted to establish this bank in the mediocre state of Utah, which is how I came to learn about it.
Ultimately, the banking lobbies in Utah put the kibosh on this deal and the effort ultimately died.
Activision establishing their own bank assembly lowered credit card processing fees for people playing WoW and also acts as an additional revenue stream for Activision as if they need another...
I'm not saying this would be good for the consumer.
The bank of Activision would inevitably charge bank customers out the ass for bank fees, jack up interest rates on loans, and quickly foreclose on the homes of people who were delinquent on payments.
These deplorable practices would happen because Activision seems only interested in squeezing all the cash they can out of consumers and not serving their customers well like most major banks do today.
Ouch.
I'm not going to say anything.
I work in the mortgage industry.
So is there a legal reason why Activision has not established their own bank?
Or is this whole rant evidence of my low opinion of the banking industry in America and of Activision?
Stay care of entertainment.
This message is brought to you by the Burns Cafe in Taylorsville, Utah, where thanks to their choice in the meat they serve, you can literally bite an ass.
Well, it's a bummer you couldn't fit that in 140 characters or less, or the tweet might have made more sense at the time, but okay, I get your joke now, lol.
I don't know.
Activision's not going to set up a bank.
Like they care.
I get the point you're trying to make, but come on.
It's cute though.
Your email was cute.
Your thought is cute.
I like that.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I have a suggestion for Konami.
If they're going to do poppin' music Wii V2, they should take the normal poppin' controller and have a slot in it for the Wiimote like how Activision did for Guitar Hero 3 for Wii.
I'm looking... Oh god, please.
This is just awful.
I'm looking for some fun RPGs for the 360 Help.
That's literally how it said, I am looking for fun RPGs for the 360.
Help.
Period.
Was this typed on an iPhone?
I can type better than this on an iPhone, Rob.
And besides that, iPhones, auto-capitalize and fix your spelling.
Whoever accepted my PA challenge should know that I only have SM and DDR US3 and I am looking for an online challenge on Live Sincerely DS Master 26 PS I want to find a copy of Disney Mix for PS1 and Goldeneye Clone for today's consoles I have Disney Mix, I have both of them I have the Japanese one and the US one and you can't have it
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura.com
DS Master just not allowed to email us unless it's been spellchecked and grammarchecked.
Well, you know, Bobby's in chat and says, you know he does this on purpose, right?
The only way to stop it is to not even bother.
That's what I did.
Don't give him the attention.
That's actually what I was just about to say because I wasn't looking at you anymore.
I'm going to stop reading emails from him unless they're typed properly.
That's fair.
Yes, you need to have somebody proofread it and then we might read them.
Might.
Okay, wait, but there was a couple other points I wanted to get.
RPGs on the 360.
Final Fantasy XIII is good.
I guess a lot of people liked Infinite Discovery even though I did not.
Blue Dragon.
Blue Dragon.
Okay, whatever.
Lost Odyssey.
I liked Blue Dragon.
Lost Odyssey, yes, thank you.
Blue Dragon's okay.
I love Blue Dragon.
Play the other ones first.
Bite my butt.
Blue Dragon, actually, I will give Blue Dragon this.
If you liked the Super Nintendo RPGs, it's very retro-esque.
Blue Dragon should have just been on the Super Nintendo.
Blue Dragon reminds me of playing a Dreamcast RPG.
End of story.
I'll give you that.
It's like playing Evolution.
The other one, oh, I remember the other one.
I was like, what the hell are you smoking?
Beat and Groovy.
It's just not a good game.
Beat and Groovy was unfinished.
It's an unfinished pile of poop that Konami put on the arcade that, honestly, Microsoft should have rejected.
Like, it's a horrible abortion of a game.
It's literally, I'm not saying that, it is literally an abortion.
It was stopped...
halfway through it was actually finished and put on the marketplace you have like up to 9 star difficulties on songs that are never used there's no song on there that's harder than like a 5 star difficulty the song list is laughable there was no like download content or anything released it is a bad unfinished aborted game
Do not buy it.
I'm not even kidding.
Don't support that crap.
Thanks for watching!
So, you know, why would you bring something that's, you know, incredibly niche over here?
Just fucking fail at it.
Like, I mean, I understand wanting to bring the niche thing over here if you do a good job with it.
But that, I mean, was set up for failure from the beginning.
They can't even nail... Honestly, I'm throwing this out here.
Whoever is responsible for that game should have been fired.
Like, I'm not even kidding.
Whoever was responsible for that...
Fire Em.
That was unexcusable, that game.
Period.
Alright.
What are you giggling at over there, DarkSakura?
Are you even paying attention to the show?
I am paying attention to the show.
I just was distracted by something and I found a link to a product called HanderPants.
Underpants for your hands.
HanderPants?
Why on earth would you need HanderPants?
I don't know.
I just think it's funny.
They're called gloves.
They're fingerless gloves with the design of underwear.
I'm going to link it into the chatroom.
Pants.
Jesus.
It's in the same vein as mantis.
You go up to somebody and you're like, look at my manti pants.
Look at my hot throat pants.
I don't care.
Really, I don't.
Look at my mantis.
I am so easily distracted today Oh, it's not funny
SSJ100Matt says this topic sounds automatically better than DSMaster's email.
You know what's funny?
We didn't even finish with his email.
We just went right on to talking about mantis and I'm enjoying myself more than I was five minutes ago.
You know what?
I think that should be the rule from now on.
No, I have it.
I have a new OLR rule.
Could you please get out the stone tablets and get out the chisel because we're going to write a new rule.
When you send us a question to the mailbag and it is so horribly tight and grammar and spelling.
Look, if you make a couple mistakes here and there, I'm not the best with spelling and grammar either.
But at least if you put out an effort, we're not going to laugh at you.
at least you're consistent if you just have a horrible email that you didn't even bother to try with and you typed it like it was a text message on the cell phone we are going to answer your question with mantis.net is the website you need to go to fix your problem mantis.net or possibly handerpants when you send us a question that stinks mantis.net is where you need to go to find your answer exactly
Try the high cut ones.
Put that on the wiki.
It's an official rule.
Hey, whoever updates their wiki, add it.
Let's go to the I like game suggestion RPG 360.
Well, email her.
I think you'll find the answer at mantis.net.
Alright.
Speaking of which... These things have flies.
Let's get to... Rob, they do have embroidered briefs.
You're telling me this like I would want to suddenly go... I don't want you to get any.
I'm just saying that they're funny.
Let's get to the episode.
Lowkey.
Um, F you to bad drivers, two types in particular.
One, the person that decides, hey, you know, it's going to be a great idea to stop four car lengths before the car that's in front of them, making it near impossible to go around them, or the fact that they go really slow to accelerate once the light does change.
And then two, the more dangerous type, the people that run stop signs and run stop lights.
They're there for safety, and the fact that you just blow right through them like you don't give a shit, that's how people die.
So, stop it.
Because I don't want to die.
I'm sorry, I'm laughing too hard because I'm looking at this website.
I don't really have a lot of FUs of the week.
Actually, I had a pretty good week.
I really don't think I had a lot of bad things happen.
I guess FU to those work days that start at 6 a.m.
because getting up at 5 o'clock to go to work kind of stinks.
But at least the days go by fast, so even that's not really a complaint.
All right, let's get to some more gaming news, and then we'll open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, and who knows what phone calls we might get tonight.
Loki.
Yes, so, you know, this whole drama with Infinity Ward and Activision is just nuts.
Activision, they've hired a person to, I guess, run their community forum or whatever, Dan Amrich.
And I guess they have a Facebook, because everybody does.
And he's basically trying to give their side, I guess, of the whole bonus situation for Infinity Ward.
He says, Vince and Jason had very large bonuses.
Those bonuses are being redistributed to everyone else.
to people who did not allegedly attempt to steal company secrets.
Activision is not pocketing the bonus money.
It's still going to the people who work at Infinity Ward.
But you have to work at Infinity Ward to get it.
C. I don't want to see talented people screwed out of a paycheck any more than you do.
So are they trying to be all like, hey, we're the good guys.
We're going to pay out those bonuses.
No, we're going to pay them.
We're going to pay them.
Don't worry.
They're getting a bigger share of the bonus.
Well, why don't you pay their bonuses in the first place?
Because that was the whole problem is you weren't paying the bonuses.
What, the game's been out for almost six months now?
What's it like to get a bonus?
Isn't it time to get the bonuses out there?
I thought bonuses were just that, a bonus.
Allegedly.
Why didn't you even put that allegedly attempted to steal a company's secrets?
They're the ones that made the game.
I think all their secrets are in their head.
They don't need to steal anything.
He's just a douche.
Unfortunately, he's sub-douche to the major douche.
Why even bother having a community?
I think this is the same guy I want to say that they had, like, why do you hate Activision or whatever?
We want your honest answers or something like that.
It's like, really?
You don't know why we don't like you?
I mean, really?
You have to ask?
That's like my wife, you know?
If, like, she's mad at me and I'm like, well, what are you mad at me for?
And she's like, really?
You don't know?
That just makes me even more pissed off.
That's because we expect our spouses to be psychic when we're psychotic.
I'm letting the secret out of the bag.
Ooh, you're going to get nasty emails from the women of America?
I'm a chick!
The women of America don't listen to our show.
I can get away with saying this because it's exactly what I pull on my husband.
Wait, Dan, you didn't hear that!
It says, although it's unclear whether the remaining Infinity Ward employees have received their personal bonuses for Modern Warfare 2 yet, Activision lawsuit claims that Zampanelli and West allocated to themselves approximately one-third of the total bonus pool for the Call of Duty franchise bonuses, which included the first Modern Warfare game.
Further, it contends that Wes and Zampella were demanding an even larger share of the bonus pool for Modern Warfare 2 Oh, so now we're saying that they're getting too much of a bonus or whatever, that they wanted too much of a bonus Well, that's too bad that they got fired, so that really doesn't make any sense
uh and no word on when this whole thing is going to be taken care of but they're thinking that more people are going to leave so uh oh and they have a big old quote for Activision's counter suit which I don't really feel like reading because it's just a bunch of crap in my opinion ipso facto sue money
Let's move on then, shall we?
One more story for you guys, and then I guess we'll open up the Skype line and see what happens.
Could be a fun time tonight.
877-GAME-OLR I forgot to mention, real quick, this kind of goes along with the story, but it is apparently rumored, or I don't know if it's confirmed or rumored, but they're saying that three Modern Warfare 2 games are going to be out by 2011.
or three, not Modern Warfare three Call of Duty games will be out good luck guys good luck
Well, these other games might be out soon.
It's more website leaks.
Remember earlier in the show we had news about Farmville and some apparent websites that were being registered that gave away Farmville on other platforms.
Well, something similar is kind of happening, but it has to do with some different games, like games that people actually play.
Here's the interesting thing.
The URLs were registered for BloodstoneGame.com, was registered Wednesday, and of course Bloodstone is supposed to be the next Bond game.
That's like the rumors that's coming out.
But you know what also was registered?
Bloodstone.
and GoldeneyeGame.com.
Could this be, I don't know, something where, you know, there was rumors before there might be a Wii version of Goldeneye coming out or something.
Who knows?
Which is strange because I could have sworn they said before, it's not fucking happening.
Shut up.
But you know, where there's a will, there's a way.
Also, apparently, a game that was discovered, DriverSanFranciscoGame.com was registered by Ubisoft.
It's by Ubisoft?
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, but didn't Atari sell it off?
Yeah, that's right.
So there you go.
That's too bad.
AssassinsCreedBrotherhood.com and LaserHomeBattleground.com What the hell is that?
Laser Home Battleground?
Sounds like laser tag.
Where's LaserCatsBattleground.com?
That's the game.
I would have given that top of the news reporting.
Oh, that's easy.
You just put a cat stuffed animal on top of the laser gun.
Alright.
Supposedly, Assassin's Creed is going to have another sequel in 2011 anyway, so maybe that's the subtitle of the game.
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood.
Who knows?
Brotherhood?
Yeah.
Assassin'sCreedBrotherhood.com Sounds like another PSP game.
That could be too.
Who knows?
I'm going to the website right now and it times out.
I guess you have to look up the registry info.
There's no forwarding happening just yet.
All right, guys.
This is part of the show where we're going to open up the Skype line and take your calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you're going to call us on Skype, that's great.
The quality is really good on Skype, but we do encourage you to call Echo123 on Skype.
or I think in the newer versions of Skype you click a button that says test call or something and you can test your configuration first.
I really urge you to do that or I'm going to make fun of you when your call stinks.
Alright, Orange Sausage Radio is the place to call on Skype.
Whatever you want to talk about tonight's show, go ahead, say your piece, have a voice.
While we wait for calls because it takes about a minute for me to say something and the listeners actually hear it with the encoding and everything, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Yes, apparently there is a new game coming out from Bayer, I guess.
It's called Knock Em Down's World's Fair, and apparently it's a device that, or it comes with a device that you use to check your blood glucose level, and you can play the game that way.
That's funny, that's one of the other Tiger Claw stories from the Twitter, but he sent so many I had to pick and choose.
It's funny you brought it up too.
I thought I remembered hearing that this game was in development before.
Like I wanted to say some time ago, I heard that there was a DS game in development that was using medical stuff.
Yeah, I can't imagine though this would be too popular.
I mean, it seems like a very narrow market that they'd be, you know...
Well, yes, you're right.
But, I mean, for that market, I think it could actually be really cool because, you know, there's a lot of tweens and teenagers that get diagnosed with diabetes at a very young age.
And this could be an interesting way to teach them kind of the management of that because, you know, you have to alter your diet, take your blood glucose, know what it means.
You know, there's a lot that goes with it.
It's not just like, hey, you have diabetes.
You know, there's a lot of things that go with it.
So I actually think even though, yeah, you're right, it's a niche thing, it's kind of neat.
It is.
I'm sure it will sell the particular products.
Monitors and stuff are what?
$200 a pop and then you have to buy test strips?
I know your insurance usually covers that stuff, but you still have some choices on what brands you get.
It's still pretty crazy.
I have a number of friends who have to monitor.
Especially if you're the type 1.
Yeah, there's different stages of it.
Sometimes you can be diabetic, but you don't actually have to test anything.
You still have to watch it, or I guess you could slip into one of the other types.
Yeah, well, typically adult onset, I believe that's type 2.
Yeah, my grandma had it, so it was unfortunate.
I don't know why, you know what, I upgraded the version of Skype, so I'm almost worried that the calls aren't coming through, so I'm just going to make sure.
Well, Bobby's call came through.
Yeah, that's true, Bobby's call came through, so that should work.
I'm just calling the 877 number to make sure everything's okay.
Where are you people?
I know, it's kind of weird.
We're not getting any calls tonight.
Usually it's flooded with people.
I guess they're worried about the threats of sending people to mantis.net.
I don't know.
Well, I got some more Last Minute Stories.
Alright, let's hear it.
MacWarrior 4 there was that whole kind of delay they were going to release the game free to play over the web and it was being held up by Microsoft now it's finally been cleared so there will be coming or coming soon there will be a brand new port of MacWarrior 4 that you'll be able to play for free over the internet through a web browser isn't that exciting
Mad Catz is apparently now going to be making all the principal peripherals for Rock Band basically that means all the peripherals that come with say Rock Band 3 or any future releases going forth will be made by Mad Catz and not by EA or whoever the hell they had making their peripherals
and yeah, I know Mad Catz, Purples at one time really sucked but to be honest, I kind of like their guitar at least.
I have the bass and I dig that.
It's pretty cool.
It doesn't wear out like the fucking rock band, just regular guitar they have.
Guess what?
We got a call.
Awesome.
Hi, you're on Orange Dance Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Amiga 777.
Amiga 777.
I love the Amiga.
What's up?
I'm just testing the streams to make sure that the calls are going through for you.
So that's pretty much it.
A-okay works great.
Perfect.
There you go.
Wait, wait, wait.
Ah, yes.
Just confirm me it's not your stream.
We just don't want to talk to you.
This is just a courtesy call.
Just checking.
That's right.
Everything's fine, guys.
No worries.
You're good.
Oh, that's funny.
Oh, right, whatever.
Here's someone that we haven't heard from.
That's one of my favorite phone calls I've ever got, just so you know.
All right.
Here's someone we haven't heard from in a while.
Actually, two years to be exact.
Surfer Girl is back with a new rumor regarding the slim Xbox 360.
She says it's going to be unveiled at E3.
They're going to rebrand the Xbox 360 as well.
Um, apparently the, uh, review will happen during, or the Slim 360 Natal bundle will happen at one of the two, yes, two press conferences at this year's E3.
What's more is the 360 will be getting a subtle rebrand with a new logo and black as the new primary color for the console.
They feel that the new system needs to be black because, um, a white Natal wouldn't sit well against the typical, um,
and Gloss Black TV.
The new system design is pretty neat.
And Natal, let's just say you're going to be very surprised and very pleased by one of the games being revealed.
What is it?
And then, of course, in bold, it says, might get shot or MGS.
So perhaps a new Metal Gear Solid game.
All right, let's go to the phones.
And we have another test call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
Hello?
Hey, DT, what's on your mind?
Hi, you're here.
You got to turn down the speakers on the computer because then you get all confused.
Yeah, I know.
So what's up?
What's on your mind, buddy?
Just plugging the, I know it's a month late, but plugging the WonderCon article.
That's right, WonderCon.
You got to go to WonderCon a couple weeks ago, and you wrote a whole nice little article about it that's on the website.
That's cool.
How did you enjoy things at WonderCon?
Did you have a good time overall?
Oh, God, yeah.
First stop was at a Capcom booth.
They were showing Final Fight and Super Street Fighter 4 and Plus Planet 2, actually.
You know, I actually read the article, believe it or not, and I heard you scored a soundtrack at the booth.
What did you get there?
Actually, that was just posted online.
What I got was a couple... Oh, no, wait, no, yeah, no, you're right.
I bought the Mega... the Rockman 9 soundtrack.
Nice.
I like how you call it Rockman 9 and not Mega Man 9.
Was it actually the Japanese version?
Yeah, it was.
Oh, that's cool.
Very cool.
No hints.
It's interesting, though, that you were at... Now, see, this kind of blows me away.
Like, even though, you know, I know it was a few weeks ago you went to WonderCon at this point, so for some people they're like, okay, old news.
This does strike me as interesting, is that Capcom had to know that Marvel vs. Capcom 3 was happening when they did WonderCon, but yet they didn't say anything at what you would otherwise think is like a really freaking logical place to announce a game like Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
And yet, not a peep, right?
Yeah.
I know they talked about being at future Comic Cons and whatnot with that.
I guess WonderCon just wasn't good enough.
Sad cry.
Upset.
Yeah.
I know.
But hey, there's BayCon coming up, I think is a big sci-fi nerdy con.
I don't know if there will be a lot of video games with that, but I know I had some friends talking about that Memorial Day weekend.
And of course, Fanime.
Memorial Day weekend is always a big con weekend, so there's a lot of that coming up.
Any cons in your future otherwise, DarkTetsuya?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Probably just trying to go to Wendicon next year.
I know my brother was excited about that.
He's really digging the comics.
That's cool.
You've got to go to Comic-Con.
I've heard the one that happens in San Diego is epic.
I would love to go someday, but I just don't know if I'm going to get this year.
I heard it's already sold out.
Is it?
It wouldn't surprise me at all.
With all the stars and everything to go.
I'll have to plan for 2011 or something.
All right.
Well, Dr. Tsui, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
Well, oh wait, yeah, no, I know.
I heard some footage got stolen at the Super Street Fighter 4 launch event.
I don't know if you talked about that.
We didn't.
What did you hear about this?
Like, I vaguely remember seeing an article on this.
What's up?
What's going on?
I don't know.
I guess someone stole a bunch of stuff at the Super Street Fighter launch event, like footage of the different players and all of that, and a MacBook.
I don't get what the advantage would be to stealing something like that.
The game is pretty much out now.
They didn't steal anything regarding the game.
They stole camera equipment and SD memory cards and a MacBook.
It was that they wanted the computer equipment.
It wasn't anything to do with what was on it.
It was IM8 bit.
That's stinky.
How did a thief get into an event like that?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, no problem.
the fine dark tit CEO who really tries to actually put content on orangeontrader.com nice guy TigerClaw says they don't care about the equipment all they care about is getting the footage TigerClaw says they recorded footage of the event yeah they just want the footage back it's just messed up thieves suck alright what else you got Loki anything else
just some last minute stuff here there's another little big or I guess a little big planet PSP download content pack that's going to be coming out called the Turbo Pack and it's going to feature some new stock car racing inspired tracks and vehicles and also they're going to have I guess some construction based vehicles as well they're going to be available such as forklifts, cranes, and cement mixers so that's kind of neat
Unbound Saga, which was a comic-based beat-em-up game that was on the PSP, is now making its way to Xbox Live Arcade.
It's kind of a little bit like Comic Zone, I guess.
PSP one is alright, I guess.
But that will be coming out a little bit later on this year.
Um... Asia is getting a limited edition Final Fantasy XIII controller with the silk screen of lightning on it.
I guess to go with your, you know, Final Fantasy XIII lightning PS3.
Why that wasn't included with the PS3 is beyond me, but... A little late.
Oh, whatever.
I guess, you know, opportunity to sell it twice.
And then, um...
Lastly, just a little bit of elaboration on a story we had earlier talking about delays from Nintendo.
Kind of as I thought, different things.
It's taken a little bit longer to get the development for Metroid Other M done because they're working with a third-party company on it.
That's why it's been delayed to August 31st.
and then of course Sin and Punishment Star Successor is just basically a fill of space because it was originally going to come out at the beginning of the month and they did their excuses well we just want you to have some more time to play Super Mario Galaxy 2 so
That is it.
All right.
Well, I don't know what's up.
Something's in the water.
Come on, people.
Ronchan, call us.
No, I closed Skype.
One last thing.
I forgot.
This might be the next Yaris.
Apparently, Audi is releasing a free rhythm-based driving game for the iPhone.
Oh, goody.
No more to say there.
Alright, well, I don't know, I guess, you know, it's okay, some weeks, you know, in all things considered, it was a bit of a slow news week of sorts, you know, a lot of the stories we had tonight weren't like huge things, I mean, a lot of stories were confirmations of things that were spoiled last week, and you know, so I guess It really does, but where's the love?
That's alright Where's the love?
That's alright
I could use the extra time tonight to take care of some things before work tomorrow, so I'm sure we all could.
I think we're going to wrap it up, believe it or not.
A little bit of a shorter show tonight, but that's okay.
Again, it just wasn't a huge, huge week for news.
It was like a bunch of Capcom news.
Like, eh, we already knew that.
Yeah, we already heard.
Been there, done that.
of course you know it's going to be like this for a few weeks because E3 is on the horizon so outside of your E3 leaks May is going to be a bit of a slow month so if I'd known we would have planned a game or something for tonight so you know what that means next week if it's a slow news week again we're going to have a game or something
Actually, or we might have an actual guest on the show.
I know my friend Matt is dying to come back.
He was here back when the show was still at my house, and he's like, I really want to come back and hang with you guys.
I'm like, okay.
And then I'm sure Alan will be here in the next couple weeks.
He's loving coming to the show, so we'll have him at some point.
BlackWolfInChat says, okay, so let me get this straight.
Rama calls my show for the first time ever, but doesn't call OLR.
It's a weird night.
It's okay.
No, I closed Skype.
I'm sorry, guys.
The moment's passed.
The opportunity has passed.
That's okay.
I won't take it personally.
He's just going to have a big diva stop.
All right.
No, but send us some emails.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and all that fun stuff.
And see, I would love to just do a game, pull a game out of the hat, but we don't have anything.
That's okay, guys.
No, seriously.
I could stand to wrap up the show by 9 o'clock and then go home and take care of some other stuff.
So, we are out, you guys.
Let's go around.
You know what you could do?
What?
You should play the clip of Julian again.
I will play the clip of Julian again because you know what?
No phone call that we're even going to get could possibly match how disgustingly cute Julian is in that clip.
So let's hear it.
He's a cute kid.
He's a very cute kid.
I'm telling you, this is going to be all the rage at youtube.com slash users slash DarkSakuraOLR.
Dalek.
What does a Dalek say?
Dalek.
Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate Exterminate
Did you?
No, I didn't really.
Not me.
Keep in mind, I was watching PBS a lot when I was a kid.
So, Doctor Who came on PBS.
So, I started with like...
4th Doctor Sarah Jane era.
So she's always going to be my favorite because she's who I remember.
Mace Atsuma in chat says, Julian is smarter than DS Master.
Confirms.
Julian is smarter than most adults I know.
That's mean.
I know.
I'm serious.
He's a smart kid.
And he's a bit of a smartass too.
Just like his parents.
A little bit sassy?
Square One TV Home Room
They didn't play it at school.
No, we had Channel One or something.
They would pipe this pay cable show into our homerooms every morning and try to edumacate us.
I just did my homework.
The only show I remember watching on an early morning TV thing at school was Kids Court with Paul Provanza.
I found happy tape.
My final thought is I see some yarn over on DarkSakura's bookshelf and it makes me think, I wish I was a cat so I could just play with that yarn all day.
Yeah, this is the scarf of yours I still need to finish.
You need to see the scarf I got yesterday at a thrift store for a dollar.
Yes, awesome.
You were...
I was like a flaming gay fourth doctor.
I really was.
It was very short.
All right.
Well, because it was for a 12-year-old girl and I bought it at thrift store to wear to Rocky.
Anyhow, but that's neither here nor there.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I want to play more Just Cause 2.
Hopefully this time the textures actually show up so that I can see what I'm doing because it's kind of hard when the whole map is see-through or most of the map is see-through.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show, listening to it live, supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome.
I know I say that week after week, but if you think about it, next week is episode 365 of our show.
That's one for every day of the year.
And that's a whole long time, and we just wouldn't have made it this long if it wasn't for the support of you guys just being here every week and saying, you guys are funny.
Thank you guys so much.
All we ask, if you enjoyed Orange Lounge Radio, just tell a friend or two or five about Orange Lounge Radio and what we do here.
Just help us spread the word.
That's really all we ask.
Many of you have shared your tweets and Facebook messages about how you've done that.
Trust me, we really do appreciate it because we don't have money to take out advertising or whatever.
I've never asked to be on a show.
I'm not surprised.
Look, you were on, like, All Games Interactive a couple times, I think.
Didn't you do a couple calls with them?
I did a toss-over.
There you go.
All right.
Actually, actually, and I do also want to say, given that graduation thing, by the way, it's Mar and Marvel, our own tiara.
Congratulations in two months.
Absolutely.
Graduating.
What's the major?
Graphic design.
Fun.
Good stuff.
Hopefully she'll be back on the show.
Hopefully she'll be taking a graduation gift trip out here.
But Loki, poor Loki, who has not been on any show.
Somebody needs to email Loki and get him on a show.
That's all right.
All right.
Doesn't matter.
All right.
Let's see.
Amiga777 in chat says, I nominate Tommy T to be a guest.
I'm assuming he means Tommy Tallarico.
We had him on a couple of years ago.
It was right before the video game's live CD came out.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, that's it.
We're done.
We're wrapping up.
We're out of here.
Thank you guys so much again for your support.
And what do you say we do it all again next week?
Sound good?
And no, it is not episode live 365.
I got nothing going on next week, sure.
We don't speak about that.
Are they even around still?
I believe so.
But they don't look any different than they did about four years ago when we left.
Alright, that's it.
We're done.
Bye.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
