And an old classic game needs a Latin translation.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 362 of Orange Lounge Radio.
The video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
For a moment it sounded like you were using a porn voice.
Yeah.
Awful and in a bag.
Thanks for watching!
KFC, but he usually brings chicken to the show, that's no surprise, but he didn't just bring any old KFC tonight, oh no, he brought a Double Down to the show with him.
For those that don't know what a Double Down is, Loki, please quickly define, what is the Double Down from KFC?
It's a new sandwich from KFC that just launched today, I think, and it's basically, instead of having some sort of bread holding a sandwich together,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's awful.
So, if you do get double down, don't get it with the cheese sauce.
Otherwise, it'll probably be good without it.
I mean, seriously, the strips themselves, it's all white meat, and so it's healthy for you.
No, just kidding.
It's not healthy.
You can get it grilled, though.
That's going to really help with all the cheese on it.
I think, though, that if you got it grilled, well, it actually would be perfect for anyone doing a low-carb diet, though.
I guess, but honestly, if I want to eat healthy, quote-unquote, at KFC, I would probably get, like, a two-piece meal grilled with, like, mashed potatoes, no gravy or something.
I know.
I was just being funny.
Or I probably wouldn't go to KFC at all.
I would probably just eat a fruit salad.
I just was going to see if they had the Double Down.
They did, so I got it.
I was sorely disappointed with that cheese sauce.
I figured, okay, it's just going to be something that tastes like cheese, but it's like a melted consistency.
But no, they had to spice it up with ranch or something.
It's just gross, and it's overpowering the entire sandwich or whatever it is.
I could smell it from over here.
So that's so unfortunate because I had high hopes for that, but oh well.
I actually have a challenge for everybody for next month.
What's that?
No fast food for a month.
Good luck.
I've been... No, I've done it before.
That was the first fast food I've had in two weeks.
It's not dinner that I have a problem with.
That's really easy.
It's lunch at work.
It's really hard.
Especially when I only have had a three-minute lunch.
But I'm starting a new job this coming week, which is exciting.
I will tell you... Day job.
My BFF, Becky, we have three days out of the week, we walk during lunch, and we bring our own lunch, and I have this huge mungus thermos thing, but the dollar store, Rob, is selling those cubes, those frozen cube things that you can put in a thermal container, so...
I was, but no, it was something I was actually wanting to do is do the one month fast food free challenge and then for a, you know, it's like average how many times you want would normally go out for fast food and then, you know, put like the money that you normally would have spent on like a Happy Meal or something aside and donate it to charity at the end of the month.
Questions from chat.
Zappy says, does Subway count as fast food?
What defines fast food?
I'll make a list.
Basically, okay, if it's a sandwich, you know, that's, if it looks unhealthy, it probably is fast food.
Why don't you say this?
I would say the types like McDonald's and Sonic, I love Sonic.
Or do something like, maybe this, we're getting way off topic of video games.
If they serve hamburgers or tacos, they're fast food.
Or maybe if you, fast food is okay if you can keep it 10 grams of fat or less.
I don't know.
Because like at Subway, it's really easy to do 10 grams of fat or less.
Well, I don't really, okay, this is the thing.
Hmm.
Almost any of these, I'm talking about just like the really highly processed food, you know what I mean?
I include KFC in this too because their chicken is just a gene bait.
But like, seriously, I'm giving it to start in May because I know it is, for a lot of people it's a habit to change.
Let's try to tie it in with some type of Wii Fit or DDR or something.
That's what I was thinking.
If you rub the food on a piece of paper and it turns transparent, then it's probably fast food.
The food and the paper.
All right.
We got to get back to a video YouTuber.
Listeners, help give us ideas and we'll formulate a contest.
All right.
No, but seriously, though, this is the first soda and first fast food I've had in two weeks.
I had my first soda today.
That's only because I want to try the Double Down.
Technically, I ate very few calories because I only had two bites of that in Minnesota.
I'm doing good still.
What grade would you give the KFC Double Down?
I would give it probably a D just because the cheese sauce.
If it was at the cheese sauce, I would have probably given it a B.
The Double Down gets a D here on Orange Lounge Mornings on KL Games.
Like it needs like American cheese melted on there instead of the cheese sauce and it might be good.
Once in a while we talk about video games here on the program at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, if you want to pull up a chair and join us in our chat room, of course, chat at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
What they need to have instead of the cheese sauce, their gravy that they have.
That would be perfect.
Okay, enough.
Enough.
No more food talk.
Let's talk about games.
DarkSakura, please tell me you've played a video game this week.
Rock Band.
A fuck ton of Rock Band last night for my party.
What was the best beer at your beer potluck, out of curiosity?
What was the best one?
The one that I brought, of course.
I'm just kidding.
You know what, Rob?
I've actually saved that chocolate beer for an occasion.
And Dan's like, they bring you, what's this?
Peach?
What?
What?
It's good.
I like the Black Current one, but I've had tons of their different ones before.
I haven't tried the Peach yet, but I love the Black Current.
But the Young's is going to be... I'm going to be having one every night when I get back from school.
Nice.
That's going to be my I'm not in school beer.
There's still so much beer in my fridge, really.
I wasn't really going to drink any.
It's totally my fault, but we went from food to beer.
And just totally dodged the games.
Oh yeah, by the way, Rock Band.
Beer!
Totally my fault.
I enabled it.
I had a Guinness, a couple of Newcastles, about three fat tires.
Clearly she was playing Tapper.
Two Killian's Reds.
I did... Heather brought the Sierra Nevada, but I really don't like Sierra Nevada, like, at all.
And... And then I was gonna go... I actually was... I picked up the four-pack.
I was like, I'm gonna have... Can't drink any more beer!
I had no voice.
My throat still hurts today.
And there was rock band?
It was a lot of rock band.
All day, rock band.
We stopped long enough for Dan to play Outrun.
And then him and one of my co-workers that showed up played... It was either him... No, I think he played with my friend Gary.
Anyway, they were playing Bad Dudes.
What kind of cake?
Chocolate and carrot.
DarkSakura.com
That sounds like a fun project.
Should I just pitch the show for the Food Network?
I mean, should we leave all games and be on a more appropriate network?
No, I have tons of game stuff I could talk about.
I'm just waiting.
Add three cakes.
One of them is gluten-free, though, so I will be taking some to work.
So Cake Mania.
I'm going to get cake right now.
Loki.
Here I thought this week's show would be better than the train wreck that was last week, but clearly I was underestimating the ability of this program.
Well, Loki, before you do your gaming week, I already spoiled it and said it to the listeners last week, but congratulations for you and Nellie are in order.
Yes, thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, she's, ironically enough today, she is as pregnant as she was when she had the twins.
So she is a little nervous, but less nervous today.
But yes, she's about 21 weeks and 4 days, I believe?
3 days?
21 weeks and 3 days.
One boy, we know that.
Everything's cool so far.
Anyways, so games.
So let me first start off with a story because this is really odd but awesome at the same time.
So Friday, you know, I think it was Friday.
Anyways, Friday, not this Friday but last Friday, I get this mysterious package in the mail.
I'm like, what the hell is this?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know who we have in Austin, Texas.
That's not far from where Travis Donovan is, but he doesn't really like this show.
Wait, how did they get your address?
I don't know.
Wait, wait.
Doesn't that strike you as slightly creepy?
I don't know if I would actually be excited about the Xbox.
I would more be wondering, how did a listener get my home address?
No, it was sent to my work.
Oh.
Have you said where you work on this program before?
I might have at one point.
Weird.
I don't know.
Maybe Namco sent it.
They know where you work.
Yes, that makes perfect sense.
We learned that a couple of years ago.
Fun times.
No, but anyways, I'm incredibly thankful for that.
And, you know, I've been messing with it for, well, this last week or so.
Okay, but seriously, ask before you send us strange packages in the mail.
It's always a nice thing to do.
Exactly.
And I mean, definitely, I would, you know, that was incredible.
And I...
No, I mean, it's a very nice gesture.
Exactly.
There is a small part of me where I'm like, oh, that's awesome.
Like, that's 90%.
No, I was even like 95% awesome.
But 5%, like, how did they get your address?
I wasn't even thinking about that, honestly.
I was like, woohoo!
Yeah!
Yeah.
No, but it's been cool.
So I've been playing a lot of games, obviously.
One more thought.
Could it have been the guy that we sicked the OL Army on?
Maybe just... In Austin, Texas?
Would he leave the state?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Well, whatever.
So anyways, so games.
What did I play this week?
I played actually some Japanese shooters.
Escaluda 2.
I actually played that quite a bit.
Went through kind of the...
I figured I'd start off at the easy mode on there, and it's pretty fun.
It's a little different.
I haven't really played a lot of the Japanese shmup games, but it's pretty fun.
A lot of dodging bullets and whatnot.
So definitely worth checking out if they ever bring it over here.
Tried a little bit of Otomidius Gorgeous.
That game is a little weirder than I thought, but definitely has that whole Gradius vibe to it, of course.
But that's pretty fun.
And played through more Final Fantasy 13.
I'm now, well, I don't know if I should say Wormat because that's kind of a spoiler, I guess.
But I'm to the point in the game where it kind of opens up like, you know, an overworld.
How many hours in are you?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
In Wind Waker, where you go under the ocean and you see Hyrule and you're like, why couldn't the whole game have been like this?
Why couldn't they have just done this instead?
Well, that's almost, to me, what this part of the game is for Final Fantasy XIII.
For the people that are complaining, why isn't there an overworld in this?
Why couldn't they have done the whole game like this?
Because it's basically kind of like an overworld situation.
at the same time there's all these side quests and stuff you can do which are kind of annoying but they're relatively easy for me I guess and the narrative's kind of moving along a little bit but I still don't know entirely what's going on but I think I'm at the end or close to the end
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So, long story short, I've been having to adjust on the fly.
So, if Loki's audio is going up and down and changing around, that's me playing on the mixing board.
So, it should be all better now, though.
I think I found where it needs to be.
Sorry, listeners.
Sorry, Loki.
So, yeah.
So, it's all right.
It's kind of neat.
But...
and and unfortunately those characters aren't real it didn't seem like they're too much like lesbians at this point in the game although there was an embrace part of the game which I was like are they gonna kiss?
I wasn't trying to go there I was trying to keep quiet on the spoilery stuff but I do think there are lesbians in Final Fantasy XIII yeah they're close we don't know how close but they're close
I think they're very close.
Just saying.
Cougar kitten thing going on there.
There is definitely a cougar kitten thing going on.
Anyway, no more spoilers.
Alright, anyways.
So yeah, it's pretty awesome.
And then... And there's a loud commercial for Lysol power toilet cleaner.
Anyways... I believe that was it as far as games, though.
Um...
Granted, you probably guys know what JTAG consoles are for.
Nothing legit.
Bobby would not approve, of course.
Let me just say there's a lot of Rock Band download content out there.
Well, I'm hoping, Loki, you're only using it to do the import games and not the shady stuff.
Import games are okay, I think.
I say import games they don't bother to release here are fair game.
That's my stance on piracy.
The only games I've ever really, really liked, just totally been hardcore pirating into would be the import stuff, especially back in the PS1 days.
Because I'm not going to pay to import games if the publisher doesn't believe in the game here.
I did install a 640 gigabyte hard drive, though, in the shell of an old 360 case, so now I can use that because JTAG consoles allow you to do that.
But it's awesome.
I like playing games from other regions.
All right.
If that's it for your gaming week, then I'll talk quickly about my gaming week.
I actually didn't play a lot of new games, just kind of a potpourri of a lot, a lot of old games this week, especially on Xbox Live Arcade.
I did play a little more Game Room, I guess I could say that.
Just a little more.
I haven't really been working on the Yars' Revenge duel with Bobby because...
Actually, Bradley, Arcadian42, who hasn't been on the show in quite some time, but he was here last night.
Randomly saw him yesterday, yes.
He has smoked both Bobby and I. I don't think Bobby can see that, but like, now I don't just have to beat Bobby, I have to beat Bradley.
And that's even, that's 130,000 points.
I actually messed a little bit with Game Room, and I noticed I got a lot of achievements really quick by just doing stuff.
You can get about 100 points doing next to nothing.
But you do have to actually play games to get more.
But I bought Crystal Castles because I had a friend over who really wanted to see Crystal.
Because they remembered it from the 80s and they really wanted to play it.
And I was like, okay.
I liked Crystal Castles enough where I'll spend the money to get it.
It's like renting a movie.
Five bucks is about how much it costs to rent a movie.
Because I buy all my games for both computer and 360.
and when we got it I realized the control sucks like really sucks for that game because the controller analog stick is no substitute for a trackball not at all and then I thought oh well it'll be okay because I have it on the computer and I can use the mouse and the mouse makes it because a mouse is basically an inverted trackball so it makes it's not a perfect substitute but it's probably the best one there is so I figured okay I'll play Crystal Castles with a mouse nope can't use the mouse
I remember I used to play that on the Apple II way back in the day, and a mouse worked okay then, but I guess if they don't support it at all, then it's awful.
I could have missed something, but what I did is I unplugged my 360 controller and it defaulted to keyboard controls, and I couldn't find an option in there to switch it to the mouse to control, which makes sense because you don't have a mouse on 360, and the game is kind of made for both, and it's very obvious, but it's just...
you know it's just these little things that are just killing game room for me like there's so much potential with game room and there's so much that I really want to like about game room but there's these glaring things that just irritate me like oh why didn't you find this sooner you dummy
You know, just in the servers and some of the things with that.
Let's see.
Look at our chat room.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com Brad says, Sucks does not even begin to describe it.
Our buddy from PodCulture, Brad there.
All right.
Anyhow.
chat.orange.com if you want to join us so yeah a little bit of game room and just some random other games too on the arcade you know like playing Street Fighter and Puzzle Fighter and Mega Man 9 and just random stuff all throughout the week and WoW lots of WoW I rolled a Death Knight my Death Knight's already level just about level 61 PvP is super fun with a Death Knight I just want to say it's a lot of fun
All right, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, of which I don't have an awful lot.
Just, you know, join our Facebook, if you haven't already, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
You can also follow us on Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
And definitely try to join us for a live show sometime, Sunday nights at 6 o'clock.
It's a much different experience when you listen live.
6 o'clock Pacific, of course, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at allgames.com.
That's really all I have for housekeeping.
We don't have any shows off that I'm aware of coming up or anything else.
So, we're just going to keep right on trucking with some gaming news.
Quite a bit of gaming news coming out of Konami.
They had their Gamers Night this week, right?
Really?
I didn't know.
We didn't get invited.
Well, you know, but it's in LA now.
I wouldn't have been able to go anyway if we did.
Oh, that's true.
That's right.
I always forget that they're not in San Francisco.
Yeah, they're not in the Bay anymore.
So, I wouldn't have been able to go anyway.
I don't know.
It's kind of one of those things where, especially if they're, you know, one thing we don't have news on is DDR.
And, you know, I realize that's kind of how we started.
I guess, I don't know if I should say this, but I don't know if I really should say this on air.
There's a very good chance we're going to have an interview with them at E3 this year.
Very good chance.
I'm trying to pull some strings.
So it's going to be a fun E3.
All right.
You're going to E3?
Yep.
Cool.
Good times.
All right, anyhow, sorry.
You want to tell us some news from... I thought you... Well, you can't go.
Now, I wondered why you were so like, nope, can't go.
Nope, there's no way I'm going to E3 this year.
And I was like, well, you're not even going to ask?
What the hell?
And now that we know that the wife is pregnant, now that makes sense.
Because isn't that right around the due date, too?
No, August.
Oh, no, okay.
Well, you said a long time ago, Jamie, you couldn't go.
You said school or something.
I'm trying to graduate.
Yeah.
So, I'll go.
I suppose if no one else wants to go, I'll go to E3 and do whatever...
Alright, anyhow.
Konami!
News!
Oh, I forgot to ask you.
What?
Because you went to PAX East.
Did they have any of the PlayStation Move stuff there?
Would you play?
No, there was no Move at PAX East.
Well, you'll have to listen to last week's show.
No, I'm kidding.
I don't want to listen to last week's show.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
This week's isn't turning out much better.
APB was there.
I think that's the one you would have liked the most.
Yeah, they had a playable ABP.
I definitely thought of you.
I do have video I shot.
I can show you at some point.
Awesome.
That was the one that... Well, actually, you would have really enjoyed the line.
The Crackdown 2 was out on the floor.
Yep.
And I don't know what else you really liked, but it just seemed there was a lot of Loki games there.
Yeah, I wanted to check out Crackdown 2, but I'll wait for that.
I'm actually going back to Crackdown 1 to try to finish that.
I mean, I finished it, but I had to find, like, 10 orbs that I'm missing.
And just... I'm trying to go back to some of the older stuff, but really...
Cracked Into is going to be awesome.
I'm so sad that they pushed it to July.
It's supposed to be coming out in May.
All right.
Oh, well.
Hey, we had Konami news at some point, right?
Yes.
All right.
So let's talk about Konami.
Konami is taking a page out of Capcom's book, reissuing one of their games and kind of giving it the whole HD treatment.
Russian Attack 8 or Expatriate is a brand new Russian Attack game kind of looks very similar to Bionic Commando Rearmed and they're doing the whole 2.5D kind of update to it and it will be available on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network and of course the game looks pretty cool except honestly I don't
I don't believe I liked Russian Attack very much, maybe just because it was very difficult.
It can't be a souped-up version of the old arcade game.
The old arcade game was too straightforward.
Like, it was a very old-school 80s game.
Well, this is supposed to be pretty linear, too, I think.
Interesting.
Well, you know, the little video I saw, it's ironic that you compare it to Capcom and Bionic Commando, because that's the first thing I thought of, and the look of it... Just the color palette and stuff reminds me...
Shadow Complex
Bionic Commando Rearmed, I think really cashed in.
I don't know why we keep comparing it to this, but it's just what I think of when I see it.
Because they did it well.
They were the best example of doing this.
Yes, but Bionic Commando had a lot of nostalgia with it.
I think more people remember Bionic Commando than remember Russian Attack.
Quick poll of our chat room.
How many of you remember Russian Attack?
Like, not just, like, name triggers, oh yeah, I think that was a game somewhere, but like, actually, like, can think of in your mind how the game plays.
Like, just, you know, especially versus Bionic Commando.
Just a quick pull of chat.
Do you remember Russian Attack, Jamie?
I remember looking at it.
And she's got a freaking vault of games.
I don't think we have Russian Attack.
She has a freaking game that came with a dish.
I mean, that's... That's true.
I do have a game that came with a dish.
And she doesn't remember Russian Attack very well.
I mean, that ought to tell you something right there.
So... And Dan's not here for us to... No, Zappy, not Russian.
It's Rush in Attack.
Oh, yeah.
I do remember that.
Like Rush and Attack.
Yes, but with an N. No, wasn't there an arcade one?
Yes.
Yeah, we had it at my arcade.
Okay, oh well, there you go.
No, there was another game, though, that was, I was thinking, never mind.
Yeah, we had it in my arcade.
Zappy in our chat room.
Russian Attack would be like Karnov.
That's Russian Attack.
It had that kind of oblique, all bold logo to it as well.
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember it.
Let's see, TigerClaw says Rush and Attack was a game I fondly remember.
I remember going to a local grocery store and putting a ton of quarters trying to beat the game.
It was hard, but then when I had fun playing it on the NES.
Let's see, TigerClaw also jumps in that Rush and Attack on the NES had two-player co-op.
M.A.
Satsuma said, I remember playing an XBLA demo of Rush and Attack.
Does that count?
And yeah, that was one of those Konami games.
They dumped a bunch of them onto Xbox Live when the arcade was first out.
They were like a dime a dozen.
I mean, some of them were notable.
You know, Frogger, the old arcade game.
It was one of the first ones, so it was still pretty cool.
Gyruss, I really liked that one.
Time Pilot.
There was a lot of obscure scramble.
They need a 2.5D HD remake of Contra.
They had a Contronics, but it was just the arcade version.
Well, yeah, but they had a sequel they did for WiiWare.
I mean, port that over.
I'll tell you one title, Konami, that will not work with this HD remix thing, and I think you've already done it anyways.
Frogger.
Please, God, no more Frogger games.
Ever.
I'm pretty sure it's already been done.
There was a Frogger 2 on Xbox Live Arcade.
But the funny thing about it, it's actually like the third or fourth Frogger 2 that's come out.
Because, like, back in the Commodore 64 days, there was Frogger 2 3-deep.
There was Frogger 2 on the PlayStation.
And then there was this Frogger Swampies thing.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Ooh, DarkTetsuya has a good point.
It used to be called Green Beret in Japan, if I recall correctly.
I think he's right.
I think that game was called something completely different overseas.
I think it was called Green Beret.
That's right.
I remember the game on Xbox Live, but, like, before that, not really.
You know?
So, again...
I just, you know, if the nostalgia is what they're trying to cash in on, I don't think there's a lot of nostalgia there.
So I sort of hope the game can stand on its own two feet.
I mean, the game can rise above the nostalgia.
If it's a great game, it won't matter that it ties into this obscure-ass 80s game nobody remembers, right?
Exactly.
So we'll see, I guess, when... I imagine there'll be more of this at E3.
Probably.
Robert M. says, Rush and Attack was on the Game Boy Advance compilation, wasn't it?
I am, like, 95% positive yes, it was.
It was on that Game Boy Advance compilation that had all the old school Konami games from the 80s.
I don't know if they called it that.
It might have been on its other name.
I don't know.
Anyhow, lots of games were announced at the Konami event.
One of them is Saw II.
That's right.
Saw II is going to be coming out.
It's being developed by Zombie Studios.
They did the first game as well.
It's coming out for Halloween, just in time for the movie, because I think they have said that they will keep making those damn movies until they stop making money.
Considering those movies cost less than $10 million to make...
You're going to have a lot of Saw movies, guys.
Unfortunately.
I've got to admit, though, I'm kind of surprised that a Saw sequel is happening because I didn't think the first game did very well.
I could be wrong.
It didn't do that well, I don't think.
Honestly, having seen all the Saw movies...
It's so... The last one was alright, actually.
I kind of liked it.
But it's getting to the point like, okay... The game or the movie?
The movie.
But the games have nothing to do with the movies, right?
They don't follow the plots of the movies.
They try to do their own thing, right?
Sort of.
But I'm just saying, going the way of the movie, they basically killed off Jigsaw in the second movie.
Third movie.
Maybe the second movie.
I can't remember which one they... I think it was the second one.
Anyway, so it kind of makes it difficult to...
Keep having this guy do it because now you have someone else taking over for him.
It's just getting ridiculous now.
You know what?
According to VGCharts.com, again, take this with a grain of salt because I don't know how accurate these numbers are, but according to VGCharts.com, Saw pushed $0.21 million on the Xbox 360.
That's $200,000.
And then $0.23 million on PlayStation 3, so it's actually still better on PlayStation 3.
and so that would be a combined like half million so that's not bad but they only sold that I think right at launch I don't think that they really it it was a title that kind of did made its money the first two months and then just nothing
And I should say that is worldwide because actually the game did much better overseas than it did in the Americas, which is kind of interesting.
Oh, and that explains why the PS3 sold more.
Actually, the Xbox 360 sold more in America.
It sold about $120,000 in America and only $100,000 on PS3.
Don't get me wrong.
It was an alright game.
Again, take those sales figures with a grain of salt.
Yeah, and I think the game was alright.
It's just it was kind of repetitive, I guess.
And, you know, the new game, though, apparently is going to have some better puzzles in it.
They were talking about one that was being shown off as a demo, and apparently no one figured it out unless they were told how to do it.
So, I don't know if that's good or not, but it's interesting.
They're saying, of course, more yucky, gross death machines, which is the whole thing that kind of turns me off of the Saw series.
And I will admit, it's weird.
I have no problem with Konami's other franchise, Silent Hill, but I have no problem with the gore in that game.
But Saw bugs me.
I can't explain it.
And maybe it's because Saw is a bit too real, whereas Silent Hill...
Obviously, Pyramid Head's not real.
It's supernatural.
Yeah, it's a little more supernatural and I can't explain what the difference is.
Saw just... I don't know.
And I've talked about this on the show before.
It's just torture porn to me and it doesn't excite me.
I get that there's people into it, but I'm just not one of them.
DarkSakura
What?
You have some more news for us out of Konami?
Yes, I do.
But I'm still kind of about it.
Yeah, there is another Silent Hill game in the works for PS3 and Xbox 360.
But they didn't really give out any other information about that.
Just said that it's another one.
I'm surprised by this news.
I assume that Silent Hill was done because I assume that Homecoming did not perform well enough.
It didn't, but I mean, Shattered Memories did okay, but I actually returned my copy.
Wasn't the rumor that what they were showing, like a Shattered Memories type of game, not necessarily like Homecoming?
I thought I heard something.
The rumor is it's supposed to be like a sequel to Shattered Memories.
Like what Shattered Memories was to Silent Hill 1?
This is supposed to be to Silent Hill 2 or something?
I don't want that.
I don't want to play that.
I didn't really enjoy that much of Shattered Memories.
Weird.
I just, like, old, plain old good Silent Hill.
Last decent one was four.
And that's it.
Silent Hill Shattered Memories on the Wii, 0.18 million.
So that's less than, and again, these numbers are coming from VGCharts.com.
That's much less than what Saw moved.
How did Homecoming do?
The problem is, though... Homecoming moved 0.36 million.
That's on the 360, and how much on PS3?
0.23.
So it did better than Saw.
and that's the problem though with Shattered Memories though it being the mature Wii game that system whatever the reason you can put out really awesome mature games on it but no one's buying them
Well, the other thing that strikes me odd about the fact that they're continuing the Silent Hill franchise, I mean, even if the Silent Hill Wii game was critically well received, is the departure of Akira Yamaoka.
Because, like, to me, he was such a key component of that franchise, like, I really don't see how they can continue it without him.
I mean, if it's true that they're just, you know, redoing the second game, I suppose I can see that, because, I mean, how much did he really contribute to Shattered Memories?
I don't think he...
Did a lot for that game.
I mean, I don't know.
Did he even do the soundtrack?
Yeah, he I think worked on the soundtrack for that.
I think they finally learned that they really can't do anything else with the series.
They don't have the right kind of, I think, thought process to take it where it needs to go.
That's just my thought.
Interesting comment from the chat room, because this could spar another discussion here.
SSJ100, Matt, in our chat room, chat.orange.radio.com says, I remember the great horror movies of the 80s when it was about the scare, no matter how cheesy the effects were, whereas now it's shot gore.
He goes on to say, the thing, 80s version, is better than any Saw or Hostel movie.
And then somebody brought up, DJ Dark Knight says, Nightmare on Elm Street, nothing more, and Friday the 13th.
And it's interesting because they've remade a lot of those great 80s horror movies.
I mean, Nightmare on Elm Street's coming out in a couple weeks, right?
And it seems odd to me that those are not turning into games.
I mean, sure there was a Friday the 13th game years and years ago on the NES, which, by the way, I enjoyed way more than most people did, just on a tangent.
I actually...
I hate to say it because I know I'm going to get made fun of, but I don't care.
I actually enjoyed the Friday the 13th game when I was younger.
It made sense to me and I had a lot of fun playing it.
It was hard as hell.
I never beat it, but I thought it was a cool game.
I like the angry video game nerd, his review of it.
It was funny.
And there was a Nightmare on Elm Street game too, if I remember right.
Which was crap.
It was crap, but if my memory is right, it was one of the very few Nintendo games that used that four player expansion they had.
Remember how they had the four player thing on the NES?
I know that you could change your main character and that it was still really lame.
Every character sucked, pretty much.
Well, with the Saw and the horror franchises, doesn't it seem odd to anyone that there is not a video game coming out for Nightmare on Elm Street?
Or even that there wasn't one for Friday the 13th?
There hasn't been one for Halloween or any of the horror movies they've made in quite some time.
No, I'm not surprised.
Why is that?
Because first you have to pay the licenses for that, and they have an idea of how well these games perform.
and something like that it'd be kind of hard to expand on the storyline and stuff like for example Nightmare on Elm Street well what the hell would the game be about I mean you're basically going after Freddy I guess or you know trying to escape him but it's just hard to expand on the how you know whether enemies and stuff are you gonna have in it it just doesn't translate well into a game
It's strange, though, because so many movies that come out these days get games with it.
Like, you know, Avatar had a game.
Alice in Wonderland had a game.
Avatar learned itself very well to a game.
Yeah, that's easy, though, to do.
There's plenty of characters in that that you can build a game off of.
And same with Alice in Wonderland.
So there's plenty of creatures and enemies and stuff you can create for the game.
I read a very interesting article this last week that said that it was on Yahoo and the little teaser was this could have been a video game and this movie franchise is losing tons of potential dollars because there is no video game and you click on it to find out what franchise they're talking about any guess?
Twilight, because I read this.
Oh, did you?
Yes, Twilight series.
What's funny is they forgot there is a game based on Twilight.
Well, it's the scenic game.
That doesn't count.
That's still a game, and it's based on Twilight, so they're stupid because they didn't do the research.
I don't count that.
I blame, no.
Look, I don't want to see it either, but they make a point.
It's strange that there is no Twilight video game.
Look, and again, I don't want to see it either.
It doesn't make a good game.
That's why.
But if they make a game for Alice in Wonderland and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory... But there's more characters.
Okay, she's not like... Push A to Sparkle!
Exactly.
It's not like she's running around slaying vampires or slaying werewolves or whatever.
She's just some whiny emo chick, and you can't make a game based on that.
Push B to Lock the Door and Cry.
I mean, seriously, you can't.
You can't really do that.
There's no enemies for the fight.
She doesn't do that.
It doesn't translate well.
It would be like the equivalent of making a game based off of...
Anything like, you know, like the money pit or, you know, just... I'm getting yelled at by chatters because they're saying, Ranma's saying, no Twilight game for PS3 360.
That's a smart move.
TigerClaw says, don't give them any ideas.
Do you really want a Twilight MMO?
Again, I have zero interest in the game.
But the capitalist money-making...
America, fuck yeah, side of me that's all about making money does say, you know, a Twilight game on the Wii that's not seen, I'm talking about an actual Twilight game, is a lost opportunity.
It really is.
I have zero fucking interest in it, but I know there's a lot of girls that would play it.
Here's how you do it, okay?
And this is how you can translate most of those games that don't necessarily, or most of those movies that don't necessarily work as games into games and have them still be alright.
You do them the way they did Heavy Rain.
That's the only way you can do it, is that you have some sort of context-based game that has a narrative that looks just like the movie.
That's really the only way you can do it, because as far as being an action game or anything like that, you can't do that with these games.
It makes no sense.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, Hey, I'd like a Twilight game if you got to play as Blade.
They really could do a dating sim.
And that would sell amongst the... God, that just makes me feel dirty.
What was that shirt I saw at Hot Topic?
And then Buffy staked Edward the end.
That's great.
I would wear that shirt.
It was pretty awesome.
I knew you would wear that shirt.
Okay, sorry.
I would rock that with pride.
Look, I want to put out a formal apology to our listeners and everybody for bringing up Twilight on Orange Lawn Radio.
It was inappropriate of me, and I apologize.
So, please, let's move on with a different video game.
It'll never happen again.
I think that I'm having an allergic reaction to that, Rob.
No, you're just sparkling.
Ah!
Loki, help.
Loki, help.
and nobody told Xbox Live because apparently on the Xbox Live Marketplace there is a wonderful banner announcing the Gears of War 3 game which will be coming April 2011.
That's a year off.
Yeah.
I just want to point out, I speculated earlier this year that Gears of War 3 would be an E3 announcement.
Okay, so maybe I screwed that up, but that it was going to support Project Natal.
Does that seem to be the case?
Doesn't say.
Don't know, but there's been some sort of rumors saying that it will feature, I guess, underwater combat this time and mech suits.
I mean, not that I think it needs to support Natal.
It was just kind of my gut feeling was they've been really, really quiet about such a big franchise for them.
And so I kind of thought that it was going to be like, oh, Gears of War 383 and it's Natal.
That's why we've kept it so under the wraps.
Well, it still is.
So I guess, you know...
We'll hear more about it, maybe if you want to watch Jimmy Fallon on Monday, I guess.
Or just wait for the YouTube to hit 15 minutes later.
Yeah.
Because, you know, I'd rather not subject myself to an hour of that.
I'd just watch the highlights.
Actually, I have to admit, I'm not huge on Gears of War either.
I'm just not good at it.
Gears of War, A, I suck at first-person shooters to begin with.
B, the thing about Gears of War is it's very about cover and stealth and being able to move around and be very tactical.
Whereas if I'm going to play an FPS, I've got to play something like Quake 3, which is just kamikaze, run out there, shoot everybody with rocket launchers, kill, kill, die, die type of stuff.
I'm not good at Gears of War because I can't cover.
I just run out and shoot everything and I always die.
And stuff like that is why Gears of War makes a better game franchise than Twilight.
Because there's no rocket launchers.
I mean, there's people dying, but they just whine about it.
SSJ100 Matt says, don't support NBC, go Team Coco.
So it's saying that you shouldn't watch the show anyway.
You should just wait for whatever will show up on Xbox Live inevitably anyway.
In support of Coco, who I'm seeing live next week.
Very excited.
Very excited.
Well, yay for you, Rob.
That's right, I should buy tickets for that.
I think they're all sold out everywhere.
Well, I meant for Sacramento.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Not cool because A, you don't know what caused the error, which is going to be bad for EA and Mythic.
They're trying to refund the fees within 24 to 36 hours, but here's the problem.
People are going to start bouncing checks, they're going to overdraft, and they're going to threaten EA with this.
EA is going to have to pay for all these overdraft fees that they cause.
Without a doubt.
And so that's just not pretty for them.
That sets them back.
That's a big boo-boo.
But that's the one reason to be careful with these automatic withdrawals.
But it stinks because so many games kind of require them in this day and age.
But it makes you think about maybe using those prepaid cards instead because you don't want something like this happening to you, I'm sure.
I mean I don't think anybody did this intentionally or purposely I mean surely it was an error it's just a really crappy error that is just really no one wins in this scenario no one wins no and it's not like Warhammer Online was a game that was it kind of didn't need something like this on its reputation right now it's it's very unfortunate um
Can you imagine if something like that happened with WoW?
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Banks would go under from all the people that would complain and rise up.
My gosh.
I don't think it affected everyone that played, but I think just those that probably had their statements renewed on a certain day, but still.
Stinks.
Too bad for them.
Let's see.
Ranma in our chat says, That happened to me with a hotel for Anime Boston.
Took them two weeks to refund my money.
So irritating that companies can do that.
But you know what?
If it results in overdraft fees and it's this company's fault, you should take them to task for it.
They'll refund the money.
They have to.
All right.
Anyhow.
That's messed up.
I know.
I looked at that and I was just like, yet another reason to hate Warhammer!
You know what, though?
That could have happened at any game, though.
I would bet money that EA Mythic contracts another company to handle all this and that company botched up.
Doctor Who
on PC.
We get a Doctor Who game.
Who?
Doctor.
Who?
Doctor.
Who?
Do not make me go hunt down my sonic screwdriver, please.
Anyway.
Starting on June 2010, there are going to be four interactive episodes that are going to be free on the BBC Doctor Who website with the current cast and the new producer, writer, guy, and a lot of...
Just story elements, I guess, going on with what's currently, I guess, going to happen in this season, and it's being developed by Sumo Digital.
It actually was said by the head of drama for BBC Wales, the executive producer for Doctor Who, that there aren't going to be 13 episodes, there will be 17, four of which are interactive.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But that doesn't mean they won't do games.
Yes, it does.
What?
They ended it.
They completely ended it.
But can't they go back and do games from, you know, the canon earlier in the show or something?
I seriously doubt that's going to happen.
They do that all the time with franchises that are over.
They reinvigorate it for a game.
Well, okay.
I'll give you that.
Where's my northern exposure?
Shut up.
Wasn't there talk, actually, I'll say this not to deviate to sci-fi nerddom for a minute here, but wasn't there a talk that Fox wanted to do an American version of Torchwood?
Dear God, no.
I hope not.
and something about the guy, why can't I remember his name?
The guy that plays Captain Jack.
They actually were thinking of having him do it.
Johnny Depp?
No.
Not that Captain Jack.
The other one.
Why can't I remember his name?
Oh my God.
John Barrowman.
Thank you.
Barrowman.
The guy that played Captain Jack and sang all those songs and dressed up like a captain with hoochies hanging off of him?
That Captain Jack?
No.
No.
Not that Captain Jack.
John Barrowman.
Oh.
Captain Jack is such a common name.
Grand Theft Auto episodes from Liberty City making its way out onto the Playstation 3 as well as PC Blood Bowl finally coming out on PSP this week as well and there's going to be nothing else I guess that is one hell of a light week
Alright, let's go to... I need to say something real quick.
Okay.
Since I hate having to spell this shit out because apparently I do every time I state something that's my opinion.
When I say something is over, I'm typically meaning it's over for me.
I don't care.
It's gone.
So... Okay, well I took what you said to mean that the show is actually over.
So it's not over, it's just you've written it off because you don't like the direction it's going in.
They got rid of everybody.
Except for one person.
There's nothing more in that for me to watch.
Okay.
Well, as someone who doesn't watch the show, I had no idea.
So there you go.
All right.
Japanese release dates.
No More Heroes is coming out on the Xbox 360.
So that is...
and yeah, I'd heard about that that they were going to remake that for the 360 because, you know, mature games don't do very well on the Wii.
It's going to be awesome.
So there it is on its way on the 360 this week and there's lots of people like Loki who will probably use his new JTAG not creepy anonymously donated 360 to play.
It could be a bomb.
I haven't opened it up yet.
Loki.
I'm going to get that screen somewhere.
All right.
On the PlayStation 3, also gets a version of No More Heroes as well.
It's a pretty dry week otherwise.
I guess that's kind of the anchor.
And there you go.
You can import the PS3 version if you don't have a modded console.
That's true because PS3 is region free.
Of course, it's all going to be in Japanese, but who cares?
Might be able to get through it anyway.
Nintendo Wii, not a thing this week You gotta wait till the 22nd for really any new games PlayStation 2, Clover no Kune no Alice comes out As well as Saiko Shogi Gakuyashashi Special That's just a price reduction to about the equivalent of 20 bucks in Japan So look for that, that's a gambling game though I mean really, do you guys import gambling games?
I don't think you do
on the Nintendo DS.
Let's Science with Marie and Gully.
That's a big game coming out this week on the Nintendo DS.
I've never heard of this game.
Let's Science.
I don't know.
Is that like Science Mama?
I don't know.
I know it has little equations in it and all this other stuff.
That is not Cookie Mama.
I thought it was because I saw Mama in the title.
Otoko means boy.
Yeah, it's like a little...
PSP, Sokoku no Kusabi, Hiro no Kakara 3
I don't recognize it it looks like it's based on an anime because it has really pretty cutscene looking things in it a lot of talking and chatting in the game can't tell what that is though sorry I'm not up to speed on all of my Japanese what is this maybe this is it too there's a limited edition of it coming out as well let's try to see if that would tell me what it is nope oh well that's coming out on PSP and that's it for Japanese release dates
DarkSakura, how about the Old Kingdom?
Well, on the 15th, we have Final Fight Double Impact.
We have Sam & Max The Devil's Playground, Episode 1, The Penal Zone.
And on the 16th, we have Samurai Shodown Sen, Grand Theft Auto 4, Episodes from Liberty City, and Splinter Cell Conviction.
Just a few more stories for you guys, then we're going to get into the classic game of the week.
But first, a few more news stories for you guys.
Loki.
Yes.
Of course, with the new update 3.21 that removes Linux from the PlayStation 3, which is retarded.
I'll just tell you right now.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Since Sony made a big to-do about trying to patch it up, I'm not updating my system until I see what happens.
Don't you kind of have to?
I mean, if you want to play anything online, because it does that whole thing where it says there is a system update available and if you want to connect to PlayStation Network for anything, you have to upgrade.
Have to.
I don't connect to PlayStation Network because I don't play anything on it.
Okay, well then you'll be fine.
I'm just saying.
I mean, even to have the online leaderboards or anything, you can't
Play those without updating.
Because my system wasn't updated.
I mean, I haven't really played anything on PlayStation 3 this week.
But I went into a game on there the other night to show... Actually, I was showing a friend our little cameo in the Namco Museum game.
But that game wants to connect for leaderboards.
And it was not working right because it needed me to update.
That's when you unhook it from the internet.
I'm just saying.
You're going to be very limited until you update.
I'm okay.
Anyways, so what's important about this is apparently the guy Geohot, who has done different hacks on the iPhone and whatnot, he's I guess one of the first guys that jailbroke some of those I guess, I don't know.
Anyways, so he is now, he put out a video that shows him with a modded 3.21 system with actually the option to install the other OS still.
So basically he patched out their patch and just added the update or something.
And he says it's very easy to do.
But he also says that he's not going to necessarily program anything so that people can, you know,
Build like, you know, ways to pirate stuff.
But right now it's just doing it for the other operating system.
But that makes me wonder.
How long?
Because it's just a matter of time.
And in fact, actually, his quote basically is basically saying that because of this, they've potentially turned 100,000 plus legit users into hackers because now they're going to try to find... They weren't caring before about trying to break it to add Linux to it, but now that they're removing it,
They're going to be more diligent in trying to hack the PS3.
Well, it also just seems like no surprise that this was cracked in minutes.
Is that all?
Essentially what Sony did is they just released something that didn't actually remove the feature but just removed the menu item or something.
It sounds like this hack was so easy that this guy did.
It almost sounds to me like Sony didn't really take it out.
They just took out your ability to access it.
The PS3 and the PSP, for example, their operating systems are very similar, especially the way their patch files and stuff come over.
If you're familiar with the PSP, you're probably going to have an easy way around the PlayStation 3.
It's just there are certain things that they haven't figured out yet, and apparently this guy's figured out ways around it.
Um, now another kind of story that ties in with this is apparently there was a guy, um, a European PS3 owner who, um, received, I guess, a credit for, um, you know, about 84 pounds, I guess, from Amazon because he filed a complaint with the retailer saying that the firmware update violated some sort of, uh, European law.
and basically saying that the console no longer performed as advertised.
And you know what?
And I do think that is something, though.
I mean, if you're putting on the box or you had on the box, now they have all these slim systems and stuff.
Before you go there, in the U.S., it's not on the box.
I can't speak for the U.K., but I only know this because last week on Bobby's show, because right before the call, he actually had the box and he said it's not on the box.
I don't know about the UK, but the US.
It's still, no matter how insignificant it is, it still sucks that they removed it because, I mean, this is something you may be paying for.
Granted, it's not a feature that I use, but that'd be the same thing if, like, oh, well, I don't really watch Blu-ray movies on my, you know, PS3, and then they send a patch over that, you know, now prevents me from watching Blu-ray movies.
Granted, say it wasn't a feature I was using, that's still, like, you're removing a feature off the console.
And yeah, people should be pissed.
Because, granted, they're doing this for security reasons, but what if they find a way around something else?
What other features are going to be removed?
I don't know.
It's just a case of a couple bad apples ruining the barrel, I think.
But I think it was a little silly for Sony to put that feature in in the first place if they're closing it up because of piracy.
Because didn't Linux kind of lend itself to piracy anyway?
And I'm not talking about PS3 necessarily, but everybody knew there was emulators out there for the NES and, you know...
But, see, now, though, with Linux installed on these systems, they can sell, you know, a ton of them to different, like, universities or whatever, using them as number crunchers.
It's an easy way to make up some console sales, you know?
Just, uh, hey, look, you can run Linux on it.
It's like a little portable supercomputer.
You know, they were even saying, oh, yeah, it's, you know, it's a computer system.
It's not a game system.
It's a computer system.
Um, you know, of course, the rumors were that they were doing that to evade taxes or whatever.
But, um...
Still though, now you're...
I don't know.
They can do whatever they want, I guess, because since the end user license agreement anyways just basically says you're leasing the console from them, so if they want to take features away, I guess they can.
But as a consumer, I will probably think twice when it comes to the next PlayStation system that they are advertising can do such and such things.
You'll probably think twice, hey, what are they going to remove later?
Because it doesn't go their way.
It is very interesting that they can just kind of do that.
And we all accept that because it's in the agreements that we hit A to get through real fast on the Xbox.
It just seems, I don't know.
And also, if you ever happen to click no, then you just don't get to use it, right?
Exactly.
Exactly.
I don't know.
It's just kind of sad there's nothing to protect me.
It would be different if it was just connecting to their online service.
And I understand, yes, they can prevent you from going to their online service for whatever reason.
If they want you to update and you don't want to, then fine.
You can't connect to their online service.
But, you know, offline games, if you pop in a game or whatever, it will just automatically patch your system up anyways.
You can't just say, no, I don't want to install this patch.
It's going to do it regardless.
And they do it, obviously, as a security feature so that, you know, you can't go and hack the PlayStation 3, but... Whatever, then maybe they should have figured out a way to be able to leave that operating system on there and not have it, you know...
Have access to whatever that's on the PlayStation 3 that you can apparently hack the system with.
All right.
Well, turning to something that is an old standby and reliable, and you know these are always coming and not going to get taken away from you, Pokemon.
That's right.
Taking a step over to the Nintendo systems, Pokemon.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They are going to be coming out this fall in Japan for the Nintendo DS That is DS, not the 3DS So these are still games I mean, obviously the 3DS will play them As we know about the 3DS so far But these games are being developed for the DS More info is supposed to come in the next few weeks But the game is supposed to be out in fall And I imagine we'll see some of this at E3 as well The logo design is gorgeous
Even though the games probably won't come out in America for some time What is so gorgeous about the design for you?
I just like it, I just really like it It's popping, I have this thing for black and white And just with the red Pokeball in the background I think it's actually really eye-catching and really well done It's very interesting that they decided just to go with black and white Like, you know, just very plain colors, if you will None of this like ruby, sapphire, emerald, just black and white
Honestly, I think using black and white is I always thought of just using black and white as being more classy.
than going for the sparkly poo.
So a classier, more refined Pokemon?
I think so.
I think that it takes a lot more talent to... I mean, I prefer things being pretty clean in how they're done.
Honestly, I like the logo.
The fact that I could actually look at it and read it right away, I was kind of impressed with myself.
Actdeft in our chatroom says the third version is going to be gray.
Make it easy, huh?
Yep, so more Pokemon.
I'm just kind of surprised this information is coming out so soon after the release of the games we just had here.
But at the same time, we have to remember this news was tailored for Japan, not really for the U.S.
And those games have been out in Japan for some time.
It's kind of like the news about the 3DS came out, what, like the day that the DSi XL was released here?
interesting we can only learn from like you know another game company that has announced a revision to their system right as they're launching their system hmm that hasn't happened before has it oh wait no it has yeah
Bochiko on our chatroom says classy Pokemon, a squirrel in a top hat with a cane.
Possibly.
And Frisbee in chat says there's my problem.
I don't know if I should buy black or white or wait for gray since it's inevitable that there will be a third version as well.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Every week here on the show we like to take a look at gaming's past and take a trip to the classic vault and look at the classic video game of the week where DarkSakura will pick one game from the archives and she says, you know what?
You ungrateful kids playing with your Pokemans all day and collecting your mudkips you should take some time out to pay tribute to those that paved the way for these games.
It's the classic game of the week.
DarkSakura, what did you pick for the kids tonight?
The game I have chosen is Summer Showdown 2.
Samurai Shodown 2
Um, it also has a bunch of Easter eggs in it, which I think is absolutely fun, and has the POW meter.
Ooh, POW.
Um, I actually own this game on Neo Geo.
I have the cartridge.
I will technically, I have the Japanese cartridge, but you know, you can actually switch your country of origin on it and it changes your blood to sweat and back and forth.
Like, this is from the Japanese version, clearly.
Because there's blood everywhere.
It's white sweat for the US one, so...
But this one had some of the best characters in it.
Actually, like, I have to say three of my favorite characters came about in this game.
Kiba-Gami Genjuro, who was Hau Maru's rival.
Cham-Cham, who replaced Tam-Tam, the little cat girl.
And she was fun.
She had, like, the giant boomerang.
And I don't know that she's been in anything else.
She was fantastic.
Nighthawk Saiger
I would say Japanese theater.
A Kuroko is like a stagehand.
The person who goes behind the scenes and wears all black so that you don't... He's supposed to be invisible.
He'll be like a prop or something or change scenery.
There's a really cool music video that uses all that.
It's a Scissor Sisters video and I can't remember what song it was, but they do that.
Except that he's not on a black screen.
He's just a dude in black hanging out by the scenery.
It's like what I would do in Rocky before.
I was the curtain.
Right.
Yeah, Rob used to climb up on me a couple of times.
Let's not give the listeners the wrong impression of our friendship.
There was also a female boss in the game named Rashojin Mizuki.
Yeah, Amakusa was not female.
Amakusa was just a really girly dude.
Um, you also, um, had, um, a blocking and a parry technique.
Um, basically, you would, you know, push against sword to sword, you'd lock, and then whoever came across it could get in a hit that was unlockable.
And, um, they actually borrowed that for Street Fighter 3.
Well, the kind of parry thing, the parry thing in Street Fighter 3 was different.
Yeah.
Um, you, um, there were cameos from other SNK characters and different stuff would happen.
My favorite Easter eggs, though, was like this weird little move that you could do with each of the characters that would make them chibi.
They'd just be little chibi cutesy versions.
They would just show up chibi.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Seriously, to me, it's one of my favorite games ever.
It's up there.
I'd put this up there in the top ten.
Probably one of my favorite fighting games ever.
As far as versions that came out, it only came out on Neo Geo for the longest time.
And then there was the Neo Geo CD version came out for Windows.
And then...
That version actually came out in the U.S.
There was a PlayStation version that came out in Sadamai Spirit's Kenkaku Shinan Pack, which was the first two, and it only came out in Japan.
And then the 2007 Tokyo Game Show, there was an Xbox Live Arcade and a PS2 Wii Anthology were announced.
So... It's...
This is seriously a fantastic game.
It's one of, like I said, one of my favorites.
And I think out of all of them, the only... Actually, no, I'd probably say that this one is my favorite.
The only reason that I would actually sometimes pick Summer Tread on 3 over 2 sometimes is just to play as Rimuru.
Because she had the ice... Rimuru?
Rimuru?
Bite Me Rob.
That's the name is Bite Me Rob.
And then I'll go grab my cartridge in a second, but that's it.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Samurai Showdown 2.
Not 1, not 3, 2.
But you'll probably see 1 and 3 in future weeks when Jamie starts running out of games.
Because you've been doing this a while now.
Gosh, this is probably like the 100th game of the week, if not more.
Rob.
What?
You've seen The Vault.
I know.
I've got a couple thousand games in there.
I'm not going to run out.
Alright.
We'll see.
I'll be scraping the obscure if you really want to get to it.
What are you going to do when you run out of Sega?
I don't think I'm going to run out of Sega.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, anyhow, for now though, we're going to take a quick break, but we'll come back.
There's still plenty more to talk about tonight.
You know, we haven't even touched the big iPhone news this week, and yes, it does affect gaming.
We're going to talk some Red Dead Redemption.
That's like hammer-rum-rum-rum-rum-rum-rum-rum.
And we're going to talk about some of the Microsoft changes to live that are going to be kind of interesting, especially for those of you that like to play games on the computer.
Talk about a lot of that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
So stick around, folks.
We will be right back.
And for those of you guys listening live tonight on All Games Radio, we're going to take a quick music break.
Stay tuned with us.
Just a little bit of potpourri of music tonight to listen to.
We're going to be back in a few minutes while we just take a second to rest our voices and so forth with more of Horizons Radio.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday night, April the 11th of 2010.
We're joining you for our 362nd episode of the show.
We're into Part B right now, the second half of our show.
We have some rapid fire news coming up and of course Twitter topics.
Just got a few more minutes to get those in.
We already have quite a few though.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to ask us something on Twitter.
And still some more news to get to in tonight's program Lots and lots of good stuff Loki, why don't you help kick it off with some rapid fire news
Yes, as it's been kind of a trend lately, there's been a lot of good games coming to the Xbox indie game service.
And actually, kind of not a stranger to doing some of these smaller indie games out there.
Gameloft, they have decided to put a game on there called Tank Battles.
Actually, it's pretty sweet.
Very kind of a high-quality tank battling game, almost like a souped-up combat, if you will.
How many of those games from the indie games have crossed over to regular Xbox Live?
Hasn't there been like one?
Yeah.
Uh... Weren't they saying some time ago that there were going to be more that would cross over to actual games, or am I just making stuff up?
They do, like, a contest, I want to say, each year, and there's some that come out of that.
Ooh, one a year!
Well, no, not... They do a contest once a year.
They don't necessarily port just one game from that.
Um... But...
I don't see a lot of them coming over the Xbox Live Arcade but I don't really think it needs to because especially when those ones that do win the contest they do get singled out on you can select I think contest winners or competition winners or whatever and you can actually see those and then also of course now with the new rating system and stuff it allows games that are actually pretty good to make it to the forefront so people can sort through all the hundreds of games that are on there so
um it's not horrible I don't know it's getting better that's for sure um lots more games are coming out on there um now one game that we of course are not going to probably see on indie games but perhaps an Xbox Live Arcade release or maybe something on the PlayStation Network who knows um Rocket Knight another game coming out um of course you may remember Rocket Knight I believe was an old Konami franchise and um
and DarkSakura.
I don't know.
But yeah, I don't know if the screen... It's kind of souped up looking, so obviously the screenshots probably don't bring back any memories of the original game, but it looks neat.
Alright.
So, that'll be coming out.
And then finally...
Another Xbox Live Arcade game, and also going to be coming on Steam as well.
Serious Sam HD, the second encounter, is of course getting its brand new HD remake, I guess.
And should be coming to Xbox Live soon.
They haven't really made an official date yet for Xbox Live Arcade, but the Steam version is supposed to be coming out around April 28th.
and, of course, the PC version on Steam will be available for $17.99.
And I guess that'll be, if you pre-order it, otherwise it's going to be $20.
No word on exactly what it's going to cost, of course, on Xbox Evercade, but probably somewhere around that, maybe $15.
By the way, Ranma in our chatroom is clarifying, just in case you didn't know, Rock Ignite Adventures was on the Sega Genesis, and the sequel Sparkster was on the Super Nintendo and Genesis.
So Sparkster was the original sequel.
Alright, I got some other rapid quick stories for you guys.
A couple items around Rock Band.
Of course, the weekly Rock Band releases, the songs that are coming out on Rock Band this week, either on the 13th or the 15th, depending on what system you're on.
The Used will be releasing the songs Blood on My Hands, Born to Quit, and The Taste of Ink and some individual tracks from Surge, Tonkin, Empty Walls, and Sky is Over as well as All Star by Smash Mouth if you haven't heard that song 500 times in 1999 you can hear it all over again
Green Day Green Day
The songs that will be in the game, I'm not going to name them all, but I will just say it almost looks like most of the Dookie album, American Idiot, and 21st Century Breakdown, almost like all those albums seem to be there.
I mean, there are some tracks missing, but the big, big components of those albums.
Otherwise, from Warning, there's Minority and Warning, Nimrod has Hitch and a Ride, Good Riddance, Time of Your Life, you know, when you need that slow jam, that quintessential goodbye song.
Nice Guys Finish Last, and then Insomniac has Brain Stew, Jaded, and Geek Stink Breath.
Downloadable content includes 21 Guns and so forth.
A few songs there.
And then lastly for you guys, Squeenix has some Final Fantasy XIV updates this week, including some of the races and clan information.
basically your races can boil down into these different clans so you can play one of the not Galka but they're actually called Rogadins now you can actually be like a seawolf fisherman type of Galka I keep wanting to call them Galkas but I guess they're Rogadins now or you can be like a fire type Hellsguard clan so it's like all the races now have clans too so you have like a specialized sort of place that your race comes from well I'm glad they actually changed something other than the names
Well, here's the other big thing is that some more information came out that's out there on the internet and your characters have like first and last names now.
A lot of instances play into the game apparently where you get your own copy of the world.
Dude, the game is sounding more and more like Final Fantasy XI meets not Warcraft but Guild Wars.
Like I seriously think the game that they're making is like Final Fantasy XIV Guild Wars.
Okay, that sounds playable.
Just make it so I don't have to pay an online fee like Guild Wars and I'm there Sadly I don't think that part but there's screens from the alpha that are leaking out there now and you can see I'll have to show you the website here in Studio Loki and Jamie if you want to see it too but definitely look like your items are on like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 like you push the button to do the attack now like it's a little more wow-ish or Guild Wars was kind of the same way so very curious to see how this plays out
Well, as long as I can do it with a controller, because I kind of miss playing with a controller.
Well, if they're developing it for PS3, then I'm sure controller will be... I mean, but it'll be weird, because I don't know if you'll be able to put in just any old controller, or what you'll have to do.
Break out the old Gravis pad, do it the old school way.
It should be fine.
We'll see what happens.
More to come when the beta for that is released.
But meanwhile, we just have stuff leaking out from the alpha.
While Jamie does her quick stories here, I'll pull up that website that somebody texted me here in studio and show you guys the screenshots.
And I'll post it in chat if anyone actually cares.
Well, some kid who is on Facebook plays Farmville and used their parents' credit card to run up a 905-pound tab, basically about $1,300, $1,400 to pay for stuff.
I guess he took his mother's credit card and put it in.
and uh spent all that money so they're trying to figure something out on it I guess I just think I hate I hate Farmville anyway I think it's a waste of time I mean I know people like it they want to do it fine but if you got kids that play it watch out for your credit card
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So is it Facetron?
that doesn't work so much.
Like, that's been kind of a pattern of South Park lately.
Like, the first 15 minutes are hilarious, and the second 15 minutes are not nearly as funny.
And that's kind of, sadly, the Tron part, not as funny as the rest of it.
But I thought it was awesome they referenced it.
I love Tron, though.
All right.
Namco Bandai is doing something really neat.
We're getting Splatterhouse on, I guess they're doing a...
They're doing a new game that got delayed and delayed.
Saying that?
Sorry.
Okay.
As I was trying to say, they're doing a new Splatterhouse and they're going to put the original trilogy on the disc.
I guess this is a little fun compilation to add on to that.
It will have the original arcade version of Splatterhouse, as in the uncensored one, and then Splatterhouse 2 and Splatterhouse 3 that were the Genesis versions.
So, that'll be pretty fun.
I have it, but I haven't played it in so long that I'd have to break it out and see I don't recall it really being that censored
and then we have for Xbox Live in April Final Fight and Mega Man 10 download content basically it's Final Fight Double Impact and that's going to be on April 14th
and then there will be the mall half-priced on April 12th and then two add-ons for Mega Man 10 which is base and special stage one base also known as Forte
Final Fantasy Devil Impacts
There's no new game this week because they're too busy shutting down Xbox service on April 15th.
It's gone.
It's out there.
So get your taxes done.
And get your last Halo 2 game in.
Unless you're going to play on PC from here on out.
I hope we get a patch so we get our 100 plus friends now.
It's weird though because they already had the big patch for the USB support this past week, so I don't know if there's going to be another one.
I don't know if you heard, and I can't remember if we're talking about it, I don't think we are, but you heard that that uncrippled the hard drive set of consoles that got banned.
Oh?
Yeah.
Yes, that patch did.
Interesting.
Yeah, I think that is interesting.
Alright, I wanted to quickly answer some questions from chat.
Chat.orange.radio.com, Frisbee's asking in reference to the South Park episode, what did you think about the chat roulette part?
Oh, I forgot that they make chat roulette.
I didn't even realize that was a real site.
I actually had to check that.
I was like, holy crap, that's a real site.
The only way that I know that's a real site is that I've seen the YouTube of the guy that, well, I've seen a couple YouTubes.
The guy that does the piano
Penis, penis, penis, penis.
I thought it was funny, but it was kind of one of those things where the joke got old, and then they kept saying it over and over again for another three minutes, and I was like, okay, I'm over it.
Chat roulette, not a site.
I'm barely on AIM and Skype.
Why would I go on chat roulette and talk to strangers?
I can't even talk to my friends online.
I'm not going to go on chat roulette.
Let's get to some Twitter topics.
Every week we let you guys ask questions on Twitter.
It seems like every podcast does this now.
I've been listening to more podcasts lately.
Everybody has a damn Twitter segment now.
I'd like to think we were one of the first.
It's like we were one of the first Skype shows.
But whatever.
It's awesome because it's our listeners and they ask some crazy ass questions sometimes and share some stories with us that we might otherwise miss on the show.
That's the other very important thing.
Redertainment asks, games to play while drunk?
And go.
I'd play DDR drunk.
Rock band if Jamie's party yesterday was any indication.
I wasn't really drunk.
You weren't drunk.
Karaoke games would be kind of funny.
Thank you for watching!
That he's playing right now Robot Unicorn Attack, there you go Actdeft says Konami is distributing Latin American made game Lucha Libre AAA Heroes Del Ring in America Ironically, it's not coming out in Mexico
I don't know.
Maybe another developer is putting it out there.
I don't know.
But if you like your Mexican wrestling, which it is kind of a niche thing, but it's pretty cool.
Yeah, and it's actual stars of AAA wrestling.
El Elegido, Abismo Negro, Psycho Clown, Electroshock, like actual... And Charlie Manson.
There's a wrestler named Charlie Manson.
That's...
A little close to a certain serial killer.
So there you go.
I think that's on purpose.
You might remember Konami.
This isn't the first time they put out wrestling games.
Oh no, they had Rumble Roses.
Remember Rumble Roses?
Wasn't that like your favorite Xbox game?
I wanted to play that actually.
It's a game that Dan would never pick up, but I really wanted to play it.
You probably get it now for like $3.
I'm sure.
I think I saw Dead or Alive Volleyball or whatever for like $10 the other day.
Hey, that was fun.
There's a game to play when drunk.
We've got it.
And yes, I've watched Dan play it while I was drunk.
Portal Drunk, instant throw up.
SSJ100Matt on his Twitter account says, Not so much a story, but a question for Loki.
Are you paying attention, Loki?
I'm paying attention.
He's playing the unicorn farting game.
Well, he just crashed the unicorn, so here we go.
What's your opinion on the kid that was caught trying to steal the game Breach at PAX East?
Well, it was a good attempt, I guess, but he got caught.
Don't compliment him.
Nice try, kid.
He doesn't deserve a compliment.
It was a stupid asshole thing to do.
Yeah, well, his reasons were retarded.
It's like, I just wanted to play this with my friend.
Well, no, you wanted to brag that you had the game is what you wanted to do.
And unfortunately, you're stupid and you got caught, so now you're going to face fines and jail time and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Hope it was worth it.
I'm going to say he probably shouldn't have done it in the first place.
Just taking a lucky stab in the dark.
Well, he shouldn't have, but you know.
He wanted to make a name for himself.
It's kind of surprising that he had the balls to do it.
And then not show up to his court date.
That was pretty fun.
Hilarious.
He was too busy playing on Chat Roulette.
He was playing Modern Warfare 2.
Was he really?
Yeah.
Samurai Shodown 2
Samurai Shodown 2
Actdeft says DJ Hero's price is now down to $50 at Toys R Us and links us to a new story about the price reduction.
That didn't move as well as they thought it would.
Now would be a good time to pick that up for DJ Hero 2.
Just saying.
If you want to get the controller and have it for DJ Hero 2.
And they also have, if you really want to spend the money, they have these new bundles now that have two DJ Hero controllers with the game.
It's a good game.
It's a bummer they didn't support the download content better because they could have done better.
I'll pick up the sequel.
Don't get me wrong.
It's an awesome game.
It's just typical, I guess, of Activision and their support for the download content.
I mean, if you've seen what they do for the Guitar Hero series, it's not a big surprise that we only have, like, three pieces of download content.
DarkTetsuya says, I just realized we haven't heard from the ferret in a while.
Whatever happened to him?
Well, when we moved the show to Studio DarkSakura, the ferret didn't really come with us.
I found it while moving, so the ferret is at my place right now, but...
We'll see you next time.
Ferret was, oh god, my ears.
Ferret was better.
Alright.
Ferret or Dalek?
I say Ferret.
Anyhow, Ray Iannami says, or no, I'm sorry, I skipped one.
Spazinator also sent, usually I don't do two tweets, but I will allow it tonight.
Spazinator PSN says, Rob, you asked about a month ago if I seen the tester.
Finally seen it.
I have similar thoughts on it.
You know, I stopped watching it.
I heard it ended finally and I'm pretty sure Season 1 ended Oh god, are they doing another one?
Yeah, wow Well, anyhow, I'm pretty sure the person I thought was going to win won You know, I would go on season 2 of The Tester Why not?
I mean, they probably tape it over a weekend and you get $5,000 for winning I mean, I probably wouldn't keep the job but I'd like to have the $5,000 I'd quit it I'd be a fame whore, why not?
Now that you've won the tester, what do you think?
Go Xbox.
I don't know.
I quit.
All right.
Might be fun for the experience.
This game sucks.
I don't want to play iPad.
All right.
Ray Iannami says, oh, whoops, that was a personal tweet here.
Just it had at OLR in it here.
ShadowSniper says, your thoughts on Hitman 5 and what you would like to see in the new game?
There's a Hitman 5?
I didn't even know there was a Hitman 5 coming out.
I didn't play Hitman 1 through 4.
It's not really my type of game.
Loki, that's more of your alley.
No, it's a stealth action game, so that's not really my forte.
What would I like to see in the new game?
Lots of sex and violence.
That always makes for a great video game, right?
Not Timothy Orban, whatever his name is.
Yes, and more lesbians.
TigerClaw305 tweets us, GTA is being shown to school children to teach them about violence and links us to this news story here from VG247.com.
What?
Like I had to check to make sure this wasn't dated April 1st.
What?
They fight and fight and fight and fight and fight.
Fight, fight, fight.
Fight, fight, fight.
Just a guess, but I don't think you show people violence to get them not desensitized to violence.
That kind of is the opposite of what you want to do.
You know what they did when I was young to scare the shit out of me, and this wasn't necessarily about violence, but it was violent, when they would teach us the responsibility of having a driver's license is they'd show us red asphalt.
Oh, we laughed through that.
You're not supposed to laugh.
It's disgusting.
I would not watch it.
I just would kind of look away and not really watch it.
It was disgusting.
Remember that every 15 minutes they teach you about drunk driving?
I'm like, you're wasting so much time.
I don't care.
I get it.
This person had alcohol.
They got in a fictional drunk driving accident.
It's sad.
It happens.
Why do I have to sit here for two hours while you talk about it?
They didn't do that at my school.
Did they actually drink?
No, they didn't.
Here's what they did.
This is great.
And this is from how I understand that they did it.
It could be a little different.
Okay, first they came out on our football field because we had our stadium and whatever.
They had everybody sit there and they had this big thing covered up with a tarp or something.
So they pulled the tarp off and it's this horrible car accident.
Like this person mangled or whatever.
Of course, it's just a person with makeup on and whatnot.
And then an ambulance comes and they realistically pull them out of the wreckage and stuff like that.
And then later on... Was it like one of the students?
Yeah, it was one of the students.
Or it was somebody.
Anyways, and then later on they have this grim reaper walking around the entire day.
And every 15 minutes they would take a student and pull them out of class.
And they were basically dead.
And they wouldn't be there for the rest of the week.
Or however long it was.
You had to get out of school for a week?
Okay, but, you know, it's like punishment, basically.
And I don't know if... Wait, punishment?
Well, no, hold on.
What did you do to get the Grim Reaper to tap you?
Oh, Matt didn't do his homework, you come with me, kid.
No, so here's what really happened from what I hear, and I don't know if this is entirely accurate because it's really fucked up if it is.
Basically, they took him to some sort of location, a cabin or whatever, and made him write notes to their parents or something like that.
Dear Mom, I am dead
Hi Mom, I died at school today.
The Grim Reaper took me out of class because I drank and drove.
They wrote letters to their parents later on about stuff like that.
But apparently the impression I was under is that the police went to their house and told their parents that they were dead.
Should they be out trying to catch real drunk drivers?
Anyways, you know what they did at my school?
They would have the really mean, fugly P.E.
teacher come in and say, they would say, if you drink and drive, you're going to go to jail, and you're going to stay there forever, and you're going to have a criminal record, and if you drink and drive, you're an idiot.
It took five minutes.
Anyways, yeah, okay, I understand that, and that makes perfect sense.
So not only do we have to sit through this two-hour long, you know,
Don't do it because you'll get two assemblies that you'll have to sit through
No, but honestly though, I mean, duh, drinking and driving impairs you and you can die, okay, or kill somebody.
I mean, any sane person that has some sort of common sense gets that.
However, nowadays kids are not being raised with common sense, so it's no wonder that they have to have multiple assemblies in order for this to sink in.
And even then, it's just not going to.
Yeah.
Well, that's okay.
I'm just going to smoke pot instead.
That's better.
I'm not drinking and driving at all.
Fuck you, Grim Reaper.
What were we talking about before?
I don't remember.
I was trying to see if they had that clip that I remember from the 90s that was... Yeah, I think it's this.
This was very much like what they did at my school.
I think it's this clip.
So, Beavis and Butthead.
I understand Mr. McVicar has made a little arrangement with you guys.
Yeah, a little probation.
You see, class, Beavis and Butthead here are not allowed to laugh for a whole week.
That's right, and if they do laugh, they'll be expelled, and they'll have to go to Hope High School where they'll get their asses kicked on a daily basis by all the other delinquents.
Ha ha ha!
Well, I was real glad to hear that, because this is Sex Education Week.
That's right, Sex Ed Week!
We're going to be talking about the penis!
We'll be talking about the vagina!
Do you think that's funny, butthead?
Do you find it amusing that we'll be talking about the testicles?
Yes, we're also going to be talking about venereal disease, sexual intercourse, and we will definitely be spending a lot of time talking about masturbation!
That's what they did in my school.
See, this is great.
See, this is the type of letter, actually, that they had the right for the every 15 minutes program.
Dear Mom and Dad, every 15 minutes, someone dies as a result of an alcohol-related collision.
Today, I died and I never got the chance to tell you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
and that's what made them all upset.
It was annoying.
Trust me.
If you go through high school, at least... Just get the gym teacher in there for five minutes.
Scare the hell out of everyone.
Do you want to see me again?
Do you want to see me again?
Hey, we have some other tweets.
MNZiba follows that with a question about Pokemon RO.
Plugging the old Pokemon RO telling us that you can actually win a beta account.
Apparently they're doing a test, a little thing there.
But the thing they linked us to didn't work.
But here's my thing.
For some reason the link didn't work.
But here's my question about Pokemon RO.
Didn't one of these Pokemon operations get shut down recently?
Like there was a Pokemon MMO going on?
Yes.
Like isn't this kind of a dangerous thing to be running right now in light of that?
Possibly.
Like I'm just saying.
Like I hope it doesn't get shut down.
I wouldn't like to see that happen to this.
But I'm just saying if Nintendo did the other one, just...
Be careful, kids.
I've seen some of the in-game stuff that looks pretty Ragnarok-y, pretty good.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, that's it for Twitter topics tonight.
Thank you guys so much for the tweets.
And sorry I didn't get to everything.
But, well, we had to play the clip from Beavis and Butthead.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to follow us in the future.
All right.
Giovedea in our chat room says, I took a college class where we had to yell tits, ass, penis, vagina, and all that on the first day of class.
Sex education in college is actually a lot of fun.
And it's educational.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so they had a transsexual come in teacher shut the door and said okay for the next hour you can ask anything you want and this person has agreed to answer any gross curiosity, whatever you've ever wanted to know now it's time to ask it so they asked everything everything
But it was a highly educational day, I'll tell you that.
I think it's going to be that forthcoming.
Our sixth grade sex ed was hilarious because we had a female teacher.
So the female teacher took the girls and explained the girls stuff.
And then apparently some kid's father was the person we had teaching the male portion of it.
And the guy was a pervert.
And that was funny.
Yeah, they used to split up the class for us too, but I just... And then the teacher found out the guy was a pervert, and that was the end of sex ed.
You guys might find this funny, but when I was in sex ed, you know what test I did?
We had six different tests throughout class.
Do you know which test I got the lowest score on out of all the tests that they gave out in class?
Male anatomy?
No.
Vagina week.
Vagina week?
You'd find that funny.
I thought y'all would get a kick out of that.
I find that ironic.
Hey, gaming news, once in a while.
It happens, believe it or not.
We talk about video game news on this program.
Oh, God, what happened to this show, Loki?
So, what's kind of neat is there's a rumor that Microsoft's live support is coming to the free games that you get with Windows.
Yes, you may remember all those wonderful classics as Solitaire, Minesweeper, Chess, etc.
Some of these I have never heard of, I guess because I don't have Windows 7, like,
Purple Place?
Purple Place, yeah, it's one of the new Windows 7 games.
And Windows has Mahjong now?
Yep.
It's on Vista.
No, I haven't used Vista yet.
It's on Vista and 7.
It's basically the old Shanghai game, but now Microsoft brand.
So, yeah, I wonder if that means, yeah, apparently they're going to not only get achievements, but chat and leaderboard support.
So now I can chat with people while playing Solitaire and have leaderboards Interesting that they're going to integrate this Solitaire is a huge game on Windows It's probably the number one Windows game above anything else you can think of WoW, Halo, anything you can think of Solitaire is probably a bigger game then
Should have been working now.
Achievement.
Played solitaire between the hours of 8 a.m.
and 5 p.m.
Achievement unlocked.
Anyhow, Microsoft, of course, isn't the only one that has a gaming network that is continuing to grow and develop.
But another big company is launching their own game network.
It's Apple.
That's right.
One of the big things that was announced as part of the new iPhone 4.0 OS is Game Center.
Game Center is going to be a single online gaming experience for the Apple devices that will kind of link all these games together you'll be able to invite and track friends you'll have matchmaking with this leaderboards and achievements that's right it's very own achievements
What's kind of interesting about this is that systems like this already exist somewhat in Apple's world I don't know if any of you guys grabbed the Commodore 64 emulator that's available on the Apple It was free a couple days ago, I think just for like last weekend, so I grabbed it It uses a technology called OpenFaint, which I believe is by the people who made AuroraFaint Which was one of the very early, early iPhone games that was out there
That was the same type of thing Somebody to develop this platform Well, what happened is that now you have OpenFaint And you have these other competing platforms as well And so Apple has finally just decided to step in and say You know what?
Actually, I think we're going to do our own thing Not just to steal a good idea But I think to kind of They probably see what's happening with the developers And that more and more game developers want to be on OpenFaint or something like this So Apple probably just wants to standardize it across the board
Well, it affects their branding, I think.
Yeah, and as much as you want to kind of say, well, they're big and evil for wanting to basically shut down OpenFaint.
Well, they're not really shutting down OpenFaint, but they're really trying to render it irrelevant, although I'm sure OpenFaint will still be around for some things.
I think Apple is very big on consistency.
Hence why they have such a rigid review thing for apps.
There's a reason why your apps all kind of look and feel the same.
It's because it's not like you get to make whatever buttons you want.
There are limitations to what you get to do with apps.
And I think it's to give consistency.
And so I think Apple wants to take kind of reign of this to bring that same consistency because it works well for them.
But of course, there's always that controversy because they don't really publish a lot of those guidelines and what exactly they look for when they screen things.
By the way, some other things that were announced that will affect gamers on the iPhone.
I mean, obviously there's multitasking was the big thing, although I got a 3G, so I'm screwed on that one.
I'm not going to get that.
Hopefully they announce a new iPhone in June because I'm eligible for an upgrade in October.
I don't really want to just upgrade.
But it works for the 3GS.
It will work for the 3GS, but I know Apple.
There will be another newer, nicer iPhone within the year.
So I got to hold out for that.
They've got that in common with Nintendo, don't they?
So, yeah.
I really, really, really want to get an iPad because I'm a big fucking sheep.
But I'm going to wait.
I'm going to wait until next year because I just know that camera on the front will be on next year's iPad.
Well, Dan and I were actually talking about how we both want one, but we're specifically going to wait until another generation goes by.
And then we're probably going to get them.
Also, by the way, just so you know, not just the multitasking, voice over IP in the background.
Like, you can have Skype running and get calls on Skype.
It's pretty neat.
And, again, no, not on 3G.
And folders to organize your stuff better, which is actually really helpful.
See, I think a lot of what they're incorporating, though, is stuff that they've actually stolen from the jailbreakers.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
My friend's got a jailbroken iPhone, and it's got folders and all kinds of stuff with it, and he can use it as a storage device, and it's kind of crazy.
Yeah.
Um, and what was the other one?
Oh, ads.
The iAds.
Now they're gonna have, uh, Apple's gonna have its own ad platform because I guess they just didn't like AdMob.
No, they wanted, it's not they didn't like it, they wanted a piece of it.
But no Flash!
It's very interesting.
I don't want to get too techy on you guys, but it's very interesting how Apple is kind of kicking down Adobe and they're also kicking down Google.
Did you know that they are taking out... I mean, you still will be able to search on the new iPhone 4.0 OS and you can use Google as a search engine, but the button will not say... It says Google right now.
It doesn't say anything else.
But they're opening it up for you to use Bing, Yahoo, whatever.
This one's pretty cool.
I do like the stuff that's coming with the 4.0 OS.
I'm a little bummed that it won't work on my phone, but at the same time, I'm getting a little irritated with my phone.
It locks up.
It's slow.
I don't know.
I might need to wipe it and reinstall everything.
I don't know what the hell is making it run so crappy.
But yet, here I am, still a sheep.
Could it be the Apple-created CPU inside of it?
I might have all these problems, but at the end of the day, dang, I'll tell you, I use my iPhone so freaking much.
It's a great little device to have in my pocket, I will say that.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Something non-Apple related, DarkSakura.
Well, there are some pretty big Final Fantasy fans out and about.
And there's one person who's doing a very interesting translation of it.
They are doing Final Fantasy in Latin.
Latin.
Yeah.
It's of course going to be a ROM with Patch, but it's in Latin.
Okay.
That's hardcore.
It just makes me think of Eddie as they're talking about being mugged and saying something to them in Latin.
Oh no, he knows Latin!
Run!
But I like the little line that, excuse me, I must be allergic to Latin, that Destructoid has in their little article about it.
It says, now can I get a copy of Alundra and Esperanto?
Nice.
Isn't Esperanto like a completely made up language?
Like it's not something that is like... It was meant to be a universal language.
So it takes elements from different... I see.
And actually it's... I'll tell you what, Rob.
You can look right now at a page in Esperanto and get an idea of what they're talking about.
I see.
Because it derives a little bit from every language.
Exactly.
Well, that's kind of neat.
And I know people who are learning it, so... That's cool.
It sounds cool.
I had a friend that spoke it, actually.
It was interesting to hear.
I want to call her an Esperanto.
I do not because I have to talk to the call.
Jamie, if somebody calls an Esperanto, you're talking to them.
I'll say, uh, si, si, no.
Anyhow, Loki, something in English, please.
Yes, Fear 3 has been announced coming from Warner Brothers.
And what's kind of neat about the new franchise in this horror shooter game is actually it's going to be including cinematics created by John Carpenter.
Thanks for watching!
So, pretty good pedigree there, and I know the franchise has been pretty good.
Hell, Fear 2 had some pretty awesome multiplayer in it, especially with all the maps with the Toy Soldier maps, and the theme song for that trailer, which I still can't get out of my head.
Looking forward to it, and no time frame yet when it's been announced.
It's supposed to be scheduled to be coming out in the fall, probably around November or so, on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
This is the game you probably pick up?
I haven't played the other ones.
I've been kind of curious to check it out, especially number two, but maybe I'll check it out.
I don't know.
Well, more information coming out on Red Dead Redemption.
Of course, this game was also shown off at PAX East.
That was probably one of those other games that Loki would have liked to see.
Oh, yes.
Well, they announced, though, this week that multiplayer free roam is going to be a feature in Red Dead Redemption.
I believe that's also in Grand Theft Auto 4, correct?
It's something similar.
It sounds very similar to free mode in Grand Theft Auto 4, but this one's almost... I would say it's closer to, like, party mode in Grand Theft Auto 4, where you can kind of join in.
Let me describe it a little bit here.
You can explore the full single-player game world, but you'll be in a multiplayer environment.
That sounds kind of like the...
on Xbox.
She's kind of like that too.
But it's separate from the single player story mode.
So in free roam, you can either go in by yourself or you band together with friends together in eight and then you can take on other little bands.
You can either hunt down criminals together or just, you know, shoot the shit out of each other.
16 players in the same lobby at once yeah and you get experience points as you do these different multiplayer modes 50 levels of character progressions the new xp will unlock new weapons mounts characters and challenges yeah it sounds very similar to the party mode in Grand Theft Auto 4 because you can basically jump into um it's it's like a lobby but it's basically just a portion of the Grand Theft Auto map and if you really want to you can just
Hang around in the lobby and drive all over the entire map or do whatever.
So this is going to be very similar to that where you can kind of play more of a freeform version of the game.
Plus they have areas where it will launch different things like deathmatch modes or hunting or, you know, I believe there's like a capture the gold type mode in there.
So it'll be very cool.
Alright.
I'm looking to try to mod this game to put a car into it.
Just because I know the engine that they're using is probably extremely similar to Grand Theft Auto and if it's anything like that game was set up, it should be very easy to do something similar like that.
You and your freaking hacks.
It would be hilarious for rocket launchers or something.
All right.
Well, let's get to the segment of the show that doesn't involve cars or bringing things into places they shouldn't be.
Except spam.
We do get a lot of spam that shouldn't be in the mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
That's mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com is our email address for you to send your emails to every week.
We read our favorites here on the show and respond to them.
Dark Sakura likes to dive into the mailbag and pull out some of her favorites and read them right now.
Again, mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you would like to participate sometime.
DSMaster26 sent an email.
Try not to sound too excited about it.
It's very badly written and it's giving me a headache, so I think I might just translate it into real English.
Okay, go for it.
Um...
I could try and read it the way it's written.
I could do it.
Okay.
Okay, as it's written, Dear C4 and OLR crew, I am giving a giant F you to is Microsoft because of them raping me in the ass for 15 minutes.
Okay, I can't take it anymore.
Translate, please.
Okay.
Um... Dear Olarkra, I'm giving a giant F you to Microsoft because they're raping me in the ass for 50 bucks a year.
That is crap.
I'm regretting getting a 360.
I should have bought... It's spelled B-O-U, not B-A-U.
Bought the PS3.
At least you should have instead of should of.
I hate that.
It is should have, would have, could have.
So he doesn't get an F. Just a D minus.
He gets a D minus.
So thank you for at least avoiding one of my pet peeves.
Here are the reasons why... Okay.
Cry.
Web browser.
No, it's regions, R-E-G-I-O-N, not R-E-G-I-N.
Um, Locking, New Beat Mania, 2DX17, Free Online Play, No Cost, Netflix Without Paying for PSN, and finally, that's all wrong, and finally, 5, um, Bluetooth, okay, god, this sucks.
Punctuation, do you speak it?
Thank you.
Many phones have Bluetooth, therefore, therefore ends in an E, by the way, I can use the headset for both my phone and PS3.
I'm wondering if you have any suggestions for Bimani titles for PS3 and 360.
Please help, I'm on a Bimani binge ever since I played 2DX17 at the arcade in Omaha.
Help.
Peace out, DSMaster26.
There's really not a lot available on the 360 and PS3.
I will tell you, no way in hell should you spend any money on Beat and Groovy.
Honestly, I like DJ Hero a lot.
I know that's not Bimani, technically, but as far as music game goes, it's really the best with Rock Band.
If you're looking for DDR and stuff, there's just not a lot of great stuff.
You can go for Dance Dance Revolution Universe, and I would say Universe 2 is probably the best of the series.
You can get Universe 3 very easily, though, but it's on the auto games or whatever.
Karaoke Revolution, if you like that kind of stuff.
I don't know.
Not my favorite.
And if you really want the True Bomani experience that they've brought to you straight to the next-gen system, then Rock Revolution is definitely a title for you.
That'll basically tell you what they think of the new systems.
There's a PS on here.
Okay.
I challenge Mel B to a perfect attack and freestyle DDR match.
He will go down.
Not bloody likely.
How do you perfect attack and freestyle?
Perfect Attack, Freestyle
Um, you know, I haven't asked him.
I think he listens to this show, though, so maybe he can email us and tell us.
I think he still kind of follows it, but I don't think he really... Well, yeah, he does a lot of DJing gigs and stuff.
Not DJ Hero, but real, actual DJing.
I know that's a big hobby of his now.
Where are they now?
That would be a fun segment to do on OLR someday.
Where are they now?
Where is Jahi?
Oh, good question.
I haven't heard from Jahi in a long time.
You know what?
Maybe we need to do this.
It's like an OLR special.
Maybe for our anniversary.
Like, find Bomani people from back in the day and do like a Where Are They Now segment.
But like, a lot of our newer listeners wouldn't understand.
Who cares?
Well, I broke out the orange bat, Rob.
I broke out the orange bat.
I know you did.
Well, you know, Wendell.
Oh, my God.
Have you seen Wendell lately?
Uh-uh.
Oh, yeah.
I heard he lost a lot of weight.
He's looking pretty good.
Step Squad RTF Reunion
well something like that we wouldn't necessarily have to do it here like we could find a place to remote broadcast we'd go to Sweet Tomatoes where could we I don't know we'll have to find a big space that used to be where we'd all meet up to go to dinner like years and years ago we'd go to Sweet Tomatoes and Concord let's figure something out we're gonna do that for our next anniversary show I bet number nine I should go on DDR Freak and post something NorCal famous DDR players wanted for a reunion special or something like that that'd be fun
I keep a lot more on my Facebook.
Hmm, I just, where can we do it?
Because there's too many people to have here, and I don't have a big garage anymore.
Dave and Busters!
We could do a roadshow.
I'm set up to do that because of PAX.
We could do a roadshow, and on top of that, I think I'll have my... We just couldn't do that live.
I think I, actually, au contraire, I may have my Wi-Fi tether on my phone working.
Ooh.
They have a Wi-Fi tether for the 3GS.
That would be tough to do 96K to all games.
That would be tough on a Wi-Fi tether.
I don't know.
I bet if anybody knows how to do it, Scott probably does because I think he's done it before.
So I'll talk to him about it.
We'll see.
All right.
Also, now, I got... I had received the first email that you sent me before, but I've just been so wiped out and busy.
But the man that I met at the Atari party, Sal, he sent an email, and he sent me some stuff that I want to... Was that the music guy?
Yeah, I totally want to interview him.
As soon as... If I was not flat broke, I would be... I want to order one of the systems that he's got, because he's doing games for the...
and Atari 800 XL.
Working on OutRun.
Has a version of Space Harrier that's actually really sweet.
Complete with voice, by the way.
I'm very impressed.
So I'll go ahead and actually give them a plug.
It's KJ Mann's Atari Sales and Electronics.
You'll find them on eBay.
It's just K-J-M-A-N-N-S-H.
He's really cool.
And the stuff, the ports that he's worked with are just amazing.
They're amazing.
I'm very impressed.
We'll try to get him on the show.
It'll be fun.
Yeah.
We'll get him to come to this OLRCon we're suddenly planning.
OLRCon!
I wonder how much it costs to rent, like, a big hall somewhere.
Maybe we should call it OLRCon.
Just do OLRCon.
For real.
Like, just fucking do it already.
My brain just suddenly made OLRCon Asylum.
I don't know.
We'll have to think about it.
How could we do OLRCon and not have it fail miserably where we're going to spend a lot of money on it?
I don't know.
We have to think about this.
Okay, so I think it's King of Rush.
Okay.
Said, why was Rob's mom pwning all of us with that last phrase?
That must have been texted or something during the show.
Because she's my mother.
It's where I get my sense of humor from.
And Don't You Dare Talk Trash About Her Dude, Rob's mom is such a nice lady She's fun So, I got one from Robaba That's an Orange Lounge Radio Wordle
And, dude, I love, oh, I love anything that's typography.
So this is so sweet.
Oh, I saw that.
It's like the art with all the common words from our website.
Yeah.
Kind of like if it's used a lot, then it's big.
If it's not.
B for you.
Well, I think B for you, at the time he did that, was like being highlighted as like the I love that song.
You know that segment that Dark Tetsuya and Actdeft and some people do for our site?
Yeah.
I love that song.
I think B for you was like the song that was up at the moment that that happened.
I'm totally going to save the pictures.
I mean, it's generated in Flash, but I have this little fun tool to grab images off by doing just a plain old screenshot of it.
You can crop them.
I love this thing, and I'm trying to remember.
I think it's called Pixlr.
It's a plug-in for whatever the crap this program is that I'm using.
But anyway.
But yeah, it's really cool.
I like it.
And I like that he puts a comment that I suppose that word will filter out curse words.
And then the last one is...
from somebody who hasn't put a name on here.
I'm just going to say Brandon, because that's the closest thing I can find.
Dear OLR, after listening to OLR Archive episode, I have started to have a money craze, so I spent my whole allowance, $30, on tokens, and I played some Beatmania 2DX, read, cranked...
Crank211, Guitar Freaks, Drum Mania, Parapara, DDR, Pop Music, and Keyboard Mania.
It was epic fun.
Rob, we need to go to Art Vigil soon.
We can go.
I mean, it's just down the street.
I know, but I want to play.
Rob, I've got to dance.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, let's move on to the part of the show where we get a little bit of angst off our chests.
It's the FUs of the week, and they're going to start right now.
F you to the big pile of carrot cake in my fridge.
Okay, I have eaten almost nothing but carrot cake all day.
Except when I came home and ate a rib.
I ate a rib.
Oh, and some chips.
Was it a tasty rib?
It was a very tasty rib.
It was delicious.
And I think he got kosher beef, too.
I mean, anyway, it was really good.
But anyway...
I can't eat any more cake.
I can't.
I don't think that I can.
And my tummy behaved very well yesterday despite all the beer that I drank.
I think all the beer broke everything else down.
But today I'm suffering for it, so... Fuck you, gluten!
Go ahead, Loki.
F you to the KFC special sauce that they put on the KFC Double Down.
It really ruined the Double Down, and it's unfortunate because it had potential to be a great unhealthy piece of chicken that I could have eaten, but instead it was just all nasty sauce that I tasted.
Maybe next time I will have to do the pseudo-Windows 7 burger and get a 7x7 from...
Oops, Holic came in early, my bad.
I was going to say that.
F you to Holic, playing early.
Anyways, yeah, so I should do a Windows 7 pseudo-burger from In-N-Out 7x7.
I've had a 4x4 before.
They're really not as filling as you would think.
My FU of the week goes to my confidence and self-esteem because I'm starting a new job tomorrow and I'm really nervous.
It's going to be like so different for me.
They're all going to laugh at you.
Yeah, they're all going to laugh at me.
No, I know I'll do fine.
But it's just  it's weird because like guys, seriously, the day job I've had  because, okay, it was funny because when I posted  I have listeners on my Facebook and when I posted to Facebook that I was leaving my old job, people were like, oh, you get to do OLR full time now?
And I'm like, ha!
Thank you for watching!
But anyway, on a serious note, I have a day job and the day job I've had, I've had for the past like seven years.
So almost as long as OLR has been going on, which is a fucking long time, just so you know.
And I'm changing that.
I'm doing a new job starting tomorrow and it's kind of nerve wracking, but I think it'll be good.
I'm excited about what the new position is and obviously I don't like to talk a lot about my day job on the show because I don't want no presents showing up at my workplace.
Or bombs.
Yeah.
Please no.
Just no.
So anyhow, yeah, I mean, I think it's great that people send gifts, but I don't know.
It's just something weird about having my address out there.
I just like to know who you are.
It was also on my business card.
Well, our Orange Lounge Radio business card.
So you think one of our...
If someone could have gotten it, I don't know.
Who knows?
All right.
Anyhow, I'm over it.
All right.
That's it for the FU's of the week.
Couple more news stories for you guys.
Then the Skype line.
And believe it or not, our phone works again.
It was broken last week.
It works again.
877-GAME-OLR works.
Also, Orange Laundry on Skype.
Both of them will work.
But we're not taking calls yet.
We still got two more stories.
Loki.
Yes.
So let's talk a little bit about how not to do collector's editions.
That's right.
Splinter Cell Conviction.
It's a wonderful game coming out this coming week here.
And apparently they're dropping $10 off the price of the collector's edition because...
Guess what the USB drive that they included with it is faulty.
Apparently there's a possibility of faulty USB drives included with the game and so they're knocking $10 off of it to kind of compensate for that.
And apparently none of the other content has been affected but the bonus content included on the USB drive may be inaccessible in some copies.
Well that turned out to be a bummer for someone didn't it?
Yeah that is a bummer and let me tell you this much you know from a distributor reseller standpoint that's going to be a fucking bitch when I come in on Monday because we're going to have to deal with all these credits to people that we sold the game to because Ubisoft fucked up so thank you Ubisoft appreciate it and whoever manufactured those little USB cards are going to get taken to the cleaners
Yeah.
Yeah.
and really the USB cards, what they have on them here, they've got a little artwork here, is a credit card size USB drive that had making of video, concept art, renders, screenshots, storyboards, and wallpapers.
Who gives a shit?
Well, can't you format that thing now and use it as storage on your 360?
No, you cannot because I don't believe it is over a gig.
You need at least a gig to be able to use it.
Sorry.
and you really want to have 16 gigs because you only get two cards, right?
Exactly.
Seems so weird to me.
So weird to me.
Well, it's kind of a slow news week and we found this article as a popular destination on Dig and I thought, what the hell, we'll bring it up on the show.
It's from IGN and it talks about the most anticipated Xbox Live arcade games that are coming up to the service.
Just things...
Sonic the Hedgehog 4
Very anticipated Xbox Live game.
Shank.
That was being shown at PAX earlier this year.
It's not Shaft, but Shank.
And he has a steel blade.
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah, it's very bloody.
Looks like your kind of game.
Hydrophobia, which was also shown at PAX East.
It's like kind of a Tomb Raider-ish type of game.
But she's afraid of the water, so no swimming.
That makes me think of Bioshock.
Puzzle Quest 2.
Don't care.
Hey, speak for yourself.
That's why I was speaking for myself.
I don't care.
I do care, so I'm excited about that.
Might and Magic, Clash of Heroes.
Don't care.
That looks pretty good.
Yeah, it looks like it could be interesting.
The art style looks really good.
They have it on the DS.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Super Meat Boy I have a custom coffee mug that I painted Super Meat Boy on Elsa on the other side has Eduardo the Samurai Toaster That's my WiiWare coffee mug that I made
And I'm actually kidding.
It looks interesting.
Comic Jumper.
I don't know this one.
That sounds kind of fun.
Oh, the Maw and Explosion Man?
That's a good developer there.
Okay.
Comedy Shooter.
Is that supposed to be like Earthworm Jim or something?
Probably.
Similar.
Monday Night Combat.
That looks awesome.
This one had a huge presence at PAX East.
And they had an announcer guy out there on the show floor and everything.
So it seems like all of these games were just PAX East games.
So funny.
Anyhow, the phones are now open.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you'd like to call to talk about, I don't know, anticipated Xbox Live arcade games or heck anything.
I know, you know, we were out two weeks ago and then last week we had some troubles with the phones and we were only able to take a couple calls.
So I'm sure there will be plenty of people who want to get through tonight.
And that's fine.
We have a little extra time for calls.
I don't want to do the show too late tonight, but we have some time for calls.
So again, 877-GAME-OLR Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio It is now open and available for calls SHJ100Matt wants us to know He played MNC at PAX East And it was awesome Okay, phones are starting to ring Here we go Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio Who's this?
It's Ranma, looks like I got through the first time once again.
Look at you, you must have the least amount of lag or something.
Well, what's up?
Not too much, man.
A couple of things.
Now, to reference back to earlier in the episode, they did port Twilight Scenic to the Nintendo DS.
Came out about a couple of months ago.
Yeah.
I'm all for a Twilight game, provided it plays in a third-person shooter like Conker's Bad Fur Day, and I get to shoot them all up, then I'll buy that.
I was trying to call in, but, um...
on our podcast we covered this and my gaming girl who did some research on the article it seems that the company that did the game I think is Atomic Games they're backed by the CIA so I
Kinda thinking that this was all like a little setup, like a publicity stunt Well now hold on, cause didn't they say that because of what you're saying That it actually made this theft of the code a lot worse than it would be otherwise Like this kid is almost like being investigated by the FBI at this point Like I don't know, I might be throwing in some extra stuff there But like it seemed like from what we were reporting last week Like what he did wasn't just bad, it was really bad
Pretty much, but if you're going to cross-reference that in, I'm just saying, because of how this came out, and I don't know about you, but if this was a big deal, don't you think everybody at PAX would have been hearing about this?
Maybe they did.
Maybe it just happened at a time we weren't around.
I don't know.
I certainly didn't hear anything like that.
I didn't either, but at the same time, I was kind of in and out of there.
We left to eat.
I came in late a lot of days just because of the time zone thing.
I mean, I don't know.
It would be a really weird publicity stunt type of thing.
Weren't there court documents produced and everything, too?
I have no idea.
I have not heard anything about it.
There's actually court documents.
I will believe this guy actually did something stupid, you know?
But if there are no court documents, I call shenanigans.
I see where you're coming from, though, is that how could someone be so colossally stupid?
It just seems so fake.
Some people are that stupid, Ranma.
It's sad but true.
I know.
I used to work with people like that.
Pretty much.
Very interesting.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, my friend?
That's pretty much it.
That's all.
Actdeft in our chat wants to say, Matt posted the court files earlier.
He's probably digging up the links again right now, so stay tuned to our chat room.
Yeah, I'll definitely be following that.
All right.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
All right, bye-bye.
Let's go back to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Ray Iannami.
Hey, Ray Iannami.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I came out from SakuraCon last week, my first SakuraCon.
You went all the way up to Seattle to go to SakuraCon?
Yes, I went with some friends.
Didn't have, like, some friends up there, among other things.
Well, I don't know, you don't sound too happy.
Was it a good time, or what happened?
Oh, sorry, I'm just tired.
Plus, it's been a week, so... Anyway, SakuraCon's pretty cool, I guess.
Um...
I got to play quite a bit of games there like Tetris the Grandmaster 3 and some other crap.
I saw him hosting the anime match game panel but
No, that was my first time.
I was surprised at how big it was.
I could practically compare it to a shopping mall.
Especially since part of it is like a shopping mall.
Yeah, it's kind of integrated right into the downtown scene there, isn't it?
Well, tell us a little more about the gaming they had there.
Did they have, like, a big room?
Were they doing tournaments?
What was kind of going on with gaming?
Well, they had an arcade, but it wasn't too big.
It was, like, mostly DDR, Indie Groove.
They had a Pumped Up Pro 2 location test.
They had Initial D4, Guitar for Kings, Run Mania, and Patrick's Teach, M3, and myself already.
I would have played Pumped Up...
I was wearing costumes that involved dress shoes, and dress shoes and arrows popping games don't seem like a good idea.
I was cosplaying as Shell from Poppin' Music, the librarian guy, and Apollo Justice.
I was cosplaying as one character.
Cosmos is one character from Touhou, but I didn't have my costume prepared.
And sticking to the Touhou panel, there was one thing that I didn't like about it, and that was them trying to demonstrate the Touhou games.
They tried to demonstrate it by showing one of the game's later stages on lunatic difficulty, which is basically a difficulty level of a part, and as a small fan, it kind of pissed me off.
Because maybe they made the game look way harder than it really is?
Yeah, pretty much.
I mean, I'm pretty sure a lot of the people who weren't really into Danmaku games were just confused what the hell was going on.
I mean, if I was running, if I was, if I had a partner running the panel, I would have, like, alongside the Infamous stuff, I would also show, like, demonstration using easier stages and difficulty.
So now, like, something that requires effort to get through, but, like, it's still pretty watchable.
That way, people who are new to the series...
can have a grasp of what it's like to play the games instead of just being, oh, wow, pretty bullet, too bad I can't dodge any of that shit.
Yeah, it's... I gotta say, though, a lot of those shmups are so hard to me, but, you know, it takes talent.
To be good at them, though, takes talent.
That's for sure.
I mean, whenever I try to show people games, I don't go straight to, like, Horizon if it's a fighting game or
Showing them level 43 songs on Poppin'.
I try to show them easier stuff, something they can actually understand.
A few months ago, I was at an arcade with a friend of mine, and she went through to Poppin', so I demonstrated Poppin' to her using easier songs, even if it meant songs that I didn't find to be as fun as songs I usually play.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, the really low-end songs And that kind of goes with video games in general Like, if you don't want to scare someone off Like, you know they wouldn't like a shooter game Don't show them Halo or Gears of War Show them a video game that might be more their tastes You know, like, whether that be something like 1 versus 100 You know, might be a really good enabler for people to see that there's more to video games than that Or, you know, something on the Wii, I don't know
It is interesting.
I think sometimes people really scare people off from video games without realizing it because they go right for the hard stuff.
And a lot of people do get intimidated.
Yeah, there are IRC channels and forums I hang out at where people are not too good at video games, so I kind of get how they feel about not being able to get past the first season for some up on, even on easy difficulty.
Hmm.
Alright, well, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls, but, so, SakuraCon, do you think you'd try to go back next year?
Possibly if my spring break is around SakuraCon again, because that would be one big deciding factor in me going.
Last year it didn't line up with my spring break, so I didn't go.
So if the timing's right, it just might be in the cards.
Alright, well, we gotta let you go to get more calls, but take care, Ray, okay?
You too Alright, later Alright, I'll take a couple more calls here 877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio Take a few more calls here before we call it a night at OLR Studios Some last minute stories tonight we'll have in just a moment But first, another call Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, yeah, this is Spazinator Hey, Spazinator, you're cutting in and out a little bit But we'll try to move ahead What's on your mind, buddy?
Sorry about that, I'm on the cell phone and unfortunately some stuff in my building interferes with the signal.
That's okay.
But anyway, I tried calling in last week to give you an update as to my PlayStation 3 situation.
Oh yeah, it's been a little while since we heard about that.
Yeah, we had our phone issues last week.
Well, what's the latest and greatest?
To make this short and sweet...
I'll probably gloss over the details, but the general points are that I got my PS3 back on the 30th, and a few days later they started putting my videos back onto my download queue, because the video store works differently than the game side of the store.
Anyway, it took a while for everything to show up because they had to do everything manually and reauthorize everything.
I get like over 700 videos, but needless to say, I got all my videos back, so I don't have to worry about that now.
Wow, 700 videos.
Oh my gosh.
Okay.
Yeah, well, not all those videos are paid for.
Some of those are...
No, like the freebies they gave out is like promotions to get you to buy the rest of the series, you know, whatever that series may be.
But needless to say, I got my reels back, and hopefully nothing goes wrong with the reel service in the future, but I'll just have to keep my fingers crossed on that, so...
Um, I'm sorry, Jamie.
This time around, not to the same extent.
Although I did keep what you and DarkSakura talked about.
Thank you for watching.
But in subsequent calls, speaking to other reps, just prior to me sending the machine in, they said, yeah, once you send the machine in and they send it back to me, they'll go through everything and reauthorize everything to download.
You know, I just have to interject here because as someone who has worked very closely with call centers in their day job, to me, that's a huge issue that you called in two times and got two different answers.
And for anybody, you know, Sony's a big company and who knows, we might have somebody at Sony who happens to listen to this program.
To me, that's a big issue.
You should not call a call center, speak to two different people and get two different answers.
I agree with that.
I actually did customer service for a very long time and I did... Well, at the time the department was called Service Quality where we... If they had a question, they could call us and ask us and we would tell them and make sure you repeat this.
But yeah...
Everyone is supposed to be on the same page.
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad Spazinator got what he wanted.
He just should have gotten it the first time.
If we can learn anything from this phone call, if you are at Sony, there's some edumacation to be done amongst your reps.
This is also a prime example why every time you talk to someone in a call center, you write down their name, you write down the date and the time that you spoke with them, and you keep a track of what you talked about.
They have to keep notes too.
Anyway, I know Spaz... I'm sorry.
No, that's okay.
No, it's important.
But Spazinator's dying to jump in here again.
Sorry, Spaz.
Yeah, I was going to say, granted, I never worked at a call center before.
The closest thing to that is working at a grocery store at the front desk.
But I basically talked about the initial response I got to, like, pre-apps.
I don't want to interrupt that.
I usually spoke to...
having an off day, you know, every deal with, you know, asshole customers, you know, they weren't quite as friendly as I was, or maybe possibly, you know, the rep possibly having some kind of bad information or getting your information mixed up somehow.
But ultimately, regardless of, you know, what the case may be, you know, ultimately I got my stuff back, which is the key thing there, so
You know, if, God forbid, I kept getting the same, you know, response time and time again, then I would have, you know, escalated the call to a supervisor like you three had suggested the first time this kind of thing happened.
Luckily, it didn't come to that, but, you know, God forbid it.
No, I was just going to say yay Sony for getting it right, but it is a bummer that it did take you a little bit of a run around to do it, but they made it right and we should recognize that at least it wasn't the doom and gloom we thought it was going to be.
But Spazinator, I've got to wrap up because we've got to see if we can fit in one or two more calls, but do you have anything else or a footnote to this or anything else you want to share with the listeners?
You know, nothing comes to mind, but I'll keep you guys posted on Twitter if there's anything that comes up or if I think anything early during the week.
All right.
Sounds good, buddy.
Alright, good luck with everything.
Take care, buddy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm kind of torn because like, you know, I've bought things online.
I've done the digital distribution thing, but I've kind of taken a lot of that for granted.
Maybe.
All right.
Just buy TV episodes sometimes online.
Like if I'm behind on Supernatural.
That's why I like Netflix because Netflix, you know, you're not really buying anything.
You just kind of rent it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's do at least one more call here and then we're going to be on our way out.
Hey, you're on Orange Haunts Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, Actdeft Hey, Actdeft, I'm glad to see you weren't shaken too bad by the earthquake that happened last week, right before the show Yeah, we were shaken, but not stirred Not stirred, alright, well said What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I just wanted to add about the Twitter topic I sent earlier about the Mexican game being developed and brought over by Konami.
I just wanted to add that it's being distributed here in Mexico but it's being distributed by another company.
Okay, well that's good to know, because I think earlier I had said, oh ha ha, it's not coming out of Mexico, even though it's a Mexican game, but that's just, Konami's not putting it out there, someone else is.
Okay, that makes sense.
Yeah, it's actually made by Colombian and Mexican developers.
It's being published, I think, by... Well, developed by... Sorry.
The main development is being held here in Mexico, though Colombia is helping also over their studios.
I don't remember the name of the development company, but it's just starting right now to develop games, and I really hope that
This game at least develops or brings a market over Mexico because it's a very small market and it's starting right now.
I was going to say, I can't say, and maybe you can correct me here, but I can't say I can think of any big games or even medium-sized games that we can say this game was developed in Mexico by a Mexican developer.
Company or Columbia or any of these other places.
This seems to be like the first game we're really at least that I'm aware of that is developed like that.
Yeah, there's not really a market for Xbox 360 or PS3 games, maybe even Wii games that are developed at least this large.
There may be cell phone games that are being developed here and are made by companies like Gameloft and other companies, but made for a console, it's pretty much the first.
Do you see PS2 development?
Because my thought would be that a lot of these countries that they're not really being supported with the 360 and PS3, it seems that maybe the PS2 is still big there.
Actually, the PS2 isn't that big right now.
It's maybe the PS3 or the 360 maybe.
Okay, okay.
Maybe on other places like Brazil, and especially because of their import and taxes over there, the PS2 is starting to gain momentum there.
But here...
Even though the games, and I have talked about this before, the games are pretty expensive, but at least we're on the same market as America.
You mentioned Brazil, and the first thing I thought of is, I thought the Master System was still big in Brazil.
Yeah, it's still big.
It's like, whoa.
Well, they also have the re-releases.
Didn't we have a story about the Genesis repackaging that was coming out in Brazil?
There's some interesting things going on with old school games in Latin America.
Yeah, if I recall correctly, it's called the Bebo.
Oh, that's right.
It was brought over here in Mexico, though it wasn't as big as in Brazil.
Interesting.
I totally love Mexican wrestling I totally love Mexican wrestling
All right, well, we'll see.
We'll hope it does well.
At least, if nothing else, help the development market down there and get some more games out of there of some ideas.
Anything else you want to share with the listeners real quick tonight, Actdeft?
Well, only that we're okay over here in Mexicali.
Even though it was a pretty big quake, there was only pretty much...
The structural damages, there were only two lives lost and only a couple hundred of injuries, but other than that, we're pretty fine over here, though there are people that are needed of services and maybe camping tents and all that stuff, but
Other than that, we're pretty good.
Hopefully, at least here in America, the folks want to donate to the relief efforts.
I'm sure the Red Cross has something set up.
They always do for the cases like this, so definitely folks should look into that.
I'm glad to hear that for the most part, everything's okay.
It's sad that even one life was lost, but it sounds like it could have been a lot worse based on how bad the quake itself was.
So I'm glad to hear that at least you and everyone you care about are okay.
All right.
Well, Actdeft, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But thanks so much for the call, okay?
Thank you.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Alright, that's going to do it for tonight's calls.
And sorry for those folks that didn't get through.
It was ringing pretty good tonight because we actually had a lot of people that were trying to get in tonight because of last week.
But yeah, we got to wrap it up, you guys.
I'm starting a new job tomorrow.
I can't be here all night.
DarkSakura wants to go to bed eventually.
Matt might want to go back to KFC and ask for a double down with no sauce.
We'll see.
I'm kind of hungry because I didn't eat anything.
I offered to make ribs.
You can have cake.
I don't need ribs.
I'm going to have healthy special case cereal when I go home.
All right.
Anyhow, we got to wrap up, you guys, and get on out of here so we can... Ooh, our baked potato.
I'm going to have baked potato.
It's good.
It's good.
All right.
We got a... Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
We have a stream down error.
Winamp has crashed.
God damn it.
All right.
That's okay.
We're going to just keep going here.
At least it's at the end of the show.
Yeah, at least it's at the end of the show.
Hold on, guys.
Dang it.
Poopy!
Alright, we're still recording for podcast, so can someone fill a little time here while I get us recorded?
I'm actually trying to find something to send you for Cage Match.
Okay, that's fine.
I have the same problem, but then I found something.
Well, I was gonna... Who was the winning song last time?
I don't even remember.
That would be, I think you, Rob.
You were... Was I with the Goldfrapp song?
It wasn't me.
Yeah, you were with the Goldfrapp song.
Okay, that's fine.
So I was gonna do like a throwaway.
Okay, there we go.
So we're still going.
Now we're back up and it's streaming on all games again.
I don't know what happened.
So, okay.
Now we can actually wrap up the show.
Winamp froze, you guys.
I don't know why it does that.
It's irritating.
Because it's Winamp.
I guess.
I mean, it might need to upgrade the version or something.
They always bug me with that.
You need to upgrade your version.
We'll have to run some tests before the next show.
I don't know.
But that's weird because just closing Skype shouldn't bork Winamp like that.
I don't know what happened.
All right, well, it is what it is.
Anyhow, we're still going to wrap up and be on out of here for the night.
Thanks so much for our Skype callers.
Thank you guys for listening to our show and supporting our independent radio.
I've got to get last-minute stories, though, before I give my whole spiel here.
It looks like Matt has a million tabs open on Firefox over there.
Yes, I do.
It's a million instances of the unicorn game.
DarkSakura, do you have any last-minute stories real quick before we go?
I just want to check.
All right, Loki then.
Okay, so Dark Void Zero, that wonderful 2D version of, or 8-bit 2D version of the game Dark Zero that hit the DSiWare is now going to be hitting the iPhone and PC actually tomorrow.
So that's pretty awesome.
And it'll cost you $2.99 on the iPhone, $5 on PC.
So that's not bad.
I actually may purchase that for my arcade cabinet.
I think that would fit in just nicely.
and a game that I was playing earlier this week.
I always have trouble pronouncing this.
Escaluda 2 will be hitting the iPhone as well.
Also, actually it should have already hit the iPhone because that would have been on the 10th.
That's awesome.
My friend linked a Japanese video of that in and I was actually already looking for it but I don't know that
I don't know how well I controlled it on the iPhone.
It looked pretty responsive on that video.
So I'm totally thinking about getting it.
Very cool.
Let's see here.
And then there's some interesting tie-ins apparently with Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker.
They're going to have two different games tied in with it.
First one, Monster Hunter is actually going to be tied in with it as well.
Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G is
I guess there's going to be content from that game that's going to be able to work with Peace Walker, which is weird.
Apparently the little cat-like characters, the felines that appear in the Monster Hunter series are going to appear in the Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker game as well.
So that's interesting.
and then another weird one that's a crossover apparently you will also be able to link up Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker with Front Mission Evolved on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 players will be able to exchange parts acquired from Peace Walker bosses in Front Mission Evolved
How the hell does that work?
But that's interesting.
And you can use them for your mechs that you build in that game.
Talk about cross-company promotions there.
That's kind of neat, actually.
I actually want to check out that new Peace Walker game.
Or Front Mission.
And then, Professor Layton is actually coming over here.
It's getting a western release.
The movie, that is.
Developed by Level 5.
And...
Dead or Alive Paradise
People have found a way to swap out the textures in the game and now we get wonderful nipple-less naked women.
I'm sure it wasn't very hard with a Dead or Alive game.
So yeah, that game is five bucks on iTunes and I'm buying it right now.
Espagaluda?
Yeah.
Fun.
Yes.
Good luck controlling it on the iPhone.
Just not my favorite gaming platform.
And then finally, there was a patent filed for Rumble in a DS.
I'm assuming it's going to be in the 3DS.
Oh, I'm sure.
Yeah, I think there's been rumblings of Rumble for quite some time.
Yeah.
And hopefully dual analog sticks would be nice.
It would be great.
Because everybody likes dual analog sticks.
Not going to hold my breath, though.
I got a couple things thrown at me here in chat.
SSJ100Matt reminded me that I don't think we ever mentioned the winner of USL Madness or the March Madness, if you will, that happens on Orange Launch Radio.
I think we were off the week it ended and then, of course, last week's show was just off.
Chrono Trigger won for the first time.
It was declared the greatest game of all time.
Timed.
I thoroughly disagree with your votes, but whatever.
I mean, it's not like Chrono Trigger's a bad game, but I guess it was destined to win one of these years.
I've just decided in these contests, people just vote the way I don't vote.
And I don't know if it's a ha-ha, let's make Rob mad or whatever, but whatever.
I can think of a lot of games, a lot of games worse than Chrono Trigger.
So, yay Chrono Trigger and yay everybody that participated and boo and poop on those that didn't.
And also, as TychoClaw points out, Microsoft has changed the increments of which you have to purchase Microsoft Points to more manageable numbers instead of some weird rounded off numbers.
It's actually 400 and 800 and 1,600 and 4,000.
Is it really?
Yes.
I'd heard that they were doing that.
So they got rid of 500, 1,000, all that all together?
Yeah, yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
one of the things they're trying to do to I guess you could say either compete with Netflix or Gamefly or both they are doing their games by mail service it's going to cost an extra $7.99 plus tax on top of the standard I guess you could say monthly fees you'll be able to rent one game at a time and that's the total number of discs that you're allowed to have out on the plan so there you go if you don't check any games out during the one month period though you're not charged the money
Kind of interesting how that all works.
It's currently being tested in Cleveland, Ohio.
Because Cleveland rocks.
Cleveland rocks, Ohio.
I'm thinking actually, you say that, I think of Howard the Duck.
You live in Cleveland.
Drew Carey Show.
I don't watch that.
It was like 10 years ago.
I didn't watch that.
They even had a Rocky Horror themed episode.
I did see that.
I'll see.
Wait, then how did you not watch the show yet see that episode?
I saw the clip on YouTube.
Yeah, YouTube.
YouTube, it ruins everything.
All right.
Anyhow, I think we're done.
Is that it?
Do you know what your story is, Loki?
Yeah, all the ones I wanted to do.
Some guy beat some Asteroids record too.
Hey now, don't haze Tigerclaw in chat.
This isn't the Tigerclaw link show.
He does a good job.
Actdeft says Tigerclaw more efficient than Google.
Seriously.
And DanMufrogerReturns is apparently hopping up on DSiWare as well.
Cannot die.
I cannot die.
This is why I like doing a show with a live chat room because when I don't know the answer instead of sitting here looking like an idiot or making something up, I mean, I still look like an idiot, but I'll just go, hey, chat, what was the answer to that?
Somebody always knows.
And if it involves a link, Tiger Claw has it in five seconds.
If not, SSJ100 Matt.
It's like a little friendly competition.
We should have a total board.
or something.
Alright, anyhow.
Of course, thank you guys so much.
All the chatters that help make the show happen.
You guys really are the fourth guest on the show, always.
And of course, you guys for listening.
I know we have a lot of people on the podcast who just can't be here for whatever reason Sunday night.
So thank you guys so much for downloading our show and tuning in and supporting Independent Radio.
You guys are awesome and thanks so much.
You know, all we say, if you enjoy the show, just tell somebody you know about the show or leave a nice review on iTunes or some other podcast site.
Cake!
Loki, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
I'm hoping to finish Final Fantasy XIII soon, although I have a feeling I'm not going to be able to because I have to get all the achievements.
And I have lots of games to start playing.
My final thought is the website ffxivcore.com is making me foam at the mouth.
That's really what it boils down to.
Anyhow, thank you guys again.
Have a great week.
We will be back next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio to do this all over again.
New stories and all that other stuff.
But the same old crap that you've come to love week to week.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm PT.
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
