Tonight, April 4th, 2010, a theft occurs at PAX East, Linux gets taken away on the PS3,
and Nintendo puts the snack down on the end of the whole fans were waiting for.
Hello my friends, and welcome to episode number 361 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game
talk show where every gamer has a voice, except the host.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my lovely
co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Uh...
I know, right?
We'll get into that later.
It's not a good night.
Seriously, we should just phone tonight's episode in.
I don't...
What the hell are we doing?
We should just, like, throw the show roll in the toilet and just do whatever.
If this is the first show you've ever listened to of Orange Lounge Radio, please go back
in the iTunes archives and select another, because it's just gonna be one of those nights
that I can already tell.
This...
We had the fuck show already.
This is the fuck it show.
Not here tonight.
Sometimes that's some of our best work, though, so we'll see what happens.
Not here tonight.
Tagmaster Loki, sadly, is not here.
I think he's got a holiday dinner thing going on, which is strange because the wife is Jewish,
but whatever.
There's a dinner in the...
But it may be his family.
No, I know.
It is.
I'm pretty sure it is his family.
So, you know.
And he...
The man deserves a night off once in a while.
I wonder if Nellie's observing Passover.
I have no idea.
If...
Well, no, she can't be, because...
Yeah, never mind.
Well, anyhow.
Uh, and one thing I should say about Loki, you know, I'm sure he wanted to tell you all
this on the show, but he posted it on Twitter.
And when I say...
You post it on Twitter?
CNN can report on it, so therefore it's fair game, right?
Nellie is pregnant again.
So congratulations to Loki.
The pictures were kind of scary, because I could see bones.
That's what babies look like when they're in the...
And they're growing inside of you.
And just so you guys know, not only is Nellie pregnant, she's, what, about 20 weeks?
I mean, they waited, I mean, understandably, if you don't know what happened before...
They waited until it was a viable pregnancy.
Yes.
They wanted to wait this time to say anything.
So she's about 20 weeks along at this point.
I think they already know it's a boy, and just, it's one this time, it's not 20.
I saw the pee-pee.
So, what's that?
They pointed to the pee-pee on the ultrasound.
Did they?
Oh, okay, yeah.
And the hand in the hand.
Nellie would do that.
That's a very Nellie thing to do.
Well, no, they usually do that.
The doctors will...
Look at my kid's penis!
Woo!
The doctors will, like, usually point stuff out on the ultrasound.
Okay.
All right.
I'm gonna make you some dinner.
No, but in all seriousness...
Like a good woman should.
Bite my ass.
Oh, I just did that.
Actually, if you want something more disgusting, bite my sinus cavity.
All right.
So great.
I get to monologue with the listeners for a little while.
This should be fun.
No, I'll do my gaming week.
I can hear you from the other room, Rob.
I know you can.
And you'll hear...
We'll be good.
I'll talk to the chatters tonight.
I'll talk to the chatters.
Hi, chatters.
So, yes, Loki is, chat.orangehonstrader.com, by the way, if you want to join our chat room.
There's no Loki here tonight because he's having a nice family dinner, and obviously
they have reasons to celebrate, so good for them.
He'll be back next week.
So it's just, right now, it's just you and me, folks.
You and the guys in the chat room, chat.orangehontrader.com, and we'll be opening up the Skype line a
little later on.
Now, here's the other part that's, I guess, just hilarious of what's going on right now,
is that I am sick.
You can probably tell my voice sounds a little bit out of it.
And Dark Sakura, you can hear her blowing her nose like in China.
Like, go download Bobby's show from this week.
It sounded like an earthquake going on back there.
So dark as she's screaming at me from the kitchen.
So dark, it's like, this is like the Dark Sakura and Sky are married edition.
What is going on here?
You're yelling at me from the kitchen.
You're cooking me dinner.
This is the- Rob is officially my gay husband.
This is definitely an April Fool's edition.
Rob is my complimentary spouse.
Fist bump.
You just fist bumped me.
Rob is, Rob can be my complimentary spouse at Sam's Club.
Can I talk about fist bumping for a minute?
Okay, PAX East.
Ain't no one want to shake my hand at PAX East for whatever reason.
Now, there's a couple of people.
But I noticed the big thing to do is fist bumping.
Like that's how people say hello now is they fist bump.
And like, surely that's a sign I'm getting old is that I don't want to fist bump.
Like back in my day, we shake hands.
Like I'm not going to- But not when you're sick.
Well, A, I wasn't sick during the con and B, I already had swine flu in October.
So I'm not going to have it again.
I did too.
Oops.
I'm not cooking dinner.
I'll let everyone know what Rob is having.
It's the same thing I'm having.
It's an Ezekiel 4-9 tortilla, so there's no gluten and no yeast in it.
With some garlic hummus.
All this healthy crap.
Baby spinach.
Fresh baby spinach.
The wife's making me eat healthy tonight.
And yogurt cheese.
Because I will say more about this later.
Everyone knows I have digestion problems.
I think I figured out what's causing it.
All right.
That's right.
And Rob in the chat room says, I got it from the bean bag and shook your hand.
That's true.
No, it was just some people were fist bumping.
Like I don't- I met a blogger who blogs for a site that's commercial and they get paid
for it.
And if I told you the site, you'd all know what it is.
And she wanted to fist bump.
And I was like, oh, okay, is that how we do it back East?
But she was actually from California.
So I didn't, I didn't get it, but I guess maybe it was a virus thing.
I don't know.
I guess.
It was just weird.
It was weird.
All right.
I wasn't used to that whole fist bump thing.
I thought that's what like bros did when they were drunk.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow.
Uh, where the hell was I?
I was sick.
Dark soccer is sick.
We're all sick.
Loki's out.
Nellie's pregnant.
There's earthquakes going on in California right now and somewhere there will be video
games involved too.
No, seriously.
There's, there were earthquakes.
There were two of them in California today.
There was a, an earthquake in Baja, Mexico that apparently was felt San Diego, LA, like
all the way to Phoenix.
So just the whole Southwest is shaken.
But thank God it sounds like not a lot of people are hurt.
We heard from the resident Mexican actdeft on the Twitter again, I'm getting my news
from Twitter.
What's the world coming to actdeft apparently is okay.
So I know if he's okay, then it can't be too terrible.
So hopefully everybody is okay.
I know they build a lot of the structures down there to, I mean, it's LA we're talking
about.
So there's a lot of structural integrity down there.
So hopefully everybody's okay.
What I didn't know at the same time, apparently nine minutes later, an aftershock of some
sort hits in NorCal.
Now I'm on the road and I don't know if you know this, but if you're sitting in a car,
you can't feel an earthquake while you're driving.
So if an earthquake happened, I didn't feel it, but it was also only like a 4.1 earthquake
anyway.
So, you know, and you can't even feel it if it's like 3.5.
So I wouldn't have, you know, I wouldn't have really felt it anyway, but the scary part
is I was sitting on the Bay Bridge right when these earthquakes were happening.
And I know this because my sister who is in Long Beach texted me and said, earthquake
lol.
So, thank gosh, I didn't like fall off the bridge if that earthquake had been too much
stronger.
So there you go.
All right.
Some folks in our chat room are chatting about the earthquake.
Fernando, can you hear the drums Fernando?
And our chat room says, I felt the earthquake in San Diego, it was fun, meow.
Amesatsuma says, the earthquake turned my bed into a water bed.
Ray Ananami says, I was sitting, I didn't feel anything.
Well, it was only a 4.1, you may not have felt anything.
Okay, apparently, it's the earthquake show.
It's the freaky crap show tonight.
I don't know what the hell's going on tonight.
We're just like avoiding the topic of games.
All right, we can talk about games.
Let's get into the show.
Let's start it off as we always do with a little bit of how was your gaming week.
And this is dark Sakura is still in the kitchen, but she's bringing ooh, yay, vitamin water.
Thank you.
Now my, when my throat is parched, I will be able to quench it.
Here we go.
So my gaming week, I went to PAX East and hopefully you heard the lovely show that we
did last week.
It's only aired live so far.
It did not because I've been sick.
I didn't get the MP3 posted.
So I apologize.
That'll be posted to OrangeLawnTreaty.com and some of our like Facebook and all that
stuff later this week.
But if you didn't hear the pack show, it was a lot of fun.
Quite a few listeners, uh, met up with me there and it was really just cool to meet
everybody and you see some of the, no, it wasn't, it wasn't that silly, but you know,
we had a good time.
We had a good discussion.
It was fun.
Um, you were a miss dark Sakura as was Loki.
It was a bummer.
You guys couldn't make it show itself.
I don't know if I really actually ended up playing a lot of video games because I didn't
want to wait in line for an hour.
I will say what video games I did play classic gaming arcade, that big famous arcade they
have out there in the east coast fun, fun spot.
That's it.
Fun spot brought some of their arcade machines two packs east.
So I played donkey Kong three.
Heck yeah.
I played that.
I took some pictures of pinball tables for dark Sakura on her Twitter and I played the
Buck Rogers arcade machine that was actually one of the sit down cabinet and that machine
kicked my ass.
So I played some classic games, but as far as, um, uh, being able to take like, uh, I
wasn't going to sit in an hour long line to play red dead redemption.
And I did, it wasn't that excited about crack down to like, I just looked over someone's
shoulder and I'm, I kind of got a feel for it.
Like I didn't like have to play it myself.
I was okay.
So, you know, but I jump in the sequel, it was, it looked like I like jumping with rockets.
Just people blast each other with rockets.
But you know, I had a good time.
I did get dark Sakura present, but unfortunately I neglected to bring it tonight.
But um, it involves a certain card game that people were playing everywhere up and down
the halls in the tabletop area.
And I know it's one of the dark soccer is a fan of magic.
I'm not telling, I'm not telling judgment, lol.
I wish I would've been fun, but I, I had a, I had a, um, I had a good time at packs except
for the omega thon.
Can we talk about the omega thon?
Cause that happened after the pack show.
I'm already starting to get sick Sunday and my friends that I traveled with, my dear friends
say and Amanda, they wanted to wait in line for the omega thon, which I'm like, okay,
I've never watched a final round of megathons.
I'm cool.
I'm like, okay, let's, let's do it.
Let's sit in line.
Let's wait for the final round of megathon.
Let's watch the closing ceremony, see what happens.
So final round of the omega thon supposed to start at five o'clock, right?
Five 30 I noticed we're still sitting in line outside and we are cramped.
We are herded like cattle.
If there was a fire, we would have died.
We would all died.
I mean, it's just, we are in there like so tightly packed and apparently they, they posted
to their Twitter, Oh, we're having problems with the final omega thon game, LOL.
And I'm just sitting there thinking, open the goddamn theater and test behind the curtain.
Let us in.
I'm old and my bones can't take this standing around anymore.
So finally like five 45 they let us in.
We get in there, sit down, wait for things to start, which finally start around six and
then they're like, it's the omega thon.
And you know, and of course it's always this big mystery.
What's the last omega thon thing going to be?
What's the game going to be?
Oh my gosh.
Well, this, this year was a team theme.
The whole omega thon all the way from start to finish was played in teams like little
teams.
They did the whole way from start to finish.
And so it made sense that the last omega thon game was going to be a series of games.
It was a relay race.
So the first game, super Mario brothers collect 50 coins.
Second game, rad racer, get 1500 points.
Third game, Tetris, get 10 lines.
At this point, I'm thinking to myself, I'm watching the Nintendo world championships
about 20 years late.
Actually that sounds like almost the exact order of a Nintendo world championship cartridge.
It was, it was, it was for real fun.
It might've been like some variation in the coin numbers and the lines, but essentially
it was the fricking, um, uh, Nintendo world championships.
But the fourth game they had said would be a co-op game and Ooh, ah, what does it end
up being?
It's Contra.
That's right, eight bit Contra was the final game and they had to play all the way to kill
the first boss, which apparently now when I say kill the first boss in Contra, what
does that mean to you?
How far would you have to play in the game to kill the first boss in Contra?
To the, through the little tunnel part and through to the like the, the very end.
It wasn't the, the little dinky guy sitting in front of the gate at the first stage.
No, see, I took it to mean that I took it to mean stage one, the end of that's the first
boss is the end of stage one, right?
No, but it was all the way to the big orb thing that goes back and forth.
That's really at the end of like stage two.
So that's how far they had to play.
Well, yippy, skippy, without cussing.
No, they could cuss all they wanted.
Good.
Cause that game makes me cuss from the very beginning.
But I guess they'd put the Konami code in so that it wouldn't be that hard.
Well, and then here's the thing, the fucking competition broke twice.
Like they started, the whole thing started with Mario brothers and the second player
side like wouldn't answer.
So they said they had to restart and then they got all the way to Contra and the thing
froze or something and they had to restart the entire competition.
And you know what really sucks?
The team that was ahead the first time lost, wah, wah, wah.
So yeah.
And then they were like, thanks for coming to watch the megathon, PAX East was awesome.
It was more awesome than PAX prime.
See you next year, bitches.
And that was it.
And I'm sitting like, I stood in an hour and like 30 minute line for that, which I could
have read about on the internet in five minutes.
That's stinky.
It was very unfortunate.
I hear past omega-thons have been much better.
That was a very unfortunate low light of PAX.
So there you go.
Anyhow, that was part of my gaming week was PAX.
Otherwise actual games I've been playing during the week, uh, game room, I've been playing
quite a bit of.
Bobby and I have been having a little spar in Yars revenge.
It's like an unsaid competition, but I swear I've played Yars revenge more than any other
game this week.
Game room.
There's a lot I really like about it.
I really, really like that when you do challenges, it saves replays of your friends and that
you can issue challenges and have leaderboards and have these stupid little animations that
your characters do when you win challenges.
And I like that you have the medals that you earn and so forth.
And you know, that despite the fact that tokens don't really get you anything but bonus demo
plays, it's still kind of cool that there's that incentive.
But there's a lot that I don't like about game room too.
And one of them is that the servers never work, which is ridiculous when you're trying
to like get a high score saved or something.
You might have to be hitting the button over and over and sometimes I've, I've lost scores
because the servers literally go up and down and up and down and up and down.
Like it is just atrocious.
So I don't know what is going on with game room, but there's a good game room in there
somewhere.
It's just, you know, they've got a lot of kinks to work out.
Honestly, my, my gut tells me as much as I, there's a lot I do like about game room, they
shouldn't have released it when they did.
They should have waited until things were more stable.
Maybe they had no idea how popular it was going to be.
I don't know, but I think they should have waited until like June.
By the way, pro tip, I find I do better when I play on games for Windows with an Xbox Live
controller or with an Xbox 360 controller than I do on regular Xbox.
And I think part of the reason is that you're sitting right there in front of the monitor,
just like an old school arcade cabinet.
You're not sitting several feet away from your TV.
And I think it does help the precision, especially on a lot of those old games, especially on
things like asteroid deluxe where your bullets are like tiny, tiny, it kind of helps to be
sitting right in front of the monitor as much as my mother would hate that.
So there you go.
Spyro in our chat room says game room is free.
That is true.
The game room engine itself is free and you can get like a good, like, I don't know, like
50 gamers score just for downloading it and putting up decorations in your room.
But you will have to pay at least like $3 to enjoy a game or $5 if you want them to
be multi-platform, which is how I've been buying all my games.
But I do go back and forth between Windows and 360.
And some people might say $5, Rob, you're crazy.
But well, I mean, I paid $5 for Frogger and Joust on the 360 when it first came out.
And I've honestly played Yars' Revenge more than any other game this week.
But I did play some other stuff.
On the plane, I played a Final Fantasy Tactics A2 on the DS.
I borrowed that game.
It's cool.
It's awesome.
Like the way that was set up.
Didn't realize it was part of the Final Fantasy XII canon, but that was kind of nice to play
that.
Had a little bit of fun with that.
And honestly, that's, besides Warcraft and some of the other just little things here
and there, that's really about it for my gaming week.
DarkSakra, oh she who keeps blowing her nose and sinuses over there, how is your gaming
week going?
I just played some Star Trek Online.
I've been taking advantage of my spring break to not be at my computer or not be in front
of a TV.
I just tried to rest a lot, you know, because I've been so busy with everything and then
I was gonna actually make a good start on Final Fantasy II today.
And then the allergy monster smacked me in the face, so basically every time I haven't
been working on something here, I've been asleep.
So I've been playing Dream.
I've been playing Benadryl the game.
It's where you take Benadryl and see if it'll either make you high or pass out.
In my case it was pass out and that's what's happening again because I took another Benadryl.
Great, so you took drugs that are gonna make you drowsy during the show.
I took drugs so that I could breathe and then Dan gave me a Vix inhaler thing and I love
those things.
It's a tube you stick up your nose and snort.
It looks like a tampon applicator, honestly, from where I'm sitting.
It looks like a tampon.
It does.
It looks like you're shoving a tampon in your nose and pushing a button.
That's disgusting.
Don't do that.
I just stuck it in my nose.
Thank God it's radio.
This is where all of you in chat are very thankful.
I have a camera, Rob.
All right, anyhow, where else was I with this, talking about webcams and all that stuff?
Oh, I did want to say this about Rocky last night as I went to Rocky and, well, A, Alan
was playing a crap ton of Peggle which I thought was cute because it made me think of you.
That's one time I thought of you last night and then the other time, are you gonna put
that on the OLR blog, I dare you.
Dark Soccer never likes pictures of herself to get up on the internet and I dare her to
put the tampon in her nose on the internet.
I have a reason to look like shit.
Are you putting that on the internet?
Why not?
Oh, I'm happy.
All right.
Dark Soccer with a tampon in her nose.
Yes, as Mae Satsuma in chat says, it's nosepon.
It's going up on the internet right now, orangehontrader.com.
Click refresh a million times.
I then also thought of you because I was playing the criminologist last night at Rocky and
I was going through the bag and there's two wigs in there, one gray and one black.
And when I pulled out the black wig, I went, this looks like a Tribble.
And I was like, oh, that makes me think of my friend Jamie because she plays Star Trek
online and she always tells the story about the Tribbles.
Did you know you can get the Tribbles in your inventory and they multiply?
They only multiply if you have food because they eat your food.
I'm sorry.
Yes, that's right.
The picture should be up now.
If I see this on verydemotivational.com, I will kill you.
Don't tell them what website to post it to.
At least you're not John McCain.
Did you hear about that?
What the fuck happened this time?
I don't pay attention to that loser.
No, this is funny.
John McCain posted a picture of himself on the Twit pic or whatever, you know, and I'm
not starting a political thing.
I just think this is funny.
If it had been Obama, it would have been funny too.
Was he like playing with his nibbles or something?
No, no, no.
He was.
It was really funny.
No, he posted a picture just on his iPhone like, you know, because, you know, John McCain
is really old, right?
So the joke is he's probably not hip with technology, but he's showing, hey, I can take
a picture of myself with my iPhone.
So he did that and somebody took the picture and posted it to guyswithiphones.com, which
if you've never been to that site, most of you probably don't want to go because it's
kind of a gay porn website.
Most of the guys that take pictures on that site have their wangs hanging out and, you
know, they're balls and that's what the site is, okay?
Don't ask me how I know.
I read about, I read about it on Priz Hilton, okay, shut up.
But somebody posted a picture, that picture of John McCain on that website.
So you go to guyswithiphone.com and it's like penis, penis, balls, balls, wang, wang, butt,
but John McCain.
It was funny.
All right.
Anyhow.
Hey, how about some housekeeping and then maybe we will actually talk about some video
games tonight.
It's going to be a short show tonight, kids, apologies, but if you can't tell why, I don't
know what show you're listening to, but it will be a bit of a short show tonight, meaning
it's not part A, part B, it's just one giant part tonight.
So we're going to try and wrap up the show by eight o'clock.
We will still take your calls.
We'll take your Twitter topics, mailbag, all that stuff.
We're not going to neglect it.
Just a few less stories tonight so we can get out of here.
I'm reading one email.
There's one email.
I'm going to read one.
One email.
Tiger call on our chat room says, what's next?
McCain gets on chat roulette.
Oh God.
Talk about the cesspool of the internet.
Chat roulette.
I thought that was 2chan or 4chan.
There is no word to describe that, but like chat roulette, there's some really funny YouTube's
that come of chat roulette and my favorite is the guy that plays piano improv to the
people on chat roulette.
You've got to look this up.
What's his name?
Murk.
Murk hot.
Murk hot is his name.
Something like that.
I'm sure somebody in chat will say it, but, um, he goes on chat roulette and just starts
playing like random piano songs.
Like, Hey bro, in the red shirt, sitting there looking mean, you know, he just, it's funny.
Trust me.
It's piano improv.
It's hilarious.
Everybody thought he was Ben Folds, which made Ben Folds actually do it at a concert
later on.
It was funny.
Hey, gaming news.
We're a video game podcast.
Major Nelson starts off our game thing tonight and somebody hacked, hacked sword major Nelson's
game card.
You know, major Nelson.
He's famous.
And you know, if you ever on the three 60 and you download the X-Box minute, hi, I'm
major Nelson.
I'm at PAX East.
You know, that's, and that's exactly what he sounds like to, he always goes out to the
different events and he's kind of like, he's, he's the mouth for X-Box three 60, but that's,
that's a good thing.
Major Nelson is kind of the mouth for the three 60 Reggie fees.
Amay is kind of the mouth, even though he's also the CEO, he's kind of the mouth for Nintendo.
You kind of associate, you know, your, we press conference with Reggie fees, Amay.
And then Sony, I don't know, Sony, Sony doesn't really have a mouth.
I mean, I guess there's that one girl who's on the, the, um, um, core, but I can't even
think of her name.
Like that tells you what a mouthpiece she is.
So major Nelson is kind of like the spokesman, if you will, for a three 60, but his, uh,
his, uh, gamer card was hacked and it happened around the time packs was going on.
So they picked a good time to do it, honestly.
But what's weird is that like, I don't understand why you would like hack somebody's thing because
they hacked his name to say, I'm a faggot, like ha ha funny.
Like you're in the third grade.
And then, uh, I don't know, they, they made the, the, the text say any account, $100 PayPal,
I guess, meaning that you could pay these people a hundred dollars and they'll hack
any account because you know, if they can get major Nelson, they can get your neighbor
or your college friend that you're mad at or whatever as well.
Well, somebody took a responsibility for it.
I'm not even going to say who it was cause they're, they're trash and I'm not going to
promote them here on the show, but somebody took responsibility for it and they even did
a YouTube video, blah, blah, blah.
So obviously Microsoft fix this, but this just begs the question, why, why would you
hack someone's gamer card?
What is to gain from that?
It's EP'ing Rob.
Really?
I mean, at least like when you hack a wow account, like, you know, in my house.
It's a famous target.
So it's kind of like when the celebrity Twitters get hacked and like, you know, hi, I hacked
Britney Spears, you know, I have a huge vagina and things like, it's funny to tweet as Britney
Spears and say sick things.
I don't, I still don't understand.
Like there's no, I don't know.
It just seems odd.
Like a gamer card.
Why don't you just hack major Nelson.com like then you could get people to go to your trash
website like automatically with a four.
Not that I'm saying you should do that cause you shouldn't, but I just, I don't understand
the purpose of hacking someone's gamer card to say, I'm a faggot nonetheless.
You know, like that's just stupid.
It is stupid.
I know what Rob, what you're doing right now talking about it.
That's exactly why they do it.
No, I know, which is why I didn't say the name of the site that took responsibility
for it.
But I just think it's just weird to me.
Like I think it does need to be talked about, like why would people hack gamer cards or
what's next?
This is so watch out.
Don't make people too mad because they might send these guys a hundred dollars and your
gamer card will be hacked next and everybody will think that, you know, you're a whatever
sixth grade word they want to put in there to describe you.
So be careful.
Maybe they need authenticators on Xbox live.
Is that's what's going to come next authenticators?
Who knows?
Who knows?
You know, um, you know, uh, Kristin got hacked on wow.
I had read about that.
A lot of people are getting hacked on.
Wow.
It happened.
Like if you don't have an authenticator, you are going to get hacked.
It's just a matter of time.
Like do not think you are immune to this.
Like I got hacked on wow and I am not stupid with stuff I downloaded.
I don't click banners on things that, you know, aren't legit and all this other stuff.
Like I got hacked and I think I know what happened.
I think I logged in on my ex's computer and he was stupid.
So I think that's what happened.
You know what, Rob?
What?
I can't get hacked.
Why?
My account's disabled.
Well, yeah, you can't get hacked.
I ain't paying for that.
But actually I've heard of them like re-enabling accounts and going back in.
So you gotta be careful.
Well, you have an authenticator.
You're fine.
Yeah.
But I think I had a friend who his account was dormant for like six months and they re-enabled
it and oh man, they do, they do this dirty, dirty stuff just to get in there and mine
millions of ore and sell it to people.
Here's the thing.
When you buy gold online, you are supporting this.
I blame you as much as I blame the hackers.
When you buy gold online, you support all these accounts getting hacked.
Knock it off.
You know, if I remember right in Star Trek Online, we actually do have a report if ever
we see anything happening right away.
Like it's set up in the mail and set up on the heads up display, which I think is smart.
You need to have some, I don't remember Blizzard had anything like that, but I liked what Ion
used to do.
They used to have these very public executions in on the ion server.
They would have like public executions of spammers.
It was amazing.
I have to watch them.
That's what we needed.
Wow.
We need, this will be the nice thing.
OMG spoiler alert coming categories of spoiler, plug your ears if you don't want it.
Okay.
When gross takes over the hoard, since he's like a nasty little man, he should just start
executing the spammers.
That's what I want to see.
He apparently he's going to be executing everyone else, so he needs to execute the spammers.
Okay.
And spoiler safe to listen.
Well, how about other stuff, Rob?
Okay.
I have to make, give a shout out to get games.
Their ads are really funny and stylistically very good as a designer.
I like it.
All right.
It says in Soviet Russia, games get you two sniffs up, but it looks like old, uh, political
posters.
Anyway.
Um, two K sports.
They like a move in Natal.
Um, their marketing dude, Jason Argent said, um, that there are, that the sports games
are a natural fit for motion control and was mentioning by name, uh, the two K, uh, major
league baseball series.
They didn't really give anything else up on that, but I think that they're pretty pleased
with it and go and keep it going.
So good for them.
I don't know Rob, what do you think?
I think I should be able to get that big orange bat that you recently dug up, apparently according
to your Facebook and with Natal, I should be able to use that bat as I play two K games.
You'd have to come over here to get it because I won't break anything at all doing that in
my house.
But the orange bat is awesome.
There's signatures on that thing that I ain't seen in ages.
Not that I think that they're, they're going to encourage people to use actual bats with
these games.
Like it'll just be used swinging your hand or something.
I don't know, we're having the motion with it like a pretend bat, but that would be really
funny is if you try to use a real bat and like that is just not smart for most houses
because then the bat goes flying through the TV.
I mean, you thought the we emotes were bad, but this seems like a natural progression.
I mean, what, what smarter than, you know, if extra, extra gaming or exercise gaming
is like the next big thing, what smarter thing to do than to incorporate that with established
franchises?
You need a light saber.
This brings a whole new level to rod caliber, Rob.
I think though, I hope that what these games do is make this support optional and I think
they will.
I think they know that there's still a hardcore audience, especially when you're talking about
2k and you know, who knows whatever EA Sports ends up doing.
I think they still know there's a very hardcore audience that does not want to stand there
and flail their arms everywhere to pretend, you know, what have you.
I kind of like what they do.
You know, it's weird.
We don't talk about sports games a lot on this show, but I kind of like what they do
with Madden is that on the Wii, they really make the Wii game kind of targeted as the
easy type game, if you will.
And then the 360 and the PS3 versions are for the hardcore.
Although I don't know.
I don't think they should do separate versions.
It's just be one version with two different modes, but we'll see what they do.
You all right over there.
It's like death is on the show tonight.
This is amazing.
I don't even look like myself, Rob.
I can't believe you put that picture on the website.
Why not?
I don't care anymore.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
Jamie's in don't give a shit mode.
Please go to orangelaundry.com quickly before dark soccer realizes what a, what a, what
she did.
No, it's really a horrid picture.
I don't think I've ever looked that bad in my life.
You know what we need?
We need like a blingy competition with that picture.
A blingy, haven't you ever, well, you don't use MySpace.
So blingy is the site that puts the glitter and the hearts and all that.
Just MySpace trash all over a picture.
So somebody needs to take your picture and blingy-fy it to make it pretty.
This is the most horrible picture of you ever.
What is wrong with this show tonight?
Well, no, I, I came, I came home and I washed my face and I'm like, fuck it.
I don't care how it looks tonight.
And cause it's just you, it's just little old me.
That's Rob.
It's just me.
I don't care.
I love these Vicks and Halor things though.
They're perfect.
I, I might have to get one.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Although I feel like I'm getting better.
It's just last week was bad.
I, I, you know, I teach for a living and I couldn't talk Wednesday and Thursday and that's
bad for a teacher.
Like that's, that's really bad.
Toegak, by the way, is, is a blingy-fying your picture right now.
I'm excited.
Please do not really, or I'll never put another picture of me online again.
Toegak, send it to me private message.
Okay.
Don't, don't post it publicly.
All right.
Anyhow, at least you're not a dirty thief, right?
You can hack all these accounts and stuff, but at least you're not a dirty thief.
Well, apparently at PAX East, there was a theft out on the show floor and I'm not talking
about like somebody's purse getting stolen.
Apparently Atomic Games had this game that they were showing breach.
The code was actually stolen from the show floor.
Now this whole thing ended up being stopped.
Like, you know, the guy, I guess had a little USB dongle thing.
He was trying to copy the code.
Somebody spotted him.
He ran out into the large crowd, but they caught him somehow and they found the code
on his computer.
And the suspect apparently did admit that he was stealing the code.
So he's like, yeah, I'm stealing the code.
And when he got caught, he said, no big deal.
I really liked the game and I wanted to play it with my friends because that makes it okay.
He stole about 14 megs of the code before somebody caught him.
That's so messed up.
By the way, the alleged thief, Justin D. May.
Wilmington, Delaware is where he lives apparently and he's got a lovely little picture all over
the internet now.
His little mug shot hit all the gaming blogs.
Let's see, he said, I got online using the ethernet cable hanging outside their booth
because wifi wasn't working.
They stopped me, checked my computer and saw the Xbox neighborhood application.
Because that was on there, they accused me of stealing breach even though it's not on
my computer.
So that's what he's saying in his defense.
Apparently though, the atomic staff is counter responding to this saying, he said several
times he knew people and could give us bigger and more important people and he could name
names.
However, I have no idea if these people are on the show floor or just hackers at home.
I would hate to think he got someone's full code and their title is going to be compromised
due to this guy.
I just need to make it clear.
He didn't say anything specific.
Boy, oh boy.
Apparently this guy, oh my God, this guy apparently even spoke up at a panel earlier in the day
about Xbox live enforcement and the thief wanted to get his gamer tag un-banned.
Steven Toluus, I probably mispronounced that wrong, Toluus, I'm distracted by Jamie's nose
blowing.
Steven Toluus, the director of policy and enforcement for Xbox live actually asked the
guy what he did and the hacker said he played Forza 3 before release and he said, well you
shouldn't have done that.
Now if you buy games early from a retailer that breaks street date, that doesn't get
players banned, but illegal pre-release play does.
Good gosh, what a mess.
This is J100 Matt in our chatroom says, how stupid does this kid have to be to steal a
game that had an ex-Marina at the booth?
Don't steal shit, especially when there are 60,000 witnesses around.
Don't steal shit to begin with, but really don't steal shit when there's like that many
people around.
Sometimes the best thefts happen in plain sight.
This is dumb.
You're a dummy.
Well how about something else that's dumb?
Although I kind of get it, but I still think it's a little on the stupid side.
The 3.21 firmware update for PS3 removes the option to install other OS.
So no more Linux.
They're getting rid of that because of security concerns, they said.
So they're just going to start taking features away from our PlayStation.
They're just like, nope, you know what, you shouldn't have this feature anymore.
You know what?
Not smart of Sony to do.
You know why?
Because Sony is getting cocky with all this hacking scene thing.
And I just point to the PSP.
Every time Sony releases some patch, they say, it's unhackable, unwinnable, the hackers
will never succeed, they will never hack the PSP, it is unhackable.
Two days later, it's hacked.
Well, I just want to say, if people want something badly enough, they'll find a way to make it
happen.
And so sure enough, they're going to shut off this because apparently there's some exploit
now in the PS3 Linux, I'm surprised it took that long, but now they are taking it away
from, one bad apple ruins the barrel, they're taking it away from everybody and saying,
well this exploit is just undoable now.
We took away Linux.
So now you can't do this at all.
Well, there is a hacker named George Hotz, who was an iPhone hacker, who apparently did
crack the code on the PS3.
And then that's what might have started this whole thing.
But the point is, is that if people want the hack bad enough, there will be something that
will reverse engineer the PS3 back to the old patch.
I mean, they do it all the time with the PSP.
I don't know.
I think though, for the majority of people, for the common person, hardly anyone's going
to notice this happen.
I mean, come on, listeners, how many of you were really using this feature?
And maybe there's going to be a couple of you that are like, me, me, me, me.
Well, if that's you, then you're probably continuing to use your PS3 for its Linux features,
and therefore you're not going to want to take your PS3 on PlayStation Network and get
the update.
Because that's the only way you're going to be forced to update is when you try to play
a game online or if you try to buy a new game, you know, that eventually, you know, the firmware
will be on the disks for that later game, Uncharted 3 or whatever game comes later that
everybody has to have.
Well, apparently, what, it's pretty, pretty big.
I might just put this in the chat room, because the way this guy has done it, I actually could
see why Sony would make some changes.
Well, I'm sure, it's just a matter of time before he finds another, he'll find an exploit
in a game or something to reverse the firmware back to something old that's on the PSP all
the time.
I'm sure if Loki were here, he'd say he'd already done it.
I'm like, it's just, it's just, it's too bad that Sony felt the need to patch it out for
everyone because this was found when this isn't going to stop it.
That's my point.
This is not going to stop the hacking.
You know, it's going to make it more difficult, yeah, but it's not going to stop it.
Those that really want to do it are still going to do it.
So it's just kind of a bummer to those that were using Linux legitimately, but at the
same time, I just can't think of a whole lots of reasons.
I mean, yeah, the computer in there was kind of unique, but I think if you're, you harnessed
its power for whatever, you're not really playing games with it and therefore you won't
be affected anyway.
There's just going to be such a minority of users affected by this, but it still sucks
for them.
You should send those angry cards and letters to Sony.
What I love about the patch that they did, didn't add a damn thing.
It didn't add anything.
There was no silver lining to this patch.
It's just, yep, we're just taking this feature away later.
ToaGak says, actually, they're having issues downgrading the PSP from recent firmware as
well.
It got, it's getting harder.
It's not going to stop them.
Won't stop them.
Anyhow, moving on to other news regarding the Xbox and talking about game room.
Uh, you know, I've been playing game room a little bit here and there.
I like it overall.
I think, um, they probably should have waited about three more months to release it for
them to work out some of the bugs, but you know, whatever.
It's it's okay.
Um, it's, it's showing promise.
Let's put it that way.
It's showing promise.
Um, well, game room, uh, launched and they have 30 games in the lineup right now.
Um, however, you know, you might've heard when that they wanted to have a thousand games
on the service at some point.
And in order to do that, they're going to have to have weekly releases.
Well, it came out this week that you're not going to see weekly releases until late April.
So that would mean like, you know, the last week of April, basically.
So, if you were hoping for more games, nope, not going to happen right away.
You know, I'm looking forward to like Pitfall and Kaboom and some of the other, uh, Activision
classics and who knows what other little arcade gems they might dig up.
Burger time, anyone?
Uh, but we're not going to start seeing those till late April.
Um, interesting tidbit by the way, cause I don't think this came up on our show.
I think I mentioned it on Bobby's show on the call, but I actually, um, was with a pal
Segg, my friend Segg was playing game room on the show floor at Microsoft's booth.
And what's really funny is that he actually got the blue screen of death on the game.
And honestly it seemed like he, all he did was set the controller down on top of the
computer and it just threw the whole damn thing off balance and it blew screen to death
right in front of everybody.
So we were playing game room on the show floor and before he managed to crash the thing,
um, I asked the guy, I said, so they're going to be doing like weekly releases with this.
I heard something like a thousand games, you know, keep in mind, I don't have a media badge
on.
I don't use media.
So I'm just, you know, the everyday gamer.
And the guy said to me, he said, well, well, I don't know if weekly releases is what they're
going to end up doing, but they want to look at doing regular releases, but I don't know
if it'll be weekly.
So they're already starting to backtrack a little bit.
Releases that eat their fiber.
It will not be regular.
No, it will be just sporadic and all over the place.
Like a McDonald's inspired release.
Well, how about other stuff?
Yes.
How about Miyamoto?
I think being a little foolish.
Um, it basically thinks that Nintendo has a responsibility to educate the larger audiences
about the benefits of gaming that he thinks that most people are afraid of gaming technology
that, you know, once they become accustomed to it, there's nothing to be afraid of.
Not afraid at all.
How about just people don't like games?
Some of them just don't like video games.
I think there's a little truth to that.
I mean, like my parents don't like video games.
Well, I don't know.
My dad doesn't care, but he doesn't really play them.
I think there are a lot of people that don't get games.
I mean, going back to PAX a little bit, part of the whole, you know, people were very moved
by Wil Wheaton's opening speech and all this stuff, which I get because it was a very rah
rah rah.
This is our culture.
This is our time.
This is your place.
Nobody's going to judge you here.
You can be a gamer here and nobody's going to care.
Okay.
Well, that says to me that even we as gamers recognize that not everybody gets gaming.
You know what I mean?
And yeah, don't get me wrong.
I think it's ridiculous.
I mean, games are no different than movies in my opinion.
I mean, you know, interactive entertainment, it's interactive entertainment.
There's you know, Nookie is interactive entertainment.
So it just depends on what you like.
I mean, I don't get people that hate on games, but I think we recognize there are people
that just don't get it for whatever reason.
Well, I don't, there's a lot of stuff I don't get.
Like the hills.
I heard the hills got canceled finally.
It took like five years for this to happen.
I don't get the hills like Heidi and Spencer.
Why are they famous?
Why?
I don't get that.
And some people don't get why Final Fantasy 13 is awesome.
But there are people out there that just aren't going to get games.
I mean, wasn't that Nintendo's whole little thing was that they were going to try and
make games more accessible to everybody and they somewhat, I don't know.
I think they somewhat succeeded.
I mean, they sold tons of consoles and people are all about, you know, Wii Fit and Wii Sports
and all these games that have seemed to cross over into the mainstream, you know.
Now there is a quote from him I want to read.
It has to do with Sony and Microsoft.
We feel it's an honor that some form of entertainment style we created is now going to be taken
for granted thanks to the attitude taken by other companies, meaning their adoption of
motion control.
Aha.
So it's the kind of thing where it's like, well, everybody else seems to agree.
Imitation is the best form of, yeah.
Plus, you know, you're forgetting.
Microsoft does an incredibly good job of stealing people's ideas and making them better.
And I think that's what they're trying to do with this whole Natal thing.
They're going to make it better.
But we'll see.
I mean, that's still debatable.
You can't really argue that until the system or game or whatever you want to call it itself
comes out.
But we'll see.
PlayStation Move, you know, some of the early feedback was pretty good that it's way more
responsive than the Wii.
That's just competition, my friends, competition.
All these companies trying to one-up each other.
Speaking of which, there are a lot of companies out there that are currently trying to get
your dollar as far as selling their video games.
And we'll start with Japan this week for the release dates.
Some of the release dates.
Not a lot of new games on the 360 in Japan this week, but a crap ton of price reductions.
Death Smiles, Far Cry 2, Mass Effect, Ninja Blade, Prince of Persia, Tom Clancy, Hawk,
all getting price reductions this week.
Moving on to the PlayStation 3, also just price reductions.
No new games.
Dead Blades and Tom Clancy's HAWK or Hux.
Nintendo Wii, nothing this week.
It's really kind of a dry week.
PlayStation 2, Clover no Kuni no Alice is like the only new game I'm seeing there on
the PlayStation 2.
On the Nintendo DS, again, nothing really new this week.
It's a slow week.
I don't know.
You'd think like there's a Dragon Warrior game or something coming out where everything's
getting out of the way.
On the PSP, Monochrome is coming out this week.
I believe that's the sequel to EchoChrome.
And then there is one other game coming out, Judae no Atelier, Grimnant no Rekonjutsu,
Torawear no Morito from Gust, which is, well, it looks like there's this like, let's see.
It's like a time traveling game and cute little slime looking characters and little teddy
bears and cute stuff and chicks with enormous breasts.
So you're very like anime infused game.
It's a PSP remake apparently of an older game.
So there you go.
Well, I've got a couple of UK releases if you're ready.
Just two, Blue Toad Murder Files Episodes 4, 5, and 6, and Lead and Gold Gangs of the
Wild West.
That's it.
This used to be a slow week all over the world.
I wonder what that is.
Maybe just because it's not, you know, a very busy time of year, although isn't it like
spring break?
Well, I guess this last week was spring break.
Yeah, last week was spring break.
I don't know.
It's a slow week in the US as well, which you have to look forward to this week in the
US.
Commandos complete on the PC, a Borderlands add-on pack coming to the 360 and the PC,
a game called Again on the DS.
It's an action game from Koi Entertainment.
And then my personal favorite here of the week that's coming out, Squishy Tank on the
Nintendo DS.
And I love the cover.
Of course, it's from Natsume.
I love the cover art.
It's like a puzzle game.
And if you look at the cover art, it looks like, like, imagine a slime from the Dragon
Quest series and somebody is poking it.
And so it has the angry face because it's being poked, yet it is a tank.
So there it is.
Squishy Tank for 20 bucks.
Squishy.
It's a puzzle game.
Looks like match up colored blocks and make tanks squishy.
It's squishy.
Squishy.
Oh, we're ready to get into, I guess, the mailbag.
We're at that part of the show where we're going to dive into the mailbag and read some
of your emails here.
I'm reading three.
And Dark Soccer will try her best to not sniff through them all.
Thank you everyone for keeping them short.
By the way, if you want to send us emails, please do.
Next week hopefully we'll be better.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place you send emails and Dark Soccer reads them
like she's going to do right now while I munch on this tortilla.
Hey, O.L.R.
Oh, do you haven't eaten yet?
I've been talking.
I can't eat and talk.
We'll fucking eat already.
All right, you talk.
We'll eat.
Let me know how it is.
Read some emails.
Hey, O.L.R.
I was listening to your podcast at work and noticed Rob wonder why Final Fight and Magic
Sword are getting packaged together.
The reason is simply that the developers of the company who are doing the port love Magic
Sword.
The only way they would have been able to get it released is to bundle it with another
game.
So can you, so you can think they're completely selfish acts as the reason you're getting
Magic Sword.
P. A.Z.H.P.
P.S.
When Rob asked Loki to be a lady.
For some reason I had an image of Rob singing Loki be a lady to the tune of Luck be a Lady
by Frank Sinatra.
I did that.
Loki be a lady tonight, Loki if you've been a lady to begin with, Loki be a lady.
I really did that on the show.
I told Loki to be a lady.
Apparently I was drunk.
Wink wink nudge nudge.
Thanks for the email.
There should be more random tangents and acts of love.
I know there's guardian legend fans out there.
Help me out.
But thank you.
I'm so excited about Magic Sword I could piddle.
Okay.
Next one.
Good evening Orange Nails Radio and fellow listeners.
This is Gditz writing in again.
Seeing as it's my birthday today then that I am in the process of getting ready for a
night out I realize I won't be able to attend the live show today which I regret as it is
always something fun and enlightening.
So I figured I'd write an email instead so that you guys, while I'm drinking myself into
a coma, you guys and gal will have something to discuss about video games.
Oh, cause, sorry Mendoza's stuffing up again.
I remember myself when I was under the age of 18 and had no problem purchasing one of
the worst slash best murder simulators of all time, Grand Theft Auto 3.
I am not really shocked that I managed to pull it off but I am a bit dismayed that the
retailers don't seem to care.
So the question is, do you think it's too easy for children to acquire mature rated
games or are the measures taken by retailers good enough?
Sorry for any and all spelling errors and or grammatical mistakes and have a happy Easter
everyone.
Gditz the other Swede.
Like I said before about hacking, if somebody wants something bad enough they'll find a
way to make it happen.
You know, there's always going to be loopholes.
I just think that, yeah, there, there should be a degree of responsibility by, by, uh,
by the stores to adhere to the rule.
But ultimately if the kid gets the game that's on the parent, not on the store.
I pretty much agree with Dark Soccer.
I like totally like, you know, stores do the best they can.
I think if stores are shown to not be following the rules, then actions should be taken accordingly.
You know, they do the same thing with cigarettes and alcohol and all this stuff.
But ultimately it's up to the parents.
I mean, you don't know if somebody, somebody might have like an older brother who will
go in and buy the game for them or, you know, like a friend who's older, a cousin, I don't
know.
That's kind of like the hookup.
You know, there's nothing the stores can do about that.
And if a kid wants an M rated game bad enough and finds that hookup, then they're going
to do it.
Unless the parents say, if I catch you playing that game, I'm going to fucking throw your
Xbox in the trash.
And that's something my parents would have said, you know, like that's what it's ultimately
comes down to.
I think my mom would have said, when'd you get this?
No, my parents, my parents, I don't know, like, I don't know, mature rated games weren't
such a problem back then because it was all like the 8-bit NES and the Super Nintendo.
So my parents were kind of like, whatever, like they didn't really care about Mortal
Combat and stuff.
They thought it was stupid.
Or my parents, I don't think they ever really watched me play in that stuff.
And I think if they did, my mom would walk in and go, Rob, that is gross.
What is that game that you're playing?
That is gross.
Rob.
He just knocked the head off, Rob, what are you playing?
That is gross.
And that would be the extent of it, but I would have been 15 or 16 at the time.
So it's like, you know, now I think I even use this as an excuse.
It's no grosser than, you know, the movies that my mom watches, you know, Mortal Combat
fatalities are funny.
Um, last one, and he put a lot of information on here, but I'm not going to say it until
I have this expressed permission to, Hey, OLR, just wanted to give you a quick update
on the whole fiasco going on with game crazy.
This is the guy who's the manager in Colorado, my store, along with four others in the Denver
slash Pueblo area, the only two stores in Colorado remain, is now starting liquidation
this Friday.
Jamie, I really hope that Dan is still safe and if not, I guess we are all in this together.
Wish me luck with everything that will be coming my and or our way.
And to think I almost bought a 3DHG TV at Best Buy yesterday, but my little guardian
angel was telling me not to.
Now I know why.
Frowny face.
Please let me know what is going on in your neck of the woods.
One good thing to pass on.
A lot of my customers are now listening to your show and love it, so keep it up.
Take care, dude.
Well then I apologize to your customer base for tonight's show, but, um, I'm sorry to
hear it, dude.
Cool.
Um, I, I, I hope it works out for the best.
I mean, I hope you're able to find something somewhere else.
I mean, those customers are going to have to go somewhere.
So this is also dated from March 22nd, so we might've heard already.
Dan dodged the bullet.
Wow.
Good for him.
They closed down a bunch of other stores, but Dan's store was still a pretty well performing
store.
So he's like, we didn't get any inventory.
We were running out and we were sad and we thought we were going to go and then we got
a shipment.
And then they said, yeah, so Dan's store is still around for a little bit.
Dan is also awesome.
And there's a thought that his might be one of the ones to survive chapter 11 if the company
survives.
He just said he was a little disappointed because he hates driving to Cameron Park.
Oh yeah, it's far.
I've never been there.
It's it's it's snows and shit there, doesn't it?
It's kind of far.
So, um, manager dude, which I'm calling you until you say I can actually say it's you,
I mean, you put a store number and everything, but I don't want to jump the gun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, I, I see right about the liquidation.
Take your, I deployed it and I hope, oh my God, the show is so sorry.
And I hope that that something works out well for you and thank you for, by the way, spreading
us around like a disease.
Like Rob.
Appreciate it.
Robin.
You know what?
Uh, it was the not on me.
I suppose it was a, uh, Fana, may 2000 I think my first Fana, may when I did my Emmy cosplay.
Apparently all, all the Bay area DDR players and everything were getting sick from an illness
that was in theory started by a certain moderator at the time on DDR.
Nice.
So, and I thought, oh, I'm not going to get it.
It's all over.
I'm just gone.
I came back home sick with double yikes.
Sorry to hear it con con crap.
Um, but no, and I did get your email on my personal email address and I've just been
swamped.
So by the way, I have heard that there are game stores out there and like little, um,
computer places, little, but you know, like land centers and stuff that actually play
this show at the center.
And I think that's rad.
Like, thank you guys so much.
Like we really ought to tone down the swearing so that it would be okay for more places to
play us.
I said crap.
I didn't say shit.
Well, but we, oops, I bet we're a heck of a lot more interesting than those stupid tapes.
They probably send them to play with all the like, you know, hi, I'm Jeff Keighley and
let's see what games coming out next.
You know, like that stuff probably gets really old to see on loop over and over again.
I think, you know, podcasts are kind of fun, so we'll have to think about cleaning it up
some day.
We're verbal kitsch, Rob.
We're verbal kitsch, but, um, but back to the subject at hand, dude, I feel really rotten
for you.
And, um, shoot, shoot me another email to my real email and I will respond to you.
And I, if I'm just so sorry that you, that this crap is happening and I mean, a lot of
it is their own fault for their marketing strategy, but I think that GameStop really
started dominating the market.
You might just want to send with your email though, some E-Perell as a salacious pop and
chat says this episode needs to come with some Perell.
Jamie's about to go flush her head in the toilet to get it to stop hurting.
By the way, backing up to some earlier messages in chat room from when I was impersonating
my mother, um, Amae Satsuma says Skye's parents were from Sesame Street.
Yeah, apparently, uh, Tiger Claw said, uh, Rob was probably like, Hey mom, watch this.
He does a fatality in the game and she just goes ballistic.
Yeah, that's not too far from the truth.
I would do stuff just to, just to, uh, ruffle her feathers like, Hey, look at this.
Oh Rob, that is gross.
Why do you do that?
You suddenly reminded me of, go do your homework.
You still, it's only reminded me of something that Becky's two year old did.
What's that?
He went up to, Julian went up to Becky and picked his nose and said, yummy.
With the big grim on his face.
Just I guess he actually, he, this two year old has mastered smart.
Rob, he's a smart kid, but is like, and then he shook his head and goes, yucky, uh, SSJ
100 Matt says, no, don't tone down the language there, but he's getting freaked out that we're
suddenly going to go G rated.
No, we're not going to tone down the language.
It would be nice if I had the time or one of us had the time or somebody had the time
that we could go through the episode and beep out obscenities and that way you could have
like a G rated version, you know, safe for broadcast, but let's face it, we're all too
lazy.
It's not going to happen.
I mean, Loki's on this program.
I mean, there's just, it's not going to happen.
Not going to happen.
Hey, uh, by the way, if you want to send in some emails, you should do so mailbag at orange
launch radio.com is the place to send them.
Now's the part of the show where we show a little angst and anger and say, F you man,
F you.
I guess I'll start the F us tonight.
Oh, do your back.
Oh, hi.
Dark Sakura stars off tonight.
Thank you.
Um, a few to my allergies and the Sacramento area for being rife with plant life.
I hope it all burns except for me and my stuff and yours.
I need to see your new house.
It's quaint.
Come over next.
Oh no, you have other stuff next weekend.
Come over soon.
Let's have breakfast.
It's fun.
On Sunday.
All right, we'll see.
Um, F you to Paxi's plague by the only one that has it.
I think I am F you Paxi's plague, but I would like to say non F you to these lovely triple
chocolate M and M's the dark soccer just gave me the air purple and sparkly.
I'm going to take pictures of them.
It's the gayest food I think I've ever seen.
Dude.
That's what I said in the kitchen.
Rob, I'm going to bring you some of the gayest food I've ever eaten.
He's a very gay, uh, as a show 100 Matt in the chat, this is a good question and sure
we'll let chatters derail the flow of the show tonight cause I don't care tonight.
I mean this show is already fucked up as it is as a show 100 Matt says, serious question
for you.
What did your parents think of you guys playing DDR dance, dance revolution, the game that
brought this show together, dark soccer.
What did your parents think?
I mean, well you would already, you weren't really living with your parents at that time.
I was trying to explain it to my mom and she's like, what?
That was pretty much it with my parents too.
I mean, I obviously I'd moved out of the house by then I was living on my own.
Um, I would've been like, God, what year did we all start playing DDR?
I was two, it was 2000 for me.
So I'd have been 21.
You were just a young and 10 years ago I'd have been 21.
So um, I was already out of the house by then.
So my parents didn't really know, but they found out later on because when we started
doing the tournaments and stuff, like remember we ended up on the news sometimes and then
like, you know, our show ended up on the news and some of that stuff.
And so my parents were kind of like, okay, well like I don't, I think they just don't
get it.
I think my mom just kind of giggles.
Like I think she kind of points and laughs at me, but doesn't like outright do that cause
I'm her kid.
There's people who do that.
You play that arrow game and my favorite thing is, so if you stomp that makes the arrows
move.
You know what?
You know what?
I'm just in that kind of mood tonight where I don't really care.
Do it.
Let's, um, let's give somebody a call.
Let's find out.
Cause I just, I need to know.
Hold on.
Let's, uh, I just have to know the answer to this question.
This is a very good question.
That's just you and her Matt's posing.
Hello?
Hi mom.
It's Rob.
Where are you?
I'm on, oh, she hung up on me.
My mother just hung up on me.
Maybe she doesn't want to be on the radio.
Let's try this again.
Live radio, boys and girls.
Is it working?
Stupid Skype.
Let's try this one more time and I'm going to give up.
We do tape live every Sunday night at all games radio www.allgames.com right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show, six o'clock Pacific.
Thank you.
Uh, all games radio for letting us steal your bandwidth.
Hey, Scott has a new show starting ApoDay TV.
Check that out.
We can call mine.
Hello?
Hi, it's Rob.
Are you there?
I'm here.
You keep hanging up on me.
No, I didn't hang up on you.
It's the internet.
I'm on, we're on the radio.
Is that okay?
I guess.
All right.
Say hi.
What?
Say hi to the listeners, mommy.
Hi, mommy.
Hi, this is Jamie.
I haven't seen you in a while, but hi.
Okay.
So here's the thing.
Tonight we're having a bad show because Loki is out.
Both Jamie and I are sick.
Like I got sick when I was in Boston.
Did I tell you this?
I don't remember.
I got really sick, so I've been sick.
Don't worry.
I've been going to work, but I'm sick.
And so everybody at work is sick.
Well hopefully not.
And the person that goes around my office telling people to go home when they're sick
because I don't want to get sick.
I just tell people I already had swine flu once, you ain't going to get it now.
Okay.
Here's the deal.
We were taking questions from chatters and I thought the chatters had a good question
and the chatter wanted to know, what do you think about your son, that would be me, playing
Dance Dance Revolution?
Like did you, did you ever know about this Dance Dance Revolution game that I was playing?
Uh huh.
And what did you think of it?
What did you think of it?
I thought it was good exercise.
It was.
It was good exercise.
I was probably never in my thinning, or I was never thinner than I was when I played
that, huh?
Except when you had pancreatitis.
That's absolutely true.
What, um.
Am I supposed to not like it or something because I don't have.
No, no.
I'll get.
Well, let me ask you this.
Were there ever video games that I played growing up that you didn't like?
That I didn't like?
Yeah.
Only the, I didn't, I wasn't particularly fond of the, uh, very violent games.
And why, why, why didn't you like that?
Did you think that I was gonna go out and do things and imitate what I saw in the games?
Well, it's just, I just don't think it's particularly good for children to be playing those kind
of games, war games and things like that.
Did you ever like catch me playing a bad video game and you like grounded me?
Cause I don't really remember.
No.
I just remember you.
No, because you had pretty good taste.
You didn't really like those violent games.
Well now that's not true.
See, I was really good at hiding it from you.
Well maybe so.
Maybe I just.
Never tell your mother how sneaky and devious you were as a child.
Oh, she knows.
She knows all about that stuff now cause it's funny.
My sister and I will get together and exchange stories with my mother sitting right there.
Okay.
But the other thing, the other thing, do you remember a game called Mortal Combat that
I used to play?
Yeah I didn't like that one.
Yeah.
Wasn't it gross?
It was pretty gross.
Cause I remember I was doing an impersonation earlier that you would come in the room and
you would say, Rob, what is that game?
That is a gross game.
Turn off that game.
It's gross.
That, that, that you were a little older then too.
You weren't real.
I mean you were like 14 maybe.
So it was okay.
I was, I was, I was at the point where it was okay.
You weren't real.
So I'm, you know, I'm thinking, you know, five, six, seven, eight.
I don't, I wouldn't think that would be appropriate for a child that age.
Okay.
Well I got one other question for you here.
And um, that question would be, um, why don't you like video games?
Cause you don't really play games.
What is, but you watch movies and you watch Oprah and American Idol.
So what, why don't you like games?
It's a matter of taste I guess.
And for one thing, I'm not that well coordinated.
I'd probably fail at it, you know, because I think you've been doing it ever since you
were a little kid.
So you're pretty well coordinated as far as, you know, you using the joystick and stuff.
I'm not.
So I'd rather be entertained rather than trying to entertain myself like that.
All right.
You're not interested in getting a Wii?
You don't want to do Wii bowling?
No, not really.
All right.
All right.
Well, do you give me a Wii?
You're going to give me a Wii?
You want, do you want a Wii?
Is that what you want for Christmas?
No, but you, you acted like you were trying to get me to say, Oh yeah, I'd love to have
a Wii so you could get me one.
You wouldn't use it.
That's why I'm not going to get you one.
You wouldn't use it.
You're right.
The first time I'd wear myself out and then I'd say never again.
All right.
Anything you want to say to the listeners of our fine radio program, uh, the, you know,
five people?
Ask them why they don't have something better to do.
Thank you for your love and support.
Mom.
I really appreciate it.
Oh, I, you know, I love and support you, so.
All right.
Bye mommy.
I love you.
Happy Easter to you too.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
My turn.
You want to call your mother?
Is she up?
It's not too late over there.
What time is it?
10, 15 on the east coast.
My mom doesn't live on the east coast.
She lives in central.
Oh, central time.
So nine 15.
I don't care.
Wake her up.
All right.
Here you go.
Punch in the number one.
Mobile.
Okay.
Let's see.
It's Easter with the family here on orange lounge radio.
Oh, it did not like that number.
What did I know?
Mom's phone number acts wonky sometimes.
Can you show it to me one more time here?
Yeah.
Okay.
Sick.
The top one.
Okay.
Here we go.
Here it goes.
It's calling.
Dark soccer.
It's all you.
Hey.
Come on mom.
She went to bed.
You're in trouble.
She, she's not sleeping.
She's out partying.
Let's leave her voicemail.
Hi, this is Kathy.
I'm sorry.
I can't take your call right now.
Please leave me a message.
She's adorable.
At the tone, please record your message.
When you have finished recording, you may hang up or press one for more options.
Hi mommy.
It's your spawn.
Um, the female one, um, your voicemail is live on orange lounge radio.
We were trying to call you because it was funny.
Um, but you would have been an internet celebrity, but you missed your chance.
Sorry mom.
We were going to ask you about video games.
That's wrong.
Terrible influence they had on your child, but you know, I guess call back, call back
this number.
I don't think it'll work.
It's it shows up as like one, two, three, four, five, text, text Jamie and we'll call
you back.
Love you mom.
Bye.
Bye mom's voicemail.
All right.
Well, now we've successfully derailed the show three times over.
That was a lot of fun.
Hey, and we had a canine visitor.
I know, and I'm not a big fan of big dogs, so that kind of scared the hell out of me,
but thank you.
All right.
All of a sudden I just turn around, there's a dog in my life.
True story.
I was, did you know I was bit by a dog when I was five years old and I've had issues with
them ever since.
That's what you said.
I know.
Just in case the listeners don't know.
I do.
I'm not a fan of big dogs.
Just, you know, Hey, how about video games?
I put up the picture, I think I put up the picture of the very gay M&M's.
Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars.
This game is only what a couple of years old, but we have some new news on it and it has
to do with the way it is selling and you might've heard not much, but apparently actually some
sales figures coming from February of 2010 apparently, and this is cumulatively up to
February of 2010 Chinatown Wars, the sales of that on the DS represents 50%, about 50%
of the sales of all M rated DS titles.
So meaning that when you take the other M rated titles, dementia, the ward, resident
evil, deadly silence, touch the dead core, ultimate mortal combat, and all these games
and you add them all up, it doesn't match what Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars has sold.
And this is kind of interesting because Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars, the sales overall
have tended to be considered a disappointment.
And they even came out and said, uh, you know, they, they were blaming it on piracy that
the commercial performance of Chinatown Wars has certainly suffered at the hands of piracy
was a earlier quote, um, about that.
I think it's interesting because it just goes to show M rated games are not selling on the
DS, but at the same time, I kind of think, well, duh, most DS owners are kids.
Like really like, true story, I was at Outback last night, the table next to us, what does
the little kid have that's waiting for his little, little, little Joey, you know, what
is it called?
The young kangaroo menu, the Joey kid menu waiting for his little kid steak.
He was playing a DS, probably Pokemon or something.
The Pokemanses.
I mean the DS is like most popular with kids like tweens, if you will.
So of course the M rated games are not going to sell that well cause my mother would not
have bought me that game when I was growing up.
So there you go.
Uh, I don't know.
So maybe they just need to make some better games.
But honestly, I just don't think the DS is the platform for an M rated game.
It's mostly kids.
There you go.
Dark soccer.
What's up next?
Some stuff.
Um, Final Fantasy nine actually.
Um, they are, um, they're planning on putting, um, Final Fantasy nine on PSN and then it
was confirmed by Yoichi Wada, um, that, um, it would join Final Fantasy seven and eight
on the PS3.
So yay.
All the VV you want.
Well, why not?
It's free money, honestly, for putting a nostalgic game that everybody knows and loves back on
the PlayStation network.
Although it was probably a Final Fantasy a lot of people skipped over.
I don't think nine sold quite as well as the other ones.
I didn't play that much of it.
I actually, I played more of nine than I did of eight cause I actually liked nine.
I actually got past the first disc on nine.
I didn't beat it, but I went pretty far in it.
It was good.
It was a good game.
It was, you know, that more traditional Final Fantasy as opposed to that, uh, cyberpunk
kind of looking thing.
And that was its big thing.
So how about some Twitter topics?
I don't even know if we got Twitter topics tonight, but we're going to go ahead and take
some Twitter topics now on our Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R.
Although I'm trying to load the Twitter right now.
Hopefully I'll be able to filter out all the tweets about Justin Bieber, who is still a
trending topic.
And how much, how much is that swipe Twitter stupid?
Don't worry about it.
You're better off not knowing.
Let's see.
Oh, this story kind of hits close to home from a tiger clock.
SEGA confirms closure of internal Iron Man and Golden Axe developer.
Do you know where that SEGA office was located?
San Francisco.
Oh yeah.
I've driven by there.
Yeah.
A lot of us have.
It's right there off I 80.
You can't miss it.
Yeah.
SEGA studio.
San Francisco has been closed.
They were making the Iron Man movie tie in games.
Golden Axe beast rider.
Um, unfortunately the rumors were going around and they closed it.
That one hits very close to home.
That's a bummer.
I thought SEGA was having a resurgence in popularity with Bayonetta and, um, you know,
some of the, they got that game, they showed residents of fate.
Was that what it was called at PAX East actually looked pretty rad.
I got to say so SEGA is having a Renaissance, but I guess the Iron Man movie tie in games
are not exactly how to do it.
They'd ever made it with good control.
It might've been a different story.
Uh, blue swim sends us some tweets saying, Hey, any thoughts on cave shooter death smiles
getting a special edition with a nice Xbox 360 space plate and an OST CD.
And then he links us to an article on Kotaku that actually shows us what it looks like.
You know, there are some, definitely some shmup fans that are going to be really excited
about this.
And I think it's very cool.
I mean, I don't know if it's something I would spend the extra money on, but I think it's
cool.
Like it's cool that the games kind of come into the U S at all.
You know, like we just talked about how I think it was getting a limited edition in
Japan, but I guess this whole, actually this giant collection is only like 50 bucks.
That's not bad.
And again, can't say I'm a huge fan of it, so I don't know if I could justify spending
that kind of money, but I think it's cool that it's even coming out at all.
So that's neat.
Maybe a friend of mine will get it and I can check it out.
I don't know.
Uh, Alex P Carson says, O L R a your O L R logo is my Xbox gamer picture.
Well, thank you.
Did you know?
And it's been a long time, but you can actually search for what's called community gamer picks
on Xbox live.
And we're in the pack too.
It's like the all games radio pack.
It has a bunch of icons for a bunch of all games radio shows.
Uh, some of them aren't even on the air anymore cause it's been so long.
Uh, but, uh, you know, we, there's an icon for O L R. There's an icon for Bobby.
There's an icon for like video game outsiders and you know, there's a few shows that are
still on that have icons.
So check that out.
Community gamer picks.
They're hard to find, but you can probably find them on the website a little easier.
Um, evil protagonist says, I don't have a topic.
I just want to tell you all how much I look forward to listening each and every week.
Thanks for all you do.
All.
Thank you.
That's very nice.
And I apologize for this week's show cause it's kind of shit.
Blue swim also says, Rob, your mom's burn on the O L R listeners was Epic.
Yeah.
Well that's where I get it.
Lastly, spazzinator or good buddy asks a WTF question.
If major Nelson is the mouth of Microsoft, who is the asshole or appendix of Microsoft?
Ooh, that's a good one.
Who's the asshole of Microsoft?
Um, my best guess, I mean, I don't think there's anybody who's just like a straight up jerk
that I can think of, but definitely a lot of what comes out of Peter Molyneux's mouth
is.
So that would be my best guess for you.
There it is.
Rob, you know what I just got done typing?
What's that?
She'll cut a bitch.
For what?
It's a Kathy Griffin album.
Oh.
Isn't that a book?
Or something?
I don't know.
No, I think that it's one of our shows.
Oh, okay.
Couple more news stories for you guys and we have the classic game of the week.
Yeehaw.
Microsoft, speaking of which, well this is kind of an asshole thing to do, but not really.
I get why they're doing it.
They are suing Datel over the turbo fire controller.
It's a wildfire is what it's called in the UK, which is where Datel is from.
Unfortunately they say, you know what, this looks a little bit too much like an Xbox 360
controller.
And I got to say, yeah, it definitely kind of looks like an Xbox 360 controller.
But I kind of always thought the third party controllers all resembled the original controller
somewhat.
But yeah, Microsoft is seeking monetary compensation and an injunction preventing the company from
manufacturing any more of the devices.
Now Datel and Microsoft, they've been going back and forth for a little while.
I would guess that this was not a licensed Microsoft peripheral and that's part of the
problem.
Because you might remember Datel, they made the memory cards that got the shaft from Microsoft.
So I think that's what this, this is just these two companies just kind of going back
and forth at each other.
It's a bummer because maybe the D-pad on this thing would have been better.
And judging from the looks of it, it doesn't look so like a round D-pad, it might have
actually been a little better.
Kind of a bummer.
But hey, you know what, Microsoft, you know, they did make that controller.
And they patented it.
And if you make something a little too close, that's why people get sued, especially when
you're not already in the company's good favor.
Oh well.
Soon he's going to sue.
Everybody loves to sue.
All right, Dark Soccer.
I wish I could sue my face.
What a quote.
So there's an MMO that's called PokeNet that was a fan run MMORPG based on Pokemon.
And it was, actually Nintendo sent the request for them to shut it down at the end of March.
And they postponed closing it, but they actually formally shut it down on April Fool's Day.
And that's no joke.
There's just a number of them though that have been shut down, but this is just the
newest one.
And they said for the code that they created for the game, they're joking about using it
for Digimon or Monster Ranger, but most of their devs are giving up.
That would be a funny little F-you, I suppose.
That's a bummer, but it's not a surprise.
I mean, Pokemon is one of Nintendo's most treasured MMOs.
You know, I see that these guys are just trying to make the game that everybody wants, which
is the Pokemon MMO.
I mean, that's what like tons and tons of gamers everywhere want.
We've talked about it on this show.
It could be a great thing for the franchise, and for whatever reason Nintendo is just refusing
to do it.
Probably because of the fact that it's a kid-based game and that would be very hard to keep safe
and clean is probably part of the reason.
But I mean, it's a bummer, but I think Nintendo's within their rights, certainly, you know,
especially if it wasn't a quality product.
They're absolutely in their rights.
But I do think if the guys are that passionate about the product, they should go back and
make it a different type of monster.
I mean, that would take a lot of re-art and all that stuff.
And plus, if it's too close to the Pokemon idea, it might still get the smackdown.
But I mean, Pokemon and Digimon can co-exist, and you know, they're not that different.
I mean, yes, there's differences, but they come down to little pocket monsters and collecting
catch them all, catch them all, yada yada.
But Nintendo's done that a lot lately.
They shut down the Zelda project, the movie thing, remember that?
But you know, I get it.
They have a right.
You can't just go around making all this fake stuff because somebody out there is going
to think it's real, and then that's where the real problems start.
Well, this was real, and this was licensed by Nintendo.
And no matter what, Nintendo will never make this go away.
The Super Mario Brothers Super Show!
That's right, the one with, rest in peace, Captain Lou Albano, starred as Mario.
And of course, you know, they would do all these cute little live-action skits.
And then they had the cartoons.
Well, if you want to relive this from your childhood, or if you never got to experience
this as a child to begin with, guess what?
It's on Netflix.
So you can actually go check this out.
I believe it is on Instant Netflix right now.
So you can go stream volume one of the collection and check out what you missed as a kid.
I actually have, either volume one or volume two, I have one of the collections on DVD,
and it is so cheesy-cheeserific.
It's amazing.
Just to give you a clue how amazing, here's a blast from the past.
Listen up.
Hey, McDonald's!
It's the Mario Brothers Super Show!
We're with the Mario Brothers, and the plumbing's a game.
We're not with the others who get all the pain.
If you think it's no trouble, you can call us on the double.
We're faster than the others, you'll be hooked on the brothers.
You'll be hooked on the brothers.
Do you ever watch this show growing up, Jamie?
Yes.
Except I was really religious about watching Zelda on Friday.
Me too.
Well, excuse me, princess.
I don't believe that is a part of this, because the Zelda collection's different.
Zelda was on a different DVD, and I don't know if you can stream those yet.
The chat room's bitching about the audio quality.
Well, boo-hoo!
Alright.
Anyhow, it's that part of the show where we really like to take a look back at classic
gaming's history, and pick one game to spotlight in a segment we call our Classic Game of the
Week.
Dark Sakura's gonna dig through the gaming vault, she's gonna dive in head first, and
she's gonna sniff really loud, and whatever sticks to her nose first will be the game
of the week.
So, Dark Sakura, what did Nosepawn pick as the game of the week?
Actually, it was Dan that picked the game, so you can blame him.
I think it's a fabulous game you picked this week, so I thank Dan for this.
Well, it's Super Mario World 2 Yoshi's Island.
Aw yeah, one of the best ones in the whole damn series.
Wah!
Wah!
Wah!
Wah!
Anyway.
Basically, you go around as Yoshi, and you have baby Mario on your back, and you can
play different Yoshi's, and, um, it's supposed to be a prequel for Super Mario World, though,
technically, by the story, but I mean, your life bar is your baby Mario, and he falls
off your back, you have to go, he floats around in a little bubble and you have to go catch
him, and he gives the single most annoying cry ever.
Wah!
Wah!
Wah!
Wah!
Seriously, I think this game scared me away from children for a long time.
Um, but I mean, you go through, there's also, uh, you eat certain enemies, give you certain
colored eggs, you can throw them, you can eat certain enemies and shoot them just right
back at themselves, and, um, this is a pretty fun little game, um, and also, if you get,
um, a perfect score in all eight of the regular levels, you'll get a secret level, and there
are five flowers that you can pick up, um, in, in each stage, and you have red coins,
and all kinds of fun stuff that you can find, um, so basically you have to go and, uh, get
Baby Luigi back from Magikoopa Comic!
It also uses the Super FX2, um, for sprite scaling and polygon effects, and, um, all
kinds of stuff.
But, um, it was actually, um, the particular style for it, um, the rumor is that it came
from an internal evaluation committee conflict with Nintendo, and, uh, Miyamoto was, uh,
instructed to use the Donkey Kong Country style of pre-rendered graphics, and so he altered
them to look as if they had been drawn with crayons.
Interesting.
I always thought this game kind of had a unique look to it.
That's kind of cool that that's where it came from.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Very cool.
So that's it?
Yeah, that actually was given the award for Best Game of 1995 by EGM.
It is a great game.
As far as sequels, though, we've had, um, Yoshi Touch and Go and Yoshi's Universal Graviton
for the Game Boy Advance.
Oh, I remember Touch and Go.
And then Yoshi's Story came out on Nintendo 64.
There was Yoshi's Island DS, and, um, Yoshi's Island, um, was used in, um, the SNES and
Game Boy versions of Tetris Attack as a background.
I don't...
Is this on the Wii?
I don't think it is.
I don't think so.
I could be wrong.
I could be wrong.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
I don't think it is on the Wii.
No.
But that's, but that's it.
It's Yoshi.
This is also the game with Touch Fuzzy, Get Dizzy.
And that was an amazing moment in gaming history.
If you don't know what Touch Fuzzy, Get Dizzy is, I'm sure it's got to be on YouTube somewhere,
right?
Please tell me it's on you.
Hold on.
Maybe.
Touch Fuzzy.
There it is.
I can't type today.
I'm sick and there's earthquakes and I can't type.
Okay, here we go.
Touch Fuzzy, Get Dizzy.
And this is the level that's hilarious because when you would touch these big fuzzy looking
things, then your guy would just go psycho.
It was amazing.
And then he probably wouldn't do that.
See, I think this is like a speed run.
How about this one?
Touch Fuzzy, Get Stoned.
What is this?
Fucking people.
Apparently someone put in clips of Raiden DX.
Apparently.
Because that has everything to do with Super Mario Brothers.
Comments from our chat room.
Shao Ran says, that game, it kicked my ass.
I'm not afraid to admit it.
Tiger Claw said, never played this game, but it seems like Nintendo always retconned the
Mario games.
So Mario and Luigi knew about the Mushroom Kingdom since they were toddlers.
Well, if they were that young, they wouldn't have remembered it.
Salacious Pops says, I thought it had some kind of new chip in it that they debuted with
the game.
Yes, it was the FX2 chip, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was the Super FX2.
Yeah.
It made it a bitch to emulate for a long time, I remember.
That was one of the prized emulated games when it finally happened.
Well, believe it or not, we are reaching the end of our show, and the part where we're
going to open up the Skype line to your calls, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is
Orange Lounge Radio.
The phone lines are open.
We're taking calls right now.
It is a short show tonight, because as you can tell, we're a little bit sick and out
of it tonight.
So yeah, we're going to make it a short night here.
So go ahead and give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge
Radio.
This is the part of the show where I'd ask Loki for any last-minute stories, but I'm
guessing Darsagra?
Does she have any last-minute stories?
I don't have anything.
Her last-minute story is Benadryl.
That is her last-minute stories.
So we're just going to wait for the phone to ring here, because I don't have anything
either.
Damn it, call us, people!
Next week, Loki should be back, and hopefully he won't be sick.
We'll be fresh from my birthday beer pot look.
Yes.
Hopefully I'll be feeling better.
I'm having a beer pot look for my birthday.
It's going to be awesome.
I'm coming.
It's going to be fun.
So soon?
Shut up.
You know something we ought to look into for the show, by the way?
Last night at the show, at Rocky, somebody had this app on their iPhone 3GS that was
a Ustream app, so you could actually stream video from your iPhone.
So you might want to look into that for your phone, to see if we can do webcam again with
your iPhone.
And you could be the camera woman on the show.
Maybe.
It's going to be fun.
We'll see.
Is no one calling in?
Nothing's happening?
If you want to call in and share a story with us, you can.
I don't mind.
AlphaKananogram says I should leave a drunk voicemail from the beer pot look.
I'll probably have to drive, so I don't think that'll be happening, because I'm a good boy.
Some callers are saying that they get the voicemail when they call.
Well, nothing is ringing through, so keep trying, folks.
Hey, DarkTetsuya is probably calling in trying to talk about WonderCon.
Did you know that happened this weekend, WonderCon?
A big, big convention that happened in San Francisco over the weekend.
Was a huge deal.
I think it's like the second biggest comic book convention, only next to Comic-Con.
And yeah, it was going on in San Francisco this weekend.
Sadly, I couldn't go.
I was in San Francisco, but I'm still so sick, and I was kind of conned out, which is all
so bad.
You know what, I'm gonna restart Skype, just in case something is going wrong with the
Skypey thing.
Let me just quit, quit, quit.
I'm gonna quit, and I'm gonna reboot Skype, and we'll see if we get a call.
Of course, I have to log in, because I don't ever save the password.
And it is Easter, so it's a little bit slower of a night anyway, so we might not get a lot
of calls.
Bobby apparently had no calls on his show.
I thought he had at least one.
He had at least one.
Somebody said they were trying to call, but they got a busy signal, so I thought, okay,
let's restart Skype and see what happens.
It's my mom.
She did something.
My mother, when she told all the listeners to go outside, basically.
She grounded Skype.
She did.
She put Skype on time out.
So let's see what happens.
Skype line is open 1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
Give us a call.
And BlackWolf said he did have one call, but it was an echo chamber, so it must have been
something going on there.
Any exciting plans for your week, DarkSakura, besides the beer potluck?
Maybe...
I don't know.
Probably doing homework, really.
Good times.
Nonstop party for you, DarkSakura.
What are you studying these days?
What are you gonna be when you grow up?
Hopefully a designer, which I'm already doing now, but I'm working on a website for my DreamMover
class.
Thank God, we're getting a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Yar had his revenge.
Hi, Bobby.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Your Skype works, by the way.
Yeah, that's good to know.
Thanks, Bobby.
No, I'm glad you called, because we're always on your show, so it's only fair that you come
on to ours.
That means you've actually been listening to this trainwreck of a show tonight.
I'm so sorry.
It's been fun.
It's been very interesting, that's for sure.
What kind of games have you been playing this week besides Yar's revenge, obviously?
Astro Smash.
And no, I've been playing Final Fantasy 13 as the real game, quote unquote, that I've
been playing.
How far are you into that game at this point?
I am on Chapter 10, so if I was on the Xbox 360, I would have just put in Disc 3.
Wow, you are way past me, because I think I'm on Chapter 9.
That's the best place to farm Gil.
That's the airship, right?
No.
Actually, no.
I'm way back then.
I'm like maybe Chapter 7.
I'm in Palimporum, and I got to Hope's dad.
I'm not trying to spoil too much.
That's where I quit.
I got Hope's dad in the little emo scene with that, and then I stopped right after that.
That's where I'm at.
That's the best place to farm money, because all those soldiers drop those credit chips
and incentive chips, and those give 500 Gil and 2500 Gil each.
I'm going to remember that.
So when I'm on the airship, I should farm a crap ton of Gil.
Yes.
Pro tip.
I like that.
Good tip.
Any games that you're looking forward to that are coming out in the near future, Bobby?
Not really.
Not in the near future.
April is kind of a slow month all of a sudden.
I guess things are going to pick up once the Crackdowns and the Red Dead Redemptions and
all that start coming out.
E3.
Are you doing E3 this year?
I'm hoping to go to E3.
I did finally get my tax return, so I can finally start booking things, because I couldn't
go to PAX East because I decided buying a house was more important.
Well, yeah.
Priorities.
Priorities.
But I'm still a renter, so I had that disposable income that you needed.
But yeah, I'm definitely going to E3.
I'm making it happen.
Have you guys talked about the blur beta at all?
A little bit.
I have played it.
What do you want to say about it?
I still haven't figured out if it's...
I call it...
I say it's insane.
I haven't figured out if it's insanely good or insanely bad yet.
Why is that?
What makes the game insane?
Well, it's Mario Kart meets Need for Speed.
Which is a great idea.
That's basically what the game is.
It depends on the map that you're playing, if it's fair or not, if you're not extremely
good at it, or know all the sight lines and all that stuff.
And what sucks is that I'm only good at one map, and that's the one map nobody chooses.
But it is fun.
It's actually a game I don't mind playing with random people, because I just don't listen
to them.
I don't either.
I just don't turn on my headset when I'm playing that game.
Do you think you'll pick up the full version when it comes out?
I will at least rent it, because I want to see how the single player is.
I'm still looking forward to Split Second.
But what worries me about Split Second is that I don't want...
Because I loved full auto, because the demo I played at E3 was amazing.
It was awesome.
It was great.
Then I got the game, and I didn't like it all that much.
I know Loki did, but he's not there.
But I'm afraid Split Second made an amazing demo, and the rest of the game won't live
up to it.
And I'm really afraid of that.
Well, you know what's interesting is that they were parading Split Second around PAX
East, and it looks like they brought the same damn booth to PAX East that they had at E3,
although it was configured differently for the space.
I think it was the same demo, too.
I can't say that with 100% certainty, because I don't remember that far back, but I think
it was the same darn demo that we had at E3.
So it's interesting that this game is still not out.
At the airport or something, where the control tower's crashing around you and stuff.
It seemed like it.
I mean, I honestly didn't really play it again.
I watched for a little bit, and it just seemed the same to me.
It looked like I was looking at the same thing.
But I don't pick out a lot of those little graphical things and things like that.
I mean, imagine it has to be a newer version, but it was probably the same stages or something.
Not really.
I mean, because I guess looking from a game developer point of view, they're not gonna
spend too much more resources just to show kids at PAX East.
Because the PAX demo at PAX Prime was the same as the E3 demo.
So it's very possible that they just, instead of spending the money making a new demo, they're
trying to get the game out in time.
Because I think it's supposed to come out before E3, so they're not gonna spend time
making a new E3 demo, unless it gets pushed back again.
But I can't see them for PAX East, unfortunately.
I can't see them spending all that time making a new demo when they have a perfectly good
one from E3 that is impressive.
That's true.
And probably a lot of people that were at that expo had never played it before, because
it was a totally different crowd.
Well Bobby, anything else on your mind before we try to go back and see if we get any other
calls tonight?
Or maybe it'll just be you, who knows?
Yarr.
I'm gonna work on that this week, Bobby.
Like I told you on your show, I've never been better at Yarr's Revenge in my life until
you inspired me to kick your butt.
And you haven't kicked it yet.
I'm trying.
I've one-upped you a couple times.
I've made you work.
You have to admit that.
I made you work.
Yes, you did.
Alright, there you go.
There it is.
And then you bow down and go home.
Alright, shut up.
Alright.
Somebody else call in.
Don't make it just me.
Alright, have a good one, Bobby.
See ya.
Alright, so we know it works.
Bobby got through, at least the Skypline works.
We know that much.
I know it calls out okay.
We called my mommy earlier.
877-K-M-O-L-R, username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio.
I'm starting to feel like really headachy, so I don't know how much longer we can keep
this show going.
But we're gonna try to get at least one more call in on our Skypline.
And then we're gonna wrap up the show.
We will be back next week with an all-new edition of OrangeLawnsRadio, of course.
Same bat time, same bat channel.
I think I mentioned it a minute ago, but I should make sure to plug this, because after
all we do steal the man's bandwidth every week.
Our old putty, putty, our old putty, putty, silly putty.
Our old buddy, Scott Rubin, who hosts, he's kind of the grand poopa, if you will, of all
games radio.
He is starting his own little show, but it's actually a big show, at Appaday.tv, and he's
reunited with Diane Miyazoda.
It's like G4, back when they were cool.
Hey, we're getting a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
Uh, this is Henderson Mann.
Well, hi, Henderson Mann.
How are you?
Oh, I'm doing alright.
Welcome to the show.
Yeah, I've been a long time listener.
I've probably listened for, like, the last two years.
In fact, it was your show that introduced me to all games radio years ago, and now I
have my own live show on Saturdays on all games.
What is your show?
Distributed Failure, where you come on at 3 p.m. Pacific time on Saturdays.
I have heard of that program.
Congratulations.
That is awesome.
So make sure Scott knows that.
That's good.
People have heard of us.
That's awesome.
Well, what is on your mind, my friend?
What do we do with a phone call tonight?
I just wanted to say, you know, you guys look like you're having trouble with Skype, and
I just wanted to call in and say hey and tell you guys I'm a long time listener, and I did
finish Final Fantasy XIII, which I thought was decent, but I still think it's low on
the totem pole of Final Fantasy games.
Not as low as VIII.
I think VIII is the worst Final Fantasy game ever created.
You and I can agree on at least one thing, that's for sure.
I didn't care much for VII either, but I did love IX.
I think IX is one of the best, at least it's the best one on the PS1 era.
I would rather level a character from I through VII on Final Fantasy XI than play five more
minutes of Final Fantasy VIII.
I even bought the PSN version to try to go back and finish it, because it's like one
of the only ones I've never finished, and I couldn't do it.
I still couldn't get to my first disc.
What made me mad originally when I played it is I got to a section of the game, and
it's kind of spoiler-ish, but not really, because basically...
There's only a six-month moratorium on spoilers, and it's passed, so spoil away.
Okay.
Your female character that's supposed to be your girlfriend in the game, I can't think
of her name right now, but there's a section of the game where you go to a location because
she gets taken, and when she gets taken, she's in this tower where all the enemies are level
one, and you're supposed to have a special summons or whatever that can raise the levels
so you can gain levels.
Well, I got stuck at a boss there and couldn't get past the boss, because the boss was too
tough, but I couldn't gain any levels because everything was level one.
I tried to leave, and it wouldn't let you leave, so I got stuck in this endless loop,
and I just eventually couldn't do anything, so I just quit playing the game.
Stupid-ass system in that game.
Just a dumb-ass system.
I mean, the whole weapon system was ridiculous, where you had to go around finding these items
to upgrade your weapons, so basically every battle in that game ended up being, oh, I'll
just summon this monster that takes forever to watch all of its animation.
Wonderful story, though.
I will say this.
Final Fantasy VIII had a great story.
They should have just made it the movie, honestly.
They should have just made it the movie.
Oh, well.
I did have a great story, but yeah, that was the gameplay ruined that game so, so much,
and I try to go back to it on PSP, and it actually looks decent on PSP, which is amazing
because, you know, it is a PlayStation 1 game, but that smaller screen and everything being
so compact, it does make the graphics stand out.
Even Yars' Revenge looks awesome on my LCD monitor, like, you know, there's just a certain,
there's just something to it that we didn't have back in, you know, the, back in the day
of gaming.
I attempted to play that game because I remember playing that game when I was like five and
six years old, dude, and I just remember you go in that little middle section and the bullets
wouldn't hurt you and all that, but man, it's, I picked up Adventure on there, but I haven't
tried it yet.
I just, I had to pick it up because, you know, it's Adventure, and then I also picked up
Crystal Castle, which is kind of hard to control on that.
Yeah, because, you know, that game needs a trackball, not a analog stick.
I can't imagine that that.
I haven't played that one yet, I'll be honest, I've kind of avoided it because I know it's
can't control that well, but I just, I worry about the whole trackball versus analog stick.
But Yars' Revenge, seriously, best five bucks I've spent on Xbox Live in the past, like,
six months.
I may have to pick that one up then, I've been looking for something, I think I also
picked up Kicker or Shailen Road or whatever it's called, that's, that wasn't too bad.
I really hope they bring out some better arcade games, I mean, I am disappointed they're waiting
until after April or, like, the middle of April or end of April to bring anything else
out, I think that's really killing the momentum of the people that really like Game Room.
Well, it'll be here before you know it, and my hope is, is that there'll be, like, a couple
huge games that come out, like, you know, BurgerTime, I'm just kidding, but, you know,
something like really huge, or like-
Oh, I would love some BurgerTime, dude, I would love BurgerTime.
Like a 90s era game, or something to just, like, really, like, knock people off their
feet for a minute, like, something like, I don't know, like, like, I don't know, like,
NARC or something, well, no, I guess Midway Games are-
Bad dudes!
We need bad dudes!
Okay, bad dudes.
So, Bad Dudes comes out of Game Room.
Are you a bad enough dude to eat a cheeseburger with the mayor?
And then-
The president.
The president.
Yeah, the mayor was Final Fight.
That's okay, though.
Uh, and then, yeah, and then, like, that'll get a lot of eyes back on Game Room, but hopefully
they get all their stinkin' server problems figured out by that point.
Hey, did you happen to see that that Data East collection that came out on Wii, or,
I don't know if that's came out yet or not, it's got BurgerTime and Bad Dudes on there,
so that's why I'm kinda hoping it'll come to Game Room.
It does, and, um, some of the, uh, uh, uh, I believe, I haven't played it myself, but
I believe it has, like, the sequel to BurgerTime as well.
Ooh, I love me some BurgerTime, I've been tempted to try to find that.
Yeah.
So, uh, it seems like a pretty good deal, I haven't played it myself, but it'll be pretty
cool.
Oh yeah, Dartitsu's reminding me in chat, NARC is M-rated anyway, so it can't come to
Game Room.
Whatever.
Technicality.
Just turned the blood into sweat, that's, that's what they did back in my day.
Alright, Henderson, man, we're gonna let you go to try and squeeze in one more call, but
thanks so much for the call, and, uh, Distributed Failure, Distributed Fai-, I'm sick, Distributed
Failure.
Distributed Failure.
Which I am failing to say the name of correctly, but, uh, it's a lot of fun.
What did they talk about on Distributed Failure, is it a techie show, is it a game show, is
it a-
It's a game show, we talk about what we've been playing, we talk about video game news,
kinda like this, um, kinda like all games radio in the past, we have live callers and
stuff, well, nobody ever calls into our show, hardly, so, um, but, you know, it's, uh, you
can find the-
That's alright, it happens to all of us.
Alright.
Yeah, I said you can find the archives at distributedfailure.com, so, you know, if anybody
wants to listen and check it out, it's there, and we're live on Saturdays, so.
Best of luck with your show, sir.
Alrighty.
Thank you very much, guys.
Tell the crew at Distributed Failure we all said hey.
Alright, and bye, Jamie.
Alright.
Bye.
Take care.
Alright, sniffle, sniffle, let's try to get at least one more call in, I don't know, something
seems to be borked with the phone, the actual phone people, I think, are having problems
tonight, I don't know why, I saw- you all heard me call my mother.
It seemed to be working fine, so, I don't know what's up.
Your guess is as good as mine.
We'll give it just a couple more minutes for a call to come in, and if it doesn't come
in, then I'll just chalk up the phone's not working to, uh, just get another thing going
wrong today, with, between the, uh, earthquakes-
They have the plague.
The rainstorm, and the plague.
Do you think zombie Jesus did it?
Apparently Rama's trying to call in, Dartitsuya's trying to call in, I think Spaznator on Twitter
said he was gonna call in, something appears to be wrong with the phone line itself, I
don't know what it is, like, watch, I bet if I call, like, I don't know, like, watch,
I'm gonna call my cell, right now, and it's calling.
And there, my phone's ringing, there it is, it's working.
I don't know, the phone's, uh, stupid, it's the earthquakes, just blame it on the earthquakes.
Alright, well, sorry guys, I don't know what to do, I guess we're just gonna have to close
up shop for the night, and blame the earthquakes for taking down Skype tonight.
You can't always leave voicemail, send us emails as well, mail back at orangesonshredder.com,
I know Dartitsuya probably wanted to call in to talk about WonderCon, but he also did
a fabulous write-up that's available on the site, orangesloungeradio.com, if you want
to read that, he has a whole little wrap-up on WonderCon, hopefully we'll get some of
these people in next week, I'm sure Rama wanted to call in to talk about Anime Boston, I know
he was there, but sadly, Skype got earthquakes or something, I don't know what's going on.
Shauran in chat says, blame it on the rain, I will, blame it on the rain, it is definitely
time to put the nail in the coffin of this week's episode of Orange Laundrio, but hey,
if you made it this far in the show, then you rock, thank you so much for tuning in
to our show, and supporting independent podcasting, even at its lowest.
If you liked our show tonight, all we ask, tell two people about our show, we swear it'll
be better next week, when we're better again and Loki's back, although I don't know, something
tells me there's some of our fans that probably thought tonight's episode is actually pretty
cool.
DarkSakura, thanks for being here and sticking it out through the show.
I live here.
I know, do you have a final thought tonight?
My Ben and Jill's kind of working.
My final thought is, Musinex is my friend, and I'm going to go take some more right now,
have a great night everybody, we'll see you next week with another edition of Orange Laundrio
that won't be so broken, and have a plan in case of an earthquake, just saying, just saying,
and over this next week, have your earthquake plan prepared.
Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
