Orange Lounge Radio
Riverhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
PAX East has wrapped up and the gaming news we've been yearning for has arrived.
Kicking off this week was a special Nintendo Direct.
PAX brought us information on updates to Titanfall, the new Borderlands, and a new title from Harmonix.
Too much to cover in a mere 8 seconds, so stay tuned for the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio here on April the 13th, 2014 with episode 548 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, DarkSakura?
My stomach's a little upset because I ate really rich broth.
Really rich broth.
Maybe it was like really upset at something that happened over the weekend or who knows.
Actually, I gotta say this and I hope you do feel better because DarkSakura, y'all, was a real rock star for me yesterday.
We went to IKEA because I needed some furniture and you know that every time you go to IKEA, it's IRL Tetris.
Like it's IRL Tetris trying to load those boxes in your compact car.
Right? I'm gonna blast that on speakers driving through the parking lot of IKEA.
But we did it. We got that crap in my car. It was the first time I ever had to fold down the backseat ever.
Which, you know, it wasn't that hard, but it's just like one of those, wow, I did something new today.
That's the first time I squatted a shelf.
Right? And you lifted like a 54-pound shelf. I'm like, let me help, let me help. You're like, no, I am woman, hear me roar.
And you picked up that.
What was it, like 57 pounds or something like that?
Yeah, it was 57 pounds. That's the new little shelf cart thing we have in the living room.
It really wasn't that bad though, because I've gotten, where I squat, what's my squats now, at 80?
So, it wasn't that bad, but I realized that when I could lift 60, 70 over my head, that I was not squatting enough.
Well, I would not have been able to do that by myself, so I appreciate the company yesterday.
And of course, go into our chat room over at live.vogganetwork.com
because we do tape live on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vogganetwork.com.
Yes, we do.
And in our chat room, we have Brad from Pod Culture saying, IKEA meatballs tasty.
That is their slogan.
Hello, Tech Master Loki, how are you?
Fine.
We can't get through a conversation about IKEA, especially when it comes to food, without hearing from Tech Master Loki. How have you been?
I've been okay.
When was the last time you had some IKEA food?
I've never had any IKEA food.
What?
I've never been to IKEA.
What? I called the wrong person yesterday. No offense, Dark Soccer, but if he's never been.
I needed those shelves.
That's true.
I needed those drawers and my soap dispenser that I got.
Well, Loki, as I'm filling up this house with things that my apartment was not big enough for, I'm sure there will be something else.
So next time I need to go to IKEA, I'm going to call you so you can have some meatballs and check out the store.
Which, why aren't they paying us? I'm just totally pimping the shit out of that store right now.
For the record, I was singing the song as we went through the roundabout, as most of the chat room is right now.
I noticed, yeah, having 978 is singing the Jonathan Coulton IKEA song in chat right now.
Well, the Meatballs Tasty line is also from that song.
Ah, there you go. There you go.
Alright, Loki, what's new with you quickly?
I got a second week of watching the baby.
Yeah?
Good times?
Tiring.
Tiring?
Yeah.
Are you able to get the baby to drink now, okay, and feeding?
I had to syringe feed him.
Oh.
That's annoying.
Yikes.
He's lazy.
Aw, poor guy.
Hopefully in a couple months.
You should get one of those boob attachment things.
That's what I told him last week, to wear the fake boobs.
It doesn't matter what you do. You could do all sorts of tricks with this baby.
It's just not going to matter.
It's because he's smarter than the average baby.
He's smarter. Yeah, he's a smart baby.
Alright, well, we are going to shift gears a little bit here.
We are going to go right into some gaming news here, and right at the top of the show,
I know PAX East is on a lot of people's minds because, you know, it happened this weekend.
I bet a lot of you guys might be tuning into the show tonight live.
We're probably there, or if you're listening to this on the podcast feed,
you probably missed the live show because, you know, you were there at PAX East.
But us being all the way here on the West Coast, who didn't get to make it out to PAX East,
we wanted to hear about how the show went this year.
So for our kickoff topic tonight, I want to bring on to the show tonight.
Live, joining us via the Skype line from Anime Jam Session, the one and only DJ Rama S is here.
Hey, what's going on, Rob?
Hey, not much. How you doing, Rama?
Good, good. But what is this about PAX East?
We're coming back from IkeaCon.
There's a crap load of furniture in the back, and I'm holding a table with one hand.
If I'm not careful, it's going to take my head off.
Don't forget the 50 packs of Allen wrenches.
Did you really go by Ikea on your way back? That's a lie.
Twice.
Are you by yourself, or you sound like you're in a car full of people?
I am in a car full of people.
Mako John here is driving the mobile studio, and behind me is Zaku.
Hey, guys. Well, hi to the whole crew in the car. How you guys doing?
Hi, hi.
Hello, hello.
So PAX East, you guys are on your way back. In one word, Rama, how is PAX East?
Fucking phenomenal.
That's two words. You cheated.
It's hyphenated. I say it passes.
Walk us through your weekend at the con a little bit. How did things go?
You got there, and how did Friday go, and so forth. Walk us through your weekend.
Rama, you still there?
Yeah, we're here.
It might have been a dead zone as we're on 95 going back.
That's okay. Live radio, folks, and we are doing this from a car all the way to our little studio in Sacramento.
So I don't know if you heard the question, Rama, but Rama, I just wanted you to kind of walk us through your weekend a little bit.
Okay. It was really fun. The expo hall was a lot more packed.
It was a little bit harder to get swag this year. Not as much cosplay, but very popular with Mario Brothers and Bioshock for obvious reasons.
Right.
The parties were just freaking phenomenal. Seeing the Crystal Method perform live was just worth it for me.
Oh, I had no idea they were headlining the con. They were the big music guests there?
No, for the after party.
Oh, okay. So there was something else going on in Boston at the same time.
Yeah, nowadays, now what they're doing is, Friday nights and Saturday nights, they're having the Nvidia after party or the IGN after party,
or Enter Game Company here, World Bar Crawl 2014, get in when you fit in, you know.
Got it. So they don't do the official concerts anymore. It's more like go to all these cool after parties and get out of parties.
They still do it, but yeah.
I'm having a hard time hearing Zaku. I don't know what he's saying.
I said, it was, got it? I think the court's in short.
Live from the mobile studio, folks.
Alright, can you hear me now?
Yeah, barely.
Alright. I actually went to that Nvidia party, but I guess the whole crux of it is that compared to last year,
there's been a slight uptick in the number of after parties surrounding the con.
Some of which you have to travel outside of the convention center area, you know, to actually reach.
Some of which you have to like have it out. But yeah, I actually went to the Nvidia after party on Friday.
Aside from playing a bit of Titanfall, we were getting like, we only got up to like two free drinks,
and then they threw in an extra one when they moved the party up to the venue above the party.
Well, I think the best part about any convention or the after party is, I mean, that even extends to E3,
which technically isn't a convention. It's a trade show. But y'all have heard about the legendary parties at E3.
And heck, I think I was just talking on the Bobby Blackwell show before we were live.
I was talking about Gamer X and how some of the parties at that were the highlight of the show.
So, I mean, I'm not surprised at all to hear that the after parties in some ways stole the convention in a way.
Yeah. I mean, that's still typical, but you also have like, you know, a lot of people, from what I've been hearing,
a lot of people were saying that Bethesda's Wolfenstein party was pretty much the hit just on the terms of swag
and the fact that it was a 1960s theme that plays into the new version of Wolfenstein that they're releasing, the new order.
So people were encouraged to actually dress up in 1960s attire, even though that wasn't a requirement.
But from what I was gauging on social media and all other sources, people were pretty much saying that that was the best party of the weekend.
Not to throw cold water on the ACES PC Gamer party, but in terms of what you got for just showing up,
those folks were able to get a lot more swag than the PC Gamer ones, unfortunately.
Swag has been pretty much relegated to these after parties. If you actually got in and managed to get the swag, then...
That's really no different from E3.
Otherwise, the call center...
The whole swag thing is really no different from E3 or some of the other conventions that are out there,
because I know you got to go to the after parties if that's stuff you're looking for.
They give away these big bags, but there's nothing to fill them with, which I don't know if you want to blame the economy or cost saving or what have you.
And I noticed in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, SSGO and under Matt, who I know is also at PAX East,
agrees that swag was tough to acquire, at least for me. So, you know, it is what it is.
But tell us about some of the things on the convention floor over at PAX East that you guys were able to get...
Well, I mean, for my Nvidia swag bag, I managed to get at least three USB drives.
Oh, well, that's... Alright, hey, that's pretty awesome.
Where's mine? No, I'm just kidding. Alright, hey.
Rob. What? Hello?
Rob, I'll say this. This is what you should call... We're right here, bro.
PAX East should have been called this. PAX East 2014. The return of the indie motherfucker.
The most hilarious thing about that is that Rama got cut off as he was saying that,
but I imagine there's a huge delay thanks to the fact that we're beaming onto highway 95 somewhere from space.
So this is the year of the indie? The return of the indie?
The return of the indie motherfuckers. It was 85-90% indie development all over the place.
Yes, you did have Microsoft with the Xbox One sitting out there.
Ubisoft was there. 2K was there. Bethesda was there.
But there was a lot more independent publishers and developers,
and pretty much the biggest indie developer there I would say would have to be Riot Games with League of Legends.
And believe you me, you kind of want to keep your distance from that booth.
League of Legends fans are crazy.
Because it was getting to where they were fighting for swag, and I ain't fighting for swag.
Yeah, I bet. I bet. And Blizzard, well Blizzard's not really indie,
but I know Blizzard had a big weight for a lot of things they were giving away.
They were giving away beta tests for Warlords of Draenor, which a ton of people that are huge into Warcraft,
and when you're super into one game like that, as a lot of League players are,
and as a lot of Warcraft players are, I mean you will cut a bitch for swag.
I remember when we were super into DDR, I got yelled at by some girl,
because I caught a t-shirt that she wanted, and she got nasty with me,
and no, I didn't give her the shirt, I kept it for myself.
If you're going to act like that, hmm. Yeah, I got your shirt. Anyway.
No, no, no. You got your shirt.
That's right. My shirt. Anyway. I still wear that shirt, by the way.
Beatmania, yo, with my Beatmania shirt. Anyway, okay.
Rama, what were some of the games you actually got your hands on, like some things you actually got to play?
Well, before I get into that, the funny thing that you mentioned is DDR.
I don't remember the full title of the game, it was called The Order of Something.
The Order of the Necromancer.
I think you're talking about the Crypt of the Necromancer.
The Crypt of the Necromancer.
Keyboard, hmm? You played with controller, keyboard, and dance pads.
That sounds like fun. What is the game? Is it just a music game, or is it an adventure, or what?
It's an adventure, top-down, gauntlet-style crawler.
That sounds kind of awesome, actually. Did you enjoy it?
Yeah. I think the line was a little bit too long for me to enjoy it.
But, they had this one game there that's coming out, Steam, at PlayStation 4, which I may have to purchase.
It is a, I think it's called Gravenger Z. I have the pin somewhere in my bag.
But, I know Jamie will enjoy this, because it is an old-school anime-style shooter.
With the 70s-style animation, the original old-school, late 80s arcade bootloader.
It's a Galaxie.
The eye-catches says we'll be right back between every game level and so forth.
That sounds kind of awesome, actually. That sounds amazing.
Yes, it was. There were a lot of mobile games. We were busy playing.
Me and Mark were busy playing this game called Fairway Solitaire Golf, because we were trying to win $1,000 on Xbox One.
Yeah, they were having a tournament. The top three players every day of the convention.
First player got $1,000, second player got an Xbox One, and third player got an iPad.
Yes.
So, everybody was playing that just to try and get the prizes.
That probably would be $2,000.
Showing up.
Pay for my trip.
$1,000.
$1,000 cash.
Yes.
Wow.
Well, I'm assuming you didn't win, or you'd be talking to us from an airplane right now.
No, you were here, and I'm on a boat by the Lonely Island. Yeah, we decided to take a yacht back to the studio.
All right. Rama, before we let you go, what was the highlight of the whole damn thing for you guys?
Oh.
I'm going to let the others talk, because I've got to think about that one.
All right. I mean, I guess if you ... Well, I guess mostly the highlights were just like whatever they announced.
Let's see. NVIDIA basically announced Portal for the Shield, meaning that Valve for the first time is targeting Android.
Right.
That came out of left field essentially during the panel.
The head of one of the folks, execs from NVIDIA, was hosting it.
He had developers play Portal on the Shield, and the thing is the PC wasn't even streaming it.
Wasn't that on the show last week?
Yeah, they announced it last week.
They did announce it, but maybe this is the first time that you really see them embracing it in public.
Yeah, they were actually showcasing it, though.
Okay, yeah. That's cool.
So far it looks pretty good for an Android Portal.
All right.
It's almost like the original one. The second one is like harmonics.
It actually woke up pretty early just to get to the first panel of the day, which was theirs.
They announced Record Run, which is the first tablet game being released by them right now.
It's kind of like audio surf, but not really in the same artistic style, but in the actual mechanics,
where your actual iPads or iOS's library essentially drives the actual notes.
It's essentially a free-to-play game, where you basically have a certain number of songs you can add into your collection in the slots.
And the more you play it, the more you get what's called backstage passes, which is essentially the currency that you use within the game to spend it on more music slots to add more tracks from your library.
And from what they were telling me, they were this close during the keynote to announcing another title,
but at the last minute they couldn't get clearance from one of the legal hurdles that was in the way.
So they had a hold off on that, and they might announce something later on, hopefully by E3.
Well, I know we'll have more information on the harmonics game coming up a little later in the show and some of these other big announcements that I know came out of PAX East.
But yeah, getting to be there for some brand new information I'm sure is a highlight.
It's always kind of cool to be there in the room when a big bombshell is dropped, like going to a big press conference or something like that. That's awesome.
Rama, Mako-chan, what about you guys? What was the highlight?
Alright, here you go Mako.
I was actually playing two different games on the floor and absolutely loved them.
One of them, they were there last year, it's called Cupcakes and Critters.
I saw that.
And this year they had, the game itself was more developed and they were really trying to pimp it out.
And basically you're trying to save a cupcake from a bunch of roaches, but it's mind-numbing and you just sit there and kill all of these bugs.
But when you hit the cupcake, it actually smiles and laughs, so I thought that was hilarious.
The other game is going to be out shortly for 3DS, PS4, and what was the other one?
Vita.
Vita.
Vita.
It's called Blast'em Bunnies.
It's actually a shooter where you're killing really cute bunnies with carrots and pumpkins.
Onions.
Onions.
Turnips.
Everything is like motion control, so with the controller you have to actually turn the controller left and right to aim or up and down.
So it was actually really, really fun.
Huh, that sounds neat.
Alright, Rob, I guess we're to you.
Last but not least, what's your big highlight?
I got three.
Number one, number three.
As you know, I'm a hardware guy, so I went over to the Cooler Master booth and they had a contest for the typing of the dead on their mechanical keyboards.
It was fun.
I've come to the determination that I need a mechanical keyboard.
Me too, I came to that determination some time ago.
Absolutely.
Number two.
Oh crap, I can't believe I forgot that.
Anyway, if I remember I'll come back to it.
But this was my highlight.
No, no, now I remember number two.
Number two was playing Skullgirls through Steam on a Windows Surface tablet.
Huh.
That blew my mind because I didn't think a tablet like that was that powerful.
Sitting there, playing it, they had the hub connected to it, two controllers, and I'm playing through the game.
No lag, no slow down, no nothing.
I was greatly impressed.
I mean, I won't go out and get a Surface tablet, but I am impressed at the power behind this little device.
Okay.
And my number one.
Uh huh.
This is the one thing I actually got online for.
Took me about 30, 35 minutes to get into it.
I got in, I got strapped down into an Oculus Rift.
Oh, Bobby's smiling somewhere.
Tell us about your Oculus Rift experience.
I want one.
Even though Zuckerberg owns it now?
I mean, it's okay.
Granted that the front of the device is blue and has a giant Facebook logo on it, you'll get used to it.
You'll learn to like them anyway, I'm sure.
What was the Oculus experience like for you?
What did you get to play?
It was a game called Couch Night, where it was two stick video type nights and you were just fighting each other on a table.
But let me tell you, they sat me down in the chair and they put the headset on and they told me to look around to calibrate it.
I look around, I'm having a mini heart attack.
For a split second this was actual reality.
I'm like, this is what I'm looking at.
I'm sitting in a chair, not on a couch.
You plugged into the Matrix.
Yes. And the fact of the matter is that the goggles fits on top of my glasses.
And it works even better for me.
Nice. So now you're sold on the Oculus Rift after that, huh?
Yes.
Good times. Good times.
Well, Rama, Meika Chan, and Zaku, thank you guys for talking to us from the car on the way home.
Really appreciate it.
I gotta let you guys go so we can get on with the show.
But everybody listen to Anime Jam Session on Tuesday because I know at least Rama and Meika Chan will be there.
Probably, you gotta talk about PAX East, even though it's not anime.
We will. It's a PAX East show.
You gotta. You gotta talk a little more about some of that cosplay and some of the other sights and sounds.
Any quick last words before, any parting shots before we go?
Um. Sucks to be EA. Sucks to be Sony. They should have been there. They missed out.
But you know what? Let it be. I want more PAX. I want more indie gamers. I want more fun with that.
There you go. You can still have fun with nothing but indies. You're 85% indies. That's absolutely true.
Alright, buddy. Have a safe drive back. Don't do anything crazy.
Alright.
We won't.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright, live interview from a moving vehicle.
How is that for the future, you guys? Internet radio.
Thank you guys for putting up with some of those little tech hiccups there.
But, you know, such is the beauty of live radio.
Anyhow, so yes, again, Rama and Meika Chan will be on Anime Jam Session, which you can hear at the voicegeeksnetwork of voggenetwork.com, Tuesday nights at 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern.
Alright, we're going to get on with our own show here. We have some news, including some of the other things that were announced at PAX East, amongst other gaming news that happened in the industry this week.
But before we get there, we always like to start off with, how was your gaming week?
To establish a little bit of a frame of reference for where our heads are at with the gaming industry this week, especially since we weren't at PAX East.
We usually start with DarkSakura, but she stepped away for just a moment, so we're going to go ahead and start with Loki tonight. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play very much. I only played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 and just, you know, our multiplayer games.
And I'm awesome.
So, still really enjoying that.
I don't know. I played a little bit of a Unity game that someone had made called Garbage Day.
It's just kind of a silly, you know, not really a grand theft auto, it's like a sandbox game where you just, there's really no point to it yet, you just murder people.
But it sounds like a point to me!
No, here's the thing though. It's like, the game is so basic right now, there's hardly anything to it, but...
But there is murder!
But the music that they have in the background is hilarious. It's just very, like, happy...
What game is this again?
It's called Garbage Day.
Garbage Day.
It's like something some guy is making on, like, the Unity Reddit forum thing, so I got to check that out. That was kind of funny.
No Goat Simulator stories for this week?
I don't think I played that this week, actually.
What?
I haven't had a lot of time to play games, because a certain baby isn't taking naps when he's supposed to be.
Oh, right, you gotta be a dad and all that, geez.
I know, he's totally cutting into my game time. I mean, seriously.
You need baby mamas, that way mama will fix it.
But, yeah, I'm hoping to play some more stuff. I do want to get back into South Park and finish that.
I know it's not a very long game, so I want to do that.
I also have Bridge Constructor, which I got from the last Humble Bundle, and the physics in that game are absolutely fucking terrible, so that I want to play.
You like terrible physics, though.
I love it, it's hilarious. It's hilarious to see that kind of stuff happen.
Who needs the theory of gravity?
Well, it's just, like, it just doesn't work quite right. There's something off, is what's the best part about it.
I played a few video games like that. Something's just not right with the physics.
That's about it. I was hoping to pick up Titanfall in 360 this week, but I'm kind of glad I didn't, because I wouldn't have had any chance to play it.
Maybe later on, but looking forward to Wolfenstein and Watch Dogs, because they'll be the next two I want to try.
Alright, sounds good. Dark Soccer is back. She's got coffee. She's ready to go. Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was minimal.
Minimal?
Yeah. I played Animal Crossing and that's about it. Although, I did pick up a game today that I will be discussing later in the show on iOS.
And I really think all I played was Animal Crossing this week. It's just been really kind of a busy week for me at work and weirdness.
That's pretty neat, though, that a game like Animal Crossing can hold your attention after all this time.
I'm surprised you didn't pick up the Disney game that everybody's talking about this week.
The, ah, I can't remember the name of it. It's like Disney's version of Animal Crossing.
What the hell is it, Loki? You know what I'm talking about.
It's like, uh, like Magical Kingdom or something like that.
Something like that. Yeah, yeah.
No point. I've got other games I'd rather be playing.
Alright.
But, I don't know. It was kind of nice taking a little bit of a break and just going home and I was a little sick earlier this week.
But, um, so mostly it was just going home and going to bed.
And then being, ah, going out to Pinkberry with somebody who shall remain named Rob.
Delicious.
It was.
Alright.
It was a busy week.
Alright, fair enough.
Um, my gaming week, sadly, I did play a lot this week, but it was a lot of the same stuff I've been talking about on this show for weeks.
So, sadly, I don't have really anything new to review for you guys, but I will say Final Fantasy XIV is out on the Playstation 4 officially now.
Thumbs up.
The Fat Chocobo mount for the collector's edition of the game, which you also get if you had a collector's edition for PC or Playstation 3, is amazing.
It's the Fat Chocobo, which I think started in Final Fantasy IV, but you, hmm.
I didn't know about this and I have to redeem mine then.
It's waiting for you in the in-game mail when you sign in.
Yeah, they all went out this morning.
Logging in.
So when you log in, yeah, and the mount, it's so adorable.
It's like this Fat Chocobo that you ride on the back and you have on a fishing pole a little, it's a Gishaw greens, but it looks like a cabbage.
So it's like a cabbage that hangs out in front of the Fat Chocobo's mouth, so that's what makes him run.
And then when you stop, your character, like, pulls the thing up so the Chocobo can't see it.
Like, the attention to detail is great.
And then when you jump, it's fat little legs go like this.
Fat little legs fly.
It's so cute.
I'll probably be writing that instead of my quarrel. Although I like my quarrel.
So I've been playing that a little bit on PlayStation 4, a little bit on PC.
I'm finding that the mouse sensitivity on PlayStation 4 and just the sensation of playing on my larger TV as opposed to my not-so-large monitor is really throwing me.
Like, it's really throwing me for a loop.
So I have a hard time sometimes on the PlayStation, but it's gorgeous and the frames, I mean, it's just so smooth compared to my PC because I have kind of an older PC.
But that's one of the things I'm hoping to upgrade this week because some things, we got some good news.
Alan and I got some good news in the past week, so I'm hoping that I'm going to finally be able to get that new computer I've been wanting for like two years.
So that'll be good.
I was doing some live streaming as well on the PlayStation 4.
I really wish that Twitch and Sony was archiving those streams on PS4 right now.
I understand that's coming in an enhancement soon. I know we reported on that a couple weeks ago.
But unfortunately, you can't go see the archives of me playing PlayStation 4 because we have fun with that.
So, yeah. Otherwise, more Diablo 3. I think I'm up to Paragon level like 35 now.
I love the new adventure mode. It's so fun to just go and you can just, excuse me, you can just go into a game with randoms.
And I usually go on like a lower difficulty. I don't get as much experience, but it's so fast.
You just go through and you get all the rift coins and then I just kind of go explore those on my own.
And yeah, I'm having a great time with Diablo 3.
And that's pretty much been the two big games I've been playing this week.
I still touched a little bit of Final Fantasy X. I think I fired that up once.
South Park I still need to go back and beat, but you know, just a lot going on with me too.
So that does it for my gaming week and therefore all of our gaming weeks.
So let's quickly go over some housekeeping. Next week is Easter Sunday, right?
That's right.
So Loki will not be here next week because you have some family obligations, I know.
But Dark Soccer and I will still be here next week to put on a show for you guys.
Maybe a special guest if I can find one here locally in the next week to bring to the show.
So that'll all be something you guys can look forward to next week on the show.
We will still be here live. We will not take next week off.
Otherwise, I don't know any shows that we do have off.
Probably the next time we're going to have a show off is whenever Gamer X is.
Because we won't do a show that weekend because Jamie and I will be hungover.
So there you go.
Maybe.
Maybe. Alright.
Let's see. I think that does it for housekeeping so let's get into some gaming news.
Lots and lots of news this week actually coming out of PAX East and other events as well.
So Loki, take us away.
So there's talk about like kind of a changing opinion with the change of, I guess, the lead, you know, person at Xbox.
You know, remember with Don Mattrick, originally he said, you know, it was quoted, you know,
if you're backwards compatible, you're really backwards and everybody.
That's kind of like that whole we're all pissed at Microsoft because they're saying really dumb things, you know, part of that.
So now, you know, now that there's a new regime sort of thing, they're kind of looking at it like Phil Spencer is saying,
well, you know, we're looking at it right now.
There's not really a way we can do it, but it's something we'd love to see on the system.
You know, because like we've said, you know, it's hard to emulate that stuff right now.
Although I got to say it is probably somewhat possible because, I mean, homebrew wise, someone's already made an emulator for the Xbox 360.
It just doesn't work very well. But there is one out there somewhere.
So, yeah, it's something that they're looking at.
So if they can, you know, definitely support that, then, yeah, that support will be coming if it's feasible.
I feel like there, correct me if I'm wrong, Loki, based on some detail I might have missed, but I really feel like this is a whole bunch of smoke up our ass.
I don't think there is any intention of doing backwards compatibility whatsoever.
I think it's all wordsmithing to try and quell people down.
But I really don't see like if there was going to be backwards compatibility that would have been implemented or that would have been under like that would have started a long time ago to say,
boy, gee, golly, maybe that's something we should look at, you know, and we'll do that real soon.
I don't think that's the case. I don't think it's just, I mean, granted, it's, you know, better than saying, well, we're not looking at it at all.
But at the same time, I think that they would want to look at something like that because it gives them an opportunity to sell the back catalog again on Xbox One,
just like they're doing like, you know, the PlayStation Network right now selling PlayStation 2 games and PlayStation 1 games.
It does give it does give a leg up as well for what it's worth on PlayStation 4 as well, because, you know, the library is not instantly backwards compatible.
And that's something a lot of people kind of miss.
I highly doubt that if it is ever backwards compatible, that it's not going to be backwards compatible with disks.
I don't think that they'll have you put your disk in the system and have it read off that.
But it's still going to be a very long ways off. I don't even know if they're going to be able to do it.
One would think, too, if they get 360 compatibility working, then by nature they'll have original Xbox working as well,
because they sold original Xbox games on 360. At least the chunk that they had working.
I mean, you would literally be emulator to emulator. I mean, you'd be emulating twice.
But assuming they get 360 at full speed, it shouldn't matter.
But I know they sold original Xbox games on 360 and a big chunk, like, what, three quarters of the library of Xbox games worked on Xbox 360.
Like, you know, the Halo games. Just not the DDR games. I know games that were always missing.
I just don't know. I don't think it's going to happen. But it's something that they're looking at.
I don't know. I just don't think that they'll be able to do it unless they come up with some completely new way to emulate that stuff.
Not actually just raw emulating everything. They'd have to come up with a new way to play all that architecture and stuff.
Right. I don't know. I still can't help but feel like, just don't get your hopes up, you guys.
Because I think by the time they were to implement something like this, they'll have stopped making 360 games.
Yes. They're not in a big hurry to do this anyways, because they want you to buy a 360 still.
I mean, if you want to play 360 games, buy a 360. If you want to play Xbox One games, you buy an Xbox One.
They don't want you to just buy one system. But at some point, you know, they're not going to be making the Xbox 360 anymore.
They're going to stop making the Xbox 360 games. And maybe I can see them supporting Xbox 360 games for whatever the next console is.
You know, when the processors are that much more powerful.
I do see the point, though, about being able to get a 360 emulator working just so they can resell you a copy of Halo 3.
Or, you know, some of the big 360 titles. I do see that perspective. And maybe that'll be a ways down the line.
And everybody else does it. Nintendo's done it with Virtual Console. You've bought several games several times on your 3DS and your Wii and your Wii U.
And they do that with Virtual Console.
How many times have they sold you a Game Boy?
Right? Well, to be fair, the hardware at least goes through upgrades. Games don't change.
But anyway, and then PlayStation, you know, they get you to buy PS1 games you probably already owned.
Like, I bought Umjama Lamy so I could play it on my PlayStation 3 even though I had it on PlayStation 1 at one point.
You know, so. And, granted, if I could find the damn disc, I could just put that in my PlayStation 3.
But, eh, whatever. It was five bucks or something, right?
So, I'm sure Microsoft wants a piece of that type of pie, too. So that's the only reason I could see them doing it.
But I don't think it's, yeah, I don't know if that necessarily means you're going to put your 360 disc in and off it goes.
You know? We'll see.
Go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeonbuster says, sounds like he's being diplomatic about it. He's not saying no, but at the same time gives reasons why it might not even happen.
ActDeft in chat says retro compatibility equals HD remakes, maybe?
Yeah, I mean, I know we have news on at least one more of those and that seems to be the popular thing to do right now is remaking games from the last gen like we saw with Tomb Raider.
Well, yeah, that's something I see happening a lot more than just this.
Nintendo sure does it, too.
They don't actually do it a whole ton anymore. I mean, Virtual Console, maybe.
Well, yeah, but I'm thinking like Wind Waker HD and some of the Wii control games.
Yeah, new play controlling. Well, that wasn't even an upgrade. That was just straight porting.
But like, you know, I think they had some Square Enix or even Sony had a way to port like some of their games like PlayStation 2 to PlayStation 3 very easily.
So if they come up with something like that to port 360 games to, you know, Xbox One or something, it might be worth it if they can improve the visuals and make it worthwhile.
Right. All right.
Well, we'll see if they actually put their foot forward with this. Maybe something you'd see at E3? I don't know. That might be a little soon.
We're not going to see anything for backwards compatibility, I think ever on this, at least on the Xbox One. It's not going to happen.
One more thought here from our chat room and then I'm going to go to another story.
But VX Jason XV in our chat says they wouldn't build 360 compatibility to let you play an old Halo.
They'd port the old Halo or introduce Halo 3 mode to Halo 5 or something like that.
Like Halo 3 campaign in future Halos and Act F follows that up with Halo 3 DLC.
Yeah, I could see that. I could see that. Why not, instead of giving somebody that value, you know, why not convince somebody to just buy it again?
Well, that's a few years off.
It works. People do it.
Halo 2 anniversary later this year.
Yeah. Well, there's no official word on that.
It's official.
It's either official or it's not official.
It's official to the point where it's leaked out so many times it's official.
Yeah, they have an officially setting.
It's officially a poorly kept secret.
I want to actually say this.
Yeah, noobs I thought was official in Mortal Kombat 2.
But it did end up being official at some point.
Yeah, later because of people not shutting off, whatever.
Alright, let's move on. Hey, you know what? You know what is official?
And I could not be more excited.
A new civilization game. Yay!
You civ whore.
Yay!
Okay, here's the thing. It's not Civilization 6.
Frown.
But that's okay because Civ 5 is still awesome and I'm getting some mileage out of that.
It's like Civ X-Com.
Or it's Civilization Alpha Centauri, essentially, is what it is.
But here's the thing.
They don't own the Fire Access in 2K.
They don't own the rights to the Alpha Centauri name.
EA does.
So what they've announced instead is they've announced a game called Civilization Beyond Earth.
And that is the game.
They've put out a big trailer that just talks about, you know, we've built the Earth as much as we can.
What is next?
And it's essentially space.
And the vibe I'm getting from the game is that it's not like humans and aliens.
It's still like Americans, Egyptians.
I don't know if it's going to be modern.
I don't know if they would include historical.
Like, would the Egyptians be in it?
Well, I don't know. We'll see.
I guess Egypt is still a country.
Who knows? I don't know what they're going to do.
But they'll still have human civilizations in the game.
So like Americans and Russian and Chinese.
You know, probably all the United Nations powers and all that will probably be civilizations you can play in the game.
Colonizing a new world.
We don't have more details on that at this time.
My impression I'm getting from this and what I'm hearing about the game is it's this spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri.
But imagine now that a lot of things we got from Civ V, such as the hexagon grid, are now going to be in a spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri.
That sounds like where civilization beyond Earth is going.
And Black Wolf in our chatroom says,
Egyptians no longer exist is a quote I said.
That's not what I said.
But when I think about the Egyptians and civilization, I think about as they're led by ancient Egypt commanders.
And that's not going to be the case anymore.
So I think you're going to see more contemporary civilizations.
So we're not going to see Space Gandhi or anything?
You know what? Anything is possible in the future.
Who knows? Who knows?
But anyway.
Yeah, so it's going to be in space.
The cool thing is that, and again hearing some of the talk coming out of the panel and the convention, is that there's no established roadmap that they have to follow.
So if you think about it, in a game like Civilization where you have the tech tree, you know that civilizations eventually will discover the wheel, which leads to advanced cars at some point, the steam engine.
Everything kind of leads to newer technology.
But the thing about when you're talking about the future, we don't know what that technology looks like.
So they can kind of make it up.
So that's going to be kind of cool.
And they talk about how the tech tree in Civilization Beyond Earth will be a web, not a tree.
So that's going to be very interesting.
So there you go.
You will assemble your culture identity and craft your colony before exploring the new world.
There's also going to be a quest system.
And that's not something you ever saw in civilization games before.
That's going to be pretty neat.
I'm very excited to it, especially if it has Sid Meier's name on it.
I'm hoping that he is a part of the development of the game.
That would be great.
But yeah, they are saying it's going to happen this fall.
So more to come on this at E3.
Please let me get to go to E3 and see a demo of this behind closed doors, please.
I'm very excited about this.
So there you go.
Civilization Beyond Earth.
Darkstalker, what do you have for us?
Well, news out of BioWare regarding Dragon Age Inquisition.
That they are not going to be doing any DLC as far as characters are concerned.
Because of what you have to do to be able to enable new characters to be provided as DLC is that you have to put part of the content on the disc.
And because of people fussing about paying for something they already own, then they just said we're not doing DLC characters at all.
What we're giving you is what you get.
So you get nine characters.
The ones confirmed are Cassandra, who we saw in Dragon Age 2, definitely.
Iron Bull, Sera, Solas, Varric, I love Varric, and Vivienne.
So that's confirmed.
I would imagine that a decision like this could impact another series that you and I love dearly and that would be Mass Effect.
Because I think about the DLC characters for those games were largely on the disc, right?
Like Javok in Mass Effect 3 had to be on the disc.
Because you think about all the dialogue that goes with that and characters interacting with Javok, it's got to be on the disc.
Just put it on the disc, but put a significant portion of it that you download.
That way people don't bitch because they feel like they're getting a significant portion and not just a key to unlock it.
Well, about mine digitally anyway.
Well, in Mass Effect, the characters usually came with missions as well.
And I don't confess to be as up to speed on Dragon Age, but did they do a similar thing where the characters at least kind of...
You got missions and quests with it as well?
I played the first Dragon Age without any DLC.
So I'm actually playing through Dragon Age 2 again now with plenty of DLC and face hacks and all kinds of stuff.
Good times.
Because Fenris.
Of course.
There's a ship that I ship almost as hard as the Garris ship. It is the Fenris ship.
So you must be looking forward very much to this new Dragon Age game.
It better have Fenris in it.
Alright.
I sail the ship of the USS Broody Elf.
There you go.
Along with my larger boat, the USS Spiky Alien.
The pagan Jew in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com reminds us Mass Effect 2 also had Kasumi and Zaid.
They had no interaction with anybody practically.
I think most of that was on the disc too.
Or they crafted it in such a way where they didn't really interact with the others.
Kasumi you definitely use in one part of the suicide mission if you have her.
She's the best person to go through that tunnel to hit all the...
I always have Tali do that.
Okay.
I guess there are a couple characters you can use, but I always had Kasumi do that.
I always have Kasumi escort the crew back.
Gotcha.
And shoot.
Also I just love Kasumi actually. That was some great DLC.
Yeah she's a fun character.
It really was.
Especially with the Citadel stuff later on.
No she's literally one of my favorite characters in the whole series.
Oh yeah, same here.
She's great.
That and her strange addiction to going through people's panty drawer.
I was so happy to see her in 3. But anyway.
Yeah.
We could do a Mass Effect Wang podcast.
She's such a sassy bitch.
She's great.
Well I remember her. But see. The DLC wasn't just the character.
But you had that whole quest where you went into the mansion.
That was a fun one.
Yeah.
So they didn't just come with the character.
Donovan Hawk with the weird accent.
And I finally figured out what his accent was supposed to be.
Certain region of South Africa.
Ooh.
Since we brought up Mass Effect Wank, you and I.
And we can never get enough of it here on the show.
Squirt squirt squirt.
Sorry Loki, deal with it.
But I hear at PAX East this weekend.
They did like the voice actors and face actors doing the cosplay live.
And they had like an assemblence of like what.
They had Ashley's voice actors was there.
Yeah.
Kaden's.
Luciano Costa.
Yeah Luciano Costa. The face model was there.
Twerking on stage.
Drool.
In.
Drool.
Outfit.
Drool.
Hold on. Dab dab dab dab.
Let's see. Who else was there? Samara.
She's everywhere. She goes to all the conventions.
Rana. What's her name?
Yeah.
And then they had the. I did not know they got the voice actor for Thane.
Yeah.
Oh. Many people that ship The Shepherd Thane were very happy to see that.
I didn't think the mask was all that great. But it was pretty cool to see.
To see him there.
And then.
McNamar I think is her last name.
Mm hmm.
Rana. Anyway. She's cool.
I actually. Because you know I have Mass Effecting.
I reposted some of her video tutorials for doing a sorry cosplay.
Nice.
But I've been. I've been following.
The.
Delightful Mr. Costa since he created his Tumblr.
Mm hmm.
And.
He was putting up lots of.
Progress pictures about making the body dummy.
And working on the pieces of the armor and everything.
It was pretty cool.
Yeah. That guy like. He didn't.
I don't think that guy really realized the Mass Effect fandom.
Until probably after the Mass Effect 3 stuff died down a little bit.
All that controversy.
And then he was like.
Wait a minute. There's all these people that like.
He reposted Caden porn week.
Oh yeah.
There's all these people that worship Caden out there.
And I could make money off of this.
Well and then he also went in.
I could get a free trip to Boston.
Well he also went in and.
There was a.
Posted a.
Kind of a mini photo shoot meeting with the voice actor.
Who's a.
Raphael Sparge who's also on Once Upon a Time.
Mm hmm.
He's chimney cricket.
Yep.
I actually really like him.
But.
All right.
The.
That was pretty.
The too much Mass Effect wank alarm is going off here in studio and seven.
So we need to move on with some news.
Loki.
All right.
So it was inevitable that there is going to be another Disney infinity game coming at
some point.
And with that they kind of tease their first bit of information on that.
Including these that Marvel Studios is going to be adding characters to the game.
And so one of the characters that of course they show in there is Captain America.
And so Marvel characters will be coming into Disney Infinity 2.0 which I'm guessing is
coming out later this year.
So I don't know.
I guess that's just inevitable.
And I'm sure we'll see some stuff for like Star Wars stuff soon in fact actually kind
of a little Easter egg.
If you did happen to be crazy enough to buy every single character for Disney infinity
one of the items that unlocks at the very end is a light saber.
Oh geez.
They're just they're just teasing you now.
So well you would think though if they win does episode seven come out is that next year.
That's 2015 I think or set was it 15 this thing is 2015 but it's holiday right.
Yeah.
Because they had to bump back the Warcraft movie.
It's holiday.
So I think I think Disney Infinity 3.0 will bring in the Star Wars characters because
that's still a big thing.
But I wouldn't be surprised if you see a little bit of teasing just to you know because the
hype machine is going to start rolling in later this year.
The first trailer think about it the trailer for episode seven you're going to see this
Christmas think about it and it'll just be like 30 seconds of just a look just a little
bit of wonder if it's going to be like you know was episode one where people would actually
walk and just they'd go buy a ticket to the movie just to watch the trailer.
What was it like the beach or something had the preview for her who does that actually
nowadays because now they have the Internet I guess yeah and they have the Internet when
that's the one we had the Internet but you didn't have really high speed and high speed
and it was still colleges and things like that.
So to see it on the big screen you know so there's no YouTube I'm excited about not Disney
Infinity though because I already I already went down that path and not for me I'm not
I'm too old.
Now Bobby Black Wolf in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com is referencing actually
some of our coverage from E3 2013 over at vognetwork.com because remember we had the
whole thing where you could submit your questions and Bobby would ask them on the show floor
at E3 which we're really hoping comes back this year.
But anyhow one of the questions that got asked over Disney Interactive when Bobby was there
got this response.
As for other properties the game was designed specifically to be able to include properties
that haven't been thought of yet.
So Marvel and Star Wars are definite future possibilities.
Now I think that was to tease us a little bit about the last game but I think we all
knew they'd have to do something to make you want to buy 2.0 because they can't exactly
do swap force.
Oh no.
Well they've run out of everything.
Everything is on disk as far as all the assets and stuff are on disk because you have to
buy the actual characters.
Right.
There's no DLC with that.
So they've run out of stuff.
I knew that they were going to be announcing a new game soon because the last characters
came out at the beginning of this month or at the end of this month.
The last characters came out this month so yeah.
Well we'll see.
It's going to be, it'll print them more money especially if they throw Marvel characters
in there.
Dark Sakura is the allure of Marvel enough to get you to get on board with Disney Infinity?
No.
Why not?
I'm saving up for MacBook Pro.
So in other words you don't need cheap little plastic figures.
You'd rather have a good computer that you can look up pictures of cheap little plastic
figures.
To be honest I hardly have time to play the games that I have now.
And I have no interest in, if I'm going to play a Disney game I'd like for it to actually
be a good game and not just a marketing ploy for more money.
Okay.
Shots fired a little bit.
I have heard mixed things on Infinity.
I've heard some mixed things on it but some people seem to really enjoy it.
They're welcome to enjoy it all they want to.
Alright well another game that I'm sure many people will be enjoying and they're going
to enjoy it a little sooner I think than we originally thought.
Smash Brothers.
The Nintendo Direct came out for Smash Brothers.
They still did not reveal the name did they?
They did not say what the actual name is.
We've had Melee.
We've had, what was the other?
Well just Smash Brothers was the original.
So maybe this one's going to be Punch in the Face.
I don't know.
Smash Brothers Punch to the Face.
Smash Brothers Boot to the Head.
There is Smash Brothers 3DS and Smash Brothers Wii U that are both coming this year.
The 2015 delays thankfully proved to be false.
And get this, Smash Brothers 3DS will arrive in the summer.
It's going to be coming out this summer.
Because they want you to buy both versions.
Exactly and the minute I heard that I said, oh that is so fucking smart.
Because if they release the Wii U one first and then the 3DS one later, I bet a bunch
of people would buy it on Wii U but I'm not sure as many people would buy it on 3DS.
But now that they're doing it this way, you're going to have tons of people getting on the
hype with the 3DS version and then they'll also buy that Wii U version that they can
play in tournaments and stuff later on in the winter.
So that was one of the big pieces of news right there.
Those two games will not come out the same day.
They're going to be spaced out a little bit there so interesting.
Also some new characters were announced for Smash Brothers.
Yoshi was confirmed but I mean, you know, come on.
No actual new characters is all returning stuff.
Well, no.
There is one new one because there was Charizard.
Which Charizard was part of the Pokemon trainer last time but he was not his own character.
I don't think he is his own character.
I thought they were just talking about Pokemon.
Nope.
He is his own character.
Charizard is his own character as is Greninja is now his own character which is a new.
It's the Pokemon X and Y representative.
It's Froakie's fully evolved form.
So Greninja which caught a lot of people by surprise.
Some people are thinking because of Greninja's appearance this means you're not going to
be seeing any Lucario or maybe some of the other Pokemon.
Some people are thinking Jigglypuff has been cut at this point because you have these other
playable Pokemon.
What's interesting about who is showing up is who is not showing up.
Because there are still some characters we don't have confirmed.
We do not have Ness confirmed.
We do not have Captain Falcon confirmed.
Game & Watch not confirmed.
Falcon is going to be there.
I mean, come on.
It's like a staple.
But when was the last time there was an F-Zero game?
It doesn't matter.
It's kind of synonymous with, you know.
Well and hopefully Virtual Console.
You know it's also pushing Virtual Console.
Did they confirm Pit?
I don't know if they did confirm him either.
So I don't remember.
I'm sure chatters will correct me in a heartbeat if I'm wrong.
I thought that they showed Pit.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I just know I was a fan.
But yeah.
I'm curious to see what that final roster looks like because it seems like there's a
lot of characters they haven't confirmed.
And I kind of think there's still one more third party character to come.
Because we've heard the rumblings that Namco Bandai has been assisting with this, you know,
the games.
Oh good.
Great Pac-Man.
How could Pac-Man not be another character?
If Namco is truly involved, Pac-Man as a character seems like such a given.
Like it has to be a thing.
I don't know how that would work.
I've never thought of Pac-Man as much of a fighter like that.
They'll have him as a stupid like Pac-Man in the Ghostly Adventures character.
Yeah like the cartoon.
The cartoon or whatever.
Well, Pac-Man also shows up in the driving as well.
And you might see Inky, Binky, Pinky and Clyde making an appearance.
It would be cool if they had other characters like Dig Dug or something like that.
Oh!
Actually Dig Dug is a really good possibility.
That would be hilarious to get to pump the characters up and watch them go boom.
You know what I think they should do?
Ridge Racer car.
I know it's so out there but you know.
Ridge Racer has not been on Wii U so that would be perfect.
Ok Darktits Studio confirms that Pit is back after all.
My bad, my bad.
So there you go.
And I did like how they said that they were going to not have like some of the costume
changes or whatever for characters or that they were going to be there.
Yeah!
The Metroid Prime or Samus Zero suit will be, which is actually Metroid Zero Mission,
sorry.
It will be it's own character which is basically like they're not putting Bayonetta in the
game but they're putting that in the game.
And then they are doing Sheik.
I don't know if you say controversial but a lot of people were not expecting Sheik and
Zelda to be separated into two separate characters and that is something that's happening as
well.
Alright so I'm getting linked to the official roster of characters that is in the game.
And I guess Lucario was confirmed.
I swear Shane, I swear Shane told me that he was not in the game.
He lied to me.
Totally lied to me.
But some of the other characters of course have been confirmed for the game.
The Animal Crossing villager, the Wii Fit trainers, Rosalina, Megaman, Little Mac.
So there are some really cool new characters that have been confirmed for the game.
So and I guess Pit has been confirmed.
I want the Excitebike dude.
That would be it.
That would be it.
He fights with his motorcycle.
Or the Unir- Yeah Rob, it's Lucario.
They need to totally add the Uniracer unicycle, that'd be awesome.
Or like the Stunt Race FX character.
So many things.
Yeah they're saying it's Lucario.
Excuse, sorry, sorry Pokemon character I really don't give two shits about and don't play
in the game ever so.
Well I know they have like lots of Pokeballs now and they have the Master Pokeballs that
are in there and I just don't care.
Well and also there's kind of too many Pokemon at this point.
Like if you're going to make that many Pokemon playable character just have a freaking Pokemon
fighting game.
They tried to do that remember?
Well that's right.
I still have a copy of Stadium.
Alright well there was another Nintendo Direct this week and not just one dedicated to Smash
Brothers but Tomodachi Life also got a Nintendo Direct this week.
Now this is a series that's been out in Japan for a little while but Nintendo has said they're
going to bring more titles kind of you know globally than they have in the past and so
we're going to get Tomodachi Life in the US and Europe on June 6th.
This game was that Life Simulator game there's a little controversy about it about a year
ago or so when you were able to I guess through some type of exploit in the game have a gay
relationship because you get married in the game and you have a gay relationship in the
game and Nintendo ended up patching it out or I don't know they basically said that wasn't
supposed to happen and it kind of made them look a little bit like they didn't you know
but I think a lot was lost in translation with that I don't think necessarily Nintendo
is trying to be like anti whatever whatever but I think they were just like no no like
this was not you know something that was supposed to be happening in the game.
They could pull a DC and say no one can get married and while they're at it no completely
bash their female characters and writers.
I don't think Nintendo wants to do that I don't think you want a lot of points you know
what Tomodachi means hmm means friend oh that's nice that looked fucking weird yeah the whole
direct was a little bit insane wasn't it a little bit that's cool going to our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com Akuma JP is in our chat room and he of course is from Japan
and he says Tomodachi life was big a while but guess we got sick.
So it sounds like it was something that we're finally getting something that was big in
Japan like a few years ago but they're already over it but now we're getting their sloppy
seconds so enjoy that happened seeming happened with the wind on and then they whitewashed
it and Para Para you really want to think about it all right let's move on Dark Sakura.
Well you know we discussed about the game spy going down this was be shutting down
with player services on May 31st so there's lots of games that are going to have no multiplayer
and there are 800 different developers and publishers that were using it including Capcom
Nintendo EA Epic Ubisoft and Konami.
So I actually a question was asked of EA if they were going to be doing anything different
for their Battlefield franchises and something came out on Twitter saying we're working on
transitioning those games after the shutdown so you'll still be able to play them and later
on put out a statement says we're working on finding a transition but we still have
technical hurdles to overcome we will make an announcement when there is news to share
so they're trying to work on a work around and redirect for servers so that they can
get their games working.
So I guess that's something good EA has done.
Yeah that's hopefully some good news to come from that that they're able to get those games
working although you know I don't know I don't know how popular but I guess if it's like
we're talking battlefield and stuff those games are still pretty popular but I would
think they'd want to shift most people to the new one but if they can get their hooks
in and get them on origin then you know they can push all those ads for the new games so
I guess that's that's incentive enough to do it try to sell people on the upgrades right.
Well I'm just glad that at least they're addressing it you know.
All right well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates let's see
what games are coming out that they might pull online support for in a year.
Loki what about here in the US?
Well I hope it's not pulled in a year but Trials Fusion they have a disc version of
the game coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and you may be wondering why should I
buy it on disc?
Well it includes a season pass with it so it's 40 bucks.
2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Conception 2 Children of the Seven Stars on 3DS and Vita and that is it.
That's it.
Slow week.
All right let's go over to Japan and we're gonna check out some of the releases over
there it doesn't look like there's anything really on PlayStation 4 Xbox One this week
because I know Final Fantasy 14 was the big release on PlayStation 4 but that just happened.
So that takes us over to the PlayStation 3 and actually it doesn't look like they have
anything this week on the PlayStation 3 there's no releases until the 24th when we get games
like Muv Luv Photon Flowers.
Muv Luv's back.
There's a new Muv Luv game coming out next week so we'll talk a little more in depth
about that next week because that's on the 24th.
But at least some of the other systems Wii U doesn't have anything this week either.
They don't have anything till next week.
How about the 3DS?
Okay the 3DS has some things.
Gaikuten, Saiban, 123, Naruhodou Selection.
You know that is right?
No I don't.
That's a Capcom.
That's um, um, um.
Oh it's Ace Attorney.
It's all your game.
Yeah.
It's Ace Attorney.
So there's a new one of those coming out?
I thought they were done with that series.
Apparently not.
Hmm.
Oh no it says selection so maybe it could be a best of or something I wonder if it's
like a compilation or something like that.
Well that is out in regular and limited edition on the 17th of April.
Also Meitante Conan Phantom Rhapsody is out this week.
Wagamama Fashion Girls Mode Yokubari Sengen Tokimiki Up comes out this week and that is
from Nintendo themselves.
I've got to know what Wagamama Fashion is here.
I guess it's, oh god, look at the box art for this game.
It's very pink and it's this girl and she's holding a purse.
That looks like the cover of every shoujo manga compilation that comes out ever.
And it looks like it is just like a fashion design game.
It's like Nintendogs but for fashion people.
And instead of dogs and cats you dress people.
Oh it even has loli style.
So that's kind of cool.
Okay I want it.
I have a birthday next weekend.
You don't want the Disney Animal Crossing game but you won't want the mama fashion.
No I want Tomodachi Life.
Alright.
That's not until June though.
Okay fine get me Disney.
Alright.
Actually I still want Bravely You to Fall but hey.
Oh I forgot that you didn't have that.
That's okay I don't have time to play anything anyway.
Make time.
Just kidding.
Alright that really does it for releases over in Japan this week so let's go to the UK.
We have some stuff.
On the 14th is Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn for PS4.
On the 15th Mac's The Curse of Brotherhood.
Pure Chess for PlayStation 4 and War of the Vikings on PC.
On the 16th we have Sly trilogy.
The 17th we have Hitman Go for iOS.
We have a 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil for Xbox 360 and PS3.
And The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing 2 for PC.
That is it.
Some folks in chat by the way telling us some more information about the Phoenix Wright
game I talked about in Japan this week.
It's Phoenix Wright 1, 2, 3.
It's a re-release with slightly better graphics because it's on the 3DS now.
Another remastering basically but this time a handheld game.
There you go.
I don't know if that is coming out over here in the states or not.
I would hope so but not everything necessarily makes it over here.
Alright just a few more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
Loki?
Alright well unfortunately Sega Europe has seen some layoffs and apparently they said
a limited number of redundancies have been removed due to a restructuring of Sega America
Sonic and Mobile divisions.
And they're saying they're in the process of consolidating certain functions of both
of those departments within Sega of America where the management and production for those
areas business reside.
And as part of the strategy a limited number of redundancies have taken effect in our European
office based in London so that's too bad.
That's never fun to hear about layoffs and you know when it's somebody cool like Sega
it makes it even harder to hear that so didn't they just go through some layoffs not that
long ago?
Well yeah I think what they're doing is because what they're probably doing is just trying
to cut the fat and so you know people have pretty much the same job position since they're
consolidating stuff.
They're just removing those I guess those workers because they don't need them.
I mean they're not releasing as many games anymore so yeah less bodies are needed.
You know but they need those bodies to who's going to make Shenmue 3?
Well they need a lot of extra bodies too because who else is going to add all the extra leg
for you know Sonic?
Right alright let's see let's talk about the PlayStation Now beta because PlayStation
Now that beta is still going on.
I haven't got to see it myself yet but some people I know are in it and I hear it doesn't
really work that great that you still get a lot of artifacting and there is a little
bit of a delay but I suppose that depends on where you are but maybe there will be some
improvements as we go to version 2.0 because version 2.0 is out and I think this is all
still under NDA but with as many people as are in this beta it's all it's all getting
out there and the news is getting out into the blogs and things like that so the update
was 42 megs and there are 19 games playable now in this new PlayStation Now beta that
includes things like Shadow of the Colossus, Dead Island, Payday the Heist, I think those
are all in the original one.
I don't remember seeing Disgaea 4 before though or Dead or Alive 5 or Mat Hazard or Earth
Defense Force Insect Armageddon so that's.
Who would play Mat Hazard?
That game was terrible.
That's when it was like oh it's a video game character and he's become like self-aware
now and he's going back and fighting all of his old, you know, old villains from different
games and stuff and it was supposed to be all cheesy and funny but it was dumb.
Well now it's worth pointing out that some games were removed from the first beta so
if you were trying to play more Ninja Gaiden 3 or Papo and Yo or Killzone 3 those games
were removed so they're mixing it around a little bit with PlayStation Now but apparently
you can still unlock trophies and things like that so that's cool.
Well you can play Puzzle Quest Galactrix too.
That's the one Puzzle Quest game that kind of flopped.
It wasn't very good.
Yeah they changed the whole formula from the match 3 and it didn't really work out the
same way it was just a different game.
Whatever happened to that series Puzzle Quest?
There was one and two in Galactrix and then I mean they were out on every stinking platform
but we haven't really seen anything in that forever.
It's taking a nap.
I guess so.
Kind of sad.
Alright well let's go back to the past a little bit and check out some classic games in a
segment we call the Classic Game of the Week and yeah I used Plural tonight we're gonna
check out some classic games in tonight's segment because Dark Sakura when she dives
into the vault and finds a game that she thinks hey you should be playing this this week she
does things her way and if she wants to do more than one game she's gonna fucking do
it.
Well I'm doing a trilogy they're all related to each other although the one I wanted to
focus on is the last game in the series.
Alright fair enough so Dark Sakura what is the classic games of the week?
The classic games start with a particular game called Final Justice that came out in
1985 for the MSX.
It's done by Pako Fujishima who also designed the sequel game Gartic.
The game after Gartic that rounds out the trilogy is Blaster Burn which after having
played Blaster Burn it honestly is a really really really a superior game but I figured
I'd just go through a little bit of basic gameplay with Final Justice it really isn't
all that special to look at it's just kind of a fun generic little shooter but really
the whole thing to bring up for that one is the fact that it did spawn Gartic which as
we know Gartic spawned a favorite game of at least two thirds of us in the room.
Oh wait let me let me switch to the Gartic foot that was all you're gonna say on Final
Justice all right let me go to Gartic.
Yeah cause Final Justice is kind of crappy.
It was basic it was early 80s what you do okay yes Gartic.
Now a lot of this music should sound familiar if I'm gonna turn it up just a little bit.
Sound familiar?
Yeah.
Gartic is the one that spawned Gartic Gaiden which we got on the Nintendo as the guardian
legend so Gartic is a weird little game Gartic is you you're sort of like in this series
of mazes and you go and shoot enemies on the screen of all of a particular type and then
you move on to the next room and you're just sort of navigating this maze where you stop
and shoot things it really is just a weird little game through Gartic you also can buy
your power-ups like extra speed you buy different weaponry and you choose these things before
each stage so it's sort of a very non-traditional kind of shooting game and as you go through
it you can sort of see where elements that it's it puts into practice were split into
the guardian legend you know it's sort of like they combine the corridor theory with
the shooter games and you know the guardian legend I think wasn't that like the first
game I ever reviewed actually no it wasn't one of the first one but it was it was early
on because it's a long-running joke quote-unquote on the show but it's not a joke it's truth
that that was what we believe to be the finest NES game they ever made which in it was it
and it was not really critically well reviewed when it came out so one of those things that
kind of aged better than a lot of NES games did but the the thing with that is that I
think that they might have realized that they were trying to pack in too much with this
game I didn't realize the blue lander was in this game yeah it's in here I see it in
a little video this is MSX graphics so it's not you know it's not the same but still but
um but yeah you know this was a really interesting game like I said it spawned a guardian legend
for us which you know for us that's a win-win now what's really what I think the best thing
well I'm gonna say the second best thing to have come out of this trilogy is the game
called a blaster burn blaster burn is a pretty traditional shooter where this game has good
music for the record where basically it's a you just go through it's a standard shooting
game you have your power-ups and you're actually playing this ship called the gardic 2 so it
is a true I think sequel to the gardic series they're kind of you know it can it's not quite
a bullet hell it's just a standard shooter but it's fun and offered some unique features
and on top of that the music and it was really good your power-ups were fun and it just has
a lot of the fun compile you know what was it was it that that feel of a compile shooter
without falling back to some of the same old traditions that were in other compile shooting
games and as you can see I mean we've got like pretty complex backgrounds for the MSX
yeah the graphics are a big step up from even gardic considering they were both on MSX yeah
but this one was the final one that came out in that trilogy now I'll rewind a little bit
and go back to gardic because I mentioned with my what if I've been playing this week
that I had another game that I've been playing and that actually is gardic I have that on
iOS so they actually did release gardic it's 99 cents and it's the MSX game you made it
gardic it's 99 cents and it's the MSX game you move around and you shoot stuff it's it
controls okay you know about as good as anything on iOS does you know for a shooter but you
know going through these games I really find it a shame that they didn't really see the
light of day over here especially blaster burn because it's it's just a fun little shooter
so I would say anyone if you have an MSX or have access to playing MSX games this is something
that you should definitely definitely check out you know play through gardic get the roots
for the guardian legend and if you don't own the guardian legend why but I think that everyone
at least if you love a good shooting game you need to play through blaster burn all
right so there you go oh I did have the years for those by the way sure go for it final
justice came out in 1985 and gardic came out you know I'm actually missing the year for
gardic but blaster burn came out in 1990 and that was the last installment in the series
I want to say gardic was 87 because I think guardian legend was 88 or 89 so yeah but I
mean these were compile games I mean they're really great so but and anyone who has you
know an iOS device and has a dollar just go get good by gardic right now do it do it because
I said so all right well there it is your classic game of the week dark sakura picked
the final justice trilogy starting with final justice gardic and then blaster burn this
is a cool name too isn't it blaster burn and look at those boss fights it's pretty fun
all right I better close it up there because we're going to take a break and we're going
to take a break and when we come back guys there's plenty more orange lounge radio including
more news out of pax east your thoughts on remastered games are going to get to in the
foogle question of the week the emails as well the fus of the week and your phone calls
we might hear from some more people who went to pax we might might hear from some people
who have comments on other things maybe people want to give give their thoughts on the whole
smash brothers stuff and whatever god knows else I got wrong in that section talking about
the new smash brothers game but we will take a quick break we'll be back after this with
more of orange lounge radio
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on april the 13th of 2014 episode 548
of our show already in progress and in part a we talked a little bit about we got a live
report from pax east in a moving vehicle going down 95 back home also from the fantastic
rama over at anime jam session also we talked a little bit about some of the things announced
at pax east including civilization beyond earth and we're gonna talk about some of the
other things that were announced a few of them here in this segment we call rapid fire
news right loki that's correct this is kind of cool there's a brand new borderlands game
that was just announced now it's not borderlands 3 but it's borderlands the pre-sequel so that
puts it in between one and two what's kind of different about this one is it's actually
going to take place not on pandora but on one of the moons of pandora and so with that
you know there's no oxygen and you actually have to collect oxygen as well as you've you
have the ability to jump very far and you have jetpacks and stuff like that some of
the characters are going to be in it are actually characters that have been in all
the other borderlands games just kind of not necessarily cameos but they've got for example
athena which is a gladiator type class and she has like some sort of like a shield type
thing that she uses to bounce off damage and stuff and i want to say she was in one of
the expansions there i just can't remember which one but uh so they have her uh oh she
was uh she was in uh borderlands one and uh they have claptrap which got anybody that's
played uh borderlands knows who claptrap is uh he's a playable character in it also wilhelm
from borderlands 2 and nisha um so it sounds like it's gonna be pretty interesting i think
it's supposed to be coming out later this year she was nisha was i guess a sheriff of
lynchwood in borderlands 2 uh athena was a former assassin and former crimson last lance
um who was in borderlands 1 wilhelm was one of the bosses in borderlands 2 and claptrap
well he's in everything so um i don't know looks very very cool uh you're supposed to
have i guess um you're gonna be working for captain or not captain jack for handsome jack
yes captain jack that's a whole different character he'll shag anyone i mean hi captain
jack mission one don't copy that floppy i was thinking of captain jack harkness thank
you mission two go left go right go pick up the circle okay like there's like three people
listening we're gonna get that joke all right so um yeah handsome jack says who you're working
for in that it's kind of his rise to power in this um this game here so uh interesting i very
very excited to check this out whenever it comes out i'm guessing probably later this year uh then
along with that atlas is funding a game they didn't quite get kick started it's called citizens
of earth and what's kind of cool about citizens of earth is it plays very much like i guess
earthbound and um sort of a game where you recruit a bunch of people and they have like uh
you know it looked it almost reminded me of the wonderful 101 but i think it's it's not exactly
gonna play out like that but they i guess they have maybe sort of like sui coden because they
have 40 different people that you can recruit in the game um and they're saying they're even
gonna create one uh the 41st one uh for the game i guess as a contest allowing fans to um design
that character and it's uh supposed to be in development for playstation 4 vita 3ds wii u and
pc and supposed to be out in september and then this is kind of a strange crossover but you
remember that game dive kick well there's going to be a cameo from johnny gatt from the saints
rose series he's going to be a playable character in that and i guess that's supposed to be coming
i guess later on to the playstation 4 and xbox one versions more reason for people to dive and
kick yes as well as i guess the playstation 3 vita and steam ones um and of course the playstation
4 version and xbox one versions aren't out yet but i guess it was coming later on so pretty cool
um man see see that that would be well it wouldn't be exactly like saints row with the whole
um you know where you create your own characters and stuff but man playing a playable johnny gatt
saints row game would be pretty awesome though even if you couldn't create your own character
you never know they're they've got to announce something they've got to come ahead they're
gonna have something at e3 they need to reboot that series we'll see we'll see we'll see oh
all right well earlier in the show we talked about smash brothers so let's talk about the
cheap knockoff version of smash brothers playstation all-stars battle royale sorry was that was that
statement too truthful for some of you sorry well there is some news to report on playstation all
stars battle royale even though it's boop boop i don't think it's even being sold anymore it's
just right i don't know it's off shelves did they finally just give it away in playstation plus i
don't think they ever did just give it away did they i don't know well whatever here's the thing
if if you if you're a big fan of playstation all-stars battle royale first i'm really sorry
for what i said but second you're going to get a new patch uh that's going to do a hundred percent
balance tweaking lots and lots and lots of balance between that's pretty much all the patch does
uh so uh the throw system in the game has been overhauled you can manually disengage a timed
super move double jumps can no longer be changed so you can get a new patch you can get a new
double jumps can no longer be chained off of certain types of attacks and certain recovery
animations and so forth also alternate costumes for isaac and zeus which were the dlc expansion
pack the graveyard pack uh it's currently on sale through april 24th for only a dollar 99
if you missed out on these characters somehow if you you know haven't played the game in over
nine months like most people i gotta be honest i'm surprised that they had an update for this at
all because this game came out like two years ago i don't think there's really been an update
in like a year on this um could it be one of those out of the blue things could it be that they're
doing a new game but like maybe it wouldn't be you know a purchase game maybe free to play or
something yeah are they gonna are would they go up against smash brothers with a free to play game
that would be a pretty ballsy counter move especially considering the first game was kind of
well it was there i don't i don't think it was bad i don't i didn't play it but it looked fun
well it looked fun but well some of these balance issues might actually help out quite a bit
actually so i don't know hey you know what diablo 3 was saved with the patch like a year and a half
after the game came out i don't know anything is possible maybe a bit a bit of like an elitist
here but like with all like the talk of pokemon and stuff and all the new pokemon that they're
adding to smash bros it just kind of made me like yeah i don't really care you know it's just
i don't know there's a lot of nintendo stuff i just don't give a shit about yeah if we lost
ness so we can get greninja not happy sorry about it if you disagree but not happy like there was
enough damn pokemon in the game or you know char char has been in the game before come on
the pokemon trainer last time around remember you get three different pokemon why couldn't they
just bring the pokemon trainer back with three different pokemon oh it's just just not possible
for whatever reason uh let's see however in the nintendo camp there's some other games to look
forward to including nes remix 2 which looks like it's going to be all the things you loved about
nes remix 1 but this time with actually good games that we remember from the past so no more
golf an urban champion and all that crap but it looks like there's going to be some actually
pretty awesome games and there's also going to be a new 1990 nintendo world championship mode
which we talked about previously on the show but there are some more details there um super mario
brothers is one of the three games in in the mode as it was in 1990 but now it will be mario brothers
3 and dr mario will be the other games and what will happen is that you'll do three successive
score based challenges to get a total score these scores can also go over to me verse and that's
how you can you know show off your ep and all your friends and all that however you have to own the
first nes remix game to get championship mode in nes remix 2 because uh super mario brothers was
in the first game so so terrible that they can't get rad racer i know but it wasn't it wasn't an
nes game or if it wasn't it wasn't a nintendo game it was a square game squaresoft back in the day
before they did final fantasy hey you know what i'd be totally 100 fine with square bringing
rad racer back i know it would be that would be kind of awesome that would be fucking awesome
especially with the hyper realistic graphics they do in like final fantasy 13 15 and stuff uh let's
see uh some of the games to look forward to an nes remix to kid icharis kirby's adventure metroid
see the good stuff you remember from nes good times that'd be exciting too bad tetra tetra
so i don't think nintendo can make tetris games anymore that would include the old stuff i don't
know all right now uh some news has come out about a game that was cancelled at lucas arts
when that company was shuttered and uh this is kind of surprising because it was a nintendo title
for the wii u the nintendo 3ds and the original wii and that was a darth maul game it was going
to be a game all about darth maul and kind of his backstory and so forth this game was actually
i'm sorry it wasn't cancelled when lucas arts was shuttered it was cancelled in 2011
so the game never did come out uh the main character was darth maul in the game
and red fly was doing the development and uh it was going to be a multi-platform release at one
point and um nintendo didn't want to make it a first party project i guess at one point uh but
the game was supposed to explore the origin story of mal's transformation into a sith lord it was
going to be a stealth action game george lucas had actually changed the direction of the game
so sounds like did he yeah i know right that probably let's be honest that's probably what
ended up ruining you know i'm glad that you made a game about darth maul but i think jar jar binks
needs to be in this somewhere now now jar jar binks is in star tours and that's actually the
best part so there like i said things can get patched years after the fact to make them better
it happens once in a while all right dark sakura what do you have over there doesn't happen enough
you should have you can't patch my childhood rob you should have flung your meatloaf at
george lucas when you had the chance i should have well here's other things that can be flung
how about the stuff in cat lateral damage which i still want to play game of the year contender
right here well it actually did um win the people's choice in indie prototype awards
for the 2014 mass digi game challenge and so right now it actually has been announced as part
of the fire hose games accelerator slash incubation program so that means that it will get the much
needed help it does to be out there and available for more people to play also um ea sports is
resurrecting the dead they've teased their mystery fighter is bruce lee and um i didn't realize bruce
lee did ufc apparently not well they brought him back from the dead so we have zombie digital bruce
lee kicking people in the face um however if you have pre-ordered i hate that word pre-order if you
have ordered the game then you get him as a day one unlock and then last but not least um sony
has confirmed of another remaster who last of us is getting a remaster treatment for ps4
um they have a release window of summer 2014 and yeah let's say that's the list what list
of games that are being remastered oh yeah for real well this one was rumored for a long time
and then they finally came out and said it's happening and we're all like no shit you know
this makes me really happy i skipped it on playstation 3 it was one of those games i
always meant to get around and play and i never did but now i'm like oh
well see i knew all along that would happen
you know what i was gonna say uh you know kind of going back to the whole ea sports eoc thing
the game looks really good as far as like you know the presentation the visual stuff on it
i really wish that like they would just make like a good arcade style fighting game because they
have an engine that can really pull it off but you know they use it for all the simulation
boxing and ufc and i guess they tried it with def jam icon but yeah back to the ufc thing
sure because we have some comments in our chat room at live i think it's tacky i think it's
fucking tacky yeah i was like we're gonna put bruce lee in it so that we can get more money
because everyone wants to be bruce lee no it's fucking tacky everybody doesn't want to be bruce
lee i mean here's the comment in the chat at live.com tiger claw says bringing in bruce lee
in the ufc is kind of an unfair fight he will beat everyone well this is true but it's still
fucking tacky yeah you know it's like for example i put it along the same lines that they did the
audrey hetburn commercials those were it was a really cool commercial the cg was very well done
i still thought that it was kind of tacky you know using the image of a dead person to promote
you know your chocolate or your whatever you know i think that
he at least should have his own game well that's actually what dungeon buster says in our chat
room at live.vognore.com dungeon buster says bruce lee still needs a good game maybe him and
ufc might be as good as we can hope for at this point that bruce lee game for the xbox was just
um and then nemesis 47 says the bruce lee game on the super nintendo was decent ish
so i mean this isn't bruce lee's first time being adapted in a video game but i would like enter the
dragon the game i just think now you know a game dedicated to bruce lee that that would be cool
bringing back for ufc that's just tacky how about a game dedicated to brandon lee
then again oh yeah that'd be awesome then again and see this is where you want to talk tacky
let's talk about the fact they're remaking the crow excuse you no excuse all that no excuse for
that as if the sequels weren't bad enough but okay and this has been brought to my attention
to not in chat but earlier today like um dan has been talking all up and down about the
wrestlemania 2k14 which granted looks really cool it recreates like some of the classic
matches some of the people in the game they're dead however they were part of that genre they
were wrestlers you have macho man in there now ultimate warriors dead but you know i did watch
the commercial he did for the game it was pretty funny is andre the giant in there i loved him i
think andre the giants in there even if you didn't like wrestling you loved andre the giant because
you probably love the princess bride if you hate wrestling and the princess bride get out of my
world you're just that person who doesn't have fun at anything you're probably you you probably
don't like video games either so i doubt you're listening to this show to be honest
what was what was it that pat and oswalt said you're gonna hate everything and die angry
is that a song no it was it was one of his a stand-up comedy but i mean but bruce lee
did never did ufc i don't even know if he would like the concept of ufc
i mean it's different for i don't know i just i totally i think it's tacky that's me uh now
some folks agree with you in chat about the enter the dragon game but tiger claw suggests game of
death game of death would be awesome and dungeon buster says a lot of fans would love that or game
of death uh and nemesis 47 confirming that andre is in wwe 2k14 you know you know what i need to
get have a bruce lee movie night and just watch game of death and just game of death uh gamer girl
says i don't really like wrestling but i love princess bride does that count no absolutely it
counts no i said i said you you you even if you don't like wrestling you love andre the giant
because of the princess bride well how's this for funny now that we're bringing up the princess
bride what well you know how awesome julian is yes becky's son yeah he was born with an extra
thumb yeah he had six fingers on his right hand i know that's great so we can just say you know
good thing that that was taken care of or else he could go around murdering people with sword
and aniga montoya might come from and he's too young to be murdering people not until he's 14
and i know becky's listening so becky tell julian not to murder anyone until he's at least 14
and then to do it with a really pretty sword but never the guy that made the sword because then his
son will come after him and that'll be all kinds of a nightmare and i will have to just get in
between that and go no well if becky is listening hey becky hey she was listening earlier we were
talking about all the mass effect wank oh good and said she wants to be on a mass effect wank show
good good because actually which is funny because when i brought up thane earlier in the show i
thought of becky like it's that like it is like becky's thane wank is so strong i now associate
the two so thane wank well anyway see she she sells the the uss uh green lizard what was what
was i going to say i i got on a tangent about gamer girl's comment here oh yeah i don't really
like wrestling but i love princess blight here's the thing i don't obsess with wrestling but i
don't i don't even go so far to say i like wrestling but i don't hate it and i get why
people like wrestling because it soaps for men it's it is it's a testosterone version of doubt
and abby when you look at it how different are the two of them really except maggie smith doesn't
exactly maggie smith is not dropping a pile driver on the rock but god it would be so fucking awesome
if she did i love maggie smith how about a doubt and abby fighting game i want to see maggie smith
in ufc 2015 she's gonna have the purse with the brick with a brick in it better yet ben de la crme
as maggie smith let's see i want to i you know what sucks is it it's my birthday coming up and
i want to get this game for dan just so i can do create a wrestler mode okay okay there's something
i had to talk about this russell mania 2k14 that is the best feature of the game all right wrap it
up and then we're going to the frugal question yes all right well you know how the shows have
like their own storylines and everything and this rivalry with that person and and oh girl did you
hear what the rock did you know oh girl gold dust was in the gym the other day and you wouldn't
believe yeah it's that kind of stuff well you can make up your own is there a podcast where
drag queens talk about wrestling oh my god this should be a thing this should be a thing
knock down drag out wrestling oh my god and then i saw the undertaker come up and i was like oh
girl no she better don't i could not even so anyway you can loki you even you would have to
listen to this i think right you don't like wrestling or drag queens but i just thought
i don't like drag queens i just in this way i don't want to watch wrestling and i i don't
know if i'd really want to hear i mean if i had the if i had to have a choice between you know
comment you know listening to commenting from the people that actually officiate you know the
wrestling stuff or drag queens i'd probably pick drag queens that's that's that's that's a fair
that's just like would you rather watch twilight breaking dawn part one or would you rather watch
twilight breaking dawn part one with rift tracks exactly can i finish my point yes please anyway
the wrestlemania 2k14 has a create your own storyline mode and yeah becky says that julian
thinks we're very silly and she says hearts rob so back see even becky's interrupting me what the
fuck becky hi i mean hi um anyway and julian never say that at school so anyway um you can create
your own storylines you know with dialogue and everything you can have different events happen
and someone redid the did one called vince russo takes over the wwe and vince russo was the guy
who was responsible for degeneration x and all of the really just wanky era of you know early 2000s
late 90s wrestling so it's actually the funniest thing i've ever seen is the vince russo takes
over for a day because it parodies everything that's wrong with wrestling and that is the
reason to have this game is just to download vince russo's day i can't stop thinking about
drag queens commenting on wrestling i'm sorry you can actually make drag queens in wwe 2k14 yes
you know what mr peanut they made mr peanut they actually had a wrestling challenge in an episode
of rupaul's drag race now that i think about it i think it was a couple seasons ago anyway
aha someone gets it john cena versus mr peanut yes i am not the only one who has seen this
it is the funniest shit i have ever i was cracking up and normally i was like dan's watching another
game you know youtube he's not playing it he just oh my god it's mr peanut uh pretty funny dark
tetsuya in our chat says down abby wrestling hey there's our next dream game um yeah i would
support that as well our dream game down abby wrestling yes you know i liked the undertaker
better when he was in the whole biker thing now that he's gone back to the undead thing is just
so unrealistic oh and i don't understand how did the undead just come up and wrestle
but they're dead what about absolutely what about absolutely fabulous wrestling wrestling all right
we need to move on rapid fire news taking over i'm just glad somebody else's has seen what i'm
talking about are you officially done are you can you officially not even anymore unspent
then let's get to the frugal question of the week
take facebook and you take google and you slam those words together and you get frugal
and we ask a question of our fan communities over at facebook.com orange launch radio and
google.com plus orange launch radio we ask questions of our fan communities there every
week and this week is all about the remastering of games that we were mentioning a minute ago
after much speculation it was confirmed this week that the last of us is being remastered
and re-released on the playstation 4 is there a game from the last era of consoles like 360
playstation 3 we that you'd like to see remastered for the new era of consoles like the one the
playstation 4 that we do or do you think these remasterings are cash grabs whose resources could
be better spent somewhere else let's get to some of the answers tonight um actdef starting us off
with a haiku our favorite form of answer i will always read a haiku actdef says hd remakes good
but only if they offer new stuff in the game
very good very good uh scott g on google plus says left for dead 2 please you know what though
if you're gonna go for left for dead 2 why not why not hold out for a left for dead 3
would you really want a left for dead 2 remake over a left for dead 3
i mean i guess that could be said for a lot of these games though
uh let's see uh we go to redertainment who says no any re-release of a 360 ps3
game is a blatant cash grab and would make me wonder loudly why they can't just make
the new consoles backwards compatible besides i still have the previous generation of consoles
in perfect working condition and can buy games for those consoles quite expediently
that being said ask me this question again in a couple years my opinion might change
um travis h says personally i don't know if the gaming devs have ran out of ideas too lazy or not
enough funds to create new titles i think we've lived in the heyday of gaming as 30 and 40
somethings that being said a game that came out less than a year ago is nothing more than a cash
grab i'm playing through the last of us right now and have no means whatsoever to spend another 60
40 or 20 to buy it again for my playstation 4 that's right even if it was 20 bucks they can
keep it i think the playstation 3 version of the game is as beautiful as is you gotta wonder is
this game really targeted for people who only missed or who didn't own playstation 3 and missed
it completely yet they have a playstation 4 because ps4 is selling so well i don't know
let's go to some of the answers over on facebook um renee uh answers and says remastered games i'd
love to see uh bayonetta on playstation 3 no more heroes on the wii no more heroes 2 on the wii and
samba de amigo on the wii yes silly i know but it was fun but that in turn if you think about
it was a remastered game for the generation before so you would be making a copy of a copy
at that point although samba de amigo is worth it samba de amigo is a good good time uh let's see
andy r says valkyria chronicles yes that would be a great one actually uh ronnie b says i think it's
silly to remaster a game instead why not make a sequel with more improvements awesome unicorn
if a game is going to be remastered my main hope would be that it would give the game a chance that
it didn't have the first time a game that seems like a prime candidate is xenoblade chronicles
the game is a masterpiece that many people overlooked simply because they had already
moved on from the wii or because they claimed that the graphics simply were not good enough
to them that's a great candidate by the way i i actually really really agree with that answer
good job um let's see uh rod l replied and said there needs to be enough of a gap in the tech
to make the remake noticeable for example final fantasy 10 and 10 2 the last of us is too recent
to make it a valuable purchase for anyone who picked it up already that said a skyrim remake
might be awesome especially considering how broken that game was on playstation 3 and have a good
show well thank you you know most people don't sign off saying have a good show or you know hope
your day is super so thank you very much i appreciate that thought uh our buddy captain
spike from the game buoy.org podcast we love those guys over game boy and let me take this
opportunity to shout out game buoy on a happy two-year special because they hit two years
and happy episode 50 because they they're on a two episode a month production schedule
but happy episode 50 to uh captain spike and first mate slidekick yay
now captain spike says i'd kill for playstation 4 remasters of infamous one
two and festival of blood uh let's see our pal delvin from the show video game realness and
that's a really fun show if uh you want to hear some sassy commentary on video games out of
toronto video game realness is your show and delvin says remastering a game less than a year
old i.e tomb raider and now the last of us an absolute cash grab it's ridiculous just release
them all at the same time when it's so soon and i guess since i'm shouting out other podcasts i'll
shout out koopa club and ian from that show answered as well and ian says i double dipped
on tomb raider but i don't plan to on the last of us the story was great but the gameplay isn't
worth it to me to go through again i like my powerful females better anyway i want to see
final fantasy 12 get the hd treatment or for some reason skyward sword yes yes yes to final
fantasy 12 that's like the one reason i want final fantasy 10 to sell really really well is i really
want fantasy 12 to get another release and another chance because when final fantasy 12 came out like
this like right around the same time the xbox 360 did it just yeah it was lost a little bit
and that game is so good and the battle system is so good like oh my god i so agree i so agree
all right lastly nemesis 47 says i may get this on the playstation 4 given this game will have
all the ps3 dlc expansions included and it's updated for the power of the playstation 4
since the last of us is a clever and epic game and in a way it's kind of the game of year edition
as for what game i want to see updated from the last gen i'd love to see the guilty gear
franchise or even blaze blue updated in hd on the playstation 4 as long as we get new content such
as characters more story or even more content than the same game we played millions of times
maybe even a batman arkham game would be awesome on the playstation 4 as well well there's gonna
be a batman arkham game on yeah there's gonna be the new one is now on playstation 4 right so
you have that to look forward to all right so those are some of the answers from our facebook
community please visit our community to read the rest of them because there's some other answers
they're worth your time facebook.com orange lounge radio uh quickly you guys thoughts on games from
the last gen that should be updated or should they stop this practice all together final
fantasy 7 final fantasy 7 now you're going back a few generations but i suppose for final fantasy
12 you're going back a few generations as well so we should accept that answer too because it's it's
long since time i mean uh and if i'm gonna go to that same era then i'm gonna say new jumping
flash as well bring back jumping flash why not because the closest thing i have to jumping flash
is robot uh drunken robot pornography um i am gonna absolutely agree with the listener who
said xenoblade chronicles i think that's a great choice as is uh you know what again because the
game was horrifically underrated lost odyssey i want to see that redone although that will never
happen how about a lost odyssey 2 throw me a freaking bone here i need to go back and finish
that game it was first i need to find the disc for that game and then i need to go back and
do you want to borrow mine i have mine somewhere but once again also i still have to finish final
fantasy 13 the first one yeah and i kind of don't want to so but that's any that because i finish
all my final fantasy games there's not this is the first 12 12 was a long one i didn't play 12
oh shame shame what about a game for you that you would remaster um twist them all black
um you were really into that simil was really terrible yeah i hear they just try to do too
much weird stuff but like just take the older ones and make them really cool looking don't do
anything fancy just you know new new levels new characters done don't don't try to add mechs or
blimps or helicopters none of that shit made any sense just new characters new maps that's all you
have to do why don't they just realize it's all you need to do new characters new maps done
something just occurred to me i'd like to see the grandia series remade
oh like make make it have all the good music and all the cool stuff that the saturn version had
but bring everything up to date you know touch up the keep it sprite based even i don't care
i just want to see you know better music you know the music remastered the levels you know touched
up and be as expansive as it was on the saturn rather than the kind of crappy uh rendition the
playstation got and then bring out grandia 2 or if we're just going to go to fan wank here i would
love to see a version of legends of link to the past um done in the style of legends all the wind
waker but i'm not talking about like a top down game i'm talking about full 3d zelda game where
i can pan that camera around wherever i want the hint of it you get in oh that pissed me off like
what the hell this could have been this and instead you're just like ah fucking flood
the shit you know it's like i was like what the hell yeah exactly that's what i'd want to see
spoiler for a years old game uh anyhow uh the other thing i was going to say uh raginator in
chat brings up a really good point i do want to move on from this topic this is a really good
point about a very important component we're missing in the equation and raginator in chat
at live dot com says we already have final fantasy 7 and 8 on steam and i have both but
now we need to get the rest of them we are leaving pc out of the equation when we talk about these
remastering how does pc fit into all this because when you're talking about grandia my mind went to
oh yeah i played the ease uh remakes that are on steam on pc and they're really good so yeah
it was surprising we had you know the east got the remakes and not you know other games that
i mean as in the east series they're all great don't get me wrong yeah but the fighting is so
weird in that game now by today's standards like the fact is like bump bump jump i wish
they would bring the uh was it the four remake um to steam you know the one that they did with
all the extra dlc stuff that they had on we and stuff remember that i wish they would bring that
back in also the remake yeah i don't know if i want the remake of six but i like six i think
the original four remade the four remake on honestly on the psp was like the best one that's
what i'm saying yeah like that this is great all right uh let's move on we're getting we're getting
hung up a little bit on the remakes thing and we want to have time for your call so let's move on
with some more news loki all right um so this is kind of neat there's an yet another game that
harmonix is announcing and not the you know they like to do games with uh you know any sort of
rhythm based elements in there and this new one is going to be um a game called record run
it's i guess they said it's like a rhythm runner and it's coming to mobile platforms uh it sounds
a lot like the uh bit trip games but um they're saying that it's going to use i guess um your
music as a way to generate you know obstacles and stuff so kind of like bit trip meets like uh
vib ribbon or something like that um i don't know so that sounds kind of cool
uh this is the game that zaku was talking about a little bit in that phone call in the beginning
of the show right i think so yeah sounds like uh it sounds like it uh it looks to be pretty cool
and it's it's nice to see some of the other stuff harmonix is working on now now we have an idea
what life is like after rock band and uh you know well although you know this this isn't in
the show role per se but i do distinctly remember reading an article about a comment was made
that rock band and dan central are not gone that they're just they're slumbering but they're they
would like to see those games come back for the you know these new eras of consoles that we have
i think we just have to figure out what to do different and how to add how do you add to that
how to convince me to buy new peripherals all the freaking over again like if that you don't
need new peripherals for run you know dance center well if they well that's essentially you don't and
then for uh come to think of it yeah for um it was all usb on playstation 3 right so they could
technically support all that which they were they should if they were smart although some of those
were wireless so that would be kind of a no-no type thing um but if you had the wired ones i
would hope that they'd still support that stuff right i don't know all right well uh i'm looking
forward to checking that out when it comes out and uh it sounds like it's uh very affordable
yeah so all right um some interesting changes at pax east and you know i forgot to ask rama
about how that diversity lounge thing oh yeah is that the first time that they did that this year
yeah i was curious about what that was what that all entailed because i haven't seen a lot of
reports on that but i have heard about some of the other um uh things that are that were interesting
uh happening at pax east for example um there were bag search stations so every entrance into
the boston convention center you had to get your bag searched which is actually a standard security
protocol they do it at e3 as well if i remember right they do it at e3 yeah yeah and also you
know since it is in boston i mean not too long ago we have the whole boston you know bombing
things so i'm sure that they're still on edge a little close to home yeah and you know most people
are like you know they understand you know if you're going to go to a big place that there's
a lot of people you understand they do it at disneyland they do it you know they do it anywhere
there's going to be a whole lot of people uh there so there is that uh what is also interesting a
last minute request from the city was to change some of the bathrooms at the convention center
because and this was a request of the city and this is important because you know unfortunately
pax has not had the best reputation in the past with some of its you know the creators of penny
arcade and some of their views on things so it's important to note that the city requested that
because of the number of people in the building and the fact that it skews male 65 35 they had
to convert some of the restrooms so some of the women's restrooms became men's restrooms so they
changed that uh so that's what they did um and they wanted to what uh actually one of the creators
of the con was a little confused because he was like did we have problems last year no
and he actually asked if they could change six women's restrooms into gender neutral rooms that
could be used by either gender and the city actually said no about that so uh very uh
interesting uh changes at pax east so that's kind of an auto request i mean i understand i guess i
get it but some of the things i'm hearing is that because of the change some women were really
inconvenienced because they couldn't use the bathrooms closest to them they had to go clear
a clock across the floor to go to the one that wasn't converted and if i was the woman there at
the show i'd be a little bit frustrated i think i think it would be hard for me to go oh well i
understand in the moment that this convention is mostly men when i'm already feeling under yeah
exactly they're not gonna think oh the city requested that they're just gonna think oh well
they're just being dicks and they don't care about women so jamie you know i've got to ask
you your thoughts on this being the woman on our panel here do you think it was fair of the city to
ask pax east to change some of those restrooms when okay excuse mail i wasn't there i mean
well we did go to pax a few years ago so you've been to something similar yeah i
i wouldn't have changed him honestly because just in my experience we have to pee more often
i mean seriously i'm not even making up anything there i have noticed that i typically have to
pee more than my male co-workers do um so i think if they were already because the whatever the
convention center is supposed to be is set for a particular standard for average use am i correct
so then all of the restrooms should have stayed the way they were all the anime cons i've gone to
have stayed the way they were when i've gone to classic gaming expo they've stayed the way
they were when we went to pax i didn't see any bathrooms being converted there and i ran into
more guys everywhere that i cared to see you know but i'm saying you know it's
get over your male privilege um now going to other convention news real quick i wanted to
throw this out there because this was some news that was kind of late breaking today
but uh some tweets from the folks behind gamer x which is the convention that you know we've
talked a lot about on this show because i went last year and i had a great time i'm dragging
dark sakura with me this year if if loki didn't have the baby at home i'd probably make him go too
but uh we're gonna go to gamer x this year uh well they've actually come out and said on twitter
this is gonna be the last year of gamer x um which is yeah it's kind of it's it's sad i mean
i understand it from a financial perspective if they're not making money on the convention
then they're not going to continue to do the convention i get that but just from the standard
of i really liked having this convention um i'm very disappointed to see it go and wish we could
somehow stick around i think i think they're really challenged with getting the perception
out there and it's really important to know so allow me to state this explicitly for folks
gamer x is not a convention just for gay lesbian transgender you know the quilt bag the whole
spectrum gamer x is not just a place for that gamer x is a place for everybody that you know
brings light and attention to some of these you know issues and most importantly is a safe space
and a common ground for gay gamers and i'm gonna tell you that was really important to me
as a gay gamer because you know in the in the nerd community sometimes you know it's like oh
you're gay i don't understand gay people gay but you know at least not i mean it's getting better
it really i mean as opposed to when i first came out 15 years ago christ i'm dating myself but
you know as opposed to when i first came out and now it is getting a lot better and you know you
have the people that are our age and younger and a little bit older to thank for that there really
is a generational shift in the way we think and tumblr don't forget tumblr i'm not i don't really
want to thank tumblr for anything except for pornography um i i had to know the stab i will
thank tumblr for this i will thank tumblr for this this is the greatest analogy that i have seen
in answering the question well if you get a gamer x why don't we have a straighter x and the analogy
on tumblr that i saw is it's the same reason that in mario kart you don't get a blue shell when
you're in first place think about it yeah now as i was saying a minute ago another reason why i
liked gamer x is because as a gay guy believe it or not you you also face some of that again little
worse 15 years ago and it is now thanks to things like gamer x but as a gay guy it's like oh you
don't like these certain things or you don't fit into these certain molds of what you know a gay
gay person is you're a you're a nerd you can't be a nerd and gay like literally i have had eyes
rolled at me yeah i have had dates in the past that have gone bad because it came out that i
did a radio show about video games and it's like oh this guy's a bit too nerdy for me i want to
talk about you know my eye rolling is at that behavior yeah i'm sorry people the bits that
you do or do not enjoy has nothing to do with the things that you like you know what i mean
you can you can like dick and mario right it's they're not mutually exclusive um at
defton chat says i hope rob didn't read the joystick commenters because joystick ran an
article on this earlier today and of course the comment section turned into a cesspool
when usually joystick has one of the better commenting sites on the internet but you know
that's just the the rule of the internet don't read the comments i made that mistake i read the
comments you know here's the thing i how do you like it as a nerd how do you like it you know
because if you're listening to if you downloaded a podcast about video games i'm going to speculate
you're probably a bit of a nerd and you've probably had certain stereotypes thrown at you
in your life like oh you grew up in your parents basement or oh you're fat you smell you have bad
hygiene or you know you you don't know how to play sports you can't do any physical activity
right i'm sure many nerds have had those things slung at them in their lives so when i and i i
think a lot of those comments are ignorant you know it's like you don't i mean being a nerd is
is empowering its culture it's part of what i what it's part of who i am and what i enjoy and
the things the things that give me pleasure in life great stories great characters superheroes
that save the day in a very mundane society all those things are great about being a nerd right
so when i go to joystick and i read comments like well this convention was just set up so
a gay a bunch of gay guys could get together and hook up really really i go that's as fucking
ignorant as those comments i i i get as a nerd about living in my parents basement and fat etc
etc that is just as ignorant because people don't hook up at straight conventions or do i have to
get rama back on this show to talk about what goes on at anime conventions or how about on the fuck
on how about you know not even so far as anime conventions but one of the big not really big
stories but one of the troll trolling for hits stories from like last year or so about uh pax
west or whatever was the whole craigslist post for you know trying to get together or swingers
party or something from you know attendees so yeah that shit kind of happens or just the thing
that you get when you cosplay when you're a girl cosplaying and you get the guys out there thinking
that they can tell you how to pose touch you without your consent i don't let anybody touch
me i punch somebody one year this is the year i did the bike in cosplay that dan didn't like because
you too much boob and some guy tried to move my shoulder to pose me in a certain way and i just
did you know flicked out my hand and and punched him in the sternum and he left cursing quite a bit
but he left and left me alone um but uh you know if if it wasn't for people you know trying to
think everything is about a hookup we wouldn't need the cosplay does not equal consent movement
we wouldn't need to have different conventions so that people can feel safe in other environments
fucking should have nothing to do with having fun it can be fun for some people
but it should not if you want a convention about fucking go to the fulsome street fair
or better yet dory alley you'll see some things that will shock you or the back end
eye blush at some of the things i've seen out of that or the back end of the castor street
fair but then again the back end of the castor street fair is also drag queen territory and
that is the best place anyway i just want to end with this thoughts here because black wolf says
this uh the joystick comments quote e3 is for everybody herder here's the message that
unfortunately is getting lost in this internet cesspool e3 is for everybody so is gamer x
that's unfortunately the message that's being lost and e3 is not for everybody e3 is for
that's true industry people oh you want to go e3 well now fuck off yeah okay then pax is for
everybody that was able to click the button within 15 minutes you know or what have you and then but
then you hear stories about well because the city said it's too much of an imbalance between men
and women women have to walk further to get to the restroom you look at that and go is pax east
really for everybody i mean granted that was out of their control i'm not harping on them for that
but it's you know you can't look at a a thing like that and go is this really for everybody
yeah but what what it what prompted the city to make that kind of decision was it because of all
was it because of all the bad press that they had gotten before about this kind of thing or is it
because of you know because i've never ever heard a convention their politicians loki they do weird
shit i've what i've met this is the very first convention i've ever heard that had the convert
bathrooms from women to men i mean this is the first you know if they're gonna do that
then why don't they just go back and segregate them again if you wanted to solve this issue we
could do like other countries do and have all bathrooms and unisex instead of a diversity
lounge let's have a men's only smoking lounge that's what we should have right oh there's
gentlemen's clubs they already have that to be fair though a lot of women i know have a great
time at a gentleman's club when when i go out with my lady friends her gentleman's club is
actually usually towards the top of the list of good ideas to be fair i would also like to respond
to what nemesis 47 said there's nothing wrong in asking for pics it's not good or gentlemanly to
touch girls in that way well it also goes the same way for a woman don't touch a man without asking
absolutely his consent or a man to touch another man you know bumping into somebody you know
nudging somebody being friendly you know wanting to shake someone's hand that's one thing that is
you are inviting contact don't force the issue if it's not reciprocated and don't and the reason why
i think that there's a little bit more focus on doing it towards women than towards men and men
can be victimized as well that that goes without saying it happens it happens regularly and it
doesn't get reported because you know there's also this sort of masculinity thing that you know men
are expected to adhere to um as well but um going back to that i think that it's still a perception
that because you really don't see it to happen that often with male cosplayers being harassed
the way that female cosplayers are all right anyway if you have more thoughts on the subject
just in the interest of keeping these rolling along because i went i went on that tangent way
too long sorry guys sometimes when things hit a little close to home i get a little ranty
participate at orange laundry.com if you want to participate in our mailbag segment with your
further thoughts we're going to get to uh our mailbag uh from this week here very soon but
we still have a few more stories to get to first dark sakura oh yeah i do have another one don't i
um well you know we've been talking about the net neutrality thing off and on well there's a
report that came out that comcast sent a campaign contributions to every member of the senate
judiciary committee um so that means they're probably uh not going to uh get well it means
they're probably going to have more than enough support for their merger with time warner cable
um but that's also you know leading more and more towards a lot of
what's the word i'm thinking of favoritism wank you know especially but see here is
the big thing here is that basically there were so many of the people in the senate
judiciary committee who um who were there for the congressional hearing on the comcast
twc merger um but a lot of the big uh people who spoke out against it including al franken
received money from comcast uh the comcast pac gave five thousand dollars to his recount fund
in 2009 and he also um received 15 grand from comcast employees since 2009 so what we're looking
at these are the ones um for democrat side we had uh chuck schumer uh patrick leary lee he um
sheldon whitehouse chris coons dick durbin amy klow bacher diane feinstein richard blumenthal
mazy hirono and al franken and on the republican side uh oren hatch chuck grassley john corn
cornin leslie gramm jeff sessions mike lee ted cruz ted cruz is an asshole anyway and jeff flake
but i mean how can we take how can we expect any of these people who we have voted for
in our government to be impartial parties when they're all on corporate bankroll
it's one of those questions that goes a lot deeper than i think this show can even get into
but just so just so we're clear because there might be people listening to this
going well this isn't necessarily video game news why does a gamer want to care about this
because first of all you know especially going back into the net neutrality stuff
if you have say that you have someone who's a company that's not comcast say that comcast
and time warner do this big merger they also get control over you know the bandwidth they get like
exclusive rights and you're left out of the loop well you know we're leaning more towards them
trying to gain a higher market share and get closer and closer i mean i honestly see a lot
of these mergers turning awfully close to almost being a monopoly you know but
especially also with so many of our games requiring that you be online
with them being able to yoke and control what you're saying while using their product yeah
there's a big thing behind it you know there's way more than i would be able to discuss but it's
still important the people know that the people that they voted for are and you as a gamer do
have a voice and that voice is your vote you know yeah and i i realize we're a worldwide show so the
circumstances may be different in your country but the you know in in most countries that listen to
this show you know they run somewhat in a democratic process one way or another so you
know you have a voice use it make your lawmakers understand why these things are bad because
i'll tell you what the threaten of not being re-elected speaks a lot louder than some of
these financial contributions i mean there was another thing that i was reading about too about
uh yi leland yi was trying to also still propose um something about uh
donation uh campaign donations not being able to be used or not being able to accept
campation campaign donations in the form of trips gifts and you know basically what should
be bribery anyway that people are passing off as donations yet he was doing all that and far more
oh and there is more the the philippine government is actually calling for him
to stand trial oh geez so yeah dude's in hot shit right now he is in boiling vats of oily shit
ew yeah all right let's move on uh an issue that we just don't have enough time here on the show
to discuss but uh you know now we've planted the seed in your head use your voices tiger
claw did post a link to the consumerist listing them as uh that one of the worst companies in
america for 2014 uh comcast oh yeah they won they won this year i don't i don't really talk
i mean when ea won that poll for a couple years i was like who fucking cares it's some website on
the internet you know and they're little they're little tin can award but so i don't think that's
too much too big of a deal but i think it does show if nothing else i mean ea was not even i
mean i think they were a contender but they didn't even make like they didn't even get past their
first round this year you know people are really fed up with some of the ways i don't think that
necessarily speaks to comcast as a company i mean it does but i think that speaks to a lot of how
people feel that comcast needs to be better regulated well also in my job at locat i hear
from a great many of our customers who use comcast as their isp and whenever i have to say well this
is something going on with comcast like i don't want to call them i really don't want to call them
and there's you know and i have friends that work for comcast and things like that and i know you
know obviously there's a lot of good people but the problem with comcast is it's getting too big
it really is i mean that's that goes for almost any big company when companies get too big the
left hand doesn't know what the right hand's doing and that's when you get sent to 500 different
departments before you get your issue resolved and all that stuff and then they they talk about
they want to get even bigger that's that's a concern huge one that's one of the reasons that
i really super like locat which i can't really go into more detail about is that a lot of what
they've been doing they're big but they focus more on keeping it to certain things you know
it's there's a constant communication there's constant training there's constant making sure
everyone knows what the other party is doing and i wish other companies focused on that same type
of philosophy it sounds like from what you've told me about your organization as well as that
there's very clearly defined roles there are yet you dabble your fingers in other pots as
appropriate exactly that's a good way to do it my company kind of does that is a completely
different industry but we do that a little bit too and i think it helps a lot yeah and i honestly
think that ea has tried to do quite a number of things to clean up their reputation so they're
doing better all right um let's move on loki all right um so let's see they've got some new dlc
coming for uh titanfall and uh i should say the first of some dlc so it's a new map pack called
expedition it's coming in may and it includes uh some new maps including runoff swamp lands and
war games uh i know war games is supposed to take place in actually the training simulation
program that you use in the beginning of the game uh also they're saying that they're going to be
doing a free update which is going to include a new two uh two versus two last titan standing mode
as well as some other uh updates as well and hey uh rob this is actually kind of cool i mean you
remember one of my bitches about the game was that there was no private match mode well they
actually added that in so about time yeah so weren't they saying that was supposed to be in
like a week after release been a little while well it was technically in the week after release of
the 360 version so um and of course the dlc pack is going to be 999 or if you opt to go the season
pass they'll save you five bucks and it's 24.99 because they're going to be doing three different
dlc packs so i don't know i still want to get it on 360 but i haven't got a chance to yet
yeah i kind of want to pick up the game as well i think when i get that new computer i'll probably
end up getting titanfall on pc yeah pc looks really good yeah it i could get it on pc i guess
well something i could play on pc in the interim or if i'm in certain countries i could play it on
an ipad is hearthstone and some information coming out of packs east because blizzard was there
involves a an expansion of sorts to hearthstone it's not really an expansion but it's called
the curse of nox from us which uh was uh dungeon in that was one of my favorites yeah it was early
world of warcraft and they revived it for wrath of the lich king so um it's a hearthstone adventure
and what this is it's a single player mode because you know right now hearthstone i mean you do have
single player where it can be you versus the computer but there's not a lot that expands on
that so curse of nox from us a hearthstone adventure will have new cards a new game board
bosses and class specific challenges um so yeah that's something that's going to be coming to
hearthstone uh the adventure will not be available all at once and it will be over the course of five
weeks where the wings will open one by one which sounds a lot like the raid whatever has different
wings and so forth so that'll be kind of funny um in order to gain entry you're going to have
to purchase it with in-game gold or real money because our stone is free to play after all
so you gotta play a lot of in the games or you gotta use plunker down the 99 cents or 99 or
whatever the first wing of course will be free um so there you go when you complete a wing you will
get a new legendary card so you at least you have that to look forward to for actually completing
things 30 new cards will be added with curse of nox from us they will not be dungeon locked so
you can use them in decks when other game modes as well uh don't know when that's coming out
but it should be coming out simultaneously with pc mac and ipad i would assume that means later
this year once they get the ipad version of the game all hammered out we'll see so all right i
think it's time to take a trip to our mailbag because every week you guys email us at mailbag
oops excuse me participate you email our mailbag at participate at orange lounge radio dot com how
many how many weeks until i get the damn address right never never probably participate at orange
launch radio.com is the place to send your emails and dark remember we had to close the old one that
i can't get out of my mouth because uh i'm curious if i reopened it what i'd get if i'd still get
spam or if it finally is upon flushed out at this point it all bounced i don't know it'll all be in
russian well regardless you'll want to send those emails to participate at orange hundred dot com
dark soccer's gonna dive into the uh email bag and pick out her favorite emails to read tonight
to reach the participation for this week's episode of orange on radio at vog network.com
use the passphrase forest hello jamie loki and rob i like jamie the best sorry boys
oh god it's gonna be one of those emails you know who it is who can you guess
i'm trying to think of jamie fans and i'm coming up blank i would write into horde house but as
pax is going on right now by the time oh it's gamut it's getting it it would be too late i'm
sure i'm curious what you all think about blizzard's choice to announce the azeroth choppers
before the pax events have started do you think it's to pacify the player base yearning for some
kind of blizzcon information or is it a great pr stunt to get people talking about blizzard
games before the inevitable big thing that will come from a competitor either way it seems people
will have calmed down about blizzcon and the blizzard world chatter has picked up curious
about your thoughts love the show thanks for making my horrible commute so much better jamie
rocks gamut i love you we need to be friends on facebook oh god i actually don't know much about
this i've been seeing a little bit on twitter and i was just like even from like the little bits i
was seeing it sounded dumb but here's the deal i guess it's that show um what is that american
choppers or somewhere that's about motorbikes and they're actually having an alliance team and a
horde team based on world of warcraft essentially um work on new chopper designs uh so they're
going to infuse the essence of horde and alliance into each bike uh and then one chopper will reign
supreme and uh that will be voted on by world of warcraft players around the globe so it's
essentially going to be a horde versus alliance wankfest that involves motorcycles i don't this
is really like nothing to me this has nothing to do with anything i think it's kind of lame i would
rather it be like you can do bike races in game if you have the motorcycles yeah you do have the
motorcycles already in game that's cool well the bikes that they create end up in game now that's
kind of neat if that's the case but otherwise this is this is really a blip on the screen like
i don't think this has anything to do with it's it's a weird promotion to try to keep warcraft
on the tips of people's tongues honestly that's it so anyway how about less dead space there are
no more emails in the box no one loves us except gamut loves me well at least you got that you'll
always have gamut you'll always have gamut well we need more emails in future weeks so please
um send us an email participate at orange lounge radio.com so let's move on now that we're done
with the mailbag statement we're going to go to the fus of the week and we're going to get a
little bit ranty um i forgot my fus
so as you didn't admit enough you're jumping on my head
coffee cup's empty could that be the reason for your uh angst no all right uh loki your
fu of the week have you did my lingering cop from my fold um my view of the week goes to trader joe's
granola bars because they're so flipping good and addicting that i ate like a whole bunch of them
and i may have eaten so many that alan doesn't have breakfast tomorrow and i'm really sorry
but those granola bars are so good sorry about it all right let's move on we got just a couple
more stories for you guys and then um we're going to open up the skype line over at 1877 game olr
username on skype orange lounge radio so let's get to it uh loki all right um so this is kind of
sad but uh one of the artists better known for some of the classic um arcade cabinet artworks
as including pinball as well um has died python angelo um he did the artwork for joust
uh taxi fishtails uh high speed and pinbot some of those of course being pinball machines
and uh yes unfortunately he has passed away but uh i don't know pretty great artists i mean
iconic that artwork is iconic dark sakura i mean you as a designer you got to know some of this
guy's work between the pinbot and the joust i mean all those like old school 80s games is iconic
yeah well we had a pinbot for a while i mean dan went on a rampage just listening to music from
pinbot like the whole day and he's like man we should have kept our pinbot and the design was
great i mean definitely had that you know kind of heavy metal magazine type of artwork to it too
but it was really i mean especially if they were able to reuse the game design for jackpot
so he was apparently fighting cancer so yeah you know what fuck cancer it's awful all right uh
one more story's for you guys and then we're gonna get to the skype line at 1877 game olr
or a username on skype orange lounge radio
excuse me guys sorry um don't try to eat and do live radio and no alan it's not another granola
bar i promise all right um we have a story about the pioneer laser active i'm thinking dark sakura
must know this system i vaguely remember this system but not like super well but it was uh
there was a this system that was the laser active and it was a laser disc
machine basically that actually played some games um now here's the thing what they're trying to do
on this uh particular forum it's a it's a mega ld dumping project basically where they're trying
to actually get all of these games together so that they can preserve these games i don't know
if it's to be used on emulators or or what the deal is but basically trying to preserve preserve
these laser active games for the future now it should be noted that a lot of the laser active
games in japan were pornographic they don't care they don't want to preserve those games they're
saying don't bother oh what the heck that's not fair yeah the guy says i don't want him in my
house and i don't want him around my kids is that you know what loki i think you need to start the
effort to preserve the pornographic them yeah all right we need to get the porno games you know what
somebody needs to love those games too there you go in fact they even say like which games they
are virtual cameraman and angel mate dora dora paradise all right anyway but there are some
big sega games that were on the system uh road blasters uh was there hyperion uh high roller
battle you know there's there's some pretty neat stuff there so uh check that out this is all going
on on a website uh spritesmind.net if you check out their forums there so that's it's a pretty
neat preservation project and a system the dark sakura doesn't seem to have in the vault so
well it's because i never wanted one we had we've had chances to get them just no until until uh
until um until you find out that there's porno games on it i'm just kidding all right um
all right we're gonna move on to the skype line i think it is time
one eight seven seven game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio if you want to give us
a call and uh we're gonna get to the skype line right now and take some calls all right i guess
i'll go to this call first this should be interesting hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this it's ronma one more time you are already on the damn show can't you you're taking
up someone else's time that's all right what's up yeah i was unpacking stuff from the car and
mako was telling me that kotaku ran an article about hooking up hooking up at cons is what you're
supposed to do no no no no it wasn't for it thankfully it wasn't an article from the evil
k it wasn't that whole thing no it was uh some comments that we were seeing is that and we i
was talking about gamer x and i said uh there's comments out there that somebody said gamer x
the only reason it exists is because gay guys want to hook up and i said if you don't think
hooking up at any convention happens then let me get rama on here to tell you about what goes down
at anime conventions let me tell you something as many years i've gone to anime conventions
and hooking up it's a i'm surprised no female cosplay walked up to me and said you're the daddy
please you know um bobby made a comment in chat earlier that was um that was something
like if you can't get laid at dragon con you can't get laid at all that's right here and so
you know hey and that's no different from what from one of the after parties i went to last night
because here's my thing i understand that these add a lot of these after parties the male the
female ratio is off the freaking chain because rob if you were single and you were there you'd
have sworn god like i got you okay it was like that but i get that and i understand that but
the thing that gets to me the most is have these guys that go there all they do is stand there in
the corner they pick up their phone and they're like i'm at the party it is awesome geeks and
nerds most of us have no rhythm i should know i'm black and i have two left feet and i still
get out there and dance there was a mario doing his version of saturday night field with a with
a red lamade jump shirt and i got that we were dancing i don't know what the hell i was doing
and everybody was going fucking nuts i mean really um i'm looking in our chat room at live
dot vog network dot com and tiger claw and chat says i'm sure rama hooks up with other cosplayers
that's not the reason you go to these cons yeah i care to comment not anymore i'm i'm terrible i'm
just terrible today yeah you're bad that's just you get a bunch of people it doesn't even have
to be nerds you get a bunch of people in those close quarters for a few days there's going to be
some boinking there's gonna be some people that want no part of it too and that's fine but there's
gonna be there's gonna be some people that are gonna gonna get nasty that's why i have a house
rule of if there's boinking in my rooms if there is no sock on the door i will roll up in there
hey it's not my fault but if there's a sock and you hear a bang at the door you got two minutes
to finish up and believe you me most guys don't need two minutes wow all right well thank you for
uh having having your voice heard on this topic anything else you want to quickly share before i
boot you to get some more calls lime cucumber gatorade is a perfect mixer for any alcoholic
beverage i will keep that in mind i always thought it was seven up but i will keep that in
mind all right this is good take care of my friend you too all right bye
1877 game olr our username on skype orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call and we will
talk about anything that we've talked about tonight or something else maybe that we missed
that you wanted to bring up on the show we can talk about as well while we wait for some calls
i don't know loki if you have any last minute stories or even dark sakura um if you guys have
any last minute stories you want to bring up i will go to the twitter as well though i don't
think i saw a lot come through yeah yeah i think we hit on most things i'm gonna bring up the
twitter real quick we do have another call coming in though so i will go to that right now
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey this is s1 in demand hey buddy how you doing
doing all right doing all right so i'm thinking you headed out to paxies as well yeah
yeah absolutely i also know that because i you know check my twitter and i saw the pictures of
you playing oculus rift and all that how was your experience at paxies you know it was really it
was good as usual i mean i haven't had a bad experience at paxies but regardless you know i've
had a really good time so uh why don't you walk us through how your weekend went a little bit i was
asking rama this earlier why don't you tell us about your weekend well you know i i always try
to hit hit up a bunch of the games on on friday because that's kind of like the lighter day
so um a bunch of the like first thing i tried was the oculus rift which was a lot of fun which i
didn't realize until bobby mentioned on his last show that i was trying out on the dev kit too
but no they had a good uh setup there though as ron as ron said about uh couch nights
um yeah no i i uh definitely tried it a bunch of the indie games which rama also say you know
there's that actually i think got a lot more uh attention than you know like some of the big
big name boots which is good because you know so you know uh well rama was saying rama was
sorry rama was saying when he was here that at like 85 of the show was indie stuff was that
kind of your experience too um game wise yeah there was a lot there was a lot more playable
games on the indie side than there were on you know the major you know developer side i mean a
lot of the developer stuff like uh the borderlands people were there but they were showing like a
video for the prequel so i didn't even i didn't bother lining up for that but there were like a
there were a lot of good games i think i tweeted to you guys about krypton the necro dancer yeah
that was that was a lot of fun yeah i'm looking i want to try that i want to try that game out for
myself too yeah no that got a that got a huge following around it people going after it uh
there was another tiny there was another small game i tried that it's called um rollers of the
realm which is actually a pinball game that's an rpg and puzzle game so basically you know it takes
place in medieval times and you're fighting your way through uh through different levels and you
have to solve puzzles you have to defeat guys or they'll destroy your flippers so you're unable to
use it which is and it has like a nice little story to it but now i had a lot of fun with that
there there were just a lot of good indie games that were there and it's good and it's nice that
you know they got a lot of local developers there they get a lot of shit and they get a lot of uh
different types of games a lot of tablet games stuff like that um but no i heard you talking
about earlier about the diversity lounge yeah did you see it i did uh i did uh check it out um
what was it now it's just really kind it was really just like a room that had a bunch of
different groups that um were all about you know like diversity in the community um there was
uh LGBT group that kind of publishes stories as publishes graphic novels
there's a webcomic there was a there was a group similar to gamer x that you know it's for a con in
toronto very similar type of atmosphere that they were that they were promoting there was a cop
there was a college there kind of just talking with people brainstorming about
how to better the community through gaming and try to kind of get you know equal uh
and you know divert diversity and everything um then there was a group that i remember called
like press xy which is about you know trans trans trans transgender group uh you know talking about
you know the struggles of being transgender through a game kind of similar to cards against
humanity which was really neat that's that's kind of neat that they were kind of showing that off
through like a game like you know kind of i guess communicating with gamers on a level that they
would absolutely understand that's that's pretty neat yeah and yeah i actually went to the actually
went to their panel and you know it was like a very you know like a light fun atmosphere but
also was very real because you know there were a lot of you know people within you know the
industry they're also they're also transgender that you know they talk about their struggles
and everything so it was like very real very you know light-hearted
type of thing and there was also a group uh about you know uh handicap gamers oh okay oh the
is that the able gamers yeah it's able gamers yeah they had a booth you know showing off you
know some of the controllers and other things and also talk about how they basically just go to
they work with other triple-a titles they work with a lot of developers on trying to make games
more accessible for to sit for a disabled gamers there are big proponents of making sure that you
know button mapping is available keyboard mapping is available in all games that there's not really
a reason quote unquote that any of that should be locked down uh being cognizant of color blindness
and you know things like that i've i've yeah i've definitely heard of those guys before so that's
really cool that's that's yeah do you think that the message was heard from those groups do you
think that enough people were hearing the message i feel that it was because of the way that it was
initially executed the way that was initially explained kind of left a sour taste in everyone's
mouth i think you know it had a lot of good i just don't think it was executed the right way
initially i there was a lot of good in it right but i kind of feel that you know the room itself
was kind of off kind of like the beaten path i don't feel it got as much attention as it should
have but it's a start it's a start all right well um what was what was probably like your favorite
game you got to play at the whole maybe already talked about it but what was your favorite game
if not one you've already brought up well yeah well the favorite game was the
prob was probably krypton and necro dancer and and the and uh rollers of the realm right those
were like the two indie games they got they got to play and also the the oculus rift was a lot of
fun right to get my hands on it and everything so you're you're a believer in the oculus rift now
i am i am if it's at the right price but you know can't be can't be choosy the price is right the
price is right all right uh s2100 mad i'm gonna i'm gonna let let you go here so we can try to
get at least one more call in here but any other thoughts on packs east or anything else you want
to get out and share with us um on the bathroom thing um i didn't i didn't notice until you
mentioned it to tell you the truth but no i had i had a couple women in my group and they didn't
they didn't really have feel is was was an issue but you know then again i didn't really use the
bathroom at pecs because you know yeah it's also kind of one of those things where like if i know
i'm going to a convention i try to uh make sure we're all wrapped up in that department because
you know there's going to be lines and all that stuff anyway and and also you know the men and
women are both hovering yeah so so exactly i try to try to save that for emergencies only
exactly so but yeah i'll let you guys finish up and by the way jamie happy pesach thank you you
too all right uh well thank you very much matt take care buddy don't ever do it on the matza
take care guys all right uh 1877 game olr username on skype orange lounge radio if you
want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about on the show so far or something
else you don't have to have gone to a pax east to call i mean sure we love hearing from the people
that were there i mean don't get me wrong those are some great calls but but i'd like to hear from
uh i'd like to hear from uh all you guys out there 1877 game ol go game olr username on skype orange
lounge radio i do have a couple tweets to read here they aren't necessarily stories but some
comments um aj twist on twitter sent us a tweet you just saw a king commercial for candy crush
saga on tv do you believe that sadly yeah i kind of do believe that um because you know they are a
publicly traded company now and they've got to prove that they're not a one-hit wonder and in
order to get there they're going to have to make that one hit of theirs last as long as they
possibly can especially after especially how does that prove that they're not a one-hit wonder
well after some bad press that one hit game they got to keep that going so they can fund those
other games but it is a little weird i think i want to say i saw like a farmville commercial
on tv once though it's is that's that's life all right let's go to the phones hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this hey did it suck death hey buddy how you doing well yeah i didn't
go to pax east it's too far inexpensive for me to go but that's all right neither did we
we'll just sit here in the not cool kids club mope mope yeah well what's up buddy but but yeah i did
uh i did do uh an interesting thing this weekend i i saw indie game the movie oh right indie game
the movie one of the movies is available on steam yeah i actually watched it through there uh uh
first first of all i want to ask you if any of you uh if you had watched it i actually own it
and have yet to watch it unfortunately i just you know i but to be fair i hardly ever watch like any
movies um i get to the movies maybe like twice a year and then on on blu-ray i'll watch like maybe
three things although um dark soccer is gonna let me frozen and i'm very excited to see that because
i still haven't seen it because again see my comment about never getting out to the movies
eventually yeah but uh so no i didn't see any movie the game but uh and i don't know if you
guys did you see it lowkey no no yeah i don't think we did so you get you gotta tell us a
little more about it here well it's a it's a pretty interesting movie it's a it's really
entertaining to watch uh for the most part but yeah uh it definitely gave me another another
view on on phil fish and jonathan blow because yeah if if you know me uh you know my my hatred
or my despise for phil fish and i have seen you make some aggressive tweets in the past yeah
definitely though though now watching this movie uh and i really understand now how phil fish uh
feels or at least how why he acts that like that most of the time because yeah it's something
something really really uh that you see in this movie that uh at least helps you understand a bit
i still think he's a douche he's his son asshole and jonathan blow is still pretentious
but at least i understand them now at least i know uh why they do and and and why they act that
way because yeah it's and and aside from that aside from that uh the team uh also teen meat
it's uh it's a really interesting story how how they started and how how the uh the development
for super meat boy uh progresses through through all of it and it's and it's really interesting you
you even though you know how it finishes how it ends you still uh go like oh my god i want those
guys to to get through and and be happy because yeah though uh i do recommend watching the movie
it's on netflix it's set on everywhere and if you have if you have steam you can watch it through
there i i watched it through steam scene since i got the uh the special edition dlc yeah and and
also those uh those extras are really worth it are really interesting to watch too you get like
achievements and trading cards and stuff too huh yeah uh i actually got all the achievements now
that's funny uh yeah no it's it's uh definitely one of those things i gotta check out when i have
more time available in the week and it's pretty cool that it kind of gives you that additional
perspective on people that you may have kind of written off one way but it gave you that
perspective it's interesting though because a lot of times when you hear that kind of talk it's
usually like a negative thing like we hear a lot about like people that go on reality shows and
figured thought they were edited in a negative context or even i think about um
you know as far as video game documentaries go i think about the king of kong and how um you know
billy mitchell i don't think necessarily agrees with some of the ways he was edited in that way
and certainly there's a big negative perception about him because of that movie um and whether
that's right or wrong i don't know because i don't know the man personally but um it is very
interesting the power that a documentary or a a reality tv documentary or whatever can kind of
have on people so and yes and and it's a really introspective view on how indie development works
at least as a general view because yeah it's a it's a lot of work for uh from so little people
in a team and like that so yeah it's it's a it's a really interesting movie if you haven't if any of
any of the listeners having watched it uh you should again it's on netflix it's
pretty much everywhere so it's really easy to find if you want to get the esteem version it's
the special version the special edition it's it's a really great auto and i'm sorry but yeah all
right uh well act deaf anything else you want to share with us before we let you go well other
than that super smash brothers i'm excited though i do want ness captain falcon and jigglypuff to
return but i will see we'll see yeah those are those are three at the top of my list too but
if they had some really really really awesome new characters then i guess i could forgive it but
if it's more pokemon i'm gonna get a little irritated no offense to the pokemon fans but
you have enough all right thanks thanks buddy you take care yeah you too all right bye well
we'll leave that we'll leave the phones open for just a little bit longer to see if anybody else
wants to sneak through for a quick call 1877 game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio
there was actually really only one other tweet um that i wanted to address here and that was
from dr noir who emailed us last week on the show and he was he was uh promoting a game that
he really enjoyed on android and he said that he sent a tweet this week saying i just listened to
last sunday's olr episode and for the record no i'm not affiliated with or paid by touch fu who's
that company that made the game they just made a killer game no i i figured that really was the
case it's just it's just fun to give you a hard time there so all right uh again trying to sneak
in one more call if you are feeling so brave 1877 i promise we don't bite unless you ask if you want
us to we'll bite a little bit 1877 game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio if you want
to give us a call otherwise there's there's no last minute stories and nothing else to talk about
no i guess i guess got stuck on uh the david bowie animated gif subreddit is that a whole tumblr or
something it's a subreddit just a few just on there but subreddit of course i should mention
another tweet actually speaking of like time wasters um uh jamie's new bff gemit actually
sent a tweet to me and uh horde house and the olr twitters that has a link to a game uh that was
like i think it was like ie killer or something like that and like i just played it real quick
like it has to it's a whole tongue-in-cheek thing about windows xp going away it was like this little
shooter game it was a little silly but i had fun with it so all right we do have another call
coming in so let's take it and then we'll probably wrap up so hi you're on orange house radio who's
this hey guys this is nemesis 47 how you guys doing i am good hey nemesis 47 how you doing
i've been okay man uh just just uh been working on all that i did i hear you i hear you what's
on your mind buddy uh nothing much um if there's one character they output in super smash brothers
the new one they output like one character one character only the angry video game nerd that
would be pretty funny to see i mean he would he probably probably attacked with a whole bunch of
expletives and stuff like that but then nintendo probably automatically put an emory in reading in
the game yeah see now i don't know if that would necessarily work because wasn't there a little
bit of a legal squabble hence why the angry video game nerd has his name because that wasn't his
original name so yeah yeah yeah when we first started he was the angry video the angry nintendo
when we first started that's right that's right you know maybe he can't be a character nemesis
but what if he was the announcer that would actually be funnier see see we were working
together here to create the killer video game here and that's you know i i can't think of a whole lot
of announcing that goes on in smash brothers maybe this is what we need we need some announcer packs
from some great uh video game commentators such as the angry video game nerd there you go
and tiger claw wants to know in our chat room what would the angry video game nerds moves be
he attacks you with bad video games see i think i think this this might be why he'd be a perfect
commentator she has jason come out or bugs bunny do you ever watch any yeah oh yeah no i saw the
one on friday the 13th and it made me sad because i like that one is great yeah oh it's great it's
great good stuff uh he probably he probably he probably attacked you with swear words he probably
probably had those uh you know the act symbol the hashtag symbol those other symbols he probably
just smash you over the head with it maybe qbert qbert swearing that type of thing yeah that yeah
there you go um i would uh yeah i i think that would be a special move it would be really funny
though is if whenever he said things like that he got censored but in that really bad like movie on
broadcast television censoring type of way like what is what is it okay y'all know snakes on a
plane right and samuel l jackson goes i am sick of all these motherfucking snakes on this
motherfucking plane like didn't they dub it for tv and it's like i am sick of all these mother
monkey loving snakes on this monday to friday plane or something really like so i think that's
what they would do is they would have to change out the swear words for uh broadcast tv or show
girls are dark sacrifice favorite movie on vh1 where they they draw on the bras and everything so
all right well nemesis any other any of the thoughts or wishes for smash brothers
oh and also and also jimmy i would i would also give give dan w2k14 but when you get it
try to get the uh season pass thing because not only because when you buy the season pass like
20 bucks you'll get you get all the uh characters all the whole bunch of other stuff i mean a bunch
of other dlc but it's pretty pretty worth getting and also not only is andre the giant in the game
also king kong's bundies in the game oh cool oh wow so pretty much you got all the heavyweights
of wrestling there you go so another wrestling fan here on the show do you like the princess
bride as well i i i i seen i haven't seen that movie in like quite a while actually i gotta go
see it again yeah you gotta make a note i'll i'll watch indie game the movie you go watch the
princess bride all right all right man all right all right i'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up
the show but thanks for the call buddy appreciate it no problem no problem can i put one more thing
in of course jamie a quick a quick question um what would you do if someone actually gave you
one of those chicken corsages eating yes those things are a thing i just eat it
i'm a southern girl i like fried chicken what i've not what is this kfc is doing like a chicken leg
corsage it's just the tackiest tacky that has ever tacked but i would just eat it because i
love fried chicken i'd eat it too i like fried chicken i like from the south i like fried
chicken with grit sounds good to me i had the fried chicken livers better with grits all right
uh now you're getting me hungry nemesis i gotta let you go for sure take care buddy
okay okay guys talk to you later bye bye bye that was a fun call got me thinking about fried
chicken at the end of the show damn you i haven't eaten dinner yet all right we definitely have to
wrap up the show so i can go get some chicken uh thank you guys very much for tuning into the show
and down with me the show really appreciate it and remember we thrive on your support
uh if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio just tell a friend or two or five
about the show leave us a kind review on stitcher or itunes or wherever it is that you heard about
orange launch radio because there's some other people out there that would like to hear about
it as well we always appreciate it we don't ask for your money although we might have ways for
you to spend money soon just saying just throwing that out there just saying but we're not gonna
beg for it all right uh let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts before we wrap up
tonight's show i see jamie has her microphone up so i'll start with you dark sakura your final
thought tonight um i was watching youtube and i found this thing called musical puns where it's
basically like all kinds of different instruments but the thing that cracked me up was bassoon 5
playing maroon 5 music nice it was just really funny everyone should watch musical puns i like
hearing modern pop songs covered in other genres and things like that like the swing band that
does all the good stuff there's also another bassoon quartet called um what's it called
breaking winds the breaking winds nice and they do um uh the someone i used to know they do a
version of that that's really good so i've been really listening to a lot of bassoon music lately
all right and then my final thoughts since dark sakura brought up youtube
i have to say from my final thought tonight it's an orange it's an orange
and last but not least loki your final thought tonight i don't listen to bassoon music because
you're not cool i guess not all right i played in a bassoon quartet once but i didn't play the bassoon
i played contralto clarinet which is almost as bad as a bassoon i actually played bass clarinet
too when i was hey i played the better of the bass clarinets i played the contralto oh whatever
whatever you know if you want to hear deep look for the subcontra bass trust me all right that's
going to do it for another week here at orange lounge radio we hope you guys all have a great
week and we will see you next time yes on easter sunday until then whatever i'll be a year i'll be
older oh will it be past your birthday it'll be past my birthday it will well you can no longer
say my birthday is in a row be here live to give dark sakura some birthday spankings consensually
consensual spankings next week just give me money fuck i don't need spanking anchor with dollar
bills spank me with hundreds make it rain on next week's olr it's dark sakura's birthday party
make it rain seriously you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a
production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at
6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still
true see you next week
you
