This week things have been a little quiet, but you know what that means. More ports lining
on new systems, news of games that didn't make the cut, and interesting games that are
about to make their debut. In other words, it's another week in gaming. Have your favorite
candy at the ready and join us for the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live here with episode number
549 for April 20th, 2014. That's right. Let me just get it out of the way now. Happy 420!
And Happy Easter, of course, if that's what you're into. And if you don't celebrate either
of those things, then I hope you're having a fine Sunday.
Happy fucking holiday! Hello, DarkSakura!
Because it's bunnies and shagging and eggs. Fertility holiday!
What are they calling it in Animal Crossing? You were just playing?
Bunny Day.
Bunny Day. Happy Bunny Day.
It's annoying in Animal Crossing. It's called the day after Jamie's birthday, so I'm a little
bit food hungover. And I feel sick because I've eaten nothing but crap.
Well, happy birthday to you, by the way.
Thank you. I'm old.
No, you're not.
Please.
It's another year of awesome. Come on.
Yeah, I know I'm vintage.
Look, we've been doing...
Better vintage wine than sour grapes.
Look, we've been doing OLR for, when we get to June, that's going to be our 12th birthday.
So we've been doing this show for 12 years, so y'all do the math. Obviously, we are not
in our 20s anymore doing this show, you know, so there's that expectation we're going to
be a little bit older.
I'm going to be doing OLR when I'm 70.
We very well might be. We'll see. Not here tonight, unfortunately. Tech master Loki,
Tech master Loki does have the night off because it is Easter and he has some family
obligations this evening. But joining us in studio, it's a pleasure always to have this
guy on the show. He's a big supporter of not just OLR, but a lot of the things at vognetwork.com
and just a good guy to have here on the show. Say hello, everybody, to Flocko Jones.
Hello, everybody.
How you doing, Flocko?
I'm doing all right.
Yeah?
I just realized I had to turn my mic on. It was off. That would have been embarrassing.
That happens. Loki likes to do the off and on thing. Yeah, he has to do the click, click,
click. Sometimes it happens. So what's new? How you been?
I've been pretty good. I had a really good Easter.
Did you?
I accelerated by eating four hot dogs, a hamburger, a pile of potato salad. I starved myself
for breakfast, though, so I could just throw down as much food as possible. They actually
ran out of hot dogs. I think I could have handled a dozen. I was going for a dozen,
but it didn't work out.
I love that even though Loki's not here, you still can bring it to food one way or another.
I know. And now we have scones.
I brought black court scones.
And tomorrow, you know what the best thing about Easter is? I don't care if you celebrate
Easter or not. We can all celebrate in 4-21 tomorrow, which is going to be the day that
all the candy is like 75% off. That's universal, people.
I can't eat any of it.
Last year, that was 4-20 and that's appropriate.
Yes, much better.
Because I have decided that now that my birthday is over and I'm feeling old and sore from
walking all over San Francisco yesterday, that I'm going to wake up early tomorrow and
do yoga and go to the gym.
You're going to start off this new year of your life in all the right ways?
Well, yeah. Well, I was doing that before, but then work was kicking my butt. So now
that I'm used to my work schedule and got my vitamins all sorted out and starting to
feel okay again, I'm going back to the gym.
There you go.
I submitted the measurements for my cosplays for GamerX.
Oh, you are going to be doing the cosplays.
Which is another motivation.
Nice, nice.
Did you make it a couple inches less so that way you'd be like, I waited until I was super
bloated because my costumes have to be loose anyway because they're Homestuck costumes.
Oh, okay.
Gotcha.
Go to our chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vog network.com.
We have some comments in our chat room here.
Let's see.
Kaijuto is starting us off tonight saying, O-L-R becomes O-L-D. Oh, that's like a sitcom
in the works or something.
And I'm just sitting here going becomes.
Just wait.
The older we get, the older you're getting too.
That's right.
How long have you been listening?
Also, let's see.
Black Wolf, Bobby Black Wolf not only says congrats on surviving another year, Jamie,
but he also says Flaco is there.
Did you buy a UPS yet?
Now for those that don't catch the joke, the last time Flaco was on the show, actually
it was two times ago because I think the last time you were here, everything was fine.
Two times ago, the power went out mid show and that was like a lost episode because of
it.
Yes.
It's a legendary episode now.
That's how I like to look at it.
Yeah, it is.
You were on a deleted scene like me on RuPaul's Drag Race.
I was on a deleted scene.
It was so good.
It was so much better than the next time I was on.
Wait a minute.
I was better.
I mean, I was better the first time.
My stories didn't come back as good the second time.
Oh, you're always.
I was trying to recall.
It's going so well.
All right.
Well, I do have some kickoff topics I want to get into, but since Dark Soccer brought
up her birthday, I figured now was a good time to do a present.
Y'all ready for a present?
I like presents.
Okay.
Now I don't rap, so I just put it here in this little thing.
So I'm going to just open it for Dark Soccer right now.
Sing for me.
Flaco, you need to do commentary because I got to put the mic down.
Oh, Rob is putting the mic down and now he's going to unzip Dark Soccer's present.
I don't know how else to put it.
Which is at crotch level.
It is in a box.
Here it is.
He's presenting it.
This sounds really bad.
And oh, she squealed.
I'm sure you heard that.
What is that?
Bravely default.
I'm going to play the shit out of this because now I'm going with Animal Crossing.
There it is.
That's what she said.
I was all intent.
I was going to go to the store and get her that Disney game, but then last week she said,
I'd rather have Bravely Default.
And I'm like, all right.
Bravely Default is a great game.
So there you go.
And I could see Dark Soccer as being somebody that's really going to get into the story
and the characters and stuff because she likes to get into games that have story.
It's wrapped, Rob.
She's unwrapping it right now.
I'm shrink wrapping it right now.
Rob shrink-wrapped it all himself.
Shush.
Love.
And Dan ordered me my present.
So I have my present coming from Dan.
And then I bought myself a whole bunch of presents.
Nice.
Because I was at Sakura Monster.
I got myself a bunch of art supplies.
Nobody got you that though, right?
No.
I bought me an iPhone 5S.
Oh, sweet.
Because it's about time.
Right.
And I'm not going to reveal where my husband is employed at either in case people are listening
and because I also, so I'm going to say that Dan works at the land of, what should I say?
He works at the land of reps in service.
So Loras.
Loras.
Okay.
Dan works at Loras and I work at Locat.
Okay.
You got it.
All right.
All Homestuck references, by the way.
Going over to the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Eric RPG says, that Disney game is meh anyway.
I don't know.
I thought Dark Sakura might have got a kick out of it because Animal Crossing meets Disney,
but you know what?
Bradley default's awesome too.
I want to play the Tomodachi game.
Oh yeah.
Well, that's not out till June.
So you'll have to wait for Christmas or something, Monica.
I street past so many freaking people at Sakura Matsuri.
Tell us about your trip.
You want to, cause you know, a lot of nerds in the Bay area go to this.
You went to Sakura Matsuri yesterday in San Francisco, right?
Yep.
The Cherry Blossom Festival.
And if people want to see some of my pictures, if you go to kurotsubasa.tumblr.com, I have
some pictures I took, including a panoramic of the Peace Pagoda Plaza over at Japantown
or Nihonmachi.
At any rate, there were, there was some cosplay.
There were some good cosplay that I found a really good Mikasa from Shingeki no Kyojin.
I found a few others and then I found like some honestly kind of half-assed cosplay.
Like it was an afterthought.
I'm not saying anything about the cosplayers.
You know, if you don't want to cosplay all the way, that's fine, but you know, don't
think you're hot shit if you know your costume's not all the way put together.
I ran into some really nice people just wandering around, talked to a few people, and then I
found more homestucks.
Okay, because it was my birthday, I decided to wear my Aradia shirt, which is basically
big red Aries on a black shirt.
As I was walking down the hall, I found a person wearing the Terezi shirt, which is
a Libra.
And we're like, oh, one of us and you know, then I ran into someone wearing a Hero of
Space shirt at Daiso.
And then she's like, yeah, I found a couple other people too.
So we have some representation, which we are an invasive species, but we're good.
I have no idea what any of that means, but that's cool.
Well, these people know what it means.
Did you get to go to that arcade that they have in the little...
It was busy.
I didn't want to go.
And I mean, the whole place was just like all over, but we went to where they were doing
the food booth.
And I was very disappointed because I wanted to have a takoyaki, because that's like my
big thing when I go to Sakuramatsuri is I have to have takoyaki.
And they made it, it wasn't takoyaki, it was like beef inside it instead of octopus.
So I was like, well, screw that.
So I had unagi don and it was delicious.
Did you get a crepe?
Because they have some great crepes there too.
Great place.
Sophie's Crepes was like way busy.
I just didn't bother.
But I did buy some art supplies because there's certain ones that I can't get locally.
I had to go to Kinokaniya.
And what else did we do?
Because I actually went and bought...
Because I mean, now that I'm older, I was always interested in Japanese culture just
from having been a Japanese major.
And I sort of grew out of my whole anime fangirl-ness.
And I use grow out of in quote-y fingers just because I'm not as interested in a lot of
stuff because it's geared toward teenagers.
It's not really my thing, except I totally love Kill la Kill right now.
Totally awesome.
But I really have been trying to focus more on my art.
So this time I went around and looked at different types of papers and looked at textiles.
And I bought myself...
It's a huroshiki, which is like a wrapping cloth, but I got one with cats on it.
And I hang it in my cube.
It was really cute.
And basically my point around this time was just to find different things that I thought
would stimulate me.
Not in that way.
Oh, it's that kind of birthday, huh?
As an artist.
And so that was really...
We watched some dances.
We watched...
There was a big Taigo presentation, which was pretty awesome.
Nice.
And then I got stuff for my desk and stuff and things.
Well, sounds like you had a good day.
And let's see my friend Tamara over on Clement Street.
She was working for a clothing designer.
So I got to really check out some home done textiles and everything.
Well, happy birthday once again from all of us here at OLR to you.
Thank you.
And I hope you get more presents before the week's up, because some birthdays tend to
go all week, so you never know what might happen.
So all right.
If the OLR listeners want to send you a taco or something, because I have had people come
to me saying, how can I send Jamie a taco?
I want to make Jamie happy for her birthday.
How can I send her a taco?
So I'll tell you what, if you want to make me happy, this is what you can do.
You can send me money.
No, I'm kidding.
What I actually, if you want to make me happy, I want to send her a money taco.
This is what I want you to do.
I want you to find a local animal rescue and give them some cat food or adopt a cat and
send me a picture of the cat that you adopted.
Oh, that's what I want you to do for my birthday is to adopt a cat or to at least donate food
to because some people are allergic to cats.
So to animal rescues because they need it.
The people who foster the cats need food and it keeps, it keeps from, you know, killing
an animal.
That's only fault is that it just was homeless.
Well, you know what?
That is, that is one thing better than a taco is cats.
Yeah, there you go.
Sounds wrong, Rob.
I didn't mean to eat the cat.
Let the cat eat the taco.
I just didn't think you were into pussy.
But anyway, on a serious note, I can always make an exception, dark soccer.
I adopted Midna and I would really like to see, you know, more people give, especially
older cats, give older cats a chance.
That's great.
Well, taking it back to video games a little bit, since we are a video game podcast, I
want to talk here a little bit on our kickoff topic about some things going on.
And I want to talk to Flaco a little bit too, because Flaco, you know, you've, you've still
been playing quite a few games since the last time we talked to you.
And I know you're mostly a gamer on the Sony platforms, right?
Yes, I am.
I recently got a PS4 like a couple months ago, and I really enjoy it.
Played all of the games you get with PlayStation Plus.
But, and I guess, I don't know if you know this, or not a lot of my friends might know
this, but I bought my wife a Wii U for her birthday.
I do because you were telling me to add her on the Wii U thing.
Yeah, that's right.
I still haven't done it because you'll see my Wii U is still not hooked up from the move.
But I found her really, if you really want to, I guess you could.
I do really want to, because we want to play Wind Waker HD.
That's exactly the reason I got it though.
Because Wind Waker, but sure.
If you want to run it or something, yourself, I don't know.
It's worth it.
But that's the game.
It's my wife's favorite game ever is Wind Waker.
And I found a really good deal on the Wind Waker HD bundle and I got it.
And it was like an amazing deal.
It was used, but the little game pad that has the Triforce stuff.
Yes.
She loves it.
My wife loves it.
She went crazy for it.
So she's been playing that pretty much nonstop and I've been helping her when she gets stuck
and it's been really fun.
And the kids love it too.
Like my son just gets a kick whenever, uh, Link does like the different, uh, melodies,
you know, with the Wind Waker, he does a little conducting or whatever.
Uh, my son like hums along with it and it's really awesome.
So that is so precious hearing how the whole family gets involved in gaming.
Oh, it's so adorable.
I just want to hug you all.
I mean, that's such a good news story, right?
So why, why does Nintendo keep flopping in the eyes of the game?
I mean, obviously sales are sales.
They're not selling as many as competitors.
That's just, you know, the way it is.
But why, why is Wii U flopping when you have such positive things to say about it, you
think?
I, cause there's really not that much to play on it.
Like, I don't know what she's going to do when she's done with Wind Waker.
Mario Kart 8 will be out maybe.
She's not a big Mario Kart fan.
I want to play it though.
So we might rent it first and see if we both like it.
I see, I play, I play more on the PlayStation.
So, and I have a Vita too.
She got me a Vita for Christmas.
So I had to try to top that and get her a Wii U for her birthday.
And I got the PS4 just out of the blue.
I thought it was a family thing.
She's like, Oh no, that's your system.
I don't want to play that.
It was like, Oh, well I feel really bad.
Well, let me get you a Wii U.
So at least you guys, at least you guys can watch the PlayStation live together and enjoy
the people showing their titties and their dongs.
We did that.
We didn't see any of the racy stuff.
I mean, somewhat racy stuff, but nothing, no nudity.
We didn't see the night we were just perusing that we had friends over.
Of course.
So what do you do?
You turn on play room.
Right.
Or PlayStation live.
Look at the playroom streams and see how ridiculous it is.
So, uh, but yeah, nothing too crazy.
Just a lot of like, really like poor living room setups.
I would say really depressing.
Like, Oh, it's so dirty in your living room.
Clean up your house.
That's one big reason I don't do the play.
When you do, when you do the streams on like Final Fantasy 14, which I have streamed on
Twitch, your head's in a little box that they can't see anything about my little head in
a box.
That's that's nice.
That's enough.
That's all we need to see.
That's all you need.
But playroom, it's in those poor robots.
I feel bad for those poor robots.
They had to sit there and look at all that terrible debauchery going on and they look
so shocked sometimes.
What were you going to say to our Sakura?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nevermind.
Bad for the robots.
What have you been playing on your, on your console, the PS4?
On the PS4, I've been playing mostly don't starve.
And, uh, again, for the kids, Lego Marvel superheroes.
But yeah, don't starve.
I've really, I really got into, it's one of the reasons I really wanted the PS4.
I went to extra for his house and he has a PS4 and I, that had just come out and he's
like, it's okay.
But you could have bought that for like $7 on steam.
Well, I'm glad I didn't cause my PC's broken now.
So like all the other games I bought on steam, I can't play it now.
Touche, but no, I love it.
I just, I like controllers better anyway.
So, uh, I've really enjoyed that game.
I put a lot of time into it.
I'm not, I'm not very good at it, but I finally got to adventure mode, which to get to adventure
mode and don't starve.
You have to play the regular survival mode and then you have to find a door randomly
as you're surviving and kind of exploring.
So I just made it, made it my mission to just explore.
I just go out and try to find this stupid door that I could never find cause I'd always
die before I found it.
Mm hmm.
Cause I finally found it.
Is that the one that goes into the caves?
No, no, that's a, that's if you go into a, if you dig up a grave, I think you can go,
or you can spelunk and you can go down there.
I didn't do, I've only done a little bit of that, but no, this is, it's a giant door.
It looks like a door to hell and it's like, do you want to go inside?
And when you do, max, the villain, I guess that the game shows up and he's like, uh,
if you can survive five worlds, you know, you can find my door and find me.
That's how you beat it, I guess.
Oh, I had no idea.
There's like a, there's like a story mode in there, but unfortunately to, to, to get
in there, you have to find it first in the regular, but you kind of have to make it your
mission to find the door.
What's cool is once you find the door, whenever you die doing the five doors thing, you don't
go back to, you know, nothing.
You go back to the point you first found the door.
So that now is my save file for adventure mode.
And then if I ever want to play the game, survival style, just create another, another
new, new, new game.
And I just do that.
So, okay.
It's been really fun.
I learned something about don't starve.
Yeah, there's, there's a hidden like story mode, I guess.
So awesome.
And it being PlayStation plus, I'm sure you, you're snatching up all those free games.
Like what?
Mercenary Kings this month.
Yeah.
I had trouble playing mercenary Kings, so I haven't really got into that yet.
It's like press down to fix something up.
I pressed down.
I couldn't pick it up.
I don't know if it's because it's playing on the inventory is full.
Is that why?
Yeah.
That's what I learned first.
You can only hold like one or two things in the beginning.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, that's my problem.
I can't get past the very, it's like, put some C-shirt in this door.
Sure.
Something with me.
I sure there we go.
I was like, well, this game, I can't play.
I thought it was a bug.
Like I'm playing on the VITA.
I do a lot of remote play on my VITA.
And so I was like, well, maybe it's some VITA bug where it's not registering me pressing
down.
Like I'm like squatting.
I'm like, I'm not putting this C4 down.
Like it says I'm supposed to.
Yeah.
So I, or picking it up.
I don't know.
It's you have to use the C4 you already have, and then you can pick up the other one.
I see.
Well, there you go.
So I'm stuck on that, but yeah, we played outlast.
That was pretty awesome.
I've only, we're halfway through it.
We stopped cause we had some friends over and we're like, let's play through this.
And we got through halfway and it's like, well, we have to go home.
Like, oh, you don't want to stay up till two in the morning.
But so yeah, we didn't finish that.
But I really like, I really liked that game so far too.
And again, I know it's a PC game, but I don't really have a workable PC.
So I've enjoyed playing on the PS4.
Um, besides just talking about what you've been playing on Sony recently, I wanted to
use this as an opportunity to talk about this too, because I'm sure some of our chatters
want to bring this up as well.
But speaking of all the Sony stuff going on, I'm sure you heard about that insane sale
they're having this weekend where they're, you know, they're giving steam a little competition
with this whole deep discounting 99 cents for what?
30 games.
I think they have on sale for 99, 30 or 34, something like that.
34, 35.
And, you know, obviously you're not going to get anything new, new, and it's not just
PS Plus.
That was the other surprising thing.
I thought for sure it was going to be PlayStation Plus only, but it's not.
It's for everybody.
Should be 50 cents for PS Plus.
I'm greedy.
Um, but, uh, yeah, I'm just really surprised.
Now you've got some stuff that's like really old.
You got some classics in there, like Spyro the Dragon and Crash Bandicoot.
But like, those are games I really remember from PS One.
So I was like, oh, for 99 cents, shit, I'll pick it up again.
So I can play it on the Vita.
Why not?
Right.
But then there's some stuff that's only a couple of years old, like Telltale has quite
a few things like the Jurassic Park game, Back to the Future.
And it's not just like one episode for 99 cents.
It's all four or five episodes for 99 cents.
That's a really good deal.
So if you are a PlayStation owner, I think the sale is only good through Monday at 7
a.m.
So if you're listening live, go get them.
If you're listening on the podcast, sorry, you missed it because it's over now.
I still haven't downloaded one of them, but I was really considering Jurassic Park.
That's that's the main one.
Well, I'm going to talk about that in a minute.
All right.
I did buy it.
So you have it.
You haven't taken advantage.
I haven't taken advantage of it because like you said, mostly.
Well, the other problem is I have a huge backlog on my PS3 and my PS3 is in the bedroom now.
It got moved once the Wii U joined the...
You had to play the same game I did.
Who ultimately gets to stay on the TV.
And it could have stayed out in the living room, but it's like, it'd be nice to have
a thing in the bedroom to finally watch, you know, Netflix and stuff in the bedroom.
So we moved it back there and I still have to play the Bioshock Infinite DLC.
I had to play the Last of Us DLC extra.
Let me borrow his game so I can do that.
I saw South Park to play and I have, you know, the PlayStation 3, you know, the PS Plus games.
Yeah.
I wanted I really like remember me.
I'm like halfway through that.
I think there's too much to play.
It is like a steam thing now where it's and it's another reason I'm not too sad.
My computer broke because I'm like, well, I've got enough to play already.
So I guess I guess I can just play my console stuff.
Who needs Microsoft Word?
I've got video games to play.
There you go.
Who needs that?
I don't need an internet.
I have a 10 year old computer I can do Microsoft Word with, but I can't game on it.
Go into our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, I actually didn't know about this sale until just now.
BRB buying all the things.
We helped one person out.
Hooray.
I feel, I feel a lot better here at OLR.
Let's see.
Gamer girl says plants versus zombies.
I'm thinking that's something she picked up.
That looks like a good one.
But again, I meant to check.
Is that on the Vita or is that just on the, I don't think that's on the Vita.
I think that's just the PS3.
I think that's only PS3.
I want to say the Vita one was a plus game.
Sometimes it was, but it was before I got the subscription.
Sadly, cause I actually, well, I'll get in that later, but all right.
Gaming week stuff.
I don't know.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Uh, let's see.
Dungeon buster says retro city rampage is 99 cents and steam marked it down to the same
price.
So, Oh, a little, little comment.
And that's a good one.
If you haven't checked that out, extra for, uh, your brother-in-law, uh, co-star of a
hoard house Wednesday nights on the network loves that game.
Talks a lot about that.
No way.
I'm getting mixed up with hotline.
Miami.
Oh, nevermind.
I'm sorry.
I was like, I've heard good things about our just city ravages, but yeah, I know he loves
hot love.
No, it's Holly.
Miami.
I was thinking of, nevermind.
That was already free anyway.
We'll just, we'll make it up and say extra for likes a retro city ramp.
I bet he would, if he played it.
Loki likes our diversity rampage.
Uh, nice.
Not to buy it.
Tokyo jungle is the other one that, but again, that sounds like a huge time sink and I'm
like, I don't, I paid $15 for that stupid game.
No, actually Tokyo jungle.
Here's the thing about that.
It plays a lot like an arcade game to me where, and if you play it in little chunks, like
every time you play and die within five minutes, you're still getting, you're still investing
in your save that you can use to buy more animals or do progress in the story a little
more later on.
Like you don't get very far each time until you kind of build.
It's one of those games you build on each death.
Uh, it's a lot like, what the hell is that game where you're in the castle?
It's like Castlevania.
Uh, God damn it slipped my mind.
I used to play this game a lot.
Jason's a big fan of it.
I know.
No, I don't know.
I've never played that.
It's the one where you play the descendants of all the characters.
Magica.
Why is it?
No, no idea.
Somebody will yell it out in chat in two seconds here.
Then I'll feel stupid.
Oh, I can't.
I remember the name of the damn game because you're old and the castle shuffles each time
you play.
Shut up.
You're the one that had a birthday.
I don't know why.
I don't know.
Thank you.
Rogue leg.
Okay.
Alan just popped in.
Alan saved me again.
Yes.
It was rogue legacy.
Thank you, Alan.
And Jason just yelled it out in chat too.
Like that.
I don't even remember why I was bringing that game up now.
All right.
Let's talk about Tokyo jungle.
That's why.
Yeah.
Tokyo jungle is a great for 99 cents.
Heck yeah.
If you got to go, if you're listening to my life, you got to go get it.
Just it's 99 cents.
Like, you know, the other cool thing about Tokyo jungle is it is one of the very few
PS3 games that works with Vita remote play.
That's right.
The very, very few.
And they look ugly.
I looked, I played Pagle.
I have Pagle.
Pagle nights on PS3.
It plays with Vita remote play and it looks terrible.
Nothing like what the PS4 games look like.
Well, PSP had remote play a little bit too, but yeah, I never had one of those.
There was so few.
Like it worked with the minis and the PS1 and the PS1 games.
And you could do some of the video streaming and that stuff too.
That all existed on the PSP, but it was just one of those features nobody really talked
about.
But I remember going like, why isn't Sony doing more with this?
Because this technology is awesome.
Well, even the PS3, they didn't do that with the PS3 and the Vita.
Maybe it's because they're working on the PS4, but Oh, and the other thing I wanted to
tell you, you got Spyro and Crash Bandicoot, but I believe those don't work on the Vita
remote play.
What?
I know.
Oh crap.
Or not even remote play.
I just mean like, you know, I guess cross play, whatever you call it, like it worked
on both platforms.
Those are some of the few titles that aren't compatible for some reason.
It's part of the reason.
I know that's one of the reasons I wanted to get them.
I saw in the comments, everybody's like, Oh, why won't you make this work on Vita?
But maybe they will eventually.
Oh, well, at least it was only two bucks.
I thought the same thing like, Oh, that'd be great to play on my Vita.
And then I read all the people in the comments saying, uh, it would be nice if these actually
worked on Vita, but it's not on the compatibility list.
I'm hoping maybe with all that PlayStation Now stuff in the future too, that putting
those games in my library, when PlayStation Now is out, will let me, I'm hoping, I mean,
they haven't really said, oh, that's all going to work yet, but I'm hoping that maybe
flagging those games as purchased will enable it in PlayStation Now down there.
I think if you got it digitally, they should do that, but you never know.
Yeah, you never know.
You really don't.
I mean, then there's this whole debacle with The Last of Us on PlayStation 4 when it just
was out, but we'll talk about that later.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about our frame of reference, the types of stuff
that we have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, what have you been up to on your birthday week?
Um, Animal Crossing.
Um, I got a game called Kami, uh, which is like an origami based puzzle game.
It's kind of neat.
Um, played to Mass Effect because I've got my mods working again and my shepherd looks
awesome.
I can't wait to play Mass Effect 3 on my new PC.
Did I talk about that on this show yet?
I talked about it on Bobby's show, but not here.
Uh, Alan built me a new PC yesterday, so happy me.
They make a dude mods.
Oh yeah.
There's some good ones out there too.
There's also, um, someone did a, a version that you can use Caden's hair.
Okay.
Um, and someone made a, uh, a front curl mohawk.
That's actually kind of cool looking.
Did you see, uh, pics of the cosplay from PAX East with the, did we talk about this
this week?
Yes, we did.
Okay.
And he twerked.
Yes.
This is more of those pictures are coming out.
What's the name of my other tumbler?
Mass effecting.
I couldn't remember if we talked about the show.
Yeah, I guess the chat room is right.
I'm having Alzheimer's in my old age.
That's what Raginator says.
Thanks.
Eat more blueberries.
I guess.
Well, that's going to have blueberries in it, right?
No, that was us.
Those were black currants.
God, I think I need more ginkgo blueberries.
Thank God it's not just me.
I was like, those are blueberries, right?
They're really good though.
They're good.
Currants are better than blueberries in my opinion.
And I'm always right.
Are they, are they currently better than blueberries?
But, um, I, uh, I was going to play some fun.
I think I did play a little Final Fantasy 14 this week or I might've, but, um, I'm planning
on, um, assuming that I can get my shift trade on Tuesday, then I will be playing a good
bit of that while I'm trying to stay awake.
If not, then whatever.
But I want, I want any people to run with me and help me level some more.
Let me tag along.
We'll see.
I want to do a Brayflop again.
Wait until you get that one on hard mode.
It's hilarious because the whole dungeon is fighting over cheese.
I want someone to run me through a Brayflop tonight.
There you go.
Well, we'll see.
Maybe I can live stream now.
Cause that's something I can actually do.
I can see how cute I am.
We already know.
I know.
Well, my character's extra cute and her feline adorableness.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, I'll go over to Flocko.
Bitch I wasn't done.
I'm kidding.
Excuse me.
Go on.
No, no, no, I'm done.
All right.
Flocko.
How was your gaming week?
I had a pretty good gaming week cause I had most of the week off of work.
So I played a lot of Vita games and I played Lego Marvel superheroes on PS4 cause my kids
really liked that.
And it's funny cause my kids like to either stand in front of the TV or if I'm playing
on Vita, they stand, they like lean their heads in front of the Vita, you know, to try
to see everything.
So I actually did the remote play and when you do it on the Vita, you know, it plays
on both at once.
So if they're standing in front of the TV, I just look down on the Vita.
If they're putting their head in front of the Vita, I just look up at the TV and it
worked great.
So they love that game.
It's pretty fun.
I've never played a Lego game before.
And I'd always kind of badmouth them cause like, oh, it is kids games, whatever.
But it's actually really fun.
And it's, there's a lot of cool like inside jokes.
There's a part where you're like tumbling through a whatever portal to Asgard.
I'm not much of a Marvel guy either.
Sorry.
But you're going through some kind of portal to Asgard.
And as you're like tumbling through a TARDIS, like flies by the other way, like a little
Lego TARDIS.
It was really cute and funny.
So yeah, I played that.
I finally beat little big planet Vita after.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, it was really fun.
They did a really good job.
I had my doubts cause it's not medium molecule that did it, but they actually did probably
one of the better story modes they've ever had in a little big planet game.
I like the mechanic of the pushing the bricks by using the rear touch pad and the front
touch pad.
That was kind of a neat little thing.
Yeah, that was a fun level.
And actually my son played that one with me and I had him like touch the bricks, at least
on the front.
He got pretty good at the back touch too.
He realized when he touched it, at least on the Vita, uh, excuse me, on the, on the
little big planet Vita, as opposed to other games that have back touch, sometimes it gives
you a little indicator, like a cursor where your finger is.
And so he figured that out.
So he was able to really use that to take, hit the blocks for me or kill enemies or I
think there's a level we had to guide missiles.
He did that for me too.
It was really fun.
It was like father son play time.
And we were both sick that week bonding.
You guys are the cutest video games.
He's not great at the control stuff, but you know, in the age of like iPads and on all
that stuff, he loves touch stuff.
So the Vita stuff, he's really been able to get into more than the PS3.
Cause if he has three, he has a hard time with the controls, but touch controls are
so intuitive.
It's like, Oh, I can just put this here.
I realized my fingers moving around and, and yeah, he does a great job with that.
So, so yeah, I played some gravity rush on Vita.
I really love that game.
Almost done with that, I think.
And lots of Wind Waker with my wife playing.
Uh, let's see.
Tiger Claw in chat talking about the Lego thing you're saying.
Tiger Claw says, maybe that's a sign that we can expect Lego, Lego Doctor Who.
And Kaijuta says, Lego, stay away from Doctor Who.
Dark Tetsuya says, I kind of want the Lego movie game.
I heard that one wasn't so good though.
That's they usually get good reviews, but I heard that one didn't get very good reviews
because I feel like it's that, that classic case of a movie marketing game.
It had to come out as the movie release date.
I've heard it's kind of unfinished.
You know what I mean?
Jamie just gasped.
Are you okay?
Cause today is also George Takei's birthday.
Oh, it is?
Oh wow.
So happy birthday to my, uh,
Oh my.
To the man I want to adopt me.
Happy birthday.
Uh, let's see.
Uh, yeah, I'm just thinking about the whole, uh, Lego and Doctor Who thing.
It just makes me think like, do you want me to make every nerd out there cringe right now?
Watch.
Okay.
Watch.
So Lego does a Doctor Who video game and they let Moffat write it.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Look, art as this show is art is to elicit a reaction.
And I just gave a reaction.
I just reacted too.
Jamie showed me her middle finger.
That was the reaction.
All right.
Oh, I did what I did play one PS3 game this week.
And that was the cave.
Cause that's another game of Vaclav that I haven't finished yet.
And I think I'm almost done with that one.
Hey, Jamie says, ew, she hates the cave.
No, no, no, no.
Did you know the man who invented the Frisbee was cremated after he died and made into a Frisbee?
No.
You're so weird.
Don't bring this stuff up on the show.
It's not appropriate unless he's made into Legos.
Thank you, Rob.
Plastic.
I don't know.
Yeah, it works.
It's a toy.
And the cave is, I believe one of the games included in the recent Humble Bundle.
I don't know if it's current, but it's recent.
I think you're right.
I know for Android.
I think it's one of those ones that's on Android and PC or maybe just Android.
I think it was an Android bundle and then it was on PS Plus some time ago too.
It was also free on Amazon not long ago, Amazon mobile.
And I got it there too, but I'm still trying to play the PSV version first.
All right.
Is that it for your gaming week?
That's all.
All right.
I'll talk about my gaming week.
Okay.
So I teased one for you, Flaco, a little bit ago in that 99 cent sale.
I went crazy.
And one of the games I bought, I bought the Jurassic Park game.
And some people are saying 99 cents.
You still pay too much for the Jurassic Park game.
Here's the, I guess the game, you know, Telltale does a lot of great games.
They've done so, so much, you know, obviously walking dead was phenomenal.
And, um, the monkey islands and, you know, they do a lot of good stuff, but
Jurassic Park did not get such good reviews.
So, but I liked the movie an awful lot, Jurassic Park.
I don't read a lot, a lot of books, but I read Jurassic Park when I was younger.
I read that whole books and there's, there's so many differences between the
book and the movie, by the way, if you didn't know, like everybody dies in the
book, everybody dies in the book.
I've read the books.
You're totally right.
Yeah.
So anyway, anyway, I didn't, I didn't mean to get on that tangent, but
Jurassic Parks had a very interesting history with gaming because my first
reaction to playing the Jurassic Park game on PlayStation was this game would
have been awesome 15 years ago.
But the games we got, uh, for Jurassic Park on the Genesis and on Super
Nintendo were, were very different.
And they were, they were like the Genesis one was huge.
I don't know if you guys remember, but the Jurassic Park on the Genesis was
like a hugely popular game because you had to play as the dinosaur.
And so that made it like, it was very different and all that.
You ever, Jamie, you're the Sega fan in the house.
Did you, did you ever play Jurassic Park on the Genesis?
Cause, Oh, it's that in the lab.
Mind you, when I was growing up, I had a Super Nintendo.
That's true.
Dan was the big Sega boy and he showed me another way when I moved out here.
Well, Aladdin was the other big movie tie in game, but then on the Super
Nintendo, it was really weird.
Like that was that whole when like virtual reality was really big and like
doom and all that.
So they actually put like a doom-esque, doom-esque component first person into
Jurassic Park on the Super Nintendo, where you like go in these buildings and
the velociraptors are in the buildings.
And it was actually really cool.
It was really scary for like a Super Nintendo game.
It was pretty, it was pretty neat.
I'm sure if you went back and played it today, it would be like super crude,
but there's only one thing I can think of.
Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark.
Okay.
Anyway, so for whatever reason, Telltale got this license and like 15 years later
is making a Jurassic Park game that is really reminiscent in many ways of an old
Sega CD game.
Like, remember when like full motion video was all the craze and all that,
like it's the game itself is very simple.
You know, it's a lot of just like exploring different scenes and looking at
things in different scenes.
And then the other half of the game is basically like QuickTime movie, the game
where it's like, you know, press X and react really quick, press O and react
really quick and R1 and jiggle the controller and move it in circles and all
this stuff.
And, and like, if you do something right, then hooray, you live.
But if you do something wrong, Oh, a dinosaur just ate a little girl.
Like, and yes, that can happen in the game.
And so it's kind of like, it's very like, almost like, like dragon's lair meets
a CD game of yesteryear.
So it's, it's kind of retro in that respect too.
Now, this might sound like I'm dogging on the game, but I'm actually not because
I actually, I'm enjoying it.
Like I'm play, I'm halfway through episode two right now.
And what I'm getting a big kick out of is how they made this 15 year old movie
relevant again, by creating this whole side story that didn't exist in the books
and everything.
Basically, it's like fan fiction.
You're playing a fan fiction game, but it works like it.
And if you guys didn't know what they did is they use, they use some of the
unresolved subplots in the movie, because like, for example, you know,
and I have spoilers for like a 15 year old movie people.
It's probably even older than that.
I saw it in high school a long time ago.
So, so in the movie, there's the guy Nedry, right?
Who was, what's his name on Seinfeld?
Newman, Newman on Seinfeld.
You forgot to say the magic word.
Uh, so he tries, he tries to get off the island, right?
And, uh, cause he's, the whole thing is he's smuggling dinosaur embryos to a
rival company off the island, but he gets killed by the dinosaur.
He's the one that shuts down the security.
He tries to drive out, but, and he gets killed by the dinosaur because
security's shut down.
Right.
Before you say this, is this about the shaving can?
Yes.
Oh my gosh.
That's amazing.
That's like every fan fiction about Jurassic Park because they never go
anywhere with it.
It gets, it's almost like it gets preserved.
It falls into the mud.
It sinks down and you never see it again.
It's not even brought up in the game.
Oh my gosh.
Because did you know that the whole time there was a plan B because Nedry was
going to meet people at the docks and then he never showed up.
So the people at the docks go looking for him.
That's how the game starts.
That's amazing.
So, and then they have that and then they introduce these characters, but
they're making reference to what happens in the movie.
Like, you know, there's this one thing where you're looking through a
triceratops pan and you see a Jeep and they go, why is there a Jeep out
there?
And they're like, oh, uh, they have some hot shot paleontologists here looking
at the park today type of thing.
And then in another scene where you get to the visitor center, you see a
helicopter flying away in the background, which signals that that was the end of
the movie right there.
So it is kind of neat how they created this whole universe that runs
concurrently with the movies.
So from the story perspective, I'm kind of like, and I went back and read
some reviews for the games and a lot of the reviews really razzed the story.
I didn't think, I don't think the story is bad at all.
I'm like, the story's kind of better than the lost world was.
Sorry about it, but the lost world was ridiculous.
Like the chick does gymnastics to kick up a lost raptor in the face.
Really?
I mean, that reminds you guys about the plot of the lost world.
It was kind of ridiculous.
So the game in sorts is kind of a better sequel in that regard.
I will say this though, from a technical perspective, the game needed some
tightening up.
I don't know if this is unique to PS3, but like I'm talking like frame skips,
little hiccups, like you hit the button to react to something and like, I can
hear that Sega CD switching to another track in my mind and then skip, skip,
skip, skip.
Oh, play the new scene.
It's like, wow.
So I've had an issue with Telltale games on PS3, sadly, because I have, uh,
Poker Night 2 and The Walking Dead and those do have some frame rate, like lags
and some hiccups.
Like, you know, The Walking Dead always is like previously on The Walking Dead
and, and sometimes like it'll get ready to load a scene because it has to do it
from based on what you've chosen in the past.
And it tries to load it and I'll end up missing like half the scene.
So I think, I don't know, maybe it's just because the old PS3 hardware or
something, but they don't run too well on that.
But I still have enjoyed the games, but I deal with the hiccups and the problems
are kind of buggy.
Uh, look at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says Telltale needs to make a Goonies game.
Oh, that's actually a really good idea.
Did you hear that they're actually, there's plans on working on the Goonies sequel?
They've been talking that on and off for the longest time and no,
this has nothing to do with Goonies 2 on the NES.
Can we just get that out of the way?
I love Goonies 2 on the NES, like Goonies 2 on the NES.
Oh God, here we go.
I was talking about Jurassic Park, a 15, I'm talking about a two year old video
game, but on a 15 year old movie, and now I'm going to get into an NES game,
such as an episode of Orange Lawns Radio.
Hi, new listeners.
Goonies 2 was like a Metroidvania game before like Metroidvania was really a thing.
Think about it, right?
Goonies 2 is amazing, but it really had nothing to do with the movie.
It was only Goonies 2 because there was a Goonies 1 in Japan.
It was on what, the Pay Choice 10 here, but it was never released.
So it was literally Goonies 2, the video game where there's like a
mermaid and shit that you're trying to rescue.
It has nothing to do with the movie, but it's such a good game.
It is.
Anyway, where was I?
Jurassic Park.
Okay.
So it has its flaws, but as somebody who really enjoyed the movie as a kid,
I really appreciate what they try to do with it.
I do find the quick time action scenes to be a little bit exciting because it does
kind of like it gets your, you know, like your, your character is going to get
eaten by a goddamn dinosaur if you don't like react in time.
So it does have like that tense moment.
It succeeds in doing that.
I like some of the mechanics where you flip to different points of view.
Like you'll be playing as one person and then to really solve a puzzle,
you'll have to flip to three different points of view to solve a puzzle.
And so I kind of like that, like there's, um, I don't want to spoil too heavy,
but in episode two, I just did a puzzle that involves a roller coaster because
Jurassic Park after all was going to be a theme park, right?
So there's a roller coaster you find, and there's a puzzle involving it where
you have to rotate between the three characters to solve it.
And I thought that was kind of neat.
So, you know, a little bit of a nineties cliche in adventure gaming puzzles,
but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
So, um, Jurassic Park for 99 cents people.
It's, it's a good, like, Hey, remember the movie.
Wouldn't it fun?
So yeah, I'll probably have to get that.
I wouldn't have been mad if I paid like $5.
I would have been mad even probably like 20,
which would have been five an episode.
I've been okay with, I don't know.
Did they charge 40 when it first came out?
10 an episode that might be.
I don't think so because the walking dead was only the latest walking dead.
Season two is only $20.
Okay.
Well then, then it's, it's, it's a decent price.
It's it's fine, but it isn't as strong as some of the other telltale games,
especially from a technical standpoint, I will say that.
But it's, it's worth your time.
You know, I think, uh, other games I bought, I bought everyday shooter,
which I just missed out on the first time that was out.
Um, that's a fun little Twix stick, twin stick game.
Um, that it kind of is one of those.
You, you learn the game as you go sort of things.
Speaking of shooters, I bought a game called retro grade.
I had no idea a game like this existed.
I somehow missed this on the radar the first time,
but it's like a music game as a shooter.
And it's the really neat little twist on it is that you play the entire game in reverse.
The game starts with the final boss fight and you play the game in reverse.
And the whole reason behind that is I guess beating the final boss
screwed up the space time continuum.
So you have to go back in time to undo what you did.
And because of that, everything is predetermined.
All the motions in the game are predetermined.
Enter how it's a music game because you have to move up and down in, in time.
You have to hit the buttons to fire or, or like on fire or whatever in time.
And so it's a really neat little mechanic and your score goes down, not up.
And the whole goal is to get the low score in the level.
So yeah, I liked it.
That was really for 99 cents.
That was a really cool little game.
And I know we have a lot of music game fans at OLR that would get a kick out of that.
That was retro grade.
I recommend that one.
You can also play that with a guitar controller.
I do not know where my PS3 guitar controller is.
It's probably in a dumpster somewhere.
I think I threw it out when we moved.
So I'll never get to try out that mode, but it is out there.
You could borrow one of our million wins.
Not that big a deal.
I mean, the controls are, you move up and down.
So I imagine that was what the strum did.
And then you have the different buttons.
So it's pretty.
All right.
I think that's about otherwise just a lot of the same stuff in my gaming week,
like Final Fantasy 14 and Diablo three.
I'm up to Paragon level 52 and Diablo three.
Cause I'm really enjoying it.
Like the, the expansion and the patch fixed everything.
It's, it's so much more fun to play now.
And yeah, I'll be playing more of it on my new computer this week.
Yay.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm trying to look for more chat over at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
I'm trying to see.
Jason says, personally, I think Goonies is a horrible game.
Technically speaking, punch someone five times, punch every wall,
warping doors and hiding those behind you.
Fuck that noise.
Yeah.
You know what?
I'll give you that, Jason.
A lot of the game didn't make sense.
I wonder how much of that was lost in translation.
Because again, you remember those early NES games when they were translated from Japanese,
a lot of them lost something when they came over.
And I'm sure you guys have heard some of those infamous translations.
So I'm not sure if Goonies two is partially a victim to that.
Cause like to beat the game, you have to know to punch an old woman five times in the face.
And it's like, who would do that normally unless you have issues.
So, but I'm thinking something was lost in translation there.
I don't know.
You had to have a guide really to finish the game.
So I will give you that.
The design was not exactly intuitive.
So, uh, Tiger Claw apparently has assembled.
Here are the top 10 death scenes from Jurassic Park the game.
Would you like to look at some death scenes from Jurassic Park here in studio?
We'll look at a couple here.
Oh, sure.
And maybe, maybe Jason can put some of these on the YouTubes as well
when he puts the show together here.
Let's just look at a couple of these.
Oh, this is a six minute video.
We can't look at this whole thing here, but we can look at a couple just to,
just to get a feel for the game here.
And can we go river rafting?
No, we're not going river rafting in the commercial.
Okay.
I gotta, I gotta stop because this is spoilers.
Only if you lose, right?
I haven't, there's a part with scuba diving.
I'm not even two in the game yet.
So I need to need to, um, not do that.
What did you say the other games that you got were?
I got Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon.
Retrograde was the shooter.
That's the music game.
And then Everyday Shooter was the fifth one.
Okay.
That's what I bought.
I spent like five.
There was something else I was trying to remember you mentioning,
but I don't remember what it was.
You should click on my link in chat, Rob.
Oh no.
What did you do?
It's another YouTube.
Another one.
What is this?
Dare I ask?
Just click on it.
I'm sorry.
I know this isn't a whorehouse.
Yeah, I found a way to break the show.
I would have given the game an extra half star if it had that song in it.
Cause you know, they use the infamous John Williams score in the game and they use it
very well, but I think I would have given it a half star at extra star though.
Holy shit.
It's a dinosaur.
Like when you die, just play that song.
Uh, all right.
That's it.
That's it for my gaming week.
I think that's everybody's gaming weeks.
So, uh, some quick housekeeping, please follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O L R.
And you can also follow us on Facebook, Facebook.com slash orange on radio or
Google plus.
Yes, it's still a thing.
Google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
All the places to find us on social networks.
As far as I know, we still have shows every week coming up until probably July.
No, June, probably E3.
We won't be here, uh, that immediate Sunday.
We may or may not.
I'm still waiting to hear back on E3.
Bobby and I are trying to go this year to represent VOG and do some cool stuff there,
but we are at the mercy of the E3 Pope.
We are awaiting the E3 Pope's blessing and, uh, either we will be blessed or we
will be excommunicated.
We'll find out in the next couple of weeks.
Keep your fingers crossed for us because, uh, we want to, we want to do that same
thing that we did last year.
Only with two people this time, uh, covering the show.
So we'll see.
All right.
Uh, let us get into some gaming news of which there is, uh, just a little bit this
week.
It was a bit of a slower news week, but dark soccer and I are going to bounce some
game stories around here anyway.
Um, and, uh, Flaco Jones, uh, since, uh, I didn't know you were coming tonight
until your Easter plans ended early.
I didn't give you any stories, but please feel free to chime in.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
We need your, we need your wit and your puns because according to the chat room,
according to the chat room, I forgive your puns.
Oh, really?
I yelled at Loki about it a couple of weeks ago and I've turbo puns.
So, uh, you need to make some puns so I can scold you.
So fair is fair.
I blame Irene.
She always tells the best, worst puns and I, then I, I'm challenged to do even
more terrible ones.
No, I see.
So it's, it's a pun competition.
Yes, it's a pun off.
That's okay.
Very good.
Very good.
All right.
Well, starting with this, um, this series has been dormant for a couple of years.
I think the last time it had a video game was in 2010 and then it had a movie,
which was pretty forgettable, but it's Prince of Persia and Prince of Persia,
of course, started off as a classic computer game series that was 2d back in
the day and it made the shift as a lot of games did to 3d.
And, uh, the last game was, I think on PlayStation three, what?
Sands of Time?
Was it the last one that they did?
Uh, you know, which was, which was a decent, uh, decent game as far as action
adventure goes, but the time, the series has been sitting dormant since then.
Well, there's rumors out there that Ubisoft is making a new 2d Prince of
Persia game.
So going back to their roots, but here's the deal.
They're going to borrow from another Ubisoft game to do it.
And that game is Rayman Legends.
Ooby art framework powered the Rayman Legends game.
It's also used in a game called Child of Light and a French website.
And let's remember that Ubisoft is a French company, a French website, um, is
reporting that Ubisoft is making this game using quote the same techniques of
animation used in the last Rayman.
The Prince's body is divided into several parts, torso, pelvis, leg, shin, foot,
forearm, hands, et cetera, that are animated independently.
This provides a real diversity and credibility in the postures and movements
of the hero.
So it basically gives the illusion of 3d modeling, even though it's a 2d game.
And of course my mind goes to Extifer and his love of Rayman Legends, which he
never shuts up about that game, right?
Flaco, has he made you play Rayman Legends?
He got me a copy for Christmas on Vita and I still have not taken it out of the
street.
Well, I've seen so much of it.
I feel like I have to like wait now for it to like really go away from my brain
for a little bit so I can experience it again without being like, Oh, I've
seen this a million times.
Well, I'm not sure.
My viewpoint of Rayman is a little tainted because I keep thinking about how
much Extifer loves the game.
And if you guys listen to Hoard House, he talks about the game, even on that
show, which is supposed to be about online games.
He talks about Rayman a lot.
So my perspective is, Oh, people really like Rayman Legends.
I don't really know cause I just have Extifer, but I think it's been doing
well.
They've released it on tons of platforms.
I think it does.
Okay.
I mean, I don't think it did as well as they were hoping you would do, but I
know it did pretty well in the Wii U.
Yeah.
So that's true.
Cause it was supposed to be a Wii U exclusive and it's still, I think is
where it sold the best.
Yeah.
Oh, how funny.
Yeah.
But I kind of think like, Oh, well, you know, a 2d Prince of Persia in that
same vein would actually be kind of neat because that's how Prince of Persia
started anyway.
Right.
What do you guys think of the idea of Prince of Persia going back to 2d?
I think it's pretty cool.
I mean, I don't know about like going back.
I didn't really play a lot of the Prince of Persia games, but I just know that
that Child of Light game looks awesome.
I I've seen, like you said, extra play Rayman Legends a million times.
So I think the engine is really nice.
So if they're going to put it on anything, why not do that?
It's it's proven it's beautiful and it's really smooth and fast.
So yeah, go for it.
Why not?
It can't be any worse.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, Child of Light looks great.
I really want to play it.
Darzaka?
I think it's an interesting concept.
I mean, the whole thing is just, you know,
I I can see why there would be an advantage to doing that way,
but it seems like it would be complex programming wise.
It actually makes me think of basics of flash animation for doing motion
movement because you rig your your joints independently.
So I'm I'm actually sitting more or less not thinking of how the game would look
and play, but thinking of how it would be made.
Yeah, I really do.
You know, even if it does go back to its 2D roots,
I really hope they do modernize it in many ways.
It's not that, you know, the classics exist for a reason.
The classics are still great.
You can get the classic.
I believe they put it out on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live a couple of years
ago, they redid the classics around the time they put out the latest game.
But it's kind of like, all right, well, you know, those games also got a little
bit repetitive.
I mean, they were great in the 80s, but they don't hold up very well in today's
standards.
So I really hope if they're taking it to 2D, they're really giving it some varying
environments, some new mechanics, you know, some things to make it competitive
with today's platforming.
And dude better look Persian and not like some white dude.
Yes.
And he better look he better look like he's actually the Prince of Persia.
He can't look like Jake Gyllenhaal.
Very few people can look like him.
Actually, I'd be okay with him looking like Jake Gyllenhaal.
I saw that movie in the theater.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was it was a movie.
I think that if you're going to have somebody represent a certain ethnicity,
they need to look like said ethnicity.
The end.
Go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, I wouldn't mind seeing a 2D Prince of Persia.
It's a nice homage to its roots.
Darth Tetsuya said, I did like the 2D originals, though I think the only one I've
liked since was Sands of Time because it was similar to the originals.
But this new 2D one sounds interesting.
And Act F says, I'm in favor of Prince of Persia Origins, legends.
So there you go.
It looks like most people in our chat room are open to the idea.
So again, how much is it going to cost?
And is it going to look like a game that's worth 60 bucks?
If that's throughout, they go with it.
So we'll see.
So I hope they go download route, like with Child of Light.
Was that $15, $20?
I think so.
That could be it could end up being a network game.
I would assume since they're using the same engine,
it probably saves them a lot of money.
And you know, why not?
Well, I imagine this is one of the E3 things that is leaked out.
So we'll know if this is fact or crap come E3.
Remember, that is rumor right now.
But it's one of those rumors that has a lot of buzz around it.
Like, you know, you can usually tell the true runs from the fake ones.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyhow, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, there's this game that we play that involves cat people and really tall
people and really huge people and really tiny people.
Let's see Final Fantasy XIV.
No shit.
So anyway, Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn has reached 2 million registered user accounts.
So that means that this is since when was the release?
It was like last year.
So with the they basically after the beta, there were another million more signups.
So it's really starting to chug along.
So I'm very pleased because that means they will at least have it for a little while longer.
And such a neat story because of the fact that, you know, Final Fantasy Realm Reborn
was essentially having to do over a video game that flocked and it worked.
And I think there was a lot of that into the story.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They really had to back park the car into this spot that somebody else built, you know,
that was kind of a mess in some ways.
But they did a great job with it.
Like, it's a great MMO.
You guys know I never shut up about it.
And I'm excited that it keeps gaining steam too, because
I think Warcraft could use a little competition.
And it's not that's no disrespect towards Warcraft.
I love World of Warcraft.
I can't wait for the next expansion for World of Warcraft.
But I think Blizzard kind of tends to rest on their laurels a little bit with World of Warcraft,
because there is literally nothing going on in that game right now.
And Blizzard thinks they can get away with that for another six months until that expansion comes out.
And so I kind of think Blizzard needs a little fire under their tushies.
So I think this is only
a little?
Yeah.
Well, to be fair, I'm like, I am also obsessing about Diablo 3 right now.
And that's Blizzard.
I know tons of people that are losing their shit over Hearthstone, which is also Blizzard.
And that just had an iPad thing too.
So, you know, it's not like Blizzard isn't doing good things other places.
But it's just like, as a long time Warcraft fan, I kind of, I hate the whole...
They do a patch.
They do a patch.
They do a patch.
Drought.
$40 expansion.
Patch, patch, patch.
Drought.
$50 expansion.
Yeah.
The only thing I'm excited remotely about the next WoW anyway,
is just I want more Space Goats lore and I can read that.
They did things with the characters after the last bit that I just was not happy about.
So I'm kind of done.
Well, but you have been enjoying Final Fantasy XIV.
What do you think about Final Fantasy XIV?
Have you been enjoying it and you and your time back?
I'm really liking it.
I mean, it's not that I...
I mean, I just don't have a lot of time,
but I like that I can play it when I don't have a lot of time.
I will say this though, because I don't want to sound like I'm totally up
Squeenix's ass in my praise of Final Fantasy XIV, because the game isn't without flaws.
Like I do think Endgame right now is a little bit flawed.
I think the content itself gets a little dry,
but the good news is that Square Enix has done a very good job of giving regular updates.
And if they can actually keep sustaining that and not do these big drought phases like Warcraft has,
that's going to be the real test.
But if they can, apparently they have two teams,
one on the expansion, one on patches.
So if they really are able to kind of keep going with this,
it'll be a really, really good thing because each patch brings some like great stuff.
Like it seems like they have one every couple of months right now, right?
Yeah. And they're talking, there's going to be a, let's see, they're on 2.2 right now.
And then the next one's 2.3. That's a few months away,
but they're saying 2.25 will be out at the end of this month.
See more frequent, smaller patches. It works.
Yes. Just do it.
If I would just like take a bunch of their content and just like, you know what,
let's just put this thing in a patch.
People would, I mean, maybe it's a little artificial,
but people I think would feel better about it than getting it.
Yeah.
I don't know all at once and then getting nothing for two years.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
I just wish I had a little bit more time to play.
Um, but I, you know, cause everyone's sort of shot past me,
but I also have other things that I do.
So, but, but the nice thing is, is that with the whole level sinking, you know,
you can get your friends to come do the lower stuff with you.
And it's not just busy beating Titan.
They don't just raffle stomp everything and all that.
I did like tagging along for the treasure hunt,
even though I can't kill anything cause I at least get a little bit of something out of it.
But it was fun. I just stood back there and danced.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange
underrated with vog network.com. Use the passphrase journey.
Uh, C. Allen, our chat, Si Allen, our chat room.
I always mispronounce that name. So sorry, buddy.
In chat says sky is on squares payroll. I wish it would be, I can get paid for this.
How do you think you got this sweet new house?
All I have to do is sell out.
Yeah. You know, you're the first guest in studio N seven, I believe.
Really?
Wow. I guess so.
Yeah. And we actually, we have still haven't shown pictures of the new studio out there.
You want to, you want to quickly describe for listeners the new studio?
I don't have the best like way of describing things, but it's pretty cool.
We've had pictures of my feet in the new studio.
That's true. Um, no, I really like it here. I like all the geeky posters,
the game posters in your kingdom hearts. That's pretty awesome.
That was Alan's idea.
Yeah, I love it. I love all the posters. Uh, it's super cozy.
Keep it a secret.
It's like we're in, we're in like your living room or dining room area and it's just pretty,
it's pretty amazing. I really like it.
Thank you.
It's like, it's way different than being huddled over the kitchen table. The last time I was like,
that's all hit by the sit by the kitchen table and tell stories.
It's like in here you actually get to lounge around a little bit.
Yeah. I feel like I'm like kicking back. I got my brew free or die IPA product plug
and uh, it's really good. And so I'm just drinking some beers and having a good time here.
Awesome. I like, it's super cozy in here. It feels great.
We'll get a YouTube or something up soon and do all that. All right. Uh, let's see. Um,
what else do I want to say about final fantasy? I thought it was something else
I wanted to say about the game. Fat choco bows.
Yeah. Fat choco bows are great. Uh, the angle that final fantasy has that wow. Doesn't that
I think really does give them a leg up. PC PlayStation four, PlayStation three,
all coexisting peacefully on the same servers. Not a lot of games that do that.
Last game I can think of that did that final fantasy 11, which included Microsoft and Alan,
come over here. Alan. Alan's like me, me, me. I want to say something. Yes, Alan. Hi Alan.
How are you doing? I'm doing all right. Thank you for building me a PC by the way.
Maybe I'll sit in at the start of TARP part B and we can talk about it.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You can share everybody, the geeky specs and everything. Uh, what'd you want
to say about all this? Uh, the rumor is that the reason why, uh, final fantasy 14 is not on the
three 60 or rather the Xbox one is because Microsoft doesn't want their player base
interacting with people on the other console. They want their own 14 world. And square's like,
no, that's not what the game is. So Microsoft doesn't get 14 because they don't want to let
other kids play nice. I don't think that's a rumor. I think that's true, but it's, it's,
if the thing that gets me is that, but 11 was like, I was at the E3 where at the Microsoft
booth, they made a huge deal about 11 coming to the Xbox three 60 and that you were going to be
able to play with everybody else. And that was you, but you still had to have gold to do that.
And then the play online shed, right? Which by the way, who co-owned play online Sony. So you
had to install a Sony product on your Xbox three 60 to play final fantasy 11. That game broke all
the fucking rules and Microsoft was like Xbox one can play blu-rays. So I guess that's true.
That's true. Sony making money all over. All right. Uh, let's move on. Speaking of final
fantasy, I have another story about final fantasy for you guys. And that is about final fantasy
three fantasy three, not three America, which was actually six. Okay. But we're talking the
old school NES final fantasy three Japan that has been re-released here on America on the DS,
right? They did it in a three D format. They made it look more like the PlayStation
one era games a little bit. Um, it was on the DS and now it's on mobile phones, right?
Well, guess what? Apparently it's coming to PCs as well. Uh, this is revealed by a rating from,
you know, ratings boards tend to spill the beans all the times. It's always in another country.
Well, thank you, Germany. Germany's usk board apparently leaked the news file fantasy three
on the PC. Hey, for what it's worth, it's rated usk six, which I'm imagining means what six and
up probably type of thing. Uh, we know that final fantasy seven and five has a three already exists
on the PC, but we have not heard anything about final fantasy three. This would make sense though.
I mean, I would imagine the back structure that goes into the game can't be that much more
complicated than the already existing iOS port and excuse me, iOS port for Jamie gets me on that.
And, um, Android part heart. Uh, I, I, I imagine that it's not that difficult once those ports
exist to get it over to PC as well. I mean, granted my programming knowledge is very little,
but I can't imagine it's too difficult. But the interesting news is that would lead me to think
that if this is released and does a decent job, which final fantasy on the steam store at a
discount ought to do pretty well. This means we're going to get final fantasy four, final fantasy
five, and the, well, let's hope if they decide to put out file fantasy six, they go back and
fix some things that were wrong with it. But this could very much open the door to a lot more final
fantasy games on steam. We'll see. This could be very, very interesting. All right. Uh, going to
our chat room over at live.vog network.com Akuma JP and chat says why final fantasy three is already
everywhere. Good point. Keep in mind Akuma JP. We never, we, the game was new to us until the
DS version came out. It was the last final fantasy game to get released in the U S that
had been out in Japan, but not here. Translated Rome. Oh, look at that. Oh my gosh. On your little
Android. That's amazing. Um, Bobby Black Wolf wanting to clarify, uh, what Alan had brought
up earlier here about fantasy 11. He actually, uh, pointed to a news article from RPG site.net
that says Microsoft refuses to allow titles to share a multiplayer service between other
platforms for final fantasy 11s, Xbox three 60 release. The company made an exception,
presumably to Curry favor with square Enix to secure final fantasy thirteens release for their
console, but no such exception was made for the last latest MMO entry. Well, if the game continues
to do well, they might need to reconsider. Maybe they should pull final fantasy 15 from it. No,
just kidding. No, it worked. They got final fantasy, uh, 13 on there. So right. 12 and
did they get 12? No, just 13. Yeah. 12 was 12 was on PlayStation two. So yeah, I wish they'd done
12 on Xbox 360, but they didn't. Yeah. So no, it was just 13, 13, 13, two, 13, three, 13, four,
13. Sorry. I lost track. And presumably 15 is on the Xbox one as well. That's what I've heard.
So, so my joke was take it away from them. Well, there, there's some interesting news
we'll get into later where maybe Sony has now done some things that might not sit well with
Square Enix. So we'll see. We'll see. We'll get into that later in the show. All right. Um,
meanwhile, let's move on with some more news before we get to release date stark Sakura.
Well, there was some crap going on with elder scrolls online. They found a bug that lets you,
basically duplicate pretty much unlimited amounts of gold shows any max online studios that, uh, no,
they are, uh, going in and trying to, uh, make sure they can get the local economy back to normal
and trying to get the bug ripped out and squished like the evil that it is. Um, but they haven't
said anything about like what exactly they're going to do to address it. Well, yeah, usually
they're not going to tell you because they don't want people to duplicate the bug. That kind of
stuff is killer in MMOs, those types of exploits. Final fantasy 14 actually had one when the game
first launched on the realm reborn and they took out, not only did they patch it out without
telling people they were going to do it, they did it overnight, but then they went and like,
if you had Gil from this exploit, they either banned you or took your Gil away, all of it.
So, and like there were people that got caught up in it that weren't even like somebody had bought
something with the Gil from their auction house posting. And so they got the money taken back.
Like it's that it will fuck up an economy that good where they have to really change that.
But that's, that's crazy when, from my understanding is this bug was reported in beta.
Well, what they did since is that basically they have, um, disabled access to Guild banks
and, um, they had a patch out that changes the auto stacking in the Guild banks.
So it's basically trying to prevent it until they can, until they can fix the economy.
Oh, there you go. If you abuse it, lock it down elder scrolls online. You know,
there are some people I know that are playing it. They're really, really enjoy it. But, um,
overall the reception seems to be a little bit tepid. So I'll be interested to see if
they can keep up that sub fee thing going on. So you haven't checked that out at all, right? Flaco?
No, I have not. Not even the beta again, PCs dead, but it's supposed to be coming to BS four. So
it is. Uh, is that one of the ones that's on the one as well? I don't remember. I guess not.
I probably not. I don't think so. I don't think any, I don't think that any of these MMOs are
coming to one like world of tanks. Yeah. But then that's exclusive to them though. Right? Yeah,
it is. Yeah. So there you go. Get anything is by making it an exclusive. Uh, they had defiance on
three 60, but those servers were segregated or segregated. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So that's how they
got away with, I don't know. Maybe they're, maybe they're getting it and it'll be segregated.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out release dates and talk about some, uh, games
coming out soon in a store near you this week, uh, in the U S since Loki's not here tonight,
I'll go ahead and do the U S releases here. Uh, we have demon gaze coming out on the PlayStation
Vita Tesla effect on a windows and Macintosh. That's a text Murphy adventure and war face on
X-Box live arcade, all those games on the 22nd, as well as on the PlayStation four Flaco. I don't
know if you've heard about this game. Octo dad, deadliest cash. I am dying. I played it actually
on a demo kiosk fries and it was so much fun and a, you know, and I'm big into those, um,
what do they got? Awesome games done quick charity marathons. Uh, two years ago they had the people
that made Octo dad come on there and demo that, that verse version of the game that I believe was
free or really cheap. It was kind of like, you know, their, their first version of it. Right.
And, uh, it was really funny to watch them play it. And that, in that game it was on the PC and
you had to take the mouse and dip it in, hold it either the left or right mouse and like move,
like slide it forward and to move your little Octo legs. And from what I saw and then from what
I played at the PlayStation four controller, they really captured that perfectly because
you had to like hold up, hold one of the shoulder buttons and move one stick to move your, like half
of your legs on the one side of your body and then do it again to move your other legs. And you pick
stuff up and you move around very surgeon, similar, like, like you knock everything down
when you move around. It was really fun to play. And you know, a part of me, you know, I'm like,
I'm such a cheapskate. I'm like, please do you play station plus, but if it isn't,
I'll probably still throw some money that way because it looks really fun. Well,
there could always be a 99 cents sale. I know, but do I want to wait now? Do I want to wait?
I could wait for PlayStation plus, which I usually do, but for this game I might make an exception
because it was so much fun. Like you had to put on your tux to get to your like wedding.
It was hilarious. And no one knows you're an octopus because you're in disguise.
Well, on the 25th, a little later in the week, you can look forward to dark souls to getting
its windows release. So you can die over and over and over and over and over and over
and over and over again on your windows machines. So dark souls two coming to kill you this week
on the 25th, also on the 25th, a lot of Wii U Nintendo fans, very excited for the release of
NES remix two AKA NES remix with the good games coming out this week on the Wii U I'll probably
be picking that up. So I enjoyed any S remix until I had to play the games that you unlock.
So I was like, wow, they usually the unlock stuff is the good stuff. But here I got golf and wrecking
crew and urban champion. Are they discounting the first one? I don't know. But if you own both,
you get like a bonus mode, you get that 90s championship mode, where you can, you know,
you get the like, remember that cartridge that was in three steps, the very rare cartridge they did,
like a wizard style tournament where you did, it was rare. I don't remember. I didn't have rare
stuff. No, no, no. I mean, it was actually a rare. That's what I meant. I only had, what was it? The
86 World Championship? Yeah, there was two of them. One of them had rad racer and Tetris and
another one had, I don't remember. Yeah. I didn't, my parents hated buying me video games. So I only
got video games that were handed down to me. So I got whatever my uncles bought. All right. So those
are the releases in the U S this week. Let's travel over to Japan real quick and see what's coming out
over there. Cause you know, what comes out here tends to come out there a little later. Sometimes
what comes out there comes out here a little later. Sometimes, uh, first off, uh, on the
PlayStation four, nothing. Cause you know, it's still kind of new over there and they did get
final fantasy this week. Uh, Xbox one still not released over there. So there's nothing to report
on that on the PlayStation three. However, there's a few things, uh, 2014 FIFA world cup Brazil on
April 24th, along with grand theft auto for the complete edition, uh, love photon flowers. You
know, we love our love love here at orange on its radio. And so that is coming out on PlayStation
three red dead redemption gets a price reduction in the complete edition comes out, uh, as well on
the 24th and ahead of him. Tengoku dah, toe, Omo, Tata, Yandere, Jiyoku data comes out this week
as well. And I have no idea what that is, but, uh, I recognize the word Tengoku that's heaven,
right? Yes. Uh, it looks like cute girls raising a cat who's and the girls sometimes their clothes
fall off. That's apparently what I'm getting from the screenshots and they're in made uniforms
and, uh, pervy kids everywhere. The cat looks up at them from very low angles. Yeah.
I think we know what kind of game that is. All right.
Those are the kind of games that for some reason don't get released here. I don't understand,
uh, on the Xbox three 60 this week, uh, monster hunter frontier GG premium package. Ooh, uh,
Jason love plus Pingo in regular limited and Sega store limited edition. Is that like the old school
Pango game? Like redone? Oh my God. It is. It's the old school Pango game. Remember the,
the penguin that you push around the cubes and everything? It's like a new version of that,
but it's like in widescreen and shit. Are we getting this here? That's kind of rad.
Not with that box art. Yeah. That box art is amazing. I love it. I guess. Yeah. Wow. I didn't
know that Pango still had like rabid fans over in Japan or something enough to necessitate this in
three different releases. That's pretty cool. All right. Well checking out the handhelds. Oh,
sorry. I strict with you real quick here. We, you does have, they get the retail release of
Famicom remix one and two. They're getting a retail release this week. So you got that as
well as a monster hunter premium package as well. I think it's just a rebranding of monster hunter
all over again. Checking the handhelds now on the PlayStation Vita blaze blue chrono phantasma,
uh, Rayman legends and sword art online hollow fragment in regular and limited edition on the
Vita and on the 3DS this week, uh, theater them final fantasy curtain call. Ooh, I want to play
that for the record. Um, Ecoma JP says that Pango is huge in Japan. Wow. I love Pango. I didn't know
it was like a huge thing over there. That's cool. Uh, and, uh, let's see if last but not least on
the 3DS this week, maple story. Unmei no shouju comes out this week. Fate of what? Uh, it's just
a maple story side story. I'm sure is all that is. It looks, I'm trying to see if it's like,
it looks like the actual maple story is so cute and it looks boring as hell to me, honestly.
All right. Some people will be into it and yes, thank you. Acted after I was thinking that
Octo dad equals chicken boo, the game where a disguise look like human guys. Isn't, um,
Octo dad more like QWOP kind of, I never played that, but I heard that control wise. Yeah.
I guess surgeon simulator, surgeon simulator meets chicken boo. Maybe that's a better
description. Anyhow, dark soccer. How about the UK? Um, there's some stuff, a few things. Um,
on the 22nd war face comes out 23rd, the walking dead season two on Vita and 25th dark souls two
and Joe Joe's bizarre adventures, all star battle. And that's it. You know, it was just funny. I'm
still kind of hilarious that Joe Joe's bizarre adventure is still like,
uh, I guess a lucrative IP, especially since it's been done for like years. Wasn't,
I think the manga was like originally out in like the mid early to mid eighties. Wasn't it?
I think so, but my, my mind just goes to Mojo Jojo or KC and Jojo, but how did the Jojo
fighting some system or the other? Yes. My kids love Powerpuff girls.
All right. One more story for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week. And
I like being able to do gamers do good news stories this week. And there was a great,
uh, there was a really cool little fundraiser that happened this week, uh, that was taking place on
Twitch, you know, as a lot of fundraisers do for video games, but playing a game that's near and
dear to our hearts. DDR. Yes. They were playing DDR on Twitch for the team in training leukemia
and lymphoma society. Um, so they were on there. I'm trying to remember what the specific rules of
the whole thing were. I believe it was that he was going to play, uh, DDR. He was going to keep going
and, uh, his name is Jeff is the guy that did it. And, uh, Carl, his friend was the guy that was
raising money for the leukemia lymphoma society. I've actually heard of this cause I have friends
that do this. It's like a big marathon that you raise money to do. And you know, at, um,
the money goes to a good cause obviously. And they actually do good on like the Komen group
for breast cancer. Yes. Uh, and, uh, so they were doing a desert bus for hope style where
you donate and it will force them to keep playing DDR continuously. And, uh, if you donate, you can
make requests to do like weird things or play songs, make them play, keep on moving or, or what
is that song? That's so God awful in the game. Um, let them move. You can play, let them move
over and over and over again, if you want. Um, well notch, you know, the notch that made
Minecraft, he decided to drop $10,000 on it. So they got to dance all night long. They went for 16
hours. So nice. Very cool. He has all that extra money. He's not supporting the Oculus anymore.
Now, now don't shade him when he's doing good. Yes, he's doing, I said some shady things about
notch a couple of weeks ago. Cause I thought that was some, some BS, that whole thing about the
Oculus, but look, he's going to put the money towards good places. We should say thank you.
Not so good job. Not good job right off job notch. Now maybe you should reconsider some other things.
No, in all, in all seriousness, I know some of our listeners were like, I know like Jason was
watching this feed and as soon as Matt was telling me about it and dark Tetsuya,
all these people were talking about, uh, what was going on with that. So I think that's a great
thing. Uh, raising the money for good. So, uh, congrats. And I, that's awesome that it was such
a success. They raised, I think I heard it was like $17,000. Wow. Yeah. Right. God. And I thought
it was awesome when we raised a thousand dollars on Horde house last year, which was awesome.
Don't get me wrong. No, that's great. Congrats you guys. All right. And I really hope you didn't
have to play, let them move. Cause the song is so awful. So awful. Hey, uh, less awful.
A chance to take a trip down memory lane and visit a classic video game. The dark soccer things. Hey,
listen, all you little brats out there enough of this whole new fangled MMOs that aren't on your
X-Box one, those were called gemstone and they were texts and you plan through AOL. That's right.
You played Ultima online or get out. You might've been eaten by a group and you liked it. Maybe
it's the classic game of the week. Dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find
a game that she thinks, Hey, play this. Are you stupid? Dark Sakura. Yeah. You're stupid. Cause
you are the dark soccer. What is the classic game of the week? Alex Kidd miracle world.
Because I somehow haven't done this game yet. How have you never done Alex? I think I did
Alex Kidd in Shinobi world, which was the one I really liked. Ah, okay. Alex Kidd in miracle
world. Alex Kidd in miracle world is a very special game. Um, it was a platformer that came
out on the Sega master system and it came out in Japan on Saturday, November 1st, 1986. And then
went to, uh, the Western area and Australia in 1987. And it's probably the best known of the
Alex Kidd games. And when the master system two came out, Alex Kidd miracle world was built into
the system. And, um, it basically you play as Alex Kidd who lives in the miracle world. Um,
that's like this big fantasy world and he has the ability to punch rocks. And so he's going to look
for his, uh, long lost brother, Prince Eagle. And he punches frogs in the face.
He does. Um, to fight against Junkin the great who, um, took over the land of Radaxian.
So basically, um, you basically have to, uh, all the citizens were turned into stone.
And so you have to, uh, basically do all this crap to go rescue people. And you go around punching
rocks and punching creatures and riding. And you're on a motorcycle. Exactly. Riding
motorcycle. So you have all kinds of different stuff to go. And this feature, um, you basically
also have different ways to continue the game. It has a continue feature that's undocumented
where you can continue the game with three lives from the beginning of the level where you died.
You hold the up button and press the, uh, the two button eight times during the game over screen.
But it costs you 400 bombs, which is the, uh, the currency in game. Um, to finish,
um, you also, uh, have to face a boss who you have to win by playing, uh, Junkin Pong,
which is, you know, rock, paper, scissors. And then, um, it's such a weird way to fight bosses.
You play rock, paper, scissors. There's no, there's a strategy, but, um, to finish the stage,
you also have to grab a food object at the end of each of the stages. You can only take one hit
before you die and it doesn't have a battery save option or a password system. So what you see is
what you get. And to be good at this game, you really have to wait, wait, you die in one hit.
Back in the day, you had to be a pro. However, like I said, there was the, uh,
undocumented system. So Sega loves us. Um, so, um, well, if they really loved us,
they give us Shenmue three. So I don't think they really need to let the Shenmue thing go. I can't.
Anyway, um, this was, uh, basically the game was created to combat Super Mario Brothers.
Um, and Sega, um, was, uh, really trying to, to have a good competitor. Um, basically
what they were trying to do without Skid, they had already had, um, Wonder Boy also.
Um, but they couldn't do it with those types of platformers. They didn't actually get any
good competition until Sonic was created, but the game was received very well. Um,
they loved it in France. What don't they love in France? Americans. Oh yeah. Um, IGN, um,
for a 2008 retro review gave the game a nine out of 10 that won an editor's choice award.
Well. And there's a French band, like I said, it's loved in France. The French punk band called
Chunk No Captain Chunk have a song named after the game on their album Something for Nothing.
The game used to only be available in cartridges. There was a slightly different version in 1990
that came out, um, for the Master System 2, but like I was saying, it was also built into the,
uh, Master System 2. And, um, the game also was re-released along with Super Hang-On and Revenge
of Shinobi as part of a Sega vintage collection, Alex Kidd and Company, which came with Xbox Live
Arcade and PSN. Um, there was the sequel, there was Alex Kidd and the Enchanted Castle,
which is the fifth one, but it was considered the actual sequel to Miracle World. And that one came
out for this, uh, Sega Mega Drive, which was the Genesis over here. So it's, uh, that's it.
Alex Kidd and Miracle World. It's a damn good game. Why aren't you playing it?
I'd go, go, go do it. You can get it on virtual console, right? You said?
Um, PSN. And yeah, I think it's, I think it might be on virtual console. I don't know.
All right. There it is. Your classic game of the week, Alex Kidd in Miracle World. And you
could rock, paper, scissors. I still like Shinobi World better, but that was me.
That's all right. It's well, you know, cause it, it has, because it's kind of the marriage of the
Shinobi World as well. And it's a little, little more. That was actually the first Alex Kidd game
that I played with Shinobi World. There you go. Yep. All right. Well that is going to do it for
this part a of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere guys. Cause we have plenty more of the
show to come, including the FUGL question of the week. Uh, your emails, the FUs of the week and
your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. More with Flaco
Jones as well after the break and Alan going to be here to talk super nerdy computer building.
So we'll be back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Stay tuned.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio with episode number 549 already in progress for this
April the 20th of 2014. So happy Easter to you or happy 420 or happy Sunday, whatever it is you're
celebrating today. Uh, welcome back. Flaco Jones joining us in studio being our extra special
guest. Uh, Loki not here tonight. Uh, he is off celebrating Easter with the fam. Dark soccer is
here in studio celebrating her birthday and uh, she got some presents earlier in the show and
then gave us presents. Those yummy scones is very delicious. Um, also joining us here at the top of
part B cause we said he'd be back here. Uh, Alan is here. Hello. How are you Alan? I'm good. How
are you? Yeah, I'm good. So Alan, thank you for building me a new computer. You're welcome. I was
due. What do you mean you were due? I usually try to upgrade my own PC every like three to five
years and I usually build them to where I can last the whole five years, but I haven't been able to
afford one. My machine that I built is still running from summer of 08. So I'm running a six
year old system. Go straight to gamer jail. Um, but uh, when you, for the longest time when we
started dating, I was like, you have a pre-made gateway, I'm going to build you a PC. And it
finally happened. Did you judge me a little bit for that? No, you didn't know any better.
Yeah, I do. I do. But yeah, no, you made it, you made it your, your mission to build me one. And
they actually said at the store we went to to buy all the parts, which it was fries, whatever.
I usually don't like naming places cause they don't pay us to mention, but whatever,
went to fries. And they were like, uh, you know, you bought all this stuff and we'll assemble it
for free. Do you want to do our assembly? I didn't, I didn't know that they even did that,
let alone for free. But I was like, I can handle it. And I did. It was fine. Yeah.
Well, except for that part you broke. That's all right.
I mean, it's the thing that was wrong out of the box. No, the chip you tried to put in your
computer today. Yeah. That I, that was my fault, but I was trying to cannibalize your PC that was
now you've replaced it. So I was like, Ooh, you've got a quad core. I want to take that. But I
somehow bent a couple of the CPU pins, which is, which is bad. But I, I got to take some Ram.
I took some of your Ram. Are you noticing any difference at all? Not really. I'm defragging it.
So there you go. Yeah. All right. So the nerds want to know what, what's, what's the specs.
What do we do? Uh, how do we build the new PC? So if to start to stop any like fan wars before
they start, I have certain allegiances to products that are just based off of my own experiences.
If I had one bad experience with one brand and then good experiences with another,
I'm just going to lean towards that. So I went with AMD just because I feel the performance that
you get in the longevity you get for the price is better than Intel. You're paying for a premium
with Intel. I know, but kind of like buying a Sony TV, why would you want to spend the extra
two grand on a Sony TV when you can get a Samsung? That's kind of my attitude about it. Um, it's an
AMD 8,358 core. It's got eight cores and the clock speed is 4.0 gigahertz, uh, 16 gigs of Ram,
uh, Corsair Ram. I'm not sure of the speed. And it was, it wasn't the most super ultra
fastest Ram cause it was just too expensive for 16 gigs. So it was kind of in the medium range.
And then for the video card, it's a EVGA is the ones who made the card and the chip set
is a, uh, Nvidia GTX, uh, 760 with two gigs on it. And it purrs. It's very quiet and I'm jealous
of it already. Oh, it's such a quiet, but I had, I had, I had a fun time. I had a great time building
it. Oh, good. I'm glad to hear it. I had a great time playing games on it last night. Yeah. Every
it's like three is so smooth and a solid state hard drive for instantaneous windows and game
loading. And that was based on Facebook recommendations. You didn't have that in the
Yeah. Well just for regular disc trade, like a SATA hard drives, you can get like a terabyte
hard drive internal for like 110 bucks. Like just the cost of space is dirt cheap. And I'm like,
if you've got a steam library, like we do with like 400 gigs worth of games that you can install,
why not get like a giant fat plate disc hard drive? But everyone's like, no, you got to go
solid state. So it's like, all right, you're the one buying it. So I'll get, I'll get you the
prettiest thing. Um, go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Tiger Claw asks about
the PC case. Does it have a side panel window? It does. Um, which, which is really good because
when you hook it up and you're ready to turn it on, you hit the little switch, not the main PC
switch, but you hit the little switch on the power supply to get that power. Um, there's a little
green led on the motherboard that lights up. It says everything's good. You're, you can try
turning me on. So the, the, um, the little glass panel on the side of the case lets you see the
motherboard. And I think there's like a red light or like it'll blink. It'll blink. If like, it's
like, don't turn me on. Like you screwed something up. A lot of those things are kind of foolproof.
Now. That's great. Like I'm sure there are nightmare stories where you hook something
up wrong and turn it on and then you smell ozone and you just blew out the stuff you just bought.
But there's a lot of fail safes in that stuff now. Um, now earlier in the show, when I was talking
about the computer being built and everything, we had a chatter that said, why not just get a PC out
of box or that's, that's really nerdy building your own PC. So why, why build your own PC Alan?
Why, why did we take that route? It's kind of like, I don't know,
dudes that are into, or, or, or women or whoever, uh, who are into cars that like just buying,
restoring cars and they're all, their hands are all cut up and they've got calluses cause they like
going in and going, here's this thing I made. That's, I can look at that computer and go,
I built that. Um, also being kind of pretentious you, if you build your own,
you can get exactly what you want. Um, the only way you can really do that as a gamer is to go to
Alienware or what's that one company that they always podcasts have an affiliate program with
them. They're in Seattle. Oh, uh, no, we won't mention because they don't sponsor this show.
Well, you can, it's a cat apartment systems. Okay. All right. Um, Oh, okay. That's right.
I just remembered. Um, you can go that route, but then you're paying a huge premium for all
the souped up water cooling, dry ice, bubble led blinky shit like jet engine, weird custom
loose site stripper heel case. Well that case has these two holes in it. And I was like,
is that so you can fuck your computer? No, they're like, they're like little rubber
buttholes that you can stick your finger in. No, it's for, it's for water cooling. If you
want to run tubes, if you want to run tubes through like a chassis that will cool your
graphics card and your CPU. So, um, you know, the case, um, for anyone that wants to Google image,
search it, it's an ant tech and I love ant tech. That's one of those things where,
why did you go AMD or why did you go into video? I just, I've had good experiences. So I'm,
I'm loyal to those products. Well, and I know my current case is an ant tech 900 and I got you
or picked out for you an ant tech 302. Uh, code man in our chat says I had a bad AMD
processor once and it turned me off, but I love AMD video cards. That's actually where I'm at.
I love the AMD video cards, but since, you know, I was, I was letting Alan be the boy playing with
Legos and yes. Yeah. All right. You just, you do what you think is best and all. I had a nightmare.
The computer that I had before this one, um, the catalyst software that ATI might be better now,
but there was something about that catalyst software and the other hardware that I have,
it was, I hated it. It blue screened all the time and I just, I did not like that. But Nvidia
was always generally fine for me. So, okay. Um, gosh, I'm trying to think of what else to
ask you with that. So are you, are you already thinking about what you want to do for your new
computer now? I could upgrade. I mean, I can't get something as souped up as what you have,
but I could like, I'm still on a dual core. I could just get a new motherboard and a CPU,
even just keep the Ram that I have, even though it's like five year old Ram,
I could probably do that for like 300 bucks or less. And she's, she's thinking they might have
an extra quad core processor. I bet if we batted our eyelashes and asked very nicely,
it's probably people out there that are getting like, I just got rid of mine. So my stuff is so
old that I can't really even like the chip that I have is the highest chip that my motherboard
will take. So I have to replace the motherboard too. All right. Well, if somebody wants to donate
to your new computer fund, where can they find you on the internet? Uh, salacious pop on Twitter.
It's salacious underscore pop on Twitter. And then I'm Alan alchemy on tumblr. There you go.
And, uh, I fixed your DVD Ram drive. Usually there's one minor thing where I'll build the
computer and turn it on. And like the little activity light that blinks when like you're
reading to the hard drive that won't be hooked up. The thing that I forgot to do is your,
your DVD Ram rider drive. I didn't hook it up to the power supply. So when I turned it on,
I hit the little eject disc tray thing and I'm like, Oh, oh, DVD, DVD. Ram's not working. What
I do. I just, I just hooked it up to power. Now it works now not to be reading Facebook
messages, uh, publicly, but I have to ask you about this one because I noticed our buddy Brad
from pod culture commented on your post about how you accidentally botched the pins on the four core
Intel. And he suggests the old trick of using the barrel of a retractable ballpoint pin.
I did not know about that trick and I may still try that. The thing is, is that I didn't realize
that some of the pins were bent when I was trying to originally see it back onto the board. And by
trying to see it, I made them worse. So the pins that the pins that are bent are pretty badly bent.
They're not really kind of just leaning. One of them is pushed all the way down like flat.
So that's pretty bad. That's bad. Yeah. All right. Well, anything else you want to share
with listeners tonight? Um, I'm sorry that I don't guest on the show more, but as Rob knows,
Sundays are usually my Mondays at work. Um, so I'm at work and then when it's a holiday or work
is slow and I'm home, the show's great, but it's like, it's a free day off. I'm like,
I don't usually work on Sunday, so I'll do housework or I'll just play 14 or video games
or Diablo three. And then I'll listen. Like earlier when I was doing laundry,
I was listening to the show that's happening in the house on my cell phone on a 10 second delay.
So I would hear Flucco Jones laugh in person and then I would go down the hallway. Then I
get the laugh again in my head, in my head, in my headphones. It's a very trippy effect
to stream a show that takes place. Well, if you hurry, you can hear yourself. Yes.
Uh, quickly though, what other, what other games have you been playing lately? What have you been
into? It's a 14 and doing this stupid, it's more a conversation for a whorehouse, but the bullshit
with the new kind of like your legendary weapon that they have in, wow, the relic stuff. It's
really to chain you to a subscription because it takes so long to do. And so much of it's based off
random numbers that I'm just, I'm hooked on trying to get that done. Uh, one more tip from Brad from
pod culture in our chat room at life.vognetwork.com. Brad says really slowly bend it back with a pen
and it should work. So yeah, good luck. I mean, Hey, if that works, that'd be awesome for you.
Yeah. Good luck. Yeah. Uh, gosh, I can't think of anything that I already know. I've been playing
14 Diablo three, which Skyrim. Oh, I talked earlier about Jurassic park. You've been watching
me play that. What do you think of that? It looks fine. It looks like just one. It looks like a
telltale adventure game. I did. There's there's the, the, the, I don't know if it switches
characters in the, in the later episodes, but you're a professor, a veterinarian and his daughter.
And she was asking him a question and I kind of chimed him, daddy, why do we look drunk?
Because they kind of have this glassy eye, like the art direction's kind of weird.
Like they just look, I swear to God, he should be doing live streaming. He is so
funny. So why do you think I like him? So sometimes watching, watching the characters
kind of talk, I'm like, there's, something's wrong with them, but that has nothing to do
with the game. That's just kind of like how the people look, but it looks, it looks fine.
Well, and then my favorite, well, I don't want to give a spoiler, but it's just, you know,
the two characters that, Oh, they know each other. What a surprise because yeah, well,
they both have bandanas. They're both, they're both the two people that aren't white.
They both, they both have tattoos and it's like, and then she's like you and I'm like,
of course they knew each other. Like it's, it's, yeah, it's bad. And then I loved screaming,
like you were trying to, you were trying to solve a puzzle involving turning on the electricity.
So when she opens up the electrical cabinet, I'm like, and dinosaurs,
dinosaurs right now, lost her after right now. And he just kept waiting for dinosaurs to jump
out for no reason. Like she, you know, she, she turns over like a dinosaur.
As soon as they got the power on, what happened?
A dinosaur showed up. But I want dinosaurs, like a full T-Rex to come out of like a can of soup,
just like dinosaurs, like, like snakes in a can. But yeah, it looked fine. I don't really
understand why. It's got some, a few tech hiccups though.
Yeah. When the, when the game kind of froze, but three or four sentences of conversation audio
were still happening. And then the subtitles and the video kind of caught up with the conversation.
I was like, was that lag? Like what just happened? So yeah, there's a lot of weird tech stuff.
All right. Well, Alan, we're going to get back into some rapid fire news and emails
and all that good stuff. But thanks for dropping by.
Did you see in chat when I said there were two OLR birthdays this week?
No, tell us about the other one. I did see it, but it, our conversation had moved on.
It was a whole delay thing, right? So tell, tell listeners about the other birthday.
Our kitty Sanrio is 14. She's very old and she's still in great health. She's just,
she's old so she sleeps a lot, but she'll be around for a few more years.
That's great. Well, we'll give her extra, but we don't really celebrate cat birthdays sadly.
I would like make her some actual fish, like tuna or salmon and cook it up,
make kind of warm and give it to her. But I don't want her to have,
I'll have to deal with that in the litter box later. So she doesn't really get
a birthday feast. Her, uh, her system is too fragile for that. So she gets kibble forever.
There you go. Well, she gets extra pettings. Yes. Today. All right. Well,
Alan, thanks for stopping by. Feel free to, if you hear Flaco Jones laughing later and
you want to respond to it, feel free to just jump in here. Okay. All right. You're always welcome.
All right. Like the laughing gas left up track on big bang theory or something. I can't stop
laughing. O L R was taped in front of a live studio audience of just Flaco Jones.
All right. Uh, Oh, hack deft in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says Sanrio.
I'm not sure how to stop with the old jokes chat. I know, right? Y'all are mean.
All right. Let's go to some rapid fire news. You guys, we're going to talk about a few things
happening in the industry quickly. Uh, starting off with, um, I gotta be honest, guys. This is
what happens when you have a week where there's not a lot of news. You get a lot of, you get a
lot of stories, you get a lot of rumors and talkings going on. And there's an interesting
story out there about apparently Sony originally wanted Titanfall on the PlayStation Vita.
Titanfall, of course, the big game that came out on Xbox one last month,
yet PlayStation four still managed to sell more consoles, but that's probably the price difference
and nothing else coming into play there. I don't know, but anyhow, Titanfall was the big app that
was, uh, going to move some Xbox ones last month. And it probably did, but it could have maybe moved
some Vitas, uh, apparently respawned and reached out to Sony before the exclusive is exclusivity
agreement, exclusive agreement, God damn with Microsoft, uh, to talk about, uh, all, all that
and putting Titanfall on the Vita. Um, this all came from the final hours app, which is, uh, was
released for Titanfall. There's been a few of these apps for games like tomb Raider and I think
portal two might've had one and some of those games. So, uh, that all came out of that. However,
respawn did after the story first broke, they did clarify that Sony wanted it to do what was called
an R one project on the Vita, not the finalized Titanfall games. In other words, it was way before
the game became what it was is when Sony wanted it, but I still kind of go, well, that's still,
you know, that's still pretty big because, you know, respawn the whole way that, you know,
kind of started and what the kinds of games they've made and so forth and in their history and
so forth, you, whoever was going to get the exclusive from them was going to be a big deal.
So it's, it's really not a surprise at all that Sony pitched it. I think the, the interesting
thing to think about is what if that game had been on the Vita? It's kind of interesting,
but I think response coming out and saying, if it had been the Vita probably would have gone
a completely different direction. So it makes sense to me. So anyhow, there is that talk going
on on the internet this week. Um, speaking of team-ups that didn't happen, Activision,
and this isn't, this is something Activision said themselves. Activision said that initially
they wanted to team up with Skylanders with Nintendo. Uh, Nintendo turned it down.
Now, even though Skylanders, uh, is on Nintendo devices, as you know, Skylanders is pretty big
and it's on all the different game consoles. Uh, here's a quote here from, um, let's see,
uh, who said this? I don't know who said this comment here because the, the source article
I'm reading never says who, who did this, but, uh, some executives at Activision said, quote,
we have been directed towards thinking about something that would play well with Nintendo.
I think there was some co-marketing money and the Wii was doing well. They had some success
with peripherals. They spent a long time looking and looking. They were just like,
we've never seen anything like this before. I've always wondered about the full meaning of that
comment. We have no idea why they didn't commit. Clearly they have got properties well suited to
this world. Why is it that they didn't rush in here will probably haunt them for the rest of
their days. So, um, that's interesting that Nintendo could have had that, but they didn't
want that. Um, but it's not that, I mean, again, Skylanders made the Nintendo platforms at the end
of the day, but Nintendo would have been more deeply involved probably with the creation and,
and considering some of the strong characters that Nintendo builds that could have made for
a very interesting partnership. So, Hmm. Um, also, uh, in kind of what the heck type of news going
on, uh, bungee, which, uh, made the halo series in the past and is now making destiny, which a
lot of people are looking forward to, including myself, uh, let go their big composer this week,
Marty O'Donnell or Martin O'Donnell, excuse me, who, uh, actually crafted some of the,
the Epic soundtrack for the halo games and was working on the destiny games was terminated by
bungee this week, which is, uh, very interesting. Uh, bungee did talk to the media at a destiny
preview quote, we don't make decisions lightly and the music from O'Donnell will remain in the
upcoming game, but there's nothing else after that. So, uh, very interesting circumstances.
The tweet from, uh, him says I'm saddened to say that bungee's board of directors terminated me
without cause on April 11th, 2014. Wow. So you got to wonder, I mean, I don't know, like, I don't
want to be all up in the business. I mean, who knew maybe the guy showed up late for work every
day or something. I don't know. I just, there could be a million, a million, billion reasons,
but it's going to be weird because this music is so, so, so good, uh, that it's not in the,
um, next game after destiny two or whatever inevitable things comes after that dark saga.
He could have just been a big diva, you know, you never, it could, I mean, there's,
we don't really, you know, companies aren't going to exactly talk about personnel issues forthright.
So we're left to rely on Twitter and reading between the lines and all that.
Well, in some other quick news, um, infinite space three sea of stars is going to be available via
steam early access. Um, so you can basically play it as it's in progress and it's supposed to be a
pretty neat game. I mean, there were strange adventures in infinite space in 2002 and then
weird worlds returned to infinite space 2005. Um, infinite space three sea of stars is going to be,
$9.95 and like I said, early access. And then, um, there was a little bit of talk about, uh,
the last of us, the PS4 edition about if it was going to be, um, discounted as well. And, um,
uh, uh, dude from Naughty Dog, Eric Mona, Monticelli, is that how I pronounce his name?
Um, said, uh, that they're looking into the business model for the, uh, different versions
of the game. Um, at least as far as discounting the PS3 one as well. Um, and they were looking
for owners of the, basically the big question was regarding the owners of the PS3 version
who also got the PS4 version, but they haven't given anything really committed to it.
And then, um, last but not least in Outrun, uh, 3D Outrun is going to have two new songs in it,
like brand new songs. One is, um, it's coming out April 23rd in Japan. It's Cruising Line
by, uh, Manabu Namiki and Camino Amiamor from, uh, Jane Evelyn Nisperos. And there's going to be a
new car, three different simulated cabinets, four screen modes, remappable controls,
replay saving with multi-spleet payback, uh, mid-race saving, customizable volume for game
audio, engine noise, and ambient arcade machine noise. So, yay. That's it.
Are you going to be picking that up? Huh? Are you going to be picking that up? Outrun on 3DS maybe?
Well, I'm sure Dan will probably. He's the one with the XLs and he's the bigger Outrun fan.
Gotcha. All right. Well, now is the point where we're going to, uh, turn to our listeners for
feedback on a particular question we ask in a segment we call the Fugal Question of the Week.
Every week we ask a question of our fan communities over on Facebook and on Google Plus.
And, uh, we read some of our favorite answers here on the air. Uh, tonight was a bit of a tricky
question, but it has to do with the whole Prince of Persia thing we talked about earlier. And the
question we asked was, what classic video game franchise would you like to see done in the style
of a newer video game? So that's the question we asked because, you know, Prince of Persia being
redone like Rayman Legends. So, okay. Let's, rumor anyway. Let's see what you guys think would be a
classic video game redone, like a newer video game. We'll start with Google Plus tonight and
some of the answers over there. I love this answer for entertainment. Leisure suit Larry
done in the style of Farmville. You can help, you can help your friends to farm the necessary
materials to put together the necessary quest items in order to hopefully nail that saucy Latina
down the hall. Or you could actually talk to that equally saucy Latina in the cubicle next to you,
who has the added quality of being real. I don't know where he was going with that,
but I like the opportunity of combining Leisure Suit Larry with Farmville. It's great.
Panaxium replies. It says Kid Icarus done in the new Strider style. The new Strider game was
pretty hot. Kid Icarus, don't think that would be cool. Or Mega Man X done like the Mass Effect
trilogy. I don't know about that one. Who would be interesting? Who would Mega Man romance in that?
I don't know. That would be very, very interesting. All right. Act Deft replied on
Google Plus and said this reminds me of the 3D classics Nintendo and Sega made for the 3DS.
I would like to see more games done in that style. Well, you got Outrun to look forward to. There
you go. And Travis H says Symphony of the Night done in the style of Shadow Complex or Super
Ghosts and Goblins done in the style of Rayman Legends. Oh, Ghosts and Goblins. That's a, that's
a series that's been gone way too long that would be cool to see come back in a new modern platform
style. That's pretty cool. I like that. Let's go over to Facebook and see some of the answers
over there on facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio. Just a few comments on Facebook tonight,
so I'll go ahead and read them all here. Fifth Dream says I used to love an old game called
Gain Ground. I imagine it would be really cool if they revamped it to be a lot like Diablo 3.
You know that's happening with Gauntlet. Gauntlet is being redone and it's going to look like,
we talked about that a couple weeks ago on the show, it's going to look like Diablo. I'm very
interested. Awesome Unicorn says every game series ever with good music done in the style
of Theatrhythm Final Fantasy. Donkey Kong Country, Castlevania, Saga, Mana, Kingdom Hearts. The
possibilities are endless. Okay, that's not what you really asked, but I still want it. You know
what? I'll accept that answer, especially because some of those games you mentioned were other
square franchises. I was kind of surprised it wasn't DLC in the first Theatrhythm,
maybe in this Theatrhythm game, who knows. AZHP, I love this answer, says Final Fantasy
done in the style of Bravely Default. Okay, do you guys get why that's funny? Because Bravely
Default is a throwback to the old Final Fantasy games, whereas Final Fantasy 13 and so forth
haven't really been like the old Final Fantasy. That's the joke. Forget it. All right,
Ospher says I'm going to do a reversal on this and say a newer game done in the style of an
older one. Who said you could change the rules? Who do you think you are? All right, fine. I'll
take it. Ace Combat, yes, the flight simulator, done in the style of Sonic the Hedgehog 3.
Okay, if you're going to flip the script, do an answer that makes more sense. I don't get that
one. I guess because it's fast. He says because it would be hilarious yet beautiful. Fabrice A
replies on Facebook and says the first Sega Rally Championship with upgraded Outrun 2 graphics.
It might be good. Good times. Burr replies and says mech warrior done in the style of Titanfall.
By that I mean more urban warfare with lots of ground units and elementals.
Lots of mechs or mechs are coming back in with Titanfall. I mean, not that mechs ever left,
but definitely Titanfall. Like everybody loves the mechs in that game. All right, there you go.
Those are the answers from Facebook and Google Plus and we look forward to seeing more answers
throughout the week. And you should add us on our communities so you can answer questions in future
weeks. There you go. Some folks in chat trying to figure out how the hell is Sonic 3 going to work
with a plane. And Orange Right says Sonic 3 with a plane. ACT-DEV says Sonic 3 already has a plane
though. That's right, like in the very beginning of the game, right? And Darted Studio just says,
I don't even know how that would work. I'm going to ask for to email us and tell us a little more
about his plans here. It is 4.20 after all. So you are going to hear some really weird ideas today
for no particular reason. Just saying it's, you know, just it's all the peeps people are eating
today. Everyone's high on peeps. Okay, fine. Everybody's chocolate peanut butter eggs.
I haven't eaten any of those yet. Tomorrow's the big day. I bought a bag of peanut butter M&M eggs
and they are delicious. Why did you not share? I should have brought those over. I brought beer.
I'll take a beer. Go for it. I got a couple left still. I'm not drinking anymore because
they're a little strong. Free beer. Jamie has to drive home, so no beer for me. Awesome. Okay.
What was I going to say? I was going to ask you guys if you had a, I know it's a tricky question.
I don't know if you guys thought about it before the show, but a old video game done in the style
of a new video game. Anything you have to think of? An old video game done in the style of a new
video game. Well, I'm in honor of my Silent Hill shirt. It's not really like that old,
but, and I said this when I first played through Heavy Rain with my friends. I was like,
why don't they do Silent Hill like this? It's so cinematic. You know, I know it's not Silent
Hill, but the series really hasn't gone very far recently. So it's not like, just say the old,
the good Silent Hill games done in the style because then maybe, you know, and I love the old
good Silent Hill games, but maybe what I'm thinking is more as a revival, do it in that
Heavy Rain. What's the other game that came out this year? Beyond Two Souls style of, you know,
choose your own adventure. Very cinematic, very scripted, but there's multiple branching paths
and it can turn out a really good story. I love those games. So maybe since Silent Hill's kind of
falling off and it's hard to recapture the magic, doing the same thing over and over again, maybe
do something like that. And I don't know, that's just something that I thought of. Not really the
exact question, but. The first Mass Effect remade with Mass Effect 3's game play. I'm not serious
about that. No, yeah, yeah. It would, it would help. That's like the one thing I don't like
about the first Mass Effect is that I like playing like the way the third one plays better than the
first one. I think a lot of games could benefit from that. I know I hated the first Uncharted
game. I liked the other two, but the first Uncharted game is such a slog to play through.
It's like, I wish it was more like this, more like this. And they really, you can tell when
a game improves on something and it's like, but then sometimes you wish they could go back and
fix the original. Gosh, I'm having a hard time thinking of a good answer for this. I thought I
had something before the show went live tonight, but maybe I kind of want to say, I don't know,
my mind goes towards, I really want to see a Gradius revival done. And I think I'd like to see
it in the style of like, like a, like a twin, like a modern twin stick shooter, maybe something like
Resogun, like really pretty like that. But like, I think I just really want a new Gradius game,
honestly, is what I want. So otherwise, maybe a rad racer game, cheesy 3D and all done in the
style of Burnout. How about that? It'd be fun. All right. Let's go back into some other news.
Huh? Actually something just occurred to me. Yeah, go for it. We were watching some
Inside Sim Racing, which is a video cast that Dan likes to watch, was doing a review of,
I think the game's called MX2. It's a, it's a motocross game. But they mentioned something
about wanting customizable tracks. I was just thinking, wouldn't doing Excitebike in the style
of MX2 be cool? Cause that actually was a really neat looking game. Just saying. Bobby Blackwolf
in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says Rock Band in the style of Flappy Vog.
All right. Let's get back into some news. Let's see. I mentioned earlier in the show that there
was some interesting things going on with Square Enix and Sony and that whole thing. So news broke
earlier this week that Sony announced they're going to be selling off their stake in video
game company Square Enix. You may not have known this, but Sony was actually an investor in Square
Enix since the early two thousands, you know, around the time they got Final Fantasy 7 to come
out on the, actually it would have been more around nine probably was coming out around that
time. But yeah, Sony was once an investor in Square Enix. They owned 8.2% of the company.
So they sold off 9.5 million shares valued at $156 million, leaving a $47 million profit. However,
we won't really know what this boils down to until the end of May. Now don't think that this
is because Sony's like mad at Square Enix or something like that. Like it's not necessarily
that. This definitely seems to be a, you know, basically financial. It's business, not personal.
Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Really. They're saying that basically Sony's been streamlining
their operations. For example, Sony got rid of the VAIO computers. They laid off employees.
They restructured the TV business. They shut down some of their buildings, including the
old headquarters in Tokyo. So, and the New York City tower, as well as the Sony,
even though the PlayStation is doing very well for Sony, they're really struggling in some other
areas. So this is kind of part of how they balance the books basically. So that's what's going on.
Now, no clue what this means for Square Enix. But hopefully they'll be able to, you know,
kind of, you know, since this is a traded company, those shares will get picked up
somewhere else. We'll see. So, an interesting, interesting move. You know, Sony and Square
Enix back around that same time would have been partners in that whole play online thing. So they
were kind of, you know, they were close buddies for a long time, but now who knows what this will
cause for the future. Dar Sakura, what do you got for us? I have some stuff. Basically, given that
we were talking about Silent Hill earlier, this is pretty good to mention, is that Silent Hill
Origins and Shattered Memories are both going to the Vita. And that's soon, according to Konami.
But they will be 7.99. No, I don't really see what the word is for how it would be in US and
Japan. So, also, I accidentally closed the thing trying to make it visible. I don't think it was
just Silent Hill Origins. I want to say Shattered Memories. I did say Shattered Memories. Oh, sorry.
Rob, that's what you get for nothing. See, now we can make this the Pooh and Rob. He had to open
his beer. Yeah, I know, right? There really wasn't a whole lot else just talking about the history
of those games. Silent Hill Origins was a PSP game from 2007, and Silent Hill Shattered Memories
was PSP, PS2, and Wii, which was a little different. I played that game on the Wii.
The problem I had with that game was, and I don't know if you can do this, but the nunchuck is
corded, right? I don't know if they have wireless nunchucks, but there's an element of that game
where if a monster... Well, the move is wireless nunchucks. No, I'm just talking about the actual
Wii. The only ones I ever used were wired nunchucks, so there's a part where the enemies
have to grab onto you, and you have to shake the controller, and I kept whipping myself in the face
with the cord between the nunchuck and the Wiimote, and I'm just like, ah, get it off of me! You shake
it off, and the monsters get on you, and you zap, and you just keep whacking yourself in the face
with this stupid cord. That game was... It could have been so much better. I don't know. The worst
part about it was when you're exploring the world in that game, nothing bad can happen to you,
so it kind of takes away that tear element. It's creepy and everything, and it's got the atmosphere,
but the fact that you're completely safe at all times you're exploring is weird. It's like you're
used to walking around the corner, and there's a dog or a monster or something that can just start
getting you, and you're trapped, and you don't have any weapons or anything, but in this game,
it's just like, oh, these are exploring parts. Nothing's going to hurt you, and these are the
monster parts. You just run, run, run, run, and if something gets on you, you shake your controller
and whip yourself in the face, and that's all it was. Silent Hill for five-year-olds?
Yeah, it really wasn't. The thing is that the monster running parts were so hard I had to have
my friend Nathan do it. It's like, you do it. I get lost, and if you slow down for a second,
you just get overwhelmed. You die and just start over, but there's only a few of those segments
really in the game that are... There's three really hard ones. The rest of them are pretty
easy, so it's more of an experience than a straight-up game.
I don't know how that would translate on the Vita. Like, you shake your Vita around?
You shake the Vita?
But I never played... Apparently, there's a PS2 version, so I don't know. On that one,
I doubt... You can't shake the controller around, obviously,
so maybe you just mash a button. I don't know.
Jiggle the analog sticks.
Yeah, that's probably what it is.
Would you be interested at all in checking out either of these games on the Vita?
You know, I never played Origins, so I would be interested in playing that one.
I do have it on PS2, but I don't feel like hooking it up, so... For eight bucks,
and maybe it'll be cheaper someday. Maybe I'll get that one. I always wait out for the PS Plus
deals, so there's a chance I could get it really cheap. I would probably get that one.
That works.
All right, well, moving on to a story about the Xbox One. The Xbox One got a bit of an
update this week. They had an update roll out to the Xbox One consoles that include quite a
few things, including improved game DVR video quality, Blu-ray player supporting 50
HZ video output, where applicable, controller and headset firmware updates to help improve static
issues, Connect voice and motion improvements, which some people have been bitching about on
the Xbox Ones. That's good. Friends improvements. When favorites and friends sign into Xbox Live,
you'll get notifications. I had no idea this wasn't already on the One. It's on all the
systems that are out there today. That was interesting. And then game app and saves progress
bar updates. So you'll actually get a progress bar that shows you how far along your game is in
saving, so you don't think the whole thing's locked up and shut it off prematurely or something
like that. So that should be already out there on the Xbox Ones. If not, you should probably
connect your system to the internet and let the magic happen so you get all those fancy new
updates. All right, we're going to open up our mailbag every week. We invite you guys to
participate with our show by emailing us participate at orange lounge radio.com.
Dark soccer is going to dive into the email bag and pick out a few emails that she believes are
worthy of sharing on tonight's show. Well, we had four emails, which I am actually waiting to
load now that for some reason I keep getting disconnected. Your tablet is being very unruly
tonight. It is. But there was one that SSG100 Matt sent us that we've actually already covered.
And that was about the DDR marathon and Notch's contribution towards it. But it's definitely good
that you wanted to let us know about it. We should spread gamers doing good. We should spread the
good news with that. So I kind of knew that would come in from some of our listeners that have been
with us a very long time when we were music exclusive. Hey, that's one of the downsides
about getting into the late 30s. I could never do a marathon like that anymore. I need a marathon
where I can be seated and play the games. I can't dance for 16 hours straight. So more props to you.
It's just hold on because it keeps logging me out of the email.
So I'm very, very irritated right now. That's not good. Well, that's the joys and
adventures of doing live radio. Because again, we do tape live on Sunday nights.
And those of you guys that listen to us through the podcast feed, you should try to join us
sometime. I mean, I know Game of Thrones is on and all, but you can pirate it later like everybody
else does. That's what Netflix is for. Well, actually Game of Thrones ain't on Netflix.
You have to HBO special. They do their own app. But anyway, we've got, we've got mail.
Hey guys, this show is awesome. You make a boring data entry. So much more exciting for me here at
work. I heard you need more emails. So I'm going for it. I just started playing torchlight too.
And it was my very first top down RPG experience. I started co-op with a buddy at the hardest
difficulty. I seem to die every five minutes. Any tips? Start on easy and practice.
Yeah. Honestly, you answered your own question. Uh, you've got it. You got to tone it down
and practice and then work your way up to that. I don't remember with torchlight to either if it's
like Diablo, the thing in Diablo, you start on the easiest difficulty, get gear, and then you
can amp up the difficulty to get better drops. And then once you get into like torment, which is the
hardest difficulty, you get like the best drops in the game. So you do have to work your way up.
I can't remember in torchlight. I have played torchlight and I liked torchlight to an awful lot.
I can't remember if it was that similar thing where you can take that character and move them
through different difficulty levels. I don't recall, but if you can, I would suggest doing
that for sure. But, uh, I, I think you actually answered your own question. If you really want to
otherwise, like you're all gung ho about, Nope, we're going to do this in the hardest difficulty
from the outset, then you gotta be prepared to die a lot. But I would say, know when to go in
and retreat. And especially in those types of games, I find that if you get just a little too
close, like you're running too fast, you'll pull a whole pack of mobs at once. So I would say,
move slowly, take it slowly. I still say, go start easier so that you can learn the mechanics
while you have an opportunity to use said mechanics. That would be my first answer as
well. But if, if for whatever reason you guys are like, Nope, we're going to do this
the hardest way and get our achievements and that's what we're going to do, then that would
be my strategy is make sure you're moving slowly. So you don't pull a whole screen of mobs at once.
All right. Um, also I really prayed that Titanfall would be the Call of Duty killer,
but at least on PC, the active player count has gone way down to the point where a couple
playlists are completely empty. I think it's because the game is too difficult for Call of
Duty newbies who can't take their shooter skills vertical. What do you guys think?
I think I don't like either game, so, um, I'm more interested in Titanfall and Call of Duty for sure.
Um, just, you know, I, I liked more of the sci-fi stuff and you know, that's why I was in a Mass
Effect and so forth. But, um, I haven't really played it on PC. My assumption is that the player
base is probably dwindling because a lot of attention gets diverted in other directions on PC
and especially with the cost of the game being a little high, you probably really only have the
diehards in there right now. I would imagine as soon as the game gets discounted, which is going
to be a little bit because EA doesn't always discount right away, but once the game does
get discounted, you'll probably see a lot more people jumping on board with that real quick.
Just give it a little time. It's probably a game that's going to build slowly. Um,
and I think a lot of people, you know, on the Xbox one, that was the big game for the month.
So you're going to have people that kind of last a little longer, the pool of players on there,
because there's not a bunch of other stuff on the Xbox one competing for attention right now.
Have a wonderful Sunday and keep gaming guys. That's from EA Skizie.
Thank you EA Skizie.
Next up.
Good luck typing. Because they said data entry was their thing.
I don't have any ideas, any idea what prompted this discussion topic,
but what major video game characters slash enemies come to mind? His primary attack
is self-destructing. I was thinking of Dan Hibiki because his version of the Shingoku
Satsu takes him down to like one bar of life. Um, the four most obvious ones to me would be
the creepers in Minecraft, the Bob-ombs from Mario Brothers, um, two, sorry, and the Pokemon
Voltorb and its evolution electrode and possibly the prenees from Disgaea. And that's from Robert
M. Optional P.S. I heard Weird Al's your horoscope for today and check to see if there
was an AMV style video redundant for a certain web comic, which of course there is.
That homestuck.
Yeah, even I got that reference from the shirt talk you were talking about later.
Thank you for the email. What a random question, but you hit all the big ones. I would have
thought of the prenees from Disgaea too, but one that you didn't name since we've been on
a Final Fantasy kick tonight. There's always some type of bomb. Yeah, there's a bomb,
mobs, grenade, or whatever they call it in the game. And their big attack is, uh, exploding.
So you have to kill them before they explode and kill you. It's almost always in a Final
Fantasy game. There's one of those.
Doesn't one of the weapons kill itself if you can't kill it in seven or was that something
else I'm thinking of?
I think so. It has been forever.
Some enemy will, oh, uh, pyramid head. If you don't beat, well, when you technically,
when you beat the red pyramid, it actually turns and lands on, he lands on his, uh, knife.
That's right.
So not that it's an attack that's self-destructing,
but that you don't get to be the one to get the kill hit really.
Flaco Jones, you a big fan of any self-destructing mobs in video games?
I hate self-destructing mobs in video games.
Very random question.
Me and PvP.
Chrono Trigger has those ones that they give you tons of XP and everything,
but you have to kill them before they self-destruct. There's those like rock things.
Uh, when you're up on the mountain.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Me and Spelunky.
That for me, that's like a race. Like I got the XP because they're so good for farming on,
but if they blow up ahead of time, you don't get anything.
Uh, me and Spelunky, I self-destruct myself all the time in that frustrating ass game.
That's for sure. All right.
Little big planning to blow yourself up.
They just did that to work around people getting stuck on their terribly designed levels.
You know, the first one I thought of was, was Dan in Street Fighter.
Cause he has his, that the screen goes black, everything. And he's like, almost,
he does die if you're, if you don't have a full life bar.
So, and then it does like two bars on the enemy or something like that.
Well, that was a random ass question, but you know what? I like random questions. So thanks.
This is the random show.
Um, last email then. Greetings, OLR. Since you have been light on emails lately,
I figured I'd send one that I'd been batting around for awhile.
This has to do with the dream I once had as a child.
At the time, the dream had tormented me due to its promises. And I'm wondering nowadays
if I was really onto something ahead of its time.
Run the clock back to mid 1991 with the SNES American release, uh, quickly approaching.
Having finally discovered the true glory of RPGs,
I was positively salivating over the intended power coverage
of the incredible looking Final Fantasy II, which was IV over there.
For the upcoming powerhouse of a system, the game was consuming my every waking
moment until it finally snaked its way into my dreams.
Now, I didn't actually dream about the game itself per se,
but rather I dreamed about the act of owning it.
You see, in my dream, not only did I own the cartridge for the game,
I would transform it to fit whatever system I tried to put it on.
Game Boy or SNES.
Much like the cross-saved functionality of Sony's products today,
I was carrying this game with me and playing it constantly.
At the time, the dream just left me frustrated and impatient,
and I can't help but feel like decades ago,
I foreshadowed the way I'm currently playing Final Fantasy X and X-2.
So, OLR crew, have you ever had any particular memorable dreams involving gaming,
whether it be about a game itself or just the act of gaming?
My most sincere apologies to everyone
if I tap into Hidden Well of Nocturnal Subconscious Mass Effect slash fiction.
Keep up the great work, and thanks for the hours of entertainment.
Sincerely, Awesome Unicorn.
A dream involving video games.
I know, I had one, actually, I can tell you right now.
Okay.
This is how I figured out how to play DDR properly.
It's because I actually, because I kept doing the step back to the middle thing
that everybody does when they're new, and then I just like, I went to bed,
and then I started dreaming about moving from arrow to arrow,
and then I got up and played the game fine the next day.
I went from doing like three star, or three foot songs,
to going right into, you know, sixes with no problem.
So it was just, it was just a sort of an occur to me kind of thing.
I don't really remember dreams.
I'm one of those people, like some people can't remember their dream,
which is funny because we were talking about my memory issues earlier in the show,
but like for real, once in a great, great, great, great while I'll have a dream that I remember,
but it's so rare, like, and not nothing I can think of that involves video games, actually.
Sorry.
I do almost, almost always remember at least something I would have dreamt the night before.
I'm a lucid dreamer.
No, not me.
So like, wow, that's one thing that that always crept into my dreams.
It's like, because you stop playing, but the game is so like,
I don't know, monotonous, I guess, in a way.
I just, I would go to sleep and I would just imagine I'm still grinding on something.
You have to go to kill 10 chickens in your sleep.
Yeah, killing like, I'm still doing all this.
It really is like that.
It's weird, but it's not, it's not a bad dream.
It's like, hey, cool.
I'm still questing while I'm sleeping.
And it's fun.
My wife has them too.
She tells me all the time.
She's like, oh, I just, I just dreamed I was like riding my mount through the barrens.
And that's just something that happened.
At least in the dreams, there's no barrens chat.
At least not for me.
I did kind of have the dream about, wow, one time.
Do you remember after, this was when we were still on Blade's Edge,
and I was playing as Rebecca Black when I finally decided to level her.
Yes.
And the one guy was following around, making up his own lyrics to Friday.
I dreamt about that last night that I was playing through like
a 16 bit version of wow, with that being the background music.
That's awesome.
With me playing on Rebecca Black.
It was pretty funny.
Wow.
What, what made you want to roll a character named Rebecca Black in the first place?
I was bored and I was going to make a tank.
And so I couldn't think of a name.
So just made Rebecca Black.
Did you roll the character on Friday?
I don't know.
However, those details are important.
I use the dorky human female with the long black hair.
So the only, the only human female model.
Well, yeah, but she had the, the one with the long black hair.
Yeah, but she had the, the long black hair and everything.
Okay.
And, um, I actually got her to 85.
Wow.
And I had one person drop out of a Headless Horseman pug.
Because, and our healer, mind you, I ain't healing Rebecca Black.
And oh hell no drop.
Well, next week I'll know to ask you, I'll say,
Hey, Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
And you'll say something like,
I super like Saturday.
Oh, the sequel song that she did.
It's actually really good.
Yeah.
It's actually like, she's actually learned how to sing.
Uh, but it's not, it's not technically her, is it?
It's her and somebody else.
Well, no, she's her and some other guy, but it's mostly her.
I like Conan's version of Thursday.
That's my favorite parody.
Uh, let me see if I can get a little clip of Saturday here for Flaco Jones.
And if you're pissed and I'm playing this, blame Flaco Jones.
Don't, don't play it.
No, you can't blame me.
The lyrics are actually kind of funny.
The lyrics are for Friday or Friday.
We so excited.
Look, she wrote in the sand.
So excited.
Oh my gosh.
So she made a parody video.
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
And like my favorite side is the guy who's singing it with her.
She's like, Oh my God, come over.
You know, completely messing up.
And he's like, sure.
As soon as I find my pants, it was really funny.
I thought it was,
Oh, Bobby Black Wolf is cursing out Flaco Jones in our chat room and revoking all of his loot.
I said, don't play it.
I actually, I actually do.
Saturday is sort of like my guilty pleasure song now.
I hated Friday because I can't stand auto tune out of tune.
Okay.
Saturday is actually good.
Everybody has a guilty pleasure song.
Well, if I'm already having all my loot revoked, then just play Chinese food.
Is that your favorite?
Is that your guilty pleasure song?
The Chinese food song.
It is now take down the network.
Uh, my favorite guilty pleasure song is two one two by Asphiela Banks.
But anyway, just listen to it on your own time.
I confusion.
All right, Rob, I have to have paintberry tonight.
It's Easter Sunday.
They're probably closed.
So we'll break in.
All right.
Yes.
Thank you, gamer girl.
I agree.
What says, Oh my, Rebecca Black actually has a voice.
Well, she was only like 13 when that Friday thing, but that's why I couldn't like some
she's actually done more music since then.
Some of the things that people said about her when that video is huge.
I was like, you know, she's like 13, right?
Did you know that they did a Rebecca Black, uh, reacts video to Friday?
Oh yeah.
And it's her reacting to it two years later.
My favorite was, there was, um, there was like a, it was, it was either death metal
or screamo version of Friday.
Funny.
And I'll still post that on people's Facebook to this day.
Not good shooting any conversation.
The best thing to come out of Friday was gang fight.
Yeah.
The bad lip sync or whatever, which I still have.
Don't, don't judge me.
I still have it on my playlist.
All right.
So, uh, somehow our emails on dreams turn into a discussion on Rebecca Black.
So thank you to the emailers.
Man, that's my fault too.
I talked about, wow.
All right.
Uh, any other emails tonight or is that it?
That was it.
And I'm sorry.
SSJ 100, Matt.
Your email was super long and we already talked about it, but I still love you.
I hope you're enjoying Passover.
All right.
Participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
If you'd like dark soccer to dismiss your email as well.
I acknowledge it right from the beginning.
Oh my God.
Rob, I can't believe that you, you know what I can't, I can't now thrice acknowledge.
This is me.
Unable to cancel.
Oh, she is unable to even right now.
I can't even.
It's happened.
It's it's not happened.
It's it just, I just right now.
Okay.
Dark soccer is getting wound up.
You guys, you know what that means?
It's the can't evens of the week.
Dark Sakura.
Marissa's in chat.
Hi, Marissa.
We love you, Marissa.
Why aren't you here, Marissa?
I can't.
I can't either.
Uh, but, um, fuck.
Um, this thing that's suddenly appeared on the side of my face.
It hurts.
It's because I've been, it was because.
Are they flames?
No, that was Victoria already today.
I'm rehashing jokes.
On the side of my face.
No, well, no.
I was going to say, um, I've been eating nothing but crap and my body feels like crap and I
miss the gym a whole lot.
So just F you.
Gym's right here.
Yeah, I'm right here.
Yeah.
Can I bench press you?
I don't know.
I had, remember four hot dogs and a hamburger and a pile of potato salad today.
Probably not.
But I miss, I miss being more active like that and how good I felt all the time.
And so, and this weird gas, it's like having to burp and can't burp.
So I actually literally can't right now.
Literally can't, uh, my, a few of the weeks, the stark soccer, I brought her up.
My few of the week goes to Victoria because you know, of all the years I've been doing
these shows and have known Victoria.
I think she's only ever been on OLR once.
And that was back when we were in the garage studio.
It was way too long ago.
Victoria, get your ass over to Bob.
Yeah, she needs a game of throne show on the network or something like that.
She call it chair of swords.
Something game of complaints.
That's all you people will do to watch that show.
You just complain a lot.
All right.
Uh, or game of spoilers.
Game of spoilers for a 10 year old book.
Uh, Blanco Jones, your FUs of the week.
Uh, it says, Loki's not here.
I'll complain about bad drivers, uh, trying to get here today and like stuck behind a
slow moving car, but it's like a Mercedes.
Like drive your car faster.
If you have an expensive car, you can afford to get tickets to drive faster.
Of course I finally pass him and he's like, he's like drinking a soda and looking down
at a phone.
So of course it's like, all right, well, at least he can kill anybody.
All right.
There it is.
Your FUs of the week.
Love it.
All right.
One more story for you guys.
And then we're going to open up the Skype line.
Cause we want you to call in and be with our show.
Uh, one eight seven seven game, O L R or username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
And the last story tonight has to go with a sale.
And it's something you want to get now on sale because the game will no longer be available
after April 30th, a moment of silence internet for burger time world tour.
That's right.
The moderate envisioning to one of the greatest classic video games of all time,
time, time, time, time is, uh, no longer going to be a thing.
And let's be real.
The re-imagining was kind of jank, but it was a great game, uh, back in the eighties.
And, you know, we, we love these reimaginings of games.
They, they remind us of the past a little bit, but anyhow, uh, the game is on sale on
Xbox live arcade PlayStation network.
And we were for $4 and 99 cents.
Monkey paw who published the game is, uh, having some expired licensing agreements for
Peter pepper and all his, all his friends.
Cause monkey paw games didn't create burger time.
They had to license it from somebody else.
So burger time world tour will be a shutdown by the food and drug administration on April
30th.
I guess, I guess, I guess you could call it, say that this video game got assaulted.
I could see the pun coming from so far away.
You weren't doing it.
I was face palming before you said it all the way.
That was a preemptive face palm.
I love burger time.
Who doesn't, who doesn't people that don't know their games?
That's who all right.
One eight seven seven game, O L R or a username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
You can give us a call right now and we can talk about anything we've talked about on
the show world tonight so far, or maybe you have something else you want to bring up with
us or what have you.
This is where I'd usually turn to Loki and go, Hey, you have any last minute news, but
he's not here.
Flaco, you have any last minute news?
Uh, I wish I could drink more beer, but I have to drive home.
I'm going to leave that last can for another day.
Yeah.
So I save it for a rainy day.
How do you like it by the way?
It's pretty, it's pretty hoppy.
It's, it's an interesting kind of flavor.
It's not as dark as it was in a hoppy brew.
Is that where it is?
Very hoppy.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's an IPA and you pay a little.
So yeah, it's hot, but it's got a nice maltiness.
It kind of offsets the bitterness.
Yeah.
I like it.
All right.
Hey, we've got a call coming in.
Talk.
We'll, we'll ask our caller if there's any last minute stories.
Hi.
I'm orange launch radio.
Who's this?
That's your residence.
Your favorite anime con whore Rama.
Hey, anime con whore Rama.
Were you a wonder con this weekend?
Uh, no, I was at sleep con.
You know what, with all the cons you go to, I'm not surprised at all.
You don't, or that you, you have to sit one out once in a while.
Yeah.
Cause I'm gear.
Yeah.
Cause after PAX East and Castle Point, we're gearing up for another con this
weekend and another one after that.
Oh God.
What's this weekend?
Uh, Zenkai con.
It's a local con out in Philly, Lancaster County area.
And after that as a con, I think the entire OLR staff should go to call it
as a 21 plus convention in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Oh, this could be a fun convention.
No, not a con is not Otacon.
Oh sure.
Okay.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, we're talking about something a little bit different now, just out of
curiosity, have you ever heard of record store day only this year?
Yeah, I heard about it this year.
I didn't know about it from years past, but apparently this is the fifth or sixth
year.
I think it's, it's a similar thing to like free comic book day, right?
Where they try to entice people to go, you know, fuck iTunes and, and, uh,
Amazon MP3 stores and all that.
And, and go back to the roots of the, of a retail music store, I believe is the,
the concept behind it, right?
Yeah, that, yeah.
Which is pretty cool.
I didn't even know about it till late Friday night till a couple of the nerd
core rappers I follow on Facebook linked me to a special album that was coming
out as part of record store day.
Yeah.
Um, if you don't mind, I'd like to play a quick track from it.
Cause I think everybody here knows it.
Okay.
Can you hear it?
No.
Yeah.
Well, if you can't hear it, then my system sucks.
Well, anyway.
Is that the Manamanaguchi song?
Oh, yup.
There we go.
Yeah.
I heard that there was something involved in the Scott Pilgrim soundtrack and them put
out on LP, Scott Pilgrim versus the world, the game.
Hmm.
That's awesome though.
But yeah, a lot of people are saying they missed out on it.
Even Bobby and chat right now is saying they didn't allocate any of the video game releases
to my local store.
So, cause what happened was when I first heard about it, I pull up the list and I'm like,
okay, I'm going to do some side questing and find it.
Cause I got four requests on Facebook to find this.
One person never got back to me.
Another person found it in Ohio and our friendly neighborhood Mexicans getting the other copy
I was able to track down for him.
Well, you can always buy it on eBay for like 50 bucks.
That's okay.
I'm keeping my copy sealed.
I went to like three different stores called two.
Most of them all said we didn't get it.
So I found a place called turntable lab that had it.
Huh.
Well, congrats on your find.
Thank you.
I kind of wish I did have a turntable lab to be perfectly honest.
I'm going to keep this sealed just for sentimental value.
Cause when we have kids, when we pull this out, they're going to be like, what is that?
And then we'll have to sit down and explain to him to them back in the day before it was
digital music, before it was CDs, you had cassettes, LPs, and we go back a little bit
further eight track.
Bobby Black Wolf says they only made like 2000 of them.
And there were 1200 stores participating in record store day.
So that's why they were kind of hard to find.
I would show, you know, if you're going to show you talk to your grandkids about records,
show them those pictures of like a record player and the needle in the record at like
1000 magnified.
Cause it's really cool what those things look like close up like that.
That sounds like a great idea.
It's like an old episode of three, two, one contact or something like that.
Well, that's cool.
I'm glad you were able to get out there on record store day.
Anything else to share with listeners tonight?
Let's see.
Oh, besides the fact that Dr. Luigi and fan Mario were a smash hit at PAX East, I can't
think of anything else.
Are you getting to see some of those pictures as they go up on the internet from PAX East?
Yeah.
Me and Marco are in a couple of videos that are flowing around at PAX.
I shared on my Facebook page and I have to get my photos up as well.
Very cool.
Excuse me.
Very cool.
I'm glad to hear you guys had a good time at PAX East.
I, I really need to get it back out there for some, one of the PAX is obviously my feathers
were a little ruffled at some of the comments that they'd made and just the, how fast that
shit sells out.
And I'm usually working during the day when those tickets go on sale.
So I'm gonna have to be a little more on it in the future.
So well, do what I do.
If you got friends at you that you, I got friends I have room with every year.
It's like, we sit there and plan.
One person handles the, the credit cards and the badges.
Then I handle the credit cards and the hotel room because whoever has the best internet
can handle, you know, and we just delegate like that and we get shit done.
Well, I am, I am hoping to do something like that, at least for Dragon Con.
I've kind of got some like that running and who knows, I'm hoping to get out properly
to the, I would say the East coast, but Atlanta's really East coast to me.
So to the Northeast coast soon, because it's been forever since I've been to NYC.
Been forever.
Yes.
You need to come and hang out for a weekend, have a good time with the, with the New York
OL army.
I will, I will make it a point to do so soon.
And if nothing else, the motivation of Neil Patrick Harris's Hedwig is a huge, huge motivation.
A friend of mine saw, saw that yesterday and got, got his autograph.
Well, consider me a jealous bitch.
Oh, Rob, what are we going to do with you?
The same thing you've done with me for 12 years.
All right, Rama.
I'm going to let you go get more calls.
That's illegal in 38 states.
Not this one.
All right.
Hey, yo.
Bye Rama.
Bye.
That's illegal in 38 states, but I thought the Supreme court, nevermind.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Give us a call and we'll talk.
Whatever you'd like.
I must apologize.
I have lost my connection to the chat room.
What?
Unacceptable.
I know.
Just kidding.
All right.
We do, we do have more calls coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's that?
Who's this?
Hello.
Is this Marissa?
Yes, it is.
How you doing, girl?
I'm good.
How are you?
I have nothing relevant or on topic to talk about, but I'm sure that we'll have a giggle
fest anyway, right?
Who gives a shit?
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't have to talk.
We'll talk about whatever we want.
Damn it.
Yeah.
One of these days I will come up there and we'll do a series of episodes and then we'll
like syndicate it and we'll be Robin Rose's giggle time.
I have a computer good enough to do YouTubes now.
We can, we can look at doing something like that.
It'd be fun.
Well, you're talking about cons earlier.
It's funny.
I wonder con has been going on down here.
I have not been able to sneak my way in.
I didn't get a ticket at the last second and then a friend offered me one at the last second,
which would require me driving two, three hours.
You know, but by the time I got there, the ticket would have been useless, but it was
just funny.
Anyway, everyone that went there had a wonderful time and they had a great, um, uh, voice actor
panel and you know, that, that's my shtick, but everyone has been saying good things about
it.
Yeah.
It would do wonder con happened on two coasts at the same time or something because I know
there were people going to LA, but I had some friends in the Northeast that were going to
something too.
So I guess there was like a bi-coastal con or something going on.
Sweetheart, I live in Los Angeles.
There's other parts of the world.
Typical Los Angeles.
I hadn't heard about that, uh, heard about that, but I was hearing the feedback and people
were having a great time.
Yeah.
It's funny though.
I wasn't able to go and I thought I was talking to Jamie about this might be able to appreciate
it since you were talking about booze earlier as well since I can connect anything randomly.
Um, I didn't get to go that, but I got to go to my friend, uh, uh, my long time friends
since, uh, like, uh, elementary school, she had a birthday party and the Hollywood Hills
were getting all glam up in this shit.
And there were some actually people involved in, in the gaming and whatnot, but it overlooked
the entire hall, you know, and I'm not used to getting into this, this type of glam stuff.
You know, I'm like, well, I didn't make it to WonderCon, but at least this is fascinating.
I can see all of LA and this beautiful house with the tower.
And early on in the evening though, I decided to try rum.
Oh yeah.
I don't, I'm not a big drinker.
So, you know, like I just, you know, like I say stupid shit without any assistance.
So, but here's the thing.
Okay.
So in my disappointment, not being able to make it to WonderCon, I'm like, okay, I'm
going to have a good time.
I'm going to get more social.
I learned that rum makes me want to nap.
I motherfucking power nap that bitch.
Okay.
You want to talk about stars and celebrity and shit and all the magic of Los Angeles.
Yeah.
I napped in every room of that house.
Oh yeah.
Uh huh.
That's what I would do.
That was, I used to be infamous at parties for drinking some Malibu and whatever, and
then falling asleep under the table.
That's just, that's just how we roll.
Yeah, exactly.
Look, I can't, I just geek at a party.
Like I can't even do that normally.
It's like, yeah, like friends, like, how'd you have that big glamorous time?
Like, Oh honey, the couch upstairs.
Perfect.
Look at our chat room.
Look at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth dream in chat says her voice reminds me of someone a lot, but I can't think of
who an anime character maybe.
Oh, I do that sometimes.
Oh, I don't know.
I love it when you slip into the voices.
It's great.
You know, the funny thing was that I, I, you know, I, I studied this intently and I, and
I love it, but the first time I ever, um, did anything with regard to anime, I was kind
of nervous in the class and I wasn't sure what to do.
So I thought, you know what?
Fuck it.
I'm going to do like the stereotype.
And, um, I fully expected to be scolded, but I was just having a drop the mic moment.
I was like, just fuck this.
I'm nervous.
I'm just going to go in and I'm going to going to do that.
And I fully expected them to just drop their pens, you know, and go, this is very serious
business and there is so much more to this and you can't just stereotype.
This is an art.
But I went up there and like the last bite of the popsicle and I just did a round of
applause.
Like, yes, bravo.
That's such an LA story.
I was so expecting to be reamed about the arts and everything, but brilliant.
Brilliant.
Yes.
Oscar.
Fuck it.
Where's my check?
When in doubt, stereotypes.
Although there weren't two people in that room that found it a little too erotic.
So, man, I'm just pissing off everyone.
Marissa, I can't wait for the day that, you know, I find some Yuri video online and you're
one of the voices.
I would love that.
But until then, everything probably for me, it seems to be like one nine hundred girls
dot com.
That's like, what's going to be a tone app for me when I'm having that not so fresh
feeling.
That's what happened.
I tried to record like a professional sounding answering machine for myself.
And you know how much like cell phone reception sucks.
Yeah.
And but I just I just record it like bam, done.
I didn't listen to it.
But the message I found out later sounded like, hi, this is Marissa.
I can't come to the phone right now, but I'd sure love to hear from you.
And then my doctor leaves me a message one day, you know, calling to say like, oh, you
know, you're healthy from your physical and everything.
Just Marissa, what's just a sounding answering machine you have?
Which made sense.
Looking back at the types of messages I received.
Marissa, you know, yes, you need to do a stand up comedy show where you just talk about your
life.
And that is a compliment.
I'm not like, not like saying like, Marissa, you're a crazy hoe.
Like, I'm not saying that.
Like, you're really funny when you tell these nuts.
You got to put this shit on tape.
No, I love you.
Marissa, I love you, too.
Thanks for calling in the show.
I don't give a fuck that had nothing to do with games.
It's always good to hear from you.
All right.
Well, it's always great to talk to you guys, too.
Miss Jamie, my love.
Getting a little your reaction going on right now.
All right.
Consistently here that interestingly enough, voice actors talk about video games being
the most challenging.
I found that really interesting.
Really?
Yeah, this well, apparently doesn't pay as well either.
But they're trying to work on that in the union.
But well, aren't you normally like in a booth by yourself instead of around with other people?
Well, only American, you know, like only American animation is traditionally when you work with
other people, which is considered like the height and the best, you know, the best art.
But with video games, you know, they rush to push it out so much.
And yeah, you are often separated from the other actors.
And sometimes they give you little context.
And then you have to do all the various efforts.
It's very hard on actors vocal chords as well, too.
I bet with all the voice that goes into it.
You know, you've got offers in our chair, by the way, over at live.voguenetwork.com
Bonds006 says I need Marissa to make a voicemail for my cell now.
Who said that?
Bonds006.
Oh, Bonds006, hi.
He's the sexiest guy ever.
You have to leave him answering machine messages as soon as possible.
Get back to him.
Yes.
Now hold on.
You got to charge listeners for this.
We got a fun vog somehow.
Pay $10 get sexy Marissa talk.
All right, Marissa.
I got to let you go so we can try to squeeze in one more call.
But thank you so much, Marissa.
A great night, you guys.
I love you.
Take care.
Oh, God.
Always great to hear from her.
You know, here's the thing, though.
I know Marissa is a big fan of the thief series of video games.
So seeing as that new thief just came out, she probably didn't want to talk about it.
She probably didn't want to talk about it.
Based on what I've heard about that, she probably didn't want to talk about that, actually.
I don't think that was a topic out of discussion.
So, so we get, we get voicemail messages instead.
I don't mind whatsoever.
All right.
Now people in chat.
Now me.
Yeah.
Okay, now me.
I love it.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm trying to go to the Twitter while we wait for some more calls over at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Bonds006 says, I'll lose my job with that.
Let's see.
DarkTetsuya tweeted us saying, I found an interesting homebrew MSX game this week.
It's called Blue Warrior.
It's a scrolling shooter with an amazing soundtrack.
We'll have to check that out.
I like, I like, I like homebrew games for old systems.
Like, I love it when people make Atari 2600 games.
It's like, why?
Because.
Why not?
Why not?
Exactly.
Let's see.
DaBlueGuy tweeted us and said, PlayStation 4 still outsold Xbox One in March, even though
with Titanfall.
Yeah, that was news that was getting a bit of steam this week.
And if I'm not mistaken, haven't they sold worldwide?
Haven't they sold more Wii Us than Xbox Ones?
I mean, granted, Wii U has had a year up on it.
But they're already almost tied.
And like you said, they've had a year head start.
That's true.
But there's nothing to brag about.
There's that cynical side of me.
That's like, well, when's EA going to stop making games for Xbox One then?
If that's, you know, little bastards.
Yeah, I'm not trying to shade Nintendo.
I'm trying to shade everybody that abandoned ship.
But in all seriousness, it's the price difference straight up.
Everybody's been saying this till they're blue in the face.
And it's true.
Like they're charging the extra money for Kinect.
Nobody understands why Kinect is needed.
I mean, I'm sure there's the Xbox loyalists.
There's probably some Xbox fans out there
screaming at me on their podcast right now.
Like, you don't understand.
But it's like, no, most people don't give a shit.
Well, shouldn't all that really matters in the end be the money?
If they're selling it for a higher price,
they've probably made almost as much money as Sony has, right?
That's true.
But there's $100 more.
They've sold what we say two or three million fewer units.
But that $100 for those millions of units adds up quick.
And can equal a lot of Sony sales, I would think.
I don't know.
There's that fuzzy math too where Xbox sold to stores,
but Sony sold through to homes.
Yeah, I read that too.
There's a bit of a difference between the numbers that are being reported.
But I don't think it's doom and gloom for Microsoft
because a lot of systems have a slow first quarter.
Sony's just in a good position.
This is where Final Fantasy XIV worked out well for him.
Sitting on Infamous Second Son and Drive Club
are going to help them get through the year and some of those.
So I think this is where that's paying off for them a little bit.
I would say if we're at the holiday season and Xbox is still struggling,
then we've got a story.
But for right now, a lot can still happen.
Microsoft could come out in E3 and pronounce a price reduction.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not like they're doing poorly.
Like you said, they've already sold, or like if you say to stores,
they've still gotten close to you in a very smaller amount of time.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But again, I don't want to also dump on Wii U is dead and all that
because Mario Kart 8 is a big deal and Smash Brothers is going to be huge too.
I've got a Wii U now.
Of course, I didn't really help them out because I bought a used one.
Let's see.
I think a lot of this other stuff is news that we covered earlier in the show.
But if you want to tweet us sometime, twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I'll put out one more call for calls.
If you want to give us a call 1-877-GAMO-L-R or username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Um, let's see.
Bonds double 06 says my brother-in-law came over today to help me upgrade my iMac.
And he also asked why I don't have an Xbox one.
And my reply was I won't buy it at the current price.
Akuma JP says Xbox is dead to me though.
Yeah, but you live in Japan.
Xbox was always dead over there.
Like, did they ever sell a lot of 360s?
I mean, you think the Wii U sells bad here?
Check the 360 sales in Japan.
Okay.
And then, um, you know, the ones not even out there yet.
So, you know, I'd be curious though, if they are going to make a big push in Japan, that's
what the rumors are.
Xbox one is supposed to be making a big push in Japan when they launch in the holiday.
So you would expect to see at E3, what is that big Japanese based game exclusive going
to be that they have in their back pocket?
Is it Shenmue 3?
No, it's probably not.
Cause even though that's the game that most people want on Xbox, Sega is in bed with Nintendo
right now is seems to be where, you know, which is so weird being the eighties gamer,
but Sega and Nintendo are besties.
So I would expect any exclusives like that would be on Wii U.
So anything's possible.
Anything's possible, certainly.
All right.
Um, well, I guess, I guess that's it.
I guess nobody else is going to call in.
Well, it is a slow, it is a bit of a slower night just because, you know, it's, it's a
holiday and stuff and people are doing their dinners and things like that.
But if you are listening to the show after the fact, and you want to send us something
to talk about on a future show, you can always send us an email.
Participate at orange down orange, lounge, radio.com is our email address.
And that's another great way you can participate with the show, or you can send us a tweet
or anything else like that.
Anyhow, it's about time we get around to wrapping up the show and going around and closing out
shop for the night.
Flaco, thank you so much for being here tonight, especially on short notice.
I guess I gave you the short notice.
That's okay.
I got back home and like, Hey, I wonder, I, I haven't even finished last week.
So LR, cause like I said, I've had the week off, haven't really been commuting or going
to work and listening.
I've just been, you know, hanging out with the family and going to San Francisco, having
fun times there.
So yeah, but I heard pretty much right where I got to, he's like, Oh, we don't have anybody
next week.
I'm like, I wonder if they ever found someone.
So send you a message.
No, I was totally planning.
I'll just be Jamie and I will just do a quick hour long show.
Three hour show.
Let's go.
That would be and me, not, and I object object.
I don't even care.
All right.
You know what?
I don't butcher grammar as bad as MTV.
All right.
Anyway, Flaco, thank you for being here.
You are always welcome.
You didn't break the show tonight.
I didn't.
Well, I did with the Rebecca black stuff.
Apparently that was, that was all you and not chat at all or Jamie or anything.
It's all me, all you 100%.
But you're always welcome here and you did a great job tonight.
Cool.
I loved being here and I like the new place.
It's awesome.
Me too.
Hello.
I know it is still a little echoey in here, but we're working on it.
All right.
Your final thought tonight for us, please.
Oh, my final thought?
My beer is good.
I've sweated it all out.
I'm good to go.
All right.
I want to thank you guys for listening to the show.
And remember, if you do like orange on radio, all we ask is tell a friend or two about the
show.
You know, word of mouth is all we have.
Even if you can't think of anybody to tell right off the top of your head, please leave
us a nice review on Stitcher or iTunes or any place that you may have found this show
because those kind reviews go a long way in helping for exposure.
My final thought for tonight before, and then we'll go over to Jamie.
My final thought tonight is I can't wait for the first time in my life.
I can't wait to edit tonight's show because, you know, I try to edit the show, which I
don't, I don't really edit it.
I don't edit it for content.
I just crop it, clean it up and say, I can't wait to edit tonight's show on the new computer
because usually like saving the YouTube file alone because YouTube is encoded at a different
quality.
It's 96 44 for YouTube.
That file alone will take me 10 minutes to save.
And I'm thinking on the new computer, maybe only a couple.
I'm so excited to try.
I'm going to be a time saver.
Yeah, money well spent because my time is valuable.
Damn it.
That's my final thought tonight.
My time is valuable.
Damn it.
Dark Sakura.
Once again, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Thank you for the game.
You're welcome.
Enjoy it.
Play it this week.
I want a full report next week.
Okay.
All right.
And your final thoughts tonight are talker.
I'm, I'm actually hungry.
And if Adilberto's is open, I'm getting a burrito and then tomorrow back on track.
And I'm going to actually be visible with what I'm doing at the gym and do a regular report.
So I'm actually making my own N seven challenge.
Are you going to do gym selfies?
No, I'm not doing gym selfies.
I'm going to actually, unless they're me sweating and red and sore after having dead lifted 110
pounds.
I have a friend on Facebook that does gym selfies.
And that's the way he says, if you don't see me take a gym selfie today,
that means I didn't go.
So I need to get yelled at.
So that's like his whole little, like he needs Facebook to police him.
Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell, um, everybody, I have a tumblr called dieting can bite me.
My picture is King hippo.
And you're going to, well, yeah.
And you're going to see, you're going to see activity on there.
And I made them making it public on the show because I, I need to play.
I need to put things where people are going to see it for the purpose of accountability.
But it's dieting can bite me dot tumblr.com.
And I will, I'm going to make this a thing.
All right.
And I'm going to try to, maybe I will be playing bravely default as my reward for gym time.
There you go.
You can play at the gym.
No, I can't because I don't do hamster wheel stuff.
Oh, I lift.
I lift heavy weights.
Fine.
I like hamster wheel stuff.
Yeah.
But all that does is build up your endurance is it doesn't actually make you stronger.
If I can lose fat doing it, it's something I need to be doing.
Weights are better for that.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
That's it, everybody.
Thank you very much for tuning into the show and we'll see you again next week.
Next week.
I guess, I guess kind of a big number next week.
I don't know.
Like you hit your 10th episode, your 50th episode, your 100th episode, your 500th episode.
And then it's like, well, what else?
I guess there's always episode 1000.
But can you believe we'll be in our fifties when we hit episode 1000.
But tomorrow is episode or tomorrow.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Rob Roberts, next week, we will be hitting episode 550.
So that's me.
That's an episode of, or that's a multiple of 50.
We need to actually celebrate episode 555 because we're just a little bit less than evil.
I think, you know, what's funny is I think we joked like way back in the day.
We were like at episode 200.
We're like, we're going to hit episode 666 in like 2016.
And we always joked, Oh, we'll never get that far.
And now I'm like, we might actually get to episode 666 at this rate we're going.
So we'll see.
I think that we should never stop.
That's the hope.
I mean, it has to end someday, but no, I never, I don't.
We're going to be dead and our voices will be digitized and we'll have, we'll be glad
us.
Hello.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Welcome to another episode.
There'll just be Marissa impersonating me.
You know everybody, I'm Rob Roberts and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
You have reached a new episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Before we release the deadly neurotoxin.
All right, that's it.
No, we're really closing up shop.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Have a great night, everybody.
We will see you next week.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
