Orange, Lounge, Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight's episode is 30 years in the making as the expedition to New Mexico has unearthed and confirmed a video gaming's oldest urban legend. And it wasn't just one infamous game. We'll explain why a certain alienated game is so memorable this week on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange, Lounge, Radio. Episode number 550 for this April the 27th of 2014.
Let's talk about video games over the next few hours and what's going on in gaming life and so on. My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
You completely ignored me balancing an empty cup on my forehead for 10 minutes.
I did because I was so focused on you know making sure I didn't miss Bobby's call and the other stuff that's going on here personally.
Well it could be more important than me balancing a cup on my forehead. I did preserve it for eternity on my Facebook.
I was going to say I saw you taking a picture so I know I know I can look it up anytime I want that yes you balanced a cup on your forehead. Here's the question. Was it full?
No. Well that's not talent. I could do it right now.
Don't spill the coffee. Don't spill the coffee. That shit's valuable. How are you doing? How was your week?
It was okay. Yeah it was okay? I was damnless most of the week so it was alright.
But you have Dan. Well you mean you don't have him right this minute but you will go home.
I'll have him soon. Soonish. Sooner than anticipated.
So DarkSakura tonight is wearing a shirt and on her shirt it says no with a period. I think it's important to say it's no period. Like that is the full sentence.
Well what if I said yes? No. What do you say no to? No. Everything? No. I don't know.
No this is my shirt of non-consent. The answer is always no. I see. Well what if I'm going to give you $500? Oh you said no. She just put her hand over it.
I turned upside down where it says on. Alright. What if I asked do you refuse my consent? No? Okay. Cool.
There he is. His mic's always on. Say hello to Techmaster Loki everybody. Hi. How you doing? Pretty good.
And of course the listeners at home love to play along with the what is Loki eating tonight game. And so what did Loki bring to the show tonight?
It was a last minute McDonald's. I tried to go Togo's. I was going to eat because on the way here I'm like oh damn Togo's. I love Togo's.
Sandwich place if you're not familiar with. It's a local chain I think. Which actually they're owned by the same people that own Baskin Robbins and Dunkin Donuts but for some reason they're only in California.
Yeah it's weird. But it's a really good sandwich place. And so I'm like okay cool I'm going to go there. They close at 5. I was there at 5.45 so. Don't.
I had to go. I'm like ah I'm so hungry I gotta go eat. Okay I know there's a McDonald's around here at least. So I went to McDonald's and they were retarded.
Womp womp. Sorry. No that's an insult to retarded people. Don't use the R word. Alright. Anyhow we are also joined by you guys in our chat room.
No I used it correctly because they were slow. That's what I meant. Live dot vog network dot com where you can join us every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And looking in the chat it sounds like they're all they're all talking about Togo's now. Jason says it sounds interesting since I've been on a sandwich kick lately.
Dark Tetsuya says I miss Quiznos actually frown face. I still have one that's open next to my house which is fantastic.
Yeah there's one. I just don't go there anymore so they probably won't be open very long. I found a blimpie. For you local people there's a blimpie downtown in downtown SAC.
There's one on Florin. There's a Quiznos for you local people it's over on Greenback and the Hazel. That's the one yeah. Tell them this is where you live lucky.
You know what I miss though from the south is I miss Sub King. Because I'm like it's the Sub King. That's right.
Alright anyhow we are going to get into video game discussion tonight. We're going to start off with the topic that everybody's talking about.
Everybody's talking about this and it's probably going to be on every podcast you listen to this week and yes we want to talk about ET getting dug up in the landfill.
Look I realize most of you that subscribe to the show probably heard about this. But I thought he went home.
What happened? It wasn't his corpse Loki. They did not find his corpse in New Mexico. That would have been over in Roswell. That's like three towns over.
Well I mean they got to dump it somewhere.
Okay so here's the thing. There's this story that we all heard as kids that Atari they made so many copies of ET that didn't sell because the game was poop.
They made so many copies of the game that they had to throw them in a landfill and put concrete on top of it so people wouldn't go digging for it.
Oops. And I don't. Here's the thing. This story was all over the Internet and you know it was all over Facebook it was all over CNN.
And I got to admit my first reaction was what's the big fucking deal.
That is still my reaction. I just don't care.
Who cares. I can go to the flea market and find ratty old copies of ET for 50 cents. Who the F cares.
But I was thinking about it more and more and I was like alright well I do remember hearing this stuff when I was a kid like this is the stuff of legend.
But I don't I don't think this was ever really like urban legends usually aren't true.
And there was many press reports in the mid 80s that yeah Atari did so crappy and had so many cartridges they printed more copies of ET than there were actual Atari 2600 systems.
I mean poor management decisions are not something new to the gaming industry. I mean I know they're around now but they were around 30 years ago too.
And if you don't know why here's why ET was so horrible. They didn't set out to make a bad game.
In fact the guy who did it because back in the Atari 2600 days one guy made a game maybe two.
Or a girl could make a game too I'm just saying. One guy made a game.
And in this case it was Howard Scott Warshaw was the guy that made ET.
Now nothing against Howard Scott Warshaw because he also made some pretty flipping amazing Atari 2600 games like Yars Revenge if you ever played that.
One of the very best they ever did on Atari 2600. But here's the problem with ET. With ET they had six weeks to make it.
Yeah. Six weeks to make ET because of licensing deals and other things going on.
Horrible horrible horrible short notice. Yes exactly. And again this is management couldn't get the licensing and da da da.
You know it's just like oh well we can just poop. Literally we can crap out a video game and it'll be great and sell millions of copies.
It'll sell Atari 2600 consoles and all this stuff. Is it the same reason why Pac-Man on the 2600 was garbage?
Because it has to be a four bit cartridge to be on cost. It has to be four bits. We have to shove Pac-Man into four bits because that way it's cheaper and da da da da da.
And well they made Pac-Man fit on four bits by drawing one ghost each frame.
What was it? As a discerning four year old at the time playing Pac-Man I didn't care.
Right. But then you play Ms. Pac-Man and you're like why is this so much better? Like this actually plays like the Arcadia because it was an eight bit cartridge.
It was like double the size so you were able to actually put the game in there.
And it says I was too busy playing Kangaroo. Yes. Kangaroo is a lot better. Kangaroo is the best Atari game. I don't care.
So anyway I totally digress. Despite the fact that this wasn't exactly like I mean it was never a fake story.
We knew they did not sell this game. We knew they ditched them somewhere. They didn't throw them in an incinerator. They threw them in the ground because burning it wouldn't be safe for the environment.
So they threw them on which I guess throwing them in the ground isn't really much safer but in the middle of nowhere New Mexico. Sorry to our friends in Alamogordo.
I'm told Jason grew up there actually. Our friend Jason who was on the show a few months ago and is continuing in our intro and passphrase and all that actually grew up in Alamogordo but it is literally the middle of nowhere.
So anyway they threw them all on the ground, poured the concrete on top of it. The reason why they poured it on the ground.
The reason why they poured the concrete on top of it was because kids were going out there and getting the copies.
Including the mayor of the city who admitted it.
So here's the thing. It was never a lie. So that's why I was kind of like well what's the big effing deal. But we all thought it was when we were a kid and to be real none of us ever really saw the receipts.
I think we have some of not we as 35 year olds but we as 7 year olds have this image in our heads of you find the door to Narnia and Alamogordo and you go into the ground and it's ET. ET everywhere.
I don't think first off I ever thought that because I had a copy of ET but I don't know it just seems really dumb that you would even think about going to steal a copy of ET or something.
Free games in the ground.
It's like you get it and you bring it home and you're like oh well that's why it's buried here.
Don't forget about the re-release that they did of the game. You know about that right?
I know there was a ROM hack not that long ago.
Where they replaced all of the guns with cell phones and I was making a bad joke.
In our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com. I thought you were talking about the movie for a minute.
Hitstun in our chatroom says plenty of good games are still being coded by one person. Just look at Let Em Dare this weekend.
Especially in the indie scene. There's a lot of games still made by one person but you're right Hitstun. I should have qualified that comment.
The big budget titles are usually these huge teams of many many people and back in the day ET was a big budget title because of what was riding on it.
But it was still made by just one person.
Let's see also in our chatroom Dark Tetsuya says I know there was a ROM hack out there based on Ms. Pac-Man's engine for the original Pac-Man which was actually good.
Well yeah because the guy who coded the original Pac-Man game was like I need more space and they said no it would make it too expensive.
So when they had the extra space I'm sure the guys was like I told you so you can do look there's the game now it looks right right?
Let's see.
That was my husband.
That was Dan. While Dan approaches throw a pokeball.
People wonder where I get my line from.
Sup bitches.
Alright so anyway I'll go to our chatroom as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tiger Claw says the Angry Video Game Nerd movie is basically about the whole ET at a landfill.
Yeah which was I may say actually a fun movie to watch because of how they did all the effects in it.
So everything is all weaved into gaming culture but I'm also with SSG100Matt in our chatroom who said what bothers me is that some people feel this is the quote gaming version of finding the Titanic.
Come on. Yeah because people died on the Titanic. Nobody died in making a VT.
They didn't talk about bodies of old Atari executives that are buried in there as well.
And the broken fingers of programmers that were replaced with cybernetic parts.
So I mean there it is. They dug it up. It's coming out. They got cartridges. They found more than just ET in there.
Now that was the part I was like oh okay I didn't know that. They had a bunch of other stuff in there too like centipede which I don't think was necessarily a poor seller.
They show a copy of that. Now I believe from what I was reading.
Well they could have been thrown away like defective carts or something in there as well.
I had always heard there were other prototypes down there.
Yeah but that's going to be literally finding a needle in a haystack. Again I don't know what story to believe but supposedly 14 truckloads.
Imagine the trucks on the freeway. 14 of them full of cartridges. I mean you're literally finding a needle in a haystack at that point.
So I don't think they're ever going to find necessarily the prototypes besides what they've already found.
But it's interesting to me this whole fact that they're making a movie out of it which actually the movie I don't think the movie is necessarily about the landfill only.
I would bet the movie is about the rise and fall of Atari and maybe we're going to hear about why ET was a failure.
I think the movie stands to be pretty good. We'll see. But it's all an Xbox thing. It's going to be part of Microsoft's little movie on demand thing.
I'm sure they're trying to start building their network and everything. So the movie is going to be on that.
But here's what gets me. This so gets me. I'm irritated.
So Microsoft clearly has a boner for this whole Atari 2600 landfill story and all this stuff.
Yet Microsoft Game Room pulled off life support after 9 months before ET is playable on it.
Explain that to me Microsoft. Explain that to me.
Why is your retro tickle bone enough that you're going to pay all this money for a movie that may or may not work but you won't keep a small team of people there to help keep Game Room afloat?
I don't get it. Of course those of you that have been listening to OLR for a while now know that I was really peeved at the early closure of Game Room.
Because I loved the idea of thousands of games being available on this thing. I liked that they were doing a little more than Virtual Console where you had the replays of high scores.
You had the stuff where you could even play some of it over the internet and all that. It took some of the ideas of Virtual Console and took it to the next level.
The reason why I liked Game Room so much is I was hoping it would be a little competition for Nintendo to really improve their Virtual Console service. But it didn't work out that way.
Well originally when they were talking before Game Room even came out it was supposed to be some sort of avatar version of Playstation Home where you would be walking around your little avatar and have your arcade and stuff all set up and cool stuff like that.
Even though it didn't really work out that way but still it was better than nothing. It was the beginning of something that could have been better through patches and improvements.
Let me imagine it on Xbox One. It could have even been something else.
Let's see. Go into our chatroom again at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeon Buster says ET wasn't even a huge contributor. They actually made something like a small profit percentage during the crash if I recall correctly.
The video game crash alone was not solely ET. The video game crash happened because ET, Pac-Man, and games like it, these huge budget games that they were making way more than they were actually selling, and the marketplace became flooded.
This is why when Nintendo showed up in America there was that whole Nintendo seal of quality and there's that rule you've probably heard of about that third party Nintendo game makers were limited to three games a year.
That whole rule existed to prevent what happened to the 2600 from happening all over again. Because what happened is because anybody could make an Atari 2600 game they were literally cranking out shit.
And it was a lot of commercial shit. Wasn't there like a Purina dog chow game? There was some really bad stuff on the 2600. Especially during the end of its life. They're trying to charge all this money for it and it just bins and bins full of cartridges nobody wanted.
So that's why Nintendo tried to take that different approach where they really tried to control what was going to flow out in the market. And, love it or hate it, it worked.
And now the game industry is where it's at today. And now gaming is such a part of our culture because many of us grew up on the Atari 2600, the Nintendo, and so on and so on.
So where's the landfill with all those Tony Hawk ride controllers?
And all the Guitar Hero, Band Hero.
Band Hero. No, Rock Revolution.
Those landfills are called Dollar Tree, I believe.
No, they're called Dimple.
Oh man, if there's ever Rock Revolution and a Dollar Tree, I'm taking that thing. I don't care what system it's for.
I think I saw a copy of Rock Revolution for 48 cents at a GameStop, actually. It was just the game though, no peripherals.
And I was like, that shelf space is worth more than 48 cents. You really need to just throw that in the landfill.
Alright. Anyhow, we're going to talk more about the whole E.T. and the landfill and gaming urban legends a little later on when we get into our FUGL Question of the Week.
But for now, let's talk about what games, modern games, we've been playing this week and the types of video games we've been playing before we throw them away this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Sorry, it was allergy-riffic, apparently. I did start playing Bravely Default, which, thank you for my birthday present, Mr. Rab.
And I've been playing a crap load of Animal Crossing. I finally have every song in Animal Crossing.
I have blue violets and I have a shitload of blue roses, so really, if anyone needs any rose of any color except gold, I'm going to be turning off my city ordinance so that I can get gold roses next and then grow a shit-ton of them.
I played a crap load of Final Fantasy XIV this week for me, a crap load for me. So now I am about halfway through 39 going to 40.
And, holy crap, I forgot what else I did. I did play some Mass Effect because, like I said, I've got my mods working again.
And I really, really want to start getting a good playthrough of Dragon Age 2 again because, to be perfectly honest, so far I like it so much better than the first one.
And Thenris. That and I'm probably going to get Inquisition when it comes out.
And. Well, it's not video game related. I did actually go ahead and swallow my doubt and I've started reading the Chair of Swords books after having finished all of the Hunger Games books in, what did it take me, a week?
Are you watching the show at all? Because that's Shane's thing right now.
I will not watch the show.
Until you read the books or are you just never going to watch it?
I'm probably not going to watch the show at all. I might watch scenes just to give myself a good extra visual but I don't really think I want to watch the show because I hate just sitting down and watching a show.
I'm behind on Supernatural. And you know, that's my thing.
So I have gotten to, without being spoilery for people who have the intention later on of going up and catching up, I have gotten to where someone has dropped out of a window.
I won't say who or how or what and who did it. But that's the part that I'm on in the book now.
And so far I'm like, actually, the first time I started reading it I got almost as far as politics and put the book away.
Because I hate medieval politics. But actually I've started focusing on the characters more and now I'm really liking it better.
So I'm adding that to my list. I will not watch the show but I will read the books.
Alright. Before we get to Loki's Gaming Week, over at live.vognetwork.com, I felt Loki should know ActDeft said,
Loki, a friend of mine got a copy of Rock Revolution from a Dollar Tree store. It was a dollar. So you really can get it there apparently. I was just making shit up but apparently you really can.
That's to be expected I guess. The only thing I've seen out of the Dollar Tree were those kind of unnecessary accessory packs for the Wii to make your Wii Sports experience a little bit more involved I guess.
You can sometimes find games there. Very rarely that it happens. I usually see them not so much at the dollar store but at those clearance stores like Wise Buys.
Like at Big Lots or something.
Yeah, Big Lots. That kind of stuff. Dude, I found Mass Effect toys at Big Lots. I was excited.
Why didn't you get me any?
This was before you were into it.
Why didn't you get me any? Why couldn't you read the future?
This was in that short period before you were into it but I was really into it.
I still need to get my Miranda Pop figure so I can turn it into a thumb chip.
It was the Big Lots not far from where I live over yonder so you can always check their shelves. It might still be there. They had Tron toys too. I know, right?
I have a recognizer.
Okay, Loki. How was your gaming week?
I didn't play that much. The only thing I played this week was just a little bit of Modern Warfare 2 and it was very little because I only had three people join in this week.
Which is unusual. You usually have like about eight or more. So we just played for maybe like an hour. So I'm Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer and that's about it.
Alright.
I didn't do anything else.
Well, a full time dad.
Yeah, any other free time that I have I'm just sitting here coding.
Oh yeah. Are you going to give us an update on your coding adventure and all that?
Not really too much update. I put a little video up just because I was working on something. Actually I had worked on that a while ago.
Last night I was like I want to make a video because I like looking at these missiles. They're funny.
So I went ahead and did that but I've been working on the manager scripts for running basically levels and scoring and all that stuff.
And so I've had to figure out like how I want to store the actual data, what data I want to store like actually as a save file and stuff and do all the serialization to write save files and that kind of fun stuff.
And then figure out how I want it. I'm trying to think of it in a way that I can do it so that it's flexible enough for what I want to do with everything.
It sounds very vague and I can't really go into detail on stuff but I'm doing all the boring stuff now so I can get to the fun stuff later. Basically.
Alright.
All the coding stuff out of the way so I can make the assets.
I can't wait to play. So how much longer? When do I get to play?
Do you have an estimated release date?
No. See like okay well originally I wanted to have like a one level demo thing done by the end of this month but well actually it was going to be done by the end of the last month and then it's just not going to happen because it's a lot more complicated than you think about a lot of these things.
So no I don't have any estimates of when anything playable is going to be ready to go. Hopefully sooner than later.
It'll be done when it's done.
It'll be done when it's done but I will at some point make like a one level playable thing.
You work on the Blizzard timeframe of soon.
It's also like how much time do I have to actually code because some days I have zero time and some days I have like a couple hours and some days I have a lot longer than that. It's all about the baby and whether he takes his naps.
Fair enough. Understand. Being a full time dad is an important job.
Alright I'm going to talk about my gaming week and actually this week I have a variety of new games to talk about. I'm going to talk about three games.
Two of them brand spanking new. One of them a few months old and two of them are decent. One of them I'm about to go off and we'll get to that one last.
So first up this week I played NES Remix 2 which is available on the Wii U.
Thank you Nintendo for giving me a reason to plug in my Wii U for the first time in two months since I think NES Remix 1 was out. It was probably the last time I played it.
But I did have an opportunity to get into NES Remix 2 which is a little bit kind of what you would expect.
It's NES Remix 1 but this time with games that I actually enjoy playing.
Last night I went through all the stages in Super Mario Bros. 3 which by the way if you don't know what NES Remix is all about.
A lot of people call it WarioWare meets classic Nintendo games but I don't think that's quite accurate because WarioWare was literally micro games.
It was like one button push or whatever. It's more like with NES Remix you're using all these ROM save states to play a few seconds of a game.
And you have the classic games which would have anywhere between 5 to 20 stages in them.
And then you have the remix level which will have really interesting mish matches of games.
For example there was one where you're having to beat one of the bosses in Kirby but there's a big boo from Mario Bros. out on the screen.
So every time you look away the boo gets closer to eating you. So you have to kind of be able to look both ways. It was kind of a neat little spin on it.
Another one which I thought was awesome was that it had the Princess Peach from Super Mario Bros. 2 playable in Super Mario Bros. 3.
And you have to play a stage as Princess Peach in Mario 3. That kind of shit's really cool and that's like my favorite parts of NES Remix.
Is when it's like oh my god why can't this be a thing in virtual console games. Like oh my god this is fun. I'm playing the princess in Mario 3. Worlds collide. It's crazy.
But a typical type of stage that you would play in say Mario Bros. 3, one of the last stages, you have to beat Bowser as Frog Mario.
Which is a lot harder than it sounds because you can't get hit once. Because if you get hit once you lose the frog suit and you lose the stage.
And it's all about who can do this in the fastest amount of time.
So I mean I like NES Remix 2 a lot better than 1 because the games are games where I am going like oh yeah I loved Mario 3 and oh I never thought.
I was playing Mario 3 and one of those stages again is to beat a boss in the frog suit and I never realized. Never until this day.
If you beat that boss in the frog suit and you get the wand and you turn the king back because remember that was the whole thing in Mario 3.
You got the wands and you untransformed the kings back to what they were supposed to look like.
If you kill one of those guys in the frog suit when the king thanks you he says oh it appears you've been transformed.
Shall I use this magic wand to remove the curse? I never knew that was a thing that could happen until I played NES Remix 2.
So I thought for that I thought it was like really rad. So I was into NES Remix 2 again I think it's very much like virtual console demos, Nintendo nostalgia.
But I think it's good enough especially if you're a Nintendo fan. The parts that get me that I really wish they could do better, motherfucking online.
It's always something with online that bugs me about Nintendo and this time it's that championship mode you get when you have NES Remix 1 and you have NES Remix 2.
Well the championship mode is fun enough you know get 50 coins in Mario 1 then get I think 25 coins in Mario 3 then get as much of a score as you can in Dr. Mario with the time you have left.
That's fun enough although I wish maybe every week there'd be a different challenge that would be even more interesting.
But here's what gets me. Okay so you get a high score great you can post it to Miiverse and then you can look at the global leaderboards for that day.
And that's it. That's it. No lifetime leaderboards, no comparing with my friends leaderboard which is the one I really want to see.
I mean I guess I could go into Miiverse and I could look at all the posts to figure that out but that's not intuitive.
Is that a difficult thing Nintendo? Is that a hard thing? I want a friend's leaderboard? Is that a hard thing to do?
You have to understand they're just a little teeny bit slow. I mean they just now announced their first game that's actually going to have a season pass with it for DLC.
I mean hell they just had their first game with DLC last year. Things like that I'm okay with them being behind the curve.
No I understand that but this is still part of online and they just don't get it.
Agdeft in chat kind of sums it up over at live.vognetware.com says NES Remix 2 is better than 1 but it's not that much different from 1.
It's just you know better games. That's the crux of it.
I wish there was actually third party games in there like Blaster Master or Fester's Quest would be kind of a licensing thing but Rad Racer would be awesome.
Yeah right?
I mean can't you just go hey Square Enix or whoever the hell has it Square I guess. Come on. Come on. Was that ever on Virtual Console? Rad Racer?
I don't think so. I could be wrong but I don't believe so. I think 3D World Runner was though oddly enough because I think they actually did that in 3D.
Anyhow. Let's see. Thank you. Paganju in the chat room says applause. Nice rant. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Appreciate it.
Alright. Let's talk about game number 2 that I played this week that was decent.
I played Marvel Puzzle Quest which is a free to play game available on Steam. Apparently it's available on iPod and iPad and all that stuff as well.
But I can only really get it on Steam because that's what I wanted. I wanted to play with my new computer and all that and I didn't want to fill up my iPad with all this stuff.
Plus I was invited by Robababababa one of our listeners sent me a little Steam message like hey you should really check this out.
And I was like you know I have been meaning to check that out because hey it's free and hey I like puzzle games and okay Marvel characters are in it. Cool.
Which met all my expectations. Hey it's free. Hey it's a puzzle game and hey Marvel characters are in it.
My only things where I was a little bit like eh this is a little weird. Playing in Steam it definitely feels like I'm playing a tablet game with some of the interface and the way things are in the interface.
Some awkward things like I didn't like you have to click on Iron Man's glowing hand to start the game and I don't know some of that was weird.
There's just some of the free to play elements are a little bit irksome like you know having to buy the purple. I mean you don't have to buy these purple gems to level up your characters.
But having to buy the extra slots so you can have more than one stock character when you really want to collect these characters and if you don't put them in your party they'll disappear in five days.
Some of that stuff was a little bit irksome but the core game itself is Puzzle Quest if you remember and I think I even asked on this show like two weeks ago.
Maybe this is why Rob Bubba recommended it to me but I think I asked on the show a couple weeks ago whatever happened to Puzzle Quest?
We had Puzzle Quest 1, we had Puzzle Quest 2, we had Puzzle Quest The Galactus and it disappeared. Oh thank you this is what happened to it.
It is now Marvel Puzzle Quest and it's that whole match three where sometimes you're the one person and you go versus somebody else and they take a turn and you take a turn.
And you can form these little teams of 10 and earn some of the currency that's in games and all that's nice.
So again even though some of the free to play elements are a little bit eye roll worthy the core game itself is Puzzle Quest.
So if you like those match three type of games and you like free games I'm going to recommend this 25 times before I ever recommend you go play Candy Crush.
So take that. So there you go Marvel Puzzle Quest that's the second game I liked that was decent.
Now let's talk about another game this week that pissed me off because nothing bothers me more than seeing a great franchise have a colossal shit taken on it.
And that's what I feel happened this week with the release of Soul Calibur Lost Swords on the PlayStation 3.
Now I don't know if you guys know but Namco has a few free to play games on the PlayStation 3 and the ones I've played so far were pretty good.
Tekken resurrection or whatever the hell it's called yeah that one Tekken that was pretty good.
I remember talking about that on the show the only reason I deleted that from my PlayStation 3 is I needed room for Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn.
Now that I've moved Realm Reborn to PlayStation 4 I have all this room on my PlayStation 3 again so I'm checking out more of the free to play games.
So I was like great I have this 3.5 gig download for Soul Calibur Lost Swords I'm like okay great I'll download this and check it out.
Let's talk about some of the problems with Soul Calibur Lost Swords.
A. The game didn't fucking work the day it came out you tried to connect to the lobby server error 37 or you know whatever error code it was can't get into the game.
And you might have seen this on some of the gaming blog websites that the game doesn't work.
So I tried to play it a little later in the day I was able to get in but it was slow as hell.
And it's slow because loading loading loading loading loading loading menu screen.
Okay I'm gonna select new quest press the button to go to the quest connecting connecting connecting connecting loading loading loading loading loading.
Oh here's your here's your design a character screen with your three characters you can pick from.
Alright I want to be Mitsurugi click loading loading loading loading loading connecting connecting is this game not on my fucking hard drive?
Why is it having to load every few seconds for so long at a time?
And the amount that it talks to the server god damn every little thing you do connecting connecting connecting connecting hourglass hourglass hourglass hourglass.
It is a it is a slog fest just to do anything in the game.
And what is it you get to do in the Soul Calibur game?
You get a single player experience where you fight NPCs that's right there's no versus mode in Soul Calibur Lost Swords.
Well that's probably a good thing because the way it sounds right now there wouldn't be a versus mode anyways because you wouldn't be able to do anything.
Which is fine but isn't versus the soul of Soul Calibur?
What in the actual fuck were they thinking in the design of this game?
They have the Barbie mode in there oh fantastic I can build these characters with these pay to pay to win clothes items.
What's it need to be on the server for if it's single player?
Great fucking question Loki. Fantastic. I don't know.
Oh wait I do know because in lieu of there being a versus player mode what happens is that you can have your little team of people.
And every time you go into a match you get three random people and you can select one of them to be on your team.
And when you fill up a meter you can press L1 to use that person for five seconds.
So it's like a little tag team fighting game that sounds really cool right?
Okay so the same three characters I can pick everybody else picks.
So essentially I'm Mitsurugi and I'm picking this guy who's Mitsurugi in a green outfit to be on my team for the match.
Boring.
So what the hell is the point of Barbie mode if I don't show off these characters to anybody?
Because they're literally complete strangers. I can't go onto my friends list and say oh I want these friends to be in my alliance.
I want them to be a part of it. No that's just not there. It's too cell phone game for that.
Soul Calibur Lost Swords is a 3.5 gigabyte cell phone game for your Playstation 3 and it is garbage from the ground up.
I cannot believe I'm sitting here telling you a free to play game rates so low on the scale not worth your time to download.
Not worth it. Especially in the state it's in now. I might have been a little more forgiving had the servers and all that stuff actually worked.
But I'm sorry there's no reason for it to be talking to the server that much.
I don't care if they're trying to protect the hacking or the integrity of the potions.
Who hacks a free to play game like that?
Well I don't think people actually hack free to play games on the PS3. I mean PCXC may be doing that or iOS or something like that.
Then talk to the server once a day. But what's the fuck? Loki, there's no versus mode in Soul Calibur Lost Swords. Why would I need to hack the system?
Because I'm guessing that there's going to be some in game purchases.
Oh yeah there's plenty of those Loki. Oh yeah you want to buy a 2-2 for your character? Sure you can take that. That's fine.
You get all these little elemental rocks to put in your sword. Do you have like a time limit in a day where you can only play that game once?
Oh absolutely and you can buy the potions to fill it all up and all that. But again Loki, if I hack the game and get all that stuff for free, who else's game is that going to impact?
Nobody's? Nobody's! That's right.
Whoever designed this game, you made a horrible mistake. You took a dump on the Soul Calibur franchise which is a franchise that I graciously respect and I love.
And I am there at the feeding bar hitting it for a single pellet of any Soul Calibur game that comes out. I'm going to think twice next time.
This is the road Namco's going on. Well yeah exactly. Remember not too long ago, I mean it seems like it was so long ago, but remember that they decided to do something similar except it wasn't free to play.
Although it sure played like it was a free to play demo or something like that. The Vita version of Ridge Racer. Remember Ridge Racer? The game that awesomely launched systems and stuff like that?
Well it came out for the Vita and had like two cars or four cars and two tracks. Oh but if you want the rest you have to pay for DLC. Oh well that's not so bad. Maybe the game's free and I can download the rest of that stuff.
Oh no I'm sorry the game's actually $40. But you gotta buy all the extra tracks and cars because reasons.
Akuma JP in the chat room says Sky Namco, all Japanese company, is still trying to understand online. Well chalk this one up to learning lesson I guess. I just wish you hadn't done it with your...
But that doesn't make any sense so they understand online because the other Soul Calibur games were online. Oh and Tekken, Tekken was great. Tekken's great online. I mean I don't...
The free to play Tekken is fine. I was expecting that was Soul Calibur and I was so disappointed.
What is it that they don't understand? Maybe I'm guessing, you know, let's not blame Namco because they are the publisher. It is the developer that probably doesn't understand online. But yes it is Namco's fault that they let this kind of garbage go through.
Okay I gotta, I gotta... Bobby Black Wolf shading you in chat. Loki I've gotta read this one from our pal Bobby Black Wolf says quote, who hacks a free to play game? From Loki. Today. Quote, I hacked Tiny Tower and got bored with it. Loki three years ago.
I was never gonna pay for anything in Tiny Tower. And I'm glad I got bored with it because how long did everyone else play Tiny Tower for? Yeah exactly. I have more time that I could dedicate to other things like Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row or something like that. And I hacked those games too. So I don't care. Well Saints Row I do at least. But as a mod.
I'm just reading the chat. I'm just now, because I've been turned around the whole time while I was ranting and I'm seeing everybody in chat going Rob needs a drink. Or when did Rob take on the Loki rant role on this show?
Yeah, well, Jujuda actually made a good point where they do understand online in Japan back in the 90s. You could trade Pokemon on your cell phone. There were also the Digimon battler things which they came out over here too. But those were fun. I mean not necessarily like online in that sense because it would have been a little bit more difficult to do over dial-up.
But certainly with using some sort of interactive wireless play. You know those concepts were well understood. All they have to do is just keep integrating stuff like that. I miss the barcode scanner.
I'm not saying Japan doesn't understand online. I'm saying the people who made this game don't understand online.
It sounds like though that your game's on dial-up by the way you describe it.
I mean that in itself is unforgivable but then you really start to realize like what am I doing?
It's like when is there an online only game that actually works correctly when it comes out?
The last Warcraft expansion had a really smooth launch. I'll give it that.
Alright, let's see. Bobby Blackpool says I still think the best part is that they use a friend code system to add allies. It's not even Dash like the Wii friend codes. It's just a mess of numbers.
What were you thinking? I'm wondering if they're going to tie it to an iPad game but then I'm like they can't do that.
I mean when you are doing the single player fighting it is essentially Soul Calibur 5. Essentially.
Here's the nice thing I'll say about Soul Calibur Lost Swords. Once you can take the 3 minutes to get into your 30 second fight you get 30 seconds of Soul Calibur 5 action.
With Soul Calibur 5 music. But I'm going to go with Tigerclaw in the chat room who says I still have Soul Calibur 5 just haven't been playing it as much.
And then what does he say? Something about you should just go play Soul Calibur 5. Oh yeah, why not bring out your copy of Soul Calibur 5 and play that instead? It has online.
My thoughts exactly. So I will say the place where Soul Calibur Lost Swords succeeded is it made me go I'm going to delete this shit and I'm going to go play Soul Calibur 5.
Because I need to erase this from my memory. And their mission is complete. I guess so. That catalog of Soul Calibur 5 is sold.
If that's what Namco is trying to do. Congratulations. I guess. But at what cost Namco? At what cost?
I'm done with my rant. I just as a Soul Calibur fan I was just so irritated with that. 3.5 gigs for what? A game that doesn't even work and is flawed fundamentally.
Anyhow. Battlefield 4 is still broken. I did play Marvel Puzzle Quest a few times this week though. That's not a broken free to play game. I mean some of the transactions are a little weird but I had fun with it.
I liked NES Remix 2 even though that wasn't free. Does it have problems too? Yeah. Anyway. That's that.
Nemesis 47 in chat says or get Soul Calibur 6. Yes please get Soul Calibur 6 but please make sure this particular game has nothing on it. You need to turn away and never look back from Soul Calibur Lost Swords.
Alright. Let's get into some housekeeping tonight. Tonight's housekeeping. I don't have a lot. We still have shows on the horizon for the next few weeks. No cancellations in the future. We're getting on into May. I think the next show we'll probably have off is whenever GamerX is. Since Jamie and I are both going we probably won't be back in time for a show.
This will be us. Hi. We're broadcasting from grandpa's place. I can't feel my face. We've actually talked about doing that so that is a possibility. You never know.
That'd be great having Victoria on the show. It would be fun even though she doesn't really play video games. Don't care. We still need Victoria on the show. Some of our greatest guests were not gamers. You know it's great.
Also even though he's probably not listening to the show because he made out like a bandit as far as I'm aware. Happy birthday Julian who is 7 years old. 7? 7. This many Rob. Awesome. Well happy birthday Julian. Although Becky would be out celebrating with Julian right? Probably. I'm getting him Legos. Julian I'm getting you more Legos.
Also in housekeeping tonight Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to follow us on Twitter. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio to follow us on Facebook. Black Wolf in chat says Rob can't even. Can't even. Next he'll bitch about the casting of the Jem and the Holograms movie.
Look. The Jem and the Holograms movie is just one of those things where I'm like oh it's happening. I won't see it. There's the Jem and the Holograms. I hear it's truly outrageous. There's a movie? Truly outrageous.
There just comes a point where you realize they're going to make movies out of everything you love for me to use. Rob you're going to see it. You know how I know this? You have Josie and the Pussycats.
You see here. You jumped ahead because I was going to say if the Jem and the Holograms movie is as awesomely good bad as Josie and the Pussycats is and I mean good bad where Josie and the Pussycats was actually like a really bad movie but it's so quotable and it's so over the top stupid like it's made for 7 year old girls but there's that subtle layer of humor that only the parents are going to get.
I mean come on. The boy band in the opening minutes of the movie has a song called Back Door Lover. That's funny.
Yeah. It's like watching. It's like the equivalent of watching Rocky and Bulldog would have been in the 60s.
My point is put Parker Posey in the Jem and the Holograms movie and we'll be fine. Okay? We'll be fine.
Honk if you love Pussycats. Alright. Anyway. Let's get into some gaming news.
I need to watch that movie again, Rob.
That's so good. It's so good. But don't get the DVD that's actually like the PG version.
No. No. No. No. No.
Because they cut out all the good jokes. Get the PG-13 one. Alright. Anyway. That's why that movie flopped you know. It was rated PG-13 yet it was made for 7 year old girls. Oops.
So the only people that went and saw it were people like me. Anyway. Let's get to some actual video game news.
Maybe they'll make a video game to go to the Jem and the Holograms movie. Who knows? But in the meantime we've got what's going on this week.
We'll only give them 6 weeks to program it.
Well they'll be on bargain bin shelves at some point.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange on Radio at VoGnetwork.com use the passphrase silver.
Well GameStop. You know they have a ton of stores. Probably thanks to their acquisitions of the EB Games and that kind of stuff.
I mean they've got a lot. A lot of stores. And it's not a really big surprise that they're setting it up to close 120 of those stores.
Probably because I mean shit. They've done reductions of their stores but like there was literally GameStops like you know a couple.
Like there was an EB and a GameStop in a mall or something like that and now you have like two GameStops there.
Hell we have a mall by us. There's a GameStop in the mall and across the street there's a GameStop. So it's kind of redundant.
But yeah they're going to be.
Not anymore Loki. I know nobody in town actually goes to said mall anymore. By the way we're talking about something.
For you SAC locals. The hip and cool Sunrise Mall. The GameStop. They're closed. Go figure.
But you're right. I mean there still are some malls in America where it's like there's two GameStops in the mall.
Yeah. So you know.
It's kind of ridiculous. I mean they don't even serve pretzels. So I mean why would you need two of them.
So they're basically doing this GameStop 3.0 initiative. I didn't know there was a 2.0 initiative so that must be new.
I think the 2.0 initiative was them changing from the polos and slacks to gamer t-shirts and jeans.
The 2.0 initiative was when they murdered Funco Land and buried its body in a landfill in New Mexico.
Remember when Dan started for GameStop he actually started a Funco Land.
Well GameStop 3.0. It's basically this brand new thing that they're actually going to push more mobile.
So you know I guess the reselling of mobile phones and stuff like that's been really popular.
So they're going to have 200 to 250 spring mobile stores and 20 to 25 simply Mac locations.
And yes 100 to 150 cricket stores. What the hell are those.
For towns too small for an Apple store is that what Simply Mac is for.
I guess. When your town can't have an Apple store you can have Simply Mac.
Actually one thing I can say is that there are actually quite a number of certified retailers and repair places that actually will do a lot more for people than the Apple store will.
Best Buy is one of them isn't it.
Best Buy's have like Apple shops in them. But I mean there's other places that are just on their own.
Makes sense.
And of course you know they do have 6600 stores right now so 120 is not a whole ton compared to that stuff.
And I guess I don't know I'm just surprised that people buy mobile devices.
Well I'm sorry to our listeners if you worked at one of those 120 stores but you know let's turn lemons into lemonade.
Maybe there'll be another opportunity somewhere else.
You burn their house down with combustible lemons.
I don't know. I guess when they're that size you know it's not a surprise that they're going to be downsized.
But hey you know if one of these leaves you know some people get enterprising and they decide hey I'm going to open up my own independent game store.
Because GameStop's gone and so now I'm going to take the place.
There's another place you could possibly work.
Is there going to be game stores in 10 years?
Yes.
Or is GameStop going to go the way of Blockbuster?
No I don't think. See here's the problem.
It's like with Blockbuster though I mean that's all movie rental stuff.
I mean streaming video is something that's pretty easy to do streaming games.
I mean we haven't really seen a whole ton of that.
Yeah they're starting to work on that but I just don't think that bandwidth wise.
I mean if you download a movie you know it's not as big as if you download an Xbox One game that's you know several it's like 50 gigs.
And then you're waiting for that download over you know your really slow internet.
Here's the thing Loki. I get that technology is not 100% there right now but in 10 years it's going to be.
I mean technology is moving that fast.
You can stream high definition movies now.
Now there is still a market for Blu-rays and there's still a market for DVDs.
That all exists but there are so few specialty stores anymore.
All the Suncoast, did FYE's close? One of those guys closed.
Suncoast and everything closed and the places that really specialize in that stuff are gone.
You know now it's if I want a Blu-ray I buy it on Amazon or I go to Target, Wal-Mart.
It's just because it's become a lot more accessible.
Like I remember I used to go to Suncoast because I was looking for anime because you can't find anime like anywhere.
You lease a lot of like you know your Wal-Marts and stuff like that.
So I had a specific reason I went there and you know.
All of the first anime I ever bought was from Suncoast.
Yeah now you can just go online and order off Amazon or order it off wherever.
It was a place you could find subtitled anime in Alabama.
Now I think there will still always be a demand for secondhand stuff.
And I think you know especially independent secondhand stores will thrive especially in big areas.
You know you'll have that one store in town and you know that will always kind of be a thing.
But especially you know for retro gamers and stuff.
But I kind of don't think that on a mass scale something like GameStop is going to work in ten years.
It's all about trust I think because honestly you know a lot of these consoles aren't going to go digital only because the consumers don't trust the companies that run the consoles.
There's a lot more trust for Valve and the Steam platform than there is for Microsoft or Sony or even.
Well I don't know about Nintendo. Nintendo is just not doing anything really. I mean there's I guess virtual console and stuff.
But there's not a whole ton of trust where I'm going to buy all my games digitally.
Nintendo can't really be evaluated right now.
Yeah it's hard to evaluate Nintendo but yeah like I'm not going to really trust you know to.
Well first off I don't really see the need to buy a lot of games because you know with PlayStation Plus I just add everything to my queue and.
Shit I have a ton of games I haven't played yet.
But I just don't want I'm not going to go buy you know a brand new game especially nowadays you know a brand new game that I don't know what the quality is of it.
And if it's just garbage I can't do anything with it.
It's like oh well fuck me I guess I'm out 60 bucks.
You know so I just don't see the point and they're just not going to drop the price.
I mean come on they're not going to drop the price on a closed marketplace like that.
Of you're not going to find a new game at like you know for a twenty dollars or something like that.
Like a brand new like a brand new Halo Halo 10 or whatever you're not going to see at twenty dollars.
Yeah I was going to say the Sony sale last weekend we were talking about now that was pretty impressive.
But you're right those were all years old games that probably weren't selling anything anyway.
Yeah it's you know a sale is money made.
Sorry you do bring up a very good point that if one person controls the marketplace like that that's going to be very bad.
Yeah it's just like Steam. Yeah there's one you know there's a Steam marketplace but there's so many people out there that sell the Steam games and there's sales all across the board depending on where you want.
So there's a lot of competition out there with that stuff and there's even competing in marketplaces if you want to do that.
I'm going to be really tinfoil hat here for a minute.
Like people are going to point and laugh at me and that's okay but I'm going to ask this question.
Because every few years it seems like somebody brings up the whole and especially in light of what we talked about at the top of the show tonight somebody brings up the whole are we headed for another video game crash.
If one person if GameStop goes under and hypothetically let's say everything goes digital one person controls that marketplace that Sony or Microsoft controls the marketplace and charges these sixty dollar games that aren't very good will we end up in another video game crash that's all digital.
There's no landfills to bury them in anymore it's just book delete.
I don't think so just because there's it's it's I know that there's the illusion that there's not a lot of choice but there is a choice you just don't buy that console.
You know there's there's the choice of just going on PC there's a lot of there's so many indie developers out there now that there's always going to be choices and your choice may be just not playing on that platform.
You know and there that's the thing is these console manufacturers are aware that this indie wave is kind of where it's at because there's a lot of fresh game ideas and you know innovative things happening there.
That's why they're trying to get everybody on board with bringing their games to the console because they see that they're doing well on PC and it's like oh well that's another reason I should buy PlayStation 4 because you know this game that I've played on steam is also on PlayStation 4.
You know but I think that's why they're I mean look at Minecraft shit you know Minecraft sells like crazy on Xbox 360 even though it's been out on PC for fucking ever.
And so but still that's a draw people look at that like shit I want to get Minecraft.
All right some some folks think the end could be already coming Akuma JP says we're already in a crash and guys you know says games are already doing bad.
So anyway I do want to try to move on but I do have a couple more thoughts to get out here as 100 Matt and chat says the problem is that malls are dying.
People don't go to malls anymore because they are able to buy things cheaper and deliver to you via online.
I mean but here's the thing you can't buy Cinnabon online. Well maybe you can know. Can you get a food court online.
Well here's the thing I don't but there's places like I don't know if we have anything like that here but in Alabama we had a takeout taxi.
Not. Oh well you know where they bring it to you. But even that I don't personally I don't really like pizza. I don't like buying clothes on.
Yeah yeah unless it's like a T-shirt T-shirt. Those those like the thread lists and the shirt woots and all that. That's one thing.
But the whole like you know especially like pants you got to try those on you. I don't I don't buy that stuff on my shoes.
Change from anything like nothing against Zappos which has an amazing customer service. And the one time Alan did buy me shoes online.
They didn't fit. So we had to send it back. You know that whole thing. And they were really great about it. Great customer service.
But I'm kind of like I kind of prefer to do that stuff in a store you know where I can like you know try the shoes on.
They have stores too. Do they really. Yeah a few. But I still think there's some things that are in a mall it's just maybe what's in that mall might be shifting a little bit.
I don't really see that. There's no more Walden books. Exactly. It's hard. It's hard to shop for sex toys online when you can walk into Spencer's gifts and they're all right there in front of you.
You can handle them. You can you know. Exactly. All right. Anyhow let's move on. Really good discussion. If you guys have something you want to contribute you can visit our email bag.
It's Participate at OrangeLaundry.com if you want to participate in the show with a future week.
In the meantime I got to move on for time so let's talk about the PlayStation 4 firmware update that's coming on April 30th.
April 30th we'll see firmware 1.70 hit the PlayStation 4 and there's a few changes coming to this.
The share factory video editing suite is the big one. Now your recorded videos you'll be able to do a little more complex.
Excuse me. I have the hiccups. Radio guy's biggest enemy. Share factory will allow you to edit the videos that you are automatically taking when you play the PlayStation 4.
It's a little more robust editing system so that's going to be a great thing. The other thing that's pretty awesome HDCP off.
So meaning that if you do use an external capture card. You don't use the built in streaming device.
You use a capture card to either save the video for your YouTubes or whatever. You will be able to turn the HDCP or the copy protection off at least with the games.
I'm assuming for Blu-rays it will still be on because that would be a little silly if they didn't turn that off.
But with games that will be off. That will be good.
And then also auto downloading where you can preload games that you've preordered so they unlock right on the release day. That is coming as well.
I thought that feature was already there but I guess it wasn't.
It was something that I think they started with Infamous maybe?
I think you could just download it on the day. But now they're talking about depending on the manufacturing of the game.
Up to a week before or three days before. Well in my head I'm like didn't they do that with Borderlands 2 on the PlayStation 3 release?
They tried that with Grand Theft Auto 5. The digital version of that and it got leaked out and then people started digging through the files and stuff.
So they're going to try this again and ultimately it's up to the person who makes the game how much of a window they want to give.
But to charge you the $60 to have it ready to go on midnight the day it's out. I'm sure many companies will gladly do it.
So there you go. Tigerclaw in chat says will the PlayStation 4 update add 3D support? Not that I've heard. I've heard 3D Blu-ray not a priority to get enabled right now.
Because 3D is kind of going out as fast as it came in.
It's still kind of lame that you'd want that support because you had it on your other console.
Yeah that's kind of bothersome. But you know what else I'd like to see support for would be playing the PlayStation 3 games.
But that's just not going to be possible on the PlayStation 4 until the streaming thing happens.
Alright, Dark Soccer. What do you have for us?
I have some interesting stuff. This actually has to do with a big argument that's been going on between different people.
What's better, playing on PC or playing on a console? You know the old debate.
Well right now I think people are saying that they prefer PC more than their consoles.
Because right now there is quite a heavy overlap with players that are playing on both types of systems.
And that the PC market is now overselling versus, well selling better than the console market.
That more people are getting games on consoles. Especially with different MMOs and MOBA games and different things like that.
And especially since we're seeing a lot more top named titles coming out for PC and with consoles than we did in the past.
There's not just the one or the other, now it's you have your pick.
Is there a me? I play everything on PC.
There are some things I prefer to play on console but this news doesn't particularly surprise me.
Because there are a lot of casual gamers who don't necessarily, I mean almost everybody, every house has a PC.
Even if you don't have kids or you're older or you're not in the Gen X or lower generations or whatever.
You still have a PC and you might be playing Bejeweled or you're playing Facebook games or SimCity or casual things like that.
This news doesn't surprise me if you really look at the big picture.
And the other thing to consider is that, okay you look at places like China, Korea, I don't even think they have any of the consoles we have here.
China especially, I don't think it has any of the stuff we have here.
They do. They do international Asian releases.
Do they? I thought I heard they do not allow the PlayStation 4s and stuff in that country.
Not yet. Well they just overrode that.
It's coming. But regardless, even if it is out there, it's a blip in the grand scheme of things.
Let's not forget how freaking huge China is, right? It's a very large country, people.
And they're PC for sure. So if you consider all of that, it's not that surprising.
But the majority of its population not even being able to afford them anyway.
But also consider this too, it's not just PC. We're getting a lot more gaming support for Mac.
In fact, I was just browsing the App Store not too long ago and I bought Commie.
Borderlands 2 is available. Bioshock Infinite is available.
To be fair, it helped when they started making the computers out of the similar parts.
I mean, that's the whole reason why PlayStation 4 doesn't play PlayStation 3 games.
Different parts. But ever since they started making apples out of Intel, it's a little easier to do that stuff.
Well, also, there's starting to be quite a bit more support for Linux, especially since Linux handles, for the most part, it's set to...
As long as you can find the support for your card, it will handle 3D actually a lot more smoothly than a PC will.
I mean, most, you know, the majority of rendering applications will actually run better on Linux than it will on anything else.
Akuma JP says, trust me, lots of Chinese users. A lot play copies, apparently. Yeah, piracy is huge in those countries.
And Dungeon Buster says, China will allow official console sales in the Shanghai Special Trade Zone.
They just released a massive list of what the Shanghai censorship ministry expects every game to be evaluated against a week or so ago.
I actually think we have that coming up later in the show, so I'll sit on that until later in the show.
But I just, I don't hear a lot of the console chatter coming out of those other countries where there's a lot of people.
So, I mean, if it's there, a lot of it's being pirated, a lot of it's limited, you know, but I guess a lot of the PC stuff's being pirated too.
But again, I think there's just, there's a much bigger scope to consider than your house.
I don't think what Jamie's saying, though, in this story and this whole thing, I don't think this means necessarily bad news for consoles.
I don't think so. I think there'll always be a market for the dedicated game console.
But, you know, just might be, if you see a lot of big projects going to PC, it's because there's a lot of people there.
And just having dealt with, you know, trying to play multiplayer games sometimes on PC, sometimes it is better just to have a console.
It's a lot easier just to, hey, let's play multiplayer instead of, okay, I gotta open this port.
I've never had to do that on a PC. Never.
Well, lucky you, but I have.
With my firewalls intact.
I'm not playing the same games we are then, because I've had to do all that shit too.
In fact, the only times I've ever had to open ports were on my Dreamcast for playing Quake.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on with some more news. Loki.
All right, so Unreal 4 is going to be adding support for the brand new Xbox One and PlayStation 4 with their update to 4.1.
And, of course, along with that, if you wish to develop games for it, remember they announced that they're going to be dropping the price to $19 a month plus 5% gross revenue for anything.
So if you want to get into developing for Unreal, you can actually do that pretty cheap.
And, of course, with that, now they support PC, Mac, SteamOS, Linux, iOS, Android, Oculus Rift, and Project Morpheus on top of the current gen consoles.
Are you excited to program for this someday?
You know, I've tried messing with Unreal Engine stuff, and I don't understand it.
They have an editor for Goat Simulator that comes with the game that you can make your own levels and stuff, and I just kind of was confused with it.
I'm sure if I sat down and messed around with it, it looks like it might be easy, but I just didn't know my way around the interfaces and stuff.
So, by here, there is something that you can use that's pretty self-explanatory as far as an editor, kind of like Unity and stuff, but I just haven't messed with it.
Well, moving on to a game that I don't believe was made in Unity, but nevertheless it is coming out soon.
Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare. Hey, guess what? There's going to be, we love this word, microtransactions within the game.
Because there is in-game currency that you can get through regular play, and you can spend it on upgrade packs, and you get the extra content for the war zones.
But, hey, you want to bypass all that? No problem. Just go into the little store and buy that in-game currency.
That is all they're saying that you're going to be able to buy right now. So, hooray, the Facebook model invading yet another franchise.
The way they describe it, does it sound like Mass Effect 3's multiplayer, how you could do that?
Ah, gotcha. I never bought Mass Effect 3. Doesn't mean it's still okay, but you know.
I did, but that was just like with leftover points after buying DLC. Like, oh, I've got 20 points, I may as well just buy.
Which is what they want you to do. Well, it's just fine, I had leftovers anyway. I wasn't really out anything. I added it all up, it still would have been the cost of a DLC.
I still never really, really like, I mean, as much as I am hardcore in the Mass Effect series and love all that stuff, that stuff always kind of rubbed me a little.
That's shaky ground. But here's the thing about the multiplayer in Mass Effect 3, and which I hope will hold true in this game as well, is you really, really, really, really didn't need to do any of that at all.
Honestly, you didn't need to unlock anything. You could do just fine in the multiplayer with the basic stuff.
I think, yeah, and if I remember correctly, I think this game, most of the stuff you would unlock weren't necessarily, maybe some of it might be just like leveling perks or something like that, so you can level twice the XP or something.
But I think that it was just costumes.
Yeah. Well, at least you'll know that once you spend your money on the game, you can still give them more money, you know, if you want.
There you go. Dark Soccer, before we get to release dates.
Oh, yeah, I do have another thing. This is actually about Hearthstone.
Well, there is the new expansion coming out, the Curse of Naxxramas, which was actually one of my favorite places to go run around in Wildville.
But basically, you get certain mechanics that when you die, you actually get certain effects that happen.
One of them is a deathrattle that activates when certain creatures are killed, like if you kill a leper gnome.
It has a deathrattle that deals two damage to the enemy hero, and basically it's more like a last strike, you know, the critter dies, it gets to do something.
So that's the Naxxramas mechanic when you're playing there.
You know, I know a lot of people are really into Hearthstone. I can't get into it.
There's a lot of people at my work that play it.
Yeah? I see a lot of people on Twitter, and obviously doing Horde House, which is rooted in a very popular Blizzard franchise.
I know a lot of people that really support the Blizzard stuff, and a lot of them are playing Hearthstone. I can't really get into it.
Maybe I'll try it again when all the Curse of Naxxramas comes out.
Especially my coworker, Intern Drew.
Yeah.
Of course, I've also got other people on my team playing Diablo.
Hey, more power to it. Yeah, I love Diablo.
I'm just thinking about getting back into Diablo.
I will cut a bitch to get a Heroes of the Storm alpha invite. Like, who do I have to, you know, convince?
I wish I could talk about my beta invite.
Yeah, right?
It was awful. For everyone who thinks this game is going to be cool, no.
Well, we can't talk about it, I guess, but I kind of think you have a built-in bias, unfortunately.
Yeah, motion sickness.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Maybe they'll be something Jamie will like this week.
I don't like anything. I'm a gamer. I hate it all.
Well, there is a few things coming out this week.
Starting off with the amazing Spider-Man 2, which is coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U.
PlayStation 4, 3DS as well.
Also, 3DS getting Gardening Mama 2, Forest Friends.
Do those games still sell, really?
I guess they do.
There is a new Cookie Mama game coming out in 3DS later this year.
Alright, I guess that means yes.
Legends of Oz, Dorothy's Return, also on 3DS.
Kirby Triple Deluxe on 3DS and Mario Golf World Tour on 3DS, which is also the first game that's going to have the Season Pass DLC for Nintendo.
So, that's it.
Alright, heading on over to Japan and checking out their releases. On May 1st on the PlayStation 4, Child of Light gets released.
And there's actually a limited edition package that's coming out in Japan from Ubisoft. That is on May 1st.
Heading on over to some other consoles. How about the PlayStation 3? The PlayStation 3 gets that same Child of Light on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Otherwise, I think we're coming up on Gold Week, so I think some stuff is going to slow down there in Japan because I don't see a lot of stuff in Japan until, like, middle of May.
On the Xbox 360, Jinja Force, not Jinjer Force, but Jinja.
Is it with a J or a G?
G.
I like Jinja Force.
It is a redhead on the box art.
If it's a J, it's a G. It's a G.
Fine. Why am I the one that reads Japanese?
Why don't you let me do it then?
Because you wanted to do the Europe ones way back when.
Fine. Whatevs.
Nothing on the Vita this week. On the Wii U this week, nothing. Well, I mean, that's a given, right?
And on the 3-
What? What are you laughing at?
I love you, actdeft.
What did actdeft say in chat?
Actdeft kicks Raginator in the Yaris.
Also, on the Nintendo 3DS, we do have a few releases there on the 3DS this week. Mario Golf World Tour and Osawari Tantei Ozawa Arena Rising 3 comes out from success.
So, hopefully it will be a success. I'm trying to see what kind of game this is. It's a 3DS game where it looks like you have little pets.
Oh, it's cute.
It looks like a 90s PC game interface where you have the items and you talk to people.
It's totes adorbs.
Looks like a little detective game or something.
Oh, it's adorbs.
Excuse me.
No, I don't know what that is.
Well, there you go. That is it for Japanese releases. Loki? Or, sorry, Dark Sakura.
Jeez, Rob. I'm trying to take advantage of my broken ass internet.
Piss me off. Watch what happens.
Bitch, please, I will cut. No. You gave me coffee, so I can't kill you yet.
On the 29th of April, we have Daylight on PS4 and PC. On the 30th, a shitload of stuff, mostly Child of Light.
And, yeah. On May 1st, we have Botanicula on iPad, which I just keep thinking of Bonicula. You know, the Vampire Bunny books? Those are fun.
And then Stick It to the Man for Wii U, which is the best name ever, because fucking hell. That's it.
Alright. Just a few more news stories for you guys, then the classic game of the week. Loki?
Well, you know, some people are wondering, are there going to be some NES remix-style games for other virtual console systems, including Super Nintendo, Game Boy, or Game Boy Advance?
And, apparently, the answer to that is, well, if there is a big enough outpouring for support of those titles, it's something that they would consider to take a look at.
So, shocking! People will build something for demand.
Yes. If you're willing to give them money, they might make it.
I would love to see a Super Nintendo remix game.
I think a Super Nintendo one would be awesome, but they really have to figure out a way to bring in third parties to make that work. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You know what would really surprise people? If they teamed up with Sega. Because you know Sega loves to milk the shit out of their classic games. Wouldn't it be awesome if they teamed up with Sega to do a Genesis remix? I bet that comes first.
It's possible. Come on, people. Sega and Nintendo totally in bed together these days. Which, I know, it's weird. The 80s child in us, or if you were alive then, doesn't really get that, but it could happen.
I would see that. But I would love a Super Nintendo one if they could get third parties involved. Game Boy one, not so much. I don't think the Game Boy games hold up very well.
I laughed at, I think there was an article I saw that someone was asking why is an NES remix on the 3DS and they're just like, well, not comfortable with programming on 3DS and I want a more powerful system for that.
I'm like, you're emulating NES games. You don't need that very powerful system for that.
They do some other little things to them.
But come on, it's not much.
I kind of thought the answer was a bit of a cop out too. Because we need to sell Wii U's. That's the answer.
Yeah, exactly. That's it right there. Well, you have enough reasons to buy a 3DS.
Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says they did mention wanting to do a third party remix with Mega Man, Castlevania and so on. Well, make it so.
Get in bed with Capcom, Konami, whoever you have to to make that happen.
You could just start redoing why Konami World or Super Konami World or whatever it was.
Why not? It was awesome.
Can you imagine one of the stages being play Contra without 30 lives?
Oh shit. Remember that fighting game, the world fighting game or something like that where it was all the Hasbro and Konami and all those weird characters in there?
So you had Optimus Prime versus Bomberman versus Simon Belmont and I think Solid Snake or something in there. It was really weird.
I played that at an anime convention once. I was like, what the fuck is this?
Awesome.
Alright, one more story I've got for you guys and that has to do with a new Dragon Quest game. That's right.
Go figure. A new Dragon Quest game is in the works. Well, that's good because I guess we're never going to get Dragon Quest X. You just have to let that go.
Well, Toriyama still needs stuff to draw other than doing a Dragon Ball chibi or whatever it's called now.
Well, apparently some information just slipped out from series creator Yuji Horii at the event that was going on in Chiba, Japan this week because I know Square was doing a bunch of stuff there because there was some Final Fantasy XIV info that came out of that as well.
And apparently what happened is that the producer and the chief planner behind Dragon Quest expressed surprise at the accidental disclosure about the fact that Square Enix was developing the next Dragon Quest game. But that's all they said.
He was quoted as going, what?
And to me that's not really a big shot. They're going to make another Dragon Quest game? Get out.
Sequel the popular franchise? What?
What I'd really like to hear about is, are we ever going to get X? I guess not.
Final Fantasy XI will go free-to-play before we ever get X.
It would be nice if we get the Wii. It would be something on the Wii U. Because they did have a Wii U version in Japan. They just skipped the Wii version. Just give us the Wii U one.
Seriously, XI needs to go free-to-play.
I know. You're so desperate for that. You are so, so desperate for a free-to-play.
They don't want it. They'll just bury it in the ground before they...
They're still working on updates and stuff to it to try to get people to keep playing it. It has this loyal fanbase that doesn't want to change to XIV.
Alright. Let us get into the Classic Game of the Week.
You know, every week here at Orange Lounge Radio, DarkSakura dives into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brats, you ought to be playing this game.
Yeah, really.
Get off my lawn until you check out this game.
I'm going to shake my cane at you kids.
That's right. DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
Before I announce the name, I think that we should let the game speak for itself.
If it's audible enough.
It's very quiet, but it's there.
Alright. The game is...
Metal Slug. Which I'm surprised I haven't done Metal Slug yet.
Metal Slug.
Metal Slug.
Dan was going around going, Metal Slug X all afternoon. I was like, okay Dan, rock on.
So yeah, I know that we talk about Metal Slug a lot, but I can't believe I've never done it. I thought I'd done Metal Slug.
It's just another one of those games that's like, really? I haven't?
Anyway, Metal Slug is a run and gun game. It was done by Nazca and published by SNK.
Nazca also did games for Irem as well, and quite a few other release games.
It came out for the Neo Geo MVS Arcade, and it was very, very well animated for its time.
I mean, all the games are still very fluid, but it's all hand drawn animation, two player, and it's been ported to the Neo Geo CD, of which I have that copy.
Sega Saturn, of which I have that copy. PlayStation, yeah. Virtual Console, PSN, iOS, Android, Neo Geo X.
There's Wii, PlayStation, I'm sorry, PSP, and PlayStation 2 that was part of Metal Slug Anthology.
So basically, you're running around. You can get heavy machine gun or rocket launcher by rescuing POWs, and you have a boss at each end of the level.
Different, larger, different, tougher enemies, and then you can get little Metal Slug tanks, where the tank is actually called the SV-001.
The SV stands for Super Vehicle because it makes you more offensive, and a little more defensive.
So you can go around, you also get melee attacks with a knife as well as using the guns.
Like I said, you rescue POWs as you're going through the jungle or wherever you are.
Different enemies, you have tanks, mobile artillery, aircraft, armored personnel carriers, tacticals, the random soldiers, you have people in helicopters, all kinds of stuff.
But basically, it's just like a kind of a jungle warfare game, you know.
Although, later Metal Slug games did get, you know, a little bit more and more ridiculous, you know.
I love how people in chat are going rocket launcher, because that's always what I thought I said at first.
But as far as the different ports, yeah, we had MVS and AES versions, which I would still love to get my hands on an AES one. I haven't found one yet.
There's the Neo Geo CD version that had combat school that lets you revisit different levels, but with different mission objectives.
Sega Saturn and PlayStation versions came out in Japan. The Saturn version had two versions of it.
Sega Saturn had the 1.002 and 1.005 that had bug fixes. And PlayStation was distributed by SNK Playmore as a re-release version.
They both had the combat school, and PlayStation had one called Another Story that had different little mini games in it that had to go with the plot.
Metal Slug Anthology came out in 2006, which in Japan was called Metal Slug Complete for Wii, PS2, and PSP.
That included Metal Slug, and then Metal Slug 2 and Metal Slug X, and Metal Slug, all the way up to Metal Slug 6.
They were all emulated versions of the originals, had nothing else added to it.
Metal Slug was also on GameTap, released on the Virtual Console, and part of the SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1 for Wii, PS2, and PSP.
There is an emulated version for PSP and PS3, and a wireless version for iOS and Android.
If you ever got one of those Neo Geo X's, it was one of the pre-loaded games.
So Metal Slug is really just like one of those super fun games, you know?
You can either be super amazing at it, or you can be super crappy at it, and it doesn't matter, because it's fucking fun.
I love how fluid the animations are in this game, too, for a sprite game, you know, of this age.
Like, this was really a step up for side-scrollers, you know?
Well, and when this came out, actually, it wasn't just, you know, the standard, uh, they were all hand-drawn pixels.
I mean, they were all hand-drawn, um, frames converted to pixel, if I do recall, uh, my history on this game properly.
But, I mean, I'd have to say, as much as I love the later ones, I really love the first one.
I mean, the first one was just, you know, and I was actually watching today, um, and just, you know, freeze frame sometimes if you guys are watching it on YouTube or something.
And look at the backgrounds, especially when you're going through the places that, um, have the huts on them.
You know, all those, all those backgrounds were completely hand-drawn. They're so detailed.
And on top of that, it's just the level of depth that you're getting with straight 2D, you know, just using different layers and everything.
It really is very well done. I mean, the game has definite artistic merit to it, I think.
And, I mean, the later games gave us different characters. Like, we had, um, uh, what was it, uh, the other two, the female characters in, I think, Metal Slug 4 and up.
And then, um, like, Theo and, um, the other person I can't remember right now.
And then, um, you had, uh, the zombie mode. You remember the zombie mode in 3? Where if you fought the zombies and you got, like, what was it, if you got, like, uh, breathed on or something, you would start throwing up on people for your weapon.
But moving really slowly, you had, like, mommy mode. And then there were the different versions of, uh, of the, uh, the tanks. Like, you got the camel slug that you rode on a camel with armor on it.
And, you know, they just got better and better. But the first one still, if, you know, if people haven't played the first Metal Slug, they need to really go back and do that.
And all of the games have just stayed. This is one of those, um, series where all of the games have been top quality and super fun.
So, that's why I pick, um, Metal Slug.
Alright. There it is. Your classic game of the week. The start of a very long series. Metal Slug.
And if you make fun of Metal Slug, I will cut a bitch.
Lots of, lots of great stuff, uh, about Metal Slug in our chat room. Um, nemesis47 says, Metal Slug for the win. Actf says, it's on Android 2.
Dungeonbuster says, the expressions on all the characters were fantastic. Even the Metal Slug tank looked like it was having fun.
Um, let's see. Uh, Burr says, Mercenary Kings almost hits the right notes, but not quite, which is a newer game that is very inspired by this.
That's just because, uh, you know, the pixel artists that did that game, it's fucking awesome.
Uh, and then nemesis47 says, the Metal Slug guy is on the Neo Geo Battle Colosseum on the Playstation 2 as well.
And SHO and Hunter Matt says, the game had a lot of vehicles you wish you had in real life.
I want a camel slug.
I was thinking about armoring Midna, and then I could have cat slug.
I've seen someone recreate that, um, the, uh, the vehicle in Lego, and that was awesome.
Oh, that sounds awesome.
That would be one of those kits I'd want to buy, those Cusseaux, uh, kits, yeah.
Awesome. Alright guys, we are gonna take-
I love that it's called Cusseaux, cause you know what that means? Shit.
We are gonna take a break, and when we come back there is more Orange Lawns ready to come.
We're gonna touch on Urban Legends again, but not just landfills, we're gonna talk about your Urban Legends, uh, in the Fugu Question of the Week tonight.
And we do have some more news coming up as well, a lot of Minecraft news tonight, kind of randomly.
And, uh, a new Theatrhythm game announced this week for the US, uh, it's coming over here as well.
Very exciting, we'll talk about all of that when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lawns Radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this April the 27th of 2014 with episode number 550 of our show.
I guess we should be celebrating of sorts tonight because, you know, multiples of 50 are usually kind of a landmark in the podcast world, and here we are on a multiple of 50, it's 550.
In five more weeks, we'll have three in a row, 555. And then, you know, that brings us one step closer to 666.
Oh Rob.
Which I know is the landmark Dark Soccer really wants to get to for the show.
Not really, I don't care.
But also, uh, for, for, for, for the few of our listeners that were here in the very beginning that are, that are still, you know, here with us and, you know, we appreciate your support, um, you will be handsomely rewarded hopefully come this October with episode 573.
Not everybody's going to get that joke, but some of you will and, and I definitely want to do something special. I already have some ideas in mind for how, how we can celebrate episode 573.
So, uh, we'll be looking at that in October. So some things to look forward to, but happy 550.
And, uh, you know, even though I kind of sit back here and I go, oh my God, 550 weeks.
That's a very long time.
Times like three hours.
Well, I mean, technically the first 20 weeks, it was a two hour show and we used to have a lot of music breaks, but still, but still, I mean, but you make up for that with, with a year, we were double dipping.
We did a three hour show and we did a 40 minute podcast.
So, you know, it kind of balances itself out, but yeah, it's, Oh my God, it's so crazy.
But, uh, you know, I say, you know, cause, uh, I posted something about that on Twitter and I got some responses that were like, you know, well, we're just hitting episode 50.
Congrats to you. And I'm always like, don't, don't shortchange yourself. Like so many shows don't even get to 10. There's so many podcasts that don't even get to 10.
So to get to 50 with that, that means you did it for at least a year, maybe longer if you're only twice a month or whatever.
So, uh, the fact that you get to episode 50 is a heck of an accomplishment. So yeah, you know, very few shows get to 50.
Um, I know, uh, I think still from girls gone. Wow. Which is another show here at the voice geeks network.
They were just talking about that. They hit four years. I didn't realize that they were hitting their four year mark, but they did. So congrats to them. That's, that's great.
And, uh, I, I caught still saying something about, can you imagine if we were doing this as long as OLR? Like, you never know.
That's what I said to her too.
You never know. All right. Um, let's see, go into the chat room. SSJ 100. Matt says, wasn't there technically an OLR 666 with Travis, John and Ronma?
I think there was, it was like a week. We weren't here where understation live was on orange on radio when it was a network on life.
There's five. And I think they did an OLR 666. Unfortunately, that episode will have to be retconned with a different number. If we actually do make it to six, we'll have to retcon that was six, six, six, six or something.
Because, uh, I don't know. If we make it to 2017, we might actually have that.
Oh my gosh. We'll be the show for, we'll be the show by 40 year old gamers. We were 20 year old gamers, now we're 30 year old gamers and we'll be 40 year old gamers.
Hey, there's some great 40 year old gamers out there that do shows right now. So we'll just follow in their footsteps.
All right. Anyhow, uh, of course, thanks to everybody, uh, in the chat and out there in the podcast world and everybody who supports us, you know, any, any landmark episode we have.
And you know, there, there's some great podcasts out there by, uh, 29 year olds like Bobby Black Wolf.
Why am I not a grammar teacher, Rob?
I don't know why. Uh, I'm looking, uh, dark to see it says Travis is going to be pissed.
So?
Ah, let him, let him come at me bro. And I'm kidding. He'll, he'll just,
What is Travis not pissed off about?
He'll, he'll just, he'll say something sassy at dragon con. Oh Rob.
You know what? Damn it, Rob. That was my gimmick voice. I guess gamut and Travis sound the same to me.
I, I adore Travis, but he does get angry about a lot of things.
Love you, Travis. Kiss, kiss. Um, anyway, where was I? Oh yes. I was thanking the listeners before you guys got me, uh, poking fun at Travis.
You guys, um, uh, any landmark we have, we made it because you guys support us. I mean, plain and simple, you know, you're our motivation to do this every week.
So just thank you.
They want me to keep doing this by me tacos. Thank you. How can they buy you tacos? I've had somebody asked, how do I buy Jamie a taco?
Just give me money. I'll buy my own taco.
What if they want to send you like a card, a gift card, semi gift cards, Taco bell gift cards, or pinkberry or Starbucks.
You don't have tacos at pinkberry.
But I can eat chocolate hazelnut and imagine tacos.
If you, we actually have, since VOG is a business now, we have a PO, it's in Georgia, but somehow like at Dragon Con, Bobby can just bring a sack full of gift cards and be like, this is for dark Sakura.
So if you really are interested, if you really are interested, I can give you the public VOG post office box. Just let me know.
Or right now you can put money into my con fund so that I can be even more fabulous with my cosplay.
No, if you really want to make us happy, you will help a kitten. That's, that's what we talked about.
Adopt a cat.
Either adopt or if you're alert, send food or help somebody else's cat, you know, donate to a shelter, help a cat.
And I want to see pictures of the cat food that you buy and delivery to the happy, hungry kitties.
You know, I, I, I hear you saying help a kitten, but I can't help but think buy skywriting is a little bit better.
You can also help a puppy. That would be fine. Um, but we guess dark soccer prefers kittens, but you can help a puppy.
You bring me a ferret. You can buy one of those expensive, you know, dogs and then shave our URL into them.
Yeah. That's animal abuse. Loki. That's not abuse. They don't care. They're animals. They're like, ah, I'm cooler in one spot.
Can I still reach my butt? Lick, lick. Yes.
That's where the.com is. All right. Anyway, uh, in all seriousness, thank you all the listeners who, um, helped us hit another landmark and, um, years to the future of OLR.
Let's talk about the present of OLR and what's going on in rapid fire news.
You like presents?
Well, I don't have any for you this week. You got a present last week. All right, let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki.
Microsoft has trademarked a title for scream ride and that just screams to me that it's a connect title because I don't know.
It just sounds connecty and it also sounds like it might be on rails. So, you know, new fable game.
Um, of course, you know, they have no comment to make on that, but it is being trademarked for an online computer game.
So, uh, I'd imagine that we will hear about this pretty soon, probably at E3.
Screaming at the connect, trying to get it to understand you.
I remember brain training.
Blue, blue, blue.
Okay.
Um, but there is, uh, some people are thinking that, Oh, it's their 3d thing, whatever they're like Oculus rift project Morpheus thing is, this is going to go along with that.
Cause you know, those tech demos and stuff.
Because scream ride is what I want to name a contraption that goes over my head.
No, no, no, not for the actual contraction, but for a title for said contraption.
You know, like, you know, a roller coaster.
Cool. Maybe it's like roller coaster, but like with guns. So it's like, now it's on rails, Peter Molyneux.
Um, well, we don't know what it is and I'm sure it'll be underwhelming, whatever it is. Cause you know, I just like was it when Sony announced that and yes, that horror game that was going to be kind of like the teen horror genre type thing.
I was like, no, we'll see.
Maybe scream ride means that, you know, there'll be.
If it's for connect, I'll probably have zero interest in it.
A theme park, a Microsoft theme park.
That's a PC title. That's what it's being used for or PC or some sort of digital title.
Okay. So there's another Skylanders game this year. Yeah. I'm not surprised, but here's, here's the funny part.
So the brand new games called Skylanders trap team.
And the gimmick this year is that you get these little crystals that you can trap enemies in the game and then kind of turn them to the light side and be able to do that.
And I guess there's 40 trappable villains in the game, 60 characters you can buy, um, including the trap masters, which is a new class.
And no, it's even better because last year they made you buy a brand new portal.
That portal won't work with shit. So you got to buy yet another brand new portal for this game.
That's why I love this series so much. Um, so that'll be probably coming out around October cause that's when those all come out.
So yeah. And, uh, let's see, last but not least, uh, Mario Kart eight is getting a pretty awesome.
We bundle in Europe. This would make Ron my happy. It's all Luigi themed. So they've got a Luigi year of Luigi continues.
Yes. You've got a Luigi steering wheel, a Luigi skin, Mario Kart eight, um, game pad, a Luigi, uh, we remote plus and even a Luigi hat.
And of course, you know, the, uh, strategy guide and the game. So that's not bad. And, uh, it's going to go for, I guess, uh, 250 euros.
So, um, pretty cool. And then, um, let's see, or maybe that's 250 pounds. I don't know. I don't know my, my, uh, you guys, I think maybe it's zero anyways.
Anyways, and last but not least, uh, some more, uh, we wrote plus they're themed after, uh, different characters.
They've got, I guess the princess peach, we remote plus that's I'm coming out. Um, and then also the, uh, Yoshi themed, we remote plus, and these are coming out in Europe at the same time as, um, the, uh, Mario Kart eight game.
So I don't know if that's coming out over here yet. I haven't heard of when that's scheduled to be out here, but I, well, it's kind of neat, I guess that they're going to have all these same things.
I kind of like that bundle though. Although the Luigi thing now Mario Kart themed. Okay. But Luigi had, it does make any sense.
All right. I got some news for you guys as well. Uh, starting off with PlayStation plus the updates on what will be happening on PlayStation plus in may, because you know, they're going to give away games every month.
And this month they will be offering on PlayStation four, uh, stick it to the man is going to be the game on the PlayStation four and on PlayStation three, you can get puppeteer pro Evo soccer, 2014 and skull girls encore.
How do you like that? I know you like skull girls so you can get it for free on the Vita surge deluxe and limbo. So check out all of that.
That's a, that's going to be a lot so I can play stick it to the man on PlayStation four and I will, uh, also we have, uh, some sales figures out of Microsoft.
I want to say, I thought we reported on something similar to this last week, but there's, there's a news report from a couple of days ago.
So, all right. Uh, Microsoft quarterly reports show that 1.2 million Xbox one systems were shipped in quarter three, uh, meaning they've shipped 5 million since launch.
They're up to 20.4 billion in revenue and 5.6, 6 billion in net income. Now, of course, Sony says that they have sold 7 million. Um, so, you know, Sony's a little bit ahead of the game, but Microsoft isn't exactly in, you know, Wii U territory right now.
The Xbox one is doing okay. I read, and I'm not sure how accurate it is cause it's, you know, secondhand, secondhand guy said something, you know, I heard that they were saying that they were going to slow down or stop production of the Xbox one because they have such a surplus of supply right now on that console that they just don't need to produce them as fast.
I don't know. And speaking of Xbox killer instinct, season two is on the horizon. Uh, keep in mind, it's got a new developer now cause the previous one was bought.
Uh, but iron galaxy studios will be adding eight characters to the game with the season two content. This is all revealed during a play Xbox live arcade live stream. So yep, eight more characters, no hints on what those characters are, but there may also be what's called a no mercy finisher.
Think of it as a fatality and mortal combat. Although since there's not really fatalities and kill it, why I guess they did throw characters off a roof and the original one. So they had the, they had the combo finishers.
It'll probably be a little more like that or a brutality or something, but they're calling it no mercy is what they've got. You know, the boobs of death in killer instinct for orchid.
Now before we get to Jamie's rapid fire news stories, I have some breaking news and this is breaking news of the utmost importance. Listen up.
This is like, this is like code red breaking news. This is, this is huge. Um, I just saw this on Twitter. Dark soccer. Listen up. I just thought this is, this is, this is at you girl. Okay. I just saw this on Twitter. I didn't do it. This is from my pal Godfrey who runs a long running podcast.
I just want to give a quick shout out to gamer tag radio shadow runs a very long running podcast over there. Just tweeted this news report from computer and video games.com what a mass effect trilogy for PlayStation four and Xbox one spotted on a Chilean retail site.
What now granted it's, it's just a retail site in Chile, but apparently a retail listing with box art even for the mass effect trilogy for PlayStation four and Xbox one has been spotted. Is it going to still have the same low res textures from the year?
Go ask Chile, but I don't speak Chilean. There does appear to be indication that this, I mean, again, you know, the retail site could just be trying to get pre-order money or whatever, which, you know, could be a thing, but, uh, it's looking at, this would be very interesting for the next game.
Maybe this is going to be now how you can have a save file that possibly goes into the next game. I doubt that's going to be the only way, especially since they're going to do a PC version.
So, uh, yeah. Uh, which also means this is also a important, this would be the fourth time that I will buy the mass effect trilogy. If this news is true, I own it on PlayStation three.
I own the three games separately on Xbox three 60 and I own all three games separately on PC because I am a whore and how I should go.
You should know, but here's the, here's the whole, the whole thing about it though, is that unless you're going to add something to make it special, there's really no point. I don't have, I mean, we were talking about getting a PS4, but I don't have one yet.
The point is mass effect on another console. That's the point.
And you know what, Rob, I have just the PC versions cause you know what? I have modded mine to shit and back and make them look pretty.
Garris in ultra HD.
My Garris is already in ultra HD. I have high res mods. Thank you.
Uh, Bobby black Wolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, yay, two more platform. Yay. Two more platforms. I can not play mass effect on Bobby.
You're going to reprogram the whole thing for frostbite.
Bobby, you go to hell, you go to hell and you die. Just kidding hearts. Anyhow, that was our very important, mega important super.
I had actually saw that earlier, but since this is a retailer listing that, and personally I haven't heard anything, I didn't think it was worth mentioning.
Yeah, see, Loki hasn't heard anything.
In the spirit of, of what we were talking about with Roswell, New Mexico earlier tonight, I want to believe.
Good Lord, Rob.
I want to believe.
You know what?
What?
I will just keep modding my game with pretty hair and buff arms.
Why don't you mod this show with some rapid fire news?
How about I mod you? How about I just take, I'm keeping your iPad now. Thank you. It's prettier than mine anyway.
Hey, that, that is the super special new iPad. It was so new. It was only on the market for like six months before they replaced it.
Yeah. Anyway, um, there is a full length documentary that's available online for download called Gaming in Color.
That is, you know, instead of mentioning all of the, the standard, what's the, the LGBTQA?
Quilt bag encompasses everything. Quilt bag.
Well, I am going to say non-cishet. How's that? It's a little faster.
Okay. I like quilt bag.
Okay. Quilt bag.
At any rate, um, it's available for a pay what you want. The Kickstarter is already finished and it is available for download.
And let me get the link, um, at gamingincolor.v, like VictorHHotelXXray.tv.
Or just Google it. You'll find it.
Or Google it. Thanks, Rob. I was trying to make use of my NATO alphabet. Thank you.
I have not seen the documentary yet, but I definitely want to check it out.
I love that they're doing a pay whatever you want type of things for people that, you know, can afford to drop a little more than, than others.
I think that's, that's really cool. That shows that they just want to get the message out.
I would say pay like, pay what you can. Don't pay what you want. Pay what you can.
Yeah.
If that makes sense.
That's a really good distinction. That is a really good distinction. Pay what you want versus pay what you can. I like that.
Because I want to pay 500 bucks, but I can't. So I would pay 10 because that's what I have.
There you go.
But anyway, the message is aimed at people who don't understand the need for having characters that fight bigotry that are against the cishet norm, you know.
And so it's meant to just really open people's minds and give a different perspective. And I'm looking forward to watching it.
The only, hmm, I better keep my mouth shut because I'm going to get myself in trouble.
Just say it. Say it.
The only thing I don't like about the cishet term, like I get it. I understand why it's there.
But 90% of the time I see it used is by a social justice warrior who doesn't have a goddamn clue what they're talking about.
I know.
That's the only thing that bugs me about that word that makes it kind of nails on a chalkboard.
I'm not saying I hate the word or I just, I get why it's there and everything, but it's just like, so, it's like rating a movie NC-17.
They've used that rating with so many terrible movies that you can't take a movie seriously anymore that has that rating.
I don't know what else to compare it to.
By the way, Rob, by the way, Queen Simia asks what the U stands for.
Unsure. I think it is. Quilt bag. Questioning. No, no. I'll look it up. I'll look it up.
Okay.
Anyhow.
I just like to say extra sexy. How's that? Or in case you're me, then it's non-sexy.
Okay. So, in other news.
In other news.
Questioning undecided. It's questioning undecided, intersex, lesbian, transsexual, bisexual, asexual, gay.
Quilt bag. Pretty cool, huh?
Okay.
Okay.
The more you know.
And, and to kind of further go into what we were talking about, about Mass Effect trilogy, I did some extra checking.
And yes, I can say that I don't think that that's legit.
Yet. I mean, I can see him doing something like that, but no.
Why don't you just come over here and take a shit on my desk? Because that's pretty much what you're doing right now, Loki.
You know what? I'm pretty much, um, I kind of don't care, you know?
It's fine. In all seriousness, as much as I would buy the, I would do it again.
But I really want to hear about what's next for Mass Effect.
Mass Effect 4, quote, Rob would do it again. End quote.
Well, what engine did they use to make that? Was that the same engine that they did Dragon Age out of?
I mean, maybe they're, I know Inquisition's coming out later on this year, but I don't think it's the same engine as the last Dragon Age game.
Are they doing Inquisition on Frostbite?
Yeah, I think it's all Frostbite now, so.
Inquisition's the first game on the new engine, I think, so. Anyhow.
Anyway, how about Taito? I love Taito. Taito is doing a game called Rhythm Vaders that is a kind of a groove, it's called a groove coaster game, I guess? Or is it in the name?
But anyway, it is going to be possibly getting an international release.
It is, it might be using a different name over here than versus what it is in Japan, but it looks kind of neat. Rhythm Vaders? That's a fun name.
Although now I'm thinking of Darth Vader with a boombox.
Groove Coaster's a fun little iOS game. It really is. It's worth your time.
Okay. And then Capcom is, they actually are possibly going to be revealing Resident Evil 7 at E3.
It comes out from the Sankei financial newspaper that they're looking to make that release, so take it for what you will.
But more Resident Evil, which just got super convoluted. I haven't played one since Code Veronica.
Can they just, can it just be Resident Evil 5?
Like, you know, Resident Evil 4, great Resident Evil game, and then can they just make this new one?
Can they just go back and say, you know what, we're just going to do Resident Evil 5 again.
Like, not a remake, just the real Resident Evil 5. Like, the other two would, haha, just kidding.
It was all a dream.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. Like, the whole Dallas thing. Like, it was all a dream.
It was just in the shower.
I actually, I like what Queen Sami said. ME4, it's not Shepard.
Alright.
It's basically, it's the story of Garrus being a badass. I play it.
You never know who the next character might be, you never know. Let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Do it.
Every week we ask our Facebook and Google Plus communities a question. You throw it together, you get FUGL.
Obviously, the whole damn world's talking about the ET cartridges that were found in the landfill over the weekend,
bringing conclusive proof to an urban legend from many of our childhoods.
Although, I would argue if it was really an urban legend, but I digress.
Everyone's talking about it. It's in the mainstream press, and I linked to an article from USA Today.
That's how big this news is, okay? It goes beyond just gamer news.
Now, with that out of the way, what's your favorite gaming urban legend, and bonus points if you think it's true, okay?
So, let's go to your favorite gaming urban legend.
We're gonna start with Gaming Nerd over on Facebook, who says,
The Haunting Story of Polybus, the arcade machine that causes various degrees of stress, nightmares, insanity, and even suicide.
Bobby was talking about this on his show tonight a little bit.
I mentioned it.
Yeah, you mentioned it as well. Do you want to quickly summarize the Polybus thing?
It's a game that was supposedly created by the government to test reflexes.
It used really like a crazy flashing light show. Some people said that they saw the game,
and there are recreations made based off of descriptions.
But there is one supposedly black and white picture of the game with the logo,
and then it's otherwise just been thrown in the background as sort of an urban legend sort of thing.
Like, it made an appearance in The Simpsons and Robert's...
Yeah, Bobby's corrected me in chat. Polybius. Well, here's the thing.
If the game's fake, then why is there really a way to pronounce it after all?
That's my argument, so there.
Alright, moving on. Renee, our friend from Killer Queens from Outer Space Podcast says,
The code to make Smurfette naked in the Smurf adventure on Colecovision, and it's true!
I actually, because I had played a ton of that game when I was...
Go figure! You?
No, I had a Coleco, but I never knew about that.
But yeah, it's true. It's a programming glitch because of the limitations of the system.
They can only draw so many sprites on different layers, and so if you happen to duck down by Smurfette,
it draws your hat, and then it never draws her skirt again.
And her skirt actually ends up going flying, like floats away or something. It's kind of weird.
But it's not intentional. It's just a bug.
Syal responds on Facebook and says, Duke Nukem forever. Oh wait, that happened.
Do creepypastas count as urban legends? Sure, why not.
So he links to a creepypasta article that talks about Lavender Town Syndrome.
In the Too Long Didn't Read version, music from Lavender Town in the early versions of Red and Green made kids commit suicide.
When the sounds were analyzed in 2010, it drew images of the Pokemon Unknown spelling out, leave now.
Okay, that's a little ridiculous.
Alright. Let's see, some other comments. Monty Boggs says, Tron. Oh wait, it's real.
Oh, you mean the actual Tron, like the universe of Tron exists? No, I think that it was maybe Space Paranoids.
But you know, they actually made Space Paranoids, as we played it at Electronica.
Ronnie B says, this is like an in-real-life version of Jumanji. I only remember the Bigfoot legend of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Awesome Unicorn says, beyond the simple you-can-revive-so-and-so legends of most Final Fantasies,
I really enjoy the legend of the hidden narrative of Final Fantasy VIII, in which Squall dies at the end of disc one,
and the rest of the game is a fever dream during his last moments before death.
I can't say if it was intentionally written that way, but it really makes the inconsistencies in characterization more interesting.
That's kind of, I like that kind of urban legend, just another way of interpreting the story. That's pretty cool.
Red the Haze replies and says, don't know if this qualifies as an urban legend, but the Haunted Majora's Mask Cart, also known as the Bensave,
it genuinely creeped me out, and people believed it when it came out because of the videos of a hacked ROM of Majora's Mask.
I don't know much about that one. Do you know that?
Yeah, I remember it. It's kind of creepy, but it's silly. The whole game looks creepy.
Let's see, Nemesis 47 names a few of them here. Only one among the urban myths that I mentioned that's half real is, again, as I say, Polybus, but Polybius,
because my boss at the City of the Dead Haunted House actually knows a guy who has the actual cabinet to the game.
Don't know if it, see, but here's the thing. You know a guy who knows a guy? Come on. Come on. I want to see the receipts. I want to see the receipts.
Show me the game. Show me the game. No offense to Nemesis 47, but I'm just saying that that's how these legends start. I know a guy who knows a guy.
Well, do you, is it possible that you just know a liar? I mean, anyway, don't know if it causes said dizzy effects, but it's half real from what he said in the YouTube video they posted.
Critical Myth replies and says, his favorite gaming urban legend? Half-Life 3.
Andy R. replies and says, the Mew under the truck by the S.S. Anne myth. Tried it myself eventually and found it was false.
Rage Nader talks about the haunted Zelda cartridge, and that's the only one that comes to mind.
Our friend, our friend Spike, from the fantastic podcast GameBully.org, replies and says, Ermac in the first Mortal Kombat.
That was more of an April Fools joke gone crazy that they actually turned into a real thing because the developers thought it was so funny. So, that's pretty, pretty awesome.
Nemesis 47 is trying to dig up the video right now.
I'm trying to find one that's sort of a current...
Hey, I like that I asked for the receipts and they're trying to get them. I appreciate that.
I'm trying to find one that I know is a very recent one that's going with Animal Crossing New Leaf.
That's for, and I've mentioned it before on the show, Aika Village, where it's basically set up as, it walks you through the village a certain way.
It's always nighttime, of course, because it's, you know, Dream Village, but it walks you through the story of this kid being murdered.
And then like all these graves and candy everywhere and really a lot of weirdness going on.
But people were like, some people were like, oh, it was actually haunted or something. And it was actually a story about this, that this girl wrote about her life and everything.
And I don't know if that's true. I've seen people post on forums where one person says, yeah, I know the person that made it and this is what happened.
This is her story. She doesn't want to come forward, you know, but it definitely falls under the category of creepypasta. So, I'll find the code for people.
Going to Google Plus, which that is not an urban legend. Google still does have Google Plus, despite all the news you heard this week.
Well, yeah, because they made you all, you know, sign up for accounts. Oh, here's the great part. I love this, you know, with YouTube and stuff.
They keep saying, hey, you sure you don't want to use your real name? I'm like, no, you know, I want to use this name.
And so they actually gave me an option to like create an account. I thought, oh, I got to, you know, specify a name.
And so now I have two accounts that are both low-key O-L-R. I'm like, and I can't delete the other one. It's just this blank account that's sitting there.
I had the hardest time connecting the Orange Lounge Radio YouTube with the Orange Lounge Radio Google Plus page.
I had the hardest time doing that. I still don't know how we did it. I think Jason did it and just, you know, I was like, oh, it's fixed.
I think that's finally what happened. I had the hardest time doing that. But anyway, I digress.
A new priest, an old priest.
By the way, if I may say, the ICA village dream code is two, six, oh shit.
Two, six, oh shit.
I tried to actually pull it up and the page closed itself.
Two, six, oh shit. They don't want her giving out the code.
All right. It's two, six, zero, zero, zero, two, one, eight, seven, two, nine, eight. So that's ICA village.
All right. Google Plus answers.
Flaco Jones, our friend that was here last, I don't know if you heard last week's episode, but Flaco filled in for you at the last minute and did a great job.
Yeah, I saw him yesterday.
Great guy. Anyway, Flaco replies and says, the story about Earthbound not coming to Virtual Console because of legal issues.
It was all based on one well-written article that didn't name its sources.
Time helped the game steam and it seemed to make sense until the game was finally released on Wii U and no litigation filed.
That's a good choice.
AJA Twist replies and says, I like the Pokemon legends. There's a lot and some are pretty dark.
For example, in the original Blue and Red, one legend is that you killed your rivals at Raticate.
The last time you see your rivals Raticate is during a battle on a ship.
The next time you see your rival is in Lavender Tower. Your rival says to you, why are you here?
You don't have any dead Pokemon, which could mean he is there because he has a dead Pokemon.
There wasn't a Pokemon Center on the ship where you had your last battle, which led people to believe he couldn't save his Raticate's life.
Oh, there is a lot of these around Pokemon. I didn't realize.
ActDeft replies and says, not technically legends, but a lot of EGM's old April Fools jokes were like it back in the day for me.
Especially since many of my friends and I didn't know about April Fools and truly believed what the magazine said back then.
Heck, I knew people that still thought of those as totally true despite me telling them how they were fake.
And last but not least, our pal VxChasenXV replies on Google and says, I'm a pretty big fan of the Video Gaming Causes Real Life Violence legend.
For the lulz. Good answer. I like those sassy answers there.
That's the answers from Facebook and Google Plus. A lot of them were named. Does anybody here in the room have a favorite that was not named?
The one that comes to mind for me from growing up was kind of referenced in one of these but wasn't explicitly named.
And that would be how you can revive Palom and Porom in Final Fantasy II, which remember was II in America but IV in Japan.
But when we were younger, we didn't know about IV in Japan. We only knew about II.
And when you would try to unstone Palom and Porom, you get an item box, you can't do anything.
And there was always that urban legend that you can do it, you can do it if you get the special item, you can do it.
Well, you could do it in the Japanese version of the game where the item existed, but never could do it in Final Fantasy II.
There were also, I mean even though I hate the bitch, there were also all the Eryth as having supposed to have been, there was like a revival quest in II.
And that half of it's written for, not in II, I'm saying in Disc II, that it was written for but never implemented.
So you can actually find code from where you were supposed to be able to revive her and there are ways to bring her back in your party but it glitches the game out really badly.
Phoenix down.
I also think the biggest one of all was probably Final Fantasy VI and reviving General Leo because you couldn't even do that in the Japanese version.
Seriously, why couldn't they just use a Phoenix down? I mean, that doesn't make any sense, like, oh, she's dead.
It's like, well, hey, we got this Phoenix down that could totally revive people.
Because your character just faints when they get to zero health.
Right, because of being set on fire, eaten by animals. I fainted, not died.
Any gaming urban legends for you, Loki, or were they all...
The only one I could think of was people looking for a game shark code or an in-game code to make Lara Croft naked in Tomb Raider.
I mean, there's all those April Fools jokes and stuff. Maybe that, I don't know.
Now there was one that when I was a kid we thought was just a legend until we actually found it to be true because I did it.
It was Mortal Kombat 2 playing Pong.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I actually played 250 versus games and we got Pong.
What a way to spend a Saturday.
Seriously.
But you got Pong.
Well, yeah, it was kind of fun. Then my brothers and I tried to do it on the Super Nintendo cartridge and it only stops at 200 games.
All right, let's move on back into some more news. Thank you everybody who answered the FUGL question of the week. Loki.
All right. So, you know, this is kind of interesting, but we've got...
Let's see here.
We've got Zynga back in the news because I hadn't heard about them forever and I thought they kind of went to the wayside and, you know, King was the new,
I hate this company, company in the mobile space, but apparently Zynga, the founder, has stepped down and they have a new person now taking his place.
So now I guess Mark Pincus is leaving and in his place they're getting the, what is it, the Xbox Live Journal manager or the, I guess, now former Xbox Live general manager who's taking his place.
So that's, I don't know, interesting I guess because Xbox Live seems to be a better run than probably Zynga in my opinion.
So maybe, I don't know, I got nothing. I don't see them coming back and being like this big powerhouse thing.
All I see them doing is like, hey, Farmville 3?
Zynga needs to launch a console. That's what they're doing.
Oh God, that would be terrible. But no, I don't know. I just don't care about them anymore. That's pretty much it.
I need a game I can take seriously out of them if they want me to take them seriously. Otherwise I just kind of go, oh, that's that company that makes all that crap.
Like something innovative. Because nowadays everything that they've done has kind of been done by everybody else and better, but at the same time there's so much saturation in that market that it's so hard to stand out.
I would love to see them come out at E3 with a trailer on YouTube that blows everybody away. I'm talking like Dead Island type of trailer, which that game wasn't even that great.
But the trailer, remember the trailer and everybody was talking about that trailer, right? I need Zynga to come out with something like that and then the Zynga logos at the end and everybody's like, no fucking way.
That's how they can fix that. Exactly. You come out with that game, it's like a mind blowing trailer. It's like, I never thought they'd do a game like this.
You also just kind of have to accept the fact that Zynga doesn't make games for you and me anymore. They make games for...
I understand that, but it's just like... I guess this is my same gripe that I have in the whole mobile space. These companies make the same type of game just kind of like reskinned over and over and over again.
And then on top of that, you have everybody that clones those games or they're cloning other people's games and reskinning them. Everybody's just reskinning and cloning.
In fact, it was funny because there's still all the flappy bird stuff on there and I saw, was it this week, that there's even goat simulator clones now coming on there, which is fine.
Whatever. It's a physics simulator with a goat. I mean, whatever. You can't really do much on mobile anyways.
It's just interesting that people will seriously try to copy whatever is popular at that moment. They just try to grab some cash and then kind of move on to the next popular thing.
Maybe it works. I don't know. I haven't tried, but it's just weird.
All right. Well, moving on. I'm going to talk quickly about this because it was really brought up earlier in the show.
But some news about the game sales in China. China did lift its ban on foreign game consoles back in January.
So there's some news about now how this is going to work and the kind of content that will actually be allowed to be sold in the country.
So for example, gambling related game features would not be able to be sold in the country. So no Vegas stakes on virtual console in China.
I would think a gambling element could be really vaguely doesn't necessarily have to be a gambling simulator.
It could be anything where you can like in some of the final fantasy games, isn't there like you can gamble Gill or something like think about it.
There could be an element in the game that would make it a bad also final fantasy six would not be able to be sold there.
Yeah. Right. So any, um, any game that is threatening to quote China's national unity sovereignty or territorial integrity or any content that instigates racial or ethnic hatred will not be distributable in the country.
Does that mean no civilization? Cause like no game makes me a bigger racist civilization.
And it's all, it's only during the game, you know, where you'll get, you'll get really pissed off. Like, you know, like the fucking Dutch, God damn the Dutch, the Dutch just took my goddamn city again.
But at the end of the day, like I love sill and I love that I'm half Dutch, but during civilization.
And I married, uh, there you go. You married. Yeah. You married as Dan's grandfather says, if you ain't Dutch ain't much, but when I'm playing civilization and they're my rival, I hate them.
So I wonder if that would be something cause I've, I've played my games of Civ where I hate the Chinese as well.
So I would wonder if that might be a game that would end up being banned. Who knows? Uh, games can also not promote obscenity, drug use, violence or gambling and no cults or superstitions. Well, no.
Well, it looks like there's no games coming to China. Unfortunately, uh, that's too bad.
Would Farmville be okay? Maybe. Well, actually, apparently final fantasy 14, they're going to release in China and it's a bit, you know, MMOs are huge in China and there's not a lot of cross.
I don't, I mean, world of Warcraft is out in China, but it's a different company and I think they're an expansion behind and it's not quite the phenomenon.
It is here. So, you know, a lot of the MMOs that do well here don't necessarily do well there and vice versa. Their MMOs are not necessarily popular here.
Um, but they are going to release 14. So that should be interesting to see. So anyhow, it's a damn shame that RO2 was kind of lame.
But it had good music.
Act deft in our chat room. I have had it with these motherfucking Dutch in this motherfucking game.
I have had it with these monkey loving Dutch in this Monday to Friday plane.
Oh, Lord.
Moving on, uh, to our Sakura.
Well, um, how about something Minecraft related as we've already, the game that just doesn't stop, I guess Minecraft would be okay in China.
I don't think any of those things are necessarily, huh? I don't know.
I think the slender man has his own claim. You're killing animals. Is that violence though?
Oh, could be. Anyway, how about Minecraft realms, which we have discussed in the past.
Um, but the Minecraft realms is a hosting and set up for multiplayer Minecraft worlds that's $13 a month.
So basically it's just a giveaway for parents to restrict, you know, who their kids can play with by having it be invite only or have different range of permissions available.
It's only out for PC and you can find out more at minecraft.net forward slash realms.
I don't know. There's also something on there about discounts. If you go to three or six month subscriptions, which I don't know, that's actually not bad.
And you can get up to, uh, uh, 10 players at a time on each realm.
Uh, I mean, that's cool that they're doing some official thing, but let me put it this way. You can do it cheaper and better.
Um, I pay like five bucks a month and I can do up to 20. Granted, there's more set up to it. Um, but you can do mod support and all that stuff.
But if you just want a way that, you know, whatever, that you don't want to mess with any of that set up and everything, then I guess that'd be a good way to go.
And you can do other things too. You can not only just host your own worlds, but you can actually set up like mini games and stuff.
They have like pre-made mods that you can kind of, I want to set up a tower defense world or I want to set up, you know, this, uh, you know, PvP world or I want to do something else.
And you can do that pretty easily. They have mods and stuff available for that. Um, and then on top of that, um, I think that realm supports also supposed to be coming to mobile.
So you'll be able to have your own servers and stuff if you want to play mobile.
That's cool for the mobile.
For the pocket edition. Yeah. So that'd be kind of neat.
Um, I would love servers for the Xbox 360 version because right now you have to have like, you know, one person logged in stuff.
That'd be pretty awesome if you could do like a remote server that you can log into or something.
Um, indeed it would be.
Um, some more Minecraft information. Of course there's going to be some new updates coming out soon.
Um, one of which though is going to be including world customization, um, updates.
And what that means is there's going to be a lot more control over how your world is generated in the, um, the initial build of it.
I guess you can, um, set, you know, limits, including, you know, how deep the world goes, how the upper limits, they have different presets.
You can, you know, generate caves or not, villages, temples, strongholds, um, really, uh, lots of control.
They had a video that came out that kind of showed all this stuff and it looks pretty cool.
You can make some pretty crazy looking worlds out of that.
Um, also, if you happen to own consoles that are not PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360, you might be wondering, hey, when am I going to be able to play Minecraft?
Well, the PlayStation 4 and Vita versions of the game are going to be available, um, in either quarter 2 or quarter 3, so sometime this summer.
And, um, you can transfer your PlayStation 3 worlds to them, which is kind of cool.
And those will be coming out at some point, um, saying that they will have some news, I guess, later on if there's going to be cross-buy or a PS3 to PlayStation 4 upgrade option.
Um, but, it's still pretty cool.
And then also, they're saying that, um, not only does the PlayStation 4 and Vita versions support transferring saves, but the Xbox One will support the 360 saves being transferred to it as well.
So, that's pretty cool, so you don't have to lose your world and you can, you know, upgrade whenever it comes out.
Uh, no word, though, on when that version of the game will be coming out, but at some point, you know, maybe this year.
They pushed that, they stealthily pushed that back. That, Minecraft on PS4 was supposed to be out already.
Yeah, the PS3 version, well, disc versions coming out in a couple, I think like a week or so.
So, um, and that's already selling like hotcakes. So, you'd be surprised, like the disc version of the Xbox 360 version has been top ten selling titles since it's been released.
Oh yeah, it's crazy how huge Minecraft is. I have co-workers that never talk about video games, but they'll talk about, oh yeah, I played Minecraft this weekend with my nephew.
It's like, oh.
It's fun.
My game's huge.
I haven't touched our server in two months.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, when I got my new computer and stuff, I had like, some of my bookmarks were gone, so I just haven't gone around to updating stuff.
Alright, well, a real quick update here for you guys on Theatrhythm.
You remember that game on the 3DS? It was a music game from Square, which featured a lot of music from Final Fantasy.
I reviewed the game on VOG Network when it first came out. I think I gave it a B+.
But, I mean, that's still good and I like the game.
And I'm excited about this. Theatrhythm Final Fantasy Curtain Call is coming. It was confirmed for North America.
I believe the game just came out in Japan, but thanks to region locking, we're going to have to wait for the US version unless somebody can find me a Japanese 3DS.
Two hundred and twenty-one songs in this version of the game. Sixty characters from the Final Fantasy franchise in it.
What's really cool is that this time the game is going to have music from Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, and some of the Final Fantasy side games that were there, as well as in the main series, including music from Final Fantasy XIV, which is very good, because XIV's got a great soundtrack, and music from X-2 and other stuff as well.
The only thing that kind of pisses me off, being that I own the original Theatrhythm game and I paid for it and all that stuff, is that every single song from the original Theatrhythm, and I think all the DLC, is already in this game.
So it's like, oh, okay, so there's literally no reason to own the old game. And I can't even really sell the old game, because it ain't going to be worth the hoot with this other game out there.
So that part's kind of like, hmm, but whatever. There is an announcement trailer out there, and I'll probably buy the game anyway, because I really like Final Fantasy, you guys. A lot. A lot, a lot.
Alright, we're going to get to the mailbag. Let's get to the mailbag, because you guys email us every week at participate at orangelaungeradio.com, and we read some of our favorite emails here on air.
Where's my music? I don't have my music tonight. Can you sing Dark Soccer, maybe?
Uh, words?
I did not have my theme music for the mailbag.
Well, how could you do that?
I was missing another one of my files earlier. Alright, participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send your emails.
So, thanks to a technical issue, Dark Soccer is not going to be reading emails tonight. I'm going to read them in her place.
So, Dark Soccer, if I could borrow your hazmat suit while I dive into the mailbag.
I don't know, it's got stuff all over it.
Gross. Alright, let me see if I can get in there, and pull out some emails. We have three emails tonight.
First email comes to us from EA Skizie, who says, what's up orange people? I don't think I'm actually orange.
You don't look like Bob Barker.
I don't look like Bob Barker. That man was orange. Orange. I did go to a Taming of the Price is Right, but I'll say that story for another week.
I have never had an email read on any podcast or radio show, so thanks for that last week.
You're welcome. Other podcasts you listen to don't read your emails. I guess maybe you listen to too many podcasts that get famous people that have thousands and thousands of listeners.
But trust me, the independent producers appreciate each and every email that they get.
We'll read your email again this week.
My buddy demands that I don't lower the difficulty on Torchlight 2 for our co-op playthrough, so I'm stuck dying a lot. Whatever.
Oh yeah, this was the email last week about how do I get better at Torchlight 2 because I keep dying, and we're like, play it on an easier mode.
Here's the next question from EA Skizie.
If Sonic the Hedgehog and Princess Peach, or Toadstool, had a baby, what would it look like? What would his or her name be?
And what kind of game would he or she star in? Oh, and don't forget, who is their enemy or final boss?
If Sonic the Hedgehog and Princess Peach had a baby, what would it look like? Well, considering one is a hedgehog and one is a person.
It would look like a mutation.
It would look like something I would see on the cover of Weekly World News.
It would look like a hybrid, because that's what it would be.
Well, technically, is she a Toadstool? I mean, she might be part mushroom or something, so I don't know how that works.
She has fronds under her skirt.
Well, if you mix Sonic with a Toad, you know, Sonics and Hedgehogs are fast and Toads are a little slow, I think you'd end up with somebody normal. That's what you would get.
And what game would they star in? Normal the Unremarkable Hero.
Copyright OLR 2014.
Honestly, what you would have is you would have Knuckles, because it's a character that runs pretty fast and can kind of hover, because Princess Peach does her little hover thing, so you have Knuckles.
You would get another shitty Sonic friend, that's what you get.
Yes, another shitty Sonic friend, and the enemy would be, I don't know, who's against bestiality? Everybody?
I've got it. So, if the spawn of Sonic and Princess Toadstool is normal the unremarkable, then who would the final boss of the game be? Captain Fabulous!
He's the anti-hero.
You need to make that game.
You kind of cheer for him a little bit. Normal the unremarkable, fighting Captain Fabulous.
Well, there's Captain Rainbow. I mean, that's close.
Who should totally be a character in Smash Bros., because nobody is expecting that.
You know who needs to be a character in Smash Bros. is Tingle. That's the one I'm waiting for.
I don't think anyone would care, but he's an assist, though.
Alright, anyhow, EA Skizie says, I thought this would be a fun question for you guys to tackle. Keep gaming, guys. The show is dope. Happy face.
P.S. Please do the show till you die. I'll listen to your cranky old asses forever. LOL.
Well, thanks for the sentiment, I think.
You're listening to Orange Lounge, right here.
You're listening to Orange Lounge, oops, I crapped my pants.
I'd be like, you're listening to Orange.
And now it's time for the classic nap of the week.
The classic game of the week is Titanfall.
Titanfall. Titanfall 4 by then.
Alright, there you go. That's email number 1. Thank you, EA Skizie, for the lulz.
Let us go to email number 2 from Awesome Unicorn.
Awesome Unicorn, dear OLR, my apologies for sounding like a miserable grammar Nazi, but I couldn't let slide this chance to razz on Jamie and come to Rob's defense.
I picked the best week ever to do the mailbag. Oh, I'm perked up now. Razzing on Jamie, coming to my defense. Yay!
Thank you, Alan. Alan says what I was thinking.
Alan, my partner in the kitchen, watch it be wrong.
Oh, I'm ready.
Well, let's finish Awesome Unicorn's email. I am so ready for this. Here we go.
At the end of the last episode, Rob says, it will just be Jamie and I.
At which point, Jamie states that it should be and me, not and I.
Thanks to the linking verb, here a form of to be, in the sentence, the pronoun used as the object must complement the subject in a case called the predicate nominative.
I can't even pronounce his justification.
Basically, it's the grammatical equivalent of the reflexive property, a equals a.
For pronouns, this case is identical to the subjective case, so this is the reason you would say, this is she, when answering the phone, or it will be Jamie and I when discussing podcasting plans.
But, I don't like the but in this case. Usually, I'm a fan of buts, but in this case, I don't know.
But, with all that out of the way, the predicate nominative is dying a swift death in our current vernacular.
So, even though Rob is actually right, Jamie isn't wrong. Thanks for nothing, Four Years of Latin.
I promise I'm not rude. I just wanted a chance to tease Jamie.
Thanks for another week of entertainment and stay awesome.
But, it would be determined on if you were actually trying to use it as a continuation where there was a, where the next part of the sentence would be an understood item, or if you were actually using it in a subjective sense.
You know what? I like emails that tell me I'm the most smartest on this show, so you know what?
But.
It's smarterest.
That's right. I am the mosted smarterest.
I am smarter than you, so.
I am surrounded by people who don't know how to speak their own language.
Oh, I forgot. This is America. Of course no one knows how to speak their own language.
We don't speak English here. We speak Murican.
That's, that's always my favorite comeback to the whole like, you know, well, this is America, and in America, we speak English. And I'm like, you don't.
And besides that, you know what?
We have no national language. It's official.
No national language.
Anyway, can we talk about butts?
We all have one.
Girls' butts?
No.
Whatever you're into. Whatever you're into. All right. Anyhow, thank you Awesome Unicorn for trying to stick up for me a little bit, even if you concede it at the end there a little bit, but I'm just saying.
All right. We have another email here from Dr. Noir, who says, hail to the OL army chiefs. Greetings from Lima, Peru, from your other Mexican recruit. So not act deaf, but the other.
But wouldn't he be Peruvian?
Well, I think he's just visiting Peru is my, my thought here. So maybe.
Let us know if you're visiting Peru or you're actually Peruvian.
Because saying Peruvian is awesome.
That is, that is true. Do we have any Peruvian listeners? I'd actually kind of like to know that.
But anyhow, I love hearing from listeners around the world. Nothing.
What? You laughing over there?
I'll friend anyone's butt.
Here's the thing. I'm going to tell you, please don't be shy. Please don't be afraid that your English isn't good enough, especially when dark Sakura can sometimes be a bit of a grammar Nazi and now she has a helper.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I do not like that terminology because they were awful and killed people.
Okay, fine. A grammar.
Extremist.
A grammar bitch. All right.
Okay. I will go for grammar bitch.
Anyhow, here's the thing. I, I, nothing tickles me more as a, as a podcaster here in the United States than hearing from people around the world.
I know we have listeners in Mexico. We have listeners in Sweden. We have listeners in Japan. Hell, we even have listeners in Canada. Fuck yeah.
But I'd like to hear from our, our listeners from around the world. Nothing is more rewarding than a podcaster. So please, please email us, you guys. I want to hear from all you around the world.
Anyhow. Oh, we have a Belgian listener too. I remember that we get those emails too. So anyhow, back to Dr. Noir.
I've been trying to remember the name of a game for the past month with zero success and it's killing me.
So I would like to pick the collective OL army brain to get that monkey off my back. Now I read this email before the show. I didn't know.
So here we go. Let's see if you guys can end chat room. Play along. Here we go.
This is an eight or 16 bit game where you place mythical creatures. I remember unicorns and dragons on a hex board to do battle against monsters on a turn-based strategy system.
The creatures level up as they acquire kills. The name and platform for the game is what I'm after and a source would be appreciated since I want to play it with my kids.
Hopefully it will hold up nicely to the test of time.
Oh my God. I know what this is. It's, um, and it was sort of, no, it was, it was a hex board. It wasn't isometric, but my brain went to Arcon. Arcon was not a hex board.
No, but, um, and I don't know, but didn't the makers. Okay. There was a game by the makers of Nobunaga's ambition, which involves mythical creatures.
I think, but I might be on the wrong track. Rama thinks super Godzilla, but that didn't really, that was on a hex board, but I don't think, uh, like he's thinking, he says unicorns and dragons.
Um, there's, uh, I don't remember the name. I thought it was the one that there, uh, there was a recent Kickstarter that they were rebuilding the game for, uh, or, uh, doing a sequel to it.
And I don't remember. I'm not actually on Kickstarter trying to remember what the hell the name was from the original creator. Um, and apparently it was a popular game.
I don't know if that's the one, if it was, um, I hate, hate the way they have this set up here. It's so hard to find anything. God damn it.
I'm trying to think of what that game was that, um, I'm sorry guys, I'm drawing a blank here. I hate not knowing these things.
So some folks in chat, uh, hex heroes, uh, act F says hex heroes. Uh, Rob of us says heroes of might and magic.
I was thinking here is a main magic. I think that might've been it. Let me see. I'm going to look it up right now. I still have no connection. So
sorry for the dead air guys, but this is super important. We're trying to figure out what this game is. Heroes of might magic.
Oh yeah. Cause it had all the sequels and everything. And heroes of might magic was 95 though with that. I guess that'd be around about end of SNES era.
But the problem was I don't think it was on the SNES. I think it was only a PC game, but I guess he didn't say it was PC. That could be it.
Well, uh, Dr. Noir, check that out. See if heroes of might and magic is it. Maybe that's the one you're thinking of, which by the way, it's a huge series.
I've got a ton of that. Uh, some other tips here from the chat. Uh, dungeon Buster says wrath unleashed by Lucas arts, possibly dungeon.
Muster's thinking it could be a Lucas arts game. So, uh, there you go. Some thoughts, but yeah, I am drawing a blank.
I can't remember it. There was a, there was a Kickstarter for an old, it was an old strategy game and uh, they were remaking it.
I don't remember the fuck it was. It was not even that long ago. It was like maybe a month or two ago that they had it come out.
And, uh, God, I'm trying to look it up. It was a, this was a PC title. They had a demo for it and everything. Um, Kickstarter.
All right. That's going to frustrate me. Sorry guys. I know that was a lot of dead air in that, but I'm like, ah, we need to think of the game.
So unfortunately, Dr. Noir stumped the host tonight.
How about we do some research this week and make it a, an answer next week. Yeah, I bet we'll get some emails on it this week or some tweets.
Send me some tweets and I'll retweet, retweet if I think you got the right answer. You know, who's got a great brain for those classic video games that I bet knows this.
If he's listening is a captain spike from game boy. I bet would know this spike. Come hang out and chat. Hold on. Is he on Skype?
Oh Lord. I am not above calling that man right now. If he is on Skype, I don't think he is. He's smarter than that.
Let me see. Yeah, he's not on Skype. Maybe I'll text him. Let's see if he, uh, this was it. It was chaos reborn, but it was a remake of, was it chaos?
Maybe that's not the game I'm thinking of or not the game they're thinking of.
Yeah. SSU 100 Matt in chat says, thanks emailer. Now it's going to drive all of us nuts trying to figure out what this game is.
Well, let's see. So chaos, which was, uh, what system was that? I'm thinking PC. Uh, it was done by, is it fire access to the originally? I don't remember. Maybe this is being remade by fire.
Let's see. Kickstarter campaign. I think it was, do we have any more email? No, that was it. Well, fuck. How about FUs now?
Yes, I think we will get to the FUs of the week. While I send a frantic text message here, uh, while we get to the FUs of the week, I'm going to say FU to that email. Sorry, Dr. Noir, but you know you're going to drive us nuts with that all week now. I don't like not knowing.
We pride ourselves on our knowledge and you have hit the dark corner that the three of us have not overlapped on.
Yeah. All right, so let's get to the FUs of the week.
Um, FU to my iPad and or your internet or the, uh, well Rob's internet or the fact that the two will not nary the two shall meet.
You know, because I haven't been able to get anything working except chat on my iPad and this is getting rid on and also, um, I don't want to say FU to our new, um, cell phone coverage company because they are also Dan's employer, but we need to get that LTE tower out here ASAP.
ASAFP. You know who you are.
All right, Loki, your FUs of the week.
Uh, my FU of the week goes to trying to figure out what this game is.
Uh, what, no, what year, what, what were they talking about before that they came?
They said it needed to be 16 or 8 bit.
16 or 8 bit, but okay. Well, chaos, the original chaos game, um, came out on the ZX spectrum. I don't know if that was it. That was 1985.
That would have been UK.
I have no idea. I give up.
Um, my FU of the week goes to, uh, being stumped right now.
And, uh, my other FU of the week goes to the fact that I have this really bad tendency to have all these phone numbers in my phone and I don't put names on them.
So then when I try to find a phone number later, I can't figure it out. So FU to my lack of organization.
There you go. All right, just a few more news stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get to your calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Loki?
All right. So there's some old edutainment titles that are going to be coming to Steam as well.
Now, I know of these titles. I've never played them, but apparently these are all by Humongous Entertainment, which you may remember is co-founded by Ron Gilbert, who created Secret of Monkey Island.
And, uh, these games, you know, they had such things as, you know, uh, Freddy Fish in the case of the Missing Kelp Seeds, Pajama Sam, No Need to Hide When It's Dark Outside, Putt-Putt and Pep's Ballonorama, and, uh, Freddy Fish and Luther's, uh, was it, Luther's Maze Madness.
Well, now they're going to be launching, um, some more versions of the game, I guess.
Uh, Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon, Pajama Sam 3, You Are What You Eat, From Your Head to Your Feet, Spy Fox 3 Operation Ozone, and Putt-Putt Travels Through Time.
And those are, um, I guess available now, I want to say, and they're even on sale. You can actually grab all 27 games for 100 bucks, if you really want to, if you're really into edutainment.
I don't know. It's neat, I guess.
Or have kids?
Or, yeah.
Like, someone in this room? I don't think my cat would play any of those.
She could use some education.
So, that's pretty cool.
I don't know.
Sorry, I'm sending text messages as you're talking.
Tell Captain Spike I said hi.
I will.
Alright.
Yeah, it looks like these titles are actually going to be released a few each week, so they started releasing them already, but it's going to be released, I guess, through the rest of May, and up through the first week of June, so.
Lots of, lots of titles.
What are you doing?
I am sending a picture of the email, so that I'm not leaving out any details.
Alright.
Moving on to a story about Nintendo, which is a little bit of the whole, like, this is part of why Nintendo's getting a bad rap, y'all.
Dan Adelman, who is over at Nintendo as the head of their indie initiative, which, you know, Nintendo really made a push to try to get indies on the Wii U shop, and we actually heard from a few developers that actually really liked working with Nintendo and how easy it was to get on the shop and so forth.
They're apparently no longer allowed, Dan is no longer allowed to get on Twitter, and the issue here is that he was one of the main points of contact for indie developers.
You know, Twitter's a great way to reach out and get people's attention, like, you know, listeners can tweet me, and I, I, nine times out of ten will respond.
I'm only not going to respond if it's, like, trolling or whatever, but if you, like, ask me a question, I'm going to answer you, which, by the way, twitter.com slash s-k-i-e.
But anyhow, so, but Dan's been shut down by Nintendo.
This was in an observation from one of the writers at Gamasutra, who said that contacting Nintendo was very difficult.
The head of Nintendo's indie initiative was not allowed to speak with us.
This is the sort of corporate policy that perpetuates the stereotype that Nintendo doesn't work well with third parties, and is an emblem of Nintendo's reluctance to change and become more open as markets shift.
As an indie developer, this is very troubling to me.
I've received word from a reliable source that Adelman is no longer allowed to access Twitter.
His last post was in October of last year.
Apparently, he wrote something along the lines of, I travel a lot, so I feel your pain, when somebody didn't like the region locking of the 3DS.
And that was viewed unacceptable by Nintendo, so that was it.
Their twitter was shut down.
It's a little ridiculous and out of touch, if this is true.
Now, granted, I read the Gamasutra piece, and I, I, I thought it was good, but it did seem a little bit like, we're going to really rag on Nintendo because they wouldn't interview with me.
Which was a little bit cheesy.
However, any way you slice it, Nintendo's kind of starting to develop an image problem, and their problem is that they don't get it.
So, I hope that they can do what they need to do to correct that image.
Because there's a lot of people that are kind of rooting for Nintendo, but it's getting harder and harder as the months go on, let me tell you.
And stories like this don't help.
So, there you go.
That's it. That's the last story.
So, I think it's time to open up the Skype line over at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call, and you can talk about whatever you want.
Maybe you know the damn game.
And you can give us a call.
So, while we wait for some calls to come in, I'll turn to Loki, as I usually do at this point of the show, and go, is there any last minute stories?
Ah, no. Not the moment.
Not the moment.
I'll look harder.
Alright. Well, yeah, look harder while we go to take some calls.
He said hard. He said harder.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, this is HecDeaf.
Hey, HecDeaf. How you doing, buddy?
Ah, pretty good. Pretty good.
What's on your mind?
Well, I won't give you head migraines because of something like Dr. Noir.
Well, he's going to feel bad when he listens to this, and I don't want him to.
He should get a point or something for stumping us.
That's what he should get.
Yeah, he got the Stump D, the health achievement.
Yeah. Maybe I'll see if I can get him some loot over on VOG Network.
You gave Rob a migraine. Congrats. No, I'm kidding.
Something that did give me a really great headache was NES Remix 2.
Oh, are you playing NES Remix 2?
Yeah, I got it yesterday, actually, and I'm pretty much liking it.
It's a pretty good game, though. Like I said earlier in chat,
it's basically NES Remix 1, but with other games, it's a bit better,
especially because it has Super Luigi Brothers and the Nintendo Championship world thing.
But something that really struck me, like, oh my god, Nintendo, what are you doing?
Well, I'll ask you first. Did you play the Kirby Adventure challenges?
Yes, and I had the same reaction you did to the whole, like, let's watch the demo as one of the mini challenges.
But you know, I will say this, you'll notice that almost all of the first stages in the games are teaching you how to play the game.
Oh, yeah. That's definitely something I like, even from the first game, that it's teaching you how to play the game.
Well, you know why.
One thing is teaching you how to play. One thing is making you see it through the demo as something that you already played years before.
And this is speaking for me, because you know me, and most people here listening to the show know how I love Kirby.
I know.
So, I felt like, Nintendo, what the fuck are you doing?
ActDeft, let's be real, NES Remix 2 in some ways is virtual console demos that you paid money for.
So, it's got to teach you how to play a little bit. And there's, believe it or not, ActDeft, some of these kids today have never played Kirby.
Yeah, that's something I got told on Twitter. It's probably for the hardcores that don't listen or don't watch the demos or something like that.
But, yeah, it really strikes me like super odd or something like, Nintendo, you're holding my hand way too much.
Because, and I'll say it again, the game already teaches you how to play.
Basically, on the first two challenges, it basically teaches you how to play. So, it's like overdoing it.
And not only Kirby, also, at least from what I played, Wario's Wits also does it.
Which, well, now for Wario's Woods, I kind of need it. Because I got one of those remix stages involving Wario's Woods.
And I was like, literally, I don't know what I'm doing. I've never played this game in my life.
I played a lot of the Nintendo puzzlers. I played the shit out of Dr. Mario, which is the only way I can do good on the Nintendo championships.
It's because I'm pretty good at Dr. Mario, so I can rack up a score there.
But then, outside of that, because it's all about setting up combos, if you want to get the high score in the championship, you've got to know how to do combos in Dr. Mario.
But anyway, besides that, Wario's Woods came out. I've never played Wario's Woods in my life, so I have no idea how that game works.
Actually, I played a lot of Wario's Woods back in the day, when I had the Super Nintendo. I played that version, so I know how to play it too.
There's something that probably also compares between those four challenges, to watch the demo. Wario's Woods is a lot quicker.
Meanwhile, Kirby's takes like two minutes to get it done.
There's a lot to it.
It teaches you all the abilities and all that stuff, so it takes way too long.
Like I said, maybe for someone who doesn't know the game, well, that's okay.
But for me, I'm a veteran Kirby fan. Even Kirby's Adventure was my first Kirby game, so I feel like, well, you know.
Alright, well, ActDeft, I hate to cut you off here, but I have a very important update. I just got a text message. I don't know if you heard the sound in the background.
So here's my buddy, CaptainSpike from gamebuoy.org, who knows a lot, a lot about video games. This man's encyclopedia. He's very smart.
He says, outside of the game Hex, which is just unicorns, or something from the Archon series, which lacks leveling, I'm drawing a blank, which is bizarre.
So he also is stumped. So Dr. Noir, I hate to insinuate this, but are you sure you're getting all the details right? Because you've stumped everybody.
Are you sure it's not Battle Chess?
I like the idea that it's Hex. So go check that one out too.
Maybe they didn't do Hex 2, Electric Boogaloo?
I don't know if you have seen Dungeon Busters message on chat. He said it could be Master of Monsters, and there's the YouTube link.
And it looks kind of like what Dr. Noir talked about, so maybe it could be that.
Master of Monsters. Let me take a peek. You mentioned this game. I've never heard of this in my life, so let me take a look at this.
Master of Monsters. It was on the Genesis, apparently. So I'm trying to look at a clip here of what was sent.
Oh yeah, this looks like it might be a modern Archon or something, because the pieces are fighting. It is a Hex grid.
Ooh, this is a really good guess.
Oh my god, I just looked at pictures of it. This is what I was thinking of.
This is a really good guess.
No, this is exactly what I was thinking of.
Okay, I think this is right. I think Dungeon Busters is right. It's Master of Monsters.
Make sure there wasn't a Master System version.
There might have been.
Yeah, I think this was it. But yeah, there was...
Oh, I guess Spike says he's... I think he's listening, because he just texted, Master of Monsters is probably it, der.
Alright, well there you go. Alright, ActDeaf, well at least you can say you were on the line at the moment we finally figured out what that damn game is.
Good job, Dungeon Buster. You get a cookie. You know what? We will route one of Jamie's tacos your way.
We'll make her part with a taco, Dungeon Buster, and send it your way.
Alright, ActDeaf, I'm gonna let you go get some more calls. Thank you so much, buddy.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Alright. Thanks as always, Kirby. ActDeaf is great, and obviously very knowledgeable when it comes to the Kirby series and all that. Always good to have him on.
But we do have another call coming in. Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This is Ra-ba-ba.
Oh my god, it's Ra-ba-ba, and I can see Ra-ba-ba-ba.
Yeah, I had to cut your feed so I didn't talk over you again.
That's alright.
Oh my god, you look like the guy that I learned Corel Painter from.
Bob Ross? No?
No.
No, not Bob Ross.
No, his name was Jeff. We just called him Jeff.
He's wearing a Game of Thrones shirt, I noticed.
Chair of Swords!
It will always be Chair of Swords to me.
I actually have two characters I like now.
Yeah?
I like Tyrion and I like Arya, but I can't wait to see more. To read more. Read more.
Look, this is not a Game of Swords of Chairs of whatever show. This is a video game show.
Hi Ra-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Ra-ba-ba-ba. I have a feeling I know what game you might be calling on tonight, but let me see.
What do I owe this phone call tonight?
Marvel Puzzle Quest?
Yep, yep. What's up?
Well, you just joined and I noticed you're playing it free and I think that's a great way to go.
I have the OLR army alpha as the first OLR army.
Uh-oh.
There we go.
Ra-ba-ba, we're getting a little bit of a lag spike, Ra-ba-ba, so you said you got the OLR army.
Yes. And it turns out that it's ten right now and it's full, but I can bump it up to twenty with some real cash.
I'm not sure I'm ready for that.
That is a big plunge, Ra-ba-ba. That is some serious commitment.
You're going to need to get in writing from several people that they'll actually try to play in order to bump it up with that.
Actually, most of the Alliance does play. You're in a good one.
Yeah, I noticed that. I saw some people were out there calling people out like,
such and such, you haven't played in like three days, you're not going to be good enough for this.
Yeah.
I'm paraphrasing.
I was hoping that wouldn't happen because I want beginner players as well as experienced players,
whoever wants to be on it, because I don't consider myself that great. I just paid some money and got some power-ups.
There you go. At least you admit. But if you like a free-to-play game enough, throw a little money at it.
I did with Path of Exile and I don't regret it at all. But Ra-ba-ba, I need tips.
So for those that are just getting into Marvel Puzzle Quest, what would you say are some tips?
Well, tips, keep your one-star characters. I know I put that in the chat, but nobody else can read it.
You need at least three one-star characters. When you start, you should use your gold to buy the two...
What are they? Black Widow and...
Hawkeye.
Hawkeye. Buy those.
The pair.
And you come with Iron Man, and those are your three basic first characters to start with.
They're really great, and you can level them up to 50 quicker than anybody else, so you gotta keep a hold of them.
Don't sell them and then have nothing.
I have to ask you, is Jessica Jones a character?
I don't know.
She's the only one I care about.
I haven't seen her in anybody's roster.
Yes, she is. I saw her. I saw Jessica Jones.
I love her.
Yes, she's in it. I'm almost positive I saw her.
Does she have the power of Stark?
I don't know, but I will say this, Robin, but I was playing through the story mode, and I got some basic hero unlock rewards, but here's the thing.
It threw me a three-star Thor level 15 as a reward.
You got the gold Thor, didn't you?
Yeah, I did.
Like, just on a whim. I beat a mission, and it's all, here's your regular unlock, and I used it, and it's like, here's a level 15 gold Thor, and I'm like, fuck yeah.
That's a really good one, because a lot of missions need Thor. The modern Thor, not the older Thor.
Yeah, it's modern Thor. Okay, not only do I have modern Thor, I somehow have classic Storm and modern Storm.
Oh, yeah, I do too. Those are easy to come by, because they show up in the later missions.
Oh, okay.
So, classic Storm is harder to get, because she's like two stars or something.
Yeah, yeah.
The only other advice I'd give right now, other than if you're playing free, save your money for slots.
You know, save your hero gold for slots, and it completely went out of my head already.
Oh, I hate being old.
That's okay. That's okay, me too.
Live makes it even worse, too.
But, Rababa, what is it that you say that keeps you playing this game, that you like so much about it that you want to throw money at it?
Well, I like, um, I love seeing all the covers, and I know that makes me kind of an art whore, but I like it.
Nothing wrong with that. There's one here in studio, too.
Yeah, and the, like, for example, Hawkeye, he has an ability that really matches his character.
He can pick a gem and turn it into a, what do they call that, a wild card?
A critical hit, I think is what they call it, and that's like him taking, basically, a perfect shot, and he can also kill out an entire row, which is fantastic.
Yes, I've used that.
Later on, you'll fight robots that kind of do sort of a fan, they break out a whole ton of your gems, and they kill you fast.
Oh, yeah, I remembered the other tip. You got five health per day, well, you have five health maximum unless you find more.
Use, if you're not trying to hold onto the extras over five, just use your five every day, because you'll get them back by the next day.
Well, that's good to know.
Yeah, they recharge every 35 minutes, I think.
Wow.
You can play a lot for free. That's my biggest push.
Marvel Puzzle Quest is on Steam, and it's also on iPad, and all that good stuff.
Is it on iPad?
Don't.
Oh, yeah, I'm playing on the phone. What am I talking about?
Yeah, if you can play it on the phone, you can play it on the iPad, too. There you go.
I knocked one of my characters off the Alliance just for you, because I was double dipping.
Well, I appreciate it making way for me. I hope I will contribute and not get yelled at by the others, but I'm trying to check in at least once a day.
I even played some of the mission stuff today. It's not that bad, because they give you level 40 characters to help you get through some of those missions, so it's nice.
Yeah, that was daunting at first until I tried it, and then I was like, oh, well, I can do this.
Yeah, because it's a hard difficulty. I'm like, oh, that sounds scary, but then I played it, and I'm like, oh, this isn't that bad.
If you win one mission, you'll get a bonus, even if you're in the top 10,000. It's great.
Dark Soccer has suckered in. Good job. You recruited another one.
Yay, off to buy a new slot.
Alright, well, Rababa, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but take care. Always good to hear from you.
Alright, I'll talk to you later.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright, let's see if we can squeeze in one more call before the night's over.
1-877-GAMO-LR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. I do have some tweets I want to get to, but Loki, I'll check on you one more time and see if you had anything.
A couple things. One, I just updated our Minecraft server so that it has a newer version on it, so it's now running 1-7-9.
I think it was like 1-7-2 before, so there should be some new features there, and it also changed all the different file formats, so I probably have to fix all of the plugins.
Why I make myself work, I don't know.
Alright, let me go to the phones because we've got another call. It is lighting up tonight, guys.
1-877-GAMO-LR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, but we do have a call. Here it is.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's the Residential Cosplay Convention Horonima.
Oh, God, where'd you go this time?
Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
I do not want to hear about what most folks did.
So, tell us about the con.
I didn't call to talk about the con, but I just wanted to cover a couple things real quick, and I'll be on my merry little way.
I just wanted to address something that you said on Facebook or Twitter. I don't remember where it was.
I didn't know about the whole E.T. thing, because remember, when you're at a con, it's like a three-day expedition.
You pretty much cut out from the outside world unless you have social media, and even in the hotels, cellular services and all that good, which is why I tagged you, because I didn't know.
So, I remember you said something along the lines of, that's great, where's my movie?
I want you to know that Anime Jam Session is joining forces with some other podcasts on the VOG Network.
We're going to get together a Kickstarter. We're going to raise funds for the Rob Roberts story.
Me and my cook, John, we've already decided the main cast. We're going to cast for you Leonardo DiCaprio.
Oh, okay, so he cannot win an Oscar again, sure.
But your movie will get Best Picture now.
Oh, okay, yeah, of course. It'll win all the other awards, but Leo won't get anything.
For Jamie Summers, we cast Sarah Silverman.
I like that one. That's good.
For Matt, we went with Robert Downey Jr.
I was going to say you could even do Zach Galifianakis. I mean, that's...
That's a good one. Who'd you get to play Allen? Who am I shacking up with?
Neil Patrick Harris.
Okay, that works. I like that. You liked Allen.
Hey, I want Neil Patrick Harris to play me. Screw that.
Oh, Allen says, could you get Zachary Quineau?
We probably could. I don't see why not.
All right, all right. Oh, Neil Patrick Harris just got fired from the Rob Roberts story.
Who does that? Who fires Neil Patrick Harris?
I would just love...
Apparently, Allen does.
I'd just love to play laser tag with that guy. I mean, that would be fun.
It would be fun. Oh, my gosh.
Assuming that he's... He probably doesn't like his character, but...
What happens in the Rob Roberts story?
It's a story of triumph and coming over as a young little boy who sees who he is
and he goes on to start a podcast which soon becomes like the biggest thing in the whole wide world.
You end up dying a multi-millionaire, something like that.
Yeah, you're kind of sort of like the... I would say like the gay equivalent to Warren Buffet, you know?
Rama, who would play you?
Who else? Samuel L. Jackson.
And if you listen to my podcast enough, my rant is quite understandable.
I just want to see Samuel L. Jackson as black Luigi. Like, the movie would make millions on that alone.
I'm a Luigi, motherfucker!
Exactly!
Say Mamma Mia! Say Mamma Mia! One more goddamn time!
I love it. This is my seal of approval. Oh, wait, wait, wait. I have a really important question.
Who plays Travis Donovan?
I was thinking Michael J. Fox.
Michael J. Fox.
I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. But can we get Wilford Brimley, the diabetes guy?
Sure. Who would he play, though?
Travis.
Oh, God. Well, they're both crotchety little... Oh, wait, I shouldn't be playing that.
Whoops. Sorry.
I'm Queen Amidala.
And right now, somewhere in clean Texas, Travis's hair flips to the other side. He goes, I sense a disturbance in the force.
Oh, this has been such a good conversation, Rama. Thank you so much.
I just realized my mic was off.
Oh, that's alright. Alright.
Not alright!
Oh, Rama, I love you. Thank you for the laughs, my friend.
You're welcome.
Was there anything else you want to talk about tonight real quick?
I have something for the VOG Network.
Was it Zeke Icon?
They had a well-known legendary voice actor at the convention.
Now, let me ask you this. Do you remember watching the Disney Afternoon as a child?
Yeah. Sometimes.
Alright, then I'm going to play this voice clip. Let's see if you know it. Here we go.
Hi, this is Jim Cummings, and you are participating with the voice of Geeks Network, VOG.com.
Or is it VOGnetwork.com?
Carry on.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Cool. I don't know what I'm doing.
Oh, my God, that's great. No, I don't recognize the voice. Who was that?
Jim Cummings, known as Winnie the Pooh.
Oh!
Oh, my God. No, I don't recognize the name.
Darkwing Duck. Hello, Rob.
He was also Pete from Goof Troop, and he also did various voices in Kingdom Hearts.
Oh, wow.
Bonkers the Bobcat.
That's great.
And I think he was also one of the Gummy Bears as well.
I can't believe you got that. That's amazing.
I'm sure he was.
Awesome. Awesome.
Alright, Rama. Well, we've got to wrap things up, but before I let you go, who's playing Bobby Black Wolf?
Jack Black.
Jack Black. Alright. I like that.
You know what would also be a good candidate would be Bill O'Reilly, because he's always wrong.
No. No.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
No. No. I personally have an issue with Bill O'Reilly.
Alright. No. No, I'm kidding. We love Bobby, but I got to give him shit once in a while.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, take care, bro.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
I love it.
Alright, if you didn't get through tonight, I'm very sorry, but we are going to wrap things up, because we're well after 9 o'clock here on the West Coast.
So, send us an email. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can send an email for us to read in a future week.
I want to see if I can get to the tweets real fast here, because, of course, you can tweet us at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And I did see some things come in, so I'm trying to get those up real quick.
And, let's see. Captain Spike must be listening, because he says, because of O-L-R, I am downloading Marvel Puzzle Quest for PC right now.
Thanks, Rob. I was going to actually say, you want to thank Rababa, because he got me into it, now he's got Jamie, and now Captain Spike.
Tigerclaw sends us a few tweets. Mario Kart 8 best buy pre-order comes with a $10 coupon for real gas.
Well, we can all use that. That's for damn sure. So, thank you. That's a great tie-in. I love that.
And, also, apparently, Microsoft's Siri response, Cortana, doesn't talk to kids.
So, just, Cortana's...
Cortana's stupid.
Well, it might be. If it's an option that can be turned on or off...
Yeah, I hope it's like a parental feature and not just, oh, well, your voice sounds like a kid, because that's going to be all sorts of fucked up, you know.
They're tying it into the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, COPPA, which ensures that children under the age of 13 can't share information online.
So, why would a search thing share information online? Microsoft?
I don't know. Alright. That is about going to wrap us up for another O-L-R, because you said you didn't have any...
Resident Evil 6 is getting, well, they're making a sixth Resident Evil movie.
Oh, hooray! Is it going to star Mila Jovovich again?
Is it going to be directed by her husband?
Yeah.
Well, hey, those movies still make money.
I've been catching up, see, that's the thing, with Danny, I've done some out of Archer episodes now, I've been catching up on movies I've missed at the theaters.
Not really good movies, but in some older movies. I watched The Fifth Element the other day, and then I also watched G.I. Joe, the second G.I. Joe movie, because I wanted to see the first one.
I'm glad I didn't go to the theater to see the second one, because it wasn't very good.
Oh, the remake of Red Dawn, which I actually liked. That was pretty cool.
But, yeah, so I'm trying to catch up stuff. Someone just mentioned Code Monkeys earlier in the show, and I think that's on Netflix, so I kind of want to binge on that, because I watched a little bit when it was on G4, but I never really saw the whole series, and it was pretty funny.
Alright.
Alright, well, we are running a little long tonight, so we do want to go ahead and wrap things up and get on out of here for the night.
Thank you guys, as always, for listening to the show and for supporting independent radio. If you like what you heard here, please tell a friend or five about the show. Help us spread the word.
A nice review on iTunes or on Stitcher goes a very long way. Thank you guys all for your support. I don't know if you guys know, but we're actually right now a top 20 games and hobbies show.
That means not just video games, but all games and hobbies. We're a top 20 show on Stitcher. Can you believe that? That's awesome, and that's all because of you guys and helping to spread the word about the show.
So appreciate you guys. So that's all we ask. We don't ask for your money or anything, although Jamie wouldn't mind a gift card or two.
Anyhow, that is going to wrap it up for tonight, but before we get on out of here, let's get everybody's final thought tonight.
My final thought for tonight will be, Alan's home early and he's making dinner. Yay, I'm so lucky. That's my final thought.
What a good house husband.
He's doing great. He's working too, so he's just a great guy.
Yeah.
Alright, Dark Soccer, since you have your mic up, what's your final thought tonight?
I finally lost internet completely, even in chat, so to everybody that I have been chatting with, oops.
Oops.
And I did a special fortune cookie.
We'll see what we can do about the router thing because I do have that extra thing that Jason sent and so we might put a relay in the house somewhere that will help.
So we'll see if it'll help.
Lastly, but not leastly, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Hopefully I get some more coding this week done and hopefully something that actually I can show being done, although I don't think, it might work on the GUI at some point soon.
I don't know. We'll see.
Alright.
Coding, coding, coding. Maybe we'll play a game. I do need to finish South Park and I know it's a short game, so maybe I'll do that.
Alright. Well, here's to 550 episodes, everybody, and we'll see you for 550 more.
See you next week, everybody. Have a great night.
See you next week.
See you next time.
