Wait until you see now
Though I
are tired of of
The envisioning it
Iahaka
Does
That
Not
Ready
Here
I
He
Look
Oh
I've been so nice to you, you are with me now
Yes, it's true, I love you so much
Baby, I'll never be able to get up on you
So never say goodbye and get me once again
Kiki-chan machi wa ae kau de wo suge
Ariku, shige kurimiki mo sanate
Arisu no shigito mibashi ikau ri kutte kau
Morikuru, kokoro wa ae yatsu re nai
Mii da leka ae iri nagasare
Omae wa tsubete wo kurushi na ata
Karo natsubura ala nuta ala karide
Omae no kou kou no no asite ala oka
You can't do this alone
Ash, you can't do this alone
You can't do this alone
Get it, get it, for your love
You don't have to hit me
Hey!
Get yourself off
Hey!
You know you have a plan
Hey!
So get away from here
Cause you're easy to lose
So get away from here
You're not easy to lose
Hey!
Cause you're easy to lose
So get away from here
I can't lose you, baby
Can't go wrong for yourself
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode,
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 134 for this March 6, 2005.
You're tuned into the B-Money scene's most sickly radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts who are getting wired up for sound currently
as we speak.
I have to find the long microphone. I can't tell which one's which.
It's all good. We're kind of getting prepared at the last minute, as usual.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers. You know her better as Dark Sakura.
Hi.
Hello, and just so you guys know, Dark Sakura's a little...
I have a respiratory virus, thank you.
Yeah, so she's kind of...
Leave it to yourself.
It's the same crap I had two weeks ago. I just decided to, you know, reinstate itself.
It's like, hi, I'm still here, and I'm gonna settle in your lungs and make you really short of breath.
All the time.
So if you wonder why Jamie's a little kind of...
Why I sound like I'm 80?
Hello, dearies! Your little dears bite my ass.
Damn those kids!
I'll get you if you're a little dog too.
Just know that she's being a good sport by showing up in the face of infection tonight.
And she may very well barf up a lung.
And if that happens...
No, but I've been copying up plenty of lung cookies, thank you.
If that happens, you can catch it live on our webcam at OrangeLunchRadio.com.
I'll mail it to you.
Maybe we could give it away a surprise tonight.
When a little piece of Orange Lounge Radio.
Free lung cookie with every tune in.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi. Hi.
And not coughing up lung cookies tonight. No, I'm hungry
and my, the dishes just got washed
so I gotta cook more rice.
So maybe you might be baking cookies later for food, I don't know.
no cooking right okay they're not cooking I want cookies I'm sorry cookies
weren't on the agenda damn well actually no I have Girl Scout cookies so all is
well girl scout cookies are fucking evil okay I could not even evil Oh Girl
Scouts are not evil they are too they fucking harass me when I try to go shop
for groceries. We want your money! For really shitty cookies! Gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme!
I'm just like, stay away bitch! I will hurt you!
I have an entire box of Samoas locked in my drawer at work. And they will be consumed
on my next cheat day, the entire box. I don't think I'm going to let that go.
I've already torn through about half a box today, so I'm quite proud of myself.
I want a cookie! Okay, I can get you a cookie.
I've had few enough carbs today that I can afford a cookie.
a cookie
girl scout scouts are not even made the parents of girl scouts
people i've got
i think approximately about four and a half pounds of gummy bears left
thirty that is a big aspect
bag of
coming there's one time i left them in my car and the whole thing melted like
the bottom half
that was cool because it was like eating gummy
like giant gummy i don't know it was a coming up there
a gummy breast implant or something.
Wouldn't it be great if they actually made breast implants out of gummy material?
No.
Although they would smell nice and fruity.
Let's finish up the intros here so we can get to a break here and then start the real show.
Also joining us, say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello, geez, see?
I missed one week and I missed comments like that.
The gummy implant free, DDR Angel, by the way.
Indeed.
Alright, so we've got an interesting show for you guys tonight.
It's gonna be interesting because all the news this week has nothing to do with DDR.
So, it should be interesting.
I'm sure I'll dig up something.
Yeah, we'll find something, but...
There was a, you know what's funny too, is there was a lot of news, like, after the show
Sunday night and Monday, and, so, it almost seems like old news now, but for those of
you guys that...
You know what the greatest news, though, that I've heard all week?
What?
Ultron got served.
All this and more when we come back from this break, featuring some, eh, Beatmania songs.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio.
Join us in the chat room. www.orangelandtrader.com. Click on chat. We'll be back.
And I don't have a choice
Why do you think that I need to be your sweet little boy?
I've never fallen on the radio
And thought you'd have to sing it for you
But if you fall on the radio
You will feel the magic too
Operator, operator
You took the answers, I never asked the answer for mine
Operator, operator
Did you see us?
This time we're gonna only be fine
Operator, operator
Did you see us?
This time we're gonna only be fine
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Tonight's gonna be a very interesting show because Jamie's got her infection that, you know, has, makes her have the grandma voice right now. And I'm very, very sore today. It's a long story, maybe I'll get into it during How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, so I'm just feeling, like, really out of it. Like, and I didn't sleep in my own bed last night and stop what you're thinkin', perv it, perv it, perv it, perv it, perv it.
what you're thinking perverts it wasn't anything like that I was out of town
last night so I was staying at a friend's house but and you know that
just like weird feeling you have like when you come back the next day and you
weren't sleeping in your own bed the night before it's like you were
traveling it's like having that travel thing just kind of like exhaust you
that's what I'm feeling today travel sick I guess but I'm not really sick I'm
just sore oh boy I'm really not I'm really not making myself sound good I'm
talking about how sore I am and how I didn't stay in my own bed last night. Wow. Anyway,
let's start off tonight's show, so we start off every night's show talking a little bit
about how was your week, how was your day, and we'll start it off with the lovely, although
sickly this evening, Dark Sagro. I went to work, I went to school, I went home, and that's
about it I really didn't do shit except um Friday I started hacking up my lungs
Saturday went to this stupid Kaiser doctor who only saw me for 10 minutes
and then hung out with iguana girl and Islander all day yesterday watching
wrestling dvds and fit tv all day there's a fit tv channel now yes that's kind of neat
i'm watching a show about the navy seals training oh i have no excuse to ever skip the gym again
no excuse why is that you've seen the shit they do during their hell week oh my god
i've i've heard stories but you know i've never being having to tread water for 15 minutes in
in your underwear in really cold water. That's hot. And then having to do sit-ups in cold
water, and then lifting logs, and lifting boats. What rolls downstairs tops over in
pairs, runs over your neighbor's house. It was pretty vicious. And then only getting
two meals a day. And then having it be MREs at that. And having to get up early. Ugh.
to bed around, what was it, 11? Getting up to 4.30 in the morning?
Oh, horrible. The horrible part of eating the MREs. They're not always yummy.
From what I hear. So, anything else in your TV watching excitement adventures?
No. I want someone to come to my house though and give me a nautilus. That was really cool.
I just came in and there's a show called House Calls. They go in and give this guy all this equipment and teach him how to work out and then leave.
It's like, hey, come in my house and give me some extra equipment. I'll take that for free.
Where would you put that? Behind the main cabinet?
I'll find somewhere.
And then...
Mama Chiltz. She's coughing on my lungs.
Okay, well I hope you feel better.
I hope I do too, thank you.
Alright.
Uh, Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Um...
My week had much less coughing. Um...
I...
What did I do this week?
Not much. I played The Law of Final Fantasy. I watched Robot Chicken again, because it's hilarious.
And then, um...
I did not think the second week of Robot Chicken was nearly as funny as the first.
It wasn't as funny as the... I gotta get... I gotta watch the third episode to kinda get a feel for, like, you know,
whether that was just a bad episode, or whether the first one was a really good episode.
episode yeah the first one was really really good to hook us all in and now
the rest of it's gonna suck it wasn't awful but it wasn't hilarious I had its
moment at least it's not like what was an American dad where the first episode
sucked yes I'm all looking good I'll take the new episode the family guy and
that's it so yeah I've basically been doing that I've got the movie Appleseed
and I watched the whole thing for that and that's really awesome and now work
I'm sort of playing brand manager for pioneer to try to get this I'm trying to
get them to give me a thousand dollars to screen the movie at our theater at
work because that's how much it's gonna cost for pizzas hello give me money give
me a thousand dollars okay yeah I don't know if that's gonna fly but you know
I'm trying to help them out you know and they're gonna want to sell this movie
and get people to come and see the screen they're gonna have to have food
so and it's not cheap to feed 170 people for those that don't know what apple
seeds all about because gasps not everyone watches anime what what is that
Apple Seed is a fully CG anime movie that's all motion-captured, so it's really cool-looking.
And it's playing in the Bay Area.
So, I got to finally finish watching that today, and it was really neat.
I've never actually watched the original anime, so I couldn't really say, you know, how different it was.
then yesterday we went myself and my fiancee Nellie went and looked for
apartments because our lease is up here pretty soon and we about seven weeks
left in this studio and we have one and we found it we're moving in on the 16th
of April oh wow so just because they can't hold that off any longer but
that's cool because they get the move in over the course of like a week or so so
that's cool I'll save me some time and so yeah we've already got that taken
care of and that's gonna be interesting and then what else did I do
they didn't get the big bag of gummy bears not too much I've been feeling
really lazy recently my headaches have been coming back and I think that's
because of allergies so it took some day cool both today and yesterday and now
feeling good but uh I don't know oh I actually played um some games I played
um alien vs. predator on my main cabinet and played all the way through on Sunday
night so I've actually used the main cabinet for something and yeah that's
pretty much it
I did play something else. Lots and lots of Tekken 5.
The game is infuriatingly hard on easy mode.
It is pretty challenging on easy mode even.
But the endings are hilarious.
And I suck at fighting games, so I've only beaten it with two characters so far.
I forgot, I was going to bring it from my memory card to give you the endings, because I've got almost all of them.
the other thing I forgot I got a registered for e3 and I'm also applying
for games game sales position at our company which I'll probably get because
I know the most about games there but I'm sure they're gonna try to fuck with
me because you know just for some reason I I don't trust this guy that's heading
the department I mean he's okay but he's been known to like you know fuck with
people for like you know ride your ass on stupid things so I don't know we'll
see it I should get it but they're gonna probably try to pull that oh well you
don't have enough experience bullshit I've been the company for five years how
much fucking experience do I need oh but yet they'll hire someone out of the
company you know instantly into the sales position can't wait to hear about
that drama yeah so if I don't get that I'm gonna fucking leave that place
because there's no point my position where I'm at right now is gonna be
be obsolete pretty soon. So, you know, if they're not going to give me a games position,
seeing as I'm the most qualified, the other people that are applying don't know shit about
games, they just have console systems at home, so that makes them gamers. And so, you know,
it's really retarded, but whatever, you know. So we'll see how that comes down. I'm sure
you'll hear more about that next week. They're supposed to be doing the interviews this week.
I have already had an informal interview with them because I was asking them about, you
using the theater for that screen, and so I've already talked to him about it. So he
knows I know games, and he wants kinda me to focus more on the sales aspect. Like, he's
like, well you know, some of the games you might have to sell, you may personally not
like. I'm like, no shit. Really? Oh my god, so there's games-
Wait, wait, wait, there's bad video games out there?
No, there's games that I don't like that maybe sell? Really?
Like, I don't know, Madden anything? Exactly, I'm like, oh, you know, basically
So I'm like, yeah, I know that.
Madden fucking sells itself, though.
Or anything Xbox, in your case.
But after he told me that, you know, it's kind of like he repeated it to reinforce it.
And I'm like, yeah, I understand that there's games I'm not gonna like that I have to sell to someone.
That's not a problem.
You know, it's just...
It's like they think that, oh, you know, I'm so, you know, narrow in my perspective on, you know, game sales or something.
but whatever I'm I'll probably get it if I do get it it'll be decent money not
gonna say good money because there's no such thing as good money at this company
unless you know your manager but better money better money yes that's good I
want to go back to Tekken 5 for a minute because I haven't gotten any hilarious
endings the endings I got I've only beat it with Julia cuz I rock with Julia and
her ending was kind of like cute I guess it was like oh yeah that's I dropped the
the castle.
No, no.
Spoiler alert, um, but seriously, if like fighting game storylines are spoilers to you,
then, like, you know, fighting game storylines really aren't that much.
Like if we were going to tell you that, like, in Final Fantasy VII, Aris dies, then that
might be- Oh my god!
I did not see that coming!
Oh my god!
Now that's a spoiler.
You just totally spoiled that game.
I did.
You have no idea how much I cheered, because I hated that bitch.
I have my game saved at the battle, the Jenova battle, right before she dies, so that I can
watch it anytime I want to, because my party is so severely overpowered at that point.
And I can watch the bitch die over.
You should go home and watch it tonight.
Maybe you'll feel a little better.
And in Mario, the princess is in another castle.
She's always in another fucking castle.
You'd think he would ask for directions before rescuing the princess.
They have these things on Lake Sang, I think I saw them, or Japan Video Games, one of them.
They have, do you know how you get the little boxes that have a secret something in it of
a theme?
Uh huh.
They have bugs in your apartment.
Great, another thing wrong with this place, good thing we're leaving soon.
Well I know the government's been watching us, but I wasn't sure about that.
They have Mario scene ones now, and one of them is our princesses in another castle.
And then there's like the fireball one, and there's the coin box one, and all kinds of
stuff.
Mario's a great game.
So what are the funny endings in Tekken 5, because I haven't gotten them yet.
I heard Lee was funny.
Kuma and Panda are just hilarious.
If you're playing as Panda, Kuma comes up and says, take these flowers, be my wife.
I don't know if anyone has ever played Street Fighter Alpha 3 but Blanca's ending is with
Dan and Blanca growl growl growl, oh it's my good friend Dan, well that's what they
do with Kuma and Panda, and Roger Jr.
Yes, the kangaroo is back.
He was the first character I unlocked, yeah.
Devil Jin is like, whoo, his ending is really evil.
My favorite ending is Asuka's ending, because Jin's laying on the ground, all unconscious, beaten up to death, and she tries to wake him up, and then he jumps up, suddenly awake, and falls on her with his face in her boobs.
And she punches him across the screen.
It'd be funnier if it was all chibi-fied when they did it.
Because the movies in Tekken 5 are actually really well done.
They're really nice looking and the music's very nice and everything.
The wrong answer speaks Korean.
Yeah.
And they didn't all speak English.
They all speak native languages and subtitle.
So I thought that's pretty cool.
I did like the thing with Julia and Ganryu.
Because if ever...
See, I'm a big Tekken fan.
And if ever you follow the story, Ganryu had a thing for her mom.
So, he's going, Julia-chan!
she's like what are you talking about when they fight each other yeah it's
pretty funny I like that I need to beat it with Anna though cuz Anna's my
favorite she's so my favorite ending speed it with Anna first and then beat
it with Nina wasn't there like an old guy in that or something when you're
fighting him he's like nice boobs or something yeah there's an old guy that's
I don't remember who's the old guy long jean-rae long jean-rae and when you
fight with I think Zayu if you fight yeah if you fight him with her then he
makes that comment. Zayu's ending is of course animated like it was in Tekken 3
right I have yet to go back and play Tekken 1 2 3 in it too bad they don't
have Gon in this one again I know cuz it was all about playing Tekken force with
Gon and of course the Gon ending which is just like reading one of the manga
The gomanga is funny.
that I saw. A lot of them were funny. The Paul Phoenix one was funny. He's in his dojo
and there's a big sign on there. It says aliens come here to be beaten up or something. Because
he's saying that he's the strongest man in the universe and he can beat up aliens too.
So he's all punching through a wall with an alien picture on it, like his old ending with
Kuma on it. And then you see the space station, you know there's the space station level.
then you see outside all these alien ships coming and his his voice playing
over their loudspeakers I think I've seen that one that one was funny and
then the one with martial law where he just gets done paying off all of his
debt and then Paul comes up with the bill for his bicycle you know his
bicycle is a motorcycle that was funny I love Tekken so much Tekken is pretty
cool. I'm very happy with 5. I've always been the Namco fangirl. I know, I know. I'm hoping in the next Tekken,
because you know there's gonna be a Tekken 6, I'm hoping that the little
prince from Katamari Damacy will cross over into it. That would be great. And
roll everybody over. All right. You know there was somebody else though that I
thought would be funny and I had it in my head a moment ago and I forgot. Well
if you think of it, just say so. Alright, meanwhile, we're gonna move on to Angel. Angel,
how was your week? How was your day? Uh, well, let's see, uh, school on Tuesday and Thursday,
and I had posted earlier in the week that I lost my PS2 memory card, and I couldn't
find it, and forgot to post that I did find it, so, yay, I can play my games again! Woohoo!
uh...
uh... nothing else
pretty much except i had to reinstall
operating systems yay no just kidding cuz now i have to reinstall
final fantasy 11 and take three hours of my life
not really cuz i can
do something else for that installing and stuff
i hate that update though it's so
yuck
uh... other than that all my other games are installed
You know, this is the last one, so... yuck.
Other than that, not much.
Hoping to go to a
certain convention here in a couple weeks. We'll see.
That should be fun. We'll see.
Like I said. Other than that,
nothing much.
I'm boring this week.
That's alright. This show kind of has a downer vibe to it tonight.
Oh wait, yeah, well actually there's actually an uppity part of my week in which I forgot.
I started DJing again!
You wanna give that a plug?
So you're DJing somewhere else?
You're DJing for our competing radio station?
Fired!
No, it's cool.
Give us a plug.
Give it a plug.
www.rushourradio.com.
Tomorrow at 11 AM to 1.
I'll be on Pacific time, so if you guys wanna tune in, whatever, you know, I'll be there,
So yeah.
Very cool.
All right, let's see, my week and my day.
Like I said, last night I was not here at home
because I went to my old college town, which is a couple
hours north of here, Chico, California,
for those who may have heard of it because it's
kind of a legendary party school.
That's where I went to college.
And we went out to like four different bars last night.
We just went like, we went fucking bar hopping, OK?
We literally like just went from bar to bar.
And I remembered why people go to Chico to party
because a little glass of beer that would cost me, like,
$4 at one of our bars here.
Like, a glass of, what, a pint of Newcastle, OK,
cost, like, $4 at a local bar here, $1.50 in Chico.
It's crazy.
So very happy about that.
And just, you know, I had good times with some friends
out there and just, you know, danced and drank and stuff
and had crammed, like, 13 people into a Motel 6 room.
Good times.
But then I slept, some of us, instead of sleeping in Motel 6, we went to this one girl's house,
met this awesome girl up in Chico, she's awesome, she's young, she's just fun, she's great to
be around.
And she's got her own apartment and she had us all over there, a few of us, like four
of us over there, and I ended up sleeping on the fold-out couch thing.
But the thing is, is that those fold-out couches, I don't know if you've ever slept on one,
the couches that fold out into a bed, but the mattresses on them are very weak because,
know it's got a cram back into the couch they're not very strong and they get all
bent out of shape and I kind of my body slept like right on the pole kind of
thing like into the poles that hold it all together and I woke up this morning
just so sore I don't know like I swear to God I feel like the princess and the
pea like you know how in the princess of the pea they the the evil queen or
something puts one pea under 20 mattresses and she wakes up she's like
I'm so sore. I feel something on my back all night long. That's me. I was the
prince in the pole. That was my story, so that was no fun at all. But okay, I want
to tell an interesting story that I thought would be interesting. Something
I don't get into political issues very often, but I had to say this. Okay, I was
out at one of the bars yesterday, and we were at this place called Joe's, which is
a little pub type place. It's kind of got a pub atmosphere, and they've got sawdust
all over the floor which I think is really funny because it's like walking
into a barn it kind of smells like a barn and my friend says that's to pick
up the vomit really easy which kind of makes sense you know sawdust that's why
I think I think that's hilarious so there sawdust all over the ground and we
were walking through the bar to get to the outside area so we could all take a
huge table outside and there was this guy who was wearing a frat shirt and it
had the big Greek letters on it right is fracture and then underneath it it said
against gay frats. And I was just like,
what's your problem?
What do you care if a gay frat starts up?
Are you afraid they're going to, you know,
come attack you and set your house... Are you afraid that the sorority girls might
go to their parties because they'll have more fun
and they won't get raped at those parties? They're talking about gay people. It's not like the
Jehovah's Witness or something where they just like,
Hello? Hello? Hello?
Knocking on your door. You want to convert?
Because if you don't, we keep buggering you over and over.
Are you afraid the gay fraternity is going to have a prettier house than you?
That smells clean?
I stayed at a gay frat house before.
Yeah?
It was fun.
So I'm assuming that the reason for this is that there must be a gay frat starting in Chico or something.
Well, there is a national one that has chapters at schools all over.
must be trying to start one at Chico or something but all the people all the
guys up there like we're against gay frats okay are you worried they're gonna
be competition in sports or something cuz they won't this is just so like the
80s you know where it was the revenge of the nerds now it's revenge of the gays
it's seriously you know jocks have always been against one you know
minority of people you know whether it be you know nerds or I don't know gays
or like you know even going further back blacks I mean it's just you know that's
what frats do it's like they get drunk they're like okay now we have to be a
you know an activist at something we have to make ourselves feel better by
making fun of somebody a group of people so that we can feel more masculine and
That way we can, you know, dignify ourselves for being stupid and not getting anywhere in life.
Yeah.
Okay, another story, there was a fraternity up there in Chico, you might have heard this in the news,
but they made some guy as part of, like, a hazing ritual swallow, like, five gallons of water,
and the guy fucking drowned from drinking so much water, like, they forced him to drink all this water.
He fucking died from it, right?
That would never happen in a gay fraternity. The only thing you get drown in is love
It's just I
Don't know. I just I as somebody who's gay as you may have heard. I don't know
I just felt like I was kind of offended by it
Not that I'm interested in joining a fraternity and I could care less about fraternities
But I'm just kind of like why does it concern you so much if this person over here in this house wants to have a bunch
gay people over and have fun and start a, you know, gay fraternity. It's not like one
big orgy, it's just guys who are gay and, you know, who cares? They're very, from what
I understand, they're actually pretty similar to straight fraternities just without all
the, you know, bullshit. So, but I think what was really funny is we all went back there
and we just started bitching and we were talking about what an idiot the guy must be, like
like 13 of us. Girls and guys, straight, gay, everything. Just an eclectic group of people,
right? Just sitting around like how stupid this guy was. In fact, I called this one girl
the ringleader of Algada because she was talking about how, you know, she wanted to go like
firebomb their house and stuff. And I think what happened is that the guy sitting at the
table across from us was in that same fraternity because I saw the two of them talking later
on in the evening and like they looked at us weird when we left. And I was just kind
like, eh, whatever. That's what you get. So anyway, that was my little rant.
You know what? Hating is stupid. I hate people that hate.
I hate them too. I have no tolerance for intolerance.
Yeah, damn them. We need to ostracize them from our society.
We should not allow them to get married. Yeah. They need to be neutered.
Because that just encourages reproduction.
I really do think that there needs to be a breeding test.
A standardized test for parents, you know, for potential parents.
And if you fail...
Tide!
Yeah, which one of these, okay, which one of these would not make a good bed for your
baby?
A. Crib.
B. Um...
Baffinette.
I don't know.
Baffinette.
I don't know bassinet see Tupperware container
Seriously have you ever seen the back of one of those Tupperware storage things like the huge ones that you're supposed to put your clothes
In you look at the back, and it has a little not because I've seen it
Yes
And it has a little do-nots in the back and one of them has a do-not and it has a little picture of a baby
in the Tupperware container
Who in the hell is stupid enough to, and you know they only put that on there because somebody did it.
If you're putting your baby in a Tupperware container, and even worse, okay,
maybe I can see somebody like putting a baby in a Tupperware container just for a little bit so they don't get into things,
but putting the lid on it?
Dude, this is all the Japanese fault, and I can tell you why, okay? I'm gonna get into this.
saw a video last night now don't ask me why I'm browsing strange fetish videos
for Japanese whatever it's on that super zooey because you got all the weird shit
on there anyways they have a fetish thing where they actually vacuum seal
people inside those storage bags women and they just leave them there like as
they suck all the air out and I'm like that's weird but it's people like that
that's why they have to put these things on here. Don't vacuum seal your kids. That will not keep them fresh.
I just, I don't know. I weep for the future. I really do.
Anyway, what else did I do this week? I've been taking a hiatus from Final Fantasy XI this week. I'm on vacation from Vanadil.
So I've been playing other games, like Final Fantasy II. I've been going back and playing that.
Well, I'm actually doing pretty well at Final Fantasy II, and it's actually a pretty neat game.
It's all about Final Fantasy III.
Which is the one game they need to release here, dammit.
And they're supposed to do it on the DS later.
Final Fantasy III was the job change game.
Yeah, that was the first job change.
I did not-
And it was pretty cool.
However, I did not realize that Chocobo was actually first appeared in Final Fantasy II.
I thought they did not make an appearance until III.
Nope, it was II.
And by the way, we're talking Japanese numbers here, not the Americanized II and III.
I still think that Final Fantasy V was the best of all of them.
It's it's okay. My favorite is still for because it's all about but
sorry, I
Love how
Some names are cuz they didn't in Japanese it would be like Batsu like that
but if you try to romanize it it would be but and
And the copy that I had that was translated, I had it done, because I first tried to play it in Japanese, and I got decently through it.
The second one I had that was translated ROM.
Yeah, there was that huge, like it was, this was, because Final Fantasy V was like the first fully translated Japanese ROM that hit the internet.
It was huge. I even played that. I remember that. That's when I first really played Final Fantasy V.
And I understood why they didn't release it in the United States, because it was too complicated for the audience at the time, I think.
I think dumb Americans basically I mean what step up but now oh no big deal now
But I also the nosh actually the big ROM to me the one that caused the biggest sir
Was when they did Seiken Densetsu 3?
Which was the one after Secret of Mana over here?
That was that was huge too because the first Seiken Densetsu was brought in the u.s. Is the final fantasy adventure, right?
But that was and they had gone so far as to translate the graphics
like street signs and things.
That's cool. You know what though, I gotta be honest, Second Dense to a Three is
one that I didn't really get into. I was probably more into,
sad enough, I was more into Secret of Evermore
probably that I was into that. I was just happy to find a ROM of
panorama cotton, which, for anyone who is a big
video game nerd like me, panorama cotton, they only made like
600 copies of. And I actually have a friend who owns one.
And I have actually the one after that on Dreamcast, Rainbow Cotton.
The normal cotton games are about the little witch that throws up whenever she eats this one candy.
The wheel-o candy.
And they're normally a side-scrolling game.
It came out on Neo Geo Pocket, it came out on Super Nintendo back when.
PC Engine, which I have the one on PC Engine Duo.
duo. But this one was a behind the character one, sort of a third-person perspective, and
you were flying the whole time. It was pretty cool. But this was all done sort of... I know
Mode 7 was the Super Nintendo thing, but it reminded me a lot of that.
Heck yeah.
But it was really awesome. And they made like 600 copies of it and someone finally did a
a ROM of it.
I think one of these days I'm going to bring over the Dreamcast and Rainbow Cotton.
I want to see this, and you know, you've kind of been doing that lately where you're bringing
over games and just kind of making us look at them.
I could bring over Super Producers, it's basically like the precursor to the American Idol video
games, where you go pick out your little idol dresser up and teach her how to dance, although
I need an FAQ.
Do you have the music factory create your own video game?
No, I have the Marky Mark one.
Loki was asking, do you have the CNC music factory create your own music video game?
It's either the Marky Mark one I have or the Crisscross one.
I think I have the Crisscross one, actually.
And I have the CD plus G disc that has the Information Society songs on it.
Our chat room is complaining that we are depressing them tonight with our, like, just kind of
subdued chat tonight.
I apologize we can't be peppy every night.
Well, if I tried to be more energetic, I would cough a lung cookie all over the microphone
and it would be disgusting.
Yes.
Because microphones are not cheap.
Bring me food.
That's right.
I need a hot burrito.
All right.
That's crisscross with a K, not a C. I miss the bus.
Jamie may be sick, but she's not too sick to correct you if you, uh, get some...
Alright, uh, what we're gonna do, we're gonna go to a break. We're gonna come back from break. We're gonna talk about some
Bamani news going on this week.
And we're gonna start it off with an I Told You So!
Because there is a huge I Told You So! from Sunday, and this news is all over
the web. I'm sure you guys have heard this already, but
we told you so
last week.
We sure did, but what did we tell them?
we'll tell them after break all right we'll be back after this in this break
now you're gonna get something new so wake up hello wake up if we were putting
you to sleep there bring me some meat wake up because we're gonna do some
guitar freaks and drum mania V music this break okay and in this break we're
gonna hear some Tara we're gonna hear the brand new Tara song I thought maybe
we could hear the B for you next song as well and we're gonna start it off though
with some poo. Some Thomas Howard Lichtenstein as well. We gotta get him in there as well.
So Guitar Freak Strawmania V started off with a little bit of poo, we'll be back after this.
Don't you like the taste of gold?
The best
Self is the taste of my mouth
With a big smile
Please don't you
Shout to me
If you love
For them
We must be fast, we must be free We must be fast, we must be free
I only go down and come along
Take a round, and stretch it out
Run away, and get out of bed
I'm small, and you can't do nothing
I do it, I do it, I do it, I'm a mom
I'm a rock, I'm a rock, I'm a star
I'm a woman, I'm a star, yeah
So now that you're getting older, you've grown and I've got something to tell you
I'm talking to you now for what you've done
I know that you're gonna be this strong enough
You know I'm proud of you
You've got to finish what you've begun
But your new world is waiting for you
I know you can do it
Whatever you want, you will find a way
Cause living will be a mess till you can't believe it
I will be here now until this future needs it
Help us to see now, help us to see
But we can, we are gonna be free, yeah
We can't believe it
Under your fire we'll wake up, you're on fire
You'll be a man, yeah, yeah
You'll be a man, you'll be a man
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
No!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
With the exception of that last segment there, according to some of our listeners, bitches!
They don't like hearing about our weeks or days anymore, I don't think.
screw them you know we listen to their week no actually we don't do it but we
would we read a lot of their live journals and they we read whatever they
post in the orange lounge community although not a lot of people post there
but when they do we read it and you know you know that starting this week we
actually have the rice princess who you might know from outside the box she has
started the one up calm orange launch radio club does that mean I have to sign
up for that thing? If you want. I mean, you don't have to, but it's another... Ever since the... I've been kind of scared of those other sites now. Yeah, 1up.com is kind of cool. I like what they're doing. It's different. As far as the gaming sites go, I like it. You know, I give it a thumbs up. There are some things I think would make it better, but considering that the blogging aspects and the community aspect was not really what the site was built around, it was supposed to be like a game spot style site.
basically to complement the magazines that Ziff Davis puts out,
Electronic Gaming Monthly and stuff,
considering that that stuff was kind of more of an afterthought or
secondary, it's not that bad. But, you know,
it could benefit from better friends pages, things like that, you know.
But it's a neat site. I recommend it. Check it out. 1UP.com.
We will post the link
to the new Orange Laundrio Club. For those you guys that are
already on 1UP.com. We're not telling you you have to go sign up for it or any of that
stuff. You know, just if you want to join the club, it's there. And RicePrincess has
taken it upon herself to post pictures in the club and some other little things. So
the cool thing about the 1UP club that none of the other stuff we have really offers is
that, you know, since RicePrincess works with us quite a bit, she has a lot of pictures
from the inside, quote unquote, and like old logos and marketing things and things like
So she's adding a lot of that to the community. So check it out. It's it's orange lounge radio dash club dot one up dot com
But we'll put that link in the chat room for those of you guys who might have missed it
Anyway, I said that we were gonna talk about some news starting this off here including a little bit of told you so
last week
This was the news that came around last week the news that came out last week
We were talking about was that red octane announced that they were going to be
publishing a game. They didn't say that they were going to be writing a game, although
some people kind of jumped to that conclusion, but they said they were going to start publishing
games for PlayStation 2. And what did we say? We said, gee, it would be a great outlet for
In the Groove, wouldn't it? Wouldn't surprise me at all to see In the Groove be the game
that's published by these guys. Sure enough, not even two hours after the show's over,
It leaks to the internet. Some no-name fitness gaming site posts this article
that confirms that Red Octane donated copies of In The Groove for PlayStation 2
to this local school for their fitness program, and it was just a wildfire from there.
DDR Freak picked it up. We picked it up.
It ran everywhere. So now everybody knows, and Red Octane finally made the official
announcement,
the game they are publishing is in fact In The Groove.
If you could see me roll my eyes.
But I don't get on the webcam.
It's interesting news nonetheless. I'll go cough up a lung cookie in its honor.
It's interesting news nonetheless. No, actually, what's interesting, and I didn't
get to this
in How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, because I knew I would
want to come back and talk about this later, but I actually
decided, because we have an in-the-groove machine here in Sacramento now,
where Orange Launch Radio is based,
I decided I was going to go play it this week. So I did. I went Wednesday night, I added the arcade
all to myself, so it was awesome, and I played In The Groove again, and I still, you know,
to give it a fair chance, I wanted to see, do I warm up to it a little more, do I, eh,
maybe go, what was I thinking the first time? I still feel the same way, my opinion hasn't
changed. I don't dislike In The Groove, so please don't talk about how much Sky on Earth
was ready to dogs In The Groove, cause I don't dislike the game. But I don't think it's God's
greatest gift to dance games, either.
Good.
For me to poop on!
For me, it's Middleground.
There's things I like about it and there's things I don't like about it.
To recap, what I don't like about it, it's fugly.
I don't like the game because it's fugly.
I don't care for the interface.
I don't care for the way the game looks in-game.
I don't like the way the arrows scroll.
Yes, I know you can change it.
But even when you change it, it's still fugly.
I don't like the way the arrows look, I don't like the way the backgrounds looks, I don't
like the look.
So sorry, but I think it's fugly.
And a lot of the things that draw people to DDR is the fact that it's chibi and it's cute
and it flashes and it's seizure-ismic.
In the Groove is missing that completely.
What I like about In the Groove, I like the minds.
They make a lot of the songs pretty cool.
I like, for the most part, I can't say the step charts are bad.
I think they're different, they're neat, they're fun.
not very freestyle-able on the easier levels, but they're, you know, I guess fun on the
hard levels. But then we get back into what I don't like about it. What I don't like about
it is that it's just, you know, an orgy of all these uber difficult songs that are for
a very select elite few DDR players to be playing. And I just, I don't know. I don't...
I think it would have difficulty getting into the masses when this is kind of its big thing
is that, hey, it's a game that's harder than DDR, but of course they're going back and
fixing some of this because when they announce that they're doing this on the PS2, they announce
they're gonna do an all novice level and that, you know, their sequels are gonna have novice
levels, so fine, they're changing some of that, but regardless, it's not there now.
So anyway, you know, just kind of long story short, things I like, things I don't like,
and the song list I'm very meh on, like there's some songs I really, really, really like,
really, really like, there's some songs that are just very, they're filler, there's absolute
filler songs. So, that's my take on In The Groove. So when I kind of heard this was coming
out for PlayStation 2, I was, I've kind of felt very the same way, I felt very borderline.
I was just kind of like, well, you know, I'm not surprised, but at the same time, what's
very interesting about this is that now they're invading Konami's turf, which I think is very
interesting because we all kind of know that Konami has basically turned its
back on DDR in the arcades in the u.s. there isn't supposed to be DDR in the
arcades in the u.s. save one crappy mix that's five six years old at this point
oh I'm sorry two crappy mixes I keep forgetting about 1.5 1.5 in USA so save
two crappy mixes that are god-awful years old now
Konami's turned his back on DDR on the USA but they've been making all their
money off these home releases and that's what they're really whoring up now so
now in the grooves coming in and they're gonna start invading on that turf a
little bit how so as in the arcades for in the groove yes it's just from what
we were understanding and we have not heard much to the contrary yeah but it's
gonna be just a freaking port of the arcade version with additions novice
level for new songs things like that so it's gonna be the arcade version of in
groove and then some so kind of neat I guess but now they're coming on to
Konami's turf so of course there's that big talk out there oh Konami's gonna sue
them they're gonna sue and they're gonna make it depends I just I don't see it
happening at this point I think if they were gonna sue they would have done it
by now I'm really thinking that there's something going on I mean now the rock
star people need a group people have been saying this for a long time we've
got our ass covered on this don't worry but we all been kind of sitting there
going well they probably just have a loophole you know it's kind of the
assumptions that they're probably sitting on some kind of loophole that
you know they might get their shit called on eventually but it's more time
goes on here and that's the other thing is it now the pump it up release just
totally got overshadowed amongst all this news but we've got in the groove
coming out pump it up coming out which you know was also kind of an invasion of
Konami's turf if you think about it but but pump it up is different because it's
you're gonna have to buy a whole new dance pad for that game so it's it's
gonna be a crippled release as it is getting the Korean import that's we have
to get the converter for the PC pad and all that crap I'm just I'm kind of
reading some of the feedback on a chat room if you have some feedback www.orange
launch radio.com click on chat and you can give us some feedback here in the
chat room. Let's just kind of look in here. Dr. Tsuya says, if Konami wants to compete
within the groove and pump it up on home consoles, they're going to have to pull out all the
stops. Well, what I think is interesting about that is my assumption was always, Konami could
pull out one big stop in the form of a lawsuit. But, obviously, they're not sitting on a loophole,
the rocks over there's something there that is because if Konami was gonna sue
it would have happened by now granted maybe something could happen in the next
couple weeks as Konami could be like this announcement of in the groove
coming out really lit the fire under their ass so now the lawyers are out but
I just somehow highly doubt it at this point it's kind of like Konami's just
writing it off which kind of irritates me in a way I'm having a check on
something, by the way. Oh, okay. Looking at intellectual property and business law. Right.
Well, you know, we could argue this till we're blue in the face, if there's grounds for a
lawsuit or not. But there's two key elements missing. A, we don't know if Rockstar has
any secret agreements. For all we know, they're slipping Konami a percentage of the profits
to do this. That could very well be a possibility that we're just not aware of. It's doubtful,
But it's a possibility you have to admit. It's a possibility is Loki's in the kitchen. They're going no no no it's doubtful, but it's possibility
Okay here comes Loki Loki's got something he wants to say on this
Come here he comes doo doo doo doo, okay?
Here's what's actually going on here first off the whole reason is
in the groove was basically step mania of course changed enough to where it
wouldn't violate the copyrights that they had on Konami had on dance games
so that would include the angle of the arrows coming up the arrow graphic
design the interface etc okay now hardware wise the thing that they were
worried about as far as violating that well guess who has the rights to the
hardware. That'd be EndoMiro. Guess who's making the hardware for EndoGroup 2? EndoMiro.
Yeah, but you're talking EndoGroup 2. I'm not talking about EndoGroup 2 yet. We haven't
brought that up. Well, I'm talking about EndoGroup 1. Okay? Basically saying that the rights
are all taken care of and that kind of stuff. As far as being able to compute DDR, sure,
people will buy it. It's not going to do well, though. It's going to fail. It's going to
fall hard. Here's why. 13-footers on an ignition pad. It's not going to happen. Handplants
It's not gonna happen. You know, it's just, that game was designed for the arcade and the fact that difficulty level is up there, you're not gonna be able to utilize that part of the game on homepads, on ordinary homepads. It's crazy.
And, you know, to even get into In the Groove 2 a little bit, it, um, 13 footer doubles, that's ridiculous. It's just stupid.
I, um, I, okay, go ahead, finish your thought, and then we'll get to Jamie.
But then again, you have Pump It Up, where you have, you know, handplants and stuff on that, so apparently someone likes it, and that's doing well enough, and whether that's going to translate well enough into, you know, the home version, that's, I don't know.
I don't know, but I personally think hand plants and that kind of stuff, that's not going to work well in Helm version, you're just going to get another pretty much, you know, rip off of DDR because you're going to have the new diet version which is in there. It's basically all the modes DDR has, you know, thrown in there and renamed something different.
Alright, I have a response to this because I feel differently, but I want to let Jamie intervene.
looking, I found the information I was looking for for trademark law.
I'm just going to read this one paragraph because this will basically clear it up.
A trademark functions as a guarantee of the consistent level
of certain characteristics such as quality so that the public when making a purchase
will get the product which it asks for and wants to get.
So basically, it's trademark infringement.
I mean, purely, because
In the Groove has basically everything
that DDR is known for. It's in, you know, it'd be like
me putting out this special glass that's supposed to
stay cold, like, forever, and then having another company put out exactly the same
glass but blue, you know.
What about the, okay, what about this argument, because this is a classic argument that people
people say about this, and, you know, you have to, we have to pay this respect.
What's the difference between this being one dance game to another dance game than, say,
Tekken was a 3D fighter and Virtua Fighter was a 3D fighter
and they were very similar in that aspect.
If you play them, they are completely different.
First different, yeah, different engine. That's just like saying what's the difference
between Street Fighter and
say, um, Guilty Gear.
In the Groove is supposed to play just like DDR basically, right?
Well the thing that always weirded me out about In the Groove
is that it was specifically made for DDR cabinets.
that will always kinda sat weird with me. Now granted,
I realize this is all changing with In The Groove, but again, In The Groove 2,
we haven't gone there yet. I'm still talking about In The Groove 1. And you know what's
funny?
What? And I have to laugh because it's coming.
You don't think that they're gonna stop, you know,
they're basically taking everything Konami has stopped supporting, and they're supporting it
further.
You watch, and I guarantee you,
probably by the end of this year, you're gonna see five key versions of something like In The
groove that's going to be supporting for all those old BeatMania cabinets that no longer
can get upgrades because BeatMania the final came out and that was it. You're going to
have a new five key game that's going to be coming out and I don't know about Dance Maniacs
but Dance Maniacs could be another step too.
Interesting thought. Jamie?
There's a little bit more on this one. Basically, trademarks are considered property and protected
as property. Trademark infringement should be prevented as a type of unfair competition.
further trademark infringement violates the standards of commercial morality. Additionally,
trademarks require protection as they represent an investment in goodwill. With law behind
protecting the interests of the trademark owners, infringers are prevented from free
riding on the efforts of others. That's what I wanted to point out. I mean, again, this
in the groove thing is basically riding on the coattails of Konami for DDR. There's another
There's another one on here too. Infringement of trademark falls below the minimum level of fair competition the government enforces in marketplace.
Infringement of trademarks is but an aspect of unfair competition. Since unfair competition is a tort, trademark infringement is a tort as well.
And for those of you who don't know, tort is a wrong. A law break, basically.
If you're doing something, you're not supposed to.
Now, but the thing is, despite whether the law may or may not be in Konami's sphere, because again, there could be a secret agreement we don't know about.
Could be.
Um, even if, if there was some, like, legal thing that has, uh, you know, that says Konami's in the right with this or whatever, if Konami just doesn't do anything about it, this, we're talking till we're blue in the face here, right?
Well, it's up to Konami if they want to pursue it, but regardless, you know...
Okay, here's my perspective though.
Loki says In the Groove doesn't think it's going to do well at home.
I disagree.
I think In the Groove stands to do very well in the home market, and there's one reason
why.
Price?
Okay, I guess you're right.
There's a couple reasons why.
A, if the price is right, we don't know what the price is yet, but imagine if In the Groove
goes for 20 bucks.
That's going to be a big, you put the $20 game next to the $30, $40 DDR game, that's
gonna be, you know, quite a bit, quite a toughie to go up against there. And sadly, people
are fooled by cheap knockoffs. Exactly, but here's the other thing, and that's the reason
why the Mad Catz GameCube game, that's why that failed, because the price was wrong on
that, and you had to have a special pad for it, there was no way they were gonna make
that cheap. Well, I'm talking about their dance pads, and all the third party pads that
were so crappy. Well, you bring me to my other point, though. Red Octane has a lock on the
home market for dance pads. They really do. Most people that are into dance games know
that Red Octane produces the best home pads. And stores like GameStop, EB Games, Fry's,
whatever, carry tons of the Red Octane pads. Remember Fulton and Marconi? Yes. And remember,
but remember this, Red Octane is now the one that's going to be putting out in the groove.
So what's going to stop them from putting on every box of these dance pads, you know,
for use with games such as In the Groove.
Buy In the Groove in stores now.
In the Groove this, In the Groove that.
It's going to be this automatic partnership between the biggest selling dance pad and
now this new game.
I think the only way we're going to get somewhat of a straight answer is to start looking for
a press release from Konami or start contacting their reps.
Well now you remember we had the lost interview with Jason Enos that we did at E3 last year
and we didn't end up getting to play it on the station because things happened and it
didn't end up getting saved.
But Loki actually dropped the bomb and he asked straight up, he said, what do you think
of In the Groove?
And the answer we got was kind of, it was very politically correct middle ground, kind
of you know kind of welcoming the competition but not gonna acknowledge it
type thing I don't know how to say I don't want to misquote him so I'm not
gonna try and say he said this but I do remember that the answer we got was very
I'm not gonna it was very on the fence what was like I can't believe it and I
remember I I will never forget that look that he gave Loki after Loki asked that
as he kind of was like it was that oh fuck I knew this was coming look
God, I wish we had that. Oh, I'm so mad that that didn't end up happening.
Don't you find it a little funny that it being a couple months away from E3, we haven't heard anything about a new DDR game yet?
Because I firmly believe they are gonna throw out the punches at E3. I think E3, they will announce all of them.
I firmly believe there will be another one for Xbox and another one for PlayStation and I think they're going to do DDR Mario here in the U.S.
I think they're going to be rolling out new dance games on all three platforms.
And a certain website of a certain artist that we interviewed said that he might have an involvement with it, but of course he can't say anything other than that.
Interesting. I didn't know about that.
I posted the link to the trademark infringement site in the chat room for anybody who is at all interested in knowing the legal background behind it.
Very nice. See, you can educate yourself here on Amazon's Radio.
I still think that we need to buy Konami stock so that we have a say in the company of stockholders.
I know, I know, we need to do that.
But it's interesting, but this is the interesting thing now that I see here.
I mean, this is kind of, and I'm sorry we're kind of talking about this so we're blue in the face,
but, you know, we are a show about rhythm and music games, and this is it, right here.
If things, I really see that if things continue down this path, okay?
Okay, let me finish my thought here.
If things continue down this path, we're not going to be talking about DDR a year from now.
it is going to be talking about In The Groove, because that's what there's going to be.
Because Konami is allowing DDR to get trampled by In The Groove.
In the arcades, anyway. I mean, the home console releases,
you know, there'll still be a little bit of everything, but as far as the arcades,
and where a lot of us met each other, and where a lot of us feel our community
allegiance belongs is the arcade games,
we're going to be talking In The Groove. Maybe even less time than that.
Konami, get up off your ass and do something. Jamie?
This is just another one that sort of jumped off at me
as I was trying to go to another site.
It was about the use of infringing marks in interstate commerce.
It says any commercial activity
that Congress can regulate is subject to the Lanham Act.
Lanham Act considers an infringing mark used in commerce when it is used or displayed
in the sale or advertising of services, and the services are rendered in commerce
or the services are rendered in more than one state.
So, if they're all, you know, they're basically trying to spread this.
You know, we've had, the arcade version has been in a very small area, but you start bringing
out a home release, and that's going to be pretty much, you know, country wide.
I have a feeling that Konami is going to do something about it.
I think it's going to affect their sales in such a way they're going to see this as taking
money out of their pocket.
I think, I think E3 is going to be hilarious this year, because all these dance games are
going to be shown.
Um, I'm so looking forward to it.
I think it's going to be, it's going to be a showdown, and I can't wait, and we'll be
podcasting, you gotta get on our podcast, we will be podcasting, if I get to go, which
I'm pretty sure I will, we'll be podcasting every day from E3, and we will bring it to
you as it happens, as the drama unfolds at E3.
You betcha.
I will have the laptop with me.
We can update the site, we'll have the orange box, we'll have it all.
A lot of gaming sites will not be able to bring you the news as fast as we're going to be bringing it to you.
It's going to be awesome.
Yeah, just because we're awesome and we're cool.
We are dedicated to spreading the E3 drama throughout the world this year.
Other sites want to be us.
Alright. Now, Jamie, I would encourage you at some point this week or so, go down and give in the groove a try. See what you think.
Maybe when my lungs work again.
Yeah, I guess that would kind of slow me down too, but...
And when, you know, CCL isn't the, you know, money stealing sack of...
I'm telling you, Wednesday night, nobody's there because everybody's at Rosewood Golf Land because of the arcade mania.
the arcade mania. I know, I know. Angel, you had a comment? I'd go if you guys want to
go over there. I mean, be like piling in the car and be like, okay. Well, I'm probably
going to go again this Wednesday, so we'll see. The only reason I'm saying that is because
I haven't seen it yet and I just wanted to see it for myself and, you know, why not?
Then you have another voice going, I didn't know, I was kidding. I just don't want people
out there going, you know, oh, Sky doesn't know what the hell he's talking about because
he's never played In the Groove. No, I've played it, so I think I speak. And I don't
hate In the Groove. I think they've got a lot of good ideas, and I think there's a lot
of good things about In the Groove, so please, don't get me wrong, I probably will buy In
the Groove on PlayStation 2, because I... I won't spend my money on it. I have to disagree,
probably will buy it depending on what
depending on what happens with Konami
depending on what happens there but if
Konami continues to do nothing then I
will buy in the group on PlayStation 2
I'm not going to give them my money I
really don't support poor ripoffs so
they don't get my money well let's have
to agree to disagree there all right
we're gonna break when we come back
we're gonna talk a little bit about Oh
Loki Loki I don't support for rip poor
ripoffs as well however if anyone out there has the in the groove game is
willing to rip the hard drive you don't support the legit copies either okay
yeah I would rather HD load it and steal money from them that would be awesome
and remember kick an ultra K machine all right uh when we get back from this next
break I want to talk a little bit about in the groove too because we got news on
that and then I know but but dark Sakura I realize you may have this kind of
towards in the group right now but let's face it they're the only ones doing
anything right now
so we're gonna talk a little bit about that when we come back and then I'm
gonna open up the Skype line because I know somebody out there is gonna want to
comment on this so we'll do that and then we're gonna get into the orange
launch radio cage match so more fun to be had when we come back from this break
and Elmo it suggested we do a themed break of calendar songs so we're going
do some calendar songs, so we'll be back after this.
I want to make you hurt
We can fight it
From the two of us
I know you feel it
We're letting go
We can make you hurt
We can have the power
And it's time to move
The music makes you high
The music and the power
Every day I watch your everything
Every night I live your every night
Oh, every day I watch your everything
Every night, I live it every night for all
I just wanna be with you, I wanna call you
Hachi desu desu achi kamehoseki
Kamehosei no chumu kimi wo yoko me ni
Oh, they'll die if you remember
Every night, I hear your voice Baby, every day and every night
Demon Control!
Demon Control!
you
Come on, shake your love, you can Don't be mad, you'll be all my love
Let's get everybody down, now how can you feel?
I just wanna meet you, feel all my heart, you just let me in
Let me down, let me down
I gave you to me good
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, of course we've been talking about In the Groove,
which is something that has really kind of gotten people going in our chat.
This has really been a polarizing thing in the community right now, and it's honestly
not a surprise, because this is really going to determine the direction of what we're going
to be talking about a year from now, I think.
So I can see where people, why people feel about this.
Real quick, I want to go around, take a poll, see how people stand on In the Groove.
I just kind of want to go around and see what people think of this.
Love the idea, hate the idea, undecided or what you stand, just kind of like a quick
couple sentences.
So, um, um, Jamie, you wanna start? Your thoughts on the game?
Lone cookie.
Lone cookie. Angel?
I have no idea since I haven't seen it yet, but maybe that'll change my Wednesday.
Uh, I am still, you know, the longer that they, uh, how do I phrase this?
The fact that they are doing this, that they're putting this out on the home console,
and the fact that the people are kinda, the folks who make the game are out there in the community
I'm awfully persistent about all this. Kind of actually raises my opinion of the whole thing a little bit.
It makes me feel like they really do want to try and do some good here.
I find the whole thing interesting. The game itself, I'm still, you know, I think there's good things and bad things about it.
It's an okay game, I welcome it, but I have concerns. That's my long, sordid, blown up answer.
Arkadian42 who joined us during the last break there. Hi friend, how are you?
I'm doing okay.
So you walked into our big discussion on In The Groove, what do you think?
It's okay, I haven't played it so I don't, I can't really comment on the gameplay, but
hey, if they're coming out with it, that's fine by me.
Hey, why not? So that's kind of Arkadian say, hey, why not? Hey, why not?
Loki.
You wanna buy it?
Loki says hate it, he's yelling from the kitchen.
He hated it.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line for you guys, but we need to get to this
bit first, because I know somebody will bring this up on the Skype line, so we want to mention
this so that, you know, you guys kind of know everything before we just open up the Skype
line. Those of you guys that get most of your Bahmani news here on this show, which actually,
you know, there are some people who pretty much get most of their Bahmani news here on
the show. Uh, In the Groove 2 is happening. It is happening, it is coming out, they showed
it at the Amusement Showcase International 2005 show. Here's the interesting thing about
In the Groove 2, actually there's several interesting things about In the Groove 2.
A, brand new cabinet. So no longer will In the Groove be stowing away, not necessarily.
You'll be doing upgrades for regular cabinets too? Okay, they'll be doing upgrades for the
regular cabinets too but in the groove 2 will have its own new cabinet and if you
wonder why the cabinet looks just like a pump-it-up cabinet that's because
Andy Mero is in on it now too. Andy Mero is going to be doing the cabinets for
in the groove 2 or are they... is Andy Mero actually doing the cabinets? They are
doing the cabinets this Loki. Song list very interesting all the songs from in
the groove 1 are coming back no cuts and then there's going to be some brand new
songs in In The Groove, I'm sorry, some brand new songs in In The Groove 2 as well, which
include Typical Tropical by Bambi from DDR Solo, which you first heard that, Spaceman
by Lynn, who, now that's the weird thing because Spaceman was actually a Bambi song, so we're
not quite sure why the title changed there, perhaps it's a, well maybe not, it could be
a cover or it could be a artist went solo or something who knows I don't know
but regardless spaceman is going to be in there and that's one of the songs
that's in rotation on our station at right now actually and then what was the
one sunshine by triple j you know this is follow the Sun from DDR third mix now
of course I'm blatantly mentioning the songs that seem to be crossing over from
the games we already know there's a whole list there's already announced 50
new songs I didn't see a whole lot else that really caught my attention little
kitty mine I thought that was interesting because that's by Nini who
did a lot of the dance mania songs as well as spacey crazy girl by Nini is
going to be in it as well and the message some new car songs those you
guys like him he's kind of the Naoki Twilight travel style some new songs
there. Very interesting. So those are some new songs that are gonna be in In the
Groove 2. In the Groove 2 has a very red interface. People are noticing not a
whole lot of huge changes, but novice mode being one big change and just the
cabinet and the new songs being another change as well. So very interesting. Okay
Okay, so, what we're gonna do now, we're gonna go ahead and open up the Skype line, so if you want to talk to us, just head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on Interact With Us, and you can call in on the Skype line, because I know some folks have very deep-lying opinions on this, so I'm very curious to hear what some of our listeners have to say.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
Hi, this is Sephiroth1215.
Hello, Sephiroth1215. Now this is your first time calling, isn't it? Or first or second?
Yeah, this is my first time.
Hello, Newbie! Hi, Newbie! No, I'm kidding. What are your thoughts on In the Groove?
Um, I actually think it's not that bad, just because DDR is kinda going downhill now.
So you think DDR is going downhill?
Yeah, but this might be bringing it back up, hopefully.
What about DDR do you think is going downhill? Do you think that DDR Extreme on Playstation was the wrong direction, or what?
Oh yeah, most definitely.
So you weren't a fan of the recent home releases?
Um, you know, I like, the song list wasn't bad, it's just all the bugs and the interface especially really sucked.
Now, you know, it's interesting because I kind of feel like, whereas DDR Extreme for
PlayStation, this is just me personally, whereas I think DDR Extreme on PlayStation could have
been a little bit better, I think there were some areas for improvement there, I think
UltraMix 2 fucking just knocked the house down. I thought it was a great DDR release.
But you don't have a, you don't feel the same on UltraMix 2 or?
Yeah, actually I do. It seems like Konami doesn't seem to really do much about Hawaii over there.
I mean, if they let them do, if they did the PS2 mixes even, it would be great.
Now I understand that, because UltraMix 2 kind of feels like the sideshow at the circus, doesn't it?
Even though it deserves to be on the main stage.
It's like when you go to one of those big festivals like Lollapalooza or something,
And like the best band you see all day is playing on the second stage. That's kind of how Ultramix 2 is right now.
Yeah, I feel the same way. I mean, Ultramix 2 is great and if they just pay more attention to it...
Yeah, the first words out of my mouth after I played Ultramix 2 was Konami of Hawaii should be doing the next DDR release in the arcades.
And I still think that, but I, yeah, exactly, they should, not that my opinion matters any, or your opinion when it comes to, you know, the big picture over there or whatever the suits are thinking at Konami, but, hey, if it were up to me, Hawaii would be working on a new arcade mix right now. And we'd have tons of different drum songs in it.
Yeah, I just feel that Hawaii kind of stays more towards fans, instead of, you know, the PS2 mixes, which tries to bring along more newcomers with all these songs that everybody knows.
Absolutely, I can see that too. You know, a lot of fans worked on UltraMix too. A really good friend of the shows, or a couple of them, were working on UltraMix too, so that was kind of neat that they got to be a part of that, so...
Yeah.
Okay, so back to In The Groove for a minute. Have you actually gotten a chance to play In The Groove, or are you just kind of watching all this debate going on from the sidelines, just trying to keep an open mind?
I watched it and, you know, after that I downloaded all the sim files from and played them. I mean, the songs aren't too bad. I mean, some of the steps are kind of ridiculous, though.
Yeah, some of the expert stuff is a little ridiculous, I can certainly agree with that.
But I gotta tell you though, downloading it and playing it on StepMania, and actually playing it inside an arcade machine, it's very different.
StepMania does not have the same feel in an arcade machine that it does on the home. I don't know how to explain it, it's just kind of the way I see it.
Well yeah, there is one in the area that hopefully I get to play some day soon, but until then.
them just kind of watching the debate so you just kind of think that in the groove
it's just something new and so why not is that kind of what I'm hearing? At first I kind of
didn't care about it too much but I mean Red Octane is putting it out there and
they're they've been pretty good with their pads and everything so I'm sure
they're gonna do what they can. Yeah I think they're right. And if their success is I'm
I'm sure they'll probably do something else even bigger than this.
It's going to be very interesting. I think what Loki said earlier is a very interesting...
Because Red Octane doesn't just put out the dance pads. They put out five key controllers and other sorts of knockoffs for various games too.
I think what you said is right on. If In the Groove does well, we're going to start seeing a five...
We're going to see a five key meeting game.
They've already said they're going to do it. It's not a surprise. They've already said they were going to do it.
so it'll come I just you watch the end yeah well if they could beat Konami to
beat me in the u.s. I mean they'll definitely own that and it's just gonna
be interesting to see how long will Konami just sit and watch this happen
maybe they probably just don't care as much maybe it's kind of sad I don't know
I feel like I'm not important I feel like Konami doesn't love me Konami won't
Don't stand up for me. Mom, I'm being picked on at school. Why won't you say anything to the principal about it?
That's kind of how I feel.
Alright, any other thoughts on the group?
Not really. I understand you probably have many more callers, so...
Not really. We're not that popular of a show. Not a lot of people listen to us.
We're going to let you go now, just in case. We should open the line back up.
Okay, all right. Well. Thanks for your call and have a good one all right later
It's good to hear from new people once in a while, so
It's good to hear from him, and I just darn it
I hung up on the person who tried to call in next there is hello. You're on orange on radio
Hey, this is all mullet. Hello. Sorry for hanging up on you there. That's name ever. I was trying to hang up
I'm a last caller and I accidentally hung up on you instead. Oh, no problems. I get that a lot all right
What's on your mind, buddy? Oh?
Oh, you're talking about In The Groove. I figured I'll talk about In The Groove.
I would love to hear your thoughts on In The Groove because you made a great post on the DDR Freak thread about In The Groove, so I definitely want to hear it. I want to hear your thoughts.
Basically, I can't hate In The Groove because I haven't played In The Groove. There's no machine in Maryland and nothing. I don't want to cross state lines in order to play a dancing game.
Now, hold on though, hold on though, before you talk about that you can't hate in the groove for that reason,
I think there is still reason to hate in the groove, even if you haven't played it,
because of the fact that, you know, it's kinda like it's invading DDR's turf.
It's like the Crips are coming into the Bloods territory, and you know, you're gonna pull a knife on them.
Right, I'm gonna get into that, just let me...
Alright, alright, I'm sorry, I am sorry Elmoley, go ahead and finish that.
Okay, the second half of the sentence is that I hate the fan base, they are psychotic.
As soon as the announcement was made that it was coming to the home market, all I hear is,
Oh my God, this is going to be the savior of the world, if you don't like it, you're a Satan, you should be castrated, and all this stuff.
I agree with you there, In The Groove, not the entire, I know some great people in the In The Groove fanbase, don't get me wrong, there's some really great people, but like a large chunk of the In The Groove fanbase, oh my god, oh my god.
DDR is not dead. Stop dancing on the grave of DDR because DDR has no grave yet. They will have releases this year. I have utmost faith DDR will continue.
if they sold a million copies last year alone exactly let's just pull the plug out
exactly you don't put out a press release like that and then pull the plug on it
although we're so happy we made the money but that's all we're going to make
we're starting again
it sometimes feels that way doesn't it sorry Elmo go ahead
well anyway as far as in the groove goes i'm sure it's not a bad game i'm sure
that i'll have
fun with it i'm going to
buy it i'll probably be the one who reviews it for inside pulse
but I'm sure it's not going to be the ultra-savior of this thing either.
But I do have a prediction. I have a prediction that could be very feasible
since In the Groove is being published by Red Octane.
I'm going to... I love predictions. I love predictions and making stuff up.
This is great. Okay, what is it?
There will be
in-game advertising
for the Red Octane ignition pads
and for their metal pads.
Absolutely. I hear you there.
That goes without saying.
Absolutely. It's got to happen.
Just like how Konami advertised the Dance Mania CDs, I think they'll be a very similar sort of advertisement.
And when you see the little figure dancing, it'll be on a red octane pad. Absolutely. I think you're absolutely right on that.
Exactly. And it's going to be very interesting to see, hey, do you suck right now? Buy a technician pad. Only $100.
And then you can pass that...
Do you still suck?
Then you can pass that fucking insane 13-footer with all the fucking useless hand plants in it, you know, it's just...
And do you still suck? Do you want to pass our expert zones? Buy our metal pad!
Seriously?
It's only $100 less than the best one on the market.
I can see that happening.
How about In The Groove 2? What are your thoughts on what you've seen on that so far?
I just caught the story a couple hours ago, and when I first saw that there was going to be a brand new cabinet made for it,
I think that the first thing I thought was a very, very good move on Rock Store's part for getting a new cabinet.
It will further differentiate themselves from Dance Dance Revolution, especially since they're not going to be solely piggybacking off their hardware.
I agree to an extent. I don't think they're going to win over anybody who was anti-In-The-Groove because of the fact that it's invading DDR's turf.
turf I don't think they're gonna win anybody over with that but I think they
may win over some arcade owners which is the important part really if you think
about it whoever they went over is negligible at this point I'm just saying
that that this way in the groove looks more separate from DDR than currently
because now we can because all the in the groove was beforehand was enough
was a simple upgrade kit for any and all DDR machines.
It was DDR ITG mix, really.
Exactly. It's going to be very interesting this year. I've said it as soon as
Pump It Up received home release this year. This is going to be the best year
for dance games on the whole. It's either going to be the best year, or it's going to be the worst year.
It could all be over after this year, honestly. It could. I think that's, I think
that's a possibility that
These dance games all do fair
and they all cancel each other out. And that's a distinct possibility.
But I think that E3 is going to be a very interesting show this year.
I'm very much looking forward to E3. I wish I could go.
Final exams are a bitch because I can't.
That sucks, man. Well, try to live vicariously through us. I don't know what
other consolation I can give you, but we will be there.
Don't worry, I will try. We're going to be fielding questions and everything.
so hopefully you guys will get to live vicariously through us.
Alright, any other thoughts?
That's about it. Alright. Have they said who's publishing
Pump It Up yet?
Who was it? Madesco? Maybe? Mastiff Games.
Mastiff was making it, but they weren't publishing it, were they?
I thought they were just the ones making it, and Anamiro themselves was publishing it.
It's the other way around. Anamiro is the
the maker of pump it up and well the fastest games are
what the fuck do I know alright it's all good
alright Elmo thanks for the call no problem I'll wait like plug your site
inside polls that come there you go alright have a good one
by by I definitely wanna get old
damages there wasn't well there was another call coming on the line here
goodies contact and I think this is somebody
who supports a lot of what in the group is doing from what I hear the chair
This should be a good call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt.
Hello, SSJ100 Matt, how are you?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
Now, this has got to be your first or second call into the station as well, right?
Yeah, my first.
Your first?
Oh, another virgin!
Welcome to the show.
Thank you for calling in.
Now, I know you've got some opinions on the In The Groove stuff, so let's hear it.
Yeah, I got a little opinion.
What's up?
I actually got a little story beforehand about it.
I've been to Phoenix, Arizona. They just got in the groove, I think. Well, I went to the arcade, and so I went.
Can you hear me now?
Uh, he's still a little bit broken up.
You know what? Try calling us right back, bud. Try doing that.
Let's see if that helps. Later.
Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and let him call right back,
because sometimes that helps the connection a little bit, just to kind of redo it there,
because I want to let him have a chance to talk.
All right, you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, it's clear again. Tell your story.
Okay. Anyways, I went to, uh, Golf Land, and they had a, ran over there, jumped on it.
I have to put in my money for it. And I realized it wasn't in the groove, it just had, like, the stuff all around it and it ended up being a third mix DDR machine.
That's kind of like that mega mix DDR. It looks like an Xtreme, but oh my god. Don't fall off.
But, you know what, I've yet to try it, and I want to give everything a chance like I do with Red Sox fans and German people, so...
Now, I thought you were somebody in our chatroom, because I mentioned this before I picked up your call,
I thought you were somebody in the chatroom that was really supporting everything that the Rockstar folks are doing within The Groove,
and are pretty open-minded to what's going on here. Is that true, or...?
Oh, shit, I guess I'm getting you confused with somebody else. My bad, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Alright, so you're just more having an open mind to In the Groove and what's going on?
Yeah, I'll try it out when it comes.
Alright, sounds good. What do you think about the impact this is going to have on DDR?
Well, you know what, I'm sure DDR will come up with something. Everything happens for a reason, so we'll see.
Is it maybe the release of In the Groove will kind of light a fire under Konami of America's ass to do something new with DDR?
We'll see, I don't know. I think In the Groove knows that Konami will kick their ass either way, so...
It's like all we have to do is just release another game in your own, so...
So you think regardless of this In the Groove pump it up stuff, Konami will still be king in the end?
probably I agree with that but I still think in the groove has the potential to
make a pretty fat dent so look you look like you want to say no no I think so I
you don't think that on the red octane pads that everybody buys because Konami
doesn't do their own pads anymore I mean they do but in such limited release it's
negligent so that the red on these red octane pads they won't try to sell in
the groove and you won't start seeing bundle packs of in the groove with these
red octane pads everywhere. Well I'm sure you'll see packs within the groove, but no
one buys a dance pad without knowing the game they're going to play for it. That's just
retarded. What about grandmas buying it for their kids? Because they hear on the news
about the dance game that makes people lose weight, and they all look the same to her.
Well that's- Grandma you saying I'm fat? Now that's just- Hey what's that? No that's just
That's just a Skype message, sorry go ahead.
That's just Grandma on TV, but Grandma might not know, and so she'll ask the teenager working
behind the counter, whoa what game does this work for, and they'll be like, well that works
for Dance Dance Revolution, because that's the one they're familiar with, and not like,
you know, that works with Britney's Dance Beat, you know, or something like that.
So they're going to, DDR is kind of like, you know, it's kind of like Kleenex, instead
of being, you know, a tissue, it's a Kleenex, you know, something like that.
There was a whole semantics argument about this in the Quirks animated thing, but it's
Xerox.
It actually is a, I don't remember the exact terminology, but once a product becomes so
familiar that any product is known by that name, then it loses its trademark.
yeah it's like you know for example like gelatin you know or a band-aid okay it's
not a band-aid it's an adhesive strip right right you know something like that
well people are gonna be buying you know that's fine go ahead and buy in the
groove you know go ahead and buy it for your kids but when they go to try to
play it and they're gonna get bored with it and they're gonna return it well we'll see
I got to get back I want to get back to the collar though because the collar is
So anything else you want to share with us, SSJ100Matt, on your thoughts on the group?
Yeah, one more thing besides in the group.
My arcade just got a Beatmania Red 2DX machine.
Ah, very cool. What do you think of that?
Well, you know, I'm not a real big fan of it, because, you know, I've tried it a couple times, and, you know,
I usually get yelled at or, like, get dirty looks by the people who actually do play it.
Okay, don't let those people, those people are just, oh god, those people annoy me more than anybody else.
More than any rabid foaming-at-the-mouth-in-the-groove fan.
Dude, the 2DX Elitists piss me off. Seriously.
Do not let those guys stare you down.
You put your money in, you waited just as long as they did to play, you put your money in the machine,
you have the right to play whatever song you want, however you want, and they can just sit there and wait their turn.
Well, you know, I'm a New Yorker, so I don't really give a shit what they say either way, so...
Well, amen to that, I guess. All right.
Well, yeah, well, there's plenty of other people, you know, with DDR who do that.
Or just like that, you know, that goes out to, uh,
Danbury and Palisades people.
All right, all right, watch out, those guys. All right. Well,
good luck with all that, and just, you know, just...
Don't let those people get in the way. Just, you know, have fun with it.
Alright. Have a good one.
And Rob, to go back to what you were saying about the DDR and, um, you know, in the groove bundles, that type of thing, where they're not gonna know the difference.
Well, okay. Well that's the case. Who the fuck's gonna buy an ignition pad when they can buy a bundle with DDR for 60 bucks?
But how often do you see those bundles with DDRs?
depends where you go like fries i haven't seen bundles there since the week the ddr came out
they'll be around trust me i i don't know i disagree all right let's say one more
quick call then we got to get into the cage match and all that stuff hi you're on orange
homes radio hi my name is ronman oh i'm an olraholic hello olraholic hail the ol army
Hail to the O.L. Army!
Hail, Kai!
Humvee!
What?
Humvee?
Humvee.
Humvee.
What's on your mind, Rama?
Not much.
I just want to say a couple of things.
Yes.
About the whole in the group.
I'm all for it.
I'm happy for it.
Because I like to see more games.
That's all it is.
I'm happy for it.
You just want the game orgy.
Hey, I'm all for it.
This gives me a reason to go out and buy it.
That's all.
I'm having fun with playing DDR.
You know?
In the group?
it up, I'll buy it. I think that's a fair perspective to have and I kind of feel a little
bit similar. Although part of my mentality is that whole blood crips thing where I don't
think that they should be invading on my turf in the group. On the other hand, I'm kind
of like, you know what, but it's just another game and will it entertain me for at least
30 minutes? Regardless, that game will entertain me more than, I don't know, Barbie Fashion
mall will. I was so anti pump it up for the longest and then um saw some hot chick
playing it I was like I'm gonna start playing that game. You know what I know
I know I'm gonna hurt some people with this but I kind of enjoy in the groove a
little more than pump it up already. But have you seen I love the verses mode on
it. Oh and in the groove? Yes they throw if I remember correctly the computer
throws random modifiers at you while you're playing the song. You know what
I'm glad Rama brought that up, because I wanted to say, that is another thing that In the Groove has going for it, is that it is incorporating the battle mode, and I always said, I've said this for years now, how long have we been doing this show? Years!
I've been saying that the future of DDR,
if DDR wants to evolve, there is a competitive as hell
dance game waiting to happen in the form of a dance magic
based game. And at least In the Groove is trying to go there a little bit.
I think that still is getting the back seat,
but I give them props for going there.
Where Konami has not gone there. You know, when it comes down to, you know, oh we're making the game
for the fans, at least they can go,
Well, the fans want it faster! As in, you know, Extreme Plus or something like that.
At least they're kind of, you know, catering it towards the fans and that type of thing.
And to be honest, if Konami's not gonna do anything about it, then, well, they deserve to lose the market share for it, because, hey, it's their own damn fault.
You know, we can't be, you know, buying every game they make, even if we don't like it, just because we want to support Konami.
Fuck that! If there's something better out there, I'll go buy the something better. That's the way it works.
So, you know what? They gotta get on their game, because if they don't do something, they are gonna lose that portion of it, and you know what?
Karaoke Revolution ain't gonna be making that much money. Trust me, it's getting old already. And they gotta do something.
Alright.
I still go back to, I think it's, we don't know what tricks Konami has up their sleeve. They could trump us all, and announce that E3...
I don't think so.
You know what? We don't know. But they could trump this whole fucking thing, and at E3 this year, they announced 2DX USA.
They could, but...
That would be the biggest F you to all of us.
They could do that, but I think I know the reason why Konami is just sitting on their asses about it. I think I know the reason.
I don't think they're sitting on their asses about it. I think that it's the more corporate side of it.
I agree here, and when we say, when we say that Konami is sitting on our ass, please realize, we are talking about the corporate people who make these types of decisions about what is being released in Arcade.
The people actually making the games, i.e. Konami of Hawaii, is doing an outstanding, incredible, wonderful, I lavish so much praise upon the Ultramix 2 product, it's not even funny.
That is exactly what DDR needed. The unfortunate thing is, because of the corporate end of it, we're not seeing as much of it as we should be.
It took the fans to get us DDR in the first place. And honestly, we owe a whole lot to Jason Enos for getting it at all.
Absolutely. Absolutely. In the Groove would not exist. Period. If it wasn't for Jason Enos.
But like I was saying, I meant the corporate end of it, too. Do you guys remember the whole Konami and the Miro lawsuit from like years ago?
Oh, of course. It always gets brought up. In discussion of In the Groove legalities, that lawsuit always gets brought up, but yes.
If I'm not mistaken, it wasn't after everything was said and done, Konami was kind of helping them or something like that, and they were getting some type of royalty or kickback or something like that?
That's the rumor, but I've heard about five different results of that, and I have yet
to see anything concrete, or at least it seems like all the different answers have something
concrete to go with it.
So I'm just, I think we're just going to do what we did last year, and when we talk to
somebody at Konami, we'll just ask.
There you go.
We'll just ask and see what we can find out.
I'll do it again.
Not that they'll tell us anything, but hey, we'll ask.
We have no shame.
We have no reputation to ruin.
We are already a disrespected station. We can't even, you know, we can't go any lower than we are already.
Hey, that works for me.
Alright.
And my Best Buy store still has leftover red octane pads from the Holiday Rush.
All the cheap pads just fly off the shelves.
Does your GameStop need a plug as well?
No, Best Buy.
Oh, sorry, Best Buy. Does your Best Buy need a plug as well?
It's not really because people look at me as a local DDR anime guru.
Every time they buy DDR or whatever, I tell them, get the pads. Get the red octane pads.
If you want to play, have fun, get the pads.
These pads over here are not even going to last you six months, if that.
Get the red octanes.
A hundred bucks, but trust me, they're worth it.
I agree. I agree.
All right, bud, we're going to let you go so we can get into some other segments.
Any other thoughts you wanted to get out, though, before we let you go?
Stop buying iPods. Please, make my job easier.
stop buying I I will stop I will be content with the one I have and not buy
anymore how's that it works all right thank you that's all I say thank you a
good night love you guys night one long bye all right we're gonna go ahead and
close off the skype line there we got to get into the cage match a lot of good
discussion there I think this is going to be a we're not done with this
discussion guys that's going to be interesting to see what unfolds. Hence the new icon. Over
the next couple of weeks. What? Hence the new icon. Oh yeah, on our website. Before
we get into the cage match, I want to mention Live 365, the site that we stream our station
through. They're good enough to provide us with the bandwidth so that all you folks can
listen to Orange Lounge Radio. Live 365 is doing their award ceremony again this year.
oh god and the nominations are going on right now
you guys may or may not remember this I was trying to look for the sound file
of this earlier but I couldn't find it we were nominated for a best of life 365
award last year in station least likely to hear on amfm radio which is so us
if you think about it when they caught we went to the ceremony we dressed up
like pimps and everything we looked damn good
we I had an orange fuzzy hat on I was wearing the spongebob square pants
slippers and my Goomba shirt. We were pimps and we walked into that ceremony
we sat in the back and drank all night we had a good time and then when they
called us or when they called the category they forgot to mention us our
name was left off the envelope so they're like and the nominees are the Pokemon
radio channel the porno music channel the whatever stations were up against
and then they left us off and we were like and it's so funny because you can
hear us in the live stream of the awards, somebody did it, you hear us in the background
going, hey! And then they're like, oh, oh, and an orange lounge. And we're like, at that
point we're like, well, shit, we didn't win if they didn't even get, if we didn't even
get to the envelope. And of course we didn't, we lost in the morning decision.
And, and, and they had trivia and Rob won this wonderful, um, internet, like, media...
Oh, I did win that....remote thing that I don't think we've
actually used. No, it's still in the box. I tried hooking it up, it's like, and my windows
was like get it away away and it bag of free CDs I got from there SSJ 100 Matt
is absolutely right we were like Scorsese we we knew how
Scorsese felt well we're only we're not assholes work we're going for the Susan
Lucci this year we want to get nominated again and we'll probably lose again even
if we get nominated but that's okay but in order to get nominated we need your
help please check out our live journal community for all the details on how you
can nominate us. Now we're not driving down there again are we? Yes we are. I am
at least going and whoever else wants to go will go. I will make Angel wear the
orange hat if you're not going to do it. I'll go do it. Alright. Oh god I can see
the pictures now and I'm so going to get... I should go topless and paint my
nipples orange and you know what and if you are in the Bay Area I want you
bitches there at the ceremony to cheer us on when we lose but in order for us
to lose we have to be nominated so visit www.orangehonestready.com click on live
journal community and look at the recent post it tells you all about what we're
looking for ask a friend in the chair I'm asking off in the chat room they'll
tell you how to vote for us, look at Live365.com and click on the nominations form. And honestly,
just nominate us and everything. Just, but be sure you put station name Orange Lounge,
not Orange Lounge Radio. You have to put station name Orange Lounge. All one word, okay? We
are trying to get some of our buddy stations nominated, so please consider Best Soundtrack
station DDR freak we're trying to get them nominated there and best station
under 500 hours under station live we're trying to get them on it as well so for
your consideration that is all in the live journal community do not vote for
the porno music I think they're ineligible because they won last year so
our biggest competition this year is the Pokemon music crazy like whatever radio
those paranormal don't listen to that oh the paranormal station that was right
Paranormal Station sucks, you need to listen to, if you're enlisted to Paranormal, listen to, what was that, the AM show that's on, I gotta, I can't remember.
Well, you know why the Paranormal folks didn't go to the awards ceremony?
They are afraid that the man who's gonna get them told them not to, what?
They already knew they weren't gonna win.
Pokemon Radio, what the fuck is Pokemon Radio?
You know what?
Is there enough music in that show to be a radio station?
You best believe it. There is a lot of stuff...
Pokemon! Gotta catch them all!
You know, I can't dog on the Pokemon radio station because I've seen the guy posting around the forums and he's actually a pretty nice guy, so...
Yeah, I...
That doesn't mean I don't want to beat him!
No. We're all friends, you know, at the end of the day, but, you know, it's just like...
Who do you love more, people?
It's like this, okay? When I go and play QZAR, I'm gonna fucking kick your ass.
Do you want-
At the end of the day, we're friends, but I'm gonna fucking kick your ass.
Seriously, if you don't vote for Orange Lounge Radio, if you don't go and nominate us, you're basically giving Pikachu this award.
You're supporting terrorism if you do not vote for Orange Lounge Radio.
Terrorism. I mean, look at what that Pokemon show did to all those poor kids with epilepsy.
We really shouldn't dog on the Pokemon station. You know what? They probably...
I would bet you right now they're talking on their station about what a bunch of
fucking DDR video game nerds over there. What the hell is wrong with them?
I'm not talking about the radio station, I'm talking about the cartoon. That cartoon sucks.
Alright. Anyways.
Support internet radio. Just listen to internet radio.
And listen to our podcast. If you're not gonna nominate us, then at least go nominate
somebody. And listen to our podcast. Yeah, like us.
But while you're there, you know, certainly you can find one category to nominate us in.
Broadcast right here.
And listen to a podcast.
Yes.
Alright, let's get into the cage match.
In order to participate in the cage match, you need to be in our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat, and you will be in the chat room.
And you can vote, the way the cage match works, we play three songs for you guys,
a clip of last week's winner, and two new songs for you guys.
and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's
Vomani Music and More program which plays 24 hours a day,
seven days a week on the station when we're not here. Alright, let's get in with
three songs. Here's the first one, a clip of last week's winner
who, by the way, dethroned Freezepop
and Stakeout, robbing it of the retirement.
And that was all thanks to the tiebreaker vote from Jamie.
So this song went in instead. It's The Dignity of Labor
with XRV, the Never Akamix. Here's a clip.
When high above you angry shells begin to fly And they can beat the stag in your mind
Into the place where truth and sin collide From far below you revelations fail to die
If you're looking for a reason I can show you all I see
The effects of imagination
Imagination
Discretion
Reimagination
Hey, oh, it's all you need
Hey, oh, it's all you need
When the waves are generate
There is no form I cannot penetrate
If only you could see the pain I feel in you
A mirror to your soul is free
Without a trace of vanity
I'll share with you the mastery
Reveal your agony with a copy
Yeah, yeah
XRV, yeah
My XRV
Alright kids, that was a clip of song number one, The Dignity of Labor with XRV.
last week's winner
here are two new songs that you're going to hear in their entirety now
your vote
will determine which one goes into rotation all week long on the station
here is song number two
it's my pick
i'm picking a band called day behavior which you know from ultramix 2 they did
the song
uh... last week's winner uh... jamie's asking what song number one was
last week's winner uh... the uh... dignity of labor with xrv loki's pick
remember you broke the tie and stole it from freeze pop
I'm sorry, I had to have cup of lung cookie and freeze pops on her.
It's a sweet and sour combination
Sleeping with the enemy
Congratulation
One for me, falling up with a day
Whatever I say, I'm finally on my way
One for me, face outside my defeat
I'm coming to say, I'm finally on my way
La la la la la la la la Kerry's
La la la la la la la la la
Each sudden gate says silently
The fiction story ecological
cow
I'd like to come home in the night and have a room with a few
The future maker is like bands of fire
Happily surrender to your faithless desire
Smile on me, fall in love with the day
Whatever it takes, we're finally on the low
Mommy, spend some time by the sea
Oh call me to say, I'm finally on the low
Mommy, fall in love with Momth and Abish
Whatever it takes, we're finally on the low
Mommy, spend some time by the sea
Oh call me to say, I'm finally on the low
I'm giving you a helping hand My friend, surely you will understand
Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
One love for me, one love for me, one love for me
Whatever I say, I'm finally home
One love me, there's sometime, why there's say, hi, bye
I'm coming to say
I'm finally on my way
frightened sh eject
whatever it may
I'm finally on my way
amin c
I'm coming to say
I'm finally on my way
frightened sh eject
I'm finally on my way
Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video!
Bad Opinions, starting off with Dark Sacra.
It's an okay song, but I don't like her voice.
So it gets a seven.
Seven from Jamie. Loki?
I was saying that it reminded me of the one woman that was singing from Aurora
in, what was it,
Ordinary World. It sort of reminded me of that,
at least voice-wise, but it was okay. I like gay behavior, but
It's a little too happy for me. I mean, I guess it's okay. I'll give it an 8.
I was actually expecting you to give it a 0.
No, I mean, it wasn't freeze-pop annoying. It's okay. I mean, I'm open to new types of music except for freeze-pop.
I ain't gonna complain. An 8's a pretty good score.
Alright.
Arcadian.
It wasn't bad. I'll probably get tired of it if I have to listen to it several times. I'll give it a 7.
Alright, let's go on to the third song, brought to us by DarkSakurin. She's going with an old favorite tonight.
I, for a while, was getting really, really annoyed by Hamasaki Ayumi's voice, just because she's very nasal.
But then I remembered how much I like this mix. So, um, I think it's, um, Kanaria?
Mm-hmm.
So, um, yeah, that one. And it's one of the, uh, Iro tracks. I think.
Okay.
Alright, can't go wrong with IU Trance, or can you?
It is IU Trance, I'm sorry.
I gotta wonder if she has a new IU Trance, it's been a while since number 3.
There's a thing as high as you really deserve, I think.
We'll see.
I'll take CG Japan.
Alright, well let's see if this is worthy of a cage match win.
twin, it's Hamasaki Ayumi, or if you pronounce it the other way around, it's Ayumi Hamasaki,
with Kaneria. Enjoy!
Song number three, Ayumi Hamasaki, or Hamasaki Ayumi, however you prefer.
How old are you?
Umm...
Jamie.
I'm getting over my...
He's like a tramp, too.
He's a nine.
A nine from Dark Sakura.
I think Trance is good. I haven't listened to that in a long time.
Mainly because I treat my CDs like crap and I throw them behind my seat when I'm done listening to them.
And then I wonder why they're scratched and stuff like that.
So I give that an 8 because it's not one of my favorite songs on there, but it was still pretty good.
Alright, sounds good.
Arcadian, 42.
That's good, I'll give it an 8.
Angel
You know what it's been a while since we've had some of you trance and cage match and I think it's about time
So that's a good one. The only thing I can say about this one that I don't like is that the name?
I kind of yeah sounds like an STD
Otherwise, it's a good song
And also, I give it a nine her voice in that one sounded kind of whiny and actually sounds whiny it goes it goes with
the trance
her voice always sounds kind of white
i don't know it's just like
am above and beyond
i love that one
in fact i have that song burned again
on my latest cd and listen to my car
am above and beyond again
cause i love listening to that song
and then there was the other one
from monies religious
that one was pretty good too
i can't remember the name of it
that whole cd is sex honestly
uh you trans one
Anyway, let's let the chairman vote. Let's do a recap.
Alright, uh, you can place your vote right after this recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one, Dignity of Labor, XRV, Never Rock a Mix.
I'll decide when high above you angry shells begin to die
Life, life, giving you a helping hand
And song number three, Ayumi Hamasaki, Kanaraya.
Please vote now, send a private message to Skye, S-K-I-E.
That's me in the chatroom with your vote and I will tally them up and let you know who won.
So stay tuned to find out the winner. So please vote now
meantime
Loki I know there's no point in me asking you this anymore, but you know, I've got to ask
I feel like we owe it to the listeners. Is there any sim scene news this week?
There's only one thing think of the top of my head and it's just something that's been going on for a while, but
It's worth mentioning since you know, all the other websites that had links to them are gone
Um, on Aaron in Japan there's a forum, I can't remember the thread name for the life of me, something about like the sim files or whatever, the Aaron in Japan sim file thread or whatever, and there's a bunch of links to, um, people that do like sim file sets, you know, sort of like, they had one a while back that was, um, oh god, um, they're like just sets.
For example, they have like DDR Fever or whatever, and stuff like that, DDR Extreme, something,
but there's a lot of like new sim files on there that you could be listening to and playing
and stuff, and they're brand new, but the problem is, you know, since, you know, all
those websites went down that like DDR Maniacs and DDR UK that used to link to them, where
they'd be able to announce that stuff, you know, it's harder to find them now, so check
that out.
And once again, you know, my favorite thing to do, at least it used to be back in the
day when Bomani Sims was still around, is to go just do a simple search for like DDR
DWI or something, and you'd be surprised, you can find a whole lot of Japanese sim files
out there that you'll never play before, and they actually turn out to be sometimes better
than the US stuff.
Because trust me, I've listened to the newest, you know, Max remixes and stuff, for example
Rocko's Modern Paranoia and I have to say that it still sucks so I don't know
just check that stuff out there you can also find stuff I believe that of course
the DDR UK channel is still open on IRC and I'm sure all your official sim files
are still there and who knows maybe they even have like the new songs for the new
Ultramix pack but yeah so just go check those out just do some searching Google
is your friend all right sounds good this is worth mentioning too because
it's kind of I don't know it's kind of sim scene related it's it's it's another
DDR game born from I think sim scene the sim scene and that's that neon FM yeah
Yeah.
Launched a website this week.
Yes.
Uh, that was...
I think we mentioned it a while back.
We did, but...
I did mention it a while back.
It was, um, in the music production thread on Bamai Style, there was a group, a company
that was looking for artists to do music for a new dance game.
That is a new dance game, and...
But it's, it's, it's relevant again because it's, it's...
The web, the website launched and everything.
Um...
Anyways.
Um, so there was, yeah for example, um, there was, god uh, there was some of the people from, um, the DWI Palace, um, it's like Dave and DJ Slash I believe were those and they were actually, um, they're listed on there, DJ Potato's on there, Thomas Howard with, uh, what was it, the World's, um, I can't remember what the name was,
Wasn't there a song called, like, Girl's Butts or something like that in there?
No, it's not like that, but there's World's, like, Cure or World's something.
We played it a long-ass time ago, um, on the station, and it sucked.
And now that that song's gonna be on there, you've also got, um...
I thought Freezepop with, uh, Stake Out is in it, the song...
Jazakid is in there, that's kinda cool, and I wanna say that wasn't DM Asura on there, too?
I'm pretty sure he was.
I think so.
I heard a rumor, now maybe this is a rumor, I heard a rumor that Ashura was kind of pissed at the In The Groove folks because one of the songs takes a riff from him or something.
Yes, and it's that one that they actually have the videos for from In The Groove 2, it basically, um, it follows the same pattern as, like, um, well first off it rips off Max, and then you also have, it rips off, uh, Neo Max, you know, with the piano slowdown type of thing.
Um, so you've got that on there, and he's just kind of pissed off at that. To be honest, I would like to see this Neon FM, or whatever it is, Neon, whatever it is, come out and kick ass. But it looks a little weird, I think, from what I've seen. Isn't it like, uh, it's like five...
It's a five panel layout, and it's laid out like five key beat mania, which I think is very odd.
Yeah. So, I don't know.
But odd in a good way. Like, I want to try it. It seems different. It's a different way to have it laid out, and it sounds like fun. I mean, it's feet mania.
I don't know if you remember, way back in the day, there was the humongous five-key controller.
I remember this, didn't somebody do one? Yeah.
That was a big joke. Didn't we set it up one time at some Bimani party where we
went into the key config and we changed all the keys for B-Media so we could play it with our feet
on the dance pad? Yeah. But, um, but no, this was like a joke that was on like
not, it was like two DDR Freak boards ago.
A joke that was going around.
I think back on the green board.
I think so. I think you're right.
It's that old.
But what I can like about this game, and this is interesting because, you know, here we go, I just talked about this whole, you know, In The Groove is invading on DDR face.
But what I like about this Neon FM, they're going to have to do a new cabinet because it's a new dance layout.
And it's a new dance layout. The game looks a lot different because of it.
I'm kind of curious to see what it becomes of this game.
I can appreciate this game over in the group, because it's not trying to be a DDR, it's trying to be a dance game.
Yeah, I give props to this game. Even though the song list is kinda weird, at least it has freeze-pop, and that's cool. So, I'm cool with this so far.
Yeah, so I mean, at least they're getting talented people to make the music. No offense to the group people, but I mean, there's a lot of talented, you know, Bomani fan people out there that are making music.
I think it stands a pretty good chance. The layout's a little weird, but you know, I've got to try it before I can actually pass judgment on it.
We'll see, huh?
It still looks funky. It kind of reminds me almost like Steppin' Music, but Steppin' Music's more like, you know, Spider Stomp.
God, Spider Stomp. That game's fun.
Our first arcade dancing experience. Stepping on those big shiny buttons.
God, I remember freestyling Spider Stomp at the Vacaville, er, not Vacaville, the Dublin, like, Qsar.
Because there was no DDR there, so I had to play something.
Alright, we're gonna go to a break. Uh, when we come back from the break, I'm gonna announce the winner of the Orange Laundromat cage match, and we gotta get into the FUs of the week!
Gonna be awesome.
Um, in this break, um, I don't know, how about, um, how about Feelings Won't Fade? I haven't played that song in a while. Since we heard a System F remix, let's hear a song by System SF.
I fucking hate System SF because they rip off System F. God damn it, that guy, you know, was one of the founders of, like, modern trance nowadays, and it really pisses me off that they rip off his style and his song!
Well, we're gonna hear this song anyway, because I like this song.
Okay, fine.
We'll be back after this with the cage match winner, the FUs of the week, and more!
We'll be back orange launch radio
I think you made the world a better place
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Thanks for watching!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
I need your love in every way And I feel this every day
Cause I have too many tears To fall in love again
Now I am walking around In this side of the town
I just can't hide away How can I look in your eyes
When I feel I could die I have to run away
Da dee dee dum, da dee dum Ga dee dum, da dee dum
Na dee dee dum, da dee dum Ga dee dum, da dee dum
I'm falling in love again
I'm falling in love again
I'm falling in love
Bye bye baby balloon, bye bye baby balloon
Bitch, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio
Hi, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we're gonna get into the cage match, or no, we already did the cage match, we're gonna get into the cage match, Victor!
Cage match two, woo!
Yes, it's KageMax2 in a brand new cabinet and a red interface!
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
It's now in widescreen, though.
I'm talking about it till we're red in the face.
See, that's the thing that I also-
Yeah, because you scream till you're red in the face, you and Loki.
That's the thing that's also going to suck about that new cabinet that, um, is going to be put in the groove, too. Widescreen.
Yay, you know how expensive those widescreens are.
Alright, Chara wants to know the songs from that break, because I guess there were some good ones in there.
There were good songs, I guess. There were good songs in there.
System SF, Feelings Won't Fade, starting it off.
After that, Midi Head, our buddy Midi Head, with In My Eyes, the Midi Head remix from Ultra Mix 2.
After that, John Robinson with Kekak, from 2DX Red, that's K-E-C-A-K.
And lastly, Joga, with Dam Daryam.
Kit-Kat?
Kekak!
Sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball.
No, a cat coughing up a hairball is this.
That's right, you would have experience with cats and them coughing up hairballs.
Anyway.
Let's hear who won tonight's cage match, shall we?
We have a new cage match winner, Ayumi Hamasaki, with the STD song, when I say it in my white
accent, Conorrhea.
You know they have cream for that.
can you read it? It looks like Conneria. Alright, so there it is. Song number three, your winner
tonight. One vote over song number one. It was a very close Cade match altogether. Alright,
we are going to get into one of our favorite segments. I know it's one of my favorite segments.
It's the FUs of the Week, boys and girls. And Jamie, why is it that we have to do these
these FUs of the week every single week.
A big SQ to my immune system for being a bitch.
Um...
Yeah, the virus lingered.
I was feeling kind of icky poo last week, but not as bad as I was before it was hanging
on.
And then I thought my allergies were kicking up, I was like, oh great, I get over running
103 fever to, you know, having the allergies flare up, then to have it settle into a cough
on Friday, and then having this doctor, one of the weekend doctors at Kaiser who saw me
for 10 minutes, said, it's the same crap you had before here, take this stuff with Cody
in it and don't drive which I have been cuz Cody doesn't do shit to me it takes
a lot of it and then I act drunk that's all it is so f you to dr. Hwang f you to
wanting ice cream really bad and not being able to have it because dairy
products thick and mucus and I know it's really disgusting but it's been to the
point where I've woken up, I wake up sometimes in the morning choking and
then having major chest pains it feels like I've got asthma actually what it
feels like for it feels like okay for people who are not of strong
cardiovascular health try to run for a minute at five miles an hour and then
the way that your chest feels that's how I feel all the time a big f you goes to
having my voice go in and out by tomorrow I'm sure I won't have one which
is good because if people try to talk to me I just go, I can't talk, bye, really you know a big
F you to situations I can't do crap about as much as I would like to and
then an F you to to the person who is still getting me on the way here I
I really felt like throwing all my brakes, but my car's in bad enough shape as it is.
And F.U. to the hot coming.
I was, you know, thinking it was pretty cool that it was all wintery and, you know, the temperature was nice outside.
And then it gets, like, warm. It's supposed to be 74 degrees tomorrow.
Fuck that. I want it to stay in the 50s. I want it cold, because my AC doesn't work.
That's it.
Oh yeah? And F you to Jinpachi Mishima for being a tough ass bastard to beat.
now forbids it. Because I'm meddling. Aww, no more portal to hell? And we find out what
happens to people who meddle, they get their bones broken in their entire body, and then
thrown off a building by three evil spirits. Oh, gave away the end. Damn. Okay. Anyways,
and um, then fuck you to um, the guy game. Why? Because the guy game for some reason freezes
up whenever I try to do tier 3 and now I can't progress any further and unlock any other
women or see more boobies because I'm stuck now because it will not load tier 3. God damn
it, that sucks. Did you ever think maybe that could be remedied by buying a legit copy of
the game oh too bad they don't tell it oh well damn no what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna find a save file for it that's everything unlocked and then I'll just
build bypass all that and then also fuck you to this woman we spoke to at the
hazelwood apartment she was talking to us like that we were
retarded, talking very slowly, and in a southern accent, and I just wanted to smack her. I'm
so busy right now. Fucking hate him. And finally, fuck you to the reanimated head of Walt Disney
for eating all those Cuban children. What did they ever do to you?
Okay, I guess it's my turn.
Eff you to the fact that I'm so sore today because I slept on that mattress,
or that fold-out bed last night. I should have just let the two guys who wanted to
make out all night long sleep on the
things they could have that and I should have taken a nice fluffy mattress that
was on the ground but I was kinda stupid
and I just took the first comfy thing that looked available but I'm very
thankful to the person who let us stay there so I can't really bitch too much but F you to
pain it hurts it hurts so bad
but thank you to drugs because I'm taking
Tylenol to help make the pain go away so I'm very thankful to that
F you to the guy wearing the shirt that said they were against gay fraternities.
What did gay fraternities ever do to you?
Did they... I don't... I don't even want to know what they... just don't even...
Let people do what they want. God, get your nose out of their business.
Um, and then, um...
An F you to the fact that, um...
I also want ice cream, but I'm just too lazy to go get it.
Ooh, I might- okay, cool.
Alright.
That's it for my FUs. We'll be back, uh, with the chatroom FUs right after we get to Angel and Arcadian's FUs.
Let's start with Angel.
I've been to myself for having, like, this weird-ass dream last night and, like, waking myself up, uh, three hours after I went to bed.
And then I had to like, I don't know, calm myself back down and go back over and go to bed. That was just fucked up.
Um, I have to thank myself again for realizing that, oh, I need to update my video drivers for Final Fantasy VII.
But that's okay because I need to reinstall the damn thing anyway now.
So that kind of sucks. Um, other than that, nothing else really.
I'm pretty boring, as usual, and yeah, you don't need to hear me anymore. Goodbye!
Fuck you to the creeping, broke crud that I've had just now going away after several weeks.
Fuck you to Shostakovich being so far away. It was necessitating a two-hour drive up the mountain that I did today.
I got to see some mysterious white substance that was on the ground in many places.
Uh, that was...
Oh yes, there was crack all over the ground, changing the sky.
Yay, crack from the sky.
It's God's crack.
And then, fuck you to car lights at night, like, blinding me,
and my fucking windows were always getting all crud on them, blinding me and all that kind of shit.
Jamie made a funny don't don't pay attention or you think that God has dermatitis of the ass
Just don't listen don't listen to us Arcadian, I'm sorry
All right
one more real quick fuck you to
Explicit for not picking up his yes. We do have a policy that if it's not picked up within a month it becomes ours
dark knight
would like jamie to know that jim pachi is a hard ass bastard
he agrees with you there
fuck yeah
i hate him
dark knight also says
that's not a nice thing to say to dark knight
dark knight's a nice guy
no i like dark knight
dark knight's my buddy
i'm talking about jim pachi
with his
with his
You know why the mouth is on his stomach?
It's his cheap-ass fireball, isn't it? I fucking hate that.
You know why the mouth is on his stomach?
His mouth is on his stomach.
Because your soul is stored in your belly.
I've got a lot of soul in me, then.
Remember Bishamon and Darkstalkers?
He was like that, too.
I need to lose some soul, if that's the case.
But he's possessed, so the possession is on his tummy.
Like Bishamon and Darkstalkers.
Sure, he just didn't have, like, a really bad taco or anything in, like, Taco Bell.
And sometimes my stomach feels like that after a night at Taco Bell.
He ate it, Jim Boys.
It's like my stomach suddenly becomes the grudge.
Ahhhh.
Alright, Dark Knight says,
F you to the many evil corporations in the US that treat its employees like s***.
Quote the raven. Nevermore.
Dork says, F you to this damn bitch at work for saying she'll get me fired.
One, I could give a s*** if I lose this job or not.
And two, why the fuck are you gonna complain to my boss about me telling you the truth?
If you can't handle the truth, don't fucking ask.
And again, F you to girls.
Yeah, well F you back, buddy.
I'm kidding.
Asian buddy Paul says, F you to my Spanish 3 class.
If I do any more Spanish, I'll no longer be allowed to check the Asian Pacific Islander
box on applications.
Vandalus says, F you to California's real estate prices.
Oh God, yes.
And F you to Nashville for showing me
that a lavish house in acreage
doesn't have to cost over 700K.
I feel sad.
Big Super SSJ 100 F you.
This is coming from SSJ 100 Matt.
To Destination TV for screwing me out of an internship
and trying to use me to steal equipment
from my film school and using me for slave labor.
F you to Mesa Golf Land, BeatMania 2DX players
Danbury, Connecticut DDR players for being hissy fit people who don't like people lesser
than them.
That's quite a big scope of the country there.
Sephiroth1215 says, F you to the stupid people who think they are so good at DDR because
they can do 1 10 even though all they can play on 1.5 and they won't let anyone they
don't know play.
You know if you can beat bag on 3 speed that's really only like a 9 that's not a 10.
DJ Rom S says F you to people who don't know how to use iPods
RTFM read the fucking manual first before you return the pod you ass
And F you to Best Buy for not giving recognition to us grunts in the Geek Squad
We fix computers, check TVs, do customer service
We want some props too
Ugh, you know I saw, actually I was driving down the road the other day and I saw one of those Geek Squad cars
And that just made me laugh, I'm like that's such a sitcom waiting to happen
happen? What's sad enough is I'd be doing that if I was actually accredited. Okay, I
think I only got like half of Illusions. Buffett was like, my friend and I go to IHOP anyway,
half an hour late, my friend isn't there, I call my friend and he says to my friend
Esteban, we're gonna be coming back to IHOP so we just eat at IHOP and wait for him. We
We eat our meals and after the meal my coupon doesn't work, the coupon giving me a free
meal because I bought appetizers.
I didn't bring that much money so I'm totally scrounging for change.
There goes most of my money.
We walk to Shakey's and this crazy guy comes off the freeway, scares us and we run for
our lives as he chases after us.
We get to Shakey's and after all that crap I find that they had just taken the DDR machine
out and my friend had waited around for us an hour and a half, thus making it the worst
weekend ever.
you get a job and work full-time then every weekend's the worst weekend ever
now okay our RPG King 7 says f you to being unemployed it really sucks and
I've tried everywhere in my town in the next two towns over and no jobs
unemployment sucks John Field says f you to my grandfather dying crying f you to
my laziness this week when I have a paper due this Tuesday that grandfather
F.U. goes to cancer. Sorry to hear about it, but hope things are okay. And that's it, that
was the last F.U. Thank you to the chat room for playing along with the F.U.s of the week.
That's always fun. Alright, we're going to do a quick two-song break, then we're going
to come back to wrap stuff up here on Orange Lounge Radio. In this break, I'm liking the
UltraMix 2 thing, so we're going to do a song from UltraMix 2, and maybe an older one from
from Ultramix One. How's that sound? So we will be back after this. I just have to figure
out what song we're going to do first. When we come back, we're going to wrap it up, tell
you guys what to look forward to next week, and all that fun stuff. However, I have to
be able to successfully navigate my computer before we can get to a break. I'm a folder
challenge tonight apparently. Rob loses at the computer. I totally lose. Let's do, let's
do a max remix because we haven't done one of those in a while. We'll be back after this.
Do you ever question your life?
Do you ever wonder why?
Do you ever see in your dreams?
Oh, the candle in the sky
Oh, tell me why
Do we build castles in the sky or tell me why?
All the castles way up high, please tell me why
Do we build castles in the sky or tell me why?
All the castle's way up high
So that's why the orange patch, this TDR sucks!
Holla!
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, and you know what? It's about time to wrap stuff up.
I can't believe it already.
They need to come back on the show.
I know. We need to get some more guests on the show. We're gonna have to go around. You
know, there's some fun stuff coming up that you can be expecting soon here on Orange Lounge
Radio. Oh, excuse me. There's a big tournament, the March Madness tournament coming up, and
And I haven't been to a DDR tournament in a while, so definitely I'm going to check
that out.
That's going on in the Bay Area, so look for us there.
And also, Wreck-a-Con, I'm going to try and make it out there if I can, because I do want
to support that, so we'll be out there, hopefully.
That happens in, what, two weeks, Angel?
Two weeks.
So I'm going to try and be out there, and, um...
I'll cosplay if I can get a purple wig and duct tape.
What are you going to cosplay as?
Biking.
I need a purple wig and duct tape.
I want to cosplay as something, but it has to be easy.
I want to cosplay, if I were to cosplay at all,
Dr. Cube. Oh, that would rock!
It would so rock! Maybe. I actually found my Jill costume.
But my, um, one of my costumes is now retired because it is
four sizes too big. Wow, well hey,
that's the best reason to retire something. Although I do still have my Emmy costume.
Here you go. I have the wig, I have everything. I should cosplay as Pantsless Rage.
You know, I just, I had a vest for a rage costume and I just threw it out.
Aww, that's right.
It would have hit you.
Oh well.
Um, anyway, so we got that coming up in future weeks on the show.
Don't forget to check out our podcast, www.orangewise.com, click on podcasts.
It's us talking about other types of games, not just the Bomani games.
It's pretty cool.
And what's very interesting is that we thought we were going to be famous
because we actually got contacted by a reporter for a pretty big newspaper in the area.
in the area about the podcast but we haven't heard anything back so I'm
hoping that's still gonna happen but we're not sure now so keep your fingers
crossed for us guys I'm sure they're busy with other things I know war going on and
you know things like that so oh well so keep supporting our podcast our
podcast has been doing very well we're very happy about that so that's gonna
continue to grow and just be something else here at orange I wanted to go to
to like, Phantom of Khan, but it's so close to E3. It's like, I think that like, you know,
previous, you know, two years ago is like the last time that I've gone, and I think
that's probably the last time I will go. I still want to go pretty bad too, even. I found
my photos from front of me. Even though E3 is right there, I still want to go. The only
reason that I go to those things anymore is just Studio sudoke. I fucking love Redeath,
Fanboy Bebop and Nescaflownate, that is the reason why I go to Fanime right there, so.
But it'd be fun. And besides, the dealer's room calls to me, and, that calls to my wallet,
and, it, you know, I buy Gundam models there every time and I still have three that I haven't
built yet, and I really, you know, I can't afford it.
Alright, we gotta wrap it up, guys. It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought, starting off with Angel.
Damn this level on WarioWare Touched. Final Fantasy? Wait, what the hell was I trying to say there?
Addict Arcadian. Final thought.
It's good to see the mountains again.
Loki, your final thought.
I'm tired, and god damn it, that bag of gummy bears is gonna be gone... pretty soon.
Ooh, we gotta do that again!
Check that out, but there are, I think there's pictures from the Peep Joust.
Um, not only on OrangeOnsRadio.com, but I know that Rice Princess put some in the new Orange Ons Radio Club at OneJoust2.
Coming soon!
Peep Joust 2!
And this time, it's all about, we're gonna get the Peeps and the bunnies and everything.
Ooh.
You know what I could do, maybe, Rob?
What?
We could maybe hook this up to where we could set it up, where we could take the webcam and record it.
That'd be awesome.
And get like a video clip of it.
Awesome.
Coming soon to Orange Lounge Radio.
Last word of tonight's show.
Dark Sacra, why not?
What's tonight's last word?
See you next week everybody.
Thanks for listening.
Viral.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Check, one, one, two I came into this world as a reject
Look into these eyes, then you'll see the size of these flames
Dwelling on the past, past, burning up my brain, hot
Everyone that burns has to learn from the pain
Hey, I think about the day my girlie ran away with my pay
When fellas come to play
Now she's stuck with my homies that she fucked
And I'm just a sucker with a lump in my throat
Like a chump, hey, like a chump, hey
Like a chump, hey
I did it all for the nookie, come on, the nookie, come on!
So you can save that cookie and stick it up your yeah, stick it up your yeah, stick it up your yeah!
Give me somethin' to praise!
It's just one of those days when you don't wanna wake up
Everything is fucked, everybody sucks You don't really know why, but you wanna justify
And if you're stuck up, you just worked up Next in line to get fucked up
Your best bet is to stay away, motherfucker
It's just one of those days
It's all about the he says, she says, oh shit
I think you better quit letting shit slip
Or you'll be leaving the station with a bad lip
I think you better quit talking that shit
So come and get it
I feel like shit, huh?
My suggestion is to keep your distance
Cause right now, I'm dangerous
We've all felt like shit and been treated like shit, right ladies and gentlemen?
All those motherfuckers, they wanna step up
I hope you know
I pack a chainsaw
I'll skin your ass raw
And if my day keeps going this way
I just might break your fuckin' face tonight!
Blue Fisk and Doo-Doo, won't you take me home?
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
So long, farewell.
