far too easily
leave your tears cause I will come back
I could hear that you whispered as you walked through that door
but still I swore to hide the pain
when I turned back the pages
shouting might have been the answer
What if I cried my eyes out and begged you not to report?
But now I'm not afraid to say what's in my heart
So if I and I have never been sober
They'll fly to you, crossing over with time
And this is holding you, suspended on silver wings
And a thousand words, one thousand confessions
Will cradle you, making all of the pain
You'll still stay far away
They'll hold you forever
The dream isn't over yet Though I often say I can't forget
I still relive that day, you've been there with me all the way
I still hear you say, wait for me I'll write you letters
I could see how you stared with your eyes to the floor
But still I swore to hide the doubt
When I turned back the pages
Anger might have been the answer
What if I'd hung my head and said that I couldn't wait
But now I'm strong enough to know it's not too late
Cause a thousand birds call out to the ages
They'll fly to you even though I can't see
I know they're reaching you
Suspended or sealed away
Oh a thousand words, a thousand embraces
Will create a youth
Making all of your weary days seem far away
They'll hold you forever
Oh, a thousand, a thousand, have never been stolen
A thousand, a thousand, will carry you home
Oh, yeah
The carry on
Carry on
And I can hold my arm
Suspended on two away
I'll sail away
In a thousand moons
All out through the ages
All through the ages
Of great joy
Lord of the lonely
It's your only day
Holy day
I'll hold you forever
Ohh
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
lounge radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh god!
Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...mukake.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 137 for this March the 27th, 2005, yes it's Easter Sunday today.
We are still live though, you'd think we'd have somewhere better to be like church or
something, but no we're here to provide you with three hours of entertainment on this
lovely evening.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, my awesome, awesome co-host in this corner, the happiest bunny
on the farm, say hello to Miss Jamie Sommers, you know her better as Stark, Sakura.
Yeah, this is actually supposed to be a pagan fertility holiday, but oh well, blame, blame
uh, those people in Italy.
Yes, Dark Sakura by the way, she is, she is kind of the mother of the program, and she
is, she, she'll just tell it to you like it is, honestly, but she does it because she
loves you.
Don't let the attitude fool you.
Don't say the M word.
Look, some friends of mine and Dan brought their baby to our brunch.
I need a hysterectomy.
Okay, the motherly, or the mother-ish?
I don't know.
I tried to say nice things for once, and I get shot down. Alright.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Massa, or tonight he's Lego Massa. Loki!
Hi, I
You know, I've got to ask what you're building, but we'll talk about it. Well when we come back. Yeah, okay
Okay, are you doing on the cam though? So they can see the camera now? Well right now
I'm trying to make the mess. Oh another one of those and
I've been looking for this one piece and he's hunting right now ten gallons of Legos and honestly
Finding four pieces and ten gallons is like a needle in a haystack
I found three of the four needles, so I just need to find the last one.
Can you find the marble and the oatmeal?
Say hello as well to our regular guest.
I can't say special guest, because damn, she's been here for the past eight weeks.
She's a regular guest now. DDR Angel.
Hello.
How you doing, Angel?
Pretty good. It's wet outside.
Yes, it's raining here in lovely Sacramento where we based this show.
this show, but as Jamie said to me last week, you call that a storm? Weatherwimp!
Yeah. Hey, you know, all I said was it was raining outside. That was it. I didn't say
it was horrible. It's just wet. Alright. It is wet, but anyway. Uh, we're high and dry
in here and we've got plenty of stuff to talk about tonight. We've got, uh, some general
video gaming news. Of course, your favorite segments. How was your week? How was your
We're doing a giveaway tonight. We're going to give away some stuff to a lucky listener, so you're definitely going to want to be in on this and you can win a prize.
And that prize is not a 10 gallon of Legos.
No, it's not 10 gallons of Legos. It's something people might actually want.
And we're having another guest who's currently on his way with something neat.
Pie?
No, dammit. Can't eat this though.
Yes, your fiancé is on his way, yes?
Yes, with a something.
I'm excited about this. We'll have to talk about this.
It's his new appendage dammit.
except this is not for giving away yeah hell no all right was that the door I'm
oh it's probably the Legos screwing with me I don't know anyway we'll get to it
right after a quick break featuring some music this first break from 2dx night
style brand new game we talked about it a little bit last week but I think a lot
more people are starting to actually get into it and play it this week so we're
going to celebrate a little bit by playing some music from 9th style we
will tonight during the show not this break but a little later on play the
brand-new consumer tracks we're going to premiere those here on Orange Lounge
radio and I understand we may have some new listeners tonight so hello to you
new listeners and we'll tell you why that's happening why we are expecting an
increase of visibility if you haven't already heard very strange news it's
exciting but it's strange things are afoot at Circle K slash OLR Studios so
we'll talk about that when we come back we should broadcast from the Circle K
let's be alive from Circle K and I'm not even supposed to be here today all right
we'll be back after this we're gonna start it off with some RAM with act we'll
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, join our chat room, www.orangelaunchradio.com.
Click on Chat.
You
Thank you very much.
?
?
?
?
?
You
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know.
Can I please have your first name only and your birth date, please?
Uh...
Well, no, I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not, but what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Zakra?
Hi, dear, how are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Skye?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember
the pill, all right?
I'm seeing some forgetting, possibly.
And I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
Right, okay, well thanks for being on Orange Lounge Radio today.
I don't mean to sidetrack your question here, but
who are all of these nosy people, outside influences I'm seeing around you by the
moon card get away from me orange lounge radio helping to free your mind and
spirit I'm miss Cleo I love you we are back here on orange lounge radio live on
this Easter Sunday March 27 2005 happy Easter to those you guys out there who
celebrate it those you that don't happy Sunday hope you got candy anyway we're
here doing our thing here on orange launch radio hello to anybody who might
be new to our program as I understand it we may have some new people listening us
to us tonight as they might be for the next few weeks if for those of you guys
who haven't heard yet check this out we posted the news over on www.orange
launch radio.com you may remember a couple weeks ago we were saying ah life
Live 365 is doing this thing where they're going to, Live 365 of course being the site
that our program is hosted through, they're doing this thing where they're going to nominate
people to get awards, and we did it last year, we went to the awards ceremony because we
were actually nominated last year by the listeners for station, what is the station least likely
to hear on AM FM radio.
So we went to the ceremony, and we lost, to the, what was it, the station that played
porn music all day, which certainly is- Yeah, it was the porn station.
something you wouldn't hear on AM-FM radio all day, so it makes sense. So there was them.
So this year, we got nominated for that award again, thanks to our listeners. Well, guess
what? We also got nominated, I don't know how this happened, but we got nominated Broadcaster
of the Year. Us, Orange Lawns Radio. And we have our personal ninja to thank for that.
This little dorky station dedicated to video games, half the people on Live 365 probably
don't even I would know three-quarters of the people on my 365 probably don't
even know what DDR or bimani is DDR is the type of RAM that's what yeah that's
what most people think of when they think of DDR they don't think of dance
dance revolution but somehow and I know how it's our listeners it's our awesome
listeners helped us out with this and thank you guys so much for taking the
time to go in and nominate us somehow we got noticed and qualified for this award
so we're excited as hell. So we're definitely going to the awards ceremony again. If you
guys want to attend, we're going to post the information on our website. There were not
a whole lot of fans last year of stations, so I think if we were not only to go ourselves
but to get other people like a whole little entourage to be coming to the awards ceremony
too, that would kick butt. So you can come to the awards ceremony and you can watch Dark
Sakura and I drink like we did last year so it'll be fun. I need to just start
doing vodka shots that way I'll be able to stay coherent longer. Yeah so actually
we had a good time the award show last year so I'm looking forward to doing it
again. We're certainly not expecting anything. We're nominated against some
pretty powerhouse stations and broadcaster of the year. Just some really
good stuff, some well-respected folks in the community, some good I think there's
like a really popular rock station and a couple regular radio stations that went
to the internet and I think there's an oldie station as well all really great
stations so we're just like shocked that we're even in that category to take this
station about video games and put it amongst these other four really really
great stations it's just like damn we win the internet we totally just wanted
the internet this week so we're very excited so thank you guys so much for
your help of course if you want to vote for us hey we would love it so check it
it out, there's a link on our website www.orangetonstray.com, there's a link there where you can go and
you can vote not only for the Broadcaster of the Year, but also most likely not to hear
on AMFM radio. And I think we're up against the Pokemon radio and I don't know, there
was a bunch of others. The Pokemon one sticks out of my mind because I've played Pokemon
and I have Pikachu dolls up here, so. Anyway, that's kind of fun. So hello to those of you
guys who are new to the station. Hope you enjoy it. This is the live three hour show
we do every Sunday night where we talk about not just music video games but really over
the past two and a half years we've been doing it. It's just mutated into a show where we're
just kind of sitting around a bunch of geeks that are into video games just talking about
what's up. So we always start off the show by doing a little segment called How Was Your
Week? How Was Your Day? Where we answer that question. What's up? What's going on? So we'll
start off with the lovely Dark Sakura. What's up? My week, wow. Well, there wasn't
really too much going on. I did a lot of exercise because I'm training for the
Mud Run. I'm working out with Iguana Girl four to five times a week now. Now, what
is the Mud Run, for those who don't know? The Mud Run, and I'll see if I can't post
something in the chat room, like a map of it. It's a military obstacle course by
Marines every year and the Marines do a five-mile obstacle course first and then
it's up at the civilians. They've opened up a two-mile course which is just twice
around the course. So that's what we're gonna do. It'll be pretty fun, you know, climbing over hay bales and scaling walls and swimming through a mud trench.
Does the winner of this mud run, do they win immunity?
however you do get a trophy and it's a you know how they do the no bags of rice
or fire for this one okay you know when a phone call home or you know a chance
to go out on the boat all right well that's cool good luck with that take
pictures we want to see like because we need to get bio pictures for the website
so we want to see a picture of you after this thing is over just looking like hell
I'll give you a picture of Bio.
You guys have to come. Yeah, you guys have to come watch.
We'll watch, but...
See, this is the ironic thing that DarkSakura, you know, she may sound like, you know, she's nice and sweet and all that, but damn, she's the toughest one here.
I'm a big chicken. I could never do that mud run, so...
I have chocolate.
See, I'm cheating like hell today, because we went to Marie Callender's for their brunch, like we do with a group of friends of mine every year.
There's some stupid drama going on now, so one person and then several more people didn't come, because one other person was going to be there.
And then some friends of ours brought their baby, which convinced me never to know.
Uh oh, I'll talk up.
Alright.
Um, Thursday Dan brought home his new appendage.
Which is?
The PSP.
Oh, I want a PSP so bad, I hate being poor.
I was really down on the PSP for a while, but now I'm really into it, because it's got that nice, wide screen on it.
The games look so much better. Basically, you're carrying around the PS2, whereas with the DS, you're carrying around an N64.
You know, I really think that Sony took advantage of...
Well, actually, I've heard that the PSP is about the equivalent of Dreamcast power, as far as 3D's concerned.
learned? You haven't played Ridge Racer then? But the games, whatever the hardware is it
runs on, the games look pretty. I did check this out because I was over at your house
on Thursday as well, and I was checking it out, they were playing Ridge Racer, and dang,
that game was pretty. Like, it was so much better looking than I remember the PSP from
E3 last year, so that was pretty cool to see. It was, oh, why thank you. It was very cool.
I am very pleased with it. I played Darkstalkers. My one complaint is that it hurts my left
hand when I play. Because that was on Darkstalkers. The analog button is so awesome on that one.
Did you notice that I happened to notice that on the bottom left there was this little circle?
I was too entranced looking at the visuals on the screen. I had no time to look at the
actual system. So I was looking at it going, what's that? And you guys were like, it's
your analog stick it was really cool at any rate we've been we have five games
for it we have wipeout pure we have Metal Gear Solid Acid which is a strategy
game so I'm like on it Ridge Racer that puzzle game was it called I want that
Lou mines game how is that did you play that at all oh I've heard Lou mines
something that like if you're into the music video games you know because it's
by the guy who did what rez and all that stuff if you like music video games I
hear Lou mines is just the poo well I I really though I've me I'm a fighting
game that I had to play dark soccer so it was really awesome and the sound is
really good on that thing too it doesn't sound all tinny like some things do well
Oh, I should hope so with Sony putting it out and everything.
Well, um, we also, though, found a web page.
Can't hear you, hon.
We also found something on a web page.
Well, Dan found this.
Where someone used Wipeout Pure, because there's
a way you get onto, like, their website or something.
But the website wouldn't load, and someone actually
used it to get onto, uh, um.
Hackaday and Slashdot.
Yeah.
Yes, they found a way to actually use the Wipeout
website as a proxy for, um, getting on the internet. Now I've heard that, actually, one
big popular thing going on on the PSP right now is loading pornography on the memory sticks,
so you can have video with you to go, and of course people go straight for porn.
Well, um, they actually, we actually were looking for a one gigabyte, um, memory stick,
but they didn't have them anywhere where we went. GameStop is supposed to be carrying
them soon.
I want, if I were to get that, the first thing I'd load on would not be porn, it'd be robot
chicken.
We put like some video game trailers and stuff on it.
And Dan of course had to have some songs on there.
Like the two songs he really likes in 2DX.
Which is the one from Gradius 2, Burning Heat, and Twinbee.
And then I played a whole crap load of Silent Hill 3 yesterday.
So probably next week.
I cheated so bad.
Right on.
And then we went to the brunch today and I got my graphics tablet yesterday too.
I have a Wacom Intuos, I think it's gorgeous, and it's so lightweight and it's like the
perfect thing because I can sit back, you know, with sort of half in my lap and half
hanging on my keyboard desk and I can just draw it's awesome so I'm trying to
practice how to ink a little bit and then I sort of feel like I've been
hanging you know hiding out under a rock for the past three years but I have
finally dawned on the universe you know discovered the universe of gorillas
fandom and I've gone completely bonkers. Are you talking about gorillas in the mist or
No, like the band.
Alright, anything else you want to share about your week?
I want pizza.
Alright, eat that pizza.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Uh, my week was okay.
Alright, first, wait a minute, first off, I hate to cut you off, but first off, tell us what the hell you're building over there with the Legos.
Which, by the way, you can see on camera right now, www.orangelsradio.com
Uh, well I haven't built anything yet, because I was trying to find this goddamn piece, and I cannot find it for the life of me, I have like eight of them, and I only found three.
three. And I need four. But, because I'm smart, I'll make it work. So, um, now what I'm building
is, and you can find the link to this on our website, because I posted it there. It's a
Nintendo DS charging dock. And it holds games and whatnot. And there's a link to the instructions
on our website. Just check it out. Um, www.orangelandtraded.com. And this was posted on a bunch of different
ahead. This guy made it. And it's pretty nifty. So wait, is it like with the iPod, how you
have those little chargers? It's supposed to emulate that, but for a DS? Sort of. Basically,
the charging cord or whatever, it just sits there and you set the DS right on top of it
and away you go. And it has spots for games and stuff. So I thought, because I saw the
charger over there sitting there, I was like, you know, that'd be pretty cool to put one
over there and just set her DS on it. So yeah, that's what I'm building right now. God, this
my hat's hot. Put this on my head. Anyways, so, yeah, that's what I did. And then throughout
this week, I was supposed to hear about my job, whether I got the new one or not, and
they didn't let me know because they're retarded. So, I got to wait until next week. But I'm
sure I got it. Everyone's telling me that I have it, so I guess I have it. And for those
of you who haven't been listening, it's a game sales position at our company. Our company
is actually a video distributor and now we're going to be selling games because we bought
a game company. So that'll be fun. And so that's what's going on there. Just been, you
know, getting ready to move and stuff. Playing a lot of games. I spent way too much money
on games this week. I've been playing a lot of God of War and some of this, I mentioned
it last week, the Dog's Life where you can eat poop and throw it and stuff.
That's lovely.
That's all dogs do.
Well, I also got Gran Turismo 4, which I just remembered after I purchased Gran Turismo 4.
You know what? I didn't play much of Gran Turismo 1 when I bought it.
And guess what? I haven't played much of Gran Turismo 4 when I bought it.
I have a remedy for you.
What?
Let me bring over the Logitech wheel.
Maybe.
And then I also got TimeSplitters 3, because I have all three TimeSplitters games now.
and, you know, you gotta love a game where you can actually drive a cat. So, um, I love
TimeSplitters. 150 unlockable characters. I gotta, gotta love that game. It's just so
much fun. I don't know. It's really, I think people don't really look at it as a very good,
I mean, it's like a shooter. Everyone's always looking at Halo. But the best thing about
this, it's actually an online game for the PS2. So I'm, gotta try the online mode with
that it'd be interesting so that's what I've been doing pretty much yeah all
right sounds good oh and lots of Final Fantasy level my black
major 56 congratulations all right my week in my day let's see not a whole lot
because we're looking for the new orange lounge studio right now at least the one
that's gonna you know hold us over the next phase of orange lounge because as
you know Loki and I live together and that's where we do this show right now
out of this house however we're moving out at the end of April so we've put in
a bit at a place and we're hoping that'll happen because if that works
orange lounge will have its own room we're gonna have it kind of like the
very first studio was it was his own room so that's gonna be very nice so I'm
really hoping that happens also this week I went to a party last night and it
was kind of one of those nerd parties although it was kind of sad because I
brought my DS because I thought hey it's a nerd party so I'm gonna take my DS and
we'll be able to do some wireless I was the only person there that brought a DS
and then they were making fun of my carrying case which is yes the same one
you bought me DDR Angel um they're making fun of the carrying case because
they said it looked like a makeup case so I was you know just messing around
and I would open up the case like pretend it was a makeup case and I take
out the stylus and pretend to be painting my eyelashes with it so I don't
know I guess it's something you have to see which doesn't work on radio the
highlight of the week was watching America's top model yes the highlight of
of my week was for the first time, I can't believe I've been missing this gem of a show
on UPN, America's Next Top Model. It's just a bunch of bitches fighting with each other.
It's so awesome.
But you've got to love a show that next week has flesh-eating viruses in it.
Yes, yes.
You've got to love that.
Seriously, I know there's a lot of hatred for reality TV out there, but damn is it entertaining.
And it's certainly more entertaining than turning on the news and hearing about that,
you know woman in Florida for the gazillion time I'm so over her. I forgot to mention
earlier I got some new movies and I think I should mention it to Rob. We watched this
one called Red Silk or whatever and it was the weirdest movie I've ever seen where these
women were naked like the entire time and they were old and nasty looking and there
was just like some weird dream sequences with like a kaleidoscope and stuff and it made
no sense and you couldn't understand them and in fact I actually had to read the back
of the box to figure out what the plot was because I couldn't figure it out from just
watching it. And then, it's just, it's just really strange. But then I also got this movie
called, and this is like typical fashion for me, um, it was Inbred Redneck Alien Abduction,
to go with my new movie that I'm going to be getting, which is, um, what is it, uh,
blood-sucking vampire rednecks.
That's nice.
I love bad movies.
Hey, can I talk about my week again now? Yeah, go ahead. That should cut me off. Alright.
So I went to the party, so nobody really had a DS, so we were playing
Super Smash Brothers Melee,
which is always a good time,
and I'm so upset that they have not made a sequel to that game. I mean, how can they
have not made a sequel to Super Smash Brothers as of yet? I played that just the other day.
Why don't they have something on DS yet? Oh yeah, I forgot, the DS doesn't have any games.
Um, oh well. So we played that, we played a little bit of Mario Party, which also needs to come out on the DS, although I guess they have a GBA version? I don't know.
I'm so lost on the handheld loop right now, because I'm all bitter because I can't have a PSP yet, so.
Alright, so that was pretty much my week of my day. Nothing else that exciting going on.
DR Angel, how about you? What's up?
I played Bimani this week. Ooh. Well, it's a DDR.
And, uh, In the Groove. Yay. Um.
You can see, what, what? What'd you think of In the Groove?
We already talked about that. Small arrows.
And then I noticed that, uh, oh, how do I even say that? Like, it starts off
small and then it pans out kind of a thing. You know what I'm talking about?
The way the arrows scroll? The weird scrolling thing it does? Yeah. Just call it the
and the groovescrolling thing that makes no sense and i'm like damn you only see that though if
you're like really paying attention to the arrows it's kind of funky um also let's see what else i
do this week oh i got to play a different uh gamecube game this week uh what's that star
uh... starfox assault
it's pretty
it's star foxy
and uh...
i don't know not not too much else
i need to find my chains of promothea discs
they've they've uh... sprung legs and walked away
oh well
i guess it's telling me not to install it again
if i can't find them
i'll fix it
I'll find some way to play again, because I need to.
Because I need to get out of the level 20 slump.
Other than that, hey, nothing else.
Spring break was good, and then I have to go to school again.
Yay.
All right.
Sounds good.
Don't forget, you guys, you can join our chat room, www.orangelaungereo.com.
Click on Chat.
And we're going to have the Skype line open up a little bit later so you guys can call in and interact with us.
Just head on over to www.orangehunter.com, click on interact with us for all the details.
And as I hinted at the beginning of the program, we're actually going to be doing a giveaway a little later on this evening.
So you have to be either in chat or able to call us on the Skype line,
because we're going to be doing a giveaway with Match Game later on tonight.
So we're going to have somebody on the Skype line versus somebody in the chat room,
and they're gonna be battling it out for a Resident Evil 4
CD sampler of music and the ESPN
NBA 2005 soundtrack. Now I know we usually don't talk about sports games a whole lot on
this show but
the way we see it, hey it's free music so what the heck
so we're gonna give those away and then we'll throw in a little something extra
as well
from us the Orange Launch Radio host as well so get ready for that don't send in
anything on chat room or on skype line just yet cause we'll be getting to that a little later
show. I'll let you know when. Anyway, meanwhile, as of course, as you know, we do
this show based out of Northern California, so we try to keep tabs on
what's going on in the NorCal DDR scene. We always like hearing from you guys
what's going on in your neck of the woods via the Skype line. However, we did
have a large tournament that took place yesterday. It's the March Madness
tournament, and I feel kind of bad because this is the very first year, I
think, where I have not gone to March Madness, unfortunately. I just had some
other stuff going on that day but March Madness was going on from what I
understand freestyle was won by thinner Mr. Wendell which I believe is Mel B
under a different pseudonym and there's actually a tie between him and 001
actually picked up the freestyle winner there so good job and the reason why it
was a tie because both competitors showed equal talent in the choreography
an improvisation part. It was a very interesting freestyle setup. They had
kind of this tiered thing where it was improv and then you went on to the next
tier and it was a planned routine and then the last one you had to learn a
routine. Like it was totally like America's Next Top Model all of a sudden.
So in the last round they tied those. That's pretty cool. And then I haven't
seen where the perfect attack scores are but I'm trying to dig through the thread
right here trying to figure out what's going on looking at the wrap-up over on
DDR freak the winner was Billy jr. it looks like for perfect attack with
second place chaos the last round max shuffle very interesting but this is the
interesting part only 24 people entered perfect attack this year which is kind
of yeah it's kind of a little bit down from where it was previously so I really
feel bad that I wasn't able to go. I just had other stuff going on, but is this a sign
that the DDR tournaments are running out of steam? What do you think? I mean, Jamie, you've
been to a lot of DDR tournaments. Do you think it's starting to run out of steam, or what's
up? Honestly, yeah. I don't... I mean, I'm kind of sad that I missed out on going to
this one, but, you know, March Madness has been getting a little bit smaller and smaller
that I've noticed for the few years that I've been to it. What do you think? Which is too
too bad because it's a really good tournament, it really is, and Mike does an excellent job
putting it on. I miss the little turnies though, and I don't see as many popping up. It seems
like everybody wants to have a big deal tournament these days, but the sad thing is that with
Konami not really supporting DDR in the arcades, it's really starting to wear thin. I mean,
I know I'm starting to feel it. Of course, in the groove now, folks are starting to move
into in the groove tournaments but I mean it really depends on how you feel
within the groove that game is kind of polarized the gaming dance gaming
community as it is so I think a lot of folks you know if they're not into in
the groove they're not gonna check out one of these tournaments so I don't know
it's just kind of too bad I hope it's not a sign that DDR is dying in the
arcades but at the same time without new DDR the heck are we supposed to do I
don't know people are coming up with clever ideas though to keep it fresh so
know, hats off to them. Loki, any thoughts on the tournament? I don't know, I haven't
been in a tournament in a long time, just not my thing, I don't know. I think a lot
of people are just, I don't know, just tournaments, maybe because the crowd that's getting into
it now is more new at it or something, and that's why they feel maybe a little intimidated
to go up against these people? Maybe that's my guess. Or the fact that these people that
are coming in are getting introduced to it, like, on the home console, maybe they're just,
you know, not really getting into it with the, like, environment, like the crowd and
stuff as they would, you know, if they started off in the arcade. I don't know. That's my
guess. Yeah, I think it's just kind of too bad. I mean, that it's just not the huge thing
it was and you're right maybe a lot of those because people starting on the
home mixes now but I'm surprised that I don't see more if that's the case more
of these tournaments that are conducted on home mixes but maybe that's because
of the fact that maybe that's because the fact that it's kind of harder to run
a fair tournament on home mixes I don't know what do you guys think do you think
Do you think it's possible to run a fair tournament on home mixes with home pads and stuff?
Absolutely. We did it at Shaft.
Yeah.
When we had to do a quick fix, we pulled up modded pads and he won second place.
Yeah, that's true.
Hell no. Home mixes suck.
By the way, the fiancée of Dark Sakura has just joined us, Dan the Man, is back.
You may remember him from a couple weeks ago.
He was here telling you guys to go buy ignition pads at his local GameStop.
By second legendary appearance.
So, did it work? Did anybody buy any?
Hell no. Damn.
Nobody buys the ignition pads. I think we sold one.
Oh, that was from us. So to replace it, they sent me two cheap
GameStop brand knock-off ignition pads. Oh, hooray. Fuck y'all.
Alright, now you brought a treat to show us here in studio tonight, correct?
Uh, yeah. What's that?
My pants. Hooray!
No, really, what'd you bring?
Ooh, PSP.
Is that a PSP?
Ooh, we gotta put that on cam.
So we'll be, we'll be showing that on cam during the break so you guys can see how pretty
it is.
Should we try to get some of the music on it if we can get the speakers to pick it up
because it's really...
We might be able to do something where we can hook into the mixing board.
Well, we'll see what we can do.
It's got USB connection on it.
Oh, right on.
Yeah.
Wow.
Alright.
Well anyway, what we're gonna do now, we're gonna go to a break.
When we come back from the break, we'll talk a little more about some news going on, um,
we're going to open up the Skype line I think in the next break so get that
fired up you guys not for the match game though just for you guys to be able to
comment on the show if you want so far so we'll be back after this next break
in this next break we're actually going to play some music from 2d x9 style but
this is brand new music from the home version we call these consumer tracks so
when they are made songs specifically made for the home release of the game so
we're going to hear some brand new 2d x9 style songs we're going to start it off
with a brand new LED song it's called photogenic so enjoy this and three other
other songs and we'll be back after this.
My fear is depression
So I thought we'd discover dreams come true
Taking you to the place with your whole dreams
Open the door to tomorrow
Go to hell, believe in the truth
Believe in the truth
This is the first time I've ever seen a man like this in my life.
This is the first time I've ever seen a man like this in my life.
Oh
Enjoy our party, see how we play Dance till we are one, don't stop, don't
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
See you in the next video!
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
It's only a long way to go
This is a great deal
Come on, come on
Don't you look into me like I know
But I can't take
To get up to the valley with no love
I can't take
To get you without a chance to
Come on
Show me a diamond stick
Feel it in your heart and feel it in your soul
And you could say it's done for all
And
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More
program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the attack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed that break.
Some brand new music. We're playing on Orange Lounge Radio for the first time.
Some tracks from 2DX Night Style, the consumer version.
We had a night break. We had some LED with Photogenic.
OTA2 with Usual Days, a remix there.
Gupperslope with 80's Capsule and the brand new Jaeger remix which I guess is
to complete some type of trilogy or something going on there so I don't know
how I feel about that new Jaeger remix so because it sounds to me like it's the
hamster dance. Yeah it's not very good. They need the Jaegermeister mix now. Now that would be
awesome but the video is kind of cool so you know what can you do about that? All
the strong Jaeger ones are pretty cool. Right. All right so what we're gonna do
now is we actually we are gonna we are gonna take your calls over the skype
line pretty briefly here we're gonna do that this segment and we're also gonna
be doing the match game we're gonna be doing some giveaways tonight we're gonna
give away some music from Resident Evil 4 and the ESPN NBA 2005 soundtrack I
know we don't usually do sports games on this show but tonight we're feeling
saucy it's a special night tonight we're all encompassing and because we're
feeling saucy we reserve the right to change things as we go here with this
program straight so I call that my influence as the resident female yeah I
know that's fine as the resident moody female yes moody just love you all right
so what we're gonna do actually is we also had just recently come out within
this past week we had service Pat I'm sorry I keep calling these things
service back song pack 9 just came out for DDR ultra mix 2 so what we're gonna
do is we're actually gonna have Loki play some of these songs on air and he's
going to give us his feedback to the steps to these songs live as he dances
to them this is our excuse because they think I'm too fat and so they said you
got to work yeah I got to exercise Loki has to dance because he is the pudgiest
hey that's not fair it's it's the bacon is basically what it is yes all right so
what we're gonna do don't we weren't able to set this up to do on Xbox Live
huh because we have our well do it you want to set it up on X now
Nah, we'll take you on to get an opponent. Forget it.
Forget it. Alright.
Let's bring in the ultimate two sounds.
Ooh, Johnny, Johnny.
Ooh, yay.
Alright.
You gotta find a song from Song Pack 9.
Alright.
But don't you dare play Forever Sunshine because I hate that crap.
Gotcha.
Pick a skill level.
Now you can see the steps and the background live on cam.
www.orangeloungeradio.com
all right
okay it's finally
go to the left, it'll be faster
you know
all right it's here
regret, oh gee-ah
there's um...
jelly
tests, no you're going back into like song pack seven and stuff, go over to
all right
okay
you would be disabled apply like that i'd love to see you do that one
it could be a head
do jelly kiss do jelly kiss warm-up all right all right
supply for you to get back
well you know if you don't know that it's been a little while since you
played
all right
program like this
actually i was going to get it
you got him with the mic with the mike oh i'll be in my opinion that the
Well, for a five-footer, I mean, there's not much to expect of this one.
That's five on heavy. It's pretty bad.
It's kind of hard for a five-footer. It's got like offbeat notes and everything.
Look at the duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh. It's like kind of like fast stuff.
This guy seems kind of hard for a five to me. I don't know what to say.
Uh, it would be different like a six.
If our listeners are watching the webcam on orangehomegordo.com, they can get a pretty good view of us and stuff.
Absolutely.
And just so you know, yes, my colors are all screwed up on the notes. I'll tell you why I do that after Logie finishes.
It's my way of kind of like getting an edge up on Xbox Live when I play.
Cheater!
I'm not a cheater, I'm just exploiting something in the game.
this is not a five i'm sorry that is not a five
7 maybe. But then again I can't really judge song difficulty anymore because like I'm out
of shape. This plays about like a 7. Okay how many calories would you say you burn on
that one? Oh no. I can tell you. Okay 40. Okay let's see. Let's see what kind of grade
Loki got on that one. Let's see, 37 great. I'd say that's about a C. Oh, he got an A!
I guess I rock. Good job. Alright. Okay, so what'd you think of those steps? Eh, they're
okay. They look kinda fun except that you know I hate free stuff. Alright, now you gotta
do the cata. Do disable the flog. Oh god. Here, I'll hold the microphone. Alright. No,
make him hold the mic while he does it. No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't want him to trip.
i want to be back i don't know how old i don't live
there will all of the court
i promise
that you on fire in general
i hate you
will launch that
you know
What, this song's only like a minute ten.
Whew!
Don't fail. You're on the internet right now. They'll all know if you fail this crap.
Shut up!
Whew! Cool damn break.
I gotta cut up some slack on this mic cord.
Oh my gosh.
Oh man.
This is like classic Cata stuff.
I love this song though. This is like a real gem in this song. I would say this is my favorite song in this song.
Yeah, I know, I actually saw the gem on this one.
boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo
Hey, he's just got a...
You're turning around now!
Thank god. Good job!
I am so out of shape, I really need to go back and play.
What'd you think of those steps?
Is it a worthy download?
You got a D.
Shut up!
D for the bum-ass.
Okay.
I would say, if you're out of shape like me,
don't play the cat that's on a patch.
Would you spend $5 for that? I'm going to turn down the Ultramix music there.
Yeah, I would.
Um, really, they're kind of stretching for songs now.
Ooh, your D is on the webcam, too.
All right.
I'm done, man.
All right, you're done? You sure you don't want to do one Forever Sunshine, Jamie, for us?
I'll do it.
I'm trying to get Jamie to get up there.
No, no, I'm sorry, don't play Forever Sunshine, I was totally kidding, I hate that song.
No, if you play Forever Sunshine, I will cut off your ankles.
Anyways.
I like Ogia.
Alright.
I would have to say, um, yeah, it's worth a download.
I mean, the steps are pretty good.
They weren't retarded, like, say, you know, um, was it, uh, Outer Limits or anything like
that, where it's just ridiculous, like, fast and stuff?
it's able to fly ahead steps sort of like your old school cat is where it's a
long run of eighth notes and stuff like that pretty good alright sounds good now
for those of you guys that are wondering why the hell does it show the red notes
and blue notes and yellow notes why doesn't it look right because actually
the way my system is set up on the Xbox I actually have it set to show the notes
the different colors on purpose because the reason why I do that is so that when
I go on Xbox live it shows up that way and it makes it so much easier to read
the notes, because you really can't change things when you play on Xbox Live, so.
What other songs came out in that song pack?
Oh, Gia, I like that one.
What is that?
This is Guitar Breaks, I think?
Yeah, this is originally from Guitar Breaks.
Okay, and then we've got Regret, which is, what was that?
I think, okay, well, Regret I think was Beatmania, wasn't it?
And then we have Jelly Kiss from 2DX 7th, I believe.
And then we've got Disabled, The Flaw, which is Beatmania.
Beatmania and I think Poppy Music.
And then Forever Sunshine, which is Max 2, and everyone remembers that song for being
so awful.
Huh?
I think pretty good.
For five bucks and me, you can't beat it.
I mean, come on.
Just download it, wait for the next pack.
It's better than some of the other song packs they put out not that long ago.
Exactly.
Just as long as we don't get a whole song pack of mixes of Let Them Move, then it's not too bad.
Okay, so, I don't know. Are we gonna do one more, or...?
Sure, why not.
Alright, one more. Do Oh Yeah! I like that one.
Okay.
Alright. Let's bring up the Ultra Mix 2 music again.
I like this song, I'm sorry. Done by Assmat and Emi.
Ready? Here we go!
From what I remember about this song, it's just one constant stream of notes, really.
It looks like they actually put in new background videos in some of this, which I think is kinda cool.
Or at least background videos we haven't really seen before.
I like this song because it's different for DDR like you're like what the heck is this
It's like Bollywood or something.
Maybe it's because of some type of in-cab music.
Just dance to the beat!
Don't die!
I love those run- I love those cheap runs.
Oh, dude! Loki's like hecka sweating, look at that.
This is called out of the-
Dance, monkey, dance!
When we bring the webcam back up, I want to zoom in on Loki's sweat to show what a workout he's getting there.
Oh man, my legs feel like weights.
I could play something, but I don't want to play any of those songs.
This one's still being very fun to me.
You want to do something from Song Pack 8?
No.
Alright, Jamie, come on, show us how to do it.
The chat room is suggesting you do a freestyle to this one.
Freestyle, freestyle, freestyle.
Chat room, love y'all but y'all suck.
By the way, she got a D. Another D.
Jamie's here to pretty up the photo op.
Not really much, though, because Loki's a damn sexy man.
I know.
I need to play some more.
Do one of the regular Ultramix 2 songs.
I can see you dancing your dance.
I'm fine.
Now that's that's the picture to get the agony of defeat
It's because you're an American or like I'm in heaven or close your eyes or skulk or something
Ooh, there's a song called Gyruss. That's totally sweet.
It's a remix of the Gyruss theme from Dude. It's awesome.
Jimmy's apologizing it's taking her so long to pick a song, but she's just kind of picky.
Four weeks later.
By the way, we hardly ever actually play DDR on the show, so this is a rare opportunity for you guys.
still in time? As if you can't tell by the wheezing. I play a lot of DDR. Oh yeah, oh
yeah, come on. Come on, come on. Ooh. Um, hold down B. No, I lied, hit A. And this time hold
her thoughts on Chasmic Cowgirl. She says she hasn't played DDR in a month.
She is making it look good with so many crepes, I'm perfect.
I used to love this song when it was in Guitar Freaks.
Yeah, I was just thinking, man, this makes me want to play Guitar Freaks. Do you guys have Guitar Freaks?
No, sadly not here.
Damn, I should have brought mine.
You gotta shake in our butts now, Mr. DJ.
You do gotta shake on our butts now, Mr. DJ.
Okay, well she just has to go and show me up now.
That's no fair.
That's because she's more in shape than I am.
Yeah, she's been preparing for that mud run, so you know she's got the stamina for this.
I've been preparing for a Big Mac
Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions and get this
sesame seed bun baby
too much burger for one man to handle
Yay! All right, what did you think?
Okay, so that, you know, they have an eight for the...
Show us your moves!
And a five for...
The verdict is a B. She got a slightly better score than Loki. Thank you.
because he said something that made me laugh.
It was a new high score.
I broke someone's score.
Alright, so what did you think of that?
Get your chair back.
Fun?
Yeah, pretty fun.
Alright.
I need to start doing DDR again.
Alright.
Because the ironic thing is, even though we talk about these music games a whole lot here on the station,
we haven't played them in quite a while.
No.
So hey, I played step mania, but yeah, that's with my hand
I played the control I played the button button revolution and I now know why people don't exercise in jeans
All right. Anyway, can we go? Can we go back to radio? All right
What we're gonna do now is we're gonna go ahead and open up the skype line
For those of you guys that have any feedback you want to talk about 2dx
Night style you want to talk about what else is going on in the scene?
We were talking a little bit about a bawani tournaments going on earlier
And if you have any feedback on UltraMix 2 and the performance of Dark Sakura and Loki, we certainly would love to hear that as well.
So, we are going to go ahead and open up the Skype line, so go ahead and give us a call.
Again, to do that, head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on Interact With Us.
Alright, let's go ahead, we got one coming in.
If you dare.
Alright.
Hey, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Ledger Zaku here.
Hello Zaku, how you doing?
As always, I'm just coming back from Spring Break and managing to play 2DX 10th style, unfortunately.
Wait, you did get to play 2DX 10th style?
It was kind of like, yeah.
Yes, because, you know, Long Island, not far from the city, has a place that has 2DX 10th.
And I managed to travel out there by bus a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday.
Getting on the bus to go nerd it up, huh?
fun.
Anyway.
Yeah, I was whoring that up too, but I mean, tense style, I mean, okay, I think I see the
changes for the fact that the timing is just, you know, especially for new people that are
trying to, like, struggle.
Did you play in towel mode?
No, I mean, I saw other folks playing in towel, but that's about it.
I mean, I saw other folks breaking out the towel and putting it on there, but...
I can't play without the towel.
But anyways, you know, I'm hearing word that 2DX12 Happy Sky is going up for location tests.
Oh, yes.
That name is so...
You repeat us to it, we were going to talk about that a little bit later, but yes, they've
announced 2DX12 style, also known as Happy Sky.
Which is ironic when you consider what my online name is, Sky.
Happy Sky!
That made you Happy Sky.
I'm so happy!
I'm happy that this game's coming.
At this point, I mean, we managed to get the upgrade in that place that managed to get
test style.
See, it was originally 9th, but late last year they managed to go up to 10th, seeing
that they got the 2DX machine earlier last year.
So I'm assuming that, according to the thread, once I mentioned 12th, that they'll try to
plan to just go after getting that upgrade kit, the same way they did for 10th.
That surprises when we managed to get 10th, you know?
Okay. Well, you know what, Zaku, I have a question for you on a totally unrelated subject.
I know you probably called in to talk about that, but I know you call us quite a bit when
you want to talk about what's going on on the East Coast and what's going on in the
tournament scene. Did you hear what we were talking about with the West Coast March Madness
tournament that just happened? What's up with that? Why are the tournaments declining? Is
it just us and California, or is it happening to you guys in New York as well?
It really depends, because in our area, I mean, we're having tournaments. We're about
to have a big tournament, hopefully in April, next month in Albany. We already had a slew
of smaller low level tournaments, one of which almost ended up in fighting as I told you
last time. Yeah, yeah, I remember that. With the drama? Well there's one reason why you
don't have the... No, but I mean that was because of the locals who basically acted
like assholes, and basically started disrespecting other outsiders, outside players who were
beating them to it. So what do you think is causing the decline here then? It's not really
that much of a decline, it really depends on where you go.
I mean it depends on where scene thrives.
I can understand where Northern California...
You know, I can understand your guns....
your scene over there because it's striving for something new,
like In the Groove.
I think you know, I think you're on the verge,
I think in my honest opinion you're on the verge of just switching
on to more In the Groove tournaments.
That's why I'm seeing California going.
I don't know how I feel about that though to be honest.
I don't know how I feel about In the Groove.
Umm...
the freestyle part of it. Yeah, that's the problem. In the group, the group was made
for Perfect Attack Tournament. The East Coast already held in the group tournaments and
made it on the break late last year. And it was a pretty good turnout. I don't know. It
doesn't seem like the game's really that... You're always hearing about the thing... It
may be. I know it was built for basically DDR on crack because of the fact that it's
going to be on 10 foot and 10 feet.
Wait, I mean, you're talking like 10 footers, 12 of 13.
In the groove.
Well said.
In the groove is basically, in the groove in a nutshell
is DDR on crack.
That's what it is.
In the groove in a nutshell is DDR on crap.
But wait till in the groove two comes out, and then you know
they're going to start thinking.
Because, you know what, I've been warming up to in the groove.
I honestly cannot knock the game.
No, you've become de-wamp-ed guys.
Pretty good. I mean, you know, the tournament scene is still there
It's just you know, it needs something good and he's something new to go on
We were so grateful of managing to pull off a Nationals tournament last year and that created it that got a big turnout
Not only that we managed to expose DDR to a lot of things
So a lot of people that probably never heard of it and we're getting DDR the limelight it deserves
I mean, you know tournaments in fact are doing you know more
are doing, you know, more great things for, you know, it depends on where it is, though.
In case in point, this, the city, where, you know, a big, major tournament would basically
expose more people to DDR, thus we'd be getting, you know, places such as Fuse and MTV2, you
know, basically filming us during the tournaments, and...
Well, yeah, but we have yet to see what happens with that.
Well, they're prepared, well, from what I heard, they are preparing for this year's.
They might do another Nationals tournament this year in October.
It's all talk until something happens.
This whole exposure thing, though, I don't think it's necessarily that good of a thing.
Yeah, but think about it. It's in New York City and you have mods such as frequency busting
putting foot to ass trying to help, you know, help it get out there.
You know, it's usually when something gets to be a little too popular that it starts getting...
It's not trying to be too popular. It's just trying to get it, you know, get it to people
That way, a few more people know about it.
That's all. That's pretty much it in a nutshell.
The tournament scene thrives depending on where you're at.
And it's basically what you make of it.
Whether or not you want to decide to pedal in the groove and in the group 2, which is coming out.
Which could be an alternative to people we've been sucking on. Extreme for what now? Almost two and a half years?
Well, we will see. That's really all we can say right now.
as we will see but I gotta we gotta go cuz the Skype lines ringing but is there
any other final thought you have for us aku basically just you know that just
basically you know in the groove to might you know just be just be ready in
case just just try not I don't know I will give in the groove to a fair shot
just like I gave in yeah I will you promise you promise open mind in the
It'll at least be a jar.
Okay, I've still got, I've got to try it, you know.
Alright.
Alright, Zaku, have a good one, buddy.
Alright, take care.
Take care.
Later.
Alright, let's take another call.
Let's go to this one.
If I can get this here.
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Merging from the shadows of Bamani style.
Here's your resident 2DX bastard, DarklineXVI.
Hello, our resident 2DX bastard.
What's on your mind?
Well, I've already, I finally got my copy of 2DX Night Style.
Hurrah, what do you think?
Yeah, it's really good.
Did you get the one with all the stickers?
Well, I don't have a sticker. I only have the regular edition.
I want all the DVDs and the stickers.
So what are your thoughts? Tell us what you think.
It's really good, actually. It's almost like in the arcade version.
Uh-oh.
Wait, what about the timing?
We have to talk about the timing.
Specifically, not the timing.
They think the timing's okay?
The timing is okay, actually.
I need mine.
Well, it's gonna be probably-
What was the deciding factor of the timing?
Guys.
I was going to say, because with the arcade there, of course you're upgrading the hardware and stuff, so you've got the timing issues for that.
But with the home versions, it's pretty much just, you know, to rescan it, throw new songs in, you're done.
So that's pretty much all for that.
So of course, timing should be right on, compared with some of the other ones, it should be just fine.
So anyways, you enjoy it?
Yeah, of course I do enjoy it.
Hey Sky, remember the videos that I sent you?
Yes, I was gonna ask you kids you sent me actually one of your you know videos where you actually hooked it up
So you're playing 2dx and you can see you actually like you were playing love shine and you see the notes falling
I didn't play love love shine
Right. It's a new top vision video and use but you set it up in your house so that you we can see your
Fingers playing the song instead of the typical video. How'd you set that up? That's pretty cool
Yeah, you know I use that, you know
I use a tripod, I use a camcorder, and then I use my PC as my monitor.
Speaking of which, I'm gonna send you a link of what my setting looks like.
Alright, put that on our chatroom, www.orangelaunchradio.com, clicking on chat.
Go ahead and slap that up in our chatroom so our folks there can check it out, the link.
Yeah, this is what my setup looks like.
Okay, now do you have a site where we can actually download the Tatsujin videos for those that want to see what this looks like?
Are you going to throw them on Bomani style like everyone else that does Tatsujin videos?
Well, mine is different, so...
I got it from DustBacon.
Are you really made out of iron?
Haha, that's true.
There's a difference between Tatsujin and Tetsujin.
Oh, sorry.
I got told. Here's the link for my Tatsujin videos, as well as the Seastar player and others.
Alright, right on.
And let me log into my photo bucket so I can give you the link to what my setup looks like.
While you're doing that, what would you say would be your favorite of the new consumer
songs that are in 9th Style?
Well my favorite, here's a correction, it's not photogenic, it's photogenic.
Oh my bad.
I read it quickly.
It's photogenic.
Okay, photogenic.
Yeah, my favorite.
Is that your favorite?
Yeah, photogenic's my favorite.
Yeah, photogenic's my favorite. Other than that, it's also like a Jäger final attack, or a Sakuretsu Jäger dance.
Is it just me, or has the Denjin Jäger gone to that?
I do have a video. I do have a video.
You're going to have to send that to me at some point so I can check it out.
I'll send it to you after this call.
Okay, sounds good.
Is there anything else you wanted to say, Siggy?
Because I've got to let you go to get somebody else here on the line.
Is there anything else you want to say?
Nothing much else, but I'm just happy that I have my night style.
Alright, sounds good.
Keep us posted on any developments going on in the 2DX world.
Yeah, I've already sent you the link to what my settings look like.
Alright, sounds good.
We'll check that out in the chat room.
All right, have a good one, bud.
Later. Later.
All right, let's try to pick up a call here, if I can.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, it's Jimmy.
Hey, what's up?
Not much.
How's it going? I got to turn down my window real quick. There we go. That's all right, yes.
First rule of calling into radio, turn off your radio.
Yeah, I know how that is. All right.
What's up? What's on your mind?
I'm just
going off of
the first caller,
uh... i t g that right
way uh... tournaments are going here in socal it's
basically all in the group there
what though you're saying in southern california now it's all about in the
group
yeah i don't want to read it on you
the first big one was in stonewood engines
everyone was pretty good
image
that's cuz you can see the percentages on the screen in it
you get instant feedback while the people are playing right
so you can have an account the great small people are going
Okay, so you can kind of continue to watch the scores go up, because In the Groove is one of those games where it's considered acceptable to use the scores as something that determines how well you do in the tournament.
Yeah, because basically everyone knows exactly how the scoring system works, and it's just a good scoring system, I think, for a competition.
Okay, well what I have to know, I have no doubt that In the Groove is a great game for tournaments, but I have to know, freestyle. How does freestyle work?
I've yet to see a freestyle tournament for it. There's only been...
Yeah, there's a reason for that.
Told ya. Told ya.
Yeah, all songs just aren't there.
Yeah, I know.
I've freestyled, and I really don't think there's a whole lot of freestylable songs on ITG.
Are you hoping that they fix that with ITG 2?
I really do. With the DDR crossovers, I guess we'll call them.
Like all the...
We'll follow the sun and...
Right, and the Bambi songs.
All that stuff.
Okay, all right. Well, anything else you want to share with us, my friend?
Um, I'm hoping to get to the X-nights style soon.
Yeah, we all want it, but you know, we're poor, you know, what can we say?
But yeah, freestyle in the groove doesn't really work.
Hopefully they will fix that with In the Groove 2. We shall see.
That's what I'm hoping for. All right, thanks a lot guys. Sounds good. Have a good one, buddy.
You too. Later. All right, let's take one more call.
hi you're on orange songs radio it's the one the one it wait wait wait crap there
we go it's the one and only token black cosplayer Ron how you guys doing hello
our token black cosplayer friend how are you competition at here in the form of
jre oga there you know you know jre oga H yeah a long time yes one of my friends
Wow. Who knew? There's more than one. There's more than one.
What's up with that? How are you doing my friend?
I'm doing good. We had a cosplay photo shoot in Central Park today.
We got kicked out.
Now this I have to hear about. So for those who don't know, because remember we have new listeners on tonight, what is cosplay for those who don't know?
cosplay or costume play, you can also make your favorite anime, video game, or manga characters at anime conventions.
And sometimes this can be scantily clad females from fighting games, or this can be just, like, downright ugly guys from who knows what, but...
Or, or, you know, whatever.
Downright ugly guys cosplaying as scantily clad females between main players.
Yes, I've seen that too.
Manfay.
So, okay, I have to know. How did you guys, what were you guys setting up to do in Central Park and how did you get kicked out? That's what I have to know.
That's just it. We didn't do anything. We were just taking pictures of ourselves in costumes and stuff.
You were dressed up like freaks. You were freaks and the freaks have to go.
It was mostly hot EGL girls.
Now, were you guys all dressing up like ghosts in a big group and having a rally and, you know, then they might have kicked you out because of that?
No, it was more like, you know, less than that.
Of course, you know, whenever cosplay events in the park happen, like say in Tokyo, then a bajillion people take pictures of it and it ends up in Brutes Magazine, right?
Right, but it was only like five people from outside that was walking around took pictures of us.
What I'm curious about, was it the scantily clad females that got you kicked out of Central Park?
Nope, it seems that you need a permit to take pictures in Central Park.
What? What? Everybody and their mother was going to Central Park to take pictures of the gates. Did they get a permit for that?
That's just it. That's what we argued. They said because it's for commercial purposes, we need a permit. And on the weekends, we need special permission from the mayor.
Oh my gosh. I say-
This is for commercial purposes?
No, this is for amateurs and for our websites.
Oh my gosh. I say next time you're there, burn down the gates.
Gates are already gone.
Damn, see? Mission accomplished!
They've been replaced by Ultra Kade machines.
You know, that's just so ridiculous. I mean, I used to do LARP
vampire games in Alabama, and we were just a ball kinds of insane.
Alabama parking lot or whatever you did is slightly different
than Central Park. No, we would do it in downtown Mobile at Bienville Square.
Okay, okay. Which is... My bad. Which is a historical
They should have told them it was for a school project.
But it's a historical landmark.
We did.
And we never got anything for it.
Yeah, that's the easy excuse whenever you need to get out of something.
Uh, it's for a school project. We didn't know we were doing it.
Not this time.
Alright, anything going on in your gaming world you want to share with us, buddy?
I was at the PSP release at my job. We sold 260 of them.
Oh my gosh.
15 came back, and 15 came back the next day.
Is that the dead pixel thing that's going on with the new PSPs?
Mm-hmm.
So, are they really that bad? Have you seen them?
No. Some are, some are.
It says we're geeks, well, we have to take a look at these things.
We got Dan, who's actually a manager of a game, stopping town.
It's very, very minor, and these people are too anal.
Hey, I got, you know what, can you send me some of those defective PSPs?
Because I'll take them off your hands.
I tried.
I'm defective.
Yeah, quote, unquote, defective.
Okay, Dan, I know you're dying to say something.
The people who are bitching about one or two dead pixels on their PSPs are anal-retentive
bastards who should be shot on sight.
No shit.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
The official line now is, we don't take them back, they gotta go to Sony if they have dead
pixels.
And Sony doesn't care.
Oh, snap.
No, Sony does care.
Sony is replacing them.
Which is very, very decent of Sony. Basically, what you're going to get back is another dead
pixel PSP that they fixed. So, you know, but as for anyone who has problems with dead pixels
on their PSP, stick with it. They'll either go away or you'll adjust. You know, out of
the gajillions of pixels, if one or two are dead, hey, consider yourself lucky. Some people
have a couple dozen. They should be mad. Yeah. 30 people. Well, you know, considering how
Considering how much they charge for those things, though, you think the thing would run absolutely perfectly. That's the only issue.
You ever bought a tire for your car?
Yeah.
Did it go flat?
Yeah, but they replaced it for free.
LCD screens have dead pixels. Sony will replace it for free.
Oh, alright.
I mean, that's it. You know, it just happens.
Alright.
So you have it lucky. We have to take them back. We have to.
Where do you work?
Best Buy.
Hahahaha. Oh, I'm sorry.
Not because you sell that extra insurance or whatever?
Even without the extra insurance, they bring it back.
We have to take it back, we stamp it out, devote, we send it back to the manufacturer.
But the thing is, Sony doesn't reimburse the manufacturer for that return.
You need to take out your frustration on the multi-key machine.
We kind of, we get most of it back, like 85% of the value we get back, more or less.
They won't do it with the dead pixels because they don't consider those to be a defect.
Best Buy policy will change.
Right now, I think they're doing the right thing.
I think, hey, if we had 100 extra systems in stock, and I had 10 people want to bring
them back and exchange them, hey, no problem.
But according to Sony, Sony, Sony, Sony, their whole take on it is, this is how PSPs are.
There's a problem with the pixels.
You send them to us.
We'll take care of it.
Don't bother the retailer.
And most of the smaller retailers have said, hey, we can't take them back for that reason.
Isn't this supposed to be virtually invisible anyway when you're playing?
In game, you don't see it unless it's a solid color screen.
From what I was told, when you turn it off, you see the dead pixels.
Well, yeah, and that's the thing is these people, they're not trying it for a couple
hours and saying, wow, this doesn't interrupt my gameplay.
They turn it on on the boot up screen, see a pixel that's green when it should be white
and lose their minds.
Well, it makes sense after they just spent $250 on it.
If they'd run the Spider-Man DVD through it, 90% of the time, the pixels unfreeze since
they're just frozen, not dead, and the problem fixes itself.
oh that's weird and the thing is two months down the road you might have a
whole different set of dead pixels because it's not like you're gonna get
one that's gonna work forever LCD screens do that and I'm gonna have to
do monitor can tell you that I've heard the dead pixel thing going on with the
DS as well so it's not just you know PSP it's nature technology anyway we gotta
let you go with it we gotta let you go but but have a good one thanks for
calling us you got all right later I've got to take one more because this guy's
been calling us pretty constantly so I just want to do one more and then we're
gonna get in the cage with you. You're so kind. I know I'm so kind. Hi you're on orange on radio. Hello.
Can you hear us? Oh hey hey hi there you are. What's up? So what's up? Hi who's
this? I think that might be really bad. This is my mom. Yeah we can hear you can you hear us
buddy. Can you hear me now? I don't think he can hear us. Click. Sorry bud, we can't hear you.
Oh, he hung up on us, so. Go close. Alright, we tried, we tried. For those of you guys that are
still trying to get in, thanks, but we are gonna just come back to this later. We'll do the match
game, don't forget, we got that coming up a little later on, but for now we're gonna get into the
Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match. So, for those of you guys unfamiliar with the Cage Match, the way
it works we're gonna play three songs for you guys and we're gonna play three
songs and you guys have to be in the chat room to vote www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com
click on chat and we will play these songs and then you're gonna pick your
favorite and your favorite song goes into rotation all week long on Orange
Lounge Radio's Bumani Music Amore program.
And the winner gets a break from having to pick a song.
That's right so Jamie it's your break because you won last week and it's Yoko Kano and
the song is rise now remember there's no rhyme or reason for why we picked these
songs it's three songs we like you pick your favorite and it goes in rotation
all right so here it is you only get a clip of this song though because it
win last week. Here's a clip. Song number one, Yoko Kanno. Rise. Enjoy.
I'm a soldier born to stand in this waking hell I am
With nothing more than I can come to you
Pray myself, please don't forget Life's a trade and we are friends
Please give me that chance to be a fool
People face in the fire together
If we don't win the moon, I'll be a clown
Save your tears, come for the day When the pain is far behind
On your feet, come with me There are some of you still alive
Save your fears, take your place Save them for the judgment day
All right, that was the clip I made.
And on behalf of song number one, Yoko Kano with Rise, and now you get to hear two new songs in their entirety.
I'm gonna start it off with my pick for tonight's cage match.
Now, you might remember, or you may not if this is your first time listening to Orange Commons Radio, so welcome,
but we've retired a couple songs from the cage match. When a song wins four times, we retire it.
And the first song that ever got retired was the top 40 hit.
It was Gwen Stefani, remember that?
I'm gonna try I'm gonna change hey you watch it I like my Gwen okay okay so I'm
gonna try my top 40 luck again because I love this chick I'm sorry don't roll
your eyes at me hey that's it they don't see that they do when I get upset all
right so anyway I'm gonna try my top 40 like well what what what what what what
So, we're going to do a dance remix, though, of a Top 40 hit.
So this is...
One of the stupid Haddaway songs again.
It's not Haddaway.
This is actually Kelly Clarkson.
Oh, God.
I get the zero automatically.
No, no, no.
You listen to it first.
Oh, so it's a bathroom break.
This is Kelly Clarkson, you haters.
The song is Since You Been Gone, and it's the Jason Nevins Rock the Club mix.
Enjoy, guys.
Here's the thing, we started our friends It was cool, but it was our pretend
Yeah yeah, since you've been gone You're dedicated, you took the time
Wasn't long till I called you mine
Yeah, yeah
Since you've been gone
And all you ever hear me say
Is how I picture me with you
That's all you ever hear me say
But since you've been gone
I can't breathe for the first time
I'm so movin' on, yeah, yeah
Thanks to you, now I get
What I want
Since you've been gone
How can I put it? You put me on
I even fell for that stupid love song
Yeah, yeah
Since you've been gone
How come I never hear you say I just wanna be with you, you, you
Guess you would've felt that way But since you've been gone
I can't breathe for the first time I'm so movin' on, yeah, yeah
I'll play for you, now I get, I get what I want
And soon though you had your chance, I blew it
Out of sight, out of mind
Shut your mouth, I just can't say again
Again and again and again and again
Since you've been gone, since you've been gone
I can't breathe for the first time
I'm stumbling on, yeah yeah
Let's see you, yeah yeah
I get what I want
I get what I need for the first time
I'm stumbling on, yeah yeah
Let's see you, yeah yeah
Cause you're not, cause you're not, I get what I want
And you've been gone
And you've been gone
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
Kelly Clarkson, Since You Been Gone, the Jason Nevins Rock the Club mix.
Let's go around and see if that rocked people up or if they're going to rock it on out of
here let's see dark Sakura it oh no more talking for you Dan the man since you
have a mic Dan the man since you have a mic would you think it's been gone
unimpressive on scale of one to ten negative four all right Loki there is no
amount of alcohol in this world that make that song good that was awful I
mean you can remix that song to hell and it would still suck so guess what it
gets a one because it's killing Clarkson what were you thinking no bad and you
flipped Matt Ross this coming from the guy who brings his girlfriend over every
Tuesday to watch American Idol doesn't mean I'm gonna buy any of their albums
Okay, I like reality TV sometimes just because I watch reality TV does not mean that I'm gonna buy the music
Clay Aiken is funny-looking Kelly Clarkson is a hot mama. Clay Aiken is funny-looking
anyway
All right
I think you people who especially considering some of the DDR songs you guys like
need to respect Kelly a little more I give it like a nine it's it's cool I
like that remix all right angel God I can't even get a pity vote from angel
all right let's see how Loki songs bears tonight's cage match Loki would you
pick for us tonight last song I picked the song from everyone's favorite kill
Bill soundtrack artist I'm no I'm gonna butcher this name pick something at
random I picked something yeah I found you know I have three of those bottle
caps from Pepsi sitting here at my desk I was like god damn it I gotta go on
iTunes now and get something so today I found this guy and of course you'll
recognize him from his ever famous song a battle without honor or humanity this
This is Frozen Memories, so I, uh, I only remember the guy's name.
Try Tomoyasu Hotei, how does that sound right?
That'd be it.
Alright, here it is.
That's enough.
Yamayasu Hotei with Frozen Memories, enjoy!
🎵
🎵
or
or
or
or
or
Okay, boys and girls, that was song number three, Tomoyasu Hote with Frozen Memories.
see what the folks in the room thought of frozen memories dark Sakura it was
not too bad but kind of generic solid seven all right angel what'd you think
of that I liked it eight I thought it was good but not as good as Kelly
Clarkson seven and a half Logie what'd you think of Tomiyasu hotte I liked it
It was interesting because I was very tempted to put in a battle without honor and humanity for another time because they had a battle without honor and humanity number 3 which is pretty much the same song.
This one sounds like it could be from an anime or some sort of video game itself so I give it an 8.
Alright, and Dan the Man.
I like the wailing guitar sound, it was totally sweet.
That song would rule in Guitar Freaks, it really would.
freaks I would rock and guitar freaks I think it definitely gets at least an
eight maybe eight point seven two five all right totally hard sounds good okay
guys it's time to vote remember you have to be in our chat room to vote everything
we have said to this point doesn't matter because it's you guys that make
the ultimate decision so here it is one more time song number one yoko Kano with
Rise
and song number two you can vote for tonight Kelly Clarkson since you've been
gone Jason Devens edit
and song number three you can vote for tonight is a Tomoyasu Hotei with
frozen memories. Place vote now! Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your vote.
And the one that gets the most votes will walk away the winner. Yes, Loki. And in case
the viewing public was unsure of who the mystery person was, well, I don't know. Rob, do you
want to explain is oh did he go yeah he's got our contact information and
okay cool yeah if just see you guys no screw you guys I'm going home if the
show sounded a little weird just then and you notice we were doing some
different stuff with there was a photographer from a local paper that was
here taking pictures like the past hour he was here yeah he was on webcam so
people oh so yeah so maybe we'll get to see that but so that's what was going on
so we're famous we're gonna be famous we'll be the paper all right we'll see
what happens with that I really hope they got a shot at Jamie while she was
like in midair doing it yeah they got that they got I saw the camera right
here like a couple close-up shots of me going you know what's funny is that when
he first showed up he thought like our whole show was us dancing while talking
I was like you want us to dance okay dance monkey dance we're like free
publicly, sure, we'll get out the pad. Let's dance.
What else do you want me to do?
Eh, it's cool. It works out. It's fun.
Alright, anyway, finish your votes there. Send them over a private message to Sky.
Loki, as long as you got the microphone there. Tell us what's going on in the sim scene this week.
Um, not too much as I posted last week. Um, still waiting for some actual sim files to come out.
I think, if I remember correctly, uh, there is that set-mania pack that's coming out with a bunch of songs called, uh,
DDR, uh, it's like XXMix or something like that.
Oh, there's some link on, um, there's some link on the actual, um, BemaniCell site that, um, they have there.
And they were saying there was gonna be an April 1st release for that, so look for that. There's a whole thread to it.
And, um, so that'd be pretty interesting. Other than that, um, oh, um, pretty soon.
And DDRUK is relaunching pretty soon, should be this week actually, I think Monday or Tuesday,
I can't remember.
So they're coming back, and DDRMania X is saying that they're coming back at some point.
But actually, DDRUK, they are saying they're coming back, I think it's Monday, Tuesday,
I can't remember what exactly the day is on that.
But they're coming back, so look for good stuff from them.
Sim Files, I don't really know what the situation is with Sim Files, what they're going to be
doing because I think the reason they got taken down the first time was because they
had licensed music on there and that kind of stuff.
So look forward to that.
That should be pretty exciting.
I'm just glad that I'll have more websites to read again.
And really, other than that, not too much else going on.
There's some sim files out there that are pretty interesting.
More crappy remixes, of course, out there.
But they give me some ideas for stuff, so I may look to doing that.
I've been kind of hitting a musician's block lately, so I haven't been making anything.
But yeah, lots of fun stuff out there. Go download some music, songs, of course only if you have the CD. And that's it.
Alright. Okay, we're gonna take the last call for cage match votes now. So hopefully you guys are getting those votes in.
And, what we're gonna do, we're gonna take a break and we're gonna come back and play Match Game.
Match Game tonight has prizes. Now, we are gonna open up the Skype line. However,
we need one contestant on the Skype line and one contestant actually in the chat
room. So, everybody send a message to Sky. If you want to participate in tonight's
Match Game and you're in the chat room, send a message to Sky that says, Match
Game. And we will pick one person at random to play the Match Game tonight.
Jamie will pick a number and we will have our contestant from the chat room.
so you have three minutes during the break here to send... It's between one and 666. We'll see. We
might just do between one and ten and the first ten have a chance. So hurry up
and get it in there. So send a message to Sky that says match game and tonight's
prize is again Resident Evil 4 Sound Sampler and NBA 2005 from ESPN, the
soundtrack there. So some music for you guys. Awesome. In this break let's do...
let's do some DDR songs because we haven't done some DDR so let's just do
like a mix here let's do volume 4 we're gonna start off with some volume 4
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
I feel, I feel, I feel You are the only one, let me feel this way
I feel it, I feel it, I feel it You are the only one left to feel this way
I need...
I need...
I need...
I need...
you
I'm a
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
But you're sitting at home, on and on on the shelf
If you want to borrow less, you have to find it yourself
And so what I'm waiting for is someone waiting for me
Since summer is the place I really want to be
My foundation is me, but you need the right thing
To keep tall and tender, young and handsome, fancy thing made
I'll go seek out the trash, something sexy but smart
Mark's gonna catch you as you get to the end
You're gonna make it easier to notice me there
You may not get a second line
Mr. Linus, I can't decide, don't you sit down
This is one of the greatest girls
I need you
It happens all the time
Suddenly history is the reason you're lying
I am lying
Do you believe in miracles
Listen to the
Hello everybody, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, here we are episode number 137 in process,
and we still have an hour left, and this is going to be an exciting hour because we are
actually going to be giving away, we love when we give away stuff!
Fabulous prizes!
Free stuff!
Hooray!
Again, we know we've got a lot of, we've got some exposed visibility lately thanks to our
listeners getting us nominated for Broadcaster of the Year over on Live 365, so hello to
any folks listening for the first time. Hope you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, our
just our little nerd fest that we have here every Sunday night. Of course our
station does run 24 hours a day, seven days a week. There's always music going
on when we're not live. Also we don't just have the live program on Sunday
though, we also have Monday nights. We have Diversion, the Bahmani remix show. So
if you kind of like the more like remix dance sound, a little bit industrial
almost some of the songs, check that out Monday night 7 o'clock Pacific. Tuesday
nights at seven o'clock you still running them at seven or at seven thirty
dark Sakura pre-shows actually the pre-show is a quarter seven gotcha so
that's pump up the volume if you want to hear and dark Sakura describe pump up
the volume in one word random okay sounds good and then Thursday nights we
will be back this week with outside the box seven o'clock Pacific Standard Time
all your favorite gaming news don't forget we also have a podcast
completely separate it's not this show it's a completely separate show we do
about 25-30 minutes in length that just talks about video games. Check that out
over on our website, orangeontree.com. Check out the to-go edition. All right,
first off, let's see who won tonight's cage match. Somewhat of a closer cage
match, certainly closer cage match tonight than it was last week. But in the
end, there was one winner and the winner of tonight's cage match is Yoko Kano once
again with rise I'll be going into another week off another week I love you
chat all right um we're gonna be doing the match game here to contestants
battling to the death or something like that for these CDs we have so we need
one person from the chat room and one person on the skype line so you can
start hammering the skype line now we're gonna pick one call at random on the
skype line don't go away because we will be picking up just a random call so let
it ring and tell you here that we picked up someone else's call then stop calling
in the meantime we got to find out who's playing from the chat room dark Sakura
who is playing from chat you got to pick a number between one and ten I want to
pick a number between one and five hundred as long as that number happens
also be between one and ten that's fine all right fine pick a number between one
and five hundred yeah one in five hundred whoever gets closest wins no no
just pick it over to one in ten so I can count which person is getting it just
you can tell it's fine okay Jamie says this person gets it so we have in our
chat room tonight. Oh, this should be fun. Legend of Zaku is our chat person that's
going to be participating tonight. All right, so now let's go over to the Skype
line and pick up a random call. We've got all these people calling in. Let's pick
up this one. Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Me? Oh, yes. Who is this? This is Lemon Lime Jump.
Hello Lemon Lime Jump! Hi!
You are our other contestant for the match game tonight, aren't you excited?
Yeah, especially since I'm a noob. Hello, noob!
Hi, noob! This is your only first call at the station, congrats!
Yes, alright. Okay, so you're going to be playing match game tonight. Now, do you know how match game
works?
Yeah, you have to like finish a sentence with a word or a phrase.
You're already a pro at this, you're not much of a noob, because you already know what's
going on. Yes, we're going to read
sentence and it's gonna have a blank in it and it's your job to best answer what
you think the rest of us are going to put in that blank so without further ado
let's get some music here for match game we definitely need some background music
if we're gonna be playing match game unfortunately I don't we don't have the
rights to use the actual match game theme because the lawyers called no I'm
lying we just like to use DDR music so we just freak out here so sad was so
Fabulous O'Fierce here for the match game. All right, tonight's match game is Legend
of Zaku in chat versus Lemon Lime Jump on the skype line. They're playing for CDs, Resident
Evil 4, Sampler, and the NBA 2005 ESPN. Dark Sakura is one celebrity you're going to try
to match tonight. Dan the Man is another celebrity you're going to try to match tonight. DDR
Loki and myself five people all right okay now lemon lime jump I'm gonna read
the question and you just think about it you think about it for a minute and then
we'll let you know when we're ready for your answer all right all right here we
go question number one Rob was very sad that's me I'm Rob Rob was very sad that
he was unable to attend the March Madness DDR tournament this past
Saturday however, he had more important things to do, such as stay home and blank.
Rob was very sad he couldn't attend the March Madness DDR tournament this past
Saturday however he had more important things to do such as stay home and blank.
If I am gonna die
Nothing in the world's gonna bring me down
If you yell and give me gore
I am here for all
I am here for all
I am here for all
I am here for all
I'm just waiting on our chat room contestant, but that was my fault because I was a little
late in pasting the question to him because it might be a little problem right there.
all right let's let's I think everybody's in all right here we go
lemon-lime jump you start us off my friend Rob was very sad that he was
unable to attend the March Madness DDR tournament this past Saturday however he
had more important things to do such as stay at home and pick that Kelly
Clarkson song for the cage match pick the Kelly Clarkson song for tonight's
cage match all right yeah that was actually something I did do yesterday so
that's something let's see what legend of Zaku says legend Zaku said he had to
stay home and play ninth style while on Vicodin and forcing a ferret to play
lion ski seven key blink blink blink blink blink let's see if it's a match
dark Sakura Rob had to stay home and build a cake for dark Sakura Pedro style
build a cake for dark Sakura I'm sorry that's not a match either one
Dan Rob had to stay home and download prawn download prawn excellent and it
was the other answer however the other one plain night style and then lemon
lime jumps said that he had she had to pick the Kelly Clarkson song for okay
all right sorry I had mental lapse there for second yeah sorry Loki sorry that
happened to you Loki Rob had to stay home and watch America's next top model
Yes! Watch America's Next Top Model!
Not a match though.
That was Team Loki and Loki's fiance, Nellie.
Oh, okay. Had to get that out there.
Alright, Angel.
Rob had to stay at home and...
Watch reruns of Robot Chicken.
Watch reruns of Robot Chicken. Not a match.
My answer, Rob had to stay home and...
Look sexy.
Cause, you know, that's what I do.
Shut up!
Alright. Yeah, I had to practice my model walk.
Anyway, let's get to question number two.
So LemonLimeJump, you didn't get it on that one. I'm sorry.
But you have a chance. Are you going to redeem yourself on this one?
Yeah, I hope so.
Alright, Zaku sucked on that last one too, so don't worry about it.
Alright, here we go. At least hers made sense.
Here is question number two.
Jamie is very excited, also known as DarkSakura.
Jamie is very excited to be attending the upcoming Best of Live 365 Ceremony in San Francisco.
However, she will not be attending if they do not have any blank at the ceremony.
Alright, DarkSakura is very excited to be attending the upcoming Best of Live 365 Ceremony.
However, she won't be attending if they don't have any blank at the ceremony.
Think about that one for a minute, guests, or sorry, celebrities, please let me know
when you have dinged.
Ding.
Alright, Angel's thinking, I see her with a pen and a paper.
Don't lose hope, Angel, just write the first thing that comes to mind.
She won't be attending if they don't have, and you know that there's other live 365 broadcasters
out there that are listening right now so this is might be important for them
to know that Jamie is not coming unless blank is there so we'll see all right
angel you got it I see her writing good enough okay lemon
lime job you're up first she will not be attending if they do not have any cheese
any cheese all right let's team Zaku says Jamie is very excited to be
attending however she will not be attending the best of life 365 ceremony
if they do not have any Jesus juice at the ceremony Jesus juice not a match
sorry you know Michael Jackson the wine and the diet coke get it all right let's
see it could be it could be a match with on our celebrities though let's find out
dark Sakura she will not be attending if they do not have any booze booze not a
match. Unfortunately, that's not a good enough match what Jesus choose, say I
can't allow that one. Dan the Man. Do we have a mic for Dan the Man? Dan the Man
will not be attending if they do not have any. pie pie excellent answer not a
match sorry Loki she will not be attending if they do not have any
pie pie another one for pie I would have been to go and pick Angela she'll not be
attending if they do not have any yes get this and I said she will not be
attending if they do not have any Guinness I also put Guinness so the
first thing I put Guinness and pie were the two but unfortunately not a match
sorry lemon-lime jump I'm sorry sorry Zaku you have one more chance though
lemon-lime jump one more chance you ready yes all right here it is the last
question question number three question number three as you heard earlier this
this evening, Loki is building a charger for the DS out of Legos. He borrowed this idea
from another website. However, soon, Loki will be writing another Lego building FAQ
for OrangeLoungeRadio.com. It's called, How to build a blank for your PSP. Out of Legos,
All right, he'll be doing another Lego fact how to build a blank for your PSP
Think about that one for a minute celebrities. Let me know when you've dinged
Ding I guess
I'm hearing some ding
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're in the middle of Match Game, Lemon Lime Jump vs. Legend of Zaku on the line.
Two samplers she needs, one for Resident Evil 4 and NBA 2005. It's all tied up. It's nothing right now. We will see.
Alright. Okay, is everybody dinged? Are you dinged? Oh, you want to see some chat room suggestions here, Angel?
okay of course you guys you guys in chat can play along there all right I think
we're ready to go lemon-lime jump you ready yes all right as you heard earlier
this evening Loki is building a charger for the DS out of Legos he borrowed this
idea from another website however soon Loki will be writing another Lego
building fact for orange lounge radio.com it's called how to build a battery
charger battery charger for your PSP a nice logical answer let's see if it pays
off Zaku says how to build a ghetto rigged
iPod 40 gigabytes mmm let's see for your PSP well we will find out dark Sakura
how to build a catapult catapult is not a match I'm sorry
DanTheMan, uh, Loki will be showing how to build a...
Stand of displayness. Stand of displayness out of Legos for the PSP.
Not a match, unfortunately. Loki! Uh, I guess I'll be designing a, um,
a portal to hell device. I don't know. A portal to hell for your PSP. A device to talk to the dead!
Out of Legos. Highlight portal to hell. Still not a match. Angel!
he'll show you how to build a ghetto game dispenser
don't ask I'm not original tonight ghetto game dispenser really is
something to hold your games
and I said that he will be showing how to build a
feeding tube for your PSP unfortunately not a match
so it's all tied up
at 0-0 which means unfortunately lemon lime jump and Zaku have
both lost tonight. Awww. But that's okay because that means they get to split the loot! Yay!
So Lemon Lime Jump, you still win. Aren't you happy? Wow! Alright, since I have you
on the line, that was a genuine excit- wow! Lemon Lime Jump, what do you want? Do you
want the Resident Evil 4 CD or do you want the NBA 2005 CD? Uh, Resident Evil, because
Resident Evil, cause I... wait.
Decisions, decisions.
Yeah.
Alright, Resident Evil. She's taking the Resident Evil 4 soundtrack.
Zaku, you don't go home a loser, you get the NBA 2005 soundtrack.
Thanks so much for playing Lemon Lime Jump. I'll be in touch and chat, alright?
Alright, thanks.
Have a good one, I need to get your address.
Have a good one, thanks for playing.
Later.
You're welcome.
Bye.
I was hoping that it was a woman because I called her a her, and if it was a guy that
would have been really bad.
Are you saying she sounds like a man?
No, I'm saying that some guys, some kids sound like women.
Most of our listeners are male, so it's nice to have some more females listening to the
program alright let's go to a break when we come back from break we're gonna get
into the FUs of the week dig through those Legos Loki I will all right we'll
be back after this we're gonna start it off we're gonna do just a mix of music
here started off with some am3p from old-school DDR we'll be back after this
with more Orange Lounge Radio and the FUs of the week and more stay tuned.
I've got you, I've got you
Oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Girl, give it up, go and run away
To the arms of a magic state
Where you can stay, where you can find yourself
Find yourself, lose your fear
Cause there is no one here
Do what you want to
If you live about something, you know
Give yourself and let the music take you far
Then you will know who you are
Baby, getting higher, getting higher
Moving with a bite, let the rhythm make you smile
You are the one baby, isn't it fun tonight?
You and I, I know we can move if we try You know this is how it could be
Baby, we're getting higher, we're getting higher Open up your eyes, every day is a surprise
You are the one, baby, the only one
Tonight
We're getting higher, we're getting higher
Stars getting near, and I knew you will appear
You are the one, baby, isn't it fun?
Tonight
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
This video is made with the help of Patreon.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
Oh, have you seen this man?
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 137 on this Easter Sunday, March 27,
On what has been quite an interesting show tonight, very interesting vibe going on tonight.
We had some good calls on the skype line a little earlier tonight.
Actually getting out the DDR mat and playing UltraMix live on air.
That was very interesting and getting to rate some of the song pack 9 steps there.
And I've been oogling over Dan's PSP that he's playing there in the corner and I'm jealous
and I want to take it when he's not looking.
But I wouldn't do that because Dan's my bud.
Dan's saying over there is he's playing Lumines, he's all, I am always looking, so,
and I believe it. But Dan was actually telling me that they actually have PSPs
still in his store. Very few, but a few. Which is weird because I was hearing
these stories about, oh my gosh, PSPs are sold out everywhere, and you can't get
one no matter what. Da-da-da. Yeah, Mike, Dan, get Dan a mic. Hey, Lego boy, get Dan a
The only reason we would have any left was because some weren't picked up by the fools
who laid down $50 and just decided they didn't want them.
$50 reserve.
$50 deposit.
Wow.
Oh my gosh, how do people lay down $50 and then forget?
I mean, maybe the $5 pre-order I can see, but $50, man.
And I think it was as of this morning, we had three available for sale, and if they're
still there, you know, when I come in tomorrow morning, I'll be just shocked.
And do you, do these people get their $50 back or no?
Yeah, it's, it's, a GameStop reservation is totally refundable, unlike an EB reservation
that they make you spin in the store because EB sucks.
Now we have some EB employees that listen to this show, so be nice.
They can suck it.
Nice, be nice.
Can't we all just get along?
They eat babies, you know.
That's what EB stands for.
Isn't there enough hate in this world?
No.
I want to spread love here on Orange Lounge.
GameStop and EB should come together in harmony, and then Best Buy could join in.
But not Walmart.
Not Walmart.
Walmart's evil.
Screw EB.
Screw Game Crazy.
Don't screw with the people who work there because they suffer just like I do.
You know I went into a game crazy once and I know I was cheating on you Dan I'm really
sorry but I went into a game crazy because I was having a hard time finding UltraMix
2 and I went in and I said I want UltraMix 2 but not in a bundle and she's like oh we've
got the one here with the pad.
I said not in a bundle.
You obviously didn't come to my store where we've had ass loads of them forever.
I didn't.
As well as red octane ignition pads.
But I ended up going to the GameStop of the street and I did pick up Ultramix 2 there.
They just didn't have it at my usual GameStop.
Fucking A.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dan.
All right.
We do a little segment, we're going to get into the FUs of the Week here shortly, but
before we get into that, we're going to get into a segment we'd like to do here on the
show called the, no, not FNA, we're going to do the DDR Freak Post of the Week.
I know, it's the kiddies one.
Oh, I don't have the kiddies one, actually.
Look at the imaging form.
It's everyone posting pictures of their cat.
I posted Shermie.
No, it's not the kiddie post.
It's bigger than any of those cats.
Was there enough room on the desktop for that?
Oh, you need to shut up.
All right.
Those of you guys listening to Orange Launch Radio
for the first time, welcome.
And DDR Freak, for those that may not know,
because I think some of our new listeners may be unfamiliar with DDR,
it's the largest website out there dedicated to Dance Dance Revolution,
in the video game that really started us off. Although we're about gaming in general now,
DDR is really what started us off. So we still show our love to DER Freak by honoring their
post of the week. And you know it's got a forum with what, like 50,000 users? So there's
always somebody interesting posting. By interesting, you mean stupid, right? Uh, I wasn't gonna
say that. I just, I just got a call as I see it. I actually had a hard time finding like
a really stupid post this week so I found a WTF post so here it is this was
in the DDR console games section and the subject is is anyone this desperate
here's the message I'm am now starting to create step charts on my games that
aren't the right songs that go with the song like I created PS on max 300 for
DDR Max. I'm gonna also make Cartoon Heroes and Across the Nightmare. When I
do this I have the music mute or just have claps in training mode. Does anyone
else do this or am I just weird? Just weird. So if if I'm understanding that
post correctly, he mutes the TV. The whole point of DDR is to dance to the song.
He mutes the TV and creates his own step.
He has step charts for songs that aren't in the game.
They did this a long ass time ago when The Legend of Max was coming out and stuff like that.
They were making, you know, like, Max on Dropout and stuff and putting the steps on there to prepare for it and stuff.
This has been done before.
I did that to an edit that I made once just to listen to it, because you remember my really
evil one that I did to DXY? The Another Edit? It just sounded really cool.
People really really badly want Cartoon Heroes and USDDR. They will go to great lengths to
get this song in DDR and it's just it's just a song guys it's just a song and if
it really means that much to you you'll pay the money get an import PlayStation
I don't know what to tell you all right let's um go to another segment we like
to do here called the F use of the week and what do we do during the F use of
the week we get ranty we do this every single week for you folks that are new
to orange lounge radio we set a bunch of people on fire yes all right so it's
just a chance for us to kind of unload a little bit and feel better by venting um
so dark Sakura why is it we have to do this every single week
I don't really have too much in the way of angst tonight, being that I'm in a generally
good mood, but you know what, Rob?
What?
Big F you goes to your bathroom.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Alright.
Oh yeah, an idiot's on the road.
That's it?
Yeah, cause I'm in a generally good mood.
Wow. That's amazing.
Yeah.
Okay, well let's move on then to
Loki.
Um.
First off,
I'd like to say, um,
if I came at work for taking
taking so long to get back to me on whether or not I have this job. I understand that you're busy, like, interviewing people because they keep stealing people out of your department, but you know, I would like to know, since you promised me, like, the first week that I would know that week, and then you said, oh, they tell you this week, I meant next week, so then I waited for the next week, and then they still haven't let me know, and they suck. Uh, fuck you and my Legos, because I still can't find that goddamn piece in here. I have ten gallons of Legos, and I can't find this one damn piece, and that sucks, but I'm gonna live. Um...
Also, um, fuck you drivers, because there's so many bad drivers out there that are not paying attention, even though most of them seem to be women, and, um, OW!
Nellie gives an F you to me for saying that, and she also gives an F you to me for playing with my Legos.
And F you to the lack of pie, from her.
I'm done.
I'd like to give an FU to the local pizza places for not being open today.
I realize that it's Easter and it's a religious holiday and people are spending times with
their families and yada yada but I put in my time with my family this morning and you
know what you pizza people can do that too is put in your time in the morning and then
be there to make me a pizza in the evening because I'm lazy and I don't cook not even
a F.U. to rob for making me play the dancing game and get tired because I'm out of shape.
Wait until the picture shows up in the paper then he can give me an F.U.
And I would like to give an F.U. to having to wait to find out if I'm going to get this
new apartment or not because I don't like waiting. Waiting sucks.
Alright, let's go on to other folks and their FUs. We'll start it off with DDR Angel.
FU not being able to find my expansion disc for Final Fantasy XI because, I don't know, I just want to install it all at once and then, you know, do that massive patch download and then just play.
play I don't want to you know have to find the discs later and install them
and crap because no just no because that means more downloading patches later and
I'd rather just do it all at once Evita running out of spring break because I
want more but I have school this week so damn it and Evita not playing DVR more
because I really lost my stamina and I really want it back so that means I got
play more. Yeah. More to come later, bye. Does Dan the Man have any FUs? Let's hear
some FUs from Dan the Man. Can we get Dan the Man a mic? Logie. FUs, sorry. Do you have
any FUs of the week, Dan the Man? An FU to me, because I'm addicted to Lumines. An FU
to Rob, for making me look away from Lumines to answer this question. And an FU to Sony,
for shoddy quality control and dead pixels. Fix the fucking problem! Fix it! Thank you.
You're welcome. Back to my game. Let's get to Chat Room FUs. Lezhe Zaku says, F you to
not being able to find a Konami 2DX controller, new or used, for around $50-$60. Well, that's
part of the problem. FU to oldmanwinter for making it the coldest winter ever for New
York. FU to my ever so shitty stamina for holding me back from playing 9-footers in
DDR. And FU to sucking horribly at playing 2DX in the arcades. DarkTetsuya says a continued
FU to G4 for killing off the screensavers. And FU to whatever corrupted my extreme US
data, several months of work, gone. Dark Knight says, my F.U. goes to my job for opening on
Easter Sunday. Know that the rest of the mall was closed, so we were the only store in the
mall open today and it was slooooow. SSJ100 Matt says, F.U. not being able to get into
the anime convention in Arizona. It turns out they only let 850 people in, thus shutting
out hundreds of anime fans. Wow, that is poor planning. I wasn't pissed. Shame shame. Real
quick, I'd like to give an F.U. to C. Herpes. I have C. Herpes. It's Herpes coming from
lobsters. Quit ruining the show. I'm just kidding. Uh, fs200mat also says F.U. to Golf
for closing the arcade the only day I have off and for Ivan Drago killing
Apollo Creed gotta love the never-ending Rocky movie marathon on AMC lemon-lime
jump says f you two websites that don't show up properly in Firefox black
devil or X says f you to the fact that I haven't been able to listen lately f you
the fact that it's Easter and I didn't get any candy at all are you sure
somebody didn't secretly give you a peanut butter cup because they'll be
really ticked off if they hear that DJ Tyrant says f you to spring break being
only one week knowing almost for certain that I won't be qualifying at RDC in San
Diego for in the groove World of Warcraft taking over my life 2d x9 style
not at my house yet electric Avenue not upgrade needed to DX red and school
Sephiroth1215 says F you for 1gig memory sticks being so damn expensive and to Best Buy for
still not sending out my Lumines forcing me to play Metal Gear which is cool but can get
tiring.
And they are telling me that I'm mispronouncing Lumines, it's actually Luminous.
I don't care.
Sorry.
I like Lumines better.
Luminous.
the
and not of the and allusion that after the last week's robot tomato tomato
allusion that after the last week's robot chicken for sucking all kinds of
ass I swear I did laugh even
hey you know what this last week wasn't nearly as good as past week
a rumor from where I heard because I know they have a segment in there is
called kill bunny and I know they're gonna play it today because it's Easter
and it's Jesus as the bride from Kill Bill killing the Easter Bunny in Santa
Claus gotta love that how you gonna top that okay 1130 tonight
you know on the East Coast you got a TiVo it you know we have to listen we
need to make them pay for those ads you know I can't help it the show kicks ass
illusion also says F you to being sick and missing one day of school I was so
close to getting a perfect attendance certificate and I didn't get it because
Because of sickness, oh and all your bases are belong to Robitron 2002.
MPQ says F you to myself for knowing some obscure Kanji that a lot of Japanese people
don't when I can't speak any Japanese.
F you to sampling masters mega for making a really catchy song that I can't find.
F you to that PSP golf game I preordered that doesn't come out until June.
And I guess FU did that StepMania theme for changing the pie that I was looking for.
P.I.?
Pie?
I don't know.
DJ Rama S says, Fuck you to the Parks Department for canceling our photo shoot in Central Park.
Permit my ass.
I'm sending Manfay after you.
Manfay, sorry.
John Field says, FU to being lazy and not catching up on my schoolwork.
Rice RYC3 says F you to Planet X slash GameStop for the longest fucking line I've been in
at the mall for the PSP. The end. Hi guys. And lastly, DJ Takuya says F you for not having
a 2DX machine in Virginia. And if I horribly mispronounce your name, my bad. Another F
segment bites the dust all right we're gonna do a quickie break and when we
come back from this break we're gonna do some ask orange lounge and then we're
gonna wrap it up so send some questions to sky in the chat room with any
questions you have for us and we will get to them when we come back from this
break featuring huh well you want it well I already played lemmings during
nephews so we'll do the end of groove thing later we'll do some taco start it
off. We'll be back after this. Couple songs, just two songs this break. With Ask Orange
Lounge. We'll be back.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
And in the midst of all these troubles And in the midst of all these troubles
From books, from books, from books
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and we want to get into some Ask Orange Lounge.
So I guess we're just gonna get right into it.
I was going to think if maybe there was another news segment we wanted to do, but eh, F the
news.
We're just going to get into some Ask Orange Lounge because we want, we want to show our
listeners a little love and entertain their questions.
So if you have a question, just head on over to orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat, and
once you get in the chatroom, just ask somebody, they'll tell you how to submit a question
because you already missed me putting in the chatroom how you ask questions.
But somebody will fill you in.
We have some nice people in chat.
Let's ask OrangeLounge
some stupid question.
What will we find out tonight on OrangeLounge Radio?
Something people want to know
is will we tone it down
because we got nominated broadcaster of the year and my answer is HELL NO!
And for those who want to know, yes, the song is supposed to suck that bad.
Somebody in chat actually asked me, are you guys toning it down tonight because of the
broadcaster of the year thing?
And I'm like, no, we're just kind of, I don't know.
It's the ham, the sedatives and the ham.
Yeah, actually, I think it is because we've all eaten really well today, even though we
did not get pie.
We ate very well.
Sorry, Nelly.
Don't be pouty face.
We've all eaten very well, so I think we're just a little happier today.
Nelly, please put that on cam.
OrangeSongsRadio.com.
Nelly will be showing her LEGO creations there on cam.
We have a lot of freaking questions to get to in very little time, so let's get to it.
DJ Takuya says, what are your thoughts on the flyer announcing 2DX12 Happy Sky?
thought is I like the name but you know what it's just a flyer I can't really
start forming opinions until I see like some more screenshots and some song
titles that's my opinion anybody else care to interject I have to say I love
the flyer so far I just hope the timing on the flyer is still pretty good the
look kickass about that flyer so goddamn versatile paperwad paper airplane little
like, you know, Pac-Man thing. Hat. Sailboat. Fucking kick-ass game. If the flyers is cool,
the game's gotta be awesome. All right. Usually, you're pretty funny. I don't know what happened
tonight. It is an off night, isn't it? The Legos leached his soul. I guess so. DJTakuya
What do you think is the future of 2DX for the console with PS3 looming in the future?
Me personally, I think they'll finish out with 2DX Red at least on the PS2.
Don't know what will happen after that though. It just kind of depends what new features they start adding into the future 2DX releases.
Like if we see that 2DX Happy Sky is going to be on this crazy new hardware and stuff, then I'd imagine that's where it's going to upgrade.
For now, I think I would continue to see it as a PS2 series.
Maybe that's just me. Any thoughts on that, DarkSakura?
I don't even want to think about the future systems until I actually have something tangible on them.
So speculation, I'm not going to.
Alright.
Oh, DanTheMan.
And remember, generally the Bimani games are real slow to adapt to new hardware.
since the ps3 will be backwards compatible unless they do something
crazy go nuts with the arcade version you can probably expect to see it
playable on ps2 for a good long time until they absolutely have to start
making it for ps3 okay good point all right let's go to a question from black
devler X what piece is Loki missing I downloaded the zip from the site and
and notice that I have a lot of the special pieces. Maybe he can describe it.
I don't want to hear what special pieces Loki's missing from his list.
Yeah, how is the Lego construction going over there? It's the one that looks like a seat,
and I'm on step four right now, because I've started running out of black pieces.
And again, for those that tuned in late tonight's show, Loki is building a charger
for the Nintendo DS
out of Legos, and that's something that's actually on the website over at
www.orangesontradar.com. I have a question for anyone in our chat room.
How do I freakin' download streaming
movies as to permanently non-streaming, like recording them?
Things driving me nuts. Send a private message over to Dark Zulker if you know the
answer. I'm sure she'll appreciate it.
She'll love you forever and ever. Or send me a freakin'
non-streaming copy of that new video.
Um, let's see.
I'd like to make a comment about the episode 3 trailer.
Yes, yes, Loki, comment on episode 3 trailer since it came out.
There is a downloadable version out there, you just have to find it because I have it on my computer at work.
Alright. RPGKing7 wants to know, my question is for everyone in studio and in the chat room.
Can anyone give me any good cosplay websites, please?
I was asked for a job interview I have to cosplay a favorite movie character.
character hmm interesting I said that's a hell of an interview I got to say but
okay good cosplay tips favorite movie well who's your favorite movie character
geez well but go to the thrift store but what if I but the question is about
cosplay websites are there any good cosplay websites I have a calm cosplay
calm is there really one okay or you can order some of those cosplay magazines
that they have you know any the names of any of them one I don't know and it's
There's also, I think, cospa.net, or.co.jp is C-O-S-P-A, it's a Japanese cosplay site,
but they have individual pieces there.
Oh, okay.
You can see what they look like.
Um, hopefully some folks in the chatroom can help out with that, too.
You know, you can sometimes find costume pieces on eBay.
They sell everything on eBay.
It's pretty crazy.
Loki, any help with the cosplay question?
No, I didn't.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Alright.
Good luck, bud.
Get that job. If you're going to dress up as a movie character, dress up as, what did they call her? What was the name of the diva from the fifth element?
The diva. The diva, was that just her name? I thought she had a name. Dress up as her.
Alright, Illusion has a question. I heard a rumor that DJ Potato's company will be publishing the next frequency game. Have you heard anything about this?
I don't think there is a company the closest thing I think you might be
thinking of is neon FM and the reason why it might be getting mixed up with
frequency is because freeze-pop is showing up in neon FM you can look at
the website neon FM calm but I don't know of any frequency amplitude thing
that he's involved with I mean I guess anything's possible but a rumor is a
rumor as far as I'm concerned Loki you have anything you want to add to that I
I honestly didn't know you had a company.
Um, no, I think he's thinking the NFM to be honest.
So, no idea.
And it's definitely not frequency.
They're still talking about doing like a...
There's a petition out there for like a new frequency or amplitude game.
So, I don't know.
I read a...
Nothing yet.
I read an article where someone basically asked if they were doing it for the PSP.
Sonny said they had no plans too.
So, probably not.
Prabha Laguna was the name of the diva. Thank you.
SSJ100Matt, what's a good price to whore yourself?
We'll answer just about anything on here. I spent all my money on the PSP this week
and I need money slash zenny slash gil. How are you going to get gil by being a whore?
Are you going to whore out your character in Final Fantasy XI?
I've actually seen people do this in Final Fantasy XI.
They play the little Taru characters, and then they'll say, we'll do the panic dance
for 100 Gil.
Which if you don't, if you've never played Final Fantasy XI, there's this little fruity
little dance the Tarus do when you type slash panic.
They go, ah, ah.
They do this little dance.
It's really cute, and people always want to see it.
So I suppose you could always whore the slash panic dance.
Otherwise, if you're going to whore yourself in real life, for the love of God, use protection.
Don't reproduce if you're going to be whoring yourself.
Honestly, don't whore yourself for a PSP.
It's not worth it.
PSPs are nice and all, but don't whore yourself for one.
Totally worth it.
Whore yourself out.
A buck a pop if you have to, get a PSP.
What's the standard?
50 for a BJ?
I think it's inflation 50 for an HJ 100 for a BJ sucky fucky five bucky you know
what just go on the internet and answer like a personal ad from a sugar daddy or
a sugar mommy maybe you might even find old lady sugar mommy depending on what
you're into and then you can get anything you want just by putting out
and you only have to put out for one person and if it is a sugar mommy
me chances are she doesn't have the organs to reproduce anymore they've you
know stopped working a while ago so you might look out why did I answer that
question um I'm an idiot let's see we've got a lot of questions tonight so I'm
trying to get through some of them here jaded 2005 wants to know my girlfriend
who is listening wants to know hi girlfriend who's listening wants to know
how did you come up with your name how do we come up with the orange launch
Radio name. Guilty! Yes, DarkSakura, how did that work? Basically, DDR Freak Radio was
taken, actually. That's why we're, no, uh. We were trying to think of Bimani sounding
station names, and Orange Lounge came out just because, you know, lounge music. Right,
right. Blah, blah, blah. Um. And we were bored on the part. You got it, and actually we started
about the same time the DDR Freak, we were around like just throughout the same time,
so it's just kind of a coincidence there. But with the whole Orange Lounge thing, I
think we knew that we wanted the central piece of the station to be the talk
program, so we were trying to think of a Bahmani-related name, because we're not tied
to any website or anything, so we couldn't be, you know, DDR Freak or DDR
Spot or Bahmani Style Radio or any of that stuff, so we had to think of something
independent, and since we knew we wanted to focus around the talk program, the
lounge name in Orange Lounge just kind of sounded appropriate, and it just
worked out. So we were named this because Orange Lounge has a good name, which is
It's really funny because now that we're getting this additional exposure because of the nominations
on Live 365, people think that we're our lounge music station, like we sit here and we play
lounge music.
And don't get me wrong, lounge music's pretty rad, but we're actually video game radio,
so it kind of throws people, they're like, whoa, I was expecting lounge music, what's
this geeky stuff?
I wish we had a more interesting story than that, but that's really just it.
We just picked a Bomani-related name for our show.
we can fit in one more question. We'll do it from Legend of Zaku, and sorry to those
of you guys that also submitted questions, we didn't get to them tonight. I apologize,
we'll get to them next week, send them in later. Legend of Zaku wants to know, so, now
that you're moving, and Orange Lounge Radio might have its own room, how do you plan to
design it? Are you going to use a ferret theme? Well, technically, it won't be just Orange
Lounge Radio's room, because my new roommate is not related to the station. He knows I'd
do it, and he thinks it's pretty funny, but he has never been on the show. That'll probably
change, though, once we move. But it would not be fair to make the room just Orange Lounge
Radio. It's going to be a computer office. But it probably will be a little bit geeky.
It probably will have game posters. Maybe, you know what I should do? This would be a
great idea. Allow the listeners to send us decorations. That way, I don't have to worry
about it, and people buy me stuff. I like that idea.
That's an excellent idea.
Oh, I think that's a great idea. So, the listeners will be decorating the walls of the new studio.
I like that idea we'll give you guys details on that later thank you and yes
actually the ferret will be hanging from a noose on the ceiling just high enough
so that dark soccer can't reach it all right that's gonna do it for tonight's
ask orange lounge thank you guys very much for submitting your questions and
that's just about it for tonight's show you guys we're just about out of time
Thanks so much for tuning in tonight and listening. We hope you had a good time.
We're gonna go around now and get everybody's final thought.
DDR Angel, your final thought.
More DDR this week, please. Just kidding. I can do it on my own, I guess.
DanTheMan, your final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is, I'm running out of black pieces.
It's almost done!
My final thought is,
I'm really craving a marshmallow peep right now. And no, I'm not going to microwave it.
Oh, and I get to touch the PSP. Oh.
So hot. I'm just going to sit over here and ogle.
DarkSakura, your final thought? Where are my lasers at?
all right you're forgetting somebody what sorry
thank you guys for tuning in tonight next week more randomness here on
orange lounge radio some more segments hopefully we're gonna be doing another
giveaway next week also talking about the latest news and what's going on we're
gonna try and get some different special guests next week so we're trying to line
up some special guests for next week should be a good show come back on them
for that we can't tell you what we got though until everything's confirmed
Also, coming to the station very soon, some big changes.
I know we've been saying that for like the past two months, but we're really serious,
so we'll let you know about that when time gets closer.
But for the meantime, I have a PSP to play, so we gotta end this.
So the final word of the show, Nellie, one word, sum it all up.
does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Six feet under
And I can't still hear her complain
She pissed so much
She drove me nuts
And now I'm happier this way, yeah
I knew I'd miss her
So I had to keep her
She's buried right in my backyard
That's right folks
She's buried right in my backyard
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
You
All right, for those of you guys that are requesting songs, I'm so sorry, but we don't
have time because we have to get to taping our podcast for tonight.
We are updating our Bomani Music and More program, though, to include some of those
In the Groove songs you guys have been asking about, and as well as some other stuff, lots
of big variety coming to the station soon.
So please check out our Bomani Music and More program, which runs 24 hours a day, seven
days a week on the station when we're not here.
For now, we're signing off for tonight. Please reconnect to the station.
