Is everyone Chicken Factory, an old school play?
It is so
old
I am sorry
Yes, we are
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 136 for this Sunday, March 20th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the gaming scene's most fanatical radio station of all things B. Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye, or you might know me as That Guy, or Asshole, or, yeah.
Also joining me, as always, say hello to my lovely co-host, Ms. Dark Sackroyd, Jamie Sommers!
I am the lord of the dance!
Are you now?
No.
Also joining us, say hello to our other lovely co-host, uh, Loki!
Hi.
And also joining us tonight, we have special guests.
We have Loki's fiance, who never speaks.
Hello.
Wow! We got her to say something.
We have, um, and that'll be it for the whole show.
We have Ditter Angel.
Is the mic on over there?
There we go.
Got turned on.
That's right.
Now we can hear you.
What'd you call me?
What'd you call me?
Ditter Angel.
Um, I guess, yeah, sure. Um, wrong.
And also say hello to somebody who hasn't been here in a while. Usually accompanies Ditter Angel to the shows, but I hear he's got that work thing going on, but he's here tonight. Say hello to Nygoss!
Eh, that work thing's a bitch, ain't it?
Yeah. Real life sucks. That is the motto of Orange Laundrado, by the way. Real life sucks.
We've got a fun show for you guys tonight. Well, at least we're going to try.
Some actual Bahmani news to talk about. A whole lot of Night Style news going on right now this week.
A whole lot of regular gaming news going on as well, because you know, you've got the PSP coming out next week.
So, definitely want to talk about Night Style. Our whole first break is about Night Style.
And of course, your favorite segments here on Orange Launch Radio, such as the Cage match, FUs of the Week,
Yes
Kicking somebody in the balls and
How was your week? How is your day or as I'm going to call it the El mullet Honorary
How is your week? How is your day? Because he's such a big fan of the segments, so
that'll be up first when we come back the El mullet Honorary, how was your week, how was your day after this break and
In this break, we're gonna hear some music from nine sound. We're gonna start it off with some fun
It's fun
Yeah, Bahmani is fun. Yeah
Yeah, sure.
Fun.
Fun.
fun
You
You
Orange Lounge Radio
Bomani Music, and more.
Perfect!
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed that break of Night Style.
Starting it off with a little bit of fun by Mr. T.
Karma, Taku, Starfield by Sada, and Rick being remixed by Hisashi and Nawata with Rizlum, the remix there.
Hope you enjoyed that.
Or if you're Jamie, you didn't enjoy that, I don't know.
dot, dot, dot. What is your problem with Night Style, anyway? I love Night Style.
Stupid timing bullshit, which I hope they fixed in the home version.
We will find out very soon. I'm gonna order mine just so I can have it. I'm still missing
Fourth Style, though. Yeah. Oh, man.
You know, Night Style actually brought a lot of songs over from Fourth Style in
their returning songs, like
Empathy, hello, like one of the best Taku songs ever. They brought back for Night Style.
That makes me happy.
Empathy pisses me off. But I love Empathy! It still pisses me off. You shut your mouth!
Okay. For the next, for the next break, I will do some forest-style music just to make you happy. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
Oh my god, I finally did the little flash game on the, uh, the, uh, grudge site, and it's kind of spooky.
Speaking of, uh, you know, Japanese movies that became American movies, did you get a chance to go see Ring 2 yet?
No.
I hear it's crap, which makes me sad because the first one is seriously one of the greatest horror movies.
Because it hardly deviated from the original.
I'm going to go see it, but I'm still waiting for Darkwater.
But I want to buy the book first.
I'm so happy because Loop is going to be out soon.
Really?
Loop is the third book in the Ring series, which, if you read the books, it goes in a completely different direction.
Although, from watching the trailers of Ring 2, it sort of seems like a tie-in almost.
Hm.
Cuz I could spoil it for a bunch of people.
No!
The book series.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
I don't know who here is actually going to read the books.
Come on.
Does any of our listeners look like they read?
I'm just kidding.
I'm totally kidding you guys.
Does they or do they?
Exactly.
I am smart.
Do I look like I read?
Yeah, I got you that Harry Potter book and you never read it.
I, I, now wait a minute, I read two chapters.
Give me a break.
I, I do want to read Harry Potter someday. You can read.
Anyway, uh, starting off...
Starting off tonight's show...
actually before we get into the El Mullet honorary how was your week, how was your day segment
I want to give a little bit, I want to give a bit of congratulations
to some individuals out there and in my honest opinion no one deserves
congratulations more so than us
so I would like to congratulate us because as of today
effective now we are officially Orange Lawn Radio
a legal partnership and so that means what does that mean I know who cares
right
What does that mean? We are taking the first step in becoming a
legitimate business operation.
Woohoo, we're media. Woohoo. Woohoo.
We're gonna have our paparazzi.
And what was great is that when we were filling out the documents, you know, there's all this legal mumbo jumbo
and there's this bit in there about
how to settle a dispute. And it's talking about, you know,
if the partners cannot settle a dispute, then the argument will be settled by
arbitration from the American Arbitration Association.
And we decided, you know, we ought to actually settle these things with like a DDR match.
Or, I was about to say that too. Or, I was,
I also had suggested a cream corn
wrestling cage match. If it's chess I'll win. He totally will win, I suck at chess, I'm horrible.
Alright, anyway, so we're officially on our way.
Which you know that means, because we are officially becoming a business,
you can expect pop-ups to be coming to the site effective tomorrow. No, I'm kidding.
until I get we will not be having pop-up ads on the site pop-up ads are evil and
half of you guys have them blocked anyway so what good would it do anyway
so congratulations to us we all right and if you would like to send a cash
congratulations a cash notice or a cash thank you like now for you yeah just
send that to you could just you can address those care of rob at orange
ons radio.com and I'll make sure those get you know forwarded appropriately all
Alright, and now for the El Mullet honorary how was your week, how was your day segment?
A little bit about us and how our day is going.
I worked.
Jamie.
I worked, I went to school, yay, I exercised a lot, yay, um, I actually though, I was all
nervous about my photoshop assignment and then I found that he postponed in another
two weeks.
Excuse me and I just burped, nacho burp.
Anyway, um, it was, it was very cool, um, yesterday I hung out with, um, Tia and some
of her friends, and I went to Curves. I had never been before.
Isn't Curves the place that plays Jesus music while you work out?
No, they played, like, dance music. Oh. I heard they play Jesus music. That's why,
you know, that's why my mom stopped going. No, this is the one downtown.
Oh, well, I guess maybe it's different. It depends on which one you go to, because
I think they're sort of I think they're franchised. Well, maybe that's it then. But this one was downtown
It was kind of neat. It wasn't, you know, the exercise I need but I still got a workout out of it
But it uses resistance machine machines and these bouncy things that you hop up and down on in between to the resistance machines
And you're only doing this like 15-30 seconds each time
But as you go through a couple of circuits of it, you're like whoo tired
But it wasn't really, I was tired but not like fatigued, not like I'm supposed to be.
I didn't hurt.
And unless it hurts, for me, it's not a workout.
So today I played like three hours of Silent Hill 3 and sat around on my ass and that was
about it.
It rained.
It was thundering and lightning last night.
Oh my gosh, the thunder woke me up at like 3 o'clock in the morning.
I was so scared.
Oh, it helped me sleep.
Thank you for reminding me, by the way.
In case the storms come back, just to alert all our listeners, if we suddenly drop, like
we're suddenly disconnected, that means the Orange Lounge Studios got hit with lightning.
It stopped raining, though.
So, yeah, I know, but, you know, you never know, it might pick back up.
It doesn't thunder and lightning here by my standards.
I know, I know.
I have fried four modems, personally.
Understand, we here on the West Coast, and I realize we're an international show, we
We here on the West Coast are big pussies when it comes to storms, because it just doesn't
rain here like it does on the East Coast, okay?
I know, I'm familiar with how it rains on the East Coast.
We don't get hurricanes or any of that shit, so like when it starts raining hard and there's
a lot of lightning, we're like, oh my god, run!
And then I sit back and laugh.
We got our first tornado, like in ten years.
We had a tornado, like two weeks ago, and people were freaking out because it actually
touched down.
Now granted, I think it may be like picked up a cow and moved it six feet, and that was
like the extent of the damage, but yeah, I mean people were freaking out, they're like
oh my god a tornado!
Just bear in mind, if we suddenly drop, just keep this mental image in mind, we're all
piled up in the bathtub and Rob is on top.
Don't you know it, I will be on top.
If we drop it means the tornado dropped a cow on us.
There's no place like Orange Lounge, there's no place like Orange Lounge.
Auntie Em! Auntie Em!
themselves. My mom's like a Jewish hag. Like, she's a total goy, okay? But, I don't know
what you'd call that. But, so she was like, you know, out of respect for her Jewish friends,
she said, you know, I don't think they should be playing Jesus music here because that might
be offensive to some people. So, I just thought that was interesting. That's my, that's the
story about my mom and Curves. It was in Roseville, which I realize means nothing to you guys
that are out there listening internationally. But imagine, like, a town that is really white
and has no culture whatsoever. That's Roseville.
And you have to pay long distance to call, like, into Sacramento.
Yeah, seriously, and there's a-
You guys are so far removed from reality.
There's a Starbucks on every corner. I mean, I don't know how to split it.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Um, I'm gonna keep going for the rest of the week just because I have a free week.
Um, I'm gonna ask her, though, if she'll let me do a write-up on it,
I'm wanting to promote, you know, more fitness for everybody.
You know, people need to get off their asses and actually do something for their health,
so I'm hoping that I can do a nice write-up on it and encourage people that if, you know,
the good thing about this is that it's an all-women gym, so if you're feeling self-conscious
–
Sorry, go ahead.
I'm not laughing at that.
I'm laughing at something else.
In general, though, like for women in general, there are – there's coverings on the windows
nobody can peek in and watch you. It's because you all exercise topless right?
No. See that would be hot and all topless too. And they are very encouraging and since it's so small you
don't have to worry about a big gym full of people at different because
everybody is going to be at their own fitness level but everybody's really
supportive so it's a really good place for someone who may be new to exercise
or looking just to lean up a bit not necessarily bulk up or is self-conscious.
They, the reason why I was giggling is because they have a guy's, they have an all-guy gymnasium
called CUTS.
Yeah, it's the same thing I think.
But they don't cover the windows, like, you know.
Well, Rob just made a valid case for cross-dressing.
It would, oh whatever, this is not a bad episode of Bosom Buddies, okay?
My life is not an episode of Bosom Buddies.
I am not that interested in going to curves just to check out women exercising.
Although...
Well, you wouldn't.
This is interesting because, going into my, I'll just start with my week and my day since
this kind of leads into it.
I was actually apartment hunting today, scouting out where the new home of Orange Lawn Studios
will be for a little while.
Oh, I thought you said you were done.
No, I went to go blow my nose.
Oh, I'm sorry, well then go ahead and finish and I'll tell my piece.
The rest of it was spent working on my wedding, which I signed up for this online wedding
thing.
They had me budgeted at $15,000, which I find incredibly retarded.
I chopped it down to 5,000, and that's just for the essentials of having a very basic
ceremony and paying for food.
And then I did some house hunting, and found out that those online foreclosure sites suck.
So I'm going to have to see about getting a bank less somewhere.
And now I'm done.
Okay.
Oh yeah, apartment hunting.
Okay, so I was apartment hunting today.
And me and my buddy Christopher, you know, we're both, you know, if you haven't heard,
I happen to be a gay male, and my buddy Christopher is also a gay male.
I don't think we exactly exude gay when we go out in public.
I mean, I realize people figure me out after spending quality time with me, but I think
when I go in in a professional setting, I don't think I'm like, you know, hi everybody!
You know, I don't think I'm like Richard Simmons gay, okay?
Like I think I'm pretty, you know, quote unquote just like everybody else.
I don't know how to say it. I'm on low heat, yes. If gayness was an oven setting, I'm like
hold warm. That's me. My flames are hold warm.
You're not like Lagerfeld. No, I'm not like Carl Lagerfeld.
You don't have the fan. No, I don't carry a fucking fan. I mean,
that stuff. Your ab would fucking make you differ on that
one, though. Well, we went to an apartment complex today.
We went to an apartment complex, and when we walked in, the guy was like, okay, what
kind of size apartment are you interested in getting in?
We said, well, maybe like a two or three bedroom. And he's like, oh, you guys don't want a one
bedroom?" And we were like, uh, it's, it's not like that. And he's like, oh, okay. Like,
he just assumed that we were together and we wanted a one bedroom. And I realized that
it's possible for heterosexual males to share a one bedroom, like college, you know, things
like that. That's perfectly normal. But it's, like, once you get to be 26, you know, unless
you're poor. Yeah, time, it's about time to get your own bedroom unless, you know, you're
poor. But I like to think I make reasonably good money where I can afford my own bedroom,
and so does Christopher. So anyway, my point. He was giving us the tour. So now we're straight
in his minds because, you know, he offended us with the gay comment. So we were walking
around and he showed us the gymnasium and there were these two girls and they were pretty
attractive. These two girls that were in the gymnasium work it out and he's like, yeah,
we got girls that work out in this gym. And the girls, like you could tell, were embarrassed.
And I was just like, oh, those poor girls. And like I just wanted to tell them, you have
nothing to worry about. I'm not checking you out in that kind of way. I'm strictly looking
at the equipment you're using but you know I don't want to go there yeah I was
checking out their equipment that's a very top-heavy equipment there at the
gymnasium anyway so yeah apartment hunting that was my um how's my day oh
what else I do this week I went to Country Club lanes yesterday which is
one of our local arcades it's the 24-hour arcade here in Sacramento and so
I got to play a little bit in the groove I'll um you know which I've been playing
a little more and more of. I'm really trying to warm up to In The Groove. Nothing's really
changed on my opinion on it. But I also played Beatmania 3, 6 Mix, and I got to watch Andrew
play Instant Love, which was the shit, because I love that song. But I was pissed off because
the two-player side, all the keys were broken, so I cannot play center mode. And I am a turntable
left kind of guy, so that's why Beatmania 5 Key Machines pissed me off, because I have
to play center and it's all weird but left pride yo I guess that's my week I
don't have anything else interesting to share left pride in my ass you know what
you want to settle this with a cream corn match no all right this could be
our first dispute this could be our first official dispute all right Wow I
feel all official and shit okay let me go to the pantry get some corn Magus you
You have a mic. Tell us about your weekend or day.
Alright. Just, well, mostly all the same. Work, school, work, school, work, school.
Finally got sick of it. Took a weekend off. Went to RecaCon yesterday. Shout-outs to everyone there.
Came in day after just completely blowing my legs out on DDR, and the rest is going on right now.
Nothing much to talk about, though.
Alright, how boring you are. Just kidding.
He's a working boy now. Jamie, this boy has grown up so fast right before our eyes.
Good.
Remember when-
I smell a repressed dot dot frickin' dot.
Remember when he was an angsty little Republican asshole?
Now he's only a semi-angsty Republican asshole.
With a sense of responsibility.
That's okay, we'll beat the partisanship out of you.
It's not like I'm crawling in my skin or anything.
And you know I love you.
In a heterosexual way.
In a heterosexual top-heavy way.
Angel!
Hey, as long as it's top-heavy.
Angel.
You're weak in your day.
Stop laughing.
I can't help it.
Stop laughing. This is a serious discussion.
Oh really?
You're the one holding nachos in your lap.
Anyway.
needed to know that. No, but yeah, they were just there, whatever. I don't know, just work
in school and I had finals this week, so yay. Half of my school days are done for right
now and that's cool because it's going to be a much lighter load in the next nine weeks
so that's cool. Not much going on, I guess, except for Racket Con yesterday, which was
I got to see all the people that I haven't seen in like two years, so...
Residence of East Contra Costa County.
anime convention. Okay, cool. I wanted to go. I saw we. That's alright. If anybody that
went to Wreck-A-Con is listening, please don't tell me how fabulous the convention was, because
I'm quite bitter. I'm just kidding, I'll get over it. Wendell sends his love. Aw, I miss
Wendell. And Jahi, and everyone else. Aw, I'm gonna play the Step Squad promo after
the next break, so I can hear them. Yay! Okay. Anyway, yeah, so, everyone was there, it was
cool I got chased by an agent that was weird oh I thought you said I got chased
by an Asian no I'm like what we had an agent Smith cosplayer oh let's just say
he's been discouraging me from playing playing MXO lately my you were playing
this I sense a dispute and cream corn I see a
I'm tempted to think that they're going to turn into that Agent Smith cosplayer.
Out of curiosity, how is MXO? Like, besides, I saw Loki play it for like 15 minutes, but that was about it?
It needs work, but it's got potential.
Okay.
Sega and, you know, Warner Bros. are completely new to MMOs, so they got a lot to learn from, say, Final Fantasy XI, World of Warcraft, or even EverQuest. They've still got a lot to learn.
And that was your MMO update. Sorry, Angel.
As I just taunted in front of the mic, that was funny.
Alright, um, let's see. Yeah, record's on yesterday.
CCL last night. Yay for CCL, or something. Damn those card systems! Damn them!
Those stupid cards you wouldn't rate, and I'm going, what the hell?
Oh, I know. What is up with arcades that use cards?
Yeah, cards with a little magnetic strip on the back so it looks like it's all important or something.
The card for CCL is ugly, too.
I'm gonna go put the card up on the webcam, www.orangelonsradio.com.
It's not fugly, it's more fugly.
People are wondering when MXO is. The Matrix Online.
Yes.
Put the card on the cam.
And other than that, not much except for coming to show today.
So there's not that much in my life going on.
Yet.
Or something except for spring break starting tomorrow
Yay, spring break whoo-hoo
Where I'm going to do nothing but play MMOs all week or something
What you're not going to nude beach you dumbass
Really screw the nude beach I'm gonna go to curves because they all exercise topless there
at the nude beach, heck yeah
alright anyway
is that it angel? yes okay sorry that's right hand the mic off to loki
why loki why do you have gummy bears stuck to your forehead I don't
what the hell I was bored I don't know
because they stick that's why
Yeah, it's because I touch myself at night.
I don't know.
It's pretty stuck. Want to eat it off?
Oh, that is gross! Oh my god! Such blatant heterosexuality in my home.
Anyways, just so you guys know, because this isn't TV,
Loki's fiance just ate the gummy bear off of his forehead
and like totally licked his forehead in the process. You don't know where that's been.
I put worse things in my nose off his body, too.
Do we have a bleeper? Do we have a dump button or a bleeper?
Oh wait, I forgot we're internet.
No, so, what did I do this week? Not much. I interviewed for my games position. I did really well.
What are you doing?
doing? And so, like, what else did I do? Oh, well, I interviewed really well for it, so
I'm going to get it. Yeah. So, that's game sales position and I get to sell games and
I hopefully get free games and that kind of wonderful stuff. It pays more money, so that's
all that's good. More presents for me. Yeah, sure. Anyways. Yeah, this one broke her wedding
ring engagement ring it was salty craftsmanship do not shop at Zales but
they will give you a new ring if you break your other one like a brand new
one that's shiny yeah they suck but anyways then we got pretzels and that
was cool I love those goddamn pretzels you just eat them and you want more and
more and all mall pretzels are the shit with like the mustard mrs. fields
Pretzel time pretzels are the fucking bomb. You eat them and you're just like,
need more. More. Crack. More.
You can get those huge soft, like, pretzels at Costco.
Yeah, they're not the same. Not the same at all. I know, but they're close. They're so good.
It's like, I bought four one time and I ate them all.
And when I got full, I waited until I became un-full and I ate them at rest. It's just
that good. That's like me and drumsticks. Like the ice cream
I know, they're so good. So then, what else did we do this week?
Um, we, uh, let's see here.
Got the apartment stuff finalized, so we're going to be moving into our place on the 16th
of next month, and then, um,
there's some other stuff I did. Loki and I will no longer be living together
as of next month. Freedom! And I'll be, um,
living with Nellie. Aw. Wait a minute,
You're moving in together before you're married?
Sinners living in sin?
Whatever.
Okay, anyways, so, um...
How did you know the name of our apartment complex?
So, um, we're at...
My household will be all gay.
Ew!
We should move into, like, the same thing.
Anyway, sorry, we keep cutting Loki off.
Anyways, um...
So, I played a lot of Final Fantasy this week, as usual,
just because I can't. I would be playing other games, but some person hasn't returned my Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, so I haven't been able to play that. So I got bored and I bought more games. I bought Dog's Life and Gran Turismo 4, and I must say I can't drive for shit in Gran Turismo 4. I have the first thing you do, and I don't know why people do this, at least I did, is you drive your car. You pick your car in the game, and so I picked my Ford Focus, and guess what?
But it sucks! It's not a racecar! Then, then I was playing the rally mode where you basically...
Well, as a reminder, you won't afford. Whatever. Anyways, so I was playing, um, the rally mode
or whatever, versus, like, they had some, like, really nice Subaru rally car, you know,
versus the boat that I picked, and obviously the rally car beat my boat, and that pissed
me off. So, yeah, so, anyways, but I'll talk more about those games on the podcast, which
you can download every week. Ha ha! Um, so yeah, I did that, and, um, all I must say,
a little teaser for the podcast, I've been throwing poop on cars. Poop on cars. He's
not kidding. Not kidding. As a dog, I've taken shits in places I've never known that I could
take shits in. And so, it's a very fun game. You gotta seriously try it. And Gran Turismo
4, beautiful. Gran Turismo 4 is a sexy game. It looks very sexy. They have, like, this,
like, really, like, operatic, you know, like, music in the beginning, and I'm like, what
the hell? But I miss the Cardigans song that was in Gran Turismo 2. They have Crystal Method
in this, this game, which is pretty cool. I haven't seen the soundtrack list yet, but
It had some Crystal Method in there, that was kind of neat.
And I don't know, it was just fun stuff playing a few sim files.
Once again, my wrist was sore from playing Step Mania.
Hey, I'm getting better, okay?
You know, pretty soon, no, I've got masturbation down.
I'm talking about Step Mania.
I'm not worried about that.
Oh, he already triple-a'd masturbation, sorry.
Exactly.
Oh, by the way, I should mention this, because it was quite funny.
I found out- no, not masturbation.
I found out last week my mom was listening to our show.
Oh, yeah, maybe I should stop saying- And masturbating?
I should stop saying things like that.
So Matt- if Matthew's mom is listening, Matthew has never masturbated in his life, and he's
She's never looked at a girl with impure thoughts, and he gets straight A's in school.
I'm good at school.
Remember that one time she walked in on her?
She's gonna...
Oh my God!
This is why Nellie doesn't get a microphone on the show.
I still think the mic picked that up, but...
I think it did.
Judging by the reaction.
I am at a loss for words. I just...
You're not listening.
I don't know what to say.
Not anymore. She needs my sister to help her, you know, with finding stuff.
She's not in the chat room. She wouldn't even know how to get in the chat room.
Seriously, MPQ's got a point. This is why you don't tell your parents what you do on the internet.
internet but you know whatever parents find out just like they find out about
masturbation they find out about your your radio show on the internet I'm a
freaking adult okay it doesn't matter it's whatever yeah
anyways I'm done that's all I did all right
Nelly you want to share anything about your week in your day okay before we get
a break we are gonna go to a break pretty soon here but I want to bring up
some news I do want to talk about the money news we'll get to that after the
break I want to talk about this because I know a lot of Bahmani nerds are into
this series as well and this is definitely worth mentioning but it's
been a little a little mention in Nintendo Power a little tiny little slip
in Namco's upcoming calendar says that Katamari Dimash EDS is on the way so
something for you guys to think about there and my question is how in the hell
are you going to control that? That's going to be weird. Like is it going to be that faux
analog thing like Mario 64 has? Well, here's how it's going to work. It's quite simple.
You're going to have, you know, not faux analog, but you're going to have the two directional
button and you have your four buttons. Those are your two sticks right there. Either that
or you can use the stylus to roll it. You just kind of move the stylus. There you go.
Like, you could just keep, like, rolling it forward to the side using the stylus? I guess that would work.
It's nice that the DS is going to get a game, you know, because we keep hearing about all this cool stuff that's going to come out on the DS.
Dude, I looked out, okay, yesterday when I was at GameStop, looking at games, and then they have, I looked at the wall of all the stuff that's supposed to be launching with the PSP,
And then I walked over to the DS section and it was literally half a shelf, not even a shelf, it was a small shelf.
They had maybe ten games, maybe, and that was everything that's out right now and I'm like, God the DS sucks.
But the thing is that the DS as a system, it doesn't suck, I mean...
Well why don't they release some games then?
I don't know, cause they're bastard people, I have no other explanation for that.
You know what, other systems did the exact same thing and it failed horribly.
Please don't say un-gauge or I'll hate you forever.
No, those both sucked from launch, but I'm talking about Nintendo 64, that failed as a system.
And it's because there wasn't that many games out for it. And also, um, Atari Lynx.
But, it did have, um, Pokemon Snap.
Yeah, Pokemon Dash out right now.
DS, the thing about the DS is that it does have a lot of good games. Coming soon. Animal Crossing DS, coming soon.
Oh yeah, it's September.
Woo, fun! That's assuming they don't push it back.
I know, I know.
See, the problem with DS though is new technology. Not everyone knows how to market for dual screens. Not everyone is willing to take the plunge. I mean, PSP, everyone knows how to do one screen.
Yeah, Castlevania DS will make it all better.
Castlevania DS will be my god when it's out.
I know.
Speaking of PSP, is anybody planning on picking one up?
I already have ours reserved.
Do you guys have a demo in the house because of what your man does?
Nobody's got one at the store.
Oh, right on. Has he given you any feedback on it?
Said it was fun.
Have you gotten to play it at all yet?
Haven't really been all that excited about playing it.
I want a PSP, but I don't want it right now because I just have too much of the shit going on,
sucks because I, I wish somebody would just send me a free one. I need Wipeout Pure. There
are a lot, oh see, I want Lumines. Oh. I would buy it from Metal Gear Acid. See, all these
cool games coming out like right around launch period. And then the DS, like, no, what did
we get at launch? We got Mario, which was cool, but it was a rehashed game. Eventually.
Spiderman 2. What did he do? Feel the magic. Fun for about 5 minutes. Fun, fun, fun, fun.
Mr. Driller DS.
And eventually we're getting some fun stuff.
WarioWare Twisted. Sorry, Touched.
Touched is already out. I have Touched.
We've finally gotten to that.
Yeah.
Okay, so finally.
Castlevania DS will be out soon. Supposedly.
Not soon enough. That's my problem.
Wario Kart.
The internet thing I'm excited about too.
We can save the general gaming stuff for the podcast.
know but it's worth talking about now I know a lot of you guys are curious about
that kind of stuff and the PSP is pretty big news right now you know with it
coming out next week and all I'm just too poor honestly otherwise I would
totally get one if I had a lot of money I'd buy one right this week but I'm a
long-term gamer and the battery life thing is still kind of no all right uh
we're gonna take a break in this break I promised a Dark Sacker we'd do some
forest-style music so that's exactly we're gonna do and we're gonna start off
with empathy because that song is rad. We'll be back after this with more Orange
Lawns Radio and some news on Night Style and you know that kind of involves
indirectly some news from Port Style. So we'll be back after this with Orange
That's
now
out
Love, love, love, love, love
A thing to be found, a thing to be found
I'm still not alone, it turns out
It's the final countdown
The final countdown
The final countdown
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
That's why the Orange Lounge, this media sucks!
Holler!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
You are the winner!
Exercise PS!
GTPO.
Whee!
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whee!
Hope you enjoyed that break of four style music.
Starting it off with Taku, Empathy, LED, Infinite Prayer, the floating flock style.
believe that was technically a home version track but who cares it's still
cool DJ Taka featuring Jasmine Final Countdown and Ryu with Starmine and
Ryu one of those interesting guys because he like had that song in fourth
style then disappeared for a long ass time and then came back and I don't
remember if it was ninth or tenth but he did he disappeared for a while then just
recently came back to the series so hope you enjoyed that stuff from fourth style
And, and yes, 2DX Night Style is on people's minds right now because we're actually hearing,
as of today, that some folks have already gotten their copies of 2DX Night Style, the
home release. So, some of you guys may already be having that version. If not, you're gonna
be getting it very soon. The anticipated release date was the, I believe it was the 23rd, was
the anticipated release date, but it looks like it may actually have hit the internet
A wee bit early, so hopefully some of you guys out there may already have been seeing
it. If you haven't though, you're going to be getting that very soon. I know I need to
get my copy still, but as I may have mentioned before, I'm poor, so I won't be getting it
for a little while. But hopefully soon. Darksecker, I know you usually pick up a lot of the new
2DX styles as they come out. Are you getting this one, or? I know you're not. Yeah, I just
didn't pre-order it. Yeah, I know you're not huge on 9th style, so I don't know if you
maybe passed on it or what? I honestly didn't care about ninth style, but I'm
gonna get it. Just to be a perfectionist, right? Or a completionist, I should say.
Yeah, but I'm still missing fourth style. Well, I guess that's true. But fourth style's a
little harder to find. Not really. Really? I thought it was. I can find it. Oh, rad. I just
haven't spent the money on it. But fourth style's gonna be on the back burner
because I have to get Vibrable. Oh. Cool. And I still need to find Moji
ribbon but that one's been kind of out hmm let's see four style songs that are
coming back into night style there's a lot of repeats if you check out the
official night style consumer version website konami studio co dot JP slash bm
to the number two DX nine th that's konami studio co dot JP slash bm to dx
9th. It actually has a whole big song list, so some of the songs coming back from 4th
Style, just some of them, the ones I recognize, Empathy, of course, Kamikaze is coming back.
This one is interesting, I think, from 3rd Style, Dong Tepo No. 1, remember that one?
I hate that song. That song is hilarious. And Macho Gang by Anal Spider is coming back.
I love the hamburger helper video that goes along with that.
Some very interesting consumer tracks making their way into the Night Style home
version. A couple LED tracks including
Jaeger Final Attack and another song called Photo and Genic.
And an LED usually teams up with Groovy but actually Groovy has their own
song featuring Nopla's chin. 5 p.m. Eternal
is a song that they have in the night style. So again, for the full list, you can head on over there.
All the brand new night style songs are making their way to the home version.
I believe they stopped doing the license thing with night style. At least I haven't
noticed anything missing.
If there was something missing, then I just didn't notice it.
My only concern is that Bad Boy Bass made it in.
And Bad Boy Bass did make it in, so that was my only concern, because it's my
favorite night style song.
So, and then of course I'm sure Lion Ski, for those of you guys that are into Kiriyamaoka and who can blame ya, I'm sure that song also is making its debut along with the video in 9th Style, so good times there for 2DX 9th Style.
Angel, I know you're really into 2DX as well, what are your thoughts on the 9th Style release this week?
I want it, but I need to get 8th first, so I'm a little behind. Okay, I'm a lot, well, I'm not that behind. I just need 8th and 9th now, so, you know. Plus, I need to practice more too.
Practice makes perfect.
Uh, Loki, I know you hate 2DX, but any interest in this whatsoever?
Uh, mic's not on, bud.
I don't hate 2DX, but uh...
Someone's breaking the mic!
Sounds fine.
I know that, but there's pieces of metal jutting out.
Oh, yuck.
And uh, the top part's coming off.
Uh oh.
Hurray! Anyway.
Anyway, my thoughts. It's another game. Yay. Yeah. Hooray. Another 2DX game. And how have they made it any better? Nope, they haven't.
I just want to know about the timing. I want to get some feedback on how the timing is in 9th style, and unfortunately I haven't had the time today to read the message boards.
I'm hoping that when we open up the Skype line later, maybe some folks might already know about if the timing got better from the arcade.
Um, I actually, I want to say we did have somebody was saying, I think it was Siggy or somebody on the Skype line a couple weeks back was saying that the timing is somewhat better, which I hope, I hope is true.
is true. Anyway, so that's it for night style. I really don't have a whole lot else to add
to that. So, anybody else have any exciting night style related news?
I kind of want the deluxe set. What is coming in? I don't even remember
what's coming in. It's got a DVD, the v-rare 10, and a sticker
Book. When I saw Sticker Book, I was like, I don't want stickers. I almost bought the
Pop Music 9, the deluxe set. Ooh, that was pretty cool. I wanted a teacup. But I ended
up buying Right Chance instead. You know another song that shows up in Nightstyle Consumer
is Number 13 by Taka with Respect for JSB, and that would be one of them preview tracks
from a future 2DX style, so that's kinda cool. I'm kinda glad that, um, that, you know, is
showing up. I like seeing preview songs. I'm just glad we're getting more 2DX, but now
they need to, uh, start bringing out the, uh, guitar dora. It's weird that they've all
been coming out, like, back to back. Like, we went years with no 2DX at home and then
suddenly, bam, seventh, eighth, now ninth. Oops, we fucked up! And you know that if this
does well, which I assume it will, because it's got a pretty big following here in the
States 10th will be out probably by the end of summer which is rock because 10th
style is pretty cool too I have to have my Gradius remember back in the day when
they're like we don't make you seven style unless you vote and if you buy or
else we don't make yes I remember that that they were saying I know they're
like oh you like you fight again we make more for you thank you thank you for
that. You can address those cards and letters to matt at orangelandradio.com, by the way.
You know, I just, I kind of hope that they're still going to come out in the arcade as well,
like 2DX Red. I still haven't gotten a chance to play Red, but I'm kind of hoping to when
I get to go down to LA in a couple of weeks. So, we'll see. And then, hopefully, that'll
be out for home by early next year. So, at the rate things are going, that would be pretty
Cool. I don't know. Do you think there's any room for 2DX to evolve in the near future or be, I guess I should say, maybe not necessarily 2DX, but Beatmania? Even though Beatmania, the five-
50 key.
Been there, done that. Keyboardmania doubles. Hello.
They can come with an ice cream dispenser.
Typing of the beat.
They did that. Remember that?
Beatmania, dah, dah, dah.
Duh duh duh.
Exactly. Dot dot dot is all I heard. I heard it was total crap too.
I like that loopin' typing game.
I don't play that. I have typing of the dead at home.
I'm sad that there was not any more keyboard manias that came out.
Speaking of 50 key.
I like keyboard manias.
Whatever happened to Para Para? Or Dance Maniacs for that matter.
Because the Para Para craze has died down in Japan.
Yeah, I heard rumors that Velfire just ain't what it used to be.
Well, Velfire was a club, just a regular club anyway, that had, as far as I'm aware, just did pada-pada on certain nights.
Right.
I don't have anything to add to that.
I'm so going to go there.
I wish that, I think it would be hilarious that if like in San Francisco or something there was actually a bar where they did that as well, I just think that would be hilarious.
I mean, if people can fucking country line dance, why can't they, pa-ra-pa? Seriously?
You look just as stupid doing either one.
Maybe it's just me?
Patapata, though, is kinda cool. It's like cheerleading, though.
Kind of.
It's all happy! And not boot scootin'.
Like, I go to karaoke and some lesbian will get up there and start singing a country song, like, you know,
Don't break my heart, Mike. No, I'm just kidding. Nobody sings that.
But, like, they'll sing Dixie Chicks or something.
And people start country line dancing, and I'm like, that's so weird.
I don't know why. I shouldn't hate, but it's weird.
There's the straights! Get him!
And it makes perfect sense. Gay people
don't line dance. It's documented in books.
In their natural habitat?
Yes.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya in our chatroom is so winter. Square Dance Revolution. I would love to see that game.
that game. No, I did square dancing in fourth grade and it sucked. Everybody, didn't everybody
do square dancing in high school? Like in December when it started raining you would
have to do square dancing for two weeks? Believe it or not, not in Alabama. Really? Now that's
surprising. I would think that square dancing would be like a whole class in Alabama that
you could take for units. Just teasing. I know. You know what you can do with that finger.
I have plenty of ideas.
Pleasure a sheep?
Hit him please.
Cause I can't.
That's solid metal.
That's the idea.
Oh, it's hot.
Alright.
Anyway.
Let's talk about other Vivani news going on out there right now.
this is pretty big deal than making the rounds of all the sites. All the big dinner sites
have this news going on right now because of course they get a little kick back if you
answer this call. In the Groove is officially taking pre-orders while the game does not
have an official release date yet, they're saying summer 2005 quote unquote. There is
pre-order bonus that you can get an in the groove soundtrack an in the groove
t-shirt red octane temporary tattoo so you can be cool you put on that name put
on that red octane tattoo and go to the Harley Davidson bar and show how cool
you are a red octane keychain you know this this is like crap that they made
that they tried to give away at conventions, and it couldn't go anywhere, and they're like,
what are we gonna do with all this crap? I know, let's give it away, woo!
And free shipping. And of course, as expected, there will be an In the Groove bundle,
which will be the game and an ignition pad. Will it be as glitchy as the arcade?
I'm not sure. Is that one of the features?
I'm not sure. You know what I figured out about In the Groove for the first time when I was playing
if you actually sit and you watch the Attract Mode
it actually shows pictures of all the people who made the game
and then pictures of all these people gathered up in the arcade
Like I saw AID on the break in there and I was like, oh I
played that machine, that's kinda neat
it was kinda neat in a way, but at the same time I was kinda like
WOW, these guys credit themselves as step chart makers
they credit themselves in the credits of the game
They credit themselves in the opening sequence of the game.
Not that, okay, not that, you know, you shouldn't get a little credit because
these games take a lot of work, but
I don't know, it seems like most other games I've played have
a little bit of a, a little bit of a hold warm
when it comes to that stuff. A little less, not so much.
I don't know. Not, I don't, I don't, I'm gonna get the hate mail.
I'm not dogging on In The Group. I'm actually starting to warm up to the game a little bit.
I'm finding like the five songs I really like to play over and over again.
So, you know, I'm having a good time. And my scores are getting better.
I'm getting used to that wacky scrolling thing, the way it scrolls initially.
Angel, you had to play In The Group for the first time this week. What did you think?
I suck. I suck bad. I don't know.
I find the arrows like really small for, you know,
the way, because I can't see that well and just you know having small arrows kind of makes it hard
so I had to follow by color which doesn't exactly work but um I figure with practice I will
try to get better at the game assuming we get to go again so other than that I mean
you know I didn't know any of the music or anything so that didn't help and you know Rob
was like pick a song pick a song I'm like I don't know what I want to play just pick one
you know, so
I guess uh...
as I play the game I'll get to know the songs and I'll feel a little bit more comfortable with it
but other than that, yeah
it's okay
it's still a rip-off, but it's still okay
uh, Andrew, you got to play it for the first time as well, what were your thoughts on Indigo Groove?
I thought it was uh... pretty well done
uh...
did seem a little bit glitchy
but
Actually it plays like a finished product. Now glitchy is a very vague word. What do you mean with glitchy?
Just some basic timing stuff
because I was listening to the songs and just some
steps just didn't match. So it mostly could be just a step chart problem.
Well now that's a step chart glitch. Could be just step charts to me but
it actually plays like a finished product.
But then I went back and I played DDR and you know what's weird?
The DDR machine is only about half as loud as the In The Groove machine.
The two machines are right next to each other. I got on DDR and I played
and I got like a huge crowd watching me play DDR.
In The Groove, maybe a couple people, but DDR...
It doesn't have the same appeal, it doesn't have the name recognition.
Not that I'm like huge, but I always thought to the standard
just patron of an arcade, a teenager, they're all the same.
You know, that's always why. Maybe I'm not giving the average user of the arcade enough
credit,
but I always thought every dance game was the same to most people that aren't in
this scene
but I you will be yours here's what I've always said one leg up the DER house on
in the group
does in the group have more challenging steps yes does it have a
very song list for folks that may be into them
will music in the group offers yes does it have more features than the ER yes
but it's not quite as pretty
it's very industrial looking the game has a very like industrial theme to
to it, a lot of like metal and fire and all that stuff. Whereas DDR is happy! It's candy!
It's saccharin! And I don't know, I think that attracts people to it more. In a completely
superficial way. It brings people out of the dark shadows that are with their lives. Another
thing is, it looked very plain. Very plain. I mean, just even the arrows are plain. The
interface is plain. It's just plain. I mean, whereas you can get some interfaces, like
Like, a lot of the step mania skins I've seen out there, they're really cool looking, and they're really, you know, complex looking.
They're really, you know, like, wow, I gotta play that game, it looks cool.
Versus, wow, it's another dancing game, yay.
Wow, we gotta include all this crap to get you to buy this game, because we're gonna fail when it comes to selling against, you know, DDR.
people are going to buy this game because they'll be like, oh, I got to put it in the
group so they make more games. It's just, no. It's, whatever. I'm very curious to see
how it plays. I'm curious to see how it plays out, too, because I think it is going to be
competition. We got into this a couple weeks ago. I don't want to revisit, but I think
the Red Octane partnership is going to prove it's going to make In the Groove some serious
competition. I really do. And I think the game is good enough, certainly, where it can
post a cut it's not like we're talking it's mad cats dance craze or whatever
that fucking game was on GameCube that sucks it's it's a good dance game does
it have flaws yeah but is it good is it solid surprisingly so so we'll see we
shall see okay well I'm getting blink blink blinks I don't know what I guess
we'll do a break time then we'll come back maybe do some skype line how's that
sound. Let our listeners talk back. Good work. Alright, we'll do that. So we're gonna go
to break, we're gonna come back, we're gonna let you guys interact with our show, www.orangelaunsradio.com.
Click on interact with us, and we'll be taking some calls when we get back from this break.
In this break, potpourri, whatever I feel like playing, and whatever Jamie tells me
to play. And we're gonna start it off with, since we've been doing 2DX all night, I think
it's time to do some DDR oh wow I will get that in there Jamie let's start it
off with I want to start off with something from extreme we'll do some
blue impulse bag oh fuck I have a story about bag oh yeah I'll tell the bags we
need to do the break of songs everybody hates okay you want to do that we can do
Okay, forget Blue Impulse, then. We'll do this.
Let them move.
No, except let them move, because that song's been banned.
Alright.
Bye, baby, Blue Balloon.
I think that song's been banned, too.
Yeah, banned.
So we're gonna do a break of songs we hate?
Yeah.
Okay.
Um...
You gotta give me a minute to queue these up.
Okay, so what song are we starting off with?
Come on.
Sorry.
Bag.
I finished the bag of gummy bears.
Did you now?
It's gone. I gotta get more.
How long did that take, a month?
Not even, like a couple, like a week or so.
Two weeks, in fact.
Two weeks.
I only have-
How do you impress them?
Two weeks!
Strangely enough, I only have bag from the nonstop.
You know what's really scary?
I guess we'll do it.
What?
They played Junior today on sci-fi.
Oh, anyway.
We'll be back after this, a break of Ditter Songs We Hate.
We'll be back.
back.
Sweatin' hub, just waitin' out for Sweatin'
Okay, challenging move.
Get to the bed, to the bed, get to the fever
I'm kickin' the posers and nobody's home
When I come I'm runnin' down to town, runnin' down to town
Get right down to a ship
In one, two, three, four, come on y'all
I get on with more
Get right down, get right down to a ship
Round and round, move like a finger
Come down to a sweet banana, get to the fever
Blow my whistle, baby Blow my whistle, baby
Open up, put it in, let's begin
So it's like you mean it's lost
Black, black, let me hear you speak
Louder, let me hear you say Louder, is that what you call loud?
Come on, let me hear you say Let me hear you say
Louder, I said louder You need to bring the beat back
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
OK, now I told you that, at least I told the chat room,
that we would have a good reason for why we hate all those songs.
Because a lot of people are like, I like this song.
I like that song.
You guys are mean.
You said it was going to be a bad music break.
Bad, bad, bad.
Pretty bad to me.
Okay, reason number one for bag. Why I hate bag. Bag is a horde song. People play bag
to death because it's a ten footer and they'll play it on three speed and then when they
pass it they're like, oh my god, I passed a ten footer. And also because of the way
the song sounds, it's one of those songs you can hear from across the arcade when somebody's
play it and it's like oh god somebody's trying to get it you know pass a 10
footer over there even real bagpipe music when you're standing next to the
pipest yes the Piper sorry does not sound as annoying I love bagpipe music
not when I'm standing right next to the Piper because then it's deafening mm-hmm
but I would rather go deaf from listening to real bagpipes now the weird
Another thing about Bag, I actually really like it in 2DX, so I can't explain that one
at all, because I actually really like playing that song on 2DX, so that means, you know,
I'm gonna get to play it with 9 style and everything, but I don't like that song in
DDR at all. Maybe it's because it's not as horrid in 2DX? I don't know, I can't explain
it, because it's an easy 2DX song, I guess? I think it was, I think it was like a 6, I
don't remember. What else? Changma, Love This Feelin'. Okay, that song's actually not that
bad. I mean, it's one of those songs I used to hate a long time ago, but I know I warmed
up to it. And Jamie, you were saying, you think that song is okay too?
I used to play that song when the only DDR I had was 2nd Mix on Dreamcast. I used to
play that song for the sole purpose of irritating the shit out of people, and then I started
to really like it. Here's the thing about that song. As far as
I know, and correct me if I'm wrong on this statement, I'm sure the chat room will, but
But I believe it was the first DDR song that had a tempo change.
And now, tempo changes are really horrid in DDR.
Like I was playing UltraMix 2 online today, I was playing some Controller Controller Revolution,
but just to cover my ass here, I specifically looked for a room on UltraMix that said Controller
Fun so that we would be playing with controller people so I wouldn't be playing with pad people.
And I just realized, my god, there's a ton of songs with tempo changes now, like it is
such a horrid thing now.
So for that, I don't know why, but I blame Love This Feelin' for all my tempo change
woes.
Don't get me wrong, tempo changes can be good once in a while, but they're kinda horrid
lately.
Uh, DJ Alligator Project, the Whistle Song.
I hate that song so much.
Again, it's just Hoard.
And the song is Blow My Whistle, Bitch.
And I don't like the fact that they censored it in the actual song.
They didn't censor the background.
It still says Blow My Whistle, Bitch, but they censored the song.
Actually, they have both versions on his album, because I have his album.
The vinyl.
Oh my god, why?
Because I was collecting DDR music.
Alright, whatever.
I suppose I can play that slide.
But that's another one of those songs.
you can hear it from across the arcade and I swear to god you could be sitting over on
like Derby Owners Club or something you can hear it's like oh god somebody shot off the
machine now what the only thing would be fun to play like bag two that's final furlong
And then we played Max 300, because that song is so, so horrid. And not just the song itself
when it's played, but all the remixes of Max 300. Because of all the crappy remixes out
there of Max 300, we are dubbing Max 300 a bad song.
What about Max Period? That one?
Yeah. Oh, God, we should have played that one, too. We could have just done a break
of Max music and probably had, you know?
think I would have like exploded nevermind all right as promised we are
going to open up the skype line for those of you guys that want to give a
little bit of feedback on the program or maybe you have something you want to
share with us I don't know www.orange lounge radio.com click on interact with
with us and all the news or all the information is right there on how you can call in and
interact with the program. And please make sure that before you call us you close down
any torrents or something you might have, anything you might be taking up your bandwidth
because it breaks up your sound and then we can't hear you and then we're sad. You can
also, there's a test number you can call as well. It's like test 123 or something like
that and then you call the test number and then you can hear yourself. Yeah, so that's
That's always a good one to do.
Echo 123.
Oh, sorry.
Echo 123.
Okay.
So, anyway.
We do have a call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, Sky.
Siggy here.
Hello, Siggy.
How are you?
Just woke up, as usual.
Good morning.
So, you must be pretty excited about the ninth style coming out this week.
Oh, hell yes.
And the early release news?
That's pretty exciting.
Well, according to Play Asia, they released it by today in Hong Kong.
Oh.
Very interesting.
Okay.
The release date is March 21st, which is tomorrow.
But before I get into the 9th style business, I just want to say some local news here in Vegas.
Sure, we appreciate local news, because we talk about Sacramento way too much on this show, so we need to hear from other communities.
So what's up in Vegas?
Yeah, um, how should I say it?
Circus Circus Adventure Jones is going to get 2DX Red by tomorrow.
Oh, my, that's very interesting. Now, I usually stay at Circus Circus when I go to Vegas, because it's fucking cheap, and so I've been to the Adventure Dome, um, God, I think that was one of the first place, actually the first place I ever played DDR was Circus Circus, but it wasn't in the Adventure Dome, it was in the arcade they had there.
Midway.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the Midway area. Huh, so they're getting 2DX Red, huh?
Yep.
And the Adventure Dome, that's so weird to me. What caused them to decide to jump there?
Have they been successful with 8 style?
Well, it's probably the locals. The locals have been demanding it.
Hmm. Interesting. We'll have to let us know how that goes.
Yeah, sure thing. I'll take pictures.
Woo hoo! Anything else to share with Vegas scene?
Oh, that's only about it.
There's already some news about getting In The Groove here in Vegas. I don't know which arcade.
Hmm. Well, you know with In The Groove 2 coming out just around the corner, maybe you guys ought to hold off at this point. Who knows?
I'm not an In The Groove person, so...
Yeah, I know. I know how it is. I feel your pain.
Yeah, let's get into night style.
Alright, let's.
I'm gonna post a link to a website that has pictures of night style in it.
Ooh, alright, so you can read that in our chat room, www.orangestonesradio.com, click on chat.
There's the link, I just saw it pop up.
What's interesting about night style CS is, you know, the main menu is actually mode select.
You know, the arcade mode select.
Hold on, I'm trying to bring it up myself over here right now.
Oh, oh, this is weird because all the pictures are on its side.
Yeah, you're gonna head tilt, tilt your head.
I'm gonna tilt my monitor here.
Alright, so the main select screen is, uh...
Mode select.
Mode select, that's kind of weird.
Alright, uh, here's the actual picture of it.
Let me, uh, paste it to...
Oh, here it is.
Okay.
Got it.
That's the main screen, huh, when you turn on the game?
Oh, wow.
Okay, so the main menu screen has various options on it.
Free, training, original, gallery.
Kind of what you're used to seeing, but the way it's set up,
it almost looks like you're just jumping right into the game.
There's really no, you know, fancy...
Like, I don't know, like, sixth-style kind of had its own fancy menu.
Wow, that sounds rushed.
Well, at least we're getting it. I mean, I can't complain.
Well, at least we're getting it. Oh, at least that car has three of its wheels!
Shut up.
Alright, so that's interesting.
Yeah. And, uh, on the music list on the official Nine Style CS website, on the very bottom, it says that
Number 13, uh, Beyond the Earth and, uh, Sakuretsu, Jega, Denko, Chup, or Jega Final Attack
are three unlovable stars.
You're like me.
Okay, that's cool. I like, I was surprised by the number 13. I guess I'd heard the thing, I think you had mentioned a couple weeks ago, but you know, to see that officially, that was pretty neat.
Mm-hmm.
So, and then I'm interested to hear the new Jaeger. Have the MP3s leaked to the internet yet?
Uh, nope.
It's only a matter of time, my friend.
Yeah, probably within this week or next week.
Yeah, it's only a matter of time. I'm sure Bamani's style will have them up and you can spend your tokens.
As soon as we can get our grubby little paws on him, we're going to start checking the file shares, because here's the real way to get MP3s before anybody else has them.
Get on the file shares, like the ones that are popular in Asia, like WinMX and stuff, and sometimes you can find them on there.
Like, that's how we got 10-style MP3s pretty quick, was file shares. So, just a thought. If our listeners care.
Yeah, I'm quite happy that some songs that made it, you know, that made a comeback on 9th Style CS, for example, like Empathy.
I was a little surprised by the comeback list, too. There were some, there were some good things in it, and then there were songs like V, where I'm like, goddamn, do we need V again? I'm done with V, I'm over V.
Yeah, I never, you know, I never played a Kamikaze before.
before oh that's a fun one it's it's got um that's the one isn't that the one
that slows down suddenly and then like speeds up I remember that was one of the
first songs I saw in 2dx was that song oh god that song is hot you just wanted
to say that so you could pronounce it and show your little yeah Japanese
accent there huh no I I love that song and I saw it's awesome or it's like as I
call it it's show walk coach I love love love love love love love that's what I
call it show walk I'll drop love love because I can't pronounce now you know
you ready no it's a show walking you'll sense you are I am a cut your show I
get you a gets blah blah blah blah blah and then the other one is I'm not
Manatsu no Hana, Manatsu no Yume, Baisana, ugh, another song, so...
Ganjutai!
I'm sorry, I just...
Take it as a compliment, take it as a compliment that I'm just, I'm doing the blinking thing, I can't understand, I'm sorry.
Alright.
Well, are you gonna call us next week and let us know what you think about it?
Alright, yeah, I'll call you next week.
Alright, do that, cause we're poor, so we have to live vicariously through other folks.
But I'm hoping Jamie will have it soon and she'll bring it over and let us all play.
If I get it, I'll have my birthday next month.
I just said I'm poor.
Don't be looking at me.
I wasn't.
I know.
I know.
Alright.
Okay, well thanks for the call, Siggy.
I hope you have a good one.
Yeah.
Alright.
Later.
Always good to hear from Siggy.
I think what we will do since we're running past a little bit after 8 o'clock, what we're
going to do is we're going to go ahead and shut the Skyplane down for now.
We will open it back up right after the cage match and take some more calls.
first we are going to get into tonight's cage match and remember this is
something we do every week here on orange launch radio if you want to
participate in the cage match you've got to be in our chat room otherwise
$5 no you don't have to send us $5 don't listen to Loki it's all free
you gotta be in our chat room to vote that's the way it works so let's get
into it and last week's cage match we had a brand new winner again we've had a
a couple of one week victories lately. Let's see if this one will win for one week or if
it will hold on. It was a remix of an old school 90's song, What is Love by Haddaway.
It's What is Love Reloaded. So, we'll see what you guys think about this one. You did
vote it as your winner last week. You may vote it again tonight or you may not. It's
up to you guys. As a reminder, we only play a clip of the first song because you got to
to hear the song in its entirety last week, and we want to let this segment only take
up a little bit of time. It doesn't have to take up all day. So, anyway, that all being
said and done, get in our chat room so you can vote. Remember, you cannot vote until
all songs have played in their entirety. And that being said, let's get into song number
one it's had away with what is love reloaded enjoy
Why you're not there? I give you my love but you don't care
So what is right and what is wrong? Give me a sign
What is love? Oh baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Oh baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
What is love?
What is love?
Alright, that was song number one.
week's winner, Haddaway! What is love? We shall see if it wins again tonight or if it
will bow down to one of our two other entries tonight, starting off with Loki's pick! And
Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
I picked our fellow friend and Bimani artist, Midihead. He released an exclusive track to
of people that bought his album
and this is for you guys it's
white knuckle ride and uh...
Song number two, Minnie Head, White Knuckle Ride.
Strap it in, let it slide, take me up to the sky
See the beer in my heart, beating like I'm gonna die
It's the rusty wounds inside, I keep shaking and I cannot hide
Here we are, let's go inside
On this white knuckle ride
On this white knuckle ride
On this white knuckle ride
Hang on to your home now, now, now, now
Why is that the whole ride?
My heart is beating like I'm gonna die
You're going out, let's go inside
I'm gonna eat you like I'm gonna die
I'm gonna eat you like I'm gonna die
Give me a hand, let him fly My heart is beating like I'm gonna die
Ha ha ha ha
Drive me in, let him fly Take me up to the sky
Hi, I'm here. Sorry. We're having a PictoChat orgy here in the studio. I had to take a break
from it for a minute. Anyway, that was song number two. Midi Head, White Knuckle Ride.
What do you guys think? Starting off with Dark Sakura.
I still hate that man's voice. Sorry.
But he's so cool.
he's cool don't get me wrong i just don't like his voice i don't think he can sing very well so um
it would have had a 10 but by virtue of voice it gets the name said all right uh
who's got a mic over there uh magus
um that's not a steaming pile of poo but it's all right probably gets like seven
Got a good beat behind it, though.
Alright, Angel.
Ow.
Head rush. Okay, um...
Eight, because I like mini-heads.
And stuff. Yeah. Bye.
Uh, me personally? I actually thought that song was pretty fucking rad. I think that's one of his better tracks.
I kind of want to keep that one for myself.
So, I give it a nine and a half.
Loki.
There's a microphone being shoved in my face.
Yeah, that was cool. I liked it. That's why I picked it.
It gets a 10.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright, let's get into song number 3. Song number 3 is Dark Sakura's Pick. What did you pick for us tonight?
Um, I like Yoko Kanno. She's really cool and she's a neat person in person. She signed our Macross Plus, uh, CD at AX, like, a while back.
Um, anyway, this is one from, uh, she, uh, sent us on the soundtrack for Ghost in the Shell standalone complex. It's, uh, Rise.
I'm trying to remember who sent it to me because I think it's in the chatroom right now, but I don't remember, so sorry.
all right yoko kano rise enjoy
I'm still not there at all
I'm still not there at all
I'm still not there at all
For the day when the pain is far behind
On your feet I'm missing
Fear is all that I lack
I'm still not there at all
Take your place, please, and follow the judge, please, say
I'm so free, but only it's time to make this end reside
Here I go, bye
I'm a soldier from the stand, in this waking hell I am
Listening more than I can come to you
Pray myself, please don't forget
Life could trade and be a threat
Please give me the strength to be a fool
People facing the fire together
It's me, it's only you
That we have found
Don't save your tears, it's more than a day
When nothing is far behind
On your feet, I'll miss you
Be a flower, you'll never mind
Stand your fear, take your place
Save them for their judgment day
Just and free, follow me
And soon they will sacrifice
Your eyes were found
We could forever love you
Would it be that you care about me?
If you don't mind me
Let's go to the moonlight
I'll be there
Don't go around
Let's just go
Why don't you go?
And you are here for the day
When the wind is far behind
On your feet, I'll be free
Fear not, so you can not hide
I will give, take your place
Pay to fall, I just will stay
But they're free, they're only time to make
Let me fly
Here I fall back
All right, song number three there, Yoko Kanno, Rise.
Did that one rise to the cage match occasion or did it fall flat on its ass?
Let's see, Jamie.
Yoko Kanno is awesome, so the song gets a night and a half.
Magus.
Pretty nice. I'd say 8.
Number one you can vote for tonight, Hadaway, What is Love, Reloaded.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Midi Head with White Knuckle Ride.
The song number three you can vote for tonight, Yoko Kanno with Rise.
I think this is a very hard cage match to decide tonight.
I think we got three really good songs in here tonight, so this is going to be an interesting
one.
Please vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
I know the chat room likes to bitch a lot that sometimes we give them three crappy songs to pick from but I seriously don't think
You can complain about that tonight. You've got some old-school beats there with the what is love
You've got some new-school like industrial sounding stuff with a MIDI head and then you've got the J
Like I don't want to call it J pop, but the J opera rock or something
I don't know with the yokogano. So there's definitely something to choose from from every spectrum
There's some good songs. So good luck you guys trying to figure that one out should be a close one
one sent a private message to sky with your vote I'm getting some votes in
right now I had a question from Asian buddy Paul in our chat room he wants to
check in on the ultra Kade kicking gallery that we're gonna have
unfortunately I didn't get a chance to work on that last week we actually had a
photo from one of our other listeners send in a photo of him kicking a
ultra Kade machine and was wondering where you can send in those pictures
Send those to Rob at OrangeOnsRadio.com. I'm gonna go ahead and just take
charge with setting up the gallery, so go ahead and send those. If you happen to
send them to Jamie or Matt, they will make sure I get them, or they'll get them
in the gallery themselves. But you can go ahead and send those to me, Rob at OrangeOnsRadio.com.
In fact, I'm kind of curious if he sent it already, because if he did, I want to
show it to the folks in the studio, because I love ultra-cade kicking pictures. And
again, please remind Loki or Jamie, I know you're both in on this, why should folks
be sending us pictures of them kicking UltraCade machines. Because UltraCade is trying to trademark
the Mame name and they can't because Mame already belongs to somebody else. So this
person is a big retard so we have to kick UltraCade machines. There it is. Look at that.
Lovely kick. That's not even a kick. Like they are kicking the actual panel there. There.
That's a like you could get. That owns. That's a you could get busted in the arcade picture
right there. So thank you our buddy Paul there for sending us that. That's a great pick.
Sadly enough, the abuse of these cabinets is going to have to take.
We can't actually kick the Altercade components, because, I mean, Altercade is just put in
these cabinets.
The cabinets have no say what games inside of them.
Kick the right side where it hits the jamma harness.
Yes, you have to kick the jamma harness.
No, no, but actually just kick any part of it, because a lot of these cabinets are sold
with it already in there, so.
You know what?
They're guilty by association.
Think of the cabinets, though.
And if you get busted...
No, I want the disclaimer here. We did not tell you to do this. I'm not gonna get angry
letters from your arcade owner. You should pose like you're kicking the machine, but
don't really kick it, because we don't want to get your arcade owners upset. And if you
do, and if they're mad, we don't know you. And we disown you. You were never here. That's
right. Alright. Loki, you know I always ask you this around this time of the show, and
you know, even if there's no news, I have to ask you anyway. What the hell is going
on in the sim scene, my friend? What's going on is this fucking aim is attached to goddamn
Outlook Express and that makes me angry. Stupid Outlook and MAME. Anyways, our aim. Anyways,
Simzine. See, only a couple things are actually going on here. Ooh, Matrix Online launch update.
Anyways, there is a couple things. First off, Technofine. They're working on yet another
theme. It's, I think, Technofine Retroactive. It's like a yellow version of Technofine that
looks kind of neat. There's a whole thread on it on Bamai Cell and that's supposed to
be coming out. Nothing new on Food Mix 2 as far as I'm aware, but I'm going to double
check just to be certain on that. Aside from that, the also there's the, I can't remember
what it's called now. It was this old thing that they had going on. Virtual Visions, that's
what it was. Virtual Visions, which is a project that started back in DDR Maniacs, and that
was actually a group of people who were going to be taking a big list of overclocked music
from Overclock.org, and those are all video game remixes, and they're making a step file
pack for those, and that's still going on right now. And there's a big huge forum now,
It's actually a section of their forums that you can actually check out.
See, other than that, DDR Maniacs is saying they're coming back, whenever that is.
But that's supposedly gonna happen. I mean, not that anyone really cares.
But Mycell's talking about launching version 7 at some point, so, and they promise, like, more stuff.
stuff. They remodel their site more than WeGetNewGuitarFreak's arcade mixes. Seriously.
So anyways, that's supposedly happening.
Um, I checked today to see if there's a new version of StepMania. Guess what? No!
How long have we been waiting for StepMania 4.0?
How long? Yeah, okay, that's what I'm saying. No one even cares anymore, I think.
Does anyone actually play StepMania? Maybe. I don't know.
I did. Um, other than that,
I'm trying to see right now, we're going to go to the FoodMix page to see if there's anything going on there, because I suspect that there might be, but you know, I need to double check.
Um, I was downloading, though, there's like, you know, you can get a lot of themes and stuff, um, on Mysore, they have a whole, you know, section and stuff for that, but um, let's see, FoodMix, FoodMix, FoodMix, here we go.
And, what do you know, no news for FoodMix. But, it's, uh, FoodMix 2 is still in progress. No date for that. Look forward to it coming out, though, pretty soon, I'd imagine.
And the next big thing we have coming up is the, um, there is another, um, thing here. I think it's, like, what was it, a DDX, yeah, DDRXX mix, and they're talking about a release date for, um, April 1st, I believe, was the release date for that one, and that's supposed to be a big, like, food mix type thing where there's a ton of, you know, different, um,
things to play. So, I think that was the one. There's one of them that's launching April
1st, I don't remember by chance which one that is, but I think it's that one. And that's
it. Ton of, oh, there's some other people there releasing, which is kind of neat. The,
oh god what was it, like, there's In The Groove stuff that's coming out right now, and then
And then there's also, um, sim files for, uh, god, what was that, um, DJ Max, that are being released right now, and the DJ Max songs are pretty cool.
Those are, for those who don't know, those are, um, it's an online Beatmania-type game that was made by the creators of Easy to DJ, the other DJ game that's actually pretty good.
Alright, thank you for that update. It was a lot longer than I was expecting, actually.
Usually it's, eh, all the signs are down, nobody cares. That's nice to know that things
are still alive and kicking in the sim scene. You guys want a note to the winner of tonight's
cage match? Sure, why not? Now, I thought this would be a very, very close cage match
tonight because we had three very good songs, but in the end, one of these songs just, for
For lack of a better term, it really just blew the other two out of the water.
I don't know how else to say it, but this song definitely won tonight.
It is Yoko Kanno with Rise.
Getting a pretty large portion of the vote tonight.
That's pretty cool.
I didn't realize it would be a big gap.
I didn't either.
I'm kind of sad by that.
That's it.
It's coming back.
know what I'm talking about all right so there it is song number three yoko kano
enjoy um it'll be back next week and we'll see how it fares next week moving
right along should I do another Skype call now or should I wait I don't know
if anybody else wants to call in I guess I'll open it up a break you say break
yes all right fine we'll do a break what are we gonna break I always like to
break things we'll do another call when we get back from this break in this
break oh there's a song I really really want to hear but it's gonna take me a
minute to cue it up so I need somebody to fill time please I know how to fill
tell us about tell us about something stupid no no tell us about okay I'm so
sorry I asked I will never do that again I'm gonna fill time okay and this is the
best filling time I can possibly do here I gotta switch mics here I got I need one
of the longer cord anyways a sec um okay I was just informed of an interesting
fact. This fact being, we have a peep left! And what do we do with the peep? Oh yes. It
goes in the microwave. Can you get that on cam? If you're gonna do that, can you put
that on cam? You can still eat it. And it'll just be nice and warm. And yes, I'm putting
it on cam. If you're gonna microwave the peep, please put that on cam. Yeah. And while you're
at it, could you put a ferret in the microwave? Uh, no, that might explode. Is Jamie in the
potty oh yeah put a ferret in the microwave okay all right so one of the
peeps is going to go in the microwave you can watch that action on our camera
www.orangeloungeradio.com what the hell is this show come to
all right yay I found the song I wanted to play okay can you see the microwave
all right all right are you gonna do that during the break I'm doing that
right now he's doing it right now and we're pushing the button he's now he's I
heard a beep like you can't even see inside the microwave it's all blurry can
you oh it's I guess the screenshot that took oh god that is it getting big oh
Oh yeah. It's getting big. This makes for wonderful radio, my idea. It's getting really big.
It's, like, very deformed. And I think we're done.
I will never ask you people to fill time ever again. Oh my God! I can see on the webcam! It looks like a big...
It looks like our microwave has cancer. That's horrible. My God.
all right okay anyway here we're gonna go to break and now Melly will eat it
We'll be back after this.
You get it? Alright, let's practice.
First, hit the white keys.
Now, hit the black keys.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black keys.
Easy, huh?
You better stop it, don't drop it
There ain't no living here, no real life
Don't you ask me, let me tell you
It better change back if you see
It better change back if you see
Alright, let's go on to the scratch game
When the objects reach the red line
Scratch!
And if you do, don't play it
Move your bullshit, you better
With the fast notes, the technique is to scratch fast.
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
Okay, effector time!
Here's the effect of the new beatmania!
Look, way below, do you see the foot switch?
That's the effect on and on bridge.
With this trimmer, you can shoot your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, do you hear the variety of effect?
With this limiter, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system will make everybody hot!
All right, here we go! Knock you out with your fabulous sound on this merry-go-round version of Speed Mania!
Re-re-remixed.
Re-mixed.
We'll be meeting, next.
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake...
Solid snake, solid snake, solid snake
Can you hear what I'm saying?
World is down to take a man that wants him back
I'm gonna kick your ass, beat him, kill him all
Down, what am I gonna do?
Down, down, what am I gonna do?
Down, what am I gonna do?
Have you ever seen a cool game like this?
We go here.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song on Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, hope you enjoyed that break, Emotion was the last
song you heard before that, Metal Gear, remixed there, and starting that set off was Instant
Love, also known as the tutorial song from Beatmania, which, who doesn't love that song?
DJ Konami is the man.
What can I say?
Alright, so, how did the microwave peep turn out in the end?
I noticed the webcam was constantly being updated there during break, I put some random
things up on cam as well, how'd that go?
I turned it into an OLR logo. You are very strange. That's all I have to say. Of course,
www.orangetrader.com. Oh my God, it does say OLR. I hope somebody's saving pics tonight.
That's all I have to say. We are going to open up the Skype line again real quick. We'll
give you guys a little window. I don't know if anybody's trying to get in. But if you
guys do want to call in say hello www.orangetradar.com click on interact
with us I know a lot of I notice a lot of our regular callers are not here
tonight like Zaku he's nowhere to be seen tonight usually the first one in
nowhere to be seen tonight so if you are a noob and you want to talk to us you
know now's a good chance to get in so the Skype line is open up for that we
are gonna get to after this period here we will get into the DDR freak post of
week, and we'll also get into the FUs of the week as well. But we do have a call. Hello,
you are on Orange Lawn's radio. And for the third time in a row, it's Ronma. Hi, guys.
Hello, Ronma, how you doing? I'm doing pretty good. Yeah? I have another picture for you.
Oh, the, the, um, uh, ulcercade ticking. Mm-hmm. I, could you, could you post the link one
more time in the chatroom? I didn't get a chance to look at it because I was busy queuing
up that particular break. Sure, no problem. Let me scroll back up here. Here we go. The
wonders of the internet. I can actually hear the click, click, click, click, click. As
you're scrolling up there. Yay! I hear Jamie cheering, so it must be a good picture. And
there's that one. Oh, I'd seen that one previously. Is that the one you showed me on Thursday?
Didn't you show me one on Thursday? I don't remember. I think those were the ones from
like last from last week, and we went out this past week and got a new one.
I do, I do. I'm about to get the link to that right now.
Oh, okay. I want that one. Give me the new one.
Okay. There you go.
Yay, okay. Oh, yes.
Ooh, it's big.
This one's a new picture. I'd seen those two previous ones. Again, he's posted these in our chat room at www.oipontario.com.
Oh, a monitor kick! Very nice. What is that guy behind you playing DDR?
Oh, I have a little story about that.
The guy behind you playing DDR looks like he is, like, in a shower or something. I mean, my God, he's covered in sweat.
Doubles heavy.
That is a sweaty, sweaty man.
He's a sweaty man. What's up with that?
He was playing doubles heavy.
Oh, well, I guess...
I don't see two sets of arrows.
Wait, yeah, I don't see two sets of arrows there. He was playing, but he's not playing in the picture.
Okay, it's probably just...he was playing doubles earlier. What happened was, me and my friends went to play DDR. They have two machines.
He was playing. A bunch of hood rats came in and started insulting him.
Oh, no.
So, after he played, I said to them, why don't you guys get on and play? They're like, you first.
There's the way to do it. I mean, remember that little kid we scared off from Golf Land one time because he was making fun of us?
Didn't I challenge him to a duel or something and he ran away?
There was one time where I had these guys hanging around and they were talking all kinds of shit, so I said,
Okay, I'll pay for you to play if you really think that it's that stupid, but I pick the song.
I had them thrown out later that night.
So, after you kicked the Ultra-Cade machine, you had to go kick these guys a little bit?
Yes, and for the first time in my life, I double-A'd all four songs, right in front of them.
Oh, very nice. It's those moments of pressure when you start doing really well at DDR, huh?
Yeah.
Very nice. Congratulations, my friend.
Thanks. Oh, and, um...
And I just want to point out the arcade there. The Ultra-Cade machine is right next to the DDR machine,
which I think is a very interesting setup there. But anyway, I'm sorry, your thought?
Yeah, if anyone hasn't gotten it yet, the PSP is coming out on Thursday. Best Buy, you can go right to Best Buy and pick it up at 8 o'clock in the morning. No reserves, first come, first serve.
If you were a lazy bum and didn't pre-order it, like myself, that's probably going to be your only option, and that is exactly what I had to do with the DS, because I'm a lazy bum.
to counter that, you could just preorder it at Gamestop, have somebody call you the day
before and pick it up at your convenience.
Even better.
You could.
Or you could have a fiancé that works at Gamestop and just bring it home.
Exactly, and he could be all, Bitch, bring it home!
Because it's gonna be, Or I ain't putting out, I ain't putting out.
And my Final Fantasy XI atlas.
I totally want a Final Fantasy XI atlas, but then again I don't.
I quit that game.
I quit that game, Rob, I quit that game.
Anyway, any other thoughts, Rama, before I let you go?
One thing, I have one of my new friends just listening tonight.
I just want to say, hi, Liz.
Hi, Liz.
Shout out.
Shout out.
Hey, Carson.
I love Britney Spears.
Pay me some Britney Spears.
I want to give a shout out to Liz.
Hi, Liz.
And I'm going to do my special impersonation just
for your friend.
OK.
Thank you.
You guys rock.
All right, thank you.
you rock for calling. Have a good one. You too. Later. Hi. How about a ferret before
I pick up the next call? How about a ferret beep for Liz? Well then I gotta get to the
next call. Really quick. Okay, really quick. Then I'm getting to this next call. Ferret
for Liz. Hello? Okay. Yes, hi. You are on Orange Lounge Radio. Who this? Hey, this is
SSJ100 Matt. Hello SSJ100 Matt. What is on your mind, my friend? Nothing. I just want
I just want to apologize to a dark sacra about the little argument in the chat room earlier.
Okay.
Okay, apology accepted.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay.
Aww.
Aww, I love moments.
That's so sweet.
I love moments here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Aww.
See, I'm nice.
I'm nice.
I'm the bad guy.
Nobody said you weren't a nice guy, it's just you might have some typing issues.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
I get criticized for my pronunciation.
Pronunciation.
Pronunciation.
Pronunciation.
Well, when I was four, I glued my fingers together, so, you know.
It happens.
Exactly.
Any thoughts on 2DX Nightstyle, or any of the new stuff coming out?
Um, I don't really know what that is.
Oh, that's alright. In the Groove, you know that one?
Yeah, well, you know, my arcade kind of has it, except they don't, but you know, they've had like the whole box and everything for it,
everything for it, but they still have DDR fourth mix.
In the groove cabinet they have DDR fourth mix?
Yeah, they've had it in there for like about two weeks.
Now, that is ironic, when you consider that In the Groove is kind of a stowaway game, and you always see In the Groove and DDR cabinets, that is great.
That sounds like an upgrade.
It is an upgrade. I agree with you on that.
Alright, very nice. I miss fourth mix. Fourth mix was such a wonderful mix.
Is it 4th plus or 4th mix?
4th plus.
Play some conga feelin' for me.
Cause we don't have 4th plus here anymore.
He's like, no way.
No way.
Alright, try it.
Play some Rhythm and Police.
Rhythm and Police is cool.
Alright, any other thoughts SSJ?
Not really, just a little excited about the anime convention in Arizona that's coming this week.
What city?
Phoenix, all right, right on. And what's the name of it?
Anizona, Anizona.
Okay. Oh, like Arizona, but Anizona. I get it. That's cute. Okay.
And the guest of honor is Yoshitaka Mano.
Oh, okay. I'm going to Arizona. Bye, y'all.
Are you really? No. But I would. Oh my god, he's like my favorite artist.
Our webmaster lives in Arizona. I bet you he might be checking that out.
Jason has to go talk to my hero for me.
Jason's not listening tonight, which is kinda weird.
Damn him!
I know.
Alright, well...
I need to meet my artistic hero.
Have fun at the convention, if we had money we would go too, but unfortunately we're poor, so we have to go to the...
Maybe I'll get an autograph for Sakura as a peace offering.
Aww, that's so nice of you!
Aww, I just feel like... I just want to give you both a hug.
I'll stop convoking you.
Alright.
Have a good one, buddy. Thanks for calling in. That was very big of you. Have a good one.
Yep, bye. Later. Aww.
Aww, I'm just feeling- I feel fuzzy wuzzy and I
I feel sick! Rob? Yes.
Alright, that was fun.
Ahh. A lovely, uh,
Skype segment tonight. Can't complain about that one.
I was gonna go to a break, but then I realized we just had a break. We can't do
that, so we need to-
Yeah, we need to take a break from race. We need to get into the FUs of the week, is what we need to do, dammit.
I'm not angry anymore!
Which is exactly why we need to do it now.
Actually, something did piss me off a lot today.
Alright, so good, we do have something. So, then, that being said, you guys can send it in.
Oh, I'm sorry, Angel. Oh, I just, now I'm gonna get an FU for that, I'm gonna get an FU for that.
You're about to bust that thing of coke open.
Seriously, um, I'm sorry. Uh, you can send in your FUs over private message. Please keep them short. Be courteous of the other listeners who want to get in their FUs as well.
Uh, Dark Sacra, why do we do this every single week?
Ah!
Okay, I have to explain this.
Everybody knows that I have this thing about old people who drive really, really slow,
and then I have a thing about people who talk on their cell phones while they drive.
I had the ultimate in piss off today because I was stuck behind this old guy talking on
his cell phone who was he looked like he was all veiny and ancient and like leaning over
over the steering wheel you know that type and then talking on his damn cell phone I'm
like veiny and ancient you know what I mean when people get really
old that you can feel their pain. His wife was in the car with him. I don't think anyone
was having a heart attack. Billy! How did you get trapped in the phone? Anyway, I just
passed him and cut him off and that was good. Did that make you feel better? Yeah it did.
I didn't really cut them off, but eh.
Um, another F.U. goes toward our lovely president, fucking asshole, for um, bringing Senate to
vote about that lady in Florida, with the, that had the, alright, this is a lady who
had been brain dead for 15 years, getting no oxygen to her brain, she was a vegetable,
she still is a vegetable, she will not be anything but a living vegetable, and so they
got authorization to take the feeding tube out finally and said it is you know
they have other things they could be voting on like you know allotting more
money toward you know useful things or you know improvement of our social
systems instead they're voting on whether or not to let a basically a
corpse on life support actually be a real corpse and said you know they're
costing this family all of these doctor bills just because of this whole right
to die issue she's not there anymore sorry no one home let her go
but Jamie we can rebuild them we have the technology we could put Walt Disney's
brain in there. E.T. phoned home already. What we're left with is to actually she's
probably more intelligent than him right now but I say you know why I say we
electus lady president. She'd do a better job. You know what I'm scared about? The fact
that we have living dead. We do. Stop cultivating zombies. You know she's gonna get out of the
bed. Brains! Brains! That's why she's brain dead! She needs brains! You see, you see.
This woman is starving to death for 14 days and you're like, brain! Well, let you guys
starve to death! Oh, that's what we need, a brain dead person starving for brains! That's
Okay, I F you, so fuck you, shut up!
She does not know
that she's starving. She doesn't have
the capacity to register pain.
Okay, how about when they pull the plug on life support? Same thing.
That tube is her life support.
it's not like her heart shuts down and she dies
she is unable to eat
she's not even there
it's a body with no place
i think it's gonna be one of those
two words to settle a dispute
lethal injection
okay? if you're going to kill her
do it quickly
don't leave her to wither and starve
and die away slowly
this is my epi thank you
we disagree with you
i honestly
would prefer lethal injection but if they have to do anything you know the
only legal recourse they have is to take the tube out and let her die of natural
causes because technically it is a natural cause she is incapable of taking
care of herself she's not even there anymore there's nobody home you know
basically it's letting a corpse be a corpse you know you don't keep you know
here take your vitamin dead person let me dig you up and put a chicken wing
but then if she's not there anymore how is the rest of her body functioning
without any life support so obviously her brain is working enough to keep her
heart beating very minimal functions but there but how do you know she can't feel
anything how do you know she can't feel starvation okay there's no there is no
mind or soul left in her body it has departed it's that there's nothing there
she can't she cannot maintain the cognitive functions of the of the
average human being I'll put it that way she has no cognitive functions and the
story at any rate I I would say that if they could just go ahead and kill her I
would say if they could legally get away with just injecting her and killing her
to do it I would encourage somebody to go you get it at home no no no you
wouldn't this is gonna be one of those ironic things where they're gonna have
this whole battle it's like that movie um what is it citizen Ruth it's just
like that movie it's a big abortion should she or should she not have an
abortion and then at the end she miscarries it's gonna be one of those
type of things where like she's gonna end up she's gonna like roll and fall
out of her bed and get like kill herself that way or something it's gonna be one
of those like really tragic things after this big huge fight something else will
happen that's my prediction you heard it here at any rate one way or another she
shouldn't have to her her husband should not be made to suffer watching basically
this joke of his wife be kept on life support there's no reason for it and I
feel really bad for him you know and then her family you know her parents
are holding on to fault hope she's not waking up you know if they if they truly
loved her they would let her go yeah let's end on an agreement please she
needs to die one way or another please let's end on an agreement all right
Nice to be killed.
Any other FUs, Jamie?
Break her neck.
Um.
What?
Roll so fast.
I say we give her the log treatment.
No, that's bad.
No, seriously.
Um, my other FUs, I really don't have any.
That's just really been sort of my inferior- Oh, yeah?
Um, fuck you to the worm in Silent Hill 3.
Ew.
And I'm done.
Alright.
Okay, afterthought.
Revive Jeffrey Dahmer.
Have him go at it.
Oh, my God.
You guys are weird.
Okay, let's go. Um, let's go to Loki.
Don't acknowledge that with a comment on air, please.
All I'm saying, all I'm saying is this. Where is the status of Florida, right?
Dude, do we need any more proof? I mean, come on. They're the ones that's gonna bring upon the end of the world with zombies.
The whole thing is the Republicans trying to one-up the Democrats. That's all it is. It's power play.
It's because it's in Florida, and that's where, you know...
And there's, you know, jabs in charge there.
Okay, 100,000 people died in a tsunami in January, and we are all hung up on this joke.
Yeah, but did any of them turn into zombies? That's what I want to know.
I don't know.
At any rate, at any rate, you know, the body, true, it can live without cognitive function, but that doesn't necessarily constitute life.
you know what's gonna happen they're gonna pull out that goddamn tube she's
gonna breathe and it starts there I seriously cannot take this topic anymore
please I think behind it is just that the Republicans are trying to wind up
the Democrats that's all it is okay all right anyways so here's here's my
solution to the whole problem we should have America because America can make
great decisions like choosing the american idol we should have them vote
on how she died now this can be anywhere from like being shot out of a cannon
to drop from a plane, space shuttle, mirror
I mean it doesn't really matter just you know have her die because she can't feel pain
I mean might as well contribute to society she cannot she's brain dead
okay I'll put it this way her nervous system
can register a pain response but her brain does not understand
that she is in pain because there's nothing there!
How about we poke her and then she goes OW!
Then we'll know that she can feel pain.
Well, tough, then she's not feeling pain.
She's not there!
Okay, so that's enough of that.
We're gonna have a heart attack and then we're gonna have a fight.
How is she gonna kill us?
Well, he's already dead. He's not a zombie.
Rob, I promise you.
I think we should chop off her head.
If every cat's on life support with a tube in your stomach, we'll let you go.
You pull that fucking tube out. I don't want to be a vegetable.
be a vegetable. That's right, you know out. No, I already said this. I decree this. If
I am in that state, I want you to fling, I want to be put in a catapult, and I want to
be flung against a glass building. Flung at the White House. No, I want to be flung at
a glass building. I want to be flung at the Apple Building during lunch hour. That would
be rad. That is my request, thank you. Can we dress you up in all matching clothes so
that you know you can match your ipod or one of the one of the things is that she
had actually been witnessing that she would never want to be maintained on life support
anyway seriously loki that comment oh my god i only on this show i i i and we still don't get
hate mail that is the amazing thing we don't get hate mail over comments like that i am the voice
of the people what can I say anyways so further FUs of the week go to bad
drivers especially people that don't know how to drive in rain because when
the rain drops are big and there's pea-sized hail coming down what do you do
you need to drive faster that's right so you can slip on the you know the water
and stuff and hydroplane off a cliff or something because that's what people do
and that's what people did today except they didn't fall off a cliff and they
They just got in a car accident and made a U-turn over a median and stuff like that.
Go people.
And also, um, fuck you to, uh, to Necrophiliacs.
Please move past it.
Please move past it.
Even dead people need lovin'.
Anyways, uh, um, no, really though, um.
am i really here i think i think i think i'm probably done
let me we know the only thing that
i think she should run for governor
sketching
done
i can't think of anything else you're done
I don't know I I had some good FUs of the week but I I lost it um F you to
disagreements can't we all just get along how about a hug you guys I want a
big group hug big group hug come on it's just me an angel in the hug I'm not
feeling the hug where's the hug everybody you guys suck F you you guys
for not wanting to do a hug that's it I don't I don't have anything good to say
I know we could do what we can dress her up and put her in funny situations like Bernie and it could be like
You know weekend with weekend with
Terry
Terry weekend with Terry, you know weekend at Terry's or something like that, you know where she's just sitting there
You are there is a special place in hell they already have your name engraved on the seat I
I have a seat. Awesome.
I'm done. We seriously need to get through this segment. Moving on to other folks in the room.
Magus, your FUs of the week.
Oh, where to start on my FUs? Oh wait, I wasn't supposed to bring that up.
Um, FU to rude callers, especially at my workplace. I'm here to help, I'm not here to be berated, I'm not here to, hmm, have death rates directed against me.
Get this, one fucker decided to actually call in a bomb threat because of Bush's medical policies, because I work in health care.
What the hell? You don't leave that kind of shit on my voicemail, fuck you.
Tech support worker is more than I bargained for, but hey, whatever.
F.U. to stupid drivers in the rain.
Judging from the amount of cursing from my dad, I think he shares at F.U. too.
FU to finals because I had one operating system after another because it was like back to back finals and I was like ahhh brain fried oh my god.
But that's over so whatever.
whatever um uh i don't know just yeah i don't know i don't know what else to say f you too
oh yeah or if you're not being if you're myself we're not playing ddr that much because last
night hurt ow but uh yeah that that just means that uh i need to go to the go play go to
the arcade like once a week if some other people in this room would like to
do that so yeah that's it I'm done bye that was a hint with a capital H I just
mess with you all right let's go to the chair of FUs let's start with dark
Tetsuya f you to you guys going to see CL and not telling me grr I will send
Asian buddy Paul says F you to wisdom teeth removal
although my consolation is the pain meds that come with them
I remember I was on Vicodin for a month and a half after Mikey
DJ Ron Ma S says F you to that website for firing slash banning me
fuck you hard for everything I did this is the thanks I get
F you royally
illusion says F you to suddenly being sick out of nowhere
F you to the alleged song list for Donkey Konga 2 story of the year good Charlotte and taking back Sunday
Are you trying to make the Donkey Konga players of America retarded?
F you to this weekend being absolutely boring being too sick to go anywhere
Meaning I had to stay at home sit around and be completely bored
SS J 100 Matt says F you to my bad grammar and typing. Sorry again Sakura
FU to the sunburn that I got on my face while watching a spring training baseball game thanks
to my sunglasses.
I look like a raccoon now.
Lemon Lime Jump says FU to all the tourists in Fort Myers that make the city swell up
like a horrible infection just because Edison lived here in the winter eons ago.
I forgot.
FU to there being no DDR machines in Fort Myers.
And lastly, MPQ says, F you to be mistaken for 18, doesn't do me any good.
Would you like to do this?
Wait!
You're not 18?
Go away!
F you to myself for crashing into a pole on my bike Thursday and getting a concussion
and completely ruining my good day.
P.S.
F you to celebrities.
I don't care about the latest affair.
I don't care who's fat or anorexic.
I don't care who's married or divorced.
Just shut up already.
I hear you an 18 bit.
All right.
That's me for a while.
That's it.
was all of our FUs that we got anyway. So, that's it for the FUs of the week. Thank you
guys for being angsty, I suppose. I also, I thought of one late FU I would like to say.
FU to Spring Break Shark Attack for being on tonight on CBS. All these sorority girls
getting eaten by sharks live on CBS. I hope you have a TiVo. Mike's not on. Awesome! There
There we go. Much better.
Maybe the sharks will... Never mind. I just, I can't even bring it up. I can't even bring it up.
Can they eat Terry?
Nah, just stop.
Not going there.
Alright.
We can put... We can tie her to David Hasselhoff and make it seem like, you know, she's running because he'll be, like, behind...
Almost like, you know, kind of like a ventriloquist doll.
They could like, you know, tie her to like bars and stuff so, you know, they could have someone do a tap dance and she does a tap dance.
I think we need to go to a break. Oh my gosh.
In this break, I want to show some keyboard mania love in this break because I just, I want to hear some keyboard mania songs.
And when we come back, we'll do Ask Orange Lounge. How's that sound?
And also the DDR Freak post of the week. I want to get into that.
But you can start submitting your questions for Ask Orange Lounge as well.
So we'll be back after this. We'll do some potpourri.
We're going to do a mix of music in this break.
Because I really want to play a Mambo A Go-Go song too.
So, we'll be back after this, starting off with some Klangkang, we'll be back after this.
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
.
.
.
.
.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
home to Hindi, home to the Orange Lounge Radio, home to Hindi, home to Newton, with
Hello, and we're back, boys and girls. Don't forget, you can send in your questions right
now for Ask Orange Lounge, because we're going to be getting to that shortly, so we always
want to hear the questions that you have. If you want to ask us about Bamani, if you
want to ask us about Ditter or 2DX or whatever, Keyboard Mania. Hey, I used to be pretty good
at Keyboard Mania, little known fact. I used to be pretty good at it. I wasn't like blue
good, but I was pretty good. I could hold my own. So, if you've got questions on that,
we'd love to hear them, or just general questions. We may not be able to get to everything, but
we, you know, do encourage you to think hard about a question you would like us to answer.
Also, just a reminder about the podcast, we have a downloadable 25 to 30 minute show,
lately it's been more like 30 minutes, that you can download any time you want. It's like
audio blogging. Just because it's called a podcast, doesn't mean you need an iPod to
to listen. You just need whatever media player you're using to listen to the show right now.
It will work. For more information, visit www.orangelaungeradio.com and click on the
Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition. And also, we have a live journal. We have a club on
oneup.com now, which has, you know, got some more people on it, so that's kind of cool
to see. So, check all that stuff out. Orange Lounge Radio fandom. Who knew? All right.
see now we're going to do we're going to get into the DDR freak post of the week
yes that's right DDR freak you know what you love it we love DDR freak because
they run our reruns on Friday nights so check that out Friday nights on DDR
freak radio but we love them too because they are love it or hate it it's kind of
the central hub of the DDR community if you're into DDR even remotely you know
about this website but because it is so damn big it gets not only all the cool
people like you and me and you know the rest of the folks here in studio but it
gets the real weirdos and it gets the noobs the noobs then the trolls and it
always gets an interesting post so this actually was nominated by one of our
listeners Flair O'Nai sent me a private message and said dude DDR freak post of
the week right here and I said dude you're right so here it is this post is
titled is it possible to have sex while playing DDR here goes the message is it
possible to have sex while playing DDR I mean like not cheating like on the
controller, spelled wrong, but really is it? I am going to attempt it tonight. I'm going
over someone's house. I hope their BF don't get mad. And then wink icon, smile icon, grin
icon. Hm, what else? Hm, yeah people. Anyone get a AAA on Legend of Max? And that is our
Are DDR free posts of the week?
Technically, yes it is possible.
If it's sex, and it's DDR, chances are Loki knows about it.
It would be possible, and this is the only way how, because it's very, it would be very
difficult to have sex on DDR.
You would have to probably be playing Disney Mix, and you'd have to play Mickey Mouse March
because it's all left and right arrows.
So as long as someone is on like a countertop that's placed right next to the pad, you could
probably be able to step to left and right arrows while thrusting into them. That'd be
the only way. Otherwise, it's impossible.
Um, I don't know if you understand the joke about this segment, but you're not actually
supposed to reply to these posts. Might I say, the post, just as a footnote, the post
was promptly locked in the next post by everyone's favorite admin, Spike. So you're going over
to someone's house and try to get them to cheat on their boyfriend with you by having
sex while playing DDR. Sweet Jesus, what's happened to kids these days?
Lock. I'm just saying it's possible. I'm not saying that anyone should try it because that's
retarded. DarkSock already had a thought. Just hit the pause button, get it done with,
Then go back and play.
There you go.
God, I love DDR Freak.
What do we do without DDR Freak?
We have fun.
I'm so glad the microphone didn't pick up your little comment.
No, um, Magus.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio? We have some noobs tonight who are asking some questions. I just hope they're
not as bad as the post on DDR Freak. Why does Orange Lounge have a few syllables in there?
Is it possible to have sex while listening to Orange Lounge? Yes, but we highly discourage
it. Yes, but don't tell us about it. Don't be too loud because you won't be able to hear
the show. When we say F you of the week we don't actually mean F. Starting off, I have
to ask a follow up question to that because they want us to ask something there. Let's
go to this next one. VGM. Dear Orange Lounge Radio, do you guys and girls get paid for
were doing this? No. I wish. What can I say? No, we don't actually at this time. This is
why you might remember at the beginning of the show I announced that Orange Lounge Radio
is taking steps to become a business and myself, Jamie and Matt, we are all officially a partnership
now so you may see some little ads come to the site in the future but no panic please.
We hate banner ads, we hate pop-ups, so we're trying to think of things where you could
purchase things from Orange Lounge Radio and it would be stuff you would want and actually
be interested in.
We're not going to have free iPod banners and stuff if we can help it.
I'm not going to say never ever because we might get desperate, but for the time being
we're not planning on that.
We hate ads on the internet just like the rest of you.
We're going to make it all tasteful and maybe someday, yes, we can make money doing this
because that would be cool. Because who wouldn't want to quit their job and do
Orange Lawns Radio? Seriously. Illusion says, Orange Lawns Radio question. If
there were a sequel to be made of any music game, not Bahmani, that is US, such
as Frequency, Amplitude, or Taiko Drum Master, that doesn't seem like it will
have a sequel, which one would you want to see a sequel from? Any thoughts on
this. Magus. Gitaroo Man, hands down. I would like to see another sequel to Bust-A-Move
Groove, whatever you want to call it. It was Dance Summit. Yeah, but I'd like to see something
break in the US market. A real Bust-A-Move sequel with all the characters again. Yeah,
I mean, I'd like to see another one of those, because that was really the game that got
me into DDR in the first place, I have to correct. And I know it's Jamie's pet peeve
to call those games Bust a Groove, but when I got into them, that's what I knew them as,
so I have to call them Bust a Groove. Yes?
I know, more, um, uh, Puyo Da. That's not a U.S. game, though, is it?
Puyo Da needs to come out in the U.S., then. All right, Loki?
I have a serious and unserious one. Serious one would be a Rez sequel, and...
Oh, God, yes, I didn't even think of that. And, and, and the unserious one would be whatever
Remember it was that Aerosmith game where you fight with CDs? Revolution X2. We should
make a Revolution X2. Wow. It could be versus the RIA this time instead of like, you know,
the drug dealers and stuff. Alright, um, let's see, moving on. You know what else though?
Let's see, moving on. Oh, you know what else though? Space Channel 5. I'd love to see another one, because, oh god, I love Ooh La La.
Revolution X2 starring the Beastie Boys, because they haven't done anything good in a long time.
There are, however, music games that don't need a sequel. Mad Maestro, Unison, I can't think of any of those.
Alright. I like Technic Peek. You shut your mouth.
Lazer1234543 asks,
Can you play some Taku and give a shout out to my site?
I hate to break it to you bud, but we actually played not one but TWO Taku songs earlier
in the show. What we did, Empathy, and I think Karma was the other one.
Gotta tune in to 630 otherwise you miss them. Sorry. Maybe if we
have time we'll fit one more in because I know Jamie will always take any excuse to play Taku.
Yeah.
Story time with Rob.
Oh, I know.
I will get to that, so.
Sure.
Let's see.
Oh, uh, can we give a shout out to my site?
Sure, but you will have to pay for that.
Um, no, I'm kidding.
Sure, why not?
It's laser123454321.com, but he says it's down right now, but I guess it's, um, step
mania stuff?
So, check it out.
I'm sure I've been to it, I just can't remember.
They all start, you know, running together.
Your mind is just a big blur.
I need to go look for the Japanese sites again, because I used to have a bunch of them bookmarked.
Then they kind of, like, disappeared, and now the new ones are coming back.
Alright.
Uh, AsianBuddyPaul says, OrangeLawnsRadio question, I'm a latecomer to Ragnarok Online.
Why is it so damn addicting? I will defer this question to Jamie.
You know what, I'm still wondering myself. The only reason that I got out of it was just that I got way too busy to play,
and now I'm on Final Fantasy XI.
But you know what's sad is that I've had had second thoughts about reactivating my account
because I was up to like level 80 something on my assassin.
Alright, you know why?
Because it kind of, a lot of the MMOs now are 3D and Ragnarok is 3D to an extent but
it still has that 2D feel, it has that Secret of Mana feel and I think a lot of folks that
are into retro gaming have a special love for it for that reason.
me crazy but I think that's it. MPQ. Why are so many Babani songs rated badly? I know at
least one song I like that's rated three levels higher than I think it is. What's with that?
I don't know if he means like how burning the floor ratings. If you're talking about
Stepmania, that's a whole... people can't write their songs at all there.
What was that song I was playing earlier this week that was a 13 on Heavy and they had a...
was it Expert or Extreme or whatever version that was 20 that I was like, this is retarded?
What's the point?
Gotta love this.
Yeah, I don't know.
Um, why are they, I would say it's because with different mixes you get different developers
slightly each time so you have different opinions on what songs should be rated. I don't think
they have a formula or anything, um, so that's the best answer I got.
Um, SSJ100Matt. I'm actually planning a cross-country trip over the summer and I was thinking of
visiting your studios along the way back from Phoenix to New York my question is
if I could visit you guys and be on the show well I don't see why not but this
is the thing we've got a you know we're gonna have to draw the line at some
point since we're still underground we're cool with our fans visiting us but
one day when we're fucking famous we'll probably still be doing this show out of
our apartment and so I have to have a little bit of caution about you know
who's coming in and who's not actually we don't want the paparazzi coming we
We don't want the damn paparazzi in here. Which is really funny because we could have
the paparazzi in here in the near future. Remember back in the day when we used to have
all the people that listened to our show come in, they were like, why is our listenership
down? I was like, because everyone's here. No, I don't see why not. I mean, let us know
what time frame you'll be here. But in the future, I don't want everybody thinking that
they could come. We are going to try and make more public appearances at conventions in
the Bay Area and stuff. That's going to be part of our, like, trying to get our name
out of that stuff. We almost did it this weekend. We were going to do RekkaCon, but I had to
back out for other reasons, so. I'm sorry. Anyway. Um, so as, yes, you're special since
you asked right now. You can visit us. Just, uh, send one of us an email. Either Rob or
Jamie or Matt at orangelandtrader.com and we will hook you up. And it's loki at orangelandtrader.com.
Matt auto-forwards to Loki anyways, it doesn't matter.
I get a bunch of spam. A lot of people, a lot of spammers know where my address is.
I think you can do darksaccharide at forwards to Jamie, which ends up forwarding to our other address,
and you can do Rob or Skye, and I think it all works, but...
Rob is what's on the business cards, so that's why I wanted to do that.
No one sends me mail, except for the one time when, you know, they sent me mail because I asked for mail,
but no one sends me mail, they're in spammers, and it looks like Matrix online today, but...
Send Loki some email, you guys. Send him, send him some email.
them some email. Honestly, I need to get rid of spam. I need a new email address. Alright,
we'll see. Alright, it looks like that's all the questions we got for right now, so I'm
going to close up the Ask Orange Lounge segment, so thank you guys for participating there.
Angel reminded me to mention something funny that happened yesterday. We were playing DDR,
because I mentioned I went to the bowling alley that's open 24 hours, and I was playing
in the groove, and they also have DDR. And I don't know why, if it's just because I'm
kinda... I don't want to say I'm bored with DDR, but I'm at the point where it's just
like, I always just do roulette every time when I pick my song, because I guess that
helps me get a break outside the box a little bit and play songs I wouldn't usually play.
So I was doing roulette every time. And, um, for Extra Stage, I did it as well. I did roulette
on my extra stage. Remember, extra stage is reverse 1.5 speed because I secretly don't
like doing Legend of Max because I really can't pass it because I'm old and it's too
fast and it's just too much for me. So call me a sucky DDR player, I don't care, but I
can't pass Legend of Max extra stage. It's just too much. Too much stamina. So I do 1.5
reverse and guess what song I end up with? BAG as my extra stage. And it lands on BAG
and all I hear is angels start going,
AH HA HA HA!
AH HA HA HA! SUCKS TO BE YOU!
I didn't know that, I said, NOOOO!
You were totally pointing and laughing at me.
The sad thing is, I actually did it, and I was kinda doing it for a little while,
but then I was like,
I'm too old, and I quit. I don't, I don't hold onto the bar or anything, and I'm not
saying
I'm against bar raping, I'm just, I personally am not a
bar holder player type.
Next time you consider bar raping, think of the bar.
What did the bar do to you, huh?
Anyway, I guess it's that time to start thinking about wrapping up this program.
Thank you guys for tuning in tonight, and we hope to see you next week, but we can't
end it until we get our final thoughts.
Magus, your final thought.
Needs more nachos, and possibly a little more cowbell.
Angel!
No more bag on roulette.
Um...
Uh, Nellie, do you have a final thought?
Do you really want me to talk about the dead woman again? Sure. No, I'm just kidding.
Alright. Loki, your final thought?
Um, listen to the podcast where you'll hear more about my dog throwing poop on stuff.
And Dark, oh my final thought, I'll let you have last. My final thought is, um, all you motherfuckers are gonna pay. You are the ones who are the ball lickers. DarkSakura, your final thought.
Do you know me? I am so famous.
Alright, that's gonna do it for tonight's show. Thank you guys so much for tuning in, supporting and listening.
Um, Magus, you get tonight's final word. One word to sum it all up.
Veggies!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
We did it all.
We did it all.
Whenever we get our hands on back in the 70s, we did fucking handfuls of mushrooms, pills,
ludes, coke, whatever it was, we just fucking swallowed it, okay?
That's what we did.
People go, well why don't you go into rehab?
We didn't have rehab back in the 70s.
in the 70s rehab meant you'd stop doing coke but you kept smoking pot and
drinking for a couple more weeks you know yeah give me a case of Budweiser
on an ounce I gotta slow down Jesus Christ I'm out of control look at the
size of my pants for Christ's sake
that's the big thing now rehab is the big fucking secret now isn't it huh yeah
you can do whatever you want just going to rehab and solve your problems and
that's a big celebrity thing that's what I'm gonna do yeah I'm gonna get famous
then my career starts to flag I'm gonna go on a three-month fucking bender okay
Coke and fuckin' pot and smack and fuckin' booze and drive over people and beat up my kids
Go into therapy, go into rehab, come out of rehab, be on the cover of People magazine
Sorry!
I fucked up!
That's what they do, man, they go into rehab and they come out and they blame everybody except themselves
They blame their parents, right?
That's the way everybody comes from a dysfunctional family all of a sudden, huh?
Roseanne Barr comes from a dysfunctional family
Not Roseanne, she seems so normal to me
The Jacksons were dysfunctional, not the Jacksons!
These people give each other new heads for Christmas, for Christ's sake!
I am sick and tired of hearing that fucking speech, you know?
These people come out of rehab and they always have the same story, well, you know, I became
an alcoholic because my parents didn't love me, you know, and I became a junkie because
my parents didn't love me enough, and I wanted the hypnosis and therapy and I found out that
my parents used to hit me, hey, my parents used to beat the living shit out of me, okay?
And looking back on it, I'm glad they did it, I'm looking forward to beating the shit
out of my kids, aren't you? For no reason whatsoever, what'd you hit me for? Shut up
and get out there and mow the lawn, for Christ's sake. There's therapy for you, mowing the
lawn and crying at the same time. The Leary kids in therapy again, their lawn looks great,
unbelievable. I'm just not happy. I'm just not happy. I'm just not happy because my life
didn't turn out the way I thought it would. Hey, join the fucking club, okay? I thought
I was going to be the starting center fielder for the Boston Red Sox. Life sucks. Get a
fucking helmet, all right? I'm not happy. I'm not happy. Nobody's happy, okay? Happiness
comes in small doses folks it's a cigarette or a chocolate chip cookie or a five second orgasm
that's it okay you come you eat the cookie you smoke the butt you go to sleep you get up in the
morning and go to fucking work okay that is it end the fucking list
and just be a happy shut the fuck up all right that's the name of my new book shut the fuck up
by dr dennis larry a revolutionary new form of therapy i'm gonna have my patients come in
and doctor, I shut the fuck up next.
I don't feel so, shut the fuck up next.
He made me feel so much better about myself, you know.
He just told me to shut the fuck up
and nobody had ever told me that before.
I feel so much better now.
Whining fucking maggots.
And all these people quitting.
I think it's a good thing, AA,
and the recovery and rehab,
because I've got some friends
who would be dead without those programs,
but you know something, now we have a different problem,
because now they quit drinking and drugs.
They're completely stressed out and they decide to work out,
Which is fine, I'm not a workout guy,
but I understood Nautilus, it made sense.
There were arm machines and leg machines,
but have you seen these people
who are using the stair master, huh?
Have we turned into gerbils, ladies and gentlemen?
People are paying money to go into a health club
and walk up invisible steps over and over again
for an hour and a half.
Where are you going?
I'm going up, and I paid for it too.
I can stay here as long as I want, folks.
You wanna go up and down stairs,
move into a fifth floor, walk up on the Lower East Side, okay?
What's next, a fucking chair master?
I sit down, I get up, I sit down, I get up, I sit down,
I get up, the door master, I open the door,
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Sorry, I fucked up!
Alright, a lovely fortune cookie as always from Dark Sakura.
We are signing off, we're going to go back to our basic broadcast so we can go tape ourselves
a podcast.
Tune in next week boys and girls, actually you know what, just fucking tune in 24-7 because
Because we got lots of cool shit on the station.
So reconnect in about 15 seconds, because we're going to dump your asses because I want
my computer back.
