allowed
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh, God.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 135, for this March the 13th, 2005, you're tuned
in to the Bemani scenes, last minute radio station of all things gaming and Bemani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Skye, joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, say hello to the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Sommers, you
know her better as Dark Sakura.
Now long to free.
Yes, no long butter this week.
Well, um, but I'm mostly better.
Sounds good to me.
And in this corner, saving our sound at the last second here tonight, we are having some
major sound issues just 30 seconds ago.
Say hello to Loki!
Alright, and also joining us tonight, a veteran of our program, a veteran guest, she's been
down in the trenches, and she knows how to butter the host of the show up.
Say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello.
Alright.
Well, it should be another fun-filled show tonight.
We've got all the regular stuff you like to hear, our weeks, our day, cage match, and
who knows what else?
Possibly some Bahmani news and all that fun stuff as well.
We will get into that when we come back from a quick break, and this break, I don't really
have an idea for music that I want to hear in particular, so I think we'll just kind
of do some Bahmani randomness.
We'll start it off with some Thomas Howard LECHSCHRISCHEIN!
We'll be back after this.
You want to follow me
Wear dresses too tight
But you can't let her see you there
But she's a hot one
And a fiend
Tú la senorita
You'll never get those in love
Tú la senorita
Hoorah!
A lot of women
I know she has a mind and an attitude And she has a space and a style and a tune
She sees you, believes you, feeling good over you
Like you knew she would when she smiled It's like the sun shining on your face
Falling and stretching the land of the day
And she's a hot woman, a little young, full of senorita
Mom, California, full of senorita
Who loves a European?
Who can make waves all over town?
Can you see me comin'? Everybody dancin' around
With a spoon can do the talkin' back down, down
I'm a lazy man that's a turtle, not too free
I told your daughter, can't stay up all week
And I feel good for the road I'm sliding next to you
Yeah, this is your roundabout of pain Nobody's getting my way
Heaven in the 50s, heaven in the 70s, yeah
I was the happiest guy
That's what everyone said
And never once thought I was lonely then
Still, I believe in nothing so well
No one could ever tell
Just a funny face
On an empty shell
And when you came along
You didn't even see I was wrong
I know it's just my mind, but I don't really care cause I'm down
I'm with you, I'm with you, don't bring me down
I'm with you, I'm with you, don't bring me down
When I dream of you, I want you to learn to do what you just do.
Tell me now, what you want to do.
Tell me now, what you want to do.
I want to stay in the car, and you never know.
Show me what is better, don't you know.
I don't know what you mean to me, but what you mean I don't know
you know, stuff happens. So Ballad For You was a mistake. No, Ballad For You is not a
mistake.
Just like this next song, The Torture will continue here with Thomas Howard. One
more song.
We'll be back after this.
It's such a special day
Tonight is the night for our love yous
Wish we could have this evening
The year Christmas is here
Christmas is here
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Night falls on you
And if you know
We need you
My heart is beating with you
You are the light of the night on my side
I'm a mama, you know I can fall
I'm a thousand fears, your heart is strong
Christmas is here
Orange Lounge Radio
Bomani Music
And more
Perfect!
Alright, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio
Hope you enjoyed that break full of Thomas Howard
He's named after a small country in Europe
So, that's a fun little segment there
there. You know, and it's funny because our chat room is very polarized there where some
folks are like, Fuck you! I can't believe you're playing this! Fuck you guys on Orange
Lounge Radio! You guys suck! I can't believe we're listening to you guys! And then some
guys are like, Yay! I love Orange Lounge Radio because they play Tom and Tom! Yay! If they
hate us so much, why are they listening? Because, secretly, they know the next break will be
something decent. You know, we play things from the entire Bimani spectrum. It'll be
a break of nothing but I love that feeling. Little do they realize it's the Thomas Howard
show today and they won't be getting anything else. I swear to God I will be playing Forever
Sunshine next break. But with... Rob. What? Rob. What? Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob. What? Play
the song and I will kill you. Well, there's actually damn good reason to be playing Forever
Sunshine next break and I'll get into that later. I will kill you with a ferret. I will
kill you in the house I will kill you with the mouse will you will you kill me
in a bus will you get on it wasn't this like six weeks ago when we got into this
yeah dr. Seuss show dr. redfish bluefish and you got a deal yes would you piss on
a train with all right stop stop anyway I was gonna say that I liked Elle
I love this station, giving the fans what they don't want.
You know that neon FM game that's coming out, the new one with the pad that's going to look
like a Beatmania pad, so I've been joking and calling this game Feetmania FM.
It has a lot of Thomas Howard in it.
Thomas Howard.
Yay!
So, and there's supposed to be a song called Girl's Butts.
I'm looking very forward to being able to play that one on the station, so we'll see.
Our webcam is not up just yet, but look, he's getting that set up right now as we speak.
We're kind of getting the ball rolling very last minute tonight, because, you know, we
just had better things to do, like Final Fantasy XI, and, um...
I only played once this week.
Actually, I've been pretty good on the Final Fantasy XI addiction this week.
I actually played DDR today.
Granted, I was playing controller on Ultramix 2 on Xbox Live, but I was actually having fun.
But I'll get into that later.
Let's start off tonight's show as we always do, playing a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day?
Starting off with the lovely Dark Sakura.
I spent the whole week on coding.
I went to the doctor, and he gave me some lovely drugs, except I misread the label in my sickness and read teaspoon as tablespoon.
So all Monday at work, I was taking this gua-phenicin with codeine syrup at basically triple doses four times a day.
I was high as a kite and feeling little pain. I was very happy.
Remember kids, drugs are bad.
Okay.
But, uh, yes they do. What you talking about? We do endorse burping off the couch.
You endorse recreational Waltussin use? I don't take Waltussin anymore. It's got sugar
in it. Oh. But they make sugar-free Coca Cola.
I don't know why things that aren't usually funny are funny tonight. Maybe I'm high on
I don't know you you sound like you're still coughing up a little bit of lung
butter over there yeah but it's a good thing because I have a voice finally
sort of that's good I think with my CD player today it was great tonight you
don't sound like grandma orange lounge I got a good but uh I you know the week
I think it was pretty much normal crap. I, of course, didn't go to the gym, but I did go yesterday.
I went to spin class, and I was very sad because the teacher who I wanted to teach a spin class wasn't teaching it,
because she might be sick with other issues, and so I'm really worried.
But my friend...
I just ferreted Jamie's laptop.
You touch the pressures and you die.
Sorry.
You go to hell and you die!
anyway. Rob just picked his nose. I did not pick my nose, I scratched my nose. If the
webcam faced over here, I'd demand an instant replay. Yeah, too bad that you'd have to be
picking your nose for like a minute straight for that to work. Wow, you really did fuss
with that mic, that's good and loud now. I tell you, it's probably just because, you
You know, pulling cords out through, you know, over the, um, audio board there, every now
and then a cord gets stuck on a knob, and then, you know, the knob turns, and then the
audio gets all fucked up.
Needs to be, like, in a glass case or something.
Loki has his magic gummy bears again.
Dun dun dun!
Seriously, if you guys were listening to the podcast this last week, Loki was, like, turned
down to, like, 20% level or something, but it was pleasant, because his anger was subdued.
I still have to tell you about my damn week!
For those people wondering why this segment takes so damn long, this is why, right here.
It's called We Digress.
Anyway, I hung out with my friend Melody yesterday, who is not Sharks Girl.
She is a friend of mine who I worked with at the evil student loan company and she met
her fiance through work and he lives in Delaware so she's moving to Delaware next month.
We're in Delaware in Delaware.
Okay, knock it off.
But anyway, this is the last chance I really get to hang out with her so we went to see
Constantine yesterday which I actually liked and I've even read a little bit of
the Hellblazer comics so where it was a bit different I actually liked it as a
movie it was pretty cool I think is how I like movies that just totally screw
with theology and you know yeah that's also I guess the reason why I like Angel
Sanctuary too um anyway we saw that I went to her apartment to meet her cat
Simon she went to my apartment to meet Shermy she took two pictures of me and
five pictures of Shermy anyway we went I took her to meet Dan and Dan did his
stuff he was working so then we went to Chevy's which but has did he managed to
sell any ignition pads I don't know I don't care I don't keep up with that he's
up to an inventory tonight okay um but we went to Chevy's and then went to
cheesecake factory I decided to make yesterday my cheat day so the box of
Samoas is gonna wait until my birthday because that's my next cheat day I'm
having two cheat days next month and then we went back and Dan came home when
we were hanging out at my place because I was burning off the copy of Battle Royale
for her and we watched the ring and the part of the an evening with Kevin Smith
Isn't The Ring 2 out this week?
I don't know, is it this week?
This Friday.
Holy shit, I have to go.
I'm looking to see, I want to see because I heard that they were trying to incorporate some stuff from the books.
And I really like the books over the movies because the books go in such a completely different direction.
Which I kind of wish the movies had, but it would not have been realistic.
So I'm really curious and otherwise today's been kind of, oh yeah, today I actually was
outside taking pictures of nature because for my Photoshop class I have to do a composite
of three pictures into like a fantasy setting.
And I've got one of a bridge and like two other ones and eh, I'm going to play with
them.
I got my pictures from Alabama developed.
I managed to spend $75 at Walgreens.
Did they let you do digital photography and photo classes now?
Because when I was in college you had to use the old cameras...
This isn't a photo class. This is Photoshop.
Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
And he doesn't care how we get him as long as we get him.
I gotcha.
Um...
But...
That's pretty much it and I got to hang out with Dan and Julie today.
And then Dan had to go to work and I went back home.
Ah!
spots yesterday, and that was okay. It was free, and I got a lot of popcorn, so that was all good.
And then, um, yesterday we watched SpongeBob SquarePants, the movie, and that movie is weird.
I'm a goopy goober, yeah. You're a goopy goober, yeah. That movie rocked, I absolutely loved it.
This is so random, it's just... I don't even know.
I mean, I was kind of a fan of SpongeBob SquarePants before, but now, like, oh my god, he's so awesome.
I can safely say I have never, ever, ever, ever seen any.
You need to see the movie. It is awesome.
Honestly, I hate SpongeBob SquarePants, but the movie was good. I like the movie.
I find SpongeBob SquarePants to be completely retarded and just annoying, and the movie was just...
It was so different from the show. It was kind of weird because it was actually, you know, very random sort of like...
It was what Nellie said. It was a stoner movie.
It was a stoner movie.
It was Cheech and Chong.
It was just like, and it was like, they had so many homosexual innuendos in that movie.
Like, especially the ending where they do like a kiss-type ending.
Forget, I don't know if there was a kiss movie. I'm sure there was.
was but it's totally the kiss ending and then they was a Patrick is wearing
fishnet stockings yes and stilettos stilettos it's just rubber boots it's
just weird but um I don't know it was kind of funny it was just a completely
different none earlier in the week I had watched white noise and that movie was
And, um, yeah. It was weird. They're just so gonna... It just, like, had an ending that
made no sense in that movie. It's just... You're leading up, you find there's this guy,
you know, and there's these three ghosts that have been killing people, and then, you know,
the resolution to the movie, the ghosts break every bone in this guy's body and throw him
off a building. The end. I was like, oh, gee, thanks! That's nice. So now I've been told
by my fiance that I'm not supposed to meddle with the dead. I'm still gonna.
Yeah, just open your gateway to hell. I know! Every time I think about doing it, I get tired.
We'll sell soul for Gil. Yeah. Anyways. And then, um, what else did I do this week? Eh,
Yeah, that much. That's about it. You know, just kind of playing Final Fantasy and...
Yeah, I just did nothing. Like usual. Still waiting for my damn interview. For the game's sales position.
Still waiting.
Okay.
And that's it.
Alright. Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Oh, wait. Actually, before we get into that, I actually got a clip. Sorry, Angel.
I got a clip of that song, Girls Butts, Mikle Tom somehow had it and he sent it over to me.
Oh, yeah
Actually, I don't think that version in particular is sung by Thomas Howard.
I think that is DJ Potato doing that one.
But it's the same song, so you can get a pretty good idea there.
Very interesting.
Okay, just wanted to follow up there.
Angel.
I wish this week never existed.
Ever.
Ever.
I wish it never existed.
Monday through Wednesday was just fine, and all that good stuff.
Went to school and worked a little, and just all that other stuff.
And then Thursday was school.
And then I come to find out when I come home, as soon as I sat down for my computer,
that my friend had passed away.
And it's one of the guys that I knew in two years in the DJ field, you know, on the radio and stuff.
And let's just say since Thursday it's been kind of a screwed up four days and sleep's been a joke.
And just, you know, me and my other friends have been hanging around there and just comforting each other.
And just, you know, stuff that you need to do when somebody passes away.
I haven't felt this much like sorrow and pain for a really long time and it's just kind
of you know I mean I know I'm gonna get through it I know that all my friends are gonna get
through it but the main thing is we shouldn't forget him and we're not going to and all
that stuff and I just had a really hard week or at least the last four days it's getting
better but you know there's just little things that remind you of this you know somebody
like you'll be walking down the street and you'll see somebody wear a shirt and that
shirt like reminds you of the person that you just lost and just little stuff like that
and so yeah I've been grieving all week except for the first three days of the week so it's
been pretty shitty week and I really don't really want to think about it anyway that's
it I'm sorry to hear about it and I hope you
you know, things get better for you and everything. Wow, how the hell do I follow that? Uh, Angel?
Being here helps, so. I think we should play the girl's butt song again. Aw, jeez. Actually,
maybe if I play the girl's butt song again, um, Angel will feel a little better.
This game has come in every shape and size God says I'll have my time lookin' at girls' butts Wonderin' fish is a crime
Alright, and did the girl's butt song make you feel any better at all miss miss dark sacra? I?
Am not coughing
Did girls butts get rid of your cough. I guess so Wow
Butts is healed me. Oh my god. I felt the power of the girls, but so
Oh my god, this song cures cancer.
Don't tell me that Orange Lounge doesn't better your life, everybody.
My week and my day.
Shit.
What did I do?
Not a whole lot.
I also watched the Spongebob Squarepants movie Friday night, which I thought was awesome.
And I also watched this other movie last night, which was very odd. It was called The Final Cut.
Final Cut with Robin Williams.
Which, I had never heard of this movie in theaters.
It was very limited.
Very, very, very limited, apparently.
So, there was that.
And, um...
I thought that movie was very, um...
Well, obviously it's not what you'd expect from a Robin Williams movie, because it was very dark.
He also did the one-hour photo.
I saw that one. That one's weird.
so all sorts of like very unsettling movies there
um but yeah it was different but I liked it it was a thought-provoking movie it
kinda made you go
that's interesting Friday night I went out to the bar
and it was cool cuz there was this guy that thought it was cool that I play
games
so we talked for a little while and it was weird though because he's not
he's kind of not a big Nintendo supporter
so I had to talk to him about why I believe the GameCube is awesome and all
that so
This is interesting. Um, on the outside of that, you know,
just same old stuff. Went out to karaoke earlier this week because I'm a total karaoke
whore. I love it.
And, uh, actually I went twice this week. That's what a big karaoke whore I am.
I went on Monday night when it's not the usual karaoke guy that I'm
used to. It just wasn't the same. It really wasn't the same.
Um, and that's that. That's it for me.
Alright, um, let's see. So,
We're going to get into another break here and in this break we're going to play two
songs and these two songs have something in common and I'll talk about what these songs
have in common when we come back after this.
listening to Orange Lounge Radio and we'll be back.
City long beach and sand tickles your feet
That's when the winds blow your head
The kids fly forever sunshine
Crying forever sunshine
Crying forever sunshine
This is for the sunshine, and you must be kind
You can be the sunshine, like the sun in the sunshine
You think you could have another baby I could have been a hero today
You could have another baby Shine like the stars up in the sky
All of your regrets
That they choose us like an atomic bomb
Taken at the point of view
You should have another way to choose
And say that truth brings no use
When you've got your futures
I wish I'd light the stars up in the sky
Because
It's a fantasy
Passing by
Just seeing reality
And dreaming like a jewel
Cause it is the only thing to make a future shine
Alright, those two songs have something in common
If you haven't figured it out yet, we'll play two more songs that should give you a little bit of a hint.
So lovely
So soft
So soft
So stop, stop
I see what's wrong with me
I just want to be the driver
I just want to be the mother
I just want to be myself
As we take away the night has shown the way
We didn't notice the light
We disappear
Fly away to find the sea
Feeling love is so deep
Until we reach eternity
Just the
Just the free
Free
People free
Do you feel it?
I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming
I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming, I'm streaming,
I'll see you in the evening
Did you hear it?
Hey, did you hear about that show?
What show?
Well, they play a lot of greats and money and video game music, but if you listen to
it, you have to listen to it again within seven days.
Oh, I've heard of that station.
Really?
Yeah, I even listened to it a couple weeks ago.
Hey, what happens to you if you don't listen to it again?
Well, you die.
I what?
Hey, wait!
Hey! Wait! What's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen?
Orange Lounge Radio. Listen to Oberguy!
We haven't had an excuse to play that one in a while, but since you guys were talking about, you know,
um, uh, The Ring 2 coming out soon and
you talking about, you know, um, you watching The Ring this week and stuff?
You can totally see up my nose in this picture.
You know, that makes for great radio.
I like Dan's smile, he's like,
Ahh!
He looks like SpongeBob did in that movie when he got all happy.
Do not compare my man to SpongeBob.
Alright, anyway, so if you didn't figure it out,
Forever Sunshine and Regret, a song from Keyboard Mania that we played in there too,
you may not have recognized that,
those are two songs that are assumably in the next song pack. Now we haven't
heard anything official yet,
But, basically what happened is that ZipTie, who you know from DDRFreak and the message
boards over there, she's the one that helps out, I'm not sure if she does single-handedly
or if she just has a major hand in the Ultramix 2 website, well she put up some web-based
clues on what's going to be in the next song pack.
And people have deduced the clues, and you know what, they all make sense, so people
are just pretty much assuming they've got them right.
So Regret and Forever Sunshine, two of the songs that are going to be in there.
and we'll play some of the other songs a little bit more later and of course I
feel the junk circuit mix and more deep or songs that were in the last song pack
so a little hint for you so yes boys and girls you get to download forever
sunshine in the next song pack for DDR doesn't that make you excited oh yay
we now there's an interesting kind of side note to this on the forever
sunshine and actually did you know that there is one person who is responsible
for forever sunshine ending up in the next song pack so I thought we could
actually call that person right now and give them a little piece of our mind
because I'm sure you want to you want to share this so hello hi is this Seagurd
hi it's wow you're really quiet right now but that's alright this is Rob on
Orange Launch Radio. Hey, what's up? Not a lot. So, tell me about Forever Sunshine being
in the next song pack. What do you mean, tell you about it? It's there, and it's awesome,
and everybody who hates it should just go and die. Why did you put, why Forever Sunshine?
Is this your fault? Did you do this? Yeah, it's my fault. How is this your fault? Well,
Well, I picked a whole bunch of songs that I personally like. I didn't care if the other people liked them or not.
Like, Forever Sunshine, like, Fall Alika, that's all me right there, OGC, uh, Regret, those are songs I like, and I was like, well, they'd be cool for DDR, so I suggested them.
But Forever Sunshine was already in DDR, and it sucks!
Yeah, well, it was that, or you could have Let Them Move.
I'd almost rather have Let Them Move. Would it be like a junk circuit mix?
Well, you don't count now, do you?
I guess not. I'm mad at you.
That's okay. You can take it out on me by hitting me at E3 when you go.
I will.
Now are we going to expect to see crappy songs that you picked
in the next song pack, or?
Heck yeah. I mean, if you remember way back when UltraMix 2
was done and they started announcing stuff about song packs, one of the other
other Vivid members said right out loud that a lot of my random one, just me suggesting
that nobody else thought they were good, songs actually made it into song packs, so you haven't
heard the last of my takes.
So if you guys think the songs that are in the song packs suck, you know where to address
those cards and letters.
Yeah, you've got more song packs to worry about.
I know, I'm like, we're only halfway there, barely.
Yeah, exactly, so.
DarkSakra, any choice words for Seagurd? Dot, dot, dot.
Loki, any choice words for Seagurd on his selection of Forever Sunshine?
I don't care, because I already have that stupid song.
Incept Mania, uh-huh. I'm not buying no fucking song pack, nor am
I getting Ultra Mix 2. You don't even have an Xbox, so you don't
account. Well, I have an Xbox shell. But, yeah, you know what? You guys got to pay for
five dollars for shit. I know, if I want to pay, like, if I want to pay five dollars to
get cool songs, like the other songs that were announced, like... Dude, hello? What
the hell? Okay, let's pick Forever Sunshine, because that's so much better than... I can't
Oh, I was saying, what's cooler than Forever Sunshine? You could save $5 for that. You should steal privilege.
Um, I don't know, how about every other Bhimani song in existence is cooler than Forever Sunshine?
Whatever.
I have an idea!
Forever Sunshine rocks!
Let's just get that because, you know, songs like The Fall or Hellscraper, or I don't know, whatever else we can put out there.
You know, maybe anything that's in 2DX, you know, Ted Style, or anything below that, or I don't know, Beatmanium, you know?
All those songs suck.
Come on! How often do you get a random, just, one song that's appeared in only one mix, you know, just appear out of nowhere?
We've got 2DX songs. We don't need more 2DX songs. We're done with 2DX songs.
That's why I pick songs from Keyboard Mania, and Drum Mania, and one-time uses in DDR.
Secret, I have a question for you. Do you like The Muppets?
Muppets? No?
Well, because Forever Sunshine sounds like Miss Piggy singing it!
Did you know that Malcolm in the Middle guy sounds like Kermit now?
Is the Rainbow Connection going to be in the next song pack? That's what I'm curious about.
The what?
The Rainbow Connect- oh, forget it.
Forget it.
My insults are lost on you.
They really are.
Alright, well thanks.
Anything else you want to share with our listener Seeker before I hang up on you out of pure anger?
So, I guess they should just learn to deal with what they're given. That's it. They should shut up and quit being like DDR freak.
revolution in Bamani, you know when I, like, was announced like a month ago and I completely
forgot to mention on this program until just right now? Um, that Bamani karaoke revolution
game got cancelled. So those of you guys that wanted to sing Love Shine at home and stuff,
sorry. No karaoke for you.
Funny.
cuz i saw that forever sunshine was in it
yeah i guess forever sunshine was in the next karaoke revolution game
the memani one and so they had to cancel it because they realized that sucks
they couldn't put forever sunshine in there because i don't know
Just sucks. I had something there, but it just went away.
Alright. I'm gonna need more gummy bears.
Out of curiosity, you started off last week with a five pound bag of gummy bears. How many pounds are left?
Probably like a pound and a half. That's a lot of gummy.
I helped, though. I did help.
I have about a pound left.
I was offering gummy bears to people. I said, hi. I know these are my roommates, but you want some gummy bears?
One summer I went through three bags in about a week.
Oh my god.
It's great when you leave them in your car and they get all stuck together like a big
gummy mass.
Alright, let's talk about some Bimani news.
This isn't necessarily Bimani per se, but it has to do with the Dance Mania series,
which is where a lot of Bimani songs came from, so I know a lot of you guys are into
the Dance Mania series.
Dance Mania Speed G4 has been announced.
You know, I have issues with this already.
Why? Why?
Well, because there's G4 in it.
Well, that's the name of the album is Dance Mania Speed G4.
And how appropriate that it should be named that.
You get songs like Toxic, the trance speedo mix by Helen.
And you get other songs like Let's Groove by Beatbox featuring DJ Speedo.
and a song called Wookie Wookie by Jenny Rom
and then piano concerto number one in B flat minor
by Speedmaster. So it's like they're mixing that classical speed.
Speedmaster! And how can we forget Hostile Takeover, the before the beat mix?
Gotta love that one. And then of course
this has got to be the coolest thing that's on there. Theme from Miami Vice
by the extra terror sound. That's cool. But it's a speed version, so I don't know what to expect from that.
So, also smoke on the water,
that's worth mentioning. Uh, you guys will want to check out the full song list. It is posted to our
website, www.orangelaunchradio.com.
But you know what's even cooler? What? You know what else is coming out soon? What?
Air Wolf Season 1 on DVD. Really?
Really. Interesting. And you know what? Dance Mania Speed G4 doesn't have the
airwolf has a fucking kick-ass helicopter that's for sure now that I've
successfully helicopter yeah but you don't have a cool helicopter like this
is like thunder in paradise but in the air and without you know Hulk Hogan and
And what were you doing with it? It was just my normal car. Oh, okay.
I dreamed that I just drove it to work. So you were in, I don't know, Cruisin' World?
I think it was Cruisin' World, wasn't it, that had the Humvee?
That was cool. I used to always use the, the, the, um, the three-wheeled truck.
Alright, other Bahmani news, let's move on.
School Bus!
You know DDR Freak, you ever heard of that website?
I'm not sure if you've heard of it.
Were they?
You know, it's a site, and you know they actually syndicate our program on Friday nights over
on DDR Freak Radio.
Really?
So maybe you've heard of it.
Yeah, I don't know if you've heard of it.
They check them out some day.
Yeah, we should.
ddrfreak.com turned five years old this week. Five years old. How old does that make you
feel? Because I remember when DDRFreak did not look like it did today. It was like, and
it didn't even have like the same address and everything. It's crazy.
I remember it being green. And did it have the same, you know, bad grammar
that we've learned to come and love? Oh indeed. I remember, I remember having the
the biggest post count back in the day.
What happened with that?
Why is it that you had the biggest post count?
Because I don't really post that much.
I just watch threads now.
That's all I do.
Okay, this is stupid.
No flames here.
Moving on.
Nothing to see here.
You can't lock, well you can't lock a thread for being too stupid, but it has to be pointlessly
stupid.
So I thought maybe we could go around and kind of talk about the first time we visited
DDR Freak and what we thought of it. Loki. I read, this is a tribute, by the way, to
DDR Freak Turning 5. I read the, um, what was it? DDR USA, the manual, and in the back
there was a special thanks to ddrfreak.com. That's how I first found the website. To which
then I first found the regional forums, in which I found the link to Sac-Bomani. All
All links to the DDR USA manual. Yes, there are people that actually read that. Yes, I
was that poor. I was gonna say, that's like tiny ass print
in the back of the manual there. I was that bored.
So on your first visit to DDR Freak, you learned about the locals here, so that's cool.
Yep. Alright. Dark Sakhra, your first visit to DDR
Freak. This had to have been... it was right before
A.X. 2000. So, I should write around the time of A.X. 2000, because I was just getting into
a lot of it. I was looking for more people who play, and I just started posting there,
found people who had other interests, and then I randomly made the Sacramento thread
on DVR Freak. And, oh my god, did we get yelled at in that thread, because we were random.
And I will, I'll tell you what, it was nothing compared to the random chat you see today
on DDR Free.
But man, people were like, you guys are losers, right?
You know what?
They didn't want to see it.
They didn't have to click that thread.
Amen.
How'd you end up becoming a moderator over there?
Because I was a good babysitter.
I had this habit of insinuating myself between people's arguments just because I didn't want
to see all the crap.
And I posted so much.
I was available.
when I was working at GNC.
I was available all the time and posted all the time
and had pretty good people skills so I got offered the position.
Right as my cable went down.
But it was pretty cool.
I still like doing it. I kinda
got really busy with stuff for a while and then I'm back in it now.
I'm trying to remember my first visit to DDR Freak. I don't remember about when it was. I think it was
about the time I discovered the machine at RVGL I think I'd done a search on the
internet for DDR and I found DDR Freak that way and I do remember the boards
were green and I remember a lot of people that were posting were all in the
Bay Area and they were talking about the songs they were playing and passing in
the freestyle stuff and I was just kind of like these guys are sick obsessive
little freaks which is really funny in retrospect that I thought that but then
I lurked for a long time. I lurked for probably a good two months. I remember
when I was lurking they were not using a PHP board, they were using some other
type of web board when I first was looking at it. I was lurking at it and
then when they did the PHP board I think that's when I finally signed up. But it's
not the same one that we know now. Like there was another, like there was another
board in between I don't even remember, but that's when I signed up and stopped
lurking and it was probably about the same time as that sacramentals thread
because I remember us all taking that trip to the Bay Area to play Para Para
for the first time. That was pretty awesome. So that was my first DDR Freak
experience. Angel, do you remember? Yeah, unfortunately I was the late bloomer out
of all of you guys, but that's okay. Actually I'll blame it on Orange Lounge.
Probably around 2002 or so, so you know like I said I was a late bloomer out of all of
you guys, but it's pretty cool. I still... I don't do the forums, you know, as far as
posting is concerned, because someone took my name, so, you know, and I can't
think of anything else that's cool, so, you know, because my handle's my handle, so I
just, you know, look and read stuff, but other than that, no.
All right, so happy birthday to you folks there at DDR Freak. You're turning five
years old now you all can be placed in kindergarten so maybe you'll learn
something all right but man that just kind of shows how long DDR itself has
been around it's kind of interesting so it's very interesting to to go to DDR
freak and look at the headlines and they're all about in the groove kind of
shows you where this this thing is going very interesting all right let's take
another quick break and when we come back from this break we're gonna get in
the orange entre deux cage match maybe we'll do ourselves a list list tonight
we haven't done one of those in a while and I have a good idea for a topic so
we'll do that and we'll also open up the skype line for those you guys that want
to call in so in this break you get some Bamani potpourri there's really no rhyme
or reason to why we're playing these songs we just want to hear them so we'll
We'll be back after this.
Hey
1, 2, 3, 4!
I'm gonna be a, I'm gonna be a, I'm gonna be a faggot
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Get up stand up, touch up on the plumb back
How you gonna be the attraction?
An instruction if you wanna stay to the wall
Grab yourself a piece of the action
You got to get out the level, make the big fail
Get out, you know we got to go
Get out the rock, dancing on top of the moon
Here we go, here we go
Get up, stand up, stretch your focus up your nose
Get up, stand up
Plus it's you and her in a corner
Sitting by yourself in the dark
You don't really wanna be your mama
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, hope you're having a good time listening to us
tonight.
Hey, remember you can join our chat room over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
You can also interact with us by heading on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click
on interact with us.
And you can call us on our Skype line.
And in order to do that, you just got to get all the details there to call us on Skype.
In fact, what we're going to do, we're going to open up the Skype line for folks to go
ahead and call in and if they want to talk to us so those you guys that are
all skyped up and ready to go go ahead and drop us a line there it's an open
forum tonight we don't have any specific topics on in mind so go ahead and just
call us on whatever you want to say within reason though I mean honestly I
we got to keep it within reason tonight's topic will be Paris Hilton no
no no we've got no because I saw a preview with Paris Hilton in it how's the
boy. Which I will not see. We've got a call already so we don't have to worry about Paris Hilton
chat. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Hey Sky, Siggy here. Hello Siggy, how are you?
I don't feel asleep. I just woke up. So you fell asleep and you missed the first part of Orange
Lawn's radio? Well, just only, you know, just the first 30 minutes. That's all right. You know about
the best thing that you missed so far? What? Oh, I didn't miss that, really.
I didn't miss that oh sorry I didn't miss that okay well then I guess I guess
you really didn't miss anything that good then hey I'm actually kind of glad
you called in I don't know what you called in to talk about but I got a
question for you anything new on night style any new news going on there cuz
I'm actually excited about I was about to say that actually hooray we're like
minded as of today ooh yeah there's been you know there was a
Tokyo Demo held yesterday in Japan, and this is what they've said so far about, you know, a demo of the night style.
Ooh!
Yeah, there was no revival song information was revealed because, you know, the demo only had 32 songs, and no old songs were revealed.
Interesting, so they're trying to keep things secret then.
Mm-hmm.
Did any word get out about the timing?
Because you remember, when Nightstar came out in the arcades, people bitched about the timing issues in it, so I'm wondering how that's going to affect the home version.
Well, according to people who went there, the timing seems to be fine, though a few people have mentioned that it seems tighter than previous versions.
Whether it was just due to the environment, you know, like the controller, TV positioning, etc., or was an actual timing difference is unknown.
Interesting, yeah, that's true, because if you're playing it at a loud expo, it's probably going to be hard to nail the timing like you usually do.
Um, interesting though. Hey, I'd be okay with that if they were tightening up the timing windows a little bit, but just...
You know how Night Style and the Arcade had this whole different feel to it, probably because of, you know, rumors that they had changed some hardware and things like that.
Um, you know. Interesting. Anything else that's going on with Night Style that you know of?
Um, Random Plus is set to be there.
Uh-huh.
Uh, High Speed Force is there, so if anybody's worried.
Very interesting that we don't know any of the consumer songs yet, considering we're only about, what, two weeks away from release?
We don't really know a whole lot about those consumer tracks, hopefully.
Speaking of consumer tracks, there are five CS exclusive songs that have been released.
Here they are, the genre, and I'll mention the genre, the song, and the artist.
Oh, so these are for Nightstyle?
Yeah.
Oh, cool, okay.
The genre here is Dance Pop, and it's a Usual Days remix by OTA-2.
It's four-star on Light Seven, seven-star on Seven Keys.
And then Ragged Jungle, five p.m. Eternal by Garuvi, featuring No-Chien.
Five-star on Light Seven, Flashing Seven on Seven Keys.
Is that LED in Garuvi, or just Garuvi? Just Garuvi. Interesting, okay.
And then the genre is Discotek, 80s capsule by Megumi Upper Slope.
three star on light seven, four star on seven keys.
Okay. Club Jazz,
Paramnesia by Ushiroda Shinji, four star on light seven,
six star on seven keys. Alright. And then the fifth song,
which, you know, uh, uh, genre is drum and bass, Photogenic
by L.E.D. featuring, uh, Horisawa Michael.
Six star on light seven, seven star on seven keys. Those are the only five songs
that have been
announced so far. So there are two more, which is our...
That's more than I knew about already, so that's cool. So that's good the LED's gonna
have one in there, so I, cause I always like his stuff. Even though it all kinda sounds
similar, I'm excited to see that's gonna be there.
Let me, let me send you this, this link on the website, which is actually a screenshot
of the menu, the menu select interface of 2DX Night Style.
Oh, very cool. So that's you posting in the chatroom there as Darkland XBI, for those
just click on that link. Alright, very cool. Let me, I'm pulling it up here on my end here
on the computer. Ah, okay. Okay. That looks, okay, it pretty much looks like the arcade
did a little bit, a little bit condensed down, but I like that. It's a good look. I always,
I like, I just like 9th Style a whole bunch. So, I, it's gonna, it's gonna be the one that
gets me back into 2DX. And I know I said that about 7th and 8th, and it didn't work, but
9th Style will be the one. It will. Yeah. And just, in case you notice on the picture
that there are clear lamps are in there you know that like the colored markers
like like you go yeah you got this song finished screen good later or not right
on all right anything else oh yeah wait on
nine style cs that for those who have played it quasar was supposed to have
the 10 style video in it oh cool all right right on because you know how
Now Quasar didn't really have, like it had a generic video in that style, but that doesn't really work.
Yeah, it's a generic video from the background.
Oh good, I hope they do give a 10th style video.
I hope that we get a 10th style or a red song in there that crosses over as well. That'd be kind of nice, but I guess we don't know anything yet, huh?
No, so, yeah, they still have the folder sorting, you know, like by folders, like by letter, by the level of the difficulty of the song.
Right.
They have it, or supposedly have it, in there.
Cool. Well, I'm sure the next two weeks will be busy two weeks for Night Style News, so hopefully we'll have more stuff next week and the week after, of course.
Thank you, as always, for the update, Siggy.
Anything else you want to share with the listeners?
Well, nothing much to say.
Alright. Fair enough. Well, thanks for calling in and giving us this update.
Alright.
Have a good one.
Later.
Later.
Alright, let's go. Wow, a bunch of people hammering us trying to get in tonight, so we'll just kind of take the calls as we see them.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Hey, Sky, it's El Mullet.
Hello, my friend.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
How about yourself?
I'm pretty good.
I'm actually kind of glad you called in.
Really?
Yes.
I have a bone to pick with Inside Pulse.
Oh, now what?
I was reading the review of Tekken 5 over there.
Oh, for crying out loud.
Not this.
And the guy was totally dogging on the music.
And I'm like, oh my gosh, Tekken 5 has great music in it,
I think.
But that would be his opinion.
I know, I know it wasn't you, but since, you know, you're the closest thing I have to being
able to yell at Inside Pulse, I'm yelling at you.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well there always is the link to the, the email link to the person who wrote the review.
I'm sure he would like another flame to add to his collection.
I don't want to flame this guy via email.
I'd rather he call in so I can yell at him in person.
No.
That's alright.
supposed to say when you argue about somebody with music. Arguing with people about music
is something I never understood because it's like, this song sucks. No it doesn't. Yes
it does. No it doesn't. I mean, what can you, how can you say, you know, people's perception
of music is totally and purely opinion, really. You know, it sounds good to me, it may not
sound good to you. You know, that's just the way it is.
Yeah, I completely agree with you there, Sky. It's like, but if we don't have arguments
about music, we wouldn't have any song pack discussion.
But one thing we can all agree on is that Forever Sunshine sucks balls.
No, I can't agree with you there.
I cannot agree with you that it sucks balls.
I can tolerate it and enjoy it when I'm in the right mood.
I will take Forever Sunshine on this song pack.
I don't hate it, hate it, want to die like a few songs on Bimani songs that I know of.
Seagurd brainwashed you, that's what there is to it.
No, I decently liked Forever Sunshine Long Before Home, alright.
Well, there was a thought in there, I just figured it out.
You know what song would be great in an Ultramax song pack, now that I think about it?
That needs to be played on every episode of Orange Lounge from here to eternity.
It's gonna be the new inside joke, just wait. It's gonna be the new cake pie.
just just wait anyway so to what do we owe the guy I got you sidetracked there
because I wanted to yell at you but to to what do we owe this call tonight I'm
all it well we owe this call to well song pack discussion okay and it just
very interesting to see everybody's dog and forever sunshine whether you like it
or not mm-hmm everyone's dog in it and it's like oh now this song packs going
to suck because forever Sun shines in it and I'm like okay well a song pack
The song pack doesn't suck if one bad song is in it, because one good song can make a song pack very good, too.
Exactly, and that's what I'm trying to get across. There are people out there who have labeled this song pack as bad thanks to one song.
Worst song pack ever!
Yes, people labeled song pack 3 bad because as soon as they heard Dynamite Rave was going to be on it before it was even released,
Oh no, it's Dynamite Rave! Everyone's played it already! Go away!
that's true and I was one of those people but at the same time there were
things on
song pack 3 that I was looking forward to and to be honest it's not a big
surprise either like you know
way back in the day when USA mix was all there was
dark sakura you remember this how many people would play dynamite rave
at golf land? everyone. exactly exactly
but I'm personally looking forward to this song pack I'm definitely looking
forward to
the new songs jelly kiss most definitely I had
put together a list a long, long, long time ago that I never released to anybody of what
songs I'd like to see on song packs. I put down 19 November, that ended up being on the
mix, and Jelly Kiss was the only one so far that actually made it.
You got a Santa thing going on there? Or Sona? Sona?
I like Sona. Sona's a good group.
I totally just did the white boy pronunciation. Santa? Anyway.
Santa.
That Santa Moleste song, what is that about?
That's pervy.
Well that's pervy, just wait until Jelly Kiss comes out.
I'm just glad that
Ultramix 2 kind of lives on this way through these song packs still coming out.
Although I am a little upset that it took so darn long to start getting these song packs to roll
out regularly because there was that hold up with the whole Canadian thing. I'm glad to see
the song packs coming and keeping you know Ultramix 2 going. Yeah that's fine I
mean it was all Microsoft's fault here and as soon as SP8 came out I'm sure
people were dancing in the streets well if they were well dancing enough to do
so. Yeah you know I was actually playing Ultramix 2 online today it was kind of
interesting I got I was actually playing another Xbox game and I got an invite
over to Ultramix 2 from somebody who is I think she is the number one Ultramix
player, and she's like in the top five of UltraMix 2. And she's really, really good.
So she sent me a challenge thing, because, you know, we have fun when we play on there.
So I actually played against her, and it was cool, we were just going down the list alphabetically.
And it was just, you know, we were just going down the list alphabetically, and there's
so many good songs in UltraMix 2. It's just, ugh. I do love that mix, I wish I'd played
it more. It makes me excited for UltraMix 3. And I know nothing official has been announced
with Ultramix 3, but come on. There's gotta be an Ultramix 3. You know what else, speaking
of Ultramix, I was actually at Best Buy yesterday, and I was looking for a new game to pick up,
and I noticed that DDR Ultramix was in Xbox Platinum Hits now. So you can...
Oh really? Yeah, I saw that the other day. I didn't even realize that. Like, that totally
came out of nowhere. So, has that been that way for a long time? I think it's more recent.
Is it more recent? Well, just so you guys know, Ultramix is only 20 bucks now, because
platinum hit so you can get the platinum hits cover too because the cover looks a
little different when your platinum hits the game so it's kind of neat to see so
yeah so we can now say no matter what you think of the first UltraMix guess
what it was successful enough that's right and UltraMix 2 is probably
destined for the platinum hits soon enough as well so that's pretty much one
can make it then UltraMix 2 should be platinum by the end of the year
absolutely although you know it was interesting I've been um I've been
really into this website lately for video games it's one up calm I don't know
if you guys have heard of this, 1UP.com, because they have a lot of the, it's very fan-oriented
where you can have your own blogger and you can have a club. We actually have an Orange
Lounge Radio Club over on 1UP.com that Rice Princess started, so I'll have to put the
link in the chatroom for that, for those of you guys who haven't seen that yet, the Orange
Lounge Radio Club. There was, they also show how games are ranked, like you know, the ranking
for various games, and I was surprised because I have in every Xbox title that I own, and
And Ultramix 2 is like the lowest ranked one on the list and I was kind of like that's
so sad because it's such a great game.
It's really a gem of a title.
It is but then again you know a place like that when fans come to congregate it's going
to be a lot of the casual fans and of course games like Halo and Gran Turismo and Grand
Theft Auto and Metal Gear they're all going to be in the top rank.
Well exactly if you look at the top 3 right now it's Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, Halo
and The Legend of Zelda, the brand new one, because of that, you know, trailer that came out this week.
The Legend of Zelda shocked me, but, uh, I saw that, though, that was a very good trailer.
Yeah, remember the trailer that came out this week? Oh my God, how many of you guys saw the Zelda trailer this week?
I haven't yet.
I'm gonna show it to you.
I've been too busy.
After the show tonight, I have to show it to you. It is, it will just make you tingle in places you didn't know could tingle.
Ooh!
Two words can describe the, uh, trailer. Holy and, uh, what's the other one? Yeah, crap. Holy crap.
Or other various explicitives that you might be able to pick up.
Oh, of course. Including, uh, the omission of bodily functions that I think I'll just stop there on.
What, Darkseeker?
Explicitives? Don't you mean explicitives?
Yeah, explicitives.
I'm going to add that to the dictionary of Rob.
This is why I'm on internet radio, boys and girls, because, you know, these things...
I can't get into real radio. I can never break into real radio because my
pronunciation probably...
Yes, that was a new song by Britney Spears that was
TOKESIC here on... Put the wrong emphasis on the wrong
syllables, guy. Need to work on that. Oh, well, I'm learning.
Alright, anything else you want to share with us, El Mullet?
Well, if you see a piece of
a little down the line on in the groove on our site
I'll be responsible for that who I can't wait to see that
that's all I'm going to say on it knowing that you wrote it
makes me very excited what it is and in what capacity I'm not liberty to say at
this point
all right all right sounds good
I'll be looking for it. Talk to you later, Sky. Have a good one, Mullet.
You too. Later. Alright, let's go to the next call. Gosh, we're just getting
back-to-back-to-back calls tonight. I'm trying to get everyone in.
Hi, you're on Orange Longs Radio.
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ronma from New York. How you guys doing?
Good, Ronma from New York. How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good. Glad to hear you guys one more time.
Yeah, it's good to have you calling in. What's on your mind tonight?
Not much. I've been telling Dark Sakura for a while. I had a little surprise for her.
Ooh.
I'm posting the links now in the chat room.
Okay. I'm gonna bring them up on the computer over here.
Or do you have them on the... You can get them on your laptop over there, right, Dark Sakura?
Yeah, I'm looking.
Okay, I'm putting him in too because I want to see what it is.
So DJ Aramayas posting this in our chat room over at orangeloungelaungeradio.com, clicking on chat, and...
Oh, is that a picture of you, buddy?
Yeah, and you're...
You're kicking an Ultracade machine!
Yes!
That's awesome!
That is going to go in our...
If you don't mind, we want to put that in our Orange Lounge Radio photo gallery.
Go right ahead!
I think we need to start a photo gallery on orangelaungeradio.com of people kicking Ultracade machines.
I like that idea. We're going to do that, and we'll even set up an email where you can email your picks.
That is awesome.
And you'll be the first one in there, buddy. That's great.
Ain't it fair, you have an Alpine Racer 2. I miss that game.
Well, if you ever come to New York, I'll bring it to the arcade where you can play it.
Sounds good.
Would you have my plane ticket, please?
You know, actually that arcade reminds me of Miggle, kind of, for some reason. I don't know what it is.
Interesting. And there's another, oh! So there's a picture of him kicking the top, and a picture of him kicking the coin slot. Awesome.
That is so nice.
I was trying to go for a, um, a better kick, but manager came by, we just kinda hightailed out of there.
Now, now, everybody out there, before I encourage you to run out there and kick all the Ultra Kade machines in the planet, be careful, okay?
Don't actually damage the machine because you can get in trouble for that.
I don't want to get sued because somebody, you know,
we had recommended that you kick an UltraCade machine.
If you get in trouble for kicking an UltraCade machine,
I will say that I knew nothing about it, and we never told you to do anything.
So don't get in trouble.
There you go, you got the disclaimer up and running.
Alright, sounds good. Anything else you wanted to share with us? That's great though.
One more thing, I went out and bought a Donald J. Trump doll Friday night.
Only in New York. What is this about? What made you decide to get a Donald J. Trump doll?
Well, me and my friends, we went out for dinner, and before we decided to play DDR, there's a big Toys R Us in Times Square.
We went over, walked around, we found some great stuff. There's a picture in my gallery of Toys R Us misspelling Gundam with an H.
Isn't that Toys R Us, the one that was in an episode of The Apprentice as well?
Yeah, I see okay. Okay, so it's a famous Toys R Us. Mm-hmm. All right
basically
We got dragged over to the barbie section. We're walking around one of the guys was like check this out
He picked up the doll. I was like I bought it
There's a picture of me in the gallery worshiping the doll because it was like the best thing in the barbie section
Wait, so they had the Donald Trump doll in the barbie section. Yes. What is that all about? That's very interesting
I don't know.
But it does say, it does have this one interesting quote.
Hope you guys can hear it.
OK.
No, I couldn't hear it.
What was it saying?
I have no choice to tell you, but you're fired.
Beautiful.
And to answer the question in chat room,
that is Laser Park in New York City.
Oh, OK.
Very cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Rama, thank you very much for the pictures.
And I think you've started a new trend here on Orange Lounge.
So we're going to get on that after tonight's show doing
the Ultra-Cade Kicking Gallery.
Oh, I'm here to help any way possible.
Alright, so get your friends to do it and take pictures of them.
I plan on it.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright, cool.
Alright, have a good one buddy, we gotta get some more calls.
Alright, take care, bye.
Later!
Alright, one more call you guys, then we're gonna get into the Orange Lawns Radio Cage Match.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio!
Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku. One New York call to another, what's on your mind buddy?
Well, a couple of things. One, let me see, a tournament I went to this weekend and just basically drama, drama, and damage and drama.
Oh boy, what tournament was this?
It was a local tournament in the Bronx, you know, where I'm from.
Apparently, the locals in the arcade there basically got pissed off at, you know, the people out, you know, the outside players for basically being good at them.
I mean, beating the crap out of them in, you know, the tournament.
And they got so childish that they brought like six or seven people that, you know, they were about to beat the shit out of them.
That's how bad, that's how hostile it was going to get.
Well, you're breaking up a little bit there, buddy, but, but so...
...posting up right now, you'll see the locked thread that, that resulted in this...
So, you're breaking up a little bit, but clarify this for me.
...drama because, you know, they got, they, they, these people...
I think he might be a little bit delayed here. So, so clarify this for me.
Um, some folks beat some other folks up over DDR, is what you're saying.
I think he's delayed.
No, they were about to.
Oh, okay, okay.
Because, you know, these people, the people here...
He's really breaking up there. You're really, really breaking up there, buddy.
...that local particulars there, they take DDR too seriously.
Yeah, I mean, you know what, DDR is nothing to want to even think about beating somebody
up over.
I mean, I would say that serving people over a DDR tournament, that's okay.
You can serve people, but don't beat them up.
Yes, but they take, the thing is that they took it seriously as they compared, they almost
made it, you know, compared it as to like a sporting event where they were just basically,
distracting, embarrassing the other players, and not the regulars there.
So it's kind of like, that's where the drama erupted from.
And you know, the regular good players had to like, you know, show them their plays by
basically showing off in order to show them how it felt like.
You know what, all I have to say...
They basically ignored it, you know, in the past couple of tournaments there.
All I have to say about these folks that want to cause all this drama over DDR, stop giving
the rest of us a bad name, honestly, stop!
Exactly.
As you can see the post from DDR Freak that I gave you, a sketch, you know, who's basically
almost like a household name within the community because, you know, he's one of the best in
the city, if not the state or the east coast.
He was there in attendance yesterday and he pointed out, he basically, he told them politely
that he just, you know, he finds those people rude and, you know, and they basically went
on rampage by insulting his group, his group of people.
They insulted DPD in general, so, you know, it doesn't make sense because he was telling
me this game was going to take a little bit longer than I thought it would be, but I'm
not sure if it's going to take a little bit longer than I thought it would be.
My friend, you're breaking up over there, so I'm going to, Zaku, I know you're still
trying to talk, but we can't understand you because you're breaking up, buddy.
I'm going to have to go ahead and let you go, but we'll talk a little bit more about
this, so keep listening, Zaku.
I appreciate the update on the tournament, okay bud?
Have a good one.
I feel bad that I had to let him go, but he was just breaking up really bad there.
So, I don't know.
Why would you want to do this?
Obviously if you go to a DDR tournament, it is going to be an explicit, by the way, walked
in during that phone call, so he's kind of picked up most of that call, and he's run
a lot of tournaments and has had to deal with some of this drama.
So I know you've got something you want to share on this, but if you go to a DDR tournament,
you should expect that there are going to be people there who are better than you.
So why would you want to beat them up because they're better than you?
Well, the thing is, I understand this is a human nature that people do not want to lose.
Or people are looking out over some other dude's girlfriend or so forth.
It's a lot of nonsense, but I mean, I've been through numerous tournaments myself.
Maybe like 18 tournaments so far total.
And never have I seen anybody fight fiscally in a tournament.
But if this were true, I just tend to tell people that just grow up basically.
They didn't actually do the physical fight, I clarified that, they didn't actually get
into a fight.
Oh, okay.
But, you know, get in there.
Get in there.
I remember.
Because I remember there was one time that I saw a fight over DER.
Oh my gosh!
That was the CCO, like, two years ago in July.
That is so lame.
That is so lame.
What were, what were, and what was, what was the honest reason?
Oh my god, you got one more perfect than me, you bastard!
Oh, cause, well the thing is, at the time I was there, well the person who was playing
like Demon Road got up to max unlimited, then some guy was just, you know, messing around
thinking it would be okay to screw his game up.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
Then, of course, the fight spilled coke over the DDR pads in the group, well now the in
the group pads.
Right.
I set your ass on fire.
I set your ass on fire.
So it's, you can start drama if you want to die.
That'd be cool. I need an excuse to set people on fire, you know.
well said you like the fire I know that all right we're gonna get into the
orange lounge radio cage match now you guys those you guys that didn't get
through on the skype line try again a little later we'll hopefully hope that
open that up again a little bit later after listless as well I'll have to fill
you in on tonight's listless topic as we're gonna do that oh okay all right
and your DS is here yes well I know I forgot totally make sure it's yours
because there's like three of them around here somewhere as explicit three
x's gotcha okay you know you were you're in just under the 30-day rule because
if something's here for 30 days we keep it don't worry about it all right I am
I've p.m. to Loki I know I know it's all good all right we're gonna get into the
orange lounge radio cage match right now what cage match works you've got to be
in our chat room to play www.orange lounge radio.com click on chat and the
way the cage match works we play three songs for you guys last week's winner we
play a clip of that song and then we play two new songs for you guys okay so
we're gonna do that and you guys are gonna vote on your favorite and the
winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani
Music and More program last week in the Orange Lounge Radio cage match Ayumi
Hamasaki was the winner with a system F remix of a song called kind of yeah okay
So that's the song that Dark Sacra picked. Yeah, sounds like gonorrhea, but it's kind of yeah
All right, but it's actually this song is much much better than gonorrhea could ever be so we're gonna get into that
Here it is a clip of song number one. You only get to hear a clip because it was last week's winner
So here it is a clip Ayumi Hamasaki song number one
All right, that was a clip of song number one you can vote for tonight, Ayumi Hamasaki.
Song number two is Loki's pick.
Loki, what did you pick first tonight?
Another song, it's a remix of Xenon. It's Xenon the halogen mix and it's done by T-Drop.
I found it has some like video game mix set or something.
Alright, so here it is, a remix of Xenon as song number two tonight in the cage match. Enjoy!
Oh
Alrighty, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, Beat Drop with Xenon, the halogen
mix.
And now we're going to go around in our really bad impersonation of American Idol and tell
you guys what we thought of that although we're not the ones who get to
choose it's you guys in the chat room dark Sakura it sounded like someone took
me on which is by itself a really good song and dropped it and beat it I didn't
like sampling at all sound like it was good done to a telephone or Gameboy
there were parts of it I thought were okay but honestly I just couldn't get
passage sounding like it was done through like a phonograph speaker
underwater so it gets you to explicit well it's a pretty good song I mean
there's something like dark Sakura said there's some parts I just don't feel
would be necessary which is like I'll give it a six but since it's not a max
remix I give it I get it plus one point the seven angel it was okay I still like
the original better
Loki it was my last-minute pick I had another pick which is also by beat drop
which is a remix of I don't even know what it was there's something from GI
Joe's called mouth and it's really strange but it sounded cool and if he
only made it longer it'd be even off better but um so I don't know it was
just last-minute pick it sounded okay I mean I don't know I like beat drops stuff
so I give it a seven me hated it three oh but I'm gonna give it a bonus point
for not being a max remix as well so it gets a four all right let's get in my
song tonight my song is actually an old ass song but they did like this new
remix of it last year so I'm gonna pick this song because the song was rad and I
kind of like this new remix like it really grew on me I've been listening to
it a lot of my car so and everybody out here knows this song it's a group called
Haddaway and the song is what is love this is what is love reloaded enjoy
what is love
oh baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more
Oh, baby, don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more
What is love?
So I don't know why you're not there I give you my love but you don't care
So what is right and what is wrong Give me a sign, what is love?
Baby
Don't hurt me, no more Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
What is love?
Woah, woah, woah, woah size
Woah, woah, woah, woah size
What is love?
Oh, I don't know what can I do What else can I say, it's up to you
I know what I want, just me and you I can't go on
I want no other, no other lover
This is our life, our time
When we are together, I need you forever
Is it love?
Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Want it love?
Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Yeah, yeah, yeah, what, what, love, love, what is love?
What, what, what, love, love, what is love?
All right, that was song number three in tonight's cage match,
had away with what is love reloaded. Let's see what the folks in the room thought of
that one starting off with Dark Sakura. I'm sorry but even remixed that song still gets
on my nerves just because it was so damn overplayed. Where I would give the original a five that
one was slightly better so I would give it a six and a half. Just cause I heard it way
too much. Explicit. Well I have to go with Dark Sakura. Yeah it's a little overplayed
And this remix, I don't know, it just sounds just the same as the original for some reason.
Like, not really much has been done, just because it has the reloaded sign into it.
Hmm, I'll give it a 6.8.
Uh, 6.8. Come on, give it an extra 0.1 so we can have a 6.9 explicit. What do you say?
I'll give it the 0.1.
And what is this gonna have to do?
It doesn't matter. Alright, Angel.
I liked it, um, you know, because it's 80s and stuff, I don't know.
Kinda had an extra little beat to it, um...
God, this mic is loud, okay!
It needed to be loud, though. We've been doing some sound balancing, so that...
Because we've been getting some mail on the podcast going,
It's... your sound is so messed up, ah!
It's kinda bad when I can hear it from over there.
Hey, no, that's a good thing. I think it's a good thing.
Alright, like I said, 8.
I love the original, however this sucked. A stronger bass drum and a stronger synth line is not a remix, it's just crap. It's the same damn song all over again.
I love the original and they fucked it up. They went and made it into a hardhouse track and it's not supposed to be.
It lost everything that I liked about the original and just sounds like a really shitty cover of it. So it gets a four
You know what I kind of like it because that song's been kind of gone for a little while now that night at the Roxbury
Is not starting out live anymore
You know, so I kind of think it was time for that song to come back
And what I really like about that remix is that it's under three minutes
So whilst the beat in the background is a little repetitive the song knows when to quit so I kind of like that
that so I like that song so I will give it an eight all right but however
remember it is not up to us it's up to you guys you guys get the final say so
here it is a reminder of the three songs you get to vote for tonight song number
one a yumi hanasaki kind of the yeah
And song number two you can vote for tonight, Beat Drop with a Xenon remix.
And song number three you can vote for tonight,
Hataway, What is Love, Reloaded.
All right, place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room
with your vote for song number one,
song number two, or song number three.
We'll tally them up over the next break
and let you guys know the winner very soon.
What I've been plugging a little bit tonight, I'm going to post it one more time in the
chat room for those of you guys that haven't had a chance to look at it yet, I'm posting
a link to our LiveJournal community and it's actually a post in that LiveJournal community
and you do not have to be a member of the community to read it, you don't even have
to be a LiveJournal member, just go ahead and click on that link because what is in
that is instructions on how to vote for us in the Best of Live 365 competition that's
going on right now, how to get us nominated. And I know what some of you guys are thinking.
Why does Orange Alliance Radio want to get nominated for one of those silly award shows?
Well, because we like attention, duh. I mean, is there, I mean, Dark Sakura, can you disagree
with me there? Attention's great.
We are whores for attention.
Yeah, absolutely.
We will totally just make utter sluts of ourselves for attention.
Where is the link right there for the podcast alley vote thing?
Oh yes, we'll post that as well. I'll post that a little later. I want people to do this
first but we'll do the podcast alley thing later because we're trying to get
our podcast voted up too and we rely on you guys the OL Army to help us get the
attention we so deserve and in turn we continue to do this train wreck of a
show for you guys no we do appreciate the help you guys we love it actually a
big thing is that we just we want to go back to the award show this year we just
kind of want to I think really in doing this because you have to remember there
there is all sorts of stations on Live 365. There's what, like 60,000? It's incredible,
the amount of stations that are on Live 365. And for a DDR talk video game music station
to get nominated, that's really cool. And I think it shows that there is an audience
for this type of video game programming, where we're not talking about Madden, we're talking
about Halo all the time. You know, we're talking about other video games. And you're gonna
kind of notice that as, you know, the year goes on and Orange Lounge kind of slowly
does this shift from just being a Bamani to Bamani and more. We just kind of want
to show that there is a demand out there for this kind of niche. Speaking of
strictly, if you want to talk a strictly Bamani based radio station, our buddies
over at DDR Freak, we're trying to help them out get a nomination as well.
They've been really good to us this year, especially with the whole syndication
everything, so we'd like to see them get a nod as well. So that is all detailed
for you guys in the LiveJournal post. Also, our grandfather's station, Understation Live,
we're trying to get them a nod as well. Without Understation Live, we would not be here. I
do not think so. All of that. So I hope you guys will consider taking a second. It's free.
You guys already have to have a Live365 account to listen to this show, so you've already
got everything you need. So check that out. Those of you guys that are too shy to join
our chat room, just go to our LiveJournal community. It's www.livejournal.com slash
community slash orange lounge and there's a link right there on orange
lounge.com that says community and it's like what the fourth post down just
scroll down till you see the best of life 365 post and we appreciate your
support um okay so that's that let's talk about a little bit of sim scene
news and usually this is kind of bit a joke lately what with all the sites
being down but I know Loki I know there's big news you're very excited
about this week so you got to tell us about this in the sim scene update I
I guess. Um, anyways, um, just like a lot of fan stuff out there that's being worked on, most of the stuff, of course, you'll always find is in Japan.
And you really need to, like, watch the Japanese sites, because that's where all the stuff's happening nowadays, since all the American stuff's down.
And, of course, the one site whenever we're talking about Japanese stepmania, the one thing you have to bring up is Food Mix.
And, yes, it was announced this week that Food Mix 2 Advanced Edition will be coming out.
When? That's a good question, I don't know. But they have a few screenshots up on their site, there's a link on our front page to it, and go check it out. It looks good as ever, and I can't wait. Tons of new stuff. You know they're gonna have stuff from Diverse Systems. It's always a great package once it's put together.
Some other things that I might point out in our forums in the Orange Launch Radio, I do
have a link to, um, there's a theme called Pop Candy. The website that had it up originally
went down, luckily I downloaded it a long ass time ago, so I hosted it for you guys.
You can go download that on OrangeLaunchRadio.com, just check in the forums, you'll find it.
And other than that, um, there was the Siberia theme, 2.1 got released, and for those who
don't know what that is that's the step mania theme that looks sort of like the
techno fiend it's the Japanese one it does look very good and I've actually
switched this to my default theme I like it a lot and so definitely check that
out as well other than that really there's a whole thread on the money
style of basically it's the fan mix watch thread and they've got a whole
bunch of different ones you can go check out on there. Most of them, of course,
aren't not done, but you can still download some of the songs, and they're
pretty good. So check those out. And as well, they also have, um, there's a Megamix
from the Food Mix soundtrack, because it's on their website, and it's password
locked, and of course someone brute-force hacked that, and so they have the
password for that as well. So you can go listen to that Megamix and check that
out so that's pretty much everything all right sounds good I'm I liked food mix a
whole heck of a lot so I'm really excited about food mix to that sounds
like you get a good addition so you know it's kind of neat because when you hear
all this news about you know in the groove and neon FM and was that on dance
tracks or whatever and all these kind of DDR knockoffs that are because spawning
from the sim scene and you know what it and I realized in the groove is getting
a lot of credit now but let's face it it started as a simc knockoff game because
it is step mania basically in a box it's very interesting to see that food mix is
which I believe to be the king of all this stuff is not an arcade thing
it's interesting yeah if it were ever to make it to the arcade scene if they
actually were to do something similar what they're doing here within the
groove over in Japan with food mix I think you'll wipe the floor with in the
group it would simply just topple it it's just better songs better everything
better graphics it's just so much so better you know done then in the groove
it's not even funny it's just you can't even compare them definitely check it
out. If you haven't already downloaded FoodMix 1 and FoodMix Plus, I think you can still
do that. Definitely download those. It's a huge download, so if you're on dial-up, probably
not going to be able to play that, but if you're not, check it out if you haven't already.
I think in our next break, maybe if we can round up some songs, we'll do some FoodMix
music and maybe some other stuff too. I actually, we haven't played any In The Groove songs
in a while, so I think there's actually a couple songs that are worth playing. I know,
Jamie's frowning of disapproval. My poor ears. I know. There are some songs I like in In
the Groove, so I'm going to play one of those. Alright, let's hear about the winner of tonight's
cage match, shall we? Why not? Why not? Alright, so you guys voted and there was a pretty clear
winner tonight. I've got to say I was kind of surprised by it. There's a brand new winner
tonight and it's had a way what is love reloaded you know what I think they're
just nostalgia whores kind of like I am because I think when that when that song
started playing a lot of them were like I remember this song ever that I guess
the scene from was it at night of the rock yeah neither Roxbury is I think I
think I don't know I think that you know that's not you heard it a lot apparently
And that song was pretty damn horrid when that movie was out, but it's been a while. I think most people have forgot it.
There's a station in Mobile, I'll go ahead and name it as WABB, who when that song came out, it literally played once every 30 minutes.
I kid you not.
Wow, I would totally listen to a station that played that kind of stuff. That's awesome.
Well, they've also played a bunch of crap, because at the time I think it was like the tail end of Color Me Bad, remember them?
Oh, unfortunately I do.
I mean, they really overplayed all the stuff that was really, you know, popular at the time, and it just drove me crazy.
So it's just the fact that the song exists.
But you know, every so often I'll catch it, and I'll kinda go, oh, I remember this.
So I remember that song.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
I'll stop.
Alright, let's see. So we got that. I know what else I wanted to say. I wanted to kind of give a shout out to one of our buddies. You know her as RicePrincess from Thursday Nights Outside the Box. She goes by a ton of other names though. Mojiko, Irene. She's a woman of many different names out there, but you guys know, I'm sure you guys are familiar with her.
And I don't usually talk about big commercial gaming sites, but there's one in particular that I've grown quite fond of lately, and that's 1up.com. I actually really like them quite a bit. I would endorse them. They're a great site.
We even have our own club over there. I will post the URL to that club in a little bit. I think it's, what, like Orangelandsradioclub or something like that.
.1up.com. Well, there's a dash in there. Here, I got the link. I'll just post that for you guys in the chat room if you want to join the Orangelandsradioclub.1up.com.
Anyway, back to Rice Princess. Not only did she start that club on our behalf over there,
but she was actually named Blog of the Day. And I don't know if that was today or yesterday,
but her 1UP.com blog was named Blog of the Day because she made this really big post
about the Dear Friends concert that she went to Monday night in San Francisco, and somebody
noticed and shared a little love. So we just want to say congratulations to our buddy Rice
princess on being to blog of the day do you know me I am so famous all right
all right I guess on that note we're gonna go so we have the cage match
winner we got that okay I guess we're gonna do a break when we come back from
this break it will finally get to that list list we talked about and the F use
of the week we still got that as well some ask orange lounge if we have time
and this break some food mix and whatever else I can dig up we'll be
back after this started off with a little bit of evergreen from food mix
We'll be back after this.
Feel the tension in my head
He's the green operator
Pitting time on the battery up in the light
We'll see what they can do,
Feel you.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
opened
with
the
hmm
end
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hi guys, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed that set of mix there
from some various sim file scene. I don't know how to kind of loop all that together,
but what can you do? Beat Drop, er, not Beat Drop, what the hell, that was the song from
the Cage Match. Starting this off was Evergreen from Food Mix, then Zodiac from In the Groove,
Mirrorball, and P8107 after that, both from Food Mix as well. Loki is obsessed with this
new show called Robot Chicken, which I actually watched last Sunday, actually I've been watching
it every week because I think it's pretty damn funny too, but last Sunday was especially
funny because they made fun of Mario Kart. Well, not really made fun, but they totally
paid homage to Mario Kart. I'll let Loki explain. It was awesome.
Okay, basically, Robot Chicken, for those who don't know, it's this 15-minute long show
that's on Cartoon Network, Sundays at 1130, and I think they also have it repeating throughout
the entire week. Yeah, it repeats at, well, I don't know if anyone's gonna be awake, but
Monday at 2.30 a.m., Fridays at midnight and 3 a.m., and so you can check them out then.
Their last night's, basically, anyway, so 15 minute show, it's all stop animation with
toys and claymation. It's hilarious. Like, for example, week one, we had, they did a
parody of like the was it the Rachel Lee Cook's public service announcement you
know where this is your brain on drugs you know but it doesn't stop there you
know this is your family and she's hitting stuff with you know a frying pan
it's hilarious I actually say right now although it is 1130 right now on the
East Coast that doesn't give you permission to stop listening to us and
go watch this you can download it on bit torrent later and also they replay it I
a ton so get that but for you West Coast folks you'll be able to listen to it
Anyways, um, but yeah. Week one, the most memorable thing was Optimus Prime and the prostate cancer awareness video, and that was hilarious. Oh my God. Hilarious.
Um, then last week, um, they did a parody of Cannonball Run, you know, for those who don't remember, Cannonball Run was the Burt Reynolds movie, um, based on the actual Cannonball races, uh, where you race across the country and it's like a no-holds-barred thing,
thing and they have like all the weird teams of people and stuff so they have
like all these new icons from like the 80s and stuff they had they had Vin
Diesel supposedly as a character they had the ecto one speed racer Batman and
Robin the guys from chips and just a bunch of other weird people and Mario
and Luigi and Wario from Mario Kart and there's one scene in there where they're
actually in the race and they're all, I think it's time we use the blue tortoise shell!
And so they use the blue tortoise shell and it hits the guys from, what is it, it just
knocks one of the cars off the road and it was hilarious. You just honestly, I cannot
describe it well enough, you really need to go watch the show tonight to give you a brief
preview of what's going to be on. This episode's called The Deep End, it says find out what
8. What happens when seven superheroes are forced to live under one roof in the real world metropol-
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wasn't this called Drawn Together?
Okay, yes, maybe, but this will be better.
And then catch Adam James, er, James T. Kirk, Khan, and Noonien Shing or something, and Kirk Cameron sing, Noonien sing, and Kirk Cameron at work in a pizza joint, and two Kirks, a Khan, and a pizza place.
And someone's on a mission to track down Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny and kill Bunny.
And lastly, go backstage for America's favorite undead reality show, Zombie Idol.
So, and what's great about this show is they actually have a lot of the celebrities doing their own voices and stuff, and it, lots of work.
I mean, for example, last week, Luigi, voiced by Matthew Lillard.
Great stuff. Awesome. But really, watch the show. If you can't watch it, it's on torrentbox.com.
Actually, we have some folks in the chatroom saying, I'm TiVo-ing it right now!
And then I'm looking at our live listener stats, too, as this is going on. I know it's four people dropped while we were talking about Robot Chicken.
So, damn you! I told you not to leave to go watch it! Damn you!
Stop being cheap, buy a TiVo. I don't care if this show gets weak in its last hour.
Alright. Speaking of that weak program you've come to know and love here at Orange
Launch Radio, it's time to do tonight's
listless segment! Yay!
So you know we need some theme music.
Alright.
Tonight's list list everybody is going to be, the topic is, slash commands I would like
to see in an MMORPG, and of course this topic being spawned by the recent news about slash
pizza being added into Pizza Hut, or I'm sorry, being added.
The newest MMORPG, Pizza Hut, where you play as a delivery person.
You have to avoid obstacles, such as dogs chasing you and throwing pizzas into, oh wait, that's Paperboy.
Alright, smartass.
Don't you know it? My ass is this smart. Imagine how smart my brain is.
is
explicit are working as one team tonight they're one mind or no not any more oh
they are two separate entities now they have they have I know that's very that
does sound kind of wrong all right but really funny all right let's find this
all right I'm gonna kill the background music we'll bring you back later
remember you guys get to vote you guys get to vote on the top three we're only
creating the list so what's gonna happen is we're each gonna read off our top
three and then the fun part each one of us gets to take one off of the list and
then you guys in the chat room you get to vote on your favorite and as you guys
are suggesting these slash commands don't forget you have to put a dot or
something in front of it because if you actually try to type the slash command
IRC will think you are actually trying to do a slash command and slash pizza
doesn't work in MRC I hate to see so oh we've got a lot of funny ones going on
in the chat room right now. Let's see what happens. Let's see if we get any matches.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off with your number 3 pick for Slash command you'd
like to see in an MMORPG.
My first one is Slash Window.
And what does Slash Window do?
It opens up like a little PIP window, where you can like, you know, like if you, instead
of, cause you know, obviously they're not going to actually window Final Fantasy XI
without using something that they consider illegal. You know, you should be able to
access like the play online site as a window in window wait a minute you've
actually come up with a practical good idea but it's not funny I'm just it
doesn't have to be funny but I was I was really annoyed because usually what I
have to set up my laptop to use a fake use to play I just love in our chat room
right now you guys seriously if you haven't looked at what the chair all
your face I like slash girls but Sega Dreamcast all right even though I would
put I would have this would have been like my number four would have been like
slash PSO mode uh-huh run around from room to room okay let's see let's go on
explicit your number three please wait wait do you have a microphone over there
everybody? Yeah, so our listeners in here. Uh, slash yo mama. Slash yo mama, and what
does slash yo mama do? You know, they all saying, ooh I fucked yo mom and stuff. So
slash yo mama would actually fuck your mama? Yeah. Ouch, I feel sorry for yo mama. Angel,
You're number three.
Slash silly string.
Slash silly string.
And what would slash silly string do?
Enable you with the silly string can so you can, like, have a silly string fight with the rest of your party.
Oh my. Let's get messy!
Alright, Loki, you're number three.
slash Nicole Brown Simpson and I think we know this this would um yeah this
would link you to the find the real killers website out there um yeah
because they're out there and loose and og Simpson is searching for them in
every golf course Wow Wow Wow Wow my number three needs a little bit of
explaining my number three choice is slash ab shock now I don't know if
you've ever seen those infomercials for the things that you can actually like
strap on your abs that are gonna give you a good abs in six weeks when I pulled
my butt muscle so when you type slash abs shock it'll just you know give you
that little pinch right in your abs so that you can work out while you play an
MMORPG because you know everybody that plays an MMO is fat right of course yeah
right no not really all right anorexic from having the lack of slash pizza all
Alright, let's see, DarkSakurai, you're number two.
Let me pull up the file again.
I love my laptop.
Slash Sim.
What that does is it creates a simulacrum of yourself to go to your job.
Like the Calvin clone machine.
Wow. Someday, I hope. Wow, very nice.
Slash Sim.
explicit slash pubic hairs um is this for all the 12 and 13 year olds to play
MMOs or what anybody I hope that one day what did the hell is this slash command
supposed to do all right all right what this uh what this code does as well you
know how people like fantasize about if it's clean if it's basically a new code
without the pubic hair I see okay but some do speaking which house I wonder
How did your 40 days without a boner thing go, speaking of which?
Oh, by the way, I'm surviving. I got a few more days.
Wow.
Meaning I've not got a morning boner, or I see any attractive tits, or porno, or strip club.
You'll never get a boner again.
Oh, God. Don't even think about it.
All right.
Anyways, I'll explain that later.
Angel, Angel, your number two pick.
Sorry, you need a mic, don't you?
Bitch slap. Now, would slash bitch slap, bitch slap you or the other player?
Um, like, let's say you have somebody in your party that you don't like or isn't doing their job yet, right?
Just do slash bitch slap. Alright, sounds good.
Um, Loki, you're number two.
I think the only appropriate thing that we're actually missing from
an MMORPG is slash dingo
because you know when someone really pisses you off online you really wish a
dingo would go eat their baby
and so now you can have that thanks to our brand new dingo technology
dingos can and will eat your babies
my number two pick is
slash Fred Durst porn video and the reason for this is because when you guys
are feeling a little bit inadequate because you're staying in the house all
day and playing MMORPGs you can type slash Fred Durst porn video and you
could see that you can have it off a lot worse and you'll feel better about
yourself all right so slash Fred Durst porn video um I typed slash Fred all
right Jamie you're number one my number one is slash ID BFG anyone ever play
Doom? Imagine going around Final Fantasy 11 with the BFG. Okay. Imagine gunning
down anything that gets in your way with extreme prejudice. Very nice. I could just
imagine right now, battering around, fuck you! Button. All right, sounds good, so
IDBFG, just like the Doom days. Alright, explicit, you're number one.
Go ahead, hmm. Slash TAC.
Ahh, or it's TACO. We actually got corrected months ago.
Yeah, TACO.
So this would actually, like TACO, so this would actually play a TACO song.
Yeah, some TACO songs.
You know where there's some of them in my room.
That's a damn good application for the slashing man. Alright, good job. Angel, you're number one.
Wait, it's upside down to...
Slash engulf.
Ah, that made you giggle.
And what, pray tell, does that do? Does it engulf your opponent in flames?
Either your opponent or somebody in your party you don't like.
So, engulf is the number one. Alright.
Loki, you're number one.
I figured this is the most needed thing in the world.
slash real girl. Because some of those people, they need to realize they need to find a real
girl and not masturbate to fictional women. So slash real girl, yes, that's what's needed.
Alright, and my number one is slash give me a dollar.
Oh, very cool.
And when you type it, it will give you a dollar, but you can't overuse it.
All right.
So here it is.
Here is the list as it stands currently.
Slash window slash yo mama slash silly string slash Nicole Brown Simpson slash ab shock
slash sim slash pubic hairs slash bitch slap slash dingo slash Fred Durst porn video slash
idbfg slash taku slash engulf slash real girl slash give me a dollar.
aside so that Jamie can take one of these off of the list slash silly string
and I hate silly string slash silly string silly string to my car once it is
a bitch to clean up all right except it was raining they were being really
stupid so I just wiped it off with a napkin all right um explicit your number
or I'm sorry not your number one one that you wish to take off this list
tough choice hmm slash them sorry it does kind of sound like the Sims
although I guess that's kind of the idea behind it but we wouldn't want people to
get confused because Americans do get a little too easily confused all right
angel one of these has got to go you're gonna kill me porn video that was the
best one on there she always takes off the best one all right slash slash Fred
I'm going to eliminate slash pubic hairs because I didn't really get it. So, sorry, explicit.
All right, Loki, you're going to pick the last one that's come off this list.
I'm going to have to say slash window because it's just not funny and we need funny.
know heaven forbid someone come up with a good idea during listless heaven
forbid we can't have that all right here it is the list that you guys will get to
vote for all right slash yo mama slash Nicole Brown Simpson slash ab shock
slash bitch slap slash dingo slash IDBFG slash tacos slash engulf slash real
girl slash give me a dollar all right so pick your favorite from that list and
send me a private message with your vote I think darkneck it's a cookie all army
yeah let's talk about some of that we have a wow a lot of you guys are
participating in this my gosh we've just got pages and pages of recommended slash
so here are some honorable mentions I'm reading in the chat room slash pee in
your butt slash fatality slash tub girl slash summon Martha Stewart slash olr
slash penis enlargement slash forever sunshine
slash Enzite
slash cash for game money
slash pedo bear seal of approval
slash I am not your game boy
slash Pokemon Red slash seizure
Um, slash bathroom, where was, there was one I really, oh slash Jesus Juice.
That was my favorite, I think, out of the chatroom was slash Jesus Juice.
Who knew that Zaku could say something funny?
Who knew?
But that was, I think, my favorite out of the chatroom suggestors one was slash Jesus
Juice.
Um, lots of good ones there in the chatroom you guys.
Good job.
So send us your votes now to Skye in the chat room. That's great, you guys.
All right, in the meantime, while we're tallying up the votes, we'll give you guys a couple minutes to send those votes in.
We'll do a quick, quick break, and then we're going to come back with the FUs of the week.
So in this break, Moonlight Shadow, because that song rocks, and we haven't heard it in a while.
is, and we'll be back after this.
Far away on the other side
She was caught in the middle of the desert fire
And she couldn't find how to push through
She sang for in the evening
Carried away by a moonlight shed
And sang a song when breathing
Carried away by a moonlight shed
And though she saw what's been and when it's gone
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by a man on the run
And she couldn't find how to push through
I said, I said, I prayed
I need you in heaven one day
Going in the morning
Carried away by a moonlight
Checked and watched your vision burning
Carrying away by the moonlight
Shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat, shat
Life is a game
Jump on the ride
Turn on your flame
And let's play tonight
Don't you try to run
Don't you try to hide
Life is a game, let's play tonight
Life is a dream, don't want to lie, turn on your pain
Let's play tonight
Don't you try to run
Don't you try to hide
Life is a game
Let's play tonight
Cupcake, Cupcake, Cupcake, Cupcake, Cupcake, Cupcake
Hurm dee hee dee hurm dee dee
Orange Lounge Radio, hurm dee hee dee hurm dee
We dee bing pong balls
That's one of my favorite promos because it's the only one you can hear Jamie clucking
like a chicken.
That's my favorite.
Okay, let's hear who won tonight's list list, shall we?
Alright, slash command you would most like to see in an MMORPG.
Number three, slash Nicole Brown Simpson.
I don't know what the hell you guys are thinking there.
I can see why it's third.
It's been to before.
All right, in second place, slash IDBFG is score one
for the old schoolers.
All right.
And in first place, slash give me a dollar.
All right.
There you go.
So there it is.
And so it is said, so it is done.
So write those EverQuest 2 folks and tell them you would
like to see slash give me a dollar or at least slash Nicole you guys are fucked
all right I know you guys have lots of more slash ideas to post in our chat
room but maybe you want to keep it down a little bit and let the folks talk
about the show at hand and what's coming up next the F use of the week that's
right it's time to get a little bit angry Jamie why do we have to get a
little bit angry every single week. Grr. Argh.
You know, F.D.A. to people who drive while they talk on their cell phones.
I witnessed an accident nearly happen today because
both drivers were on their damn cell phone. Just fuck them.
Sorry, Rob. Well, I don't think other people should be on their cell phones, just me.
So that wouldn't have happened. No. Well, you know the law is going to pass this year, so I'm looking forward to that.
Um, there's also, uh,
shoot, I was thinking about this earlier today,
and I completely forgot what it was.
Oh yeah, F you to people, and this is more of a situational F you, but when people complain
about how much their life sucks yet they don't do anything about it, fuck that.
You don't have a right to complain until you are actively working to remedy your situation.
know you can say oh well I'm tired of being fat or something like that well
you could get up and go to the gym you can eat less you know you there's
something you can do about that you know oh I tired of living where I do well
then if you can't do it right now save up your money work toward a goal and
move you know or you know it's just even if you can't do something about it now
at least make a semblance of working for it because it just seems like like
there's no drive you know I don't understand that I also have a big SU to
people who complain about not having money yet continue to frivolously spend
on shit they don't need you know I've had to I've had to break myself of this
habit too but I recognize that I don't have the you know that I don't have
money because I spent it on this this this and this well now I can actually
say I don't have the money to spend on it because I'm saving up to buy a house
which is true I'm gonna be buying a house this year but it's also it's just
again I don't understand the whole mentality of how people can bitch about
something yet not do anything to remedy it you know what I mean I also big SU'd
to the car wash line at Chevron today there were seven people in the damn line
and the line wasn't moving so I'm gonna have to go back after the show at night
and get my car washed where the water will not evaporate as quickly big SU'd
not having an air conditioner but hey I'm going to have my air conditioning
replaced next week. I'm doing something about it. That's been my big thing, is people who
just don't do anything to fix their situation. So, I'm done.
Alright, Loki's turn!
First off, I'd like to say a big fuck you to Allergies, because they've been kicking
my ass all week I'm just now starting to feel a little bit better but I don't
think that's gonna last very long because it's allergy season and I'm
affected by both mold and pollen so I'm fucked all year round pretty much like
what I am at work anyway fuck you to work for being a little boring I tried
making a catapult out of my pen last week and I got a little bit of ink on
My finger because I guess pens don't like to be turned into catapults. Oh well so much for that and
then
Also, fuck you the fact that I need like I have this urge for projects even though I haven't finished other projects, and I really
It's hard. It's like crack. I can't stop
I just got a build crap, and I don't know why it's like I don't even use what I build
It's I don't get it, but um
Um, yeah, it's just some weird obsession that I have, so I just can't stop.
And um, fuck you to Lindsay Lohan for acting, because you suck, and I don't really need
you to, you know, why does Disney have to fucking remake every movie that they've made?
Because you know what, all the remakes suck.
So fuck those.
Fuck, you know, it's not a mask because that sucked, and it's still being made, and I got
damn screener for it and it's dirty no or actually i didn't get a screener for it but
fuck i got tickets to it and i never went and saw it so it was good um and then finally fuck you the
family that's suing michael jackson because i believe that they're just seeing him as an easy
target to try to get money and if you actually follow the testimony there's a lot of um
discrepancies, let's put it that way, in their testimony, and I hope they get sued. Oh, and
another thing, I'm not sure if anyone heard about it, there was actually a news report
a while back of this guy that sued, I believe it's ABC or whoever the fuck puts out that
goddamn show, Fear Factor, he basically got sick and dizzy and fell into a door well from
watching this show and this is suing them and there was justice being done
and the judge said fuck you this is a frivolous lawsuit and threw it right
back at him and didn't award him any money so at least there's some justice
in this world and I'm done
and F you to E online for I'm sorry not E online but E entertainment television
for having those really addicting Michael Jackson trial wrap-up shows, where they actually
reenact what's going on in the courtroom, because that shit is hilarious. The guy that
they have play Michael Jackson is very eerie, like, identical, it's crazy. Except they drew
on his nose, I'm not kidding you, it's horrible, it's like his nose is drawn on. It's disgusting.
Um, and F you to house hunting, because it's a pain in the ass, and I've been kind of looking
for like a new place where the new Orange Lounge Studio will be and we found five places
on the internet we liked, we drove by and only liked two of them when we drove by them
and one of them is in the ghetto so it's kind of a question mark although it sucks because
that was by far my favorite house it was such a cute little house and a little gate and
everything like I really want it and it's affordable but it's in the ghetto I'm like
but I kind of want it I'm like I could get a guard dog Orange Lounge Radio coming to
you live from the ghetto yes that's right we're coming to you from South
Sac no it's all right we'll figure something out I'll figure something out
I always do so but a house hunting sucks so if you do that and if you do just
moving in general because moving sucks because can you imagine having to like
clean this apartment is gonna suck it's gonna be horrible but you know what the
place I lived in in Chico was worse and I made it somehow so I'll get through
this all right let's get to our guest FUs starting it off with oh the marathon
man himself explicit all right let's see I'd like to give an FV to work for
letting me stay in the Sun for having me stay in the Sun without getting me a
break at work Jesus yeah that yesterday was extremely hot and someone who was
I was supposed to be giving breaks because I was working 10 o'clock in the morning till like 6 at night.
Did not give me a break and everybody else got a break.
Well guess what, I almost got a heat stroke and almost fainted.
And F goes to a lot of depression towards this and pressure family-wise.
Of course some of you know that my dad passed away like 2 years ago.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah, and it's been tough, but some people are pushing me to a point where they don't
even understand what I'm going through.
They think it's, oh, so what?
I'm like, okay, a person died two years ago, and you gotta talk trash behind his back?
That really hurts, especially when I caught somebody in the cemetery trying to steal flowers.
What?
Yes.
Oh, man.
I love my woman, but this is the only way I can...
Yeah.
There's other ways to show your affection, other than stolen flowers.
Perhaps he was bringing flowers to his newly found corpse that he was going to have sex with.
It's like I give a damn.
Anyway.
You steal flowers in the cemetery, then...
That's hella simple.
Another F.V. goes to AlmostBreakingLent.
Did you get a semi-wood or something?
Came close, but no wood.
Let's see, a friend of mine
tested my ability to watch three hours of porn non-stop.
I'm like, I'm gonna kill you, but then again,
if I win this bet, I actually would get like a hundred bucks off of this.
How are they gonna know if you got a boner or not?
Well...
determine on the fact that this
that could be a lie
yeah you know what uh...
yeah i was uh...
hardcore heroin addict and i quit
uh...
i want a hundred dollars
if you guys know i'm a virgin
uh... did not know about that
exactly
Alright, anyway, sorry Xplosive.
Okay, how much time do we have? Okay.
I don't want to take too long, I don't want to have to-
Three seconds!
Three.
Okay, an F.U. goes to taxes, someone got one of the numbers wrong that's needed to file taxes,
and guess what, they come up to me and give me a mail saying that's the wrong number.
If I don't get the correct number, then I could've been arrested or fined a shitload of money.
I'm like, what the hell, why is this the wrong number?
Either the person who was coding up the, or counting the attacks, is either lazy or just being a dick.
If he goes to almost being sandwiched by three cars, both two of them an SUV and one a truck behind me.
You know what happens, like Dark Sakura said about people with the cell phones, yes I've actually seen that,
but this time they didn't even signal while heading to the same lane, which I almost got squashed.
Well, people need to learn how to drive, but to make sure this is short to be continued.
Alright, Angel.
As usual.
Okay, to follow up on explicit FUs. FU to death because sometimes you lose people that, you know, really shouldn't have been taken away from you as far as, you know, age or what have you.
and if you do the grieving process as well because it's not easy it's really
not and yeah so I guess is it maybe a few to final history all right let's get
to the chat room F use legend of Zaku says F you to the regulars in the arcade
and the tourney I went to this weekend for acting like little bitches because
other players were better than you and for having the gall to be be to begging
people to fight them fu to having to pay $11 for a cab to leave the campus all
because of a damn bus straight up here in Westchester County in the subs of New
York over petty shit that's not even worth the writer who heavily depends on
it change Oh change being to bring sorry MPQ says f you to seven star songs to
beat mania three for kicking my ass f you to disconnected expert for kicking
my ass. F you to Moonlight Shadow Double for kicking my ass. And F you to myself for
missing last week's show. Don't forget you can always catch that on DDR Freaks Rewinds
Friday nights. Asian buddy Paul says F you to my school for sitting me in a dark auditorium
and showing me a presentation on drunk drivers, mangled bodies, zombie-like people, it was
horrible. F you to drunk drivers for filling up an hour and 30 minutes worth of tragedy
and gore in school. Sounds like red asphalt to me. They made us all watch that shit.
night a big fu to people that never come to work on time and relieve you for the day allusion says
fu to douchebags there was this guy behind me kicking a bottle a faux gangster told me to kick
the bottle too which i did playing along and he said yeah you a gangsta in all seriousness guess
what buddy you ain't a gangsta you live in the suburbs you have a two-story house in the car
that your mommy and daddy bought you you spoiled ass fu for rap fu to rap for making the word ghetto
used at least 30 times a day by every and then it says blank something I don't
know an F you to the word ignorant and being used by people that are ignorant
to the meaning of the word ignorant the irony miklotov says first f you goes to
Sony for getting me all hyped up about the PSP they're just lucky they have
lumens lumines sorry second f you goes to getting the PSP in at the store
supposedly early this coming week and not being able to take it home despite
having it fully paid. And lastly, F.U. to having to put a code in for Monkey Fingers
on Pumpic Seed. That song is too cool for a code. Lemon Lime Jumps says F.U. at non-native
palm trees up and down McGregor Boulevard. They hurt the native plants, create terrible
blind spots, and they're ugly! SSJ100Matt says F.U. to the skater kid trying to start
a fight with me for being a noob at Beatmania and thinking I wasn't letting him play before
more golf line clothes. F you to my double date cancelling. Also F you to Hootie selling
out to do Burger King commercials. Sephiroth1215 says F you to annoying ex-girlfriends. That's
all I have to say. DJ Rama S says an F you to life. My friend's grandmother passed away
and she's really upset. Life sucks. Life sucks like that. Dark Tetsuya says F you to coke
with lime. It's addicting. And Dork says F you to school because I don't know. I'm an
attention whore. That's a good note to end on, is the attention whore note there.
I forgot one. Oh yes, Angel. F you to not one, but two deaths in one weekend.
Aww. So, yeah, that's all that has to be said. Unless you want me to do a short, but sweet explanation of that.
Um, I will leave it up to you. I don't want you to have to get into it if you don't want to.
Well, you know, that one friend that I talked about at the beginning of the show passing away.
And then we had a staff meeting for our show radio cough
You know, right and
Right before the meeting ended
He the manager got really really quiet and he's like, uh, I just got a phone call
Everybody goes what's wrong?
My friend just got stabbed and he passed away. That's too bad. So
So, yeah. That was just craptacular. Anyway, I'll shut up now and give you back the show.
That's alright, that's alright. Um, okay, so, on a completely different note, and when
I say completely, I mean completely different note, uh, Loki is looking up images on, I
guess it's Bamani-style's image boards, and he's pulled up popin' porn? What the hell
is this?
No!
It's back in their not-work-safe section, I just figured I'd take a look and see what's in there, and they've got a lot of not-work-safe stuff in there, and I don't know who the fuck draws this shit, honestly, but apparently there's a lot of it out there, and they've got some really, like, graphic pictures.
like for example um let's see here doo-doo-doo-doo-doo now we have this one
right here this is kind of a nice poet from pop and music getting ass fucked
and yeah um so anyways if you want to check out some Bahmani porn that's
Bahmani style image boards not work safe enjoy to those of you folks that draw
those pictures get a life these people that actually draw those pictures get a
alive you can have a life in Japan as well yes
explicit I'm not sure if you're Japanese I say f you to having a resident you for
censored game for those who haven't noticed the resident evil for in Japan
has has some has no hit no head cuts like Leon's head cut off or the zombies
huh it's a weird game but weird without the heads cut off stupid censorship it's
It's funny that they have more inappropriate stuff for other children compared to the ones
we have in America.
Oh well.
Sucks to be in Japan for that, for Resident Evil 4.
Alright, we're going to go to a quick break, you guys, when we come back.
Some Ask Orange Lounge, because we haven't done it in a while, so if you have a question
for us, send it over private message in the chat room, and then we're also going to wrap
things up you guys so we will be back after this.
I stand on the lights of TV and the radio
Still I can't escape the doors of doom
What has happened to it all?
Crazy some say
Where is the light that I recognize?
It's gone away But I won't cry at the end of the day
There's an ordinary world Somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way To the ordinary world
I will learn to survive
Surrender
Love the old and the holy
You make me wonder
Oh, lovely heart
Just you can't drive me crazy
And I can scream out love and hate
I am
Who made me relight my fire
Sky high
I should not dream it's real
Like a desert under your sky high
Chai chai, it's the best in the world, I will never
Keep my hope in my heart, in my mind
Chai chai, not a truth, not a dream, it's the real
Chai chai, it's the best in the world, I will never
Please listen to Orange Lounger.
Radio? Because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
Will Loki ever find the Tekken 5 soundtrack?
Or will Jamie be forced to taunt him because she has it already?
Now you can see what we talk about in the studio on breaks.
Alright let's start it off with a question from MPQ.
My sister thinks all Taku songs sound the same.
Obviously this is unacceptable.
What do I do to fix this?
Chain her to a chair.
I was thinking the exact same thing.
And put her in one, actually better yet, put her in one of those total sensory deprivation
except that all it plays is Taku music and she'll learn the subtle differences.
StepMania. I was wondering if you have any tips for someone who has just started getting
into it. A little bit vague because we're not sure if you're talking about like making
step files or downloading. I'm assuming you're going to mean like you just are getting into
it for the first time and downloading.
I can probably explain this since I am a sim artist myself.
All right, make it quick though explicit because we only got about ten minutes so.
All right. The tips on sim files is one, select a good song that you feel like that people
would enjoy and two use programs like acid or or whatever as long as you cut
the track correct perfectly and three try to also use DWI I'm not sure if
other dudes um DWI tutorial is online but if you need that I can just price I
can probably send it to you on via AOL instant messenger time so for those who
who are interested in Simphile making.
So if you're into Simphile making, those are some good resources for you.
If you're into Simphile playing, my advice would be go and get some of those, like, big
pack songs.
Like, you know, Food Mix, things like that.
Go get some of those really, really well done Simphiles.
Look for the high-rated stuff on BamaniStyle.
Look for artists who have done a lot of songs, because artists, you know, folks that have
done, you know, when I say artists, I mean, like, Stepphile background and so forth, artists.
who have made a lot of songs have probably learned from their past mistakes, so they
start producing really quality stuff, so look for that.
It makes tests that have, like, you can get it labeled either keyboard or pad, so people
do not, like, get confused that they're downloading something that isn't their type, like, a keyboard,
like a person who wants to play just in the keyboard would not want something like pad
and vice versa.
Alright, and for the record, he was asking about the downloading part, not the creation,
But hey, there's a tip for you folks who want to create too as well.
We're going to help everybody out tonight.
Alright, let's move on to the next question.
DJ Rama S. Now this question has come up before, but we haven't talked about it in a while,
so we'll humor this question again.
How did Orange Lounge Radio come about?
Oh, you want to tell it or should I?
Why don't you?
We were on the BART.
Bay Area Rapid Transit.
Coming back from San Francisco, I thought.
We first discussed it going to San Francisco, and then we finalized it on the way back.
We wanted to do the station for some time because I had a lot of fun subbing on Under
Station, and basically came up with the idea of everything that day, and we were broadcasting
what in a couple weeks?
Yeah, didn't take long.
So basically it's just, you know, we were having fun with Under Station Live.
I know personally I was dying to sit behind the control panel for another show because
Travis always sat behind the control panel for that show.
So I kind of wanted to do one where I could sit behind the control panel just because
I'd done it when I was doing college radio and stuff.
So it worked out.
And Jamie I knew was, you know, somebody I would want to do the radio show with because
she had all that experience on her station.
And also a vast knowledge of Bomani and video games in general.
So it's because I have no life.
She made a good partner for that.
And then Loki just kind of showed up, but it worked out really good.
He won a host spot for perfect attendance.
He did.
Alright.
Um.
Dark Knight.
Here's a question for Orange Launch Radio.
Do you think that Nintendo DS's online gimmick will be worth it?
We're going to talk about this on the podcast this week, but the online gimmick-
Yeah!
Yeah, um, my short answer is yes.
I mean Animal Crossing on the internet. Hello.
Fuck yeah. PictoChat on the internet.
IR Scare.
That's all they can I say. That's all that I can say.
Dark Tetsuya says, here's what I meant to ask. What was everyone's first cata?
So in DDR, your first catastrophic song that you beat.
Jamie. My favorite one?
Your first. My first? Oh, my first was Hypnotic Crisis.
That was my first as well. Anybody else care to share?
I would say it was the same thing back then with Hypnotic Crisis.
Paranoia Eternal. Fucking easy.
Or if you count Paranoia Case Set and dropped out before it became Switch as a 9,
or Burn to Floor in Max 2.
the hell's up with that bird in the floor? Give me a break. That was weird. I remember
talking about that before a long time ago on this show.
I can express one I'm working on, although it probably wasn't the best choice. My Summer
Love from like, Fourth Mix. My Summer Love I think was my second one, so that's not a
bad one to be trying I don't think. In my opinion. Or like, um, no wait, that's like
an eight, isn't it? Never mind. No, no, no. I was gonna say, uh, spin the disc, but I
I don't remember what number that is.
Alright.
Okay, that's Nate.
Never mind!
Alright, we gotta get, we're gonna burn through some of these other questions real fast, so
we gotta wrap up the show here.
Mikolatov, Dear Ask Orange Lounge, seeing as how Sony doesn't seem to have as many ads
out for its PSP, but it's got so much hype behind it, do you think that it will be as
huge of a hit as the PS2?
When you phrase the question that way, will it be a bigger hit than the PS2, I have to
say no.
I think the PS2 is just untoppable in that regard.
I think it'll be a hit. I don't think the PSP is going to be a failure, like the N-Gage,
but I think it'll do respectably, is my big fat opinion. Any opinions from anyone else
on PSP?
We've got ours. Yeah, we're going to buy ours. It's not a big deal.
Price point's a little high for that. It'll be good though, I'm sure.
Legend of Zaku says, what was the worst Bamani-related drama you have ever seen?
MGL2. Remember MGL2? That was pretty bad when we had the guy who smashed food all over the
stage and stuff, and oh my god, weeks and weeks of, yeah, weeks and weeks of web board
posts after that. I just remember the local drama with certain
people yeah that was I'm like come to think of it a lot of the big Bahmani
drama that I remember I was directly involved I know I know there's just yeah
I know when I think about Bahmani drama unfortunately I'm I think about the
stuff that impacted me the most which you know the two I think who were the
greatest causes I would say are no longer in the scene yeah true anything
you want to share explicit you've been to several attorneys I'll let the
forums explain everything sorta mm-hmm I'm not gonna say any names it's just
gonna let people find out about that yeah lemon lime jump says what do you
guys think of an orange lounge radio win amp skin hey if somebody wants to do one
that's awesome I don't I unfortunately have no artistic skill whatsoever but if
If somebody wants to make one and we approve of it, and we're pretty easily win-over-able,
we'll put it up in our downloads section on the website. I think that would be kind of
a neat thing to have, because I know a lot of people use Lamb.
As long as it works with the newest version or whatever, I'm cool with it too.
Yeah, it can work. Most of them do. So, any prospective artists out there that want to
try that, hey, we will totally support you in that. I think it's a good idea. I never
thought of that. That's a good thought.
And lastly, Illusion wants to know, why are people so lame?
Seriously, WTF.
Why are people so lame?
Their parents.
Yeah.
They were raised badly.
Alright.
Uh, that's it, gonna do it for Ask Orange Lounge tonight, we'll do it again in future
weeks.
Remember, you can always ask us questions over on our forums, www.orangeloungeradio.com,
and just check out the forums over there.
to wrap up the show you guys it's been a fun three hours next week on the show
more of what you've come to know and love hopefully we have more news on
night style we can share with you guys hopefully song pack 9 makes its debut so
we can give you guys our review on that and who knows what else you're going to
have a lost guest that's all that's right oh there might be that thingy on
Saturday which I need to yeah I thank you for reminding me about that because
I want to talk to these two about it after the show. So, okay, thank you. Yeah, I'll
tell you after the show. Anyway, final thought time. Sorry guys. It kind of seems, sometimes
I wish there was like a delay button that I could hit that would dump the street so
I could just say it and then dump it. Anyway, some day when we're real, real radio. Angel,
your final thought?
Um, Nintendo DS is going to be cool. Er.
Uh, explicit, your final thought?
33 days and still counting.
Oh, Jesus.
My final thought is, yes, chat room, there will be some outside the box this week, um, because, um, we've got Lanky Style and Rice Princess back, um, and they're going to be reviewing the Dear Friends concert from this last Monday, which is why they weren't able to make it this week.
this week. And there was some other stuff going on, which really exciting news, Orange
Lounge Radio is going to get some nice exposure, I can't say much more than that, we'll know
more as the week goes on. Uh, Loki. I better not hear any crap about next week, not this
week. It's Robot Chicken, which will feature a segment called Day in the Life of Mary-Kate
I was just gonna say, Jamie's being such a demobass.
Alright, Jamie, in response to that, I will give you the final word of the day.
Thanks you guys.
See you next week.
Jamie, the final word of the day.
So...
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
I grew up in San Francisco.
I grew up in the midst of Polk Street, hanky code, poppers, San Francisco.
So that's like my childhood.
So I feel really comfortable.
My parents owned a bookstore on Polk Street.
And my mother was in charge of the gay porn.
Which is like crazy.
She would, like, pull out these books and show me to talk about it.
This book, this book, this called...
Ace Minister.
What is the Ace Minister?
What is that? I don't know where Ace...
Why do you do Ace Minister?
I thought this is a gay, the book for gay, because mommy don't know about the gay.
The gay, they like ass, they do, they like ass so much, you know, they like ass, and
but they like eggs too much. You know, you have to have eggs in moderation, you know what I mean?
Because if you have an age all the time, then it's not facial.
Then he's not special.
You know what mommy's saying?
There is a boy and his name is Paul.
And mommy like Paul.
He's a nice boy but he's gay and he only like two things.
He like ass and Judy Garland.
And that's all.
And what kind of life is it like that?
That's all.
You know, there's the earth and the edge over the rainbow, and that's all.
What kind of life?
I don't know why they do this.
Well, I have to look at this boo with the ace mister.
I'm going to look at his book.
I'm going to look at it.
Look at mommy, I'm going to look at A's face for now.
Look at mommy, look at mommy.
A's face.
I was shocked, you know, I was so shocked, it was, it was just A's right away, you know.
I thought they would be table of contents, didn't they?
Thank you very much everybody!
You're the best!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
You
Alright, that's going to do it for Orange Laundrio tonight.
you guys. Thanks so, so much for tuning in and listening and supporting us, and voting
for us in different places when we ask you guys to and stuff. We love the O.L. Army.
We keep doing this for you guys. You're awesome. You help make this interactive show what it
is. So we appreciate that, you guys. Have a great night. What's gonna happen now is
you are gonna get disconnected from the stream, but just reconnect in like 15 to 20 seconds,
and you will resume hearing a bunch of DDR, 2DX, and Dance Media favorites. Have a good
Go on, everybody.
Good night.
