Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of March 28th, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming,
and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello everybody, welcome to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
our podcast which you've subscribed to where we talk about video games that
don't suck and well sadly some that do because they just sneak in there but I
think tonight we got a lot of games to talk about that don't suck my name is
Rob Roberts you might know me as sky I'll be helping you make your way
through this show joining me as always the lovely dark Sakura also known as
Jamie Summers. Hi! The perky Jamie Summers. I'm just faking it. Oh, okay.
Angstius always, huh? Always. All right. Also say hello to Loki. Hello. And how's
that DS charger you've been working on? You were working on it during the three
hour show. I'm on step six of 12. All right, for those who don't know, he's
building a DS charger out of Legos. Now explain how this works, Loki. Basically,
it's got the charging cord built into it and you just set the charger down or set
the DS down on the charger like a you know a dock and there you go and it
holds like no six games and three styluses huh and this is this is all
something you found on a website yeah I browse a lot forums god bless the
internet all right I like this idea of making your own cases out of Legos it's
brilliant concept. Alright let's get into what's going on in our own personal
gaming world this week. Of course the PSP launched this past week. I know somebody
in here has got to have had to put their hands on one at some point. I know it was
probably Dark Sakura, am I right?
Maybe. Your voice is cracking. What has been going on in your gaming world?
Silent Hill 3 lots of it not the PSP and no because somebody else has been
playing his new limb someone who will not be named Dan I'm sorry oh or not
named fiance or hetero life partner all right so you so you haven't really had a
chance to play the PSP at all I played it I played Darkstalkers what
What did you think of it?
It was Darkstalkers.
What do you think?
It was actually really cool.
What do you think of the PSP?
I'm really curious to your thoughts.
Surely you've watched it.
It's really awesome.
It has a, you know, the little LED HD screen thingy, and plays movies and MP3s and Screw
the iPod.
Hey, I still like my iPod.
Yeah, but, see, where you paid $400 for your iPod.
I paid $300.
We paid $250 for the...
Whatever.
Okay.
And we've got five games too.
Ooh, and is Darkstalkers your favorite out of the five?
It's the only one I've played, but I really, really, really, really, really like Ridge Racer.
It's purdy, and it has Reiko in it, so it's all good.
Cool. Anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
I played Final Fantasy XI for ten minutes.
You're cutting back, huh?
I was doing other stuff.
I have a Final Fantasy XI story tonight. It's pretty interesting.
We'll get to it in a minute.
But first, Loki, what's been going on in your gaming world, besides the DS charger?
I've been playing a ton of games, actually.
I bought God of War, which I've been playing a lot of that.
It's really awesome.
They're calling that the Ninja Gaiden of PS2.
What do you think?
No, it's very, very similar to Devil May Cry 3, actually.
Oh, okay.
Because there's a whole combo system in there, and it's pretty, it's just really good.
And they did everything right with this game, like graphics are amazing, the sound is amazing,
and just the sheer detail that's in this game, like you'll be running through Athens because
the whole game obviously is about like Greek mythology and that kind of stuff.
So you're running through Athens and you have Ares far in the background like destroying
these armies while you're fighting and stuff in the foreground and stuff.
And so it basically looks like Lord of the Rings, you know, where you have him he's just
like tossing armies in the air and just like stuff like that.
and there's fireballs and crap that he's throwing,
hitting buildings nearby you and stuff, and you're running.
There's another part where you have to go
to the Temple of Pandora, which is on the back of a Titan,
a giant monster-type thing.
And as you're climbing around the castle and stuff,
they'll show scenes and you can see the Titan walking
and everything, just tons of detail.
And correct me if I'm wrong,
but there's nudity in this game.
There is full-frontal nudity,
and there's a sex minigame. Awesome.
So you gotta love that.
And then it's violent and bloody as hell.
And it's really cool, they've got these like,
cinematic, like combos, little mini game type things.
And when you're going to kill like an enemy or whatever,
they'll have you do certain button presses,
and it basically does it very cinematically.
And your weapon of choice in this game
is like these two giant, like, knife, sword things
that are on chains, and it's just really pretty.
Wow, all right.
So definitely highly recommend, you know,
going out and getting that game is awesome. The other game I got was Time Splitter 3 because
I just love the Time Splitter series. I love how they have actually gotten really good
with it because the first game's story mode sucked, second game it was pretty good, third
game's story mode was pretty good actually. And they've got a lot of stuff that's been
added to it. Just a lot of like, you know, a lot of different elements into it. 150 playable
characters that you can unlock through the entire game, and like TimeSplitters, the other
games, they have a challenge mode where you play like these mini games that are really
off the wall, strange, anything from like, you know, survival like in a haunted house
thing to shooting off heads, breaking windows, driving a cat, and playing hoops, they're
driving a cat, driving a cat, it's a cat with wheels on it, I don't know, it's just driving
a cat, cat racing game, I don't get it, but that's what it is.
They've got, supposedly there's a thing that hints a Tony Hawk type game that's in there.
Just like it's so immersive and there's so many characters you can play.
Of course, one of the things that sets Time Slayers apart from other games is the ability
to make your own deathmatch maps.
Really good system that's only gotten better.
Online gameplay for the Playstation 2, Xbox, Gamecube, probably not, but online gameplay
for those.
so that'll be pretty interesting. And just like I said, the story mode's awesome. It's
very, very well done, like the graphics and everything. A lot of fun, actually.
Alright.
And then, of course, you know, the other two games I had, of course, were the ones I mentioned
last week. Gran Turismo 4, which I haven't really played much of, and then Dog's Life,
which I must say that this dog is wandering through a world of the most lazy people I
I've ever seen that want this dog to like perform miracles for them. I'm like god damn
it. This girl's like, I want you to build me a snowman. I'm like, it's a fucking dog.
It doesn't do snowmen. What the hell? So I threw poop at her.
Okay, as a dog would. So have you played any games you don't like lately? It seems like
you're really enjoying all these games. Um, no.
I really did like God of War and stuff, and I don't know, Gran Turismo is not really doing
it for me, because I don't really play much at Gran Turismo, I don't know, it's just...
But at least it's pretty if nothing else.
It's pretty, but I think what the problem was is I remember once I bought it, you know,
and I've had it in the house for a while, for about a week, I'm just starting to think
like, you know, I didn't really play much of the first game when I bought it, I'm like,
ah crap, kinda wanted like a new Ridge Racer game or something like that, because that'd
be fun like burnout 3 or something you know I'm pretty cool but I still like it
you know I just have to get into it and play it some more and I'll you know love
it again sounds good in my gaming world not a whole lot new I've still been
playing Zelda minish cap and I'm almost done with it but that's pretty much been
taking a lot of my time however I did get to get my grubby little paws on the
PSP that Dan has for about about seven minutes or so I got to play either now
there's a little controversy over how this game is pronounced it's either
Lumines or Luminous and I guess Luminous is probably the more proper one but a
lot of you probably been calling this game Lumines. I gotta play this game for about
seven minutes loved every minute of it oh my gosh that game is hot I really
want a PSP not just for that game but it's just pretty and you can see movies
on it and stuff not that the movies on the PSP were kinds of things I'd really
want to see anyway but I just think it's so neat that there's all this stuff you
can do that's you know in your pocket. Now don't get me wrong though I still love
my DS and I think the DS is going to get better in the next few months. So I
really don't see things as a DS versus PSP thing. I know a lot of people have
been saying it's one or the other. For me, I think both of them have a lot of
exciting things to promise over the next few months. We will see what happens. All
right, let's get into some gaming news going on. We'll start it off with the PSP
since, of course, there's a lot of stuff going on with the PSP. One of them being
the dead pixels going on with the PSPs. You've probably heard of this. Maybe what
this happened to one of your friends, but a lot of these PSPs apparently have dead pixels
or do they? Sony is responding to the reports going on right now. It's commonly referred
to as a defect, however Sony is saying that this is a problem that actually happens in
all LCD screens. Says Sony, a very small number of dark pixels or continuously lit pixels
is normal for LCD screens and is not a sign of malfunction.
Page 13 of the PSP manual says this, red, blue, or green spots or black spots may appear
in certain locations on the LCD screen.
The appearance of such spots is a normal occurrence associated with LCD screens and not a sign
of malfunction.
So what should you do if this is happening to you?
They're suggesting that you try this out for a week or two, but if it continues to bother
then you can use your one-year warranty that comes with a PSP.
All the details are on page 125 of the manual.
You know what's funny?
I swear I've got this game system called the DS that has two LCD screens
and guess what? It doesn't happen there.
Why does it happen on yours?
Okay, but you know what's weird is I have heard of it happening on the DS.
Maybe it's not happening on yours.
But here's the thing though.
But it's not a common thing, because I have a LCD screen at work, I can tell you this
much, I've had it on for a long time, it doesn't have any dead pixels in it, my DS doesn't
have any dead pixels in it, my Game Boy Advance doesn't have any dead pixels in it, why does
your PSPs have a lot of dead pixels in it?
Because you're using chip parts, and that's why you're trying to cover it up saying, oh
it's completely normal!
Completely normal!
It's somewhat higher quality than what you might find on your conventional PC monitor.
It happens with HDTVs all the time.
So the advice I heard, and we were talking about this on the 3 hour program, Dan the
man was here talking about the PSP.
Try putting in the movie that most of you guys got with your PSP.
Put in Spiderman and try watching it and see if that unfreezes the pixel.
different tricks like that try something doing something a little different maybe
it'll help so hopefully we saved you some headache there if you're one of
those folks that has the PSP of the dead pixel I hope when I get mine though I
never have this problem because that will make me sad speaking of the PSP
very interesting some folks are using wipeout pure to be browsing the internet
Loki I know you love reading about the hack stuff what's going on with this
They're using the Wipeout, I guess there's a function in the game where you can actually
view the website, and I don't think the website's up right now or something, and so people are
actually using it as a proxy or a way to bounce off of it to visit other websites such as
Slashdot and Hackaday, where I'm guessing this probably was featured in an article.
I actually found the link from Slashdot, but you know.
Well Slashdot steals from Hackaday all the time, because people that read Slashdot read
hackaday and yada yada yada very interesting not everything works though
some things don't work like you know JavaScript frames of course you know you
can't expect all that kind of stuff to work but apparently you can actually use
Google because you can use the X button on the PSP and it brings up a little
keyboard so you can use that to type in things so very interesting there but
here's what you need to be doing on there I'm looking up internet yeah see
now that would be cool is if you can download stuff to the DS just oh my god
that would be hilarious PSP to get spyware that's what oh yeah I know how
how many days did it take him to install Linux on the PSP they don't know they've
done it yet oh my gosh it's a miracle hey it's only coming I mean it takes a
while you know like a couple days we'll see all right if you want more
information on how to use wipeout peers hidden web browser head on over to this
website it's www.fumanchu.com
slash pspdev and they'll have all the information there on that hopefully that
website doesn't get crashed hopefully it stays up there but it's probably gonna get
hit with a lot of folks um also going on in the PlayStation world now this is a
pretty big story but we don't have a lot of information at this time this is
actually another article that was on Slashdot, but they're saying that
according to Japan Today, the US District Court in Oakland, California has ordered
Sony and its US unit to pay 90.7 million dollars in damages to
Immersion Corp for patent infringement over controllers used with PlayStation
game consoles. In the ruling, which was handed down Thursday, the federal court
also ordered Sony Computer Entertainment and Sony Entertainment America to stop
selling the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 game consoles using DualShock
controllers as well as more than 40 game software products. Very
interesting if this is actually coming to light. I mean there could be a stay. We
don't know this is all kind of developing right now so we don't know
this will certainly be something we hear about more this week but my first
thought is those PlayStation controllers have been around for like 10 years it's
it's just now coming to be a patent issue what's going on with that is that
really how slow our legal system is or what I guess but still what is going on
with that do you think this is gonna hold what do you think they're actually
gonna have to stop selling PlayStation's because somebody else said it's Sony no
but Loki any thoughts on this have you heard anything about this is the first
this is the first I've heard of it and it sounds pretty stupid actually it's
like why is it taking so long oh now we figured out we can make money by suing
them you know I've heard of you know other things like this before where
they've sued for different things you know that's been around forever you know
so and I guess it sounds like they've won already so they just need to work it
out working out there's always appeals they need to work it out I'd be kind of
curious to why they waited so long hmm to be honest we have some various online
multiplayer online news. We have three of them. I promised we would do a story
about Final Fantasy 11. This is kind of interesting. This is only going to apply
to the Japanese version of Final Fantasy 11, but they're going to be doing a
campaign called the Welcome Back Campaign. It's going to be going on from
April 14th to July 13th, and if you are a retired Final Fantasy 11, sign up on the
game's official site and you can get your play online and Final Fantasy
registration codes reissued by Squeenix, meaning that you can return to the game
with your old characters intact and you'll be able to play the game free for
30 days! So they're trying to sucker you back into the addicting world of Final
Fantasy 11. I know all you guys are currently in Final Fantasy 11 but let's
say they reinstated this type of similar thing in a game that you've maybe left
like Dark Sakura for you maybe Ragnarok or PSO is this something you jump on?
They've given free months and I hadn't ever re-registered.
Do you think that's the main reason why they do this?
Your character, on Ragnarok Online, if you were in the second beta, you'd keep your character forever.
Oh cool.
So I could go a year from now if I wanted to play RO again and my character would still be there at her same levels.
Oh cool.
So, um, do you think this is just something they're doing to sucker people back into it and get obsessed with Final Fantasy again?
Yes.
You know, probably good business sense.
Lucky, what about you? What do you think of the idea?
Are you...
Cause you're somebody who's still paying for Final Fantasy XI.
Are you a little ticked off that somebody else is gonna get 30 free days just because they quit?
Whatever. Who cares?
I really don't.
I mean, so what? They get it for free.
You know what I mean? That's just like, you know, all those cable companies out there that...
You know, hey, you get the movie channels for free if you, you know, join us.
Then people are like, ah!
Why are they doing that?
So there's actually retarded people out there that will actually quit and come back.
they get the free movie channels, like, you're an idiot, but, whatever, you know, hey, try
to get them back because, you know, they've got competition now with World of Warcraft
and stuff, so, good luck, but I don't think it's gonna work.
Speaking of World of Warcraft, this week, World of Warcraft was patched to version 1.3.0,
and what they've added, like chat bubbles, brand new chat bubbles, quest trackers, and
a brand new dungeon, which is called Dire Maul.
Now I know that nobody here is that into World of Warcraft, but it's kind of neat.
I know it's a very insanely popular game, it is a game I still want to check out as
soon as I officially part from Final Fantasy XI because technically I'm still on it, but
not much longer.
I do want to check out at least World of Warcraft, give it a chance, but I know it's insanely
popular so I'm sure this download, which is going to be 62 megabytes of a chat, a lot
of folks are going to be really happy about this one.
They're saying that the chat bubbles are kind of like what you see in EverQuest 2, which
should be very interesting.
The new area, by the way, the new dungeon, it's kind of interesting because it seems
like whenever they put in new areas in a game, it's always for high levels.
Yeah, you're going to have to be level 56 to 60 if you want to get to this new area,
Dire Maul.
Also going on in other online RPGs, the Matrix Online finally started, so it just launched
this week.
talking on the last podcast about when the matrix online stopped its beta did
that pretty hilarious sign off now tell me look yeah I don't know how much
you've heard about this you've been following matrix online more than I have
is it true now I thought I was reading something where they've actually hired
people to be actors in the matrix online yep that is their job to play this game
and move the story yeah they're hired to play the main characters like Niobe
Morpheus, etcetera, etcetera, and they're hired to do that.
Wow. They need to hire me. I know, seriously, I mean, this just makes me think, my gosh,
now kids everywhere will be able to tell their parents, see,
you can make a living playing video games. I mean,
wow. Well, also just ask any game tester, but still.
Still though, there's a difference between game testing and then actually
like immersing yourself in this world, I mean, really.
I could, I would love to do that, you know, but I don't think that after a while it would get kind of old.
Yeah, I wonder if they switch characters once in a while, liven it up, or how they do that. That's kind of weird.
I wonder if they're always on 24 hours a day or what they do. If they switch, I don't know.
It'd be cool just playing Neo.
Well apparently they do have Neo running around in there somewhere.
I don't think so, he's dead.
Oh, I thought he was in there somewhere. They said that he's spotted.
That's just a myth.
well you know how could they not even dead or not I mean you know Freddy's
died how many times bring them back and they'll do a fucking trilogy again yeah
exactly so yeah now this last bit of MMORPG news I have isn't quite exactly
about the game itself but the ramifications that getting really into
an MMO can have. Sony Online Entertainment just sent some notice that
there has been a baby named after a character in EverQuest. Player Tabitha
Ayers gave birth to a baby girl on January 6 2005 and promptly named her
Furriona Valle Ayers. And these people right here should have their membership
canceled and they should be castrated in honor of EverQuest famous spokes-elf
very interesting named after an MMORPG character loser what do you think but I
mean they named babies after rock stars and movie character and all those people
should be castrated just as well there was someone that Dan knew that named
their kid Molina Molina I actually like the name Molina but I would if I were
to name my kid Molina I wouldn't name it because of moral combat that we're
naming our first our first kid Richter so is this necessarily worse than that
or no although every quest is really stupid but I think this kid's gonna get
teased this person should have named their kid after like a cool game instead
of like oh you know proving to the universe that they're an addict sorry I
might name like I always thought Strider was a good name for a guy but not
necessarily the same way really a name it's a job but you know it's also a name
I knew kids yeah if you change the spelling alter it a little bit so all
right anyway kind of an interesting story there that now kids are getting
named after MMOs but hey you know if they name kids after rock stars and
movies I guess that's just a logical progression. Alright for those you guys
out there we want to give you a way to better your life we're not just here to
fill you in on the latest in video gaming and what's going on we want to
better your life when you're not playing those games and to do that we have the
lovely Dark Sakura giving you her advice column. Dark Sakura what did you pick to
discuss tonight with our listeners this is how to escape from a bad date who
this now this is necessary I this is good how do you do this okay you can
fake an emergency excuse yourself from the table tell your date that you are
going to the restroom to wash up take yourself in with you if you'd not have
one locate a restaurant fun that's out of your date sign a vision bring a
restaurant matchbook or a business card that has a restaurants phone number call
Call a friend or relative for help.
Tell them to call you, either on your cell phone or on the restaurant's phone, and pretend
there has been an emergency.
Believable emergencies are personal crisis.
My friend just broke up with her husband, she's having a breakdown, I have to go.
Business crisis.
My boss just called, she's in Seattle for a major presentation and has lost all of her
files.
I have to email them to her immediately.
Health crisis.
My sister just called, our grandmother is alone and ill.
Leave quickly before your date can protest.
Apologize but refuse any attempt.
date makes to accompany you. If you leave swiftly without hesitation your date
won't have time to understand what's happening or to object and then you slip
away unnoticed. Number one, identify your escape route. Observe your surroundings.
Take note of the exits especially the back doors for the best way out or an
alternative. Two, plan to alter your appearance. Think about your most
distinctive features and figure out how to hide or disguise them. The person
you're trying to leave is going to see figure moving past away at a distance
Let me be focusing on that first impression if you are not familiar to him and are an interesting you will not get a second
look
Three excuse yourself from the table move to the restroom or any private area with a mirror to begin your transformation
Your day will probably wait two or three minutes before expecting you to return so act quickly before he begins looking for you
For add and remove clothing layering garments will change your body shape and even suggest a different gender
Along coat will obscure your body
so if you're a guy and you want to scare your date off come back to the table
wearing a dress hats are especially useful because they conceal your hair
or facial features eyeglasses whether added or removed work wonders the
shopping bag is hand is a handy prop and can be used to hold your belongings
five change your welcome posture if you walk quickly move slowly you stand up
straight hunch over six use or remove cosmetics blah blah blah seven change
your hairstyle or color. Rubber band, hairspray, water, or gooey substance will help.
8. Adopt a cover roll. A lady in the restaurant may have an apron and be carrying a tray.
If you can manage to procure these items, as you attract a pair of eyeglasses and alter
your hairline or hairstyle, you will become invisible by moving out of the restaurant.
And put on a fake mustache. Make your move. Do not look at your date. You can climb out
of a window. You can use things to break the window, such as a wastebasket, toilet plunger,
handbag or briefcase. You can even use a paper towel dispenser. You have to hit it
in the center though. Or, if all else fails, get your date to leave. Say something
offensive. Behave inappropriately. Send your date on a fool's errand. Tell him
you want to go to a specific nightclub, but explain that it's very crowded and
so he cannot go in after you. But my advice in the end, don't go out with a
loser thank you huh also in gaming news this week for how to determine the
gender of your date I have to save that for a future advice column Soulcalibur
3 is coming out but it ain't coming out in the arcade and even though link was
so cool on the GameCube it ain't coming out on the GameCube it is a PlayStation
2 exclusive title Soulcalibur 3. Namco has announced it it'll come out later
this year. So far they've only announced three new characters and I'm gonna
totally butcher the pronunciations of his name so just deal with it.
Tira, Setsuka, and Zasamel. There's too many letters in that one. Two returning
characters will be coming back for sure as well. Mitsuruigi and Taki.
Mitsurugi, Mitsurugi. Sorry, I didn't play a lot of Soulcalibur. I always played ivy. I like the easy to pronounce names
There was a neat making of file, but I didn't really get to watch because somebody else watching it
On I do believe this on game spot
Also what they're saying about Soulcalibur 3 is that you will be able to create your own character
So now it's going to be Barbie dress-up Soulcalibur. So that'll be fun. That is totally up my alley
But the Zamzahamuel uses a scythe.
That's cool.
That was cool.
I did see the pictures.
One of those looks just like Lulu.
Tyra uses a giant chakram.
I think that's the one that looks just like Lulu.
No, it must be the other one.
There's one I swear that looks just like Lulu from Final Fantasy X.
Like when I saw the pictures.
They're going into some neat weaponry.
kind of neat. But it's kind of a bummer because I really thought Soul Calibur was best on
the GameCube and yes 95% of that was because Link was in it. So it's kind of a bummer that,
well actually. Actually the Xbox one was really good. Back it up a little bit. Soul Calibur
2 was really best in the arcade. So I'm really surprised that Soul Calibur 3 is not coming
to the arcade. I don't get that but whatever. I guess really good news for Soul Calibur
fans that have playstations well and also the arcade market is kind of in a
decline true it's just kind of sad though because there are some really
like I thought the conquest idea was pretty neat and it kept people
entertained and having your character being built on there it's kind of I don't
know it's kind of too bad but there you have it going back to a really really
old series actually I think this one's been it's been like slowly coming and
going but I just remember this old game on Nintendo I don't know if you were
ever into these games but it all started off with a game called Nobunaga's
ambition the strategy yes you remember this game on Nintendo well they're
actually gonna put out a brand new one on the PC this summer now this news is
coming out of Japan which and the name when translated means Nobunaga's
ambition revolution it's gonna cost a hundred and seven dollars in u.s. funds
yeah that's a lot of money but is it so much I guess they're just come with like
maps and books and crap I have no idea no idea it comes with your own soldier
but there is days in your house there's a teaser page planes at you www.game
city dot n e dot JP slash kakushin k k a k u sh in so if you want to check out
that would be Japanese for this game is too damn expensive
no one on his ambition was a cool game thus why I had to bring it up because I
remember that game on into my
mission we created so expensive I remember when we went to the singer
trying to sell that game on ebay
did it work did you find buyer I think we got five bucks for it
room I'll
couple more stories tonight bungee has revealed that they will be doing nine
Brand new maps for Halo 2, but there's a catch
They're only going to be available for a fee on Xbox live if you don't have Xbox live
I don't know what the hell you're doing with Halo 2 and not having Xbox live
But if you don't have Xbox live you can get a separate $20 add-on DVD that will have all the maps for you
The first maps will come out on live late in April
It's going to have two free maps, so you will get two of them for free
but then you're gonna have to do two for purchase but they are saying that all
the maps will be free at some point on live by the end of the summer so I don't
know what's going on with that but then they'll be five more well I think it's
just those four but then there'll be five more on live with the DVDs release
but you know there's people out there that play Halo 2 all the time and they
will pay the money for these new maps even if they're going to be free in
three months you know it but I don't I don't get the point of the DVD because
honestly how can you have have halo 2 and not have live unless well maybe
maybe you're the type that plays in the dorm with the local area but really I
mean halo 2 was made is made for live so I mean it has a decent single-player
mode but what's the point of the new maps anyway one more story so did they
mentioned that those new maps would have an actual ending for the game no no
we're in there but you're the though the new quest will begin where you're
searching for the end of the game but unfortunately you will not find it and
you'll be utterly disappointed but guess what there'll be another $20 patch later
on where there maybe it will be an ending but we can't guarantee anything
unless we figure out more money we'll make you buy that Japanese game it's
$100 this is nobody this is probably related to that story we reported on a
couple weeks ago about the Korean Xbox site announcing some type of expansion
for Halo probably is the same thing so I think that answers our questions there
maybe not but probably one last story shadow the hedgehog has a date and it's
going to be coming out this winter on the Xbox GameCube and the PlayStation 2
being developed by Sega Studios USA that explains that VG cats comic then and in
other news halo 2 the search for more money of course we don't know the rating
of the pricing yet however in shadow the hedgehog you will be able to control
whether shadow is a hero or a villain and it all depends on the paths you
choose it's going to be you're shooting and racing through over 50 missions but
can you marry the same sex in that game shadow fable what the hell comment way
out of left field it's just like fable fable you can marry the same sex I know
fable and shadow the hedgehog have nothing in common except that shadow
will be on Xbox as well well shit no I mean there aren't that many female
hedgehogs running around so I mean shadow Amy well if one she does you you
know, foreweighed by all the other characters. We just need a knuckle solo game. Anyway,
I think on that note, we definitely need to wrap things up. Uh, Loki, any parting words
for our listeners? I mean, honestly, what's he gonna do for some lovin'? My parting words
are goodbye, and keep your fingers crossed that I beat MinishCap this week, so I have
something new to talk about. Uh, DarkSakura, your final? Piranha River suck. Thank you
guys for subscribing we'll see you next time thanks for subscribing to our
podcast the orange lounge radio to go edition is a proud part of www.orange
See you next update!
