Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of March 21st, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming, and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello everybody out there in podcast-subscribing land.
Thank you very much for deciding to check us out.
We appreciate it.
Here we are, the Orange Launch Radio podcast,
dedicated to what gamers really want to know out there on the internet.
All right, my name is Skye, Rob Roberts.
Join me as always.
Say hello to DarkSakra, Jamie.
Yo, what up, my homies?
All right, and also say hello to Loki, Matt.
Hey, what's up?
Not a whole lot. Uh, let's
go and talk about what games we've been playing this week and kinda what's new
in our gaming world.
Uh, DarkSakura, what have you been up to playing? What have you been up to?
Silent Hill 3, all day. I've actually been cheating.
What part of Silent Hill have you been in? I'm still in the beginning, Silent Hill 3.
Does this have anything to do with the recent thunderstorms we've been having in
the area here in
Sacramento where we face our problems? We call that a storm. I know, but you know,
for this area it's pretty big storm whether we actually know it was
and really nothing to do with that it's just we were playing with the
trying to see if we were gonna seller pro-action replay and we did a bunch
codes that I was playing on the hill for with the header beam
as you with the sexy beam and with her magical transformation
into super magical girl Heather you get this one
and when you equip it you get a transformation sequence on top of that
Alright. It's funny. I haven't played...
Silent Hill 3 is like, I played a lot of Silent Hill 2 and I played a lot of Silent Hill 4.
I somehow completely skipped over 3. I don't know how that happened, so...
I need to give you back your 4, I found it. Yes you do!
I'll give it back. It's all good. I don't mind. I know it's in good hands.
Alright, is that it? Just Silent Hill 3? Some
Final Fantasy 11, though hardly any. Do you know, you know one of my buddies was talking
about that
He was actually over, of all people, Rice Princess and Lanky Stop from the Thursday
Night Show here on Orange Launch, he was over their house and they were playing Silent Hill
and Siren and all these scary games last night in the thunderstorm while it was thundering
outside.
Do you ever do that with scary games?
No.
Oh.
I don't know.
I just thought I'd ask.
I usually sleep when it starts raining.
There's two things that are guaranteed to put me to sleep.
is being a passenger in a car and the other is rain especially rain on metal
so when it rains when I'm in a car it's an instant coma hmm but rain thunder
rain makes me it puts me to sleep I can't sleep in the Thunder I grew up I
wake up I wake up too quick all right Loki would even up to what even playing
this week I've been playing actually some act different games other than
Final Fantasy XI, I picked up Gran Turismo 4 and a game called Dog's Life.
What is Dog's Life?
Now this is different than Nintendogs, which we've talked about breezily.
Yes.
What's Dog's Life?
Dog's Life is basically this game where you play a dog, and you run around and do what
dogs do, like sniff smells and, you know, crap, and you actually run around, it's basically
Wait, so there's actually a button to crap?
Actually, it's a trick you have to learn.
To crap and fart.
And it's great about the game.
It's like learning how to throw a fireball in Street Fighter II.
Just down towards punch.
Something like that.
But, um, you know, this game, um, it's very interesting.
It's more kind of a collection game.
It's really kind of meant for, like, little kids.
But what's weird, though, is even though it's meant for little kids,
there's, like, a lot of this really crude humor that's in it.
It's a little odd, but the plot line is kind of seems like it's ripped from 101 Dalmatians
that a dog's been kidnapped by some woman named Mrs. Peach that makes dog food or something.
I don't know what exactly that's about.
But anyways, so she's kidnapping the dog and I haven't even really gotten that.
All I've been doing is running around in smell-o-vision, which you can actually see the smells, which
is kind of neat.
collect smells or whatever and then you get a bone or whatever and then or you
can you know collect smells and race a dog and you get to be come this small
little dog run around and it's just interesting but one of the things I've
been passing my time with this shitting grabbing my shit and then flinging it at
people that's quite fun right like for example I'm I jumped on top of a van and
took a crap and then just ran away and then like yeah this is like small stuff
like that. You know, taking this out of context, like if we were to clip up the audio of this,
and so you wouldn't know he was talking about a dog video game, that'd be quite hilarious.
Very incriminating. We'll have to save it for promo. That's a good idea. Alright, how's
Gran Turismo? I'm curious about that one. Gran Turismo I played for about five minutes,
just I played a couple of the arcade stuff, because I've been kind of mainly playing this
dog game. But anyways, Gran Turismo, he's more into crapping on vans than driving them.
Okay, so I was playing Gran Turismo, and I had to remind myself why I sucked at Gran Turismo.
It's mainly because I can't steer for shit in the game.
But anyways, you start it up and it starts playing this really opera sounding music, and it's beautiful.
I mean, the graphics are really good, except the background and the audience, they're still 2D.
They're still flat and not moving.
Yet the game boasts on the back that the audience reacts to what you do.
And the only guys that are like a, oooh, ahh, type of thing, or?
I saw camera flashes and that's about it.
I didn't see the audience moving, they're just kind of looking like Jerry Blank's dad
in Strangers with Candy.
That's a reference nobody's gonna get, that's what I feel.
That's why they have to watch the movie when it comes out.
Alright.
But, so that's what happened there.
But it was really good, the second race I did was on an off-road course, and I have
to mention beforehand, they recreated all the tracks from the first game, in this game.
So that's really cool, first off. And there's like, I forget, 100 tracks, 600 cars. You
start off with 240, so that's like a ton to unlock. And there's a ton of cars there. The
first car I played as was a Ford Focus, because that's what I drive, so I decided to see how
well of a race car that is, and it's not. And then I tried playing like sort of a rally
type car thing, I did some off-road driving, versus this like Subaru Impreza or whatever
it is, I'm probably all fucking that up because I don't know cars at all, a newer looking
car versus a boat basically, just like this old ass car that I was driving, giant boat,
and of course the other car's kicking my ass because the boat does not go fast. The boat
floats, like a boat would. But, um, it was interesting. So, um, but I like it. I gotta,
you know, get into playing it more, and if I get frustrated, it'll cheat.
Alright, sounds good. I'm looking forward to hearing more about what you think about
that game in the future. Uh, myself, I, I'm still on the same game as I was last week.
I've been playing Phantasy Star online in Zelda Minish Cap. I've been making a little
bit of progress in both. I now have two characters at level 10 in Phantasy Star, thank you very
much. Um, you know, I've just been having fun playing with friends on there. I have
yet to really find other opponents on Xbox Live, but I think I'm just going into the
wrong blocks. Like, I'm going into the first ship, first block, and there's a lot of people
in there that just talk crap to each other in there. It's just, man, I wish I could play
for you. For those of you guys that don't have Xbox Live, I wish I could play for you
the stuff people say in these lobbies. It's insane. But anyway, uh, pretty much just been
playing those same games. Haven't had a whole lot of time to play any new stuff. Besides
fact I went to the arcade and I played, you know, some In the Groove, which is that new
dance game that's kind of trying to take DDR's throne. We'll see, who knows what happens
to that. All right, let's get into some gaming news. Of course, what is on everybody's mind
this week is the PSP is coming out. I know I'm too broke to get one.
Bah humbug. Why do you say bah humbug? Just to be contrary, I'm actually getting one.
See, yeah, you're the lucky one that can actually get one of these. I unfortunately am too poor
to go in right now somebody should send me a free one I'd like that idea you
know somebody should nice to one all right if you want to get your hands on a
PSP if you want to be one of the first well you have to live in San Francisco
because actually at the Sony metreon they're gonna have a midnight sale 1201
a.m. on the dot Thursday here's the other part of that for those of you guys
that are too lazy to pre-order, reserve, that kind of stuff, the Metreon is going
to sell them on a first-come, first-serve basis. So it'll be interesting to see what
kind of people end up camping out this week. There's also Best Buy's doing the exact
same thing as far as... But not the 1201 thing. So if you have, if you're one of
those people, you have to be the first to own it. More power to you. Get your ass on
down to the Metreon and do that. Well they definitely giving you more, you know,
more to look forward to, you know, getting it first day because there's actually games
out for it, whereas the DS, we're still waiting for games to come out for it.
Speaking of which, this was another news story I wanted to mention about.
The official launch of the PSP isn't happening until Thursday, but retailers are already
selling the software.
Here's the thing, there's a restriction on the street date for the PSP, but there's no
rules against distributing the software before the hardware street date.
are out there and they are buying the games before the PSP. They're at Fry's, I
was there. They had Wipeout, they had Metal Gear, they were there. And for those
who don't know, Fry's is a major chain on the west coast here. Fry's Electronics. Yeah,
a lot of places I'm hearing you're getting the games, so I don't understand
why you would want to buy the game when you don't have the system. Maybe you want
to oogle over the instruction manual, or you just want to hold the disc in your
your hands and confirm that it's not going to play in a normal CD player I
don't know why. It's a smart way to build the hype though to go ahead and start
making some money on it. I guess have the display boxes out there. Although I did
think they should have done what like how they did with the Dreamcast what
Blockbuster did. Blockbuster had a deal where you could rent Japanese Dreamcasts
and play Sonic Adventure. Oh wow. And then you know of course they had to send them all
back but you could actually rent just those two. They should do something like
that with the PSP I thought you know that would be a way to let people see
what it was like well they have the kiosks and stores now right cuz I've
heard you can yeah I've heard some folks have played the PSP hands-on demo units
for the staff oh interesting well the PSP is coming out this week I'm sure
there'll be plenty of news all over the internet about it we're just kind of you
know waiting to get our hands on one and we'll definitely give you our feedback
We will all have to share Jamie's PSP if she's willing to share next week.
You know, that's actually Dan's PSP. Aww. But I'm gonna bring him next week. Okay, yeah, steal it from Dan.
Whenever we have it, I'll bring him. Dan can live without it for 30 minutes while
we tape this podcast. All right, reminder guys, if you ever have any feedback on
the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition, you can send us an email. The email
address is togo, T-O-G-O, at orangeloungeradio.com. Since we talked about the PSP,
let's talk about the competitor the DS. DS just rolled out recently in the UK
although okay you know what though it's weird for me to call the DS the PSP
competitor I know that a lot of folks want to say DS PSP DS it's like a big
fight but honestly to me and that's the way I felt about the two systems at
first especially at e3 but to me now both systems really are incredibly
different and they really both have different things to offer such as the
PSP actually has games on launch date. DS has, you know, the innovation touch screen
and all that other stuff. So, it's hard for me to compare the two. I don't know. Jamie,
is there a comparison for you or is it just... Not really. Yeah. You know, there's a difference
between your DS and the great game launcher. I wonder if you can still shoot games out.
You have to twist it pretty hard though. That's what I'm curious about, if the PSP is still
going to be a great game launcher. Remind us again about what was going on in Japan?
I had a fail-safe built in so that you wouldn't hurt the games or something, something or
the other.
That if you got too aggressive with the system and twisted it, you know sometimes, you know
I used to do it all the time with old Game Gear and everything.
With the Nomad, sometimes you get so into the game that you twist it just a bit like
if you're doing a racing game or something.
But if you twist it in that manner, it would shoot the game out.
You'll shoot somebody's eye out with that thing.
Alright sorry, I just wanted to get that out there.
let's get to the DS story it actually just launched in the UK recently and it
sold 87,000 units in the first two days that makes the DS the biggest hardware
launch in the UK to date they are calling this over a Nintendo the general
manager of Nintendo UK David yarn 10 says an unprecedented success breaking
all expected sales figures and even exceeding our expectations good news for
the Nintendo folks in the UK now if we can just get some damn games where's my
Animal Crossing where's my Castlevania give it to me now all right also in DS
news this was a really big thing that was going around this week apparently if
you look in the recent issue of Nintendo power it's what I'm hearing under Namco
planned DS titles you can actually see Katamari Damacy DS is being planned
that is so cool to me now I'm kind of wondering how you gonna control this but
you have any thoughts on this Jamie I know you're a big Katamari Damacy fan
um like that pac-man marble madness game that they had at e3 trackball okay do a
trackball style with the stylus interesting thoughts like a little track
Okay, alright. Loki?
That was my thought too, as well.
You're that or you'd use like the directional pad as like one analog and the four buttons on the other side as the other analog, sort of.
I was kind of wondering how the whole two screen thing is going to work in Katamari to Mashidias.
Like is the top screen strictly for the King's package or how's that going to work? That's what I want to know.
probably be just you know stretched out maybe a map on the bottom or something
that's typical for DS games have your little map on the bottom but then again
katamari namashi you know I kind of would have liked a nicer map in that
game so it would be kind of neat though that if you were they're using the
buttons and everything on the normal screen and then on the lower screen as
your bog is bigger you know how your field of vision gets bigger your map
expands okay and scroll out some good ideas there so we'll see what the future
brings for Katamari to mashi ds very excited about that very happy about that
all right um let's see also in ds news i have one of the story about the ds just
a quick one majesco is announced that they're going to bring two new ds games
out later this year one of them being atv quad frenzy and that's you know four
wheel in action on your ds 40 different tracks and you can upgrade your ride
using the stylus and it's got Wi-Fi support but the other game is Texas
Hold'em poker and I'm just kind of going do we need another poker game to quote
the best line ever from Mr. Science Theater 3000 the movie well whoopty shit
what is with the popularity of all these poker games because I I keep seeing all
these cheap Gameboy and PlayStation poker games for sale at Walmart is it
just because of the show it's not just that it's I went to when I was at fries
last night oh yeah last night they had they were selling poker tables poker
sets just everything is it seriously the popularity that celebrity poker or what
like poker is the new bejeweled it's funny you should bring up bejeweled I
want to mention this this is a little bit off from the stuff we usually talk
about but this is something interesting that's going on in North Carolina in
In North Carolina, they are actually considering, some state lawmakers are considering banning
Solitaire from computers, and Minesweeper as well, they are going to, and I'm not saying
from every computer, you can do what you want in your house, but from state computers and
state offices like at the DMV insurance, you know, agent, state insurance companies, things
like that.
That's smart, disgruntled the DMV workers more.
they're joking around calling this the country's first anti-solitaire
legislation because literally they would have to pass something in the state
senate that says computers are not allowed to have solitaire installed on
them and I'm just kind of thinking this has really become the new age time sink
here and you know I see it happen at my company where I work I walk around and
when people are feeling unproductive I see bejeweled and what are all those
other games they have on like Yahoo and PopCap, the Insaniquarium I've seen, the Zuma is the
other one.
We don't need to be working my job, we don't have time to be working.
When you're, you know, handling, when I handle something anywhere between 15 to 20 bankruptcy
desk or accounts doing their analyses by hand, no.
I, no, no.
And people that-
They should have all of that locked out.
People that work in construction and jobs like that where you're not necessarily behind
to just probably get pissed off at these kind of stories, especially in North Carolina where
it's like, damn right my tax dollars shouldn't be going to people playing solitaire all day.
I mean, doing it on your breaks, one thing. And to, you know, folks at work's credit,
a lot of folks play Bejeweled on their breaks, and that's cool. You know, do what you want.
I'm just glad that I can still check my school stuff during my lunch. But I miss checking
my LiveJournal.
All right. Loki, did you have something you wanted to share?
Yes, I did.
What's up?
that Tuesday, or at least this last Tuesday, the Matrix beta has ended, and I have to say
they did it in a really interesting way. Apparently the Matrix was being cleansed by a fire virus,
so people started bursting into flames. And I actually, I have some other crap, the sky
turned into a bunch of eyeballs, and I actually have a video here for the, you know, Rob the
to see real quick. Okay. That is creepy as fucking hell. And basically, you know, eyes
floating around, the sky turns, you know, bright red and stuff. And then, I guess at
the very end of the game, once it was done, the, basically your body just gets folded
into a mass. It's like, just really weird. So this just happened to everybody playing
the game at once? Everybody. But it was, it slowly happened. See, first off, they started
with signs start appearing in the game. Like, for instance, there was one sign that said
disobedience is unacceptable. There is another one that says, the further presence in the
Matrix is forbidden. It says, jack out now, discomfort will be extreme. There are signs
in the club, like, time is running out, you are in violation, you are in violation, you
know, you cannot hide, and stuff like that. And apparently gigantic brawls were happening
where like, some of the actual people from the game, or the movies like seraph and stuff
fighting agents and just nuts stuff going on they've got like you know there
was this crazy virus people catching on fire it's just so it was really the
major thing the matrix online folks got pretty clever with how they're gonna end
their beta that was pretty awesome it's just like you imagine you're playing
World of Warcraft and then suddenly your character just sorry but it first into
flames I actually it cuz I only really didn't play I didn't really play the
beta that much if I actually jacked in saw this I'd be like what the hell is
going on I mean there's like beams of light shooting down from the sky and stuff and basically
your character literally just like it's bent over backwards you know sort of looks like
you know the T-1000 getting shot with you know shotgun shots nuts but you know that's
a really good sign at least of how the actual game's gonna be I mean because if they're
putting this much detail into the beta you know to bring up all the hype from this you
gotta wonder what the actual game's gonna be like and so that's I think will be pretty
interesting. I gotta give my hands off to them, that's a pretty clever idea there, so.
I hope this doesn't become a trend in MMOs to, like on April Fools' Day, can you imagine
some different MMOs doing that? Like, you know, Final Fantasy XI suddenly turned the
behemoths loose in the middle of the city. Actually that sounds like something they-
It did that on Ragnarok. I was gonna say, that's something they would've
done on Ragnarok. Dude, I had five wanderers come by and axe me. Actually, in another time,
I was lucky enough that I was high enough level.
I was left with six hit points.
I'm shaking one hit from one to one and my ass ran like hell.
Speaking of World of Warcraft, you guys, just because I was talking about MMOs and stuff
and we were talking about the various ones.
World of Warcraft hit 1.5 million users this week.
I guess that's really all there is to say.
The game just keeps getting bigger.
Won't stop going.
Meanwhile, I'm all getting back into PSO, am I behind the times or what?
I'm still apparently paying for it, I'll play.
Well you know there's some news coming out on the new PSO, we'll be talking about that
in upcoming weeks as more news comes out.
Alright, and of course we here at Orange Lounge Radio on the to-go edition, we are not only
interested in bringing you the gaming news you really want to know, but we want to better
your life.
And who better to better your life with some advice than our very own DarkSakura with her
advice column.
DarkSakura what are you going to share with us tonight?
Today's tip is how to cross a piranha infested river.
And how would one cross the river?
Number one, do not cross if you have an open wound.
Piranhas are attracted to blood.
Number two, avoid areas with netted fish, docks where fish are clean, and areas around
bird rookeries. Piranhas may become habituated to feeding in these areas and may be more
aggressive there. 3. Stay out of the water when piranhas are feeding. When large numbers
of piranhas are attacking prey, a true feeding frenzy, they may snap a bite at anything around
them. If you see them feeding, stay away or well upriver. 4. Across the river at night,
virtually every species of piranha rests at night, and when awakened they will swim away
rather than attack.
Piranhas are more active at dawn, though some large adults may hunt in the evening.
5.
Swim or walk across quickly and quietly.
Do not try to create a large disturbance in the water that might awaken piranhas.
Be aware.
Piranhas are freshwater tropical fish.
In the wild, they only exist in South America.
In slow-moving rivers, backwaters, or floodplain lakes, piranhas generally do not live in either
mountain lakes or streams. Water is too cold and flows too fast. Piranhas generally do not
attack humans or large animals unless they are already dead or injured. During the dry season,
however, when food is scarce, piranhas can be more aggressive. When driving cattle across a river
suspected of containing piranhas, farmers will sometimes sacrifice a sick or injured animal
downstream before letting the herd enter the water. Now the final piece of advice, Matt,
uh-huh don't cross the river in South America don't go near the piranhas and
if you have to bring a gun all right dynamite dynamite hey thank you for that
helpful piece of advice just in case I should ever find myself in a piranha
infested river appreciate it all right from piranhas to turtles
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutant Melee is coming out on Xbox, GameCube, and PC.
It actually, it isn't coming out, it just came out this week. It is by the same
folks, by the way, who did Dance Dance Revolution Ultra Mix, the folks in
Konami Hawaii actually put this game together. It is kind of, I guess if you
really wanted to roughly describe this game, it's Mario Party with Ninja Turtles.
Not just the Ninja Turtles though, 16 other playable characters
Casey Jones, Shredder, et cetera, et cetera.
Rated T for teens. It's a budget game, $19.99.
It would make me happy if it has a soggy Yojimbo in it.
I don't have the list of characters, so no idea.
But you know, I think it's weird that there's all these Mario Party knock-offs,
yet I have yet to play one
as good as Mario Party. And they have Mario Party Advance now too.
mmm I saw that store very curious about Mario Party 6 I'm sorry yeah I mean like
I've played the sonic one which I didn't really care for I played the crash
bandicoot one which I really really didn't care for I played the Namco one a
little bit which was and so I think just leave it to the folks who do it best
thank you lastly a little story on halo 2 I think this is interesting on a
Korean Xbox website the official Korean Xbox website it says coming soon and it
calls this game the x-pack which is a halo 2 expansion pack hmm no comment
officially yet as to what this might mean for American audiences Canada will
it first. But wouldn't that be interesting you know you get all these
people to buy this game and a lot of people were saying that the ending to
Halo 2 was a little lacking on final geez surprise now you got to spend
another $20 on the expansion pack to really finish the game. I tell you Canada
is gonna have it before we do because remember they got the crystal Xbox.
Oh that's true. They get all their neat stuff there first. That's true. Their
Christmas bundle came with like Halo 2 and some other really big game where we
got what to like off-road games I know but what FIFA soccer and like some other
thing is tennis I don't know is this something that I know you guys aren't
really huge on Halo but what do you think of this whole expansion back
sucker America into buying the game and then release the expansion pack it's
kind of interesting more fodder for my motion sickness I can't think of any
other companies that do that Maxis I guess that's true I guess it's just part
of the game to bust it out all right well I always assumed they were setting
up for Halo 3 but it'll be interesting if it's an expansion pack they're
setting up for Halo 3 all right I bet I wouldn't doubt it see they're worried
they're worried about one game coming out in that game times players 3 future
Oh, yeah, I'm sure. Hey, okay, that game has the oddest characters ever. I love that game. You're the only fan of that game
I've ever met. I also like Twisted Metal. I do love Twisted Metal that game rocks
All right. I love the giant eyeball game where you know the sky eyeballs. Yeah, I think you're thinking of majors
All right, that's gonna do it for this podcast. Thank you guys for subscribing final thoughts Loki
Um, I wish all MMOs had giant, you know, red skies with eyeballs and lasers flying out
of them.
That's what's really missing from Final Fantasy XI.
Laser beams on their frickin' heads?
Laser beams and floating eyeballs.
But the floating eyeballs, I've got to say this, almost a rip-off of Lord of the Rings.
Almost.
Gettin' close.
Uh, my final thought is, I'm very sad to hear that all my friends who saw the ring too said
it sucked because I was looking forward to it dark Sakura dead puppies aren't
much fun they're not they're not and remember folks robot chicken check your
local listings 1130 on Sundays and I know it's being replayed throughout the
week hilarious hilarious all right have a good one you guys thanks for
subscribing we'll see you next time thanks for subscribing to our podcast
the orange lounge radio to go edition is a proud part of www.orange lounge radio
See you next update!
