Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of March 7th, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming,
and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello everybody, welcome back to our podcast.
Thanks so much for subscribing and supporting our little talk program. We got here dedicated to video games that don't suck
You know, we're just a sideshow to the website
www.orangelaunchradio.com where we actually have a 24 hour a day seven day a week station where we play a lot of
Video game music and especially stuff from Konami's beat mania series or bamani series
I just say as well as DDR etc. A lot of good stuff on there and then other video game stuff, too
it's not just limited to that so check that out and then our live programs we
do throughout the week my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as sky joining
me as always my awesome co-host say hello to Dark Sakura Jamie Summers hi
how are you I'm I have diseased lungs you've kind of got the 80 year old
grandma thing going on right now cuz you're cuz your infection I sound like a
a broken necked ghost well I hope you feel better thank you all right and Loki
is here as well say hello yes I am eating my five pounds of gummy bears
gummy bears stronger than the average bear no actually these things are like
crack I mean honestly I got to put them down because otherwise I will feel sick
and cuz for some reason your body does not like five pounds of gelatin inside
throwing up gummy is no fun either so I've heard anyway let's get into it we're
gonna get to some gaming news but let's talk about what's going on in our gaming
world lately dark Sakura what kind of games you've been playing this week
Tekken 5 Tekken 5 Tekken 5 and Final Fantasy 11 how's Tekken 5 going it's
awesome but Mishima Jinpachi is a bastard so really quickly tell me the
best thing about Tekken 5 the worst thing about Tekken 5 well it's always
been Jin. The worst thing? Jin Pachi. Somehow I knew that was gonna be your
And his stupid gut fireball. Yeah, see, I would agree. I would say the best thing about
Tekken 5, Anna Williams. Worst thing about Tekken 5,
Jin Pachi's fireball. Cheap move, cheap. That's like stomach flatulence. And it
takes off like three quarters of your life. What's up with that? And then Julia is
like sucky to dodge it. Yeah. I somehow, I found the way, the best way to beat him
with Julia is just keep just pounding on
just keep pounding on doing it pulling
off a bunch of combos on when I won but
I can't play Julia the way I did on tech
and three because they should just run
over run over run over she doesn't do it
anymore
hmm not the same way she did because I
am super cheesy with her but Jin I'm
very happy Devil Jin has his old moves
very cool happy have you played a lot of
the arcade mode where you earn the
points so you can customize your
character that's what we've been doing
Because we've got Eddie Gordo, we have Panda, um...
Do you like, though, how they have... Have you played a lot of one-player arcade?
Because it has, like, the made-up names that you play against, so some of them are really funny.
I don't think we did that. No, we just were doing story mode.
Check it out, because if you play one-player arcade, you get to play against, like, fake personalities.
Like, it's a real arcade. It's really funny, some of the names. Pretty cool.
I do like seeing the Roger Jr. Mokujin conversation. That was funny.
Oh, Mokujin. I missed that guy. He was cool.
He's in it.
Is he? Oh, I just haven't unlocked him yet. I've only unlocked a couple characters.
I've been playing a lot of Tekken 5 this week as well.
He talks in woodblock language.
You ever hear woodblocks, like in Marching Band?
Yeah.
That's what he sounds like.
Oh, that's funny. It's cool because in Tekken they all have their native languages.
That's funny that Mokujin has a...
And, of course, Roger Jr. is hanging out in a mommy's pouch, speaking kangaroo.
What does kangaroo sound like? Care to demonstrate?
No.
Alright.
Um, we, Loki, what have you been up to this week in the game world?
I've been playing Final Fantasy XI, and I've been playing, um, well, I tried playing some Neo Contra, but for some reason it wasn't working.
And then I played, um, some actually, some arcade stuff. I played Alien vs. Predator all the way through.
And, um, I also played the guy game.
Yeah.
You're just determined to see as many boobs as possible, aren't you?
I think I've got- RAN OF PORN! It's not about the fact that there's boobs in it, that's not really
the point.
It's a fun party game, and the trivia is a lot of fun. It's like Trivial Pursuit
with boobs, I mean...
Mario Party is a fun party game. No. The guy game
is boobs. It's a good trivia game, honestly, I mean, because there hasn't been a good
You Don't Know Jack game for, you know, the home console system
in a while, so this'll have to do.
That's what I was looking for, thank you.
As for me, this week I've been playing, well Tekken 5 as well, but Jamie already mentioned
that, so I will mention I've been playing a lot of Final Fantasy Dawn of Souls, specifically
Final Fantasy II.
I've been trying to just get further along in that game.
I decided I was going to force myself to take a break from Final Fantasy XI this week because,
you know, I'm ODing on it, honestly, and it's getting stupid, so I need to take a minute
to play some other games. So Final Fantasy 2, which, yeah, I go from one Final Fantasy
to another, I know, big, big wow, right? But I figure, you know what, I spent the money
on Dawn of Souls, I oughta, you know, check it out and play it a little more. So, cause
I kinda gave up on Final Fantasy 1, cause I was like, eh, I re- I already know this
from the NES, I already know this story, you know, the graphics, okay, I'm done with that
now. But Final Fantasy 2, it's still very fresh to me. I never really got into it, even
when it was translated and out in ROM form on the internet years ago I never
really got into it so now I'm kind of getting into it and it's kind of cool so
that's kind of what I also got to mention the guy game I got one point the
end the game I got zero points because I bet on the wrong girl to win the the guy
check the yeah the guy challenge I guess is what it was where basically they have
to do something stupid topless or whatever so I got it wrong so they
rewards you with some crew member that's some big fat hairy guy that was doing
like sultry stuff and I thought that was very hilarious whatever all right let's
get into some video game news some stuff that's actually going on out there this
week um big news Metal Gear Solid 4 is confirmed it is going to be happening
there was a press event in Berlin to celebrate the release of Metal Gear
Solid 3 Snake Eater in Europe the next game in the Metal Gear Solid series was
confirmed. Although Hideo Kojima always said that Metal Gear was kind of gonna
be a trilogy, of course these games sell very well and they're going to live on.
It's just that Hideo Kojima is gonna step aside in this one. He's just going
to be executive producer. This time Kenichiro Imazumi is going to be
taking over as the title's producer, so we can expect some new things to come
out of Metal Gear. So you're a Metal Gear fan, right? So what do you think about
Hideo Kojima stepping aside you think it's gonna be you know fresh look for
the series he's still gonna have control over the basic elements not gonna let
anything go outside his vision so long as he's executive producer say I don't
feel like producing your stupid idea yeah I think I think it's gonna I think
things will be okay I think it's it's kind of not a big surprise we were
talking about this on outside the box on Thursday night and you know Kojima it
was kind of this next he's been threatening to do it for a while so it's
not a big surprise. Well, look at a perfect example would be look at the Silent Hill series.
I mean, I don't remember the original creator of it, but then you have Akira Yamaoka
stepping up to actually write the series
three and four, whereas someone else is doing
one and two, and he was just doing the music for it. So, it could be a good thing.
I think it is a good thing, actually, because, I mean, he's probably
run out of, not really run out of ideas, but you know, having some
know actual someone else helping to create this it'll be a little bit better
because you know some fresh new ideas can come from it and obviously since
he's still executive producer of it you know it's not gonna just turn into
something awful like that you might see in I don't know a video game movie all
right so we'll see what happens with that I'm looking forward to seeing more
stuff on Metal Gear Solid 4 it needs to have like Dave snake again
I always call the the current solids I always call solids make Dave snake if you ever played through the first Metal Gear Solid
Metal Gear Solid or games I've watched and not played a whole lot of play them a little bit
But not a whole lot Metal Gear Solid 3 was all about big boss
Nothing will trump the original Metal Gear for me the truck have started to move
Now did they mention which console this is gonna come out next-gen probably
I believe it was next-gen. I don't remember. I don't have the story in front of me anymore, but I think it was next-gen.
If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. If you ever want to give feedback, by the way, if you want to yell at us for being wrong or whatever,
you just want to say hello, hi, how you doing, our email address togo, T-O-G-O, at orangelaunchradio.com.
We'd love to answer some viewer mail in the podcast. We haven't gotten anything really appropriate for that yet,
So something to think about if you have a question you'd like us to address on the podcast send it over to go at orange
not ready to calm
ESRB the entertainment software rating board they have introduced a brand new rating
You know how games are rated very similar to movies. They have ratings such as childhood EC
everyone e
Teen T mature am a very rare adults only but you probably see that in the guy game
Okay, but now they've got a brand new rating, they just unveiled a new rating, it's called
E10 Plus.
It's gonna categorize those games that may not be necessarily family-friendly, but they're
not quite really worthy of a T rating as well.
So Donkey Kong Jungle Beat would be an example of a game that would get like an E10 Plus
rating because it's kinda not really for everybody per se, but it's not really a game that needs
to be teen rated either.
So, thoughts on that?
It's called They Should Rate It.
Parents, do your research!
Do your job.
Do you think the rating system does its job?
The only good that comes of it is giving an overall indicator, so that if a parent actually feels like doing their job, they can look at the game and get an idea.
where's the rating that's if you're under 17 and you buy this we're going to
see the pants off you or or like this game may cause you to go murder someone
I suppose it's only a matter of time but it kind of ties into another story
that's going on out there which I think is interesting in Arkansas this week
state senator Shawn Womack he's created a bill and what it's going to do is any
retail place, like a shop or whatever, that wants to sell an M-rated game, they
have to display them at least five feet from the floor. Okay, the bill was
introduced March 3rd, and what it would do is it would allow the Arkansas
Department of Public Health to fine any store caught doing this up to $500 each
time they violate the law. So you have to keep M-rated games at least five feet
from the floor so children can't reach them. Good idea, bad idea? Retarded idea.
why it's just a way for them to make money you know first of all it's not
necessarily going to be the stores fault having gone into my fiance's store
plenty of times I see where someone will pick up a game walk around the store
with it and put it on the bottom shelf you know there shouldn't be any reason
that the store should be held accountable for some other poor idiots
you know this yeah this is retarded for example sir I cannot reach the game on
the high shelf can you please get it down for me up there you go got the game
that doesn't stop anyone it's discrimination against short people tall
children it's midget discriminates poor midgets is no one thinking of the midget
gamer and there are very many children midgets want Grand Theft Auto 2 what the
hell and what them what does it matter that they can reach the game the person
that's behind the counter shouldn't be selling the mature game to them anyways
what's it matter the parents should be giving the kids the money by the game
great I was just under five feet and I could reach up and grab something
retarded hello does the senator no idea to be honest here okay violent games I
I don't even see how these can be even close to being equal to like violent movies or violent
TV.
It's just completely like two different things.
They'd be like depicting a piece of art with blood in it.
Oh my God.
It's just really sad.
Well, it doesn't stop there, you guys, because also coming out on the Newswire this week,
three Washington state representatives, Jim McCune, Jim McDermott, and Mary Lou Dickerson,
They co-authored a bill that will hold game companies responsible if a minor commits a
violent act that is seemingly inspired by a video game they played.
That's even more stupid.
That's not fair.
That's just straight up not fair.
They're trying to find a scapegoat because parents don't want to take any responsibility
for what their children do.
The reason why their children are acting this way is because it's their own damn fault.
And I would freakin' pay to have a press conference to announce to all these parents that they're
idiots.
Well, you got the podcast.
Here's your forum.
Parents of America, do your goddamn job.
If your child is a little hellion, spank them.
You know what's wrong with this whole, the United States, is the goddamn balls have left
the judicial system.
Where are the judges out there that go, when these people go, yeah, my kid killed this
kid and he learned it in Grand Theft Auto maybe he learned it because you're a bad
parent I'll tell you what she's on TV every night at seven o'clock judge Judy
thank you watch the news watch the fucking news watch fucking CNN and so
and so killed so-and-so and kids thinking huh I have violent tendencies I want to
on the news it's just ridiculous you know what next thing you're gonna have
al-qaeda suing Microsoft because they learn to fly airplanes in the buildings
from Microsoft flight simulator it's all Microsoft's fault it's always
Microsoft's fault but that's another story okay it doesn't stop there you
guys it doesn't stop there um tonight actually or I should say the night we
tape podcast Sunday Sunday night actually it aired on 60 minutes on March
6th so I'm sure you're gonna be hearing about it more this week as it goes on so
we'll probably follow up with this 60 minutes was going to be airing a segment
and it has to do with the battle between the families of a slain Alabama police
officer I'm sorry actually multiple Alabama police officers and the makers
and the sellers of the Grand Theft Auto franchise because there was a lawsuit
that was sparked by the deaths of three Alabama police officers who were killed
by a teen who said he was inspired by Grand Theft Auto.
Talk about scapegoat.
The game made me do it, mommy!
That's because mommy facilitated him having the game if she was doing her game.
There were plenty of times I wanted games, and my momma wouldn't buy them for me.
Here's the interesting thing.
The arrest of Devin Moore, who is allegedly responsible for the crime, 18 years old.
hangable fucking hang him more allegedly said life's like a video game
you've got to die sometime no I'm sorry games like Grand Theft Auto do not teach
you how to kill games like area 51 teach you how to kill that gives you fucking
you know hand-eye coordination and you get better aim playing some games like
that that's the type of games I'll teach you how to kill is a game like time
crisis or gun game like that. Grand Theft Auto, I push a button and it fires a gun.
I can't just go up and walk up and open a door and throw someone out of a car. That's
not how you go and jack a car. It's not that easy. Trust me, if it was that easy, it would
be happening a lot more often. That David Chappelle skit illustrated it perfectly.
Exactly. It's ridiculous. And to be honest, I mean, you can't even compare them. It's
a fucking game. It's a simulator. Like playing, for example, if I were to play Pilot Wings,
I can't fly a plane, okay?
I can't fly a plane if I'm, you know, playing, you know, a NASCAR game.
I can't race a NASCAR, okay?
If I'm, you know...
Hey, Ridge Racer taught me how to drive.
Okay, if I'm playing Star Wars, I can't fly a space shuttle, okay?
This is, this is the whole point.
Playing DDR doesn't teach me how to dance.
That's for sure.
Playing Karaoke Revolution doesn't make me any better at singing.
Well, maybe a little bit, but not necessarily.
This is the whole point.
Games do not teach you much, they help you improve hand-eye coordination, but you don't
really learn much from them.
I'm gonna sue the makers of Monopoly because I got a bad real estate deal, and it's because
of Monopoly.
I'm gonna sue Parker Brothers for the game of life, because, dammit, I'm not married
and have six children, and I didn't start my life with $20,000.
They totally gave me false hope, although the six children part would really suck ass.
It's like, you know, really...
That'd be a bitch of a mom.
It comes down to, just the whole society out there is just not wanting to take responsibility
for anything.
I'm going to sue the Game of Life for not allowing me to have two blue pegs in the front
of the car, per the instruction manual, and I get called on that too, and that makes me
upset.
Dude, the Game of Life came out a long time ago when that was, like, not hot.
It's not okay!
because it's old doesn't make it right okay I'm serious I'm not I'm being a
little silly here but honestly if we can sue the video game why can't I sue metal
you're solid three snake eater just because I play the game does not mean I
can survive in Vietnam it also does not mean that I can eat snakes
Or tree frogs anyway, let's move on
What a lovely way to follow this up since dark Sakura is talking about, you know parents be responsible for your kids
Here is how a segment for us to give back to the community and dark Sakura is gonna let you know how to better your
Life we call this segment dark Sakura's advice column
And what are you gonna be giving us advice on tonight dark Sakura today's advice is how to escape if trapped in the lion
Oh, this is good number one, but do not run
What where would you run to you're in it's cut like you're in a cage
Number two watch for signs of an attack a low staccato growl combined with eye contact and a lashing tail
Usually indicate further attack is likely number three find a defensive tool
Moving very slowly picking up anything within reach a water bowl bench or anything else that may be used to fend off the charge
4. Back away slowly.
5. Watch for mock charges. A land may make several mock charges before actually attacking.
It will run forward then stop.
Mock charging shows that a real attack is imminent.
6. Yell. Yell as loudly as you can.
Lands are sensitive to noise yelling may discourage further charges.
7. Bend off the attack. Push his paws and head away from you with a nearby object.
8 keep screaming as loudly as possible you know what my thing is huh don't
fucking get caught in the cage just because I played the Lion King game does
not mean I could survive a lion just just because I played zookeeper does not
mean I can moving on let's I think we definitely need to get to a different
topic so let's talk about another industry that ruins people's lives let's
talk about Hollywood for a minute here because you know we love it when
Hollywood and video games cross paths the rock you know the rock from the WWE
right all right well what the rocks cooking up now is that he is spilling
the beans on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart he was on there this week
promoting the film be cool and he spilled the beans that he just finished
shooting a movie called doom oh shit and when asked if the WWE wrestler played a
creature the rock responded no I'm the one as you know which at least the one
no cataracts is the one I'm confused too many words can't he be via like 11 then
he's I want to now who knows if it is if he is the main guy or not because
supposedly some sites are saying that he's playing this character that says
Sarge and the rock was quoted earlier by Empire online by saying without giving
the movie away I play the ultimate blank it'll be great but you don't know I'm
blank the blank parts being censored so who knows what the hell he's doing in
this movie but he's involved with the doom movie and it'll be interesting to
see if that movie is decent like the game or total crap like Alone in the
Dark is you and bull I do not think he's directing it okay thank God there is
hope there's one point to it oh man that guy does not need I just got
Alone in the Dark the other day I got my screening copy from work I still have
yet to watch it cuz my friend is borrowing this weekend to see how bad it
I will come back give my full review on that later on. I'm scared because oh
Man, it's just it's bad, but honestly the rock I think he's gonna be pretty good because he was pretty funny and be cool
At least from the trailers. I've seen he's pretty versatile. He wants to go in the acting career
It looks like and I could see him as like an action star. He was good in the rundown. So I
I'd be willing to give it to him other than like Vin Diesel or he wants to fill
Schwarzenegger's shoes so very badly well actually long as he never runs for
governor well actually if you've ever seen the rundown there was sort of a
passing the torch in that movie where Arnold had a cameo and you know
basically you know I don't know I didn't remember I've never actually seen the
rundown but you know it looked good and my dad said is awesome but yeah did you
know the rock is related to Ricky she and but they're related to the late
Yokozuna I did not know that yeah you do know who would be a better role though
for doom Oh Colgan he needs to do something Oh Colgan man give me a movie
please Oh Colgan needs he needs work he needs work more than you know his
daughter doesn't even work well actually Hulk Hogan's gonna be a reality show I
heard this Lord it's gonna be following him around him and his daughter and it's
gonna be like life as a celebrity or after being celebrity or it's supposed
to be coming on TV. I'm just glad he retired from wrestling. But Hulk Hogan, he needs more work because
goddamn it he's funny you can put him in like something ridiculous like suburban
commando and you know that movie is so bad but still you can watch it and enjoy
it that's the whole point it's it's fun it doesn't have to be good to be fun. Mr. Nanny.
Fun movies people are losing it they're like they they want to concentrate on
whether movie is good or bad just be fun fun movie all right let's let's move on
to another story here this is the biggest duh not a surprise of the year
Nintendo DS is getting brand new colors in Japan granted right now but it's only
a matter of time kids as far as I'm concerned what colors are gonna be
happening graphite black pure white are gonna hit the streets on March 24th and
on April 21st the DS will come out in turquoise blue and candy pink and no
graphite black one no price increase for this it's cost the same as the standard
colored DS but this is the biggest Nintendo always does this this is no
surprise how many times can you buy the Gameboy before you get tired that's what
I need to know I guess what folks also coming out soon because the DS is not the replacement for the Gameboy the Gameboy Advance 2
That's right. They're working on Gameboy Advance 2 the DS is its own little entity
We've got our thing down there for the great game shooter
So it's great though is you know you have the DS with hardly any games and now when the Gameboy Advance 2 comes out
There won't be any games. This is gonna die off like the freaking I
Don't know Jaguar
Out of curiosity is anyone here gonna pick up a PSP on our launch? I've got one reserved sounds good the great game launcher
I'm on the fence it kind of depends because I have things going on in my personal life
I have to pay for and that's quite a bit of an investment, so if I have
Extra money I want to go
This isn't totally about video games
But then I think about I go around at work
and I constantly see people that should be working playing on Yahoo games and so
it kind of makes me think that Yahoo games kind of has a pretty decent impact
on the gaming world or the people around your slackers well that too but I
thought this was worth mentioning Yahoo is actually going to be breaking into
the mobile game area now Yahoo announced that is launched its own game
development studio because it acquired stadion Inc another development studio
and they're going to have this new studio yahoo game studio it already has
of course you know the free multiplayer card and board games they have on their
site now they have they're going to be working on mobile phone games so this
should be interesting another way to waste your time you have to me yahoo
has some pretty addicting games on it every games but you got to admit also
mobile phone games are way overpriced way overpriced true but it's interesting
to see the mobile game world kind of expanding and not just the engage but
you know because they're still going with the engage they won't let that go
I remember the press release they're still they're still working on the engage
like we're not done with the engage yet I'm like yes you are well we're all
past it why can't you get past it there's every serious gamer has said bye
I did the Engage a long time ago but let it go there is a time when they need to
learn to let go I can't wait to see the Engage tent again this year one of our
favorite companies Square Enix Square Enix how everyone say it or as we say
it's Queen X they have the president Yoichi Wada said said an interesting
quote I think that over half our income and profit will be based on network
content including games by 2008 or 2009 so it's very interesting they're kind of
gonna probably be some seeing some more expansion into online gaming as we go on
through the years think that's probably pretty accurate I mean that's kind of a
you know general feel of how the industry is going but I don't know I see
internet's becoming like cable where everyone has it so why not embrace the
future don't worry though they're not gonna let the platformers go you of
course you got Final Fantasy 12 and Kingdom Hearts 2 both not online games
they are their own standalone titles they're gonna be out there as well just
to you know because then they're gonna be huge titles as well and they both
come out yeah and besides where's my new copy of her gets home or guides or
whatever it is. We broke that out the other day and started playing it. I love
that game. I need to bring Ein Honda over. I remember when I first saw Urgeitz in
was it Circus Circus played in the arcade and I thought it was the coolest
thing ever. Alright one more story for you guys tonight and this one's for
Loki because I saw him post about this game on his live journal and I just I
knew I wanted to share this news Nintendo is letting the dogs out on
On April 21st, there's a brand new game coming out, it's called Nintendogs, that's coming
out in Japan on April 21st, however, it's going to be called Nintendogs in America,
I'm sorry, Nintendogs in America is going to be called Puppy Times, that's the working
title anyway, but they are going to release it in America.
When?
When?
No date announced yet, but there's supposedly going to be three packages, there's Shiba
and Friends, Miniature Dashun and Friends, and Chihuahua and Friends.
Dachshund? Yeah, sorry, whatever. I'm not a dog person. I want kitty and friends.
Where's my kitty and friends? You know, I can't wait because I don't even know why
I'd want this. Probably because I'm sad that there's no other games for the DS.
Well, let me tell you what you can do with this. You can you can use the
touchscreen pad. You can call out the puppy's name by yelling in the
microphone. You can yell, stay, sit. There's over a hundred and fifty items that you
can use to entertain the dogs with interesting huh sounds cool I'll have to
get it because my fiance won't let me have a dog because she's afraid of dogs
so here's the other interesting thing about it there's gonna be the three
different packages and they each have five different puppies in it you can
unlock the remaining ten puppies that aren't available by default in your
cartridge by playing the game and communicating with other owners of the
game like a virtual dog park so that's all going to be using the wireless mode
so it's going to be interesting to see the puppy times using the wireless mode
I also have this game by the way the the virtual dogs and everything will work
even when the DS is in sleep mode that's kind of cool all right that's going to
do it for tonight's podcast everybody thanks a bunch for subscribing to us we
appreciate it any last words dark Sakura puppy Loki wow it's another long pong
podcast over 30 minutes yeah well we rock well I just we've just got a lot to
say I guess that's my final thought we've got big mouths but thank you for
listening to it once again watch robot chicken if you haven't yet see apple
seed if it's nearby and when your theaters cuz it's an awesome movie and
and kick an ultra-kade machine.
Kick an ultra-kade machine.
Thanks for subscribing, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Thanks for subscribing to our podcast.
The Orange Lounge Radio to Go edition
is a proud part of www.orangelaungeradio.com.
See you next update!
