Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of March 14th 2005 and now the Orange
Lounge Radio To Go Edition your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and
music gaming and all the news on video games that don't suck and now here your
hosts Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki. Hello one more time everybody welcome to the
Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your home for all that news on video games
that don't suck and well some that do because it just sneaks in there sometimes.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, my awesome
co-hosts, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Sakura.
Sakura.
Sa.
Sa.
Hi.
Say hello also to Loki.
I am referred to as a tsunami to these gummy bears.
How so?
Because I've already eaten so many of them and taken their lives.
I see.
Three pounds down since last week.
That's a lot of gummy.
Have you thrown up gummy yet?
Nope.
Alright.
Alright.
Um, let's get into it.
What kind of games you guys been playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
I played a little Final Fantasy XI, like maybe for 10 minutes.
I don't know, I did some significant play earlier in the week.
Lots of Tekken 5. Got to see all the endings now.
Ganryu's ending is hilarious.
That's really it.
Alright, so a little more Tekken 5 for Dark Sagra.
Jamie! Or, sorry, Loki!
Parodius, I've played that for a little bit on the main cabinet, and the rest of the week
was just Final Fantasy XI. Lots and lots of Final Fantasy XI.
Same old theme going on. Why Parodius?
I don't know. Why not? I played Aliens vs. Predator last week, and I'll play probably
another game, because I have to get my money's worth out of this cabinet. And to put it this
way, that's $3,000 worth of quarters.
Alright, I decided to treat myself to some new video games this week, so I went out shopping
the other day and I picked up a copy of Zelda Minish Cap, because I've been meaning to get
that for a long time, so I have that for my DS now.
And yes, I know that Minish Cap is a Game Boy Advance game, but you know what?
My DS is my Game Boy Advance right now, because it doesn't need up batteries like the Game
Boy Advance does, because you just plug it in and all that.
So I'm loving the Minish Cap right now, I think it's a great game.
I love the 16-bit Zelda game, of course, Link to the Past, so I think that Minish Cap kind
of invokes a lot of that old stuff, but the cool thing is, they take a lot from like Ocarina
of Time, like they take a lot of the music, they take some of the new enemies that were
in there like the Deku nuts and stuff like that, they show up but in 16-bit form, and
I just think that's so cool.
And I like the puzzle element of turning small and all that stuff.
Pretty good game.
I also picked up, because it was only $10, because it's kind of an older game now, but
picked up a copy of Phantasy Star online on the Xbox because I guess we just
needed a new MMO to talk about on this program and I know Jamie used to play
PSO a long time ago but you stopped right. I think I just hit V-Hard so if you want help leveling I've got
people who will help you level. Okay. I mean and we've got stuff for you we have Al
I'll wrap these, which you're not supposed to have, oooh.
Alright, sounds good, maybe, maybe.
So, I just, I kinda liked Phantasy Star Online because it reminds me of a 3D Diablo.
That's kinda why I like that game, so, I don't know.
You know, I thought about playing it again because I actually do have it for the Dreamcast,
but I gotta cheat, because that's what I do.
That's the only way you can play games, is to cheat.
Don't you think that cheating in MMORPGs is unethical?
Nope.
Alright, well, we'll start off some gaming news tonight with some news about an MMORPG blizzard
Said they were gonna do this for a long time. They finally did it they closed over
1,000 accounts related to gold farming on World of Warcraft and
character sales
Blizzard says over the recent weeks
We've been investigating the activities of certain individuals who have been farming gold in order to sell it in exchange for real-world currency
currency. After researching the situation, we have issued permanent suspensions to over
1,000 accounts that have been engaging in this practice. We do not condone such actions
and will take decisive action as they are against our policy and damage the game economy
as a whole. 1,000 World of Warcraft players get in the boot, which should hopefully speed
up some of those servers. So, I don't know. What do you think about this? Loki, I know
you have a strong opinion on buying stuff in-game with real money.
I don't have a problem with it, but I think it's a good idea, you know, why not?
That Square Enix is always threatening, oh, we're gonna do something!
You watch, one of these days we're gonna do something!
Well, didn't they ban, like, 700 people?
But that was more for harassing players, right?
No, it wasn't 700 people, it was 80 people, 80 people, 80, over, and this is over, like,
you know, what, 24 servers?
No, wait a minute, I thought it was, like, 800, and then when you went across the number
of servers there were it was like maybe 20 people a server or something no it
wasn't anything weird and all the guild sellers are still there oh yeah
interesting and and and they're they're you know raising the auction house taxes
because that would stop inflation has done nothing it's like they have no idea
how to control their own damn game dark Sakura any opinion you have on buying
and selling? I wouldn't do it, honestly. I'd just make- I'd just, you know, be all cute
in-game and have people, oh I feel sorry for you, here's money. So you would like
to be the equivalent of an MMO bum, or you just, you know- No. I- I'm actually- I'm
actually going to stop selling my crystals so that I can make lumber and
give people wood. There you go. You know, I was thinking, um, you know, if you got
desperate you could start turning tricks and MMOs for you know DeNiro but that's
what's already going on in Sims Online from what I understand is that Sims
Online just turned into a giant Vegas so that's why nobody's really playing it.
They don't have emotes for that yet in Final Fantasy 11. What? Turning tricks? Yeah. Just you wait.
Slash pizza was only the beginning for these MMOs. All right also in gaming news
of course the game developers conference was this week so a lot a lot of news
coming out all the big three are starting to tease stuff going on with
their systems Nintendo I think dropped a hell of a bombshell although this is
interesting because if you go back and you listen up a couple podcasts ago we
were talking about this exact same thing and sure enough here it is it's coming
true they've announced that the next console the revolution console is going
to have Wi-Fi and I swear I could swear this was just last week when I was saying
it would connect to your DS via Wi-Fi they would be stupid not to put it in
This was months ago that we've announced this. There was months ago that this was going to happen. Also months ago
I mean well we speculated it, but now it's official. Oh come on. We knew this was going to happen
I'm just saying there's a thin line you got to draw there, so
Certainly no big surprise there, but here's the other interesting part again. We've been speculating this for quite some time now
Nintendo's announced that the DS's are going to be going online
online. So just like you go into a Starbucks and you have a Wi-Fi hotspot
type place, even if you have a hotspot in your house with Wi-Fi,
now your DS can get on the internet. But I thought those spots you had to pay for
or you had to have like some sort of password to get into them. Well Nintendo, now we don't know the
details on this yet so maybe this could change
but Nintendo is saying right now this is going to be a free service
and you know what if it's just using the internet that's already there, hey.
Guess who's got Wi-Fi at home? There you go. So you're going to be able to use the DS on the internet.
Very first game that's gonna support this, Animal Crossing DS, which makes a lot of fanboys and girls of that game very happy because a lot of people have been saying since that game first came out,
I should be online, forget, and we were all in Animal Crossing, I know all three of us were really all up on that game when it first came out. Loki of course was cheating on it to the best of his ability.
I was only utilizing an error that they made in their game programming okay I did not use
any sort of codes I just found a way to duplicate items okay I remember like hey Jamie you're
going out of town let me borrow your village so I can get your villagers to say shit and
fuck that's right I remember that and I remember I was so mad with my town lesbian left that's
right what was her name olivia no olivia was the pretty white cat there's oh man i don't
know but um remember i even made made the sign to hang outside of her house i loved
how you can make the signs on it i loved how you can make the signs i'm just gonna be scared
because you're gonna have people vandalizing your towns and shit this is gonna be crazy
you're gonna have like you're gonna have animal crossing gangs i am kidding you not they're
They're going to be flashing their gang colors, and there's going to be gang signs.
People are going to get tagged.
I would think...
You're going to get hackers out there?
It's crazy.
I would think, and I would hope that Nintendo is already one step ahead of you in the planning
of this game, and they'll make it, because Nintendo's always been a very family-friendly
thing.
So they don't want any old person going into some seven-year-old's village and starting
to make the townspeople say, you know, fuck me silly, you know, things like that.
So I would think that there's going to be something set up where you will have to grant
permission to only trusted individuals to enter your town.
I would imagine.
Yeah.
Loki's screen name is going to be Free Candy Jesus Juice.
Do you remember what my island was called?
I think it was like Big Tits or something.
Yeah.
And what was it like, God, what was my town called?
It was like something cock.
It was like Big Cock or Monster Cock or something.
Big Cock, yes.
And, and, note the great thing, though, is I am going to take, you know, and shrink it
down to, you know, the pixel size goat's aim, and I'm going to put it all over the place.
Oh god, get a life.
Get a life.
It'll be fun!
You will be denied access to my village.
But this is, this is just going to, I, I can't even think of the implications this game is
going to have.
be a very exciting thing I think. I can. I'll be bored. This game is coming out the day
after my birthday, or it's coming out the same week. Do you think that this was done
to kind of one-up the PSP right before its launch date? PSP said it's going to be online,
but honestly, I think we're going to see the PSP is pretty much just Xbox Live. It's been
like this whole thing DS vs PSP has been like this big cock-waving competition where it's
like oh yeah well the DS is gonna come out first whack oh yeah well the PSP is
gonna show movies whack oh yeah well the DS is gonna be online whack oh yeah so
it's a PSP whack it's just you know continuing you know yeah but where
there's going to be 18 titles for launch on the PSP if that's 15 or 18 Nintendo
is only coming out with like one game I know that's really DS's weakness but
Nintendo they've always been good at this when their game comes out their
game is just oh we're also though they're doing and then we're gonna do
the Game Boy Advance 2 or SP 2 or whatever no Game Boy Advance 2 and it's
because the DS isn't the adult system it's being marketed in Japan as the
system for adults I wouldn't get that impression that says maybe in Japan but
here because he knows you know zookeeper whoo that's an adult title hey actually
since it's basically just a ripoff of bejeweled I see tons of people that I
work with wasting their day away playing bejeweled instead of working my dad so
so they think about slaggers all right um speaking of Nintendo they always have
that one game that comes out that makes you have to buy their system so dark
Sakura if you have a moment I'd like you to come over if you can bring your
microphone because Dark Sakura is probably the only gamer on the planet
that has not seen this this week yet it's the brand new Zelda trailer from
the GDC so I'm gonna give a running commentary of what's going on the
trailer and we're gonna get Jamie's live reaction so here is the brand new Zelda
trailer which I know doesn't make for great radio it maybe it'll help you
relive some memories here so here it is so of course it starts off rating
pending. Legend of Zelda. There's Link looking all manly and swimming around in a very nice
looking water scene. And then just some lighting. No. And then Link saving a kitty. He has kitties!
And then just a very scary statue thing. Some more fighting at night. And then Link riding
a horse. Look at how great this looks. And some like boar looking creatures in the game
Is it Epona?
It wasn't Epona, was it?
It might have been.
It's the morons.
And then the skeleton creatures.
And then some more fighting in the underground.
Some scary ghost creatures.
I swear this is just like Ocarina.
Yeah, but it's like way better looking.
And look at this, riding the horse and fighting at the same time, fighting creatures.
And then of course Goma shows up in every game.
Some more fighting.
And then there he is riding one of those boar-type creatures, just some fighting with a kind
of interesting freeze when he hits something and then of course the wolf thing at the end.
So that's the new Zelda trailer.
There's a lot that they took from Wind Waker as well, so I noticed a lot of that stuff
too that they have adapted from it.
This is the game they should have put out instead of Wind Waker.
It is!
That's what I've been saying.
Wind Waker wasn't a bad game though.
It wasn't bad, but you know, it just wasn't that, I mean my god, it's like Nintendo's
been having their ace in the hole for this whole time, because you remember that old
demo that showed Zelda running on the G and it was like a real-life Zelda it's
probably what that's turned into is this game it's beautiful so you got to see
that for the first time would you think exactly that was my reaction to and I'm
sure a lot of folks those you guys that want to download the trailer for
yourself tons of gaming sites out there have it just look around on some of the
big ones you will not have a problem finding that trust me all right um let's
talk about one other console real fast Sony PlayStation 3 rumor is they're
gonna show it next week but we didn't see anything yet who knows but we will
be seeing it for sure at e3 in LA later on this year so that's all we know so
far about what's going on with PlayStation 3 so they're kind of whereas
Nintendo and Xbox are kind of showing off what they've got we'll talk about
Xbox a little bit PlayStation 3's keeping some of it to see they've taught
you you've heard some of it but no he's got a lot under the hood that's what
I've been hearing a lot of time. I think I think they're basically keeping it under wraps
And then you know Xbox look at what we can do in the ps3. It's like yeah, but look at this
Booyah served
All right
We're gonna get to a segment
Called what do we have a name for this? I don't know, but dark Sakura
Oh, yes, dark Sakura's advice column and dark Sakura is gonna better your life with some advice and
Yes, very usable advice and if you're feeling a little, you know, tingly after
thinking about that Zelda trailer all over again, here's some
of Dark Sakura's advice to put you in a more clear state of mind. So here we go.
And what is your advice column about tonight? Today's piece of advice is how to
control a runaway camel.
Number one, hang on to the reins but do not pull them back hard enough to stop the camel.
Yanking on the reins can tear the camel's nose or break the reins.
2. If the camel has sturdy reins and a head halter, pull the reins to one side to make the camel run in a circle.
3. Hold on until the camel stops. Whether the camel is running in circles or straight, it will not run very far. Simply hang on until the camel slows and sits down.
Of course, you know what my final piece of advice always is in these situations?
What?
Don't get on the fucking camel!
Yeah, don't get on the camel. All right.
Thank you very much for that advice.
We're gonna start a new segment here on the Orange Lounge Radio Podcast and we've been meaning to get into this for some time,
but just recently we've been starting to get a lot of good emails on our feedback address.
it's to go at orange lounge radio.com so if you want you can send us an email
there and it's our mailbag so we're gonna answer an orange lounge radio
feedback email on this podcast right now so we're gonna queue up some familiar
feedback music here for those of you guys listen to the three-hour show all
right let's dig into the orange lounge radio mailbag all right I can from New
Jersey is writing us I subscribe to you to go because I normally don't have time
to listen to your regular show all the time understandable that's why we
created this and I have an iPod so I thought this would be the next best
thing and it was it is good how you talk about games and all and I enjoy
listening to it in the car but one thing I'm just asking or suggesting could you
guys please talk about music games more I see you have the name orange lounge
but I don't hear much on music games talk about upcoming events and things
going on with the DDR or music game community because I'd really love to
to hear more about it. Thanks, Ken. Well, thank you for the email, Ken. We appreciate
that. Um, wow, what can we say on this? You know, Orange Lounge Radio was started as a
music game, rhythm game, and all that such, um, you know, everything from DDR to Parappa
the Rappa, 2DX, our station was really founded on that. Um, but, you know, as the station
has kind of progressed over the past few years, we've kind of started evolving into wanting
to take on the bigger picture and that is really kind of what we tagline this
podcast with the video games that don't suck we don't want to be the folks that
are talking about you know Madden and not that these games suck they're
respectable games but we just we want to speak to those of a different gamer
crowd the ones that aren't you know necessarily playing those games that the
media is shoving down your throat and everything so we still have our three
hour talk program on Sunday nights live on orange laundry to calm and that is
the show that is dedicated still to music games and us as well. And believe me, if there
is really big music game news, we're going to mention it on this show, because we always
do respect DDR. We did talk about the DDR with Mario a few episodes ago, you know, In
the Groove having a home release and things like that. Remember that DDR hasn't had, DDR
itself hasn't had a whole lot of news recently, outside of the song packs continuing to come
out for Ultramix and things like that. But believe me, when we get word of new console
releases of DDR, they will be all over this podcast, as well as on our three hour show
in more depth. Anything you want to add to that, DarkSakura?
There's really only so much we can talk about. Well, I played Poppin' music yesterday.
Right. You know, there really isn't much new to come out, and honestly, our listeners are
into, we are not, as far as video games go, we are not just Bimani fans too. We love our
games. You know, and if anything new happens to happen, of course we're going to cover
it, but it would be nice if something new would happen.
So, you know, we totally understand your desire to want to hear about music games. We're not
trying to, you know, disrespect you or anything, because we really, really respect music games.
But just understand that the podcast, and this is for everybody out there, the podcast
This is really something that we're trying to make dedicated more towards those other
games that we're into besides Bomani, but of course we're always, always going to mention
because we're gaming fans first, Bomani fans second, really.
That's what this is all about.
So, anyway, enough rambling there.
Again, if you have an email you want to send to us, togoatorangeloungeradio.com.
Loki, I didn't ask if you had anything you want to add to that, too.
Nah, not really.
I guess we kind of hit on it, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, here's a story you had actually posted on the orangeloungeradio.com website where
where we do talk about a lot of general gaming news.
Xbox Next, or you know,
that's kind of the project name right now,
it's also been referred to as Xenon,
who knows what this is gonna be called for sure.
Some of the specs is coming out on this.
Very interesting, you can read the specs on our site,
orangeonsradio.com.
Very interesting stuff.
Xenon CPU has three 3.0 gigahertz PowerPC cores.
Each core is capable of two instructions per cycle
and has an L1 cache with 32 kilobytes for data,
blah, blah, blah, all this technical stuff.
Loki, can you sum up what this all means here?
Means it'll look pretty.
I guess, basically.
More or less, it'll just run better.
What they're basically doing is,
instead of having one processor dedicate everything,
they're just separating it.
I thought this was interesting.
They're taking it into a Mac.
I thought this was interesting.
It sounds like they're wanting to build a camera into this.
They're saying that it will have a USB 2.0 camera.
capable of 1.2 megapixel still shots and VGA videos. Photos can be used in game for gamer
profiles.
I don't know if it's going to be built into it. It might be an attachment that's packaged
with it. I doubt they would actually put a camera in the system. That'd be a little weird.
You know, a lot of what they've been talking about in their GDC thing this week is they've
been using the HD era term. It sounds to me like they're really going to market this next
system to really be for those people that are jumping to the next level and getting
those HDTVs and kind of that, you know, next level of, I guess, pictures and television
watches.
Yeah, honestly, do you really need widescreen? I have, I listen to people bitching every
day about, eh, widescreen, there's bars on top and bottom, I don't like it!
That's because people are idiots.
Yes, they are idiots, but you know what? They make up most of the United States, and that's,
And sadly enough, that's what kind of people are talking about here, these HDTVs are not
cheap by any means, and to be honest, I mean, you're really not missing much.
You're really not.
But you know what, hey, go out and buy the expensive console systems, you know, for example,
to be exact with this, I remember when I got my CD burner from my computer, the very first
one.
I spent $300 on it.
$300 on a CD burner!
how fast it was four speed I can buy a 52 speed burner for 50 bucks now
perfect example I see these fries for $25 okay $25 a perfect example these
TVs thousands of dollars right now yeah I'll give it a year they'll be not just
yesterday I was looking at Best Buy at these TVs I'll say my god these are so
expensive but by Christmas I'll bet you that'll be the big thing they try to
push this Christmas this HD TVs and they'll come way down and everyone's
selling TVs now. Gateway, Dell, that's crazy. Anyway, also along the Xbox next, their next
system, they're going to be changing up the dashboard in Xbox Live. It's going to be built
from the ground up. It sounds like they're going to do a lot more of these, like, purchasing
these items for use in-game. Maybe, like, pennies at a time, things like this where
you're going to be able to buy stuff. The new dashboard will have this prominent spot
where it will feature slots for both games, and also digital media you can buy through
the Xbox. That should be very interesting. So it sounds like they might be trying to
make this new Xbox a multi-purpose console. Buy movies online? Betcha that's what they're
going for. We'll see though. Will I be able to hold it up to my head and talk into it
like a phone? No, what you want to know is, can you install Linux on it? Well, that's
a yes, because you can install Linux on everything. In fact, today I was just reading online you
installed Linux onto a GBA surprise surprise it's coming alright speaking of
Xbox you know they had a big game out last year called fable well news coming
out this week let's make it short it's coming out for the PC as well and it's
gonna be called fable the lost chapters and of course the title would make you
think that it's gonna have additional content not found in its console
counterpart and that would be correct there's gonna be more quests more
regions more story new armor new weapons that that are all on your PC and that
story kind of makes sense because you know it was pretty cool I'd actually
play it on PC I haven't gotten a chance to get really into it but I think it is
the kind of game I would pick up on the PC and I applaud Microsoft for finally
releasing a game like that on the Xbox because it badly needed it they had to
program it in where the villagers would eventually kick you out of their town if
you stay too long I just like because you could eat before you could have
actually settled in a village huh I like you know what I like about that game is
the fact that you can be a gay straighter bi in it and you can like
actually date men if you want that's kind of funny to me all right um it's
like the Sims all over again there's going to be a tour going around US
colleges in March and April it's gonna be touring 25 US campuses it's called
game live and basically they're gonna be bringing a ton of Xbox consoles plasma
and high-definition televisions to all these colleges California Georgia
Michigan Iowa Washington all these places basically it's just an expo to
try and get college kids to get sucked into these games so they'll buy them
basically if you want more information on this visit the official website it's
www.gameliveevents.com it is going to be a strictly kind of Xbox promotional
it looks like so something to keep in mind that's all right that's all right
you know I used to be so anti Xbox I really was when it first came out but
you know what it is it's because of the narrowed kind of games it had but now I
think Xbox has a respectable library behind it Xbox had just already a future
that's true but it wasn't enough you know it wasn't it wasn't a legend of
Zelda it did not have Katamari Damacy that's true it still does not have
Katamari Damacy something to think about one more story for you guys and we're
gonna call it a podcast GDC there was a panel at the GDC and it was um studying
the female gamer it was called in particular counting women the dollars
and cents behind female gamers and I knew Dark Sakura might have something to
say on this one I don't think there was anything bad here there was just kind of
an interesting hypothesis here as to why women don't prefer games as much as men
do and they kind of hypothesized that perhaps it's because men watch less
television and women are watching more television because you'll notice the
television programs are more aggressively going after women like
Desperate Housewives American Idol say what you want I realize you can't put
everybody in a certain bin but you know kind of the big picture what do you
think what do they need what in your opinion as a gamer girl what do they
need to do to get more women to play need to have more prissy froufrou games
I guess cuz I don't know oh come on surely you can't suggest that we're
gonna have Barbie dress up see I'm not I'm not really a typical woman I'm not
into stupid girly bullshit you know I actually think for myself first of all
and don't let Dan boss me around that would be them and I don't watch TV I
don't watch TV like at all I don't go off drooling over whoever this cute
actor is I mean I'll think he's attractive but I won't like have
obsessions about somebody you know Orlando Bloom oh my you know my poor
thighs or something. I'm sorry Orlando Bloom does not give me the screaming
thigh sweats. Another interesting, and tell me what you think about this dark
Sakura, an interesting thing here of suggesting that the popularity of the
iToy which sold you know well over 3 million units in 2004, they're saying
that was largely due to the female market and its attraction to the device.
You think so? First of all I always thought the iToy was pretty stupid. Is
Is that because women like to look at themselves?
Honestly, I think, I really do not, I guess, think like the typical woman does.
But that's why we love you.
It's a lot of the disgusting, the things that just disgust me in general.
You know, I can understand doing girly things. I have my girly moments.
But the people who are like that all the damn time.
Like, my friend's sister, who was such an expert at MAC makeup by herself that they
let her work at the counter.
Yeah, I'm not kidding either.
She has a room dedicated to her makeup.
I know guys that could sadly probably run that counter as well.
But, you know, she'll watch her husband play Halo and go, oh, yay, dumb.
But I don't think that she really plays anything because there's nothing on the market that
would appeal to her so you suggesting that the Xbox release Mac makeup no but
they can do I think that the sim games are more attractive overall because you
know especially things with customizable things and I do have to say that my
whole fascination with wrestling games is customizing the characters and making
my own wrestlers and stuff and making it as silent and bloody as possible and
designing their outfits while I'm at it you know and I kind of a little girl and
did kind of screw up my room on final fit my mock house on Final Fantasy 11
because I wanted to decorate it so now it's I have elements stylish you know
and I can't wait to see your house in Animal Crossing DS might I say you saw
my house I did I had the shrine to fire that was hilarious
remember Jamie's house Animal Crossing you would go downstairs and then she
had like the music playing and there was just this huge campfire like huge
bonfire artifacts in my downstairs room not my upstairs room was like colonial
and downstairs I had like my bonsai collection I had every bonsai I had all
the instruments I had taiko drums two of them and in the background little CD
player going and I had the bonfire in the middle of my of my room there Dan
had an arcade see Animal Crossing is a good girl game I think I think it is you
know um another one that's a good everybody are you know mine and Dan's
friends Tina she she still made she maintains our village but we don't play
anymore that's nice that's good so you know I I really don't think that I'm
representative of the female market but I do think you're the best we could find
I'm just teasing but I'm the one who was begging for the whole Silent Hill
collection but I do think that they would have more success with doing I
honestly think that and this is just in dealing with people that I know a lot of
friends that I hang out with are a bit more intelligent than the average American. So
they enjoy challenge, challenging games, puzzles, things that make you think. But the average
person in this country isn't going to want too much of a challenge because they can't
handle it. They're going to want something where, I also think a sim is the best thing
I think for the typical female all right and the party games
There you go advice from our own female perspective there, and you know what give me more silent
He'll you didn't even have to pay $200 to attend a one-day conference to hear it so there you go
You got it for free all right. We got to wrap it up final thoughts times Loki
It would be awesome if they put Martha Stewart as a playable character in postal 3
because she's so hardcore now that she's gotten out of jail my final thought is
don't forget we're gonna be accepting submissions for the kickin ultra Kade
machine gallery that's gonna be on our site soon dark Sakura don't ride a
camel all right guys thanks for subscribing we'll see you next time
thanks for subscribing to our podcast the orange lounge radio to go edition is
is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
