Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, June 29th, 2008, for part B of our podcast.
Remember, Orange Lounge Radio tapes on Sunday nights live on All Games Radio at about 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at www.allgames.com
and then it releases in a podcast form twice a week for your entertainment.
And tonight for your entertainment, Tommy Tallarico is going to be here on Orange Lounge Radio to talk about video games live very shortly.
But first, we're going to talk about some gaming news and I thought since we are going to be talking about music and video games,
how about some music news? Do you have some music game news for us, Loki, you could share?
Yes, I do actually.
Awesome.
There's some pretty interesting stuff we've been kind of hoping for this to actually happen.
But, apparently, a box shot of Samba de Amigo, a bundle with Meraka controller add-ons,
Yes.
has been seen at a UK retailer HMV's website.
Now, I hope they aren't the cheapy-crappy little plastic snap-on things like you've seen for Wii Golf and Wii Tennis, right?
Like, they need to make the shaky Meraka noise.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch when you use them.
It looks like that they have Meraka's on top of it.
I don't know if they make the shaky noise, but I don't see why they wouldn't.
If you're going to do Meraka controllers, do them right or don't do them at all, right?
And it's right now on there for 34.99 euros, which is about $70 US.
And we always like to read comments from Chat, the ever-present fourth guest on our show, at chat.orangelaunchradio.com, live on Sunday.
And J-Rod says simply, Meraka's equals win.
Meraka's do equal win.
What other games could be made better by Meraka's?
Dark Sakura, you think of anything?
Games that could be made better with Meraka's?
Yes.
Um, um...
Soul Calibur? I don't know.
Yes, Meraka Calibur!
Because, remember, I did Rod Calibur.
Yeah, you can do Rod Calibur on the Dreamcast.
Simple to do Meraka Calibur.
There you go.
I've got Meraka's controllers.
Me too, on Dreamcast, believe it or not.
For Dreamcast.
Let's try Meraka's Calibur.
Actually, any game can be played with the Meraka's.
Awesome.
If you think about it.
3rd Bullet suggests Gears of Meraka's.
Gears of Meraka's?
Miso suggests Cooking Mama is better with Meraka's.
The only thing that's kind of weird about the Meraka controller, though, I noticed,
is that, um, where's the infrared gonna come out?
Unless it goes all the way through the middle there.
Because it looks like the top's covered by the Meraka's.
Who knows? Who knows?
Well, one game that will not be made better by Meraka's is a game near and dear to our hearts here at Orange Launch Radio.
It's Beat Mania 2DX.
You know, this series has been around forever.
A long, long time.
Like, I remember when we first started this show.
Probably, like, Sick Style was the hot new thing that was out on the block, I think, when this show started.
I, I think so.
Believe it or not, this week was announced Beat Mania 2DX 16.
And, you know, ever since, uh, I wanna say Happy Sky or Red.
No, Red was the first one.
Ever since, uh, 11th Style or Red, if you will.
Uh, they've been given sub names.
And, uh, let's see, we had, what, 11 was Red, 12 was Happy Sky, 13 was, uh, Distorted, 14 was Gold, 15 was DJ Troopers.
Well, announced this week, Beat Mania 2DX 16 Empress.
That is incredibly gay looking.
Yes, it is.
Hey, wait a minute.
No, it, it really is.
Uh, it's a pink Sailor Moon looking logo, uh, 2DX 16 Empress.
There's a little butterfly hanging off the S, and it's pink.
It is very, very, very pink.
So, you go from the manliness of DJ Troopers to the not-so-manliness of Empress.
But, you know what?
I think the game might still be a lot of fun.
And, uh, there's already, uh, apparently some song names coming out from the test locations.
Apparently one song in Beat Mania 2DX 16 Empress, which, yes, is as pink as the, uh, little banner would have you thinking.
This is all over the internet.
Um, V2 is supposed to be in this game.
A sequel to V by Taka.
One of the most hoarded songs in Beat Mania 2DX history.
If you've ever walked by a Beat Mania or a DDR machine, you've probably read this one.
It actually is a V final from, um, that Taka album that came out.
Ahhh.
There you go.
So, Beat Mania 2DX Empress location testing right now, which means it'll probably be out in Japan in a couple of months.
And you'll probably see the home version in Japan only, sadly, early next year because, uh, they tried to release Beat Mania here.
And, unfortunately, it didn't do too well because people thought it was a Guitar Hero ripoff.
Shame on Konami for sitting on what could have been a gold mine for far, far, far too long.
Well, another potential, uh, gold mine, and this is one that was, uh, sent to us by the lovely and talented Sauce, is, uh, A Rumor of Guitar Hero Beatles Edition.
Which, actually, I think would be pretty cool.
Um...
That would be kinda neat.
I think that more of the young whippersnappers need to hear some Beatles music.
Well, um, the, uh, Sony, um, ATV CEO, uh, Marty Bond, is it Bondier or Bondier, I guess, um, said that what they, they've actually talked about putting Beatles songs in a Guitar Hero game.
And something that you'd like to pursue, and that's a quote.
So...
Maybe...
It could happen?
Wouldn't that be weird if Beatles were in Guitar Hero before they were on iTunes?
Because, you know, that's, like, the big, uh, the big thing.
They never can be on iTunes, I think.
I know, because of the whole Apple thing, but it's just kind of interesting, you know?
Like, eh, what's taking them so long to get on iTunes?
But, there you go.
And big, differing opinions in the chat room.
ThirdBullet says, I hate the Beatles.
Uh, Misty says, Beatles...
You're getting booted from the chat room.
Misty says, Beatles, fuck yeah.
Watch me do it.
This is not a democracy here at O.L.R.
This is a jameocracy.
Who is it, ThirdBullet?
I...
You don't have to ram.
Alright.
Jameocracy?
Jameocracy?
Jameocracy.
Yeah.
Revolution!
Off with her head!
I'm just kidding.
Alright.
Well, um...
I don't know if we're gonna...
Well, we'll probably be getting this before we'll see Beatles on any, uh, sort of system
for it, but, uh, Rockband is getting, um, I guess some tracks from Crewfest, which is
the, uh, Motley Crue tour, I guess.
And, um, they've got a few tracks on here, including a free one.
Um, part of the Crewfest pack, which is gonna be 240 Microsoft points, or $3, you've got
Down at the Whiskey by Motley Crue.
Um, you've got Time is Running Out by Papa Roach.
Uh, Who's Going Home with You Tonight by Trapped.
And also, uh, the free track, Promised Land by, um, looks like Vesuvius, I guess.
And that's supposedly coming from the new movie, The Rocker, which, uh, stars, uh, the
guy from, uh, The Office who plays Dwight.
Yes, I've seen those ads all over MySpace, and frankly, I'm sick of them.
Hey, free track!
It sucks!
Who cares?
Free track is free, so, uh, hey, why not?
It's worth checking out.
Do you think, uh, free track's worth...
I mean, it's not like it's the Yaris theme song, so it can't be all bad, right?
Let's hope.
Alright.
Well, that's gonna do it for some of our video game news, uh, music edition for right now,
but hey, you know what?
Earlier this week, we had the fortune to speak with Tommy Tallarico.
You might remember him from his appearances on G4's Judgment Day, or you probably heard
his music in games like Earthworm Jim, Advent Rising.
Well, now Tommy is best known for his work with the Video Games Live concert series.
Recently, Video Games Live announced an expansive world tour, so we reached out to Tommy to
come on the show to talk about the upcoming tour, as well as respond to some of the recent
emails we've gotten about Video Games Live.
So let's head on over to the Skype line.
Alright, hey, Tommy, are you there?
Yo, I am here!
Hey, Tommy Tallarico, how are you doing this fine evening?
I'm doing great, working as always.
You must be a very, very busy man traveling to all these new places on the Video Games
Live tour.
Do you actually go to all the shows yourself?
Oh, yeah, every single show, aside from, uh, creating and, uh, producing the show every
night we also, um, I also host the show and even play guitar with the symphony towards
the end.
So you've got to be pretty exhausted, because not only are you balancing Video Games Live,
but Video Games Live isn't the only thing you do, either, so...
Yeah, yeah, I mean, aside from my, you know, still working on a few game, smaller game
projects here and there, because VGL definitely takes up most of, uh, 95% of my time, but,
uh, working on a couple DS and Wii and PC products, as well as also the, uh, the Chairman
of the, um, the Game Audio Network Guild.
Excellent.
I definitely want to ask you about the Game Audio Network Guild, but I know the listeners
want to hear about Video Games Live, absolutely, because we've gotten, you know, emails and
calls about it.
Let me ask you this about Video Games Live.
You're going to so many new places on this, you know, 50-date city tour you just announced.
What can someone who has never been to Video Games Live before expect to experience?
Yeah, well, Video Games Live is all the greatest video game music of all time, played by a
full symphony and choir, but what makes it really unique is that everyb- everything is
completely synchronized with, uh, video and rock and roll lighting and special effects
and interactivity with the crowd and stage show production and we have a whole pre-show
festival with gaming competitions and prize giveaways and costume contests and a post-show
meet and greet, which is open for everyone with peo- different people in the industry
and famous composers and designers and things like that.
So it really is a complete celebration of the entire video game industry.
In fact, I kind of like to describe it as all of the power and emotion of a symphony
orchestra combined with the excitement and energy of a rock concert mixed together with
all of the cutting edge visuals, technology, interactivity, and fun that video games provide.
It's kind of like, the way you describe it, it's almost like a traveling convention of
sorts.
There's so much to see at these shows.
Yeah, I mean, we really wanted to create an event, you know?
We didn't want to create, you know, we wanted to create a show.
We didn't want to just create a concert or, you know, oh yeah, here's a bunch of classical
people in tuxedos up on a stage playing video game music.
I mean, you know, and that's great as well, but, you know, people have been doing that,
they've been doing that in Japan for almost 20 years now, so, you know, we wanted to do
something completely new, completely unique, and really, our goal from the beginning was
to create this show for the non-gamer as well.
You know, we wanted to create something that was, had mass appeal, and that you don't have
to know a darn thing at all about video games in order to come to the show and really be
blown away and entertained, and that's why Video Games Live has grown, you know, so quickly
and as big as it has.
We did three shows in 2005, 11 shows in 2006, 29 last year in 2007.
This year we have over 50 shows, next year we have over 80 shows, and the goal is to
build it by 2010 up to 100 and to 120 shows a year.
So yeah, you know, so by having all these visuals, by creating a performance and a production
and an event and a show, it clearly crosses over and has much more mass appeal than just,
you know, a hardcore gaming concert that, you know, that all the Final Fantasy fans
go to or all the, you know, whatever particular items.
We want to appeal to everybody, whether you're into video games or not, and again, that's
not to downplay what all of the amazing concerts in the past have done and continue to do,
but ours is a little different.
Let me go off of that a little bit because you talk about making this concert accessible
to even those that are non-gamers, and I know we have a lot of listeners that are a little
bit younger, 15, 16, 17, it's a little harder for them to just kind of get up and go get
a concert ticket.
What would you say would be the best way to sell a night at Video Games Live to my parents?
Yeah, oh, absolutely.
Well, I mean, of course there's a website, videogameslive.com, and we have a bunch of
trailers on there, and you'll see parents in their 40s and 50s, you'll see grandmas
in their 60s and 70s, you'll see little girls, 7, 8, 9 years old, all saying, oh my gosh,
this was the greatest night of my life, you know, oh my gosh, I've never seen a show quite
like this before, I was really blown away.
I came here because, you know, I was dragged here by my boyfriend or the grandmother saying
I was taking my grandson to the symphony for the first time, and those are the people most
blown away by the production because they're astonished at the quality of music.
You know, again, the reason why I created this in the beginning was to prove to the
world how culturally significant and artistic video games, and of course their music, have
become.
And so the best letters and emails that we get after a performance, they come pouring
in, they're all from non-gamers, they're all from the people who are blown away going,
oh my gosh, I never knew that video games were this incredible and the music was so
powerful and the characters and the storylines were so interesting and intense and the graphics
are so beautiful, I get it now, now I understand why my kids are so much into video games.
Thank you for opening my eyes.
So a lot of times, you know, on the website, we'll put in these comments and we'll put
in, we show all of the reviews that we've gotten for the show and all of the comments
and letters from people and non-gamers, and in those reviews, they all kind of follow
the same thing going, well, you know what, I wasn't into video games, I didn't know what
to expect, but wow, you know.
So it's word of mouth that really is the, I kind of compare us a little bit in that
respect to Cirque du Soleil, in that, you know, the first time people had heard of Cirque
du Soleil, I know I was one of them, I was kind of like, what the hell is it?
Is it circus animals running around, clowns?
I don't get it.
You know, it was only until you saw it with your own two eyes or somebody really close
to you explained it in great detail where you start to go, oh, I get it, you know.
So I mean, yeah, you could watch the 1,500 plus YouTube videos that are on there right
now.
You do a search for video games live and they'll all come up, but, you know, a lot of people
always tell us, you know, I watched all the YouTube videos, but until you're there, until
you're experiencing that magic of being in a room with 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 people all
experiencing it at once, there's, you know, there's some magic that it goes on, you know.
YouTube is never a substitution for anything like this.
Absolutely.
Well, whatever you guys are doing, however the word is getting out there, obviously it's
working.
Video games live, it's coming up on a three-year anniversary pretty soon, if I'm not mistaken.
But based on what you're saying, you know, ramping up to 120 shows in 2010, it's not
slowing down anytime soon.
What would you say, Tommy, is the biggest accomplishment, the biggest thing you've accomplished
from video games live in its three-year history so far?
Well, you know, I think that I had a dream, myself and my fellow video game composer Jack
Wall who also conducts video games live and we kind of, you know, created the show together.
It took us three years to create the show and in the beginning, we started this in 2002
and everyone thought we were completely insane and completely crazy.
So I would say that our biggest accomplishment is, you know, is getting this thing up and
running to the point where, you know, I mean, I could point to certain singular things that
happened like, for example, our first show ever was at the Hollywood Bowl on July 6,
2005 with the L.A. Phil.
Over 11,000 people showed up to that show.
People thought, you know, two or three thousand people were going to show up or whatever.
So I mean, you know, I mean, what an accomplishment to say that we, our first show ever with that
quite arguably the most famous stage in the entire planet, you know?
And there's other things.
I mean, you know, we were the first to play in Canada, the first American concert to play
in Asia, the first to play in Brazil and places like Spain and London, England and, you know,
I mean, there's New Zealand, things like that.
I mean, I could point to a lot of those things, but I just think the idea that this is, you
know, surviving and growing at the rate it is, I think when everyone in the beginning
told us we were insane and crazy and it would never work, you know, that's the greatest
accomplishment for us.
And kind of building on that, because you talk, you've talked about all these places
you've been and that you're the kind of the first video game concert in Canada and the
first concert in Asia and things kind of keep growing.
I mean, through these latest tour dates, you guys are going to Germany, China, Thailand,
Portugal.
I mean, your passport is probably very impressive.
I got to wonder, how do you select the places that you're going to go?
How do you decide we're going to do this in Asia or we're going to go to Portugal?
How do you pick where you're going?
That's a great question.
A number of different ways, actually.
We've now grown to a point where people are now, you know, knocking our doors down trying
to get us.
So, you know, the people in China contacted us and we're going to do, we're doing Beijing
and Hong Kong, multiple dates.
You know, the people from Singapore contacted us, you know.
It's a great thing.
In terms of all the places in the United States, you know, we had a really important show at
the end of April where it was our debut on Broadway in New York City, you know, and a
very important thing for any act or performance.
And we sold out the show three months in advance.
And so that was a huge accomplishment.
What that does is that sends messages to all of the other promoters and cities and symphonies
and buyers of this material.
It sends out a strong message.
And so they start knocking down our doors.
So at this point for us, all we're trying to do is, you know, kind of take all of these
things and put them in at some kind, make some kind of sensible routing or sensible
order and, you know, figuring out, okay, which ones do we pick?
Like for example, if the San Diego Symphony contacts us, oh, hey, let's do it during Comic-Con
in San Diego.
You know, the German promoters contact us, well, geez, let's do it during Leipzig Game
Convention.
Indianapolis Symphony, let's do it during Gen Con.
So we always try to, you know, work in maybe around some kind of conference.
But I'll tell you an interesting story, though.
I got an email from a 17-year-old girl in Taipei, Taiwan.
And she wrote me and said, hey, I would like to get a petition going to bring video games
live to Taiwan.
It would be the very first video game concert ever in Taiwan.
And she asked if she could use our logo and things to start a petition.
And she wanted to make up flyers and pass them on.
I said, sure, absolutely.
And I thought it was kind of cool and adorable, you know.
But two weeks later, she contacts me, and she has an Excel spreadsheet and a link that
I could follow.
And she says, hey, look, been working really hard.
We have over 2800 people who have signed up, signed the petition.
Here's all their email addresses.
Here's the link and all the comments that they've left back.
And I'm like, how the heck do people know about video games live in Taiwan?
And she says, oh, through YouTube.
We all get together and watch it.
It's kind of this underground community thing where they check your show dates.
And then the day after the show, people watch all the videos that people post on YouTube.
And they feel like they're part of the event.
So I pass this information on to one of our booking agents in Asia.
And within two weeks, we got a big promoter.
Because of this girl, we were doing two shows in Taipei now.
That's the cool thing about video games, though, if you think about it, and video game music
specifically, is that you could go, and we've hopefully proven this, you can go anywhere
in the world.
And video games are popular.
You know?
I mean, think about that for a second.
There's not a lot of music out there that you can say the same thing.
Like, for example, the Dave Matthews bands might be super popular in America.
They might sell out 20,000 seat stadiums.
But when they go to Germany, maybe not so much.
Or when they go to Spain, no one knows who they are.
Or Korea, no one's heard of them, right?
And the reverse is true.
European bands try to break you here all the time, and people have no idea who they are.
They just never really catch on.
Exactly.
And the same with Japan as well.
Whereas video games, music.
What a universal thing.
Now, although the game popularity might change from region to region, like in the US here,
we might play Halo as our big grand finale.
But maybe down in Brazil, where the PlayStation is a lot more predominant, and not so many
Xboxes, maybe a game like Castlevania or Nintendo is big down there as well.
So maybe it's Mario or Castlevania down in Brazil, you know?
And so it's really been a learning experience and an eye-opener for me.
To take Brazil, for example, is a great example.
We went down there.
We had three weeks of sold-out shows.
Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo and Brasília, which is the capital.
And they, 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 people a night, screaming at the top of their lungs, you know,
so much so that our front-of-house mixer couldn't even hear the symphony when he was trying
to mix it.
It's like, I hope this sounds good.
I mean, the passion down there for stuff like this is off the charts.
But you never hear about gamers in Brazil over here.
Why?
Because, and you never see Brazil at the top of any, you know, marketing lists or lists
about how many gamers there are in Brazil and this and that.
Why?
Because it's all black market down there.
You know, 99% of all the games that are sold, companies like Sony, Nintendo, and Microsoft
and EA and Activision, they don't even distribute games down there because it's all, or hardware,
because it's all black market.
But because it's so easily accessible and because it's so cheap, there's more hardcore
gamers down there than I've seen and experienced in other parts of the world, you know.
And even, like, down in Mexico, we played a smaller town in Mexico a couple months ago.
It was at the end of March.
We played a 7,000 seat bull ring in Mexico, Mexicali, Mexico.
It wasn't Mexico City, which is the biggest city in the world, which people may not, 30
million people.
And same with Brazil.
We play Sao Paulo.
It's the second or third biggest city in the world, like 28 million people.
But even in a smaller town like Mexicali, Mexico, which I think has a million people,
you know, there were 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 gamers who showed up.
You know, it's funny, Tommy.
One of those people that were there at that concert in Mexicali actually called us that
next weekend.
Oh, really?
Yes.
He's one of our listeners at Deft and he said he had a great time at the show, can't wait
to go back.
And that was kind of leading to my next question, which I think you might have already answered,
talking about the girl from Taipei.
But if there's somebody who wants this event to come to their city or come back to their
city, what do you think is the best way for them to kind of go about doing this?
I mean, I don't know if you want to get a partition from every city, but what do you
think would be the best way for somebody to get this back to their town?
We actually put this in the FAQ on our website as well because we get asked that same question
by so many people.
And the other question that's asked a lot is, how do you pick which music to play for
different cities or countries that you go to?
So it's really a two-part answer.
The first question is, we have a mailing list on the front page, it's Video Games Live mailing
list.
We don't spam people, we send out something maybe once every couple of months, or if it's
coming to your area, we'll geo-target your area to let you know that pre-sale tickets
are going on so that Video Games Live folks can get them before the general public does.
But on that, there's a thing that says, let us know what games you want to hear.
And what we do is we take that list and it spits out an Excel spreadsheet for us for
that area.
So I can geo-target a 200-mile radius around the city that we're going to, and it will
show me, out of all the people who signed up for the mailing list, what they want to
hear most.
So each show we do, we have our standards, if you will.
Every show, we're going to play your Final Fantasy and Halo and Warcraft and Mario and
Zelda and Kingdom Hearts and Sonic and all that stuff.
There's certain games we like to play every single show, although we change them from
year to year.
But then when you start to replay about 20 segments in an evening, that constitutes about
a two-and-a-half hour presentation.
So one night, if we're in France, for example, and the game Beyond Good and Evil was created
by my good friend Michel Ancel at Ubisoft in France, we're going to play Beyond Good
and Evil.
And in fact, or we'll play it like we played in Montreal in February, because that's the
North American home office of Ubisoft.
We played Ubisoft games and had some of the creators there.
It will last, this past weekend we were in Las Vegas, so we did the world premiere of
Command and Conquer, because the game was made right there.
So, yeah, we have, in Asia, stuff like Starcraft 2 and Warcraft 2 hasn't even come out, but
we're already playing the music and the video.
Games like Warcraft and Starcraft are super huge over in Asia, but not so much down in
Brazil because a lot of people are less about PC gaming and more about Nintendo and Sony.
So down in Brazil, stuff like Metroid and Castlevania is huge down there.
So we vary, but we really listen to the fans from that area to decide, and if people want
to bring our show to their city, we also have an email address, info at video games live
dot com, and we collect all those emails and normally someone will get back to you within
24 hours.
Excellent, I hope not only act deaf, but all of our listeners who are hoping to get video
games live in their backyard are successful with that.
Speaking of listeners going to the show, I have to bring this up.
This might be a little silly, but I got to ask it, it's kind of funny.
One of our listeners, DJ Jenai, wrote us on a previous show and he was talking about the
video games live tour stop in Las Vegas, raved about the show, said he had a great time,
but one part that kind of cracked me up is he specifically mentioned that you change
outfits quite a bit during the show.
Are you coordinating your wardrobe to match the games?
I'll tell you exactly, and I'll explain it, and again it's a great question.
I'm Cher up in this motherfucker, no, I'm like Cher, I got to change everything, Madonna,
Britney, no, there's three times, I have two and a half hour performance, I host the show
of course, as I mentioned, and I want to be respectful to the symphony and the people
on stage, but by the same token I'm also, you know, I've been a video game composer
for 18 years, so I might come out in an Armani suit, but I might be wearing, you know, Nike
sneakers and a Spiderman shirt underneath, or a Mickey Mouse shirt underneath, or whatever,
so I don't know what you'd call it, casual, whatever, I don't know, casual talks or something,
I don't know.
But at the beginning I, you know, kind of do that, and then we have a 20 minute intermission,
and I come back and now the shirt's on buttons, the, you know, the coat tails might be off,
we're going to turn on the lights a little bit for this segment, and then at the end
I come out with a guitar, and it would look silly of me to be wearing a suit and playing
guitar, so by the encore I'm kind of in, you know, a little bit more rock and roll gear,
if you will, and so yeah, so I changed three times, once at the beginning to be kind of
more formal, and then it kind of evolves into not so formal.
Alright, well that makes sense, thank you for helping to explain that, alright, it was
a very important question about Video Games Live.
No worries, no worries.
Alright, no, this really is an important question about Video Games Live, a lot of people are
wondering, is there a CD at some point in the future, or some type of digital distribution,
iTunes, question mark?
Absolutely, in fact it's something that was supposed to come out last fall, and then we
held, we kind of, the record company made the decision that they didn't want it to come
out during Christmas, because, you know, Christmas season, because they didn't want it to get
lost and all the, you know, the great games that always come out around that time, so
then we, we're going to delay it to the first quarter of this year, you know, we're thinking,
oh, maybe come out like around, you know, February or March instead, after all the Christmas
hype had subsided, but then we're working on some new great pieces, at the time I was
working on, because a lot of people also, they email us to say, or they'll all talk
to people after the show during the meet and greet, and I always ask, hey, how can we improve
the show, is there something that you want to hear that we don't play in the show, and
I was getting just bombarded by like, you know, Metroid and Castlevania, which we hadn't,
you know, we had done an orchestral version of Castlevania, but I was never happy with
it, because I think, you know, Castlevania music needs to really be like a combination
of symphony and rock and roll, that's how I wanted to present it in my mind, and so
I was working on this Castlevania thing, and I was just like, man, I really want to, I
want to get this on the album, so I asked, you know, I asked EMI, who's one of the biggest
record companies in the world who's putting the album out, you know, I kind of begged
and pleaded to say, hey, could we, you know, could we delay this again and add a couple
more tracks to the album that I think will be really special to gamers, you know, including
this, you know, this Castlevania piece, and they said, yeah, no problem, sure, you know,
so the album is officially going to be released in physical form around the world, too, not
just in America, not just on iTunes, I'm talking about all over Europe, all over Asia, it's
the first time ever that a video game compilation album is being released by a major record
company around the world, it's never happened before, and the licensing, if you can imagine
the licensing, you know, going through companies like Halo, I mean, Microsoft for Halo, and
Ubisoft for Myst, and, you know, Konami for Castlevania, I mean, it got to be, you know,
it was a bit of a nightmare at first, because no one had ever really done anything like
this before, same thing we encountered, that's why it took us three years to get the first
concert in order, because no one had ever done it to the scale and size that we were
doing, but, so, it's going to be released all over the world, July 22nd is the release
date here in America, which we're coinciding, and another reason we wanted to delay it is
because we wanted to, we wanted to launch it at a special, for different special events,
so for example, the reason it's being released in July, that's the week of Comic Con, and
we're opening Comic Con with the San Diego Symphony, right there on the grounds of Comic
Con, right next, at the Embarcadero, on the water, outside shows, San Diego Symphony,
so many special guests, but we're also having synchronized fireworks as well for that show,
and so this is all in celebration as well of our album being released that week, so
we wanted to wait for something big, and that was the one.
In terms of our European release, we're going to do that, we're playing a 7,000 seat stadium
in Leipzig, it's the Leipzig Arena, right there during the Games Convention in August,
so we're going to wait to release the album in August in Europe, you know, have it be
around a big press and marketing event and things like that, and then in Asia, we're
going to be releasing it right around the time of the Olympics, where we're playing
in Taipei in the beginning of August, and that's when we're going to do the big release
there, the very first video game concert ever in those countries, China and Taiwan, so,
but that being said, it's also going to be available for download on iTunes before the
physical release comes out, and it's also going to have special content and special
songs that are not on the physical CD as a kind of a special bonus.
Very cool, and you know, we here at OLR, I think we can all agree we're very comfortable
with you delaying the CD to incorporate Castlevania, because that game is incredible, and the music
is awesome, so we're fine.
It's like when Miyamoto, I worked with Miyamoto on Metroid Prime, and I've known him for many
years, he's such a great guy, and he once told me, you know, when I said, well how do
you know when the game is done, you know, like do you have a schedule, he says, you
know, the game is released when I'm finished with it, you know, and that's why Halo 2 gets
delayed a couple years, Zelda gets delayed a couple years, Half Life 2 comes out two
years, three years later, whatever it is, but you know what, don't you wish all game
companies and game makers and game developers had that same sense about it.
Why is Halo Halo, and Half Life Half Life, and why any Miyamoto product is what it is,
it's because they refuse to let anything out that's not perfect, you know, or the best
it could possibly be at that time.
We feel the same way, we don't want to just rush out an album, we were making Castlevania,
it's like, man, I gotta get this on, it's a really popular track that we love to perform.
And you're absolutely right, in gaming, you know, a lot of people get very frustrated
with these delays sometimes, but you know what, sometimes it's for a good reason.
So you know the funny thing about that too is that you'll notice like people will bitch
and moan like crazy when it keeps getting delayed, and then the second those games come
out, I worked on Metroid Prime, I think we were working on it for five freaking years
or something, with Miyamoto, right?
But the thing you'll notice though is when the game comes out, and it's freaking perfect,
you never hear any complaints ever again about it being delayed, right?
It's very true, everybody seems to forget, everyone seems to forget the second the day
comes out.
Well Tommy, I know it might be a little late for requests for Video Games Live CD Volume
1, but seeing as this thing's going into 2010, I think a Volume 2 is going to be an inevitability
at some point.
A Silent Hill, keep that in mind.
We love Silent Hill here at OLR.
Akira is a very good friend of mine, he's joined us on stage a few times, most recently
in Los Angeles last year during the E4ALL Expo, and we did a big show there, 5,000 people
where we opened the Nokia, it's called, LA Live is the area, but the Nokia Center.
I remember that Tommy, I was in LA, and I wanted to go to the show, I was stuck doing
work, I couldn't do it.
I was so mad.
Well you could have met Akira right there, if you like Silent Hill, he was part of our
meet and greet as well.
Not only Akira, I had him on stage, I also had the creator of Dance Dance Revolution,
and also the dude who created Castlevania as well, Iga, was also part of the meet and
greet there as well.
But yes, Silent Hill, get a little, what do you think, in Laura's theme?
Maybe just the theme from the very first game, that really haunting little melody in the
beginning, and the kind of like, upbeat as it goes through, just the classic, or, I don't
know, I'm kind of partial to the soundtrack for Silent Hill 4, I don't know what my co-host
would say about that, I think they're all about Silent Hill 2, but...
You know the tough part, it's something to think about too, from my end, is that, like
the music from Silent Hill is a perfect example, where certain games, it's very hard to translate
to a live performance, especially when you're talking about a symphony on stage, Silent
Hill is one of those games, you know?
I'll tell you, the other game that was very, very challenging, and I didn't want to put
it in the show until I figured it out, was Metroid, right?
Because everyone loves Metroid, and we were getting so many requests for it, but it's
like, how do you do Metroid with a symphony, you know?
And so what we, I mean I don't want to spoil it, but people can check it out on YouTube
or whatever anyway, but what we did with Metroid is we decided to, let's try to create that
beginning, that everyone knows and loves so much, let's try to kind of recreate those
electronics and bleeps and bloops with the symphony, you know, and add in the electronics,
add in the original sounds from the game, and play those live with the symphony as well,
to kind of give it this really super-duper retro feel, because if you try to just do
it with instruments, it sometimes doesn't translate, you know, so we're really happy
with the way the Metroid segment turned out, and it's been a really popular segment for
us.
Excellent.
Excellent.
I can't wait to see it myself, hopefully in San Jose.
One thing, I want to kind of ask you about some of the other stuff outside of Video Games
Live, I know we're kind of longer than we anticipated in the beginning, that's alright,
we're having a good time, I wanted to ask you about some of your other stuff besides
just Video Games Live, let me take another listener question here.
One of our listeners, Dark Tetsuya, wanted to know, do you have a favorite piece that
you've ever worked on for the video game music that you've composed?
Sure, yeah.
There's actually two, I'm going to go with two, actually.
The stuff that I did for Earthworm Jim is some of my favorite stuff, and more so, not
necessarily even from a composing standpoint, but from a, just a silliness standpoint in
terms of like, when we were working on Earthworm Jim, there was like ten guys in a room, all
trying to make each other laugh.
That was Video, or that was Earthworm Jim, that's what we did, we had a year to make
each other laugh.
And you totally can't tell from the way it turned out.
Yeah, right?
And so, you know, that was such a great experience, and just doing it so, so differently, of course
that team had been together for a long time, we worked on the original Terminator game,
we did Global Gladiators for the Genesis, then we did Cool Spot, then we did Disney's
Aladdin, and then we did Earthworm Jim 1 and 2, and then MDK after that, before everyone
kind of started their own companies, but that was such a great experience, so I would say
if I had a personal favorite, that would be it.
But in terms of composition, though, I feel as a composer that the favorite stuff that
I've composed is probably Advent Rising, and some of the music in there, because I've always
wanted to write like an Italian opera, and so when Advent Rising came across, and it's
too bad that the game didn't do well at all, and it's a shame, but I was really happy with
the way the music composition turned out in that, and it was something I've always wanted
to do my whole life, and so I really put my heart and soul into that score.
Well, hopefully people will get a second chance to check that out if it ever makes its way
to the Xbox originals.
Yeah, there you go.
All right, well, one other thing I want to ask you about, we mentioned kind of towards
the beginning of the interview, you also, you know, not just do this Video Games Live,
you also are the chairman of Game Audio Network Guild, or GANG, it's like a network of people
basically involved with gaming music, voiceovers, sound designers, what's GANG up to this year?
What is GANG doing this year?
Well, the biggest thing, the biggest thing that GANG has just done, last week in fact,
was launch version 3.0 of our website, which is a complete networking mass, I mean it really,
you know, the third word in GANG, network, right, the Game Audio Network Guild, this
was always our dream to have this kind of portal and website available, I mean think
of like, you know, Myspace meets, you know, the Game Developers Association, you know,
the IGDA or, you know, gamasutra.com, right, those great websites out there, so, I mean,
you know, networking is so important in our industry where, you know, so much so that
I always, when I talk to people about, you know, people trying to get in the industry
or give speeches at schools or whatever, is that I always say that, you know, the creative
aspect of what you do is only about 50% of it, the other 50% is networking, so instead
of, you know, and I say that to any, you know, musician, instead of practicing piano for
ten hours a day, if you practice that for five hours a day and then you take the other
five hours and use that to network and to get to know people and to send emails or to,
you know, help better yourself or your personality or, you know, whatever, so, you know, people
have to, you know, I think one thing that I've learned is that it, you don't necessarily,
it's not all about talent, you know, it's about 50-50, so, you know, gang launching
this new website is really, you know, we have over 2,500 members in over 30 countries around
the world, we have scholarship programs for people looking to get in the industry, we
focus not only on the creative aspects of video game audio but also the technical aspects
and the business aspects as well because that's also very, very important and those three
things are key to being, you know, successful in the game audio industry but, you know,
there's apprenticeships and mentorships and, you know, for people looking to get in as
well, so that's our biggest thing is launching this new site, we're always working with schools
and universities all over the world on creating game audio curriculums for colleges and universities
and, by the way, some of these colleges and universities are places like Berklee School
of Music in Boston, places like UCLA and USC, I mean, some of the finest schools in the
world and even some specialized colleges, accredited colleges, you know, places like
Full Sail in Florida, for example, or Guildhall in Texas or Expressions in San Francisco,
so, you know, working, it's been a passion of mine from the beginning to really, you
know, help the game audio industry have more respect and to educate not only each other
as composers and sound designers but also to educate the developers and the publishers
as well because when I first got in this industry almost 20 years ago, they didn't care, they
didn't give a crap about video game audio, you know, it was so like, you know, I mean,
a typical day in the office, you know, back in the early 90s would be somebody walking
in my office saying, okay, the game's done, we don't have any music, we don't have any
money or budget, we don't have any space left on the cartridge and, oh, yeah, we got to
submit this in two days so we don't have any time either, can you make something sound
like something, whatever, here, you know, that was basically how you did game audio
back then. Now, of course, you know, it's completely changed and I think one thing that
you'll notice in the industry is that since Gang's inception back in, you know, the turn
of the century, you've seen the quality of audio and music go through the roof and that's
not just because of the technology, you know, you know, Gang, you know, should take a lot
of credit for that, for educating all those things, for educating them about, you know,
5.1 audio or, you know, budgets for live orchestras and how and why it makes a difference and
being involved from a project from the beginning, not just tailing it off at the end, it's not
post-production like film and television, what we do is so much different and so much
more interactive and providing the proper tools for sound designers and composers to
do what we need to do. These are all things that Gang does on a constant basis behind
the scenes, you know, some of our sponsors are EA and Dolby and some of these colleges
and schools and THX and, you know, all these DTS and, you know, all these amazing companies,
Microsoft and Intel and AMD and, you know, chip manufacturers and things. So, you know,
everybody believes in the message, it was just a matter of everyone banding together
and coming together as one to get that message out there as a group of people and that's
really what Gang is all about. Of course, we have our Gang Awards as well each year
where we have about 25 different categories, you know, everything from best sound design
of the year to best music of the year or best song for a video game, best licensed music
for a game, you know, there's best cinematic sound in a game, so there's all sorts of different
things that we award as well. And Bioshock cleaned up pretty much last year.
Yeah, I read that well deserved on them though.
Absolutely.
If we have any musically inclined folks listening to the program, I know we have a few that
are interested in this, it's audiogang.org, correct?
That is it, audiogang.org. If you're looking to get in the industry doing game audio, that's
the first great place to start.
All right, well, Tommy, I got one more question for you and thank you so much for spending
the time here with us tonight, but we always ask this, all of our guests we bring on the
program, it's the way we start off our show every week, we always talk about our gaming
weeks and the types of games we've been playing this week and what we've been enjoying. So,
Tommy, how was your gaming week? What kind of video games you've been into lately?
Fantastic. No, it's funny because yesterday was Father's Day. We're taping this interview,
but I don't know if I said it or not, but yesterday was Father's Day. And so, me and
my dad and my brother, we played the game Buzz on PlayStation 2. It's just basically
a trivia game. My dad isn't a huge gamer these days. He was when I was growing up. We'd always
go to the arcade and play Asteroids and Space Invaders together in the late 70s when I was
like 10. And he was a huge kick-my-ass and Pac-Man every night. But now, he's gotten
out of it. So, we played Buzz. I played Buzz this week. I played a little rock band this
week. But also, this might get people a little jealous. I've been playing Metal Gear Solid
4, of course. I've been playing that for a couple weeks due to having some friends in
some high places and getting versions before other folks. But the thing I've really been
playing because I've been working on putting this segment together for Video Games Live
is Guitar Hero Aerosmith, which hasn't hit the shelves yet, but I've been playing a lot
of that lately as well.
So something Guitar Hero related is coming to Video Games Live?
An interactive segment with Guitar Hero and Steven Tyler from Aerosmith. His real name
is Steven Telerico. He's my cousin. We've been always talking about doing something
together and ended up getting them hooked up with Activision to get that product on
the market the first time ever. A band has its own music video game with Guitar Hero,
so we're all really proud of that.
Yeah, I'm going to put together, wouldn't it be cool if somebody could come up on stage
and play a song from Guitar Hero Aerosmith while playing along on the big screen with
the orchestra and with some live musicians on stage as well? Wouldn't that be cool?
That would be awesome, and thankfully it's Aerosmith and not that Dragonforce song from
Guitar Hero 3, because then I think we'd all like, you know, I would want to lose in front
of all those people. Aerosmith I think I could probably handle. I know those songs pretty
well.
Well, Tommy Telerico, the man behind Video Games Live, the man behind Gang, and the soundtrack
to so many video games. Thank you so much for spending the time tonight here on Orange
Lawns Radio talking about everything, and best of luck to you through the next few dates
of your tour.
Thank you, and I really appreciate you taking the time to help spread the word, because
I think what you guys are doing are so important to us and the growth of this thing, and talking
about it really helps us out in helping to spread the word, so thank you.
No problem, Tommy. Best of luck to you.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you so much to Tommy for taking the time to talk to us here at Orange Lawns Radio.
It was a lot of fun. He's pretty chatty, but a lot of really insightful information about
how the whole process works.
And it's funny, because I didn't believe it when he said it, Steven Tyler's last name
is actually Telerico.
Yeah, I kind of thought it was a joke when I first heard it too. That's why I didn't
follow up on that at all, but no, it is true. He is actually related to Steven Tyler, which
means he's also related to Liv Tyler.
All right, anyhow.
Hey.
What?
So, you can be related.
Yeah, it's just kind of neat. I kind of thought he was joking. Like, oh yeah, he's my bro.
He's my cousin. You know, that type of thing. I was just very surprised.
And it's so funny, because, you know, Loki, you exclaimed something like, if it's not
on Wikipedia, it's not true. And then he went to Wikipedia, and I just heard, oh. I guess
it is true.
All right, anyhow, we've got some more gaming news to cover. I know you guys on Skype are
eager to call in, so we want to get to you guys as well. We have a few more stories for
you guys quick, though. We'll start off with Loki.
Okay, well, last week, you know, the PSP got firmware 4.0. Well, of course, they couldn't
leave it just like that, so they put out 4.01, which, you know, is just, I guess, to make
sure that 4.0 was working correctly. And updates as far as, doesn't really say what, they improved
some of the search features, I guess. And that's about it.
Well, I don't know if they were trying to stop the homebrew stuff, but, like, pretty
much the very next day, the custom firmware 4.01 was released, so.
Yeah, Peaker Junior92 in chat says, or PK Junior, I want to say it really fast, 4.01
is a joke.
Yeah.
Just like 911 is a joke. 4.01 is a joke. Maybe that could be a hit new song. 4.01 is a joke.
Oh, I forget it. Not a joke. The whole annoying digital rights management thing on the Xbox
Live, guess what? They have finally fixed it. There is a new DRM tool, digital rights
management tool that is available on Xbox site, on the Microsoft site. This is originally
going to be a part of the next patch or the next release, but it's actually available
now. It's available on Xbox.com. You can manage the digital rights contents of arcade titles
that you've downloaded and so on. I haven't used this myself, but I should, because my
original Xbox 360 died of the red rings of death, so I have this awkward digital management
thing with Geometry Wars and Joust, which were the first two arcade titles I ever bought.
So I should go in and try to fix that. So now you don't have to go through this whole
mess of getting the points credited back to you and all this stuff. In fact, you can see
the three-step process here. Make sure you've signed into Xbox Live with this account and
whatever your name is. Go to the Xbox Live Marketplace and select Account Management,
Download History. Select an item and then select Download again. Repeat step three for
each item in your download history. There you go. So if you're willing to re-download
the stuff, you can use the tool on Xbox.com to do it for you. And certainly that saves
customer service, a crap load of phone calls. So everybody wins in this scenario. Yay.
I win. What did you win? I win a story. Oh, and what would this story be about?
Well, okay, everyone knows that one of the coolest voice actors in the world, in my opinion
anyway, is David Hader. You know, he has written movies, done a fairly good job with the first
X-Men movie, actually with the first two X-Men movies since he did the screenplays. But he
is actually looking for a petition out to get all of the fans to sign so that he writes
the Metal Gear movie. Interesting. Well, honestly, I would have to think that he would know Snake
better than just about anybody except maybe Kojima. Or so many other people on Kojima's
team. But I think, though, that when you're the person who puts the personality into the
character, I think that you would have a bit of insight into how to properly write for
that character. So I think it's pretty cool. Well, I kind of wonder, what kind of writing
creds does he have? Well, I just said that he wrote the screenplays for the first two
X-Men movies. Oh, sorry. It's okay. And he's doing an adaptation of Watchmen. But he's
actually looking to have everyone actually email a rep at Sony Pictures. The address
is, and I'm going to go ahead and say it on the air, because honestly, I would love for
him to write the movie. He does a good job. But it's Matt, M-A-T-T underscore T-O-L-M-A-C-H
at S-P-E dot Sony dot com. So send those emails in and actually use good grammar. Please spell
check for the win. This is a really good opportunity for us to try and get David Hader on the show.
I know I'm going to email. I'm gonna see if you realize I'm going to be sitting in the
corner fan gasming the whole fanning yourself actually really good looking to see what we
can do about that. In a reference to the video that we saw the other day and no one else
will get blurred fluids. Nobody's going to understand that. What? YouTube joke. What
was I going to say here? Some comments here in the chat room. DJ Dark Knight says as long
as he plays him. You never know. Going back to the last story, our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf,
our next door neighbor on All Games wanted to point out about the whole digital right
management tool. You can only use it once every 12 months. You have to manually re-download
every title. If you have a lot of titles, it's going to take you a couple hours to get
all that stuff. Again, you can only use the tool once every 12 months. But that should
be enough. I mean, how many people get more than one Xbox a year unless you really get
screwed with the red rings of death? I mean, certainly it could happen. But iTunes has
a similar policy. I think you can reset your iTunes digital rights management like once
a year as well. But of course, then again, you can also install the music on like four
different computers. Something like that. Awesome. Well, remember there was a big to-do
about the whole hot coffee crap in Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas. And then there was a settlement
where people could possibly get money for not even having purchased Grand Theft Auto.
But you know, you just have to pretend that you did. Well, the response to the whole thing
was really only 2,676 claims. You didn't say 26,000, you said 2,000. 2,676. And how many
people bought Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas? Approximately 12 million. Eleventy billion?
So that apparently is approximately 0.022% of the consumers that actually were offended
and upset from the content in the game. In other words, people looking for a free lunch,
courtesy of Take-Two from McDonald's. And essentially that equals up to about only $1.3
million in fees. Oh, I'm sorry. Only about $30,000 in claims from all that. And apparently
the suit seeking $1.3 million in legal fees. That's funny. Wow. Just wow. If I had the
stupid award music still cute, I'd probably play it right about now, but unfortunately
I left that party. See, everyone was complaining that it was such a big deal and everyone was
making a big deal. You know who that 0.22% or 0.022% was? Jack Thompson and his family.
Fucking media. And just people blowing the shit out of proportion. People wanting to
see if it worked or not. Yeah. Seriously, out of those 2,000, how many just wanted to
see if it would work? That's what I'm curious about. If they got money. Did anybody in our
chat room do it? Probably not. Alright, well one other bit of news for you and then we're
going to open up our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio and
it is a PlayStation story and it's about the PlayStation Network specifically. I'm surprised
neither one of these games has been the classic game of the week yet, but maybe soon. After
all, they are going to make a resurgence pretty soon. Einhonder and Xenogears are now going
to be on the PlayStation Network. I like Einhonder. I'm surprised. We still need Zweihander.
I'm surprised Xenogears is on there since I think it's a multiple disc game. Well, hey,
they've got a lot of storage space on that PlayStation 3. So anyhow, you can now download
these songs. You can download these games on the PlayStation Network and there you have
it. They're being sold right now in Japan. Sorry, you can't do it here. It's being sold
for 600 yen a piece. That's about $5.56. Not bad. But unfortunately, both these games are
pretty text heavy, so you would probably need to understand Japanese. Not Einhonder. You
just fucking kill things. I'm looking right at Xenogears as I'm saying. Xenogears. Xenogears,
yeah. But if you know Japanese, hey, there you go. By the way, Squeenix USA has commented
there is currently no plans to bring this to the American Network. Yeah, well, we'll
see. Money talks, people. Money talks. And now you talk. 1877 Game OLR. Our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Let's go to the Skype line. The calls are already coming
in. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? There is currently no plans to bring
this to the American Network. I'm hearing myself. Are you there? Talks, people. Money
talks. Okay. Please call Echo 1-2-3. If I hear myself or Dark Soccer or Loki on the
call, that's grounds for immediate hang up. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ranma. Hey, Ranma. What's on your mind, buddy? Hello. Hey, everyone. I
know what you were doing last night. I know what you were doing last night, too. Tell
us about it. I know what you did last night. Well, besides getting, uh, drunk with freeze
pop. Wait, so, when you say, you don't mean you were actually getting drunk at a freeze
pop concert, although that is probably true as well. You actually went out and got drunk
with freeze pop the band. Yes, this is what actually happened. I was at a broom party
having a good time and I left, you know, to bring some more alcohol up and I was going
up the stairs and I saw them and the girl, I think it was Elizabeth, she said, um, is
there a party going on? I'm like, yeah, follow me. Follow me right into the, um, party and
we've been partying ever since. And right now I'm actually downloading all the pictures
from the party with them as we speak. Did you remind them that OLR loves them muchly?
Yes, I did. In between shots. Nice. I doubt they even remember us. Only one of them came
on the show, but you never know. So that's what, were you just Liz or the whole band
or what? The whole band. That's awesome. So there you have it. Doing shots with the band.
Did they happen to let slip any, uh, things they might have coming up in the game world?
You know, I read recently one of their emails that went out to everybody, there was a little
bit of freeze pop controversy about the fact that their song, uh, I am not your game boy
is on guitar hero DS because it's actually not by harmonics anymore. Right. But, and
so they wanted to kind of clear the air that, Hey, they're loaning their songs out to, you
know, or no, the deal was that I think if I remember I read it on their site, they don't
get paid when they're in their harmonics games. Um, they do it just, you know, for the love
of harmonics for the love of those games, but they were getting paid by Konami when
it was in DDR by Sony, you know, branded games and by, you know, the folks who did guitar
hero on tour. So yeah, a little, a little freeze pop controversy. I thought I'd clear
up. Well, they really are talented. I mean, after seeing him the second time, it was really
awesome. They really deserve more. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's yeah. They they're
destined for stardom eventually, you know, they're, they're on the brain. Everybody knows
some of their songs from rock band and all that stuff. So, well, they did a new song
at the concert. Oh really? Yeah. They covered a popular song from the eighties as an encore
song. What was it? The final countdown. Nice. And um, that's definitely key to our friendly.
Definitely. Hey, that could be, you never know rock band too. Maybe who knows? Um, Hey,
here's the thing though. Next time you go drinking with Liz, since now you like have
her number in your black book or whatever, tell them that a OLR would love a new theme
song, you know, no disrespect to midi head, but we've been using the opening song now
for like two years. So we're looking for something new. So just the thought, I may be able to
do something. I know somebody knows somebody, so I may be able to cash in a favor. So I
would love you forever. All right. What else is going on in your world? Anything else you
want to update our listeners on real quick? Well, you're ready to drink this weekend.
Oh my God. That's right. You're coming to town. No, I can't drink. I could drink cider
and milk. Okay. I'll drink cider with you. Okay. I can't hear your cider will probably
be special cider. Oh, we'll get the, uh, the, um, uh, Blackthorn for us. No, I'm looking
forward to you being in town and uh, I'm looking forward to the 4th of July party when we're
going to set things on fire. Yes. Oh yeah. Rob. Yes. I have a surprise for you. Yay.
I like surprises. I'm going to present it next week. If I can be on the show, of course
you can be on the show. I thought you were already coming to the show. Just want to make
sure, you know, so Rama will be here in studio next week. All right. So until then I'm hanging
up on you. Cause you have all next week to talk to us. All right. Later. That's right.
That is next week. Isn't it? God time flies. That means I have to do, I'm going to be busy
this time to clean the house. Well, I already, I, my house is pretty clean. I just got to
change the cat litter. You okay over there, Loki? Sorry. I'm just getting this working.
I heard myself. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Uh, J rod. Hey, Jay rod.
What's on your mind, buddy? Uh, just asking you guys, what are you looking forward to
for you three of the most. So it's right around the corner. What am I looking forward to E3
the most? You know me personally, I'm looking forward to seeing how much of Microsoft press
conference really did get spoiled. I'm looking forward to all the press conferences. I love
sitting there not working and reading the press conferences. I really am looking forward
to seeing if animal crossing MMO or we or whatever. I'm looking forward to seeing if
animal if it is true that animal crossing is coming back to Nintendo and what they're
doing with it. I J I am so freaking curious is killing me. And of course I want it to
address the space issues so I gotta say Nintendo's press conference I'm
definitely looking forward to
Sony I don't know what I'm looking forward to hearing from Sony but
sometimes they really surprise you on left field so I don't think you can
predict Sony
Microsoft if the rumors are true they're gonna have an interesting press
conference ahead of them
I'm also looking forward to seeing how the absence of these companies is gonna
play into the E3 reports this year with all these
companies dropping out. Loki, Dark Sakura, anything you wanna add?
No, they'll just have pretty much like Activision so since they're not gonna be
there they'll probably have their own little press conference that'll
take place at the same time. I mean it'll pretty much be the same damn coverage.
I still think that they made a mistake with cutting out the
fanfare I just think they should have been a bit more discerning as to
invitations that's all.
Very disappointing but have you looked at the Penny Arcade
exhibitor list? Now that I'm happy about. That's doing it right.
You wanna hear something that really would piss you off?
My company got one invite to E3 and they said oh forget it we're not going.
I'm like you fuckers. You fucking whores.
Okay Jayrod I'm turning the tables a little bit what are you looking forward
to seeing at E3?
I am looking forward to Gears of War 2. That is my main game for this year.
Gears of War 2 and I wanna see how the new Silent Hill is turning out.
Oh I'm kinda iffy about that one. Apparently
and I haven't seen this myself but a buddy was telling me about this that
apparently the first 10 minutes of the game are out there on the internet and it
looks pretty good.
I don't wanna spoil anything. I'm gonna have to pass on that.
I don't either but you know I'm curious. But yeah Gears of War oh man people are
just loving that first game.
That'll definitely be a centerpiece of Microsoft's press conference. Probably the big final
thing they'll show since there's no
Halo this year. That's probably their second biggest franchise I can think of.
Chat room is asking about Kid Icarus Wii.
If it's true which I think it might be I'm definitely curious. That is another
curiosity.
I'm trying not to get my hopes up too high because I just have this really bad
feeling. I'm gonna look at it and go
ew it's so different.
Something tells me they're not going the Mega Man 9 route and giving us a new
retro game.
So that's what I think about Kid Icarus.
Alright well J-Rod thanks so much for the call. Anything else you want to share
really quickly?
Alright well have a good one.
Appreciate it. I had Italian today.
Did you? Yes I had Mary's Pizza Shack.
I thought you couldn't have pizza. Well I can't but on
they have pasta dishes there and there was a pasta dish with marinara because I can
usually have like light marinara pastas.
So it was good times. Alright I better hang up on J-Rod. Bye bye.
Thank you very much. Did you really want to hear us talk about Italian food the whole time?
Osfer says I saw a trailer for the new Silent Hill. It looked really scary.
I hope so. There's not
that many games I'm excited about right now but that Silent Hill 5 is one of
them. That game is supposed to be out sooner rather than later so we shall see
very soon.
What do you guys think? You want to do one more call? One more quick call?
Alright. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hola. Bienvenidos a Orange Launch Radio.
Echo 123. Is it that hard?
Alright. That's it. We're closing the Skype line.
I can't deal with the lack of Echo 123 tonight.
Alright. I guess that's gonna do it.
We're gonna go around and wrap it up. First we gotta get some last minute stories.
Do I have a last minute story? I see you giggling over there. I'm just in a giggle
giggle mood. Why? Because I am. You can't be happy.
It's not allowed. I can be as happy as I want to be Rob.
And I'm gonna whine so that you have to put up with it.
No I don't. Neener. Loki you have any last minute stories?
Uh. You did? Yes. Alright then read it. Stop your bitching.
This is
a story that Sauce gave me
like an hour ago or so that
Apple Corps has given the okay
for a computer game to be released based on the Beatles.
Since they own the master recordings. Really? Yep.
Very interesting. And they are
trying to decide who's gonna get it and they are between Activision and MTV
games.
Oh snap.
Is that for real? That is crazy. Alright.
We'll see. Loki you have any last minute stories?
Um. I don't know.
No. Not really. Really? Wow. Yeah well I haven't been looking at
last minute stories. I've been working on other crap. Apparently Catwoman is gonna be
Marvel vs. DC Universe and she has
a lot of cleavage apparently. Surprise.
Tigerclaw mentions in chatroom. By the way Sky you know that Bill Gates
officially retired.
Yes. But he'll still always be kind of like a mascot of sorts to that company
don't you think?
I mean he's gone but he's not. You know what I mean? Well didn't he drop out of
high school and start his own company?
Hey you know what? Just a day's dedication. Seriously?
Just a day's dedication. Alright well. He dropped out of college that was it.
Yeah. Well so did I and look at me I'm on the internet with the
radio program with my friends. Hey. Winners don't use drugs.
Alright let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki what's your final thought tonight? I fucking hate
PHP.
My final thought is I
really want another piece of ice cream cake
because the one I cheated with on my birthday and had was really
really really fucking good. Dark Soccer your final thought tonight.
I really want some creme brulee right now. Oh my fucking god creme brulee is the shit.
I'm gonna go get some creme brulee ice cream I think.
Since we are orange lounge foodie-o I have to mention real quick. This is our first mention of food tonight.
Olive Garden. Yeah we did have Olive Garden. Here's the thing. Did you know that Claim
Jumper now has like a healthy menu with
foods under 600 calories a dish or something? Under 600 calories a dish.
Look for them. Half a day food. For them that's that's really good.
Well a bowl of soup and some of their garlic toast is under 600.
Yeah but now they have like salads and stuff that are really good and under
under 600 calories. What was I gonna say?
I don't know but they're really good. Oh they have the creme brulee. They have like a new dessert dish
that's three of different flavors of creme brulee.
Like the green tea and all that stuff and the little tiny dishes. Do you want?
My god so I do kinda want actually. Although I probably should be good after
massively cheating on my birthday.
This isn't really a last minute story but it's it's interesting nonetheless.
But apparently there's a price drop on a cat skin for your Wii.
Yes it's a cute little kitten that you can put on your Wii.
I will post it in chat. There you have it.
That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so
much for tuning in to us and supporting independent podcasting. You guys are
awesome.
Hey if you like what you hear we do this for free. Hey just tell a couple other
people you know about the show.
It's word of mouth folks. That's how we spread the word and you know you can
always leave us a positive review on iTunes
or other podcast review sites. Dig you know whatever's out there.
We really appreciate it. It really helps spread the word and that's all we ask.
So I'm not Dark Sakura. She's Dark Sakura.
I'm Rob Roberts. He's Loki and that's the ferret and that's gonna do it for
another week of Orange Lounge Radio. We will see you next week. Same bat time. Same
bat channel.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge
production. To join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect
those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com
but we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
