Tonight, June 8, 2008, could Microsoft really be going Blu-ray?
Another Star Wars character comes to Soul Calibur?
And which former Supreme Court judge is getting into gaming?
Orange Lounge Radio Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer life.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Tonight, June 8th, 2008, could Microsoft really be going Blu-ray?
Another Star Wars
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and wait for it, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to my lovely co-host, DarkSakura, aka Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm here.
You're here.
You are here.
Wherever here is.
Here is in Sacramento, California.
That's the home base.
Technically.
Technically.
We are not in Sacramento.
Yeah, we're in a suburb called Rancho Cordova, but who cares?
Does Tech Master Loki care?
Our other co-host here tonight?
Yeah, it's hot in here.
It is very hot in here.
Unfortunately, it's getting to be hotter and hotter as time goes on.
Yeah.
All right.
Alright, well, we're going to start off the show as we always do with a little bit of How was your gaming week?
And then we're going to get into some gaming news.
So, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I got an EB Mania 2DX controller for $8.
Eight whole dollars?
Eight whole dollars.
And Dan showed me some game called I Want to Be the Guy.
It was a YouTube video of someone playing it, which I thought was kind of funny.
It was like...
Supposedly this really hard game that has elements from different other games in it, so I'd have to do a little bit more research.
I think I saw this game a couple weeks ago.
It's interesting.
To say the least.
Yes.
And just more of the usual.
Alright.
More of the usual.
Same old, same old.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
Of course, more Grand Theft Auto 4.
I'm actually at 98.66% of completion.
In fact, I'll be done with it.
Too bad it's not 98.666 because that would be funny.
Yes.
And then, let's see here.
Also, I've been playing actually a little bit of some different stuff.
We tried some things last night over at my mom's house during Nelly's birthday barbecue.
We...
Try it a little bit, very, very little bit of Dancing with the Stars.
That game sucked balls, so we immediately turned that off.
Actually played quite a bit of Defend Your Castle, and that game, and I think with four people, that game would be a lot of fun.
I was only playing it with my sister, though, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess the controls of it are very similar to Excite Truck.
You can actually hold the remote either flat with the buttons facing up kind of like Excite Truck or you can put it in the Wii wheel and have the buttons facing towards you and you can actually calibrate that by the very beginning of the game they actually ask you to hold the controller horizontal and you hit the 2 button on there and that will basically cause you to
Calibrate it, either way.
So it's pretty awesome.
I like how they do that, because a lot of these games now are using the Wii wheel, and so it's forcing you to keep the buttons towards you, and that's fine if you're using the Wii wheel, but if you're not, it really contorts your wrist when you're trying to play it, and it kind of hurts after a while, which kind of sucks.
The other thing...
I mean, the game itself is pretty fun.
It's actually quite a bit like Wipeout, a little bit like F-Zero.
The graphics could be a little bit better, but overall, it's fun.
You can do all the Car-Fu stuff in there, and very intuitive controls, and I don't know.
Right now, Nelly is calling this her next Excite Truck game.
She is literally playing this at home right now.
That's a big endorsement from the wife who usually hates video games.
Exactly, and I've tried finding a suitable replacement for Excite Truck, and
Have failed so far until now, but I think it's pretty cool.
I wish this game had come out on a different platform, like say the 360 or PlayStation 3, because the movie was so pretty, and the game is just kind of, it's all right.
but a couple things you may have noticed if you've ever seen any of the trailer videos on this that there's a lot of kind of silhouette pop-ups that come up and they like say a little one-liner thing and then they pop away and it does that very frequently you can turn those off so if that's annoying because I know a lot of people are like well what the fuck that's really stupid looking you can turn all that stuff off so that's really cool but that's about it yeah it's fun game though
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Defend Your Castle.
It's a WiiWare game.
I haven't played much Wii lately.
I'll have to show it to you at some point.
It's fun.
It's based on an old, old Flash game.
I think it's called the same thing, Defend Your Castle.
It's very similar.
But it was much bloodier in the Flash version.
They had to, you know, Wii-itize it or whatever you want to call it.
I like the style.
And if you notice, also, just like that gummy car game or whatever they had, it's all done with the guy's voice.
Yes, I love it.
His voice is great.
That's like the music in the game.
It's great.
Games I played this week, lots and lots of World of Warcraft because I'm kind of addicted.
But I did check out a couple of the new arcade games on Xbox Live.
These are demos only, so I'm really basing my opinion off demos, which, you know, just kind of a disclaimer there.
Ace of the Galaxy, I don't know.
I played it for a little while.
It was kind of interesting.
The shooting style of it reminded me a little bit of Rez, where you could, like, lock onto things and let all your bullets go off at once.
But then I go, you know, I'm kind of playing it, and I'm just like, I just want to play Rez.
I want to play a game like this.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Turn these little disks as fast as you can to make sure the shapes, as they fall, fall through the right shape.
You remember that old, old game like we had in elementary school called Perfection?
Where you had to put those little shapes in the right holes before, pop, they all pop out, like, remember, before the board explodes?
Right?
You ever play that game?
Am I the only one that played that?
I used to play it.
I think it was awesome.
Okay, thank God.
All right.
It's kind of like that.
You want to make sure you turn the disks so that a star shape throws to the star hole repeatedly or else the galaxy blows up.
Basically.
In a nutshell.
But I couldn't figure out how was this game going to... I mean, granted, as it was going along, it added more shapes, and it got a little harder, and you had to squash these aliens by speeding the bricks up, but it was still about reaction time.
I was kind of like, where is the puzzle game in this?
If there's a puzzle game here, the demo totally neglected to show it to me.
You have to understand, if there's objects falling down on a screen, it's a puzzle game.
I guess, but not to me.
So I wasn't very impressed.
Which is a darn shame because the graphics and previews for the future levels made it look like more exciting things were to come.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll have to look it up on the internet and see if there's videos of future levels that make the game more interesting.
Because, I mean, it did hold my attention.
I was like, whee, rotating discs is fun.
This game is easy.
I bet it could get lots of achievement points.
But then, like, when the demo was over, I was like, that's it?
That's it?
Those are the two new games I played this week.
Otherwise, I've been playing more Audio Surface.
Well, that game's pretty rad.
I talked about that on last week's show, if you missed that.
All right, we're going to get into some gaming news here shortly, but I also want to introduce the one and only chat room.
It's chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Gerardimo in chat says, Rugu equals the baby toy for adults.
Kind of.
Gerardimo also says, Rugu equals boring a lot.
AJ Mix has been playing a lot of Wii in his week.
He's been playing Dr. Mario on WiiWare, Battalion Wars Wii, Bomberman Live on Wii, and Mario Paint on the Super Nintendo.
That's old school.
Anybody checked out Dr. Mario on WiiWare yet?
That's one of those games I keep like, I need to get it, but I have no space!
No, this is just like, remember how Nintendo said, oh, we have 100 WiiWare games in development.
Yeah, they're all gonna be fucking old clones of shit.
And then they're gonna put Dr. Mario out there.
Just put
But, hold on, to be fair, Nintendo is the master.
No one does it better.
Nintendo is the master of making old shit new again.
Case in point, Mario All-Stars on Super Nintendo.
Who didn't love that game?
Because it was like the upgraded versions of the old Mario games.
Nintendo is the master of making old shit new again.
And they do a good job of it.
Maybe that was a little fanboyish statement, but they do...
I have to ask about this before we get into housekeeping tonight.
I'm going to address why there's been changes on JustinTV.
We'll get to that in a minute.
First, I want to ask Loki.
Loki ran through the door.
Rob, I'm gonna be late, there's food problems.
Thanks for watching!
Uh, I forgot to put the breadsticks in.
Okay, so they put them in, but they only put in half of my order.
Uh, I forgot to put the other half in.
So, you know, I'm just sitting there and... Nice.
And the guy, you know, up front, working cash register, had his mouth open, kind of drooling there.
And some guy's like, um, is my pizza ready?
I called it in, he said it was going to be 20 minutes, and it's been 25.
Uh...
So, can you check on it?
Well, she said that it's going to be about five minutes once you've ordered it.
What do you mean?
What?
Oh, well, they just put it in.
Can you go check on that?
He's just stupid to stand in there.
I love how food emergencies are a valid excuse here at Orange Lawn Studio for making a person wait.
I had plenty of time.
Even with a slight delay, I would have still been here on time.
But it was like fucking 40 minutes for breadsticks.
That shit takes like two minutes to make.
Alright.
Let's talk about Justin TV and housekeeping tonight.
We've changed a little bit over on Justin TV.
Here's what happened.
We used to run through an iSight webcam and my little Mac laptop.
We used to run the webcam that way, but the iSight got broken due to my stupidness, and it no longer runs audio through it.
So what happened is that this past week, I actually got a video camera because I've been wanting a video camera anyway, so...
Just figured two birds with one stone.
I'm going to get a video camera and we're going to use it for Justin.TV as well.
So that's what you see hooked up tonight.
We actually have now a video camera running on Justin.TV.
However, here's why the resolution is crappy.
Because for some reason, even though the old Justin.TV broadcaster used to support 640x480 on the USB capture device, it no longer does that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All we have to do is make a little switch just like this.
and you guys won't hear this on the podcast but they'll see it on Justin TV you can actually go to live video of gameplay and playing right now on Justin TV is our old favorite 8-bit classic The Guardian Legend a little screenshot from there and you'll be able to see us kind of switch back and forth so we can actually like if we talk about games and we happen to have them up we can switch just that easily
Now here's the other problem, is that on Justin TV just then, their audio completely cut out.
They only got the audio of the game.
They didn't hear us talking over that.
So that's the other thing we've got to fix, but we're working on it.
Exciting things to come on Justin TV, but since you guys have been crying the past few weeks, like, where's the webcam gone?
I want to show you we've made some progress.
We're trying.
We are a non-profit organization here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Okay?
All right.
All right, so anyhow, let's get into tonight's gaming news, shall we?
If there's no other housekeeping tonight, the only other thing I can think of is the old plugs for our communities.
We love to add people on MySpace at Orange Lounge Radio, on LiveJournal at Orange Lounge, or our Facebook community, the OL Army.
Let's get to tonight's gaming news, Loki.
There's also the Orange Lounge Wiki at Wikia.
Oh, that thing is awesome, too.
This is how awesome our community is.
I put out a call on the forums this week.
I'm like, hi, I don't know anything about editing wikis.
I'm not very good at it at all.
I don't know the wiki language.
I think wiki is a wonderful concept.
I need to take my lazy ass and sit it down for a while and learn wiki.
But the front page on the wiki right now isn't working for me.
I can't find things.
Can someone please clean up the front page within 24 hours?
It looks great.
Thank you for watching!
All right.
Well, this is a rumor that never seems to die, but CrunchGear, a tech blog, is actually reporting that an inside source at Microsoft, who was a former member of the company's HD DVD department, has confirmed that the company will announce that the Xbox 360 will get Blu-ray before Christmas via a press release that's set to go out tomorrow morning around 9, 10-ish.
Wow.
Apparently the system, they don't really have any info on it right now, but it says it will cost less than an elite system.
So, I don't know, this still seems far-fetched, but I guess we'll just have to wait until tomorrow morning now, won't we?
Well, which will be today by the time this show goes out.
So, you know, either we were really smart in saying this in advance or we're dumb.
But it seems like this rumor is always going around that Microsoft is going to be announcing Blu-ray.
What makes this special?
All I think that they're going to be doing with this is just releasing another external thing that's going to have, you know, just like the HD DVD player.
and so on.
I think that's what they're probably going to have to do with this.
If they do include it inside of a 360, I think it's going to be a dumb move.
Hopefully, I mean, I hope they tested all this stuff to make sure that the access times are the same because otherwise you're going to have a lot of problems reading games.
What is it about this particular report though why I should believe it?
I don't know.
I think those people are just... Because I think that instead of just saying, you know, oh, it's coming, it's saying, hey, there's going to be a press release tomorrow that says da-da-da-da-da at this time.
So it's a lot easier to say, okay, well, this is going to be true or false instead of speculating whether it's true or not.
Now, GK128 in our chat makes an interesting observation.
He says the new iPhone is supposed to be tomorrow as well, which, you know, that's...
Half speculation, half Apple fanboys always figure out this stuff in advance, so they're probably right.
Well, here's the thing.
Tomorrow is the Worldwide Developers Conference.
So is this Microsoft's answer to Apple, in a way?
Like, hey, Apple's making this big unveiling, and we're going to unveil Blu-ray in the home.
Is that what maybe gives us a little weight?
Maybe.
I don't know.
It'd just be weird.
Unless, you know, Microsoft, I mean, they're always kind of butting heads with Apple and stuff.
Maybe they're trying to...
Get people on board with their video download service and stuff like that.
I don't know.
And you put the nail on the head there.
Why would they want to go Blu-ray when they have their download service?
I mean, but then again, alright, they have the HD DVD player.
And to be honest, I guess when I hear about Microsoft putting out a Blu-ray player, you remember in the old Charlie Brown comics, when a character would get really upset, there'd be a little scribble drawn over their head?
That's what I look like when I keep thinking about how my HD DVD player, pretty much, I only have five movies I'll ever be able to watch on it now.
We can still find movies all over the place, though.
Usually really cheap.
But to know that there's no more ever coming out in some of these newer movies I might want to get.
Well, we found out they were clearing out.
We went out and bought our player.
But I bought my player full price.
That's why I have angry, angry face.
There are always positives and negatives to adopting early.
I know, I know, I know.
It just sucks.
Wah, sucks.
All right.
But keep in mind, you know.
Blu-ray being now the preferred method of high definition media I'm expecting now to start seeing more of the less expensive models coming out over the next year or so so you'll have an easier time getting one into your hands all the more reason not to buy this
I don't know.
Well, I'm not going to buy the Blu-ray player because I know eventually I'm going to get a PS3.
I realize I'm the only OLR host without a PS3, and eventually I'm going to crack and get one.
You aren't missing much.
Well, right now I'm not, but Final Fantasy XIII is going to come out someday.
Look how we think.
I am a Final Fantasy fanboy.
I will be the first to admit when it comes out, I have no choice.
I must upgrade to PS3.
Even if the game sucks, it's Final Fantasy.
I have to get it.
Did the same thing for Final Fantasy VII.
and I held out on getting a Sony Playstation for the longest time until Final Fantasy 7 came out and then I finally caved and bought one and I'm glad I did because you guys all know tons and tons of classic games on the Playstation I hope the Playstation 3 has a similar legacy but I don't know we'll see Ranma in chat agrees Rob you're not missing anything hey before we get to the next story I missed one housekeeping thing I'm such a jerk
DJ Tetsuya
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I'm sure as you read, they sent me the console instead because they knew I was the appropriate owner of such a console.
Lies, lies.
But I do have some good news.
SSJ100Matt did tie for third place.
So he does get something.
So that does kind of rock.
So congratulations.
Thank you for watching!
Only one vote got SSJ100 Matt tied for third place because Bobby's show got like four votes.
I mean, it was a runaway.
But do you know which show voted for us out of everybody?
Bobby.
Because Bobby's the only one that probably understood all the in-jokes.
That's great.
So the winning show voted for us.
I don't know what that says, but something to think about.
Something to think about.
All right.
Let's move on to more news.
And something else we like to think about are music-based games because you know we love them here.
And lately music-based games have been all about Guitar Hero and Rock Band.
And a brand new Guitar Hero game is coming out.
If you haven't heard, it's Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
Guitar Hero Aerosmith is scheduled to come out very soon.
And there are some songs that have been announced for the game.
I'm disappointed.
I want Foghat Edition.
Live on the Edge, Love in an Elevator, Dream On, Walk This Way, Run DMC
and some of the other bands you'll see.
Cheap Trick with Dream Police, Joan Jett, I Hate Myself for Loving You, The Clash, Complete Control, Lenny Kravitz, Always on the Run and Run DMC with King of Rock.
So that's some of the stuff you have to look forward to in Guitar Hero Aerosmith which is coming out for the PlayStation 3, 360 and PlayStation 2.
And if just the game wasn't enough, wouldn't you know it?
Bundles coming out as well.
So no excuses to say you can't play this game unless you just don't like Guitar Hero or Aerosmith.
I like Aerosmith
DarkSakura Reads The Next Story
The next story has to do with something that rather excites me.
One of my favorite game series ever, and I'm not saying Metal Slug, but it's Samurai Shodown.
They actually said that, well, from the ESRB, that Xbox Live Arcade would be getting Samurai Shodown 2, and also now they're saying they should be getting Samurai Shodown, and it's...
I suppose they're getting them separately, but there's no news beyond what's been on the ESRB.
So we can hope that they'll be all jazzed up and pretty.
Are we going to get all the Samurai Shodown games?
Because that's kind of a lot.
I want five.
What's so special about five?
Five is the last cartridge that was released on the Neo Geo cart system.
And I've never played it.
And I want it.
Fuck it, I want Samurai Shodown HD Remix.
Or you can do Samurai Shodown 5 HD Remix.
I want Samurai Shodown 2 though, most of all, because that one was like the best.
Huh.
It had caffeine nicotine.
Nice.
Going back to the question that we asked earlier, Justify Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
Let's see.
Kitsune says, I'm not too thrilled about the new Guitar Hero.
AJ Mix says, it's not Guitar Hero Blink 182.
Kitsune follows up and says, I think my husband might get it for the 360.
Robert M says, I still can't find many of the Aerosmith songs on iTunes.
Gerardimo says, Guitar Hero Aerosmith, why?
Because Guitar Hero makes it money.
GS68 is hoping for Guitar Hero Loki Fusion
Last couple comments.
GK128 says, Guitar Hero, insert band name here, will always be a rental unless it's something badass like Pixies or Dinosaur Jr., which he must be fanboys of.
Frisbee says, make Aerosmith a download pack.
And AZHP says, it'd only be worth it if you actually like Aerosmith.
Aerosmith's kind of cool, though.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
Rock Band has it figured out with the download packs.
The problem they're going to run into with that, though, is what they do for Rock Band 2.
And that's how they could sell more Guitar Hero Aerosmiths, is by saying, okay, well, all those download songs that you had will be compatible with this game, or you can download more, you know, and have them compatible with both games.
That would be smart, which is why they're not going to do it.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says, this is what we need, Guitar Hero F-Zero.
I'm not sure how that would work, but it sounds good in theory.
It would be just like, you know, the rock band commercial where they're on top of the bus, you know, playing their music, but on top of an F-Zero.
That's the intro to the game, isn't it?
F-Zero car.
What's that?
That's the intro to the game.
I know, I know, but still, that would be Guitar Hero F-Zero.
It's, you know, playing music really fast on a really, really, really fast car flying through the air.
Or maybe instead of like that normal note track you have, you're actually on a car that's racing down one of those super fast F-Zero tracks doing loops and stuff, and you have to read the notes off that.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, that would be great!
Where you get more points if you scream out, listen to my song, dammit.
There you go.
Yeah, for those of us who are familiar with Micross 7.
All the mechs were based around music.
Rob, one of the biggest points in Macross was that music had a lot of power.
Which was how, in the very first series, spoiler!
You know, 20 years later, how in the first series they defeated the enemies that came by was because of stupid butthead minmei.
And so, Macross 7 is sort of a big playoff of the whole music is power thing, so...
I gotta tell you though, going back to F-Zero for a minute I was tempted this week to actually put in F-Zero GX and play it a little bit Because it's still one of my favorite racers And I think I said this over on Bobby's show when we were doing the tees tonight There aren't a lot of racing games I really like outside of F-Zero Because F-Zero is fast and it's horrifically simple That's what I like in a racing game I don't like all the complications I like Burnout because Burnout's fast too and it has explosions There's not a lot of racing games I really, really love They made a Burnout arcade game, that'd be pretty awesome That'd be pretty awesome
All right, let's move on with more news.
So, of course, me being a huge fan of Grand Theft Auto was a little bit disappointed to hear that the Grand Theft Auto download content that's been promised for me has been delayed to fiscal quarter one 2009.
What's that mean?
Well, that means that it's due between November 1st, 2008 and January 31st, 2009.
which, when you look at it, it's not really that bad anyways.
But, hey, still though, I wish it was out a little bit sooner because, you know, I'm being... Because sooner is better!
Exactly!
And because, you know, now that I'm almost done with the game, you know, I need more achievements.
And also, I need more stuff to do.
I hope they add tanks.
What about multiplayer?
Isn't multiplayer thrilling enough for you?
Multiplayer is fun.
Um...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't know.
That's a really in-depth message.
Yeah, hey, you know, I was surprised to see that pop up too.
But, you know, that's just how they roll.
So, yeah.
It's alright though because if the download content comes out later...
Loki, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I didn't watch the new trailer.
What's so great about it?
The whole trailer was comparing Grand Theft Auto 4 with Saints Row 2.
It was a trailer highlighting the side missions you can do in the game.
The side stuff you can do in Grand Theft Auto 4, they have bowling and playing pool and darts and stuff like that.
Hey, you know what?
Me being a fan of both games, both are great in their own aspects.
They're just different.
It's like Star Wars and Spaceballs.
So competition is healthy.
Exactly.
I'm glad to see, because a lot of the stuff that came from Saints Row ended up making it into Grand Theft Auto 4.
The whole...
Their navigation systems, pretty much the same as Saints Row, using the cell phone for all the cheats and stuff like that.
A lot from Saints Row.
Just the multiplayer, probably pushed them a little bit more to do multiplayer on the platform, which is good.
So, you know, competition's good.
I like to see that.
And also, because Grand Theft Auto came out, they pushed Saints Row to add flying vehicles and stuff like that.
So, I don't care.
They're both awesome.
You don't have to pick one.
Play them both.
Alright, if you want to check out the Saints Row 2 trailer, it just got posted in our chat room there by Tigerclaw.
It looks like it's available on GameTrailers.com as a lot of game trailers are.
It's not just a clever site name.
You know, Saints Row 2 though, if there is competition, Saints Row is really going to have to kind of sell a lot because the bar has been set pretty high.
Grand Theft Auto 4 has sold 8.5 million units directly to consumers, 11 million copies sold to retailers.
So yes, that means about 2.5 million are sitting on store shelves right now, waiting to be scooped up through the holiday season.
That was all reported in Take-Two's second quarter financials reported earlier this week, so...
Not too shabby 11 million units sold to retailers.
Take two very happy campers right now.
Extremely happy campers.
I wish I could sell 11 million units of one of my dream games.
I'd be rich.
I'd never have to work again.
Although we all know, I'm telling you, if LaserCats the game came out, that's like 25 million.
25 billion units.
I don't care.
There's not that many people in the world that everybody would buy like five copies because it would be that awesome.
Don't you think?
I smell another E.T.
Uh-oh.
You know, speaking of E.T., this is going to sound so random, but I don't care.
I'm in a mood tonight.
I was on Wikipedia this week reading about old-school Atari games like E.T.
and Pac-Man and, like, why they failed.
And it was fascinating.
I don't know.
I'm just kind of reading up on my video game history.
I think it's good to brush up on your video game history once in a while.
Because you played E.T.
and you're like, how is this anything like the movie?
I don't get this.
I didn't get it when I was five.
I don't get it now.
Forget it.
Can I do my story?
Yes.
Okay then, thank you.
More Xbox Live Arcade news is Commando 3, that's Wolf of the Battlefield, is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade as of, I believe, next Wednesday.
And will be 800 points.
And it also has an invite to Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix Beta.
So I wonder how many percentage of the purchasers of Commando 3 are actually trying to get the beta.
Like what happened with Crackdown in the Halo 3 beta.
No idea.
But Crackdown was a pretty good game, so hopefully Commando 3 is a pretty good game as well.
That would make it very worth it.
But I'm not a big fan of all these 800 price points lately.
Whatever happened to the $5 games?
When was the last time we got a $5 game?
Oh, wait, we had like Warlords and stuff.
I guess that wasn't really worth it, though.
Well, now the Penny Arcade came out for 1,600 points.
Everyone's like, hey, that game sells really well.
It's $20.
Let's make our shitty games $20, too.
Did anybody think there was a reason?
Forget it.
They won't put two and two together.
Well, we'll see.
If you don't want to download that, there are some other things you can download, especially if you own Guitar Hero 3.
They're going to have some new Motorhead tracks coming out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The pack that's coming out next week, which is the Isle of Wight, that is coming out June 12th.
The price has been unconfirmed, but it's probably going to be also 500 Microsoft points.
Includes Shoot the Runner by Cosbian, I Predict a Riot by Kaiser Chiefs, and Problems by the Sex Pistols.
So that's pretty awesome.
All right.
Well, also, speaking of ever-expanding games, Soul Calibur IV, the roster of players just keeps growing and growing.
And interestingly enough, when we got Darth Vader and Yoda announced for Soul Calibur IV, people were kind of like, oh, ha-ha, that's cute.
We're going to have these Star Wars characters in the game.
That's kind of random.
But here's the weird thing.
Star Wars vs. Soul Calibur
I'll say it again after I've played the game.
We'll see.
But here's the deal.
Darth Vader's Secret Apprentice is going to be in both versions of Soul Calibur 4.
Because, you know, Darth Vader's only going to be in the PS3 one, Yoda in the Xbox 360 one.
However, the Secret Apprentice... Now, the Secret Apprentice comes from Star Wars The Force Unleashed.
This guy's actually going to be in Soul Calibur 4.
So check that out.
When that game comes out a little later this year...
You know, they need to put Bob Barker into a fighting game.
Uh, huh?
Yeah, Bob Barker needs to be in a fighting game.
I mean, that would be pretty badass.
Immortalize him.
Put him in another Soul Calibur game.
Soul Calibur versus Happy Gilmore?
I don't know about that.
No, just like TV show hosts.
Just throw him in.
Random.
It doesn't have to make any sense.
The Star Wars stuff doesn't make any sense.
Just throw it in.
So if it's TV show hosts, can he beat up Rosie O'Donnell and Barbara Walters?
Yeah, sure.
Anything can happen.
Bob Barker, don't you know that he's held together by Clay and that formula from Death Becomes Her?
Celebrity Deathmatch.
That already was a game, wasn't it?
Speaking of characters held together by Clay.
I know, really.
Maybe they just need Celebrity Deathmatch 2.
that would be great but you know what they should have if they did something like that is have download characters and have it you know where you could customize you know they have like you know like they do in the wrestling game so you can make different you know people you know mimic them in wrestling games you should have something like that in Celebrity Deathmatch could be make your own celebrity
See what they need to do?
They need to have more games.
I'm a celebrity, damn it.
I want to put myself in the game.
I'm an internet celebrity.
I have a pen that says so.
What they need to do is have more games that have that kind of same humor as Kung Fu Hustle, kind of like God Hand, where it's just ridiculous and more of an anime style.
That was more of a brawling game, but more of a fighting game with some funny characters that are just really exaggerated and stuff like that.
Star Wars vs. Soul Calibur gets a lot of reaction from chat.
Let's check this out.
Gerardimo says, Star Wars, GTFO of my Soul Calibur.
Go get your own fighting game.
No, they already did that and that didn't turn out too well either.
The Terra...
Then let Namco do it.
Well, actually though, they're going to be doing something with the Force Unleashed on the Wii.
It's going to have a fighting game portion of it.
Why don't they just put a Star Wars game that's based off the Soul Calibur engine?
GS68 says this is Soul Calibur, not fucking Star Wars Calibur.
Cheeseburger says Chuck Norris in Soul Calibur will roundhouse kick everyone.
I dig that.
He doesn't have a sword, he just has his roundhouse kicks.
Why not?
GS68 says luckily if anyone picks a Star Wars character, I'll pick Ivy and suffocate them to death.
I'd be like boob smash.
Exactly.
Chat.orange.com Is it my turn now?
Is it?
Is it?
Is it?
It is.
Yay.
Well, I'm sure people who've listened to this show for quite a while now know that I have an interest in law.
I love... What?
But you are the law.
Rob.
What?
You know, I think that's an unhealthy obsession that you have there with Tekken.
I was just waiting for her to go I am the law.
I do have a Judge Dredd pinball machine in my house.
Thank you very much.
One of the former Supreme Court judges, Sandra Day O'Connor, is wanting to make a game that teaches court lessons.
It's called Our Courts.
It's a free game for kids between 12 and 15.
It basically lets you learn how courtrooms work, what the system is like, and learn actual legal issues.
When I was in school, we used to do court simulations using the modern-day courtroom system to judge historical acts.
I got to be Marie Antoinette, so I had to be really... Awesome!
I know.
Did they behead you?
First and foremost, don't get me started on the French Revolution because... Alright, because no one wants to hear about that.
Keep in mind, I'm a history buff.
I love my history.
Look, here, I'll retard the conversation a little bit.
You know what we did in our school to practice courtroom?
What?
We watched Nickelodeon Kids Court hosted by Paul Provanza.
That's what we did.
Oh, the other thing that we also did at my school was model United Nations and I got to be on the Security Council my senior year and that was freaking badass.
Because I had to tell both China and the U.S.
to shut up.
What country did you represent?
Hungary.
It was great.
Hungary was on the Security Council that year.
Considering that your life has evolved into a food podcast that sometimes talks about video games, that's really funny that you represented Hungary.
Oh, come on.
I know.
Home of the Habsburgs, right?
Anyway.
You can't write this shit, you guys.
It's all true.
Whatever.
So anyway...
It's basically just an educational game supposed to be put out so that children have a better understanding of how the government works without having to see the sort of farcical side of law enforcement with Grand Theft Auto and those types of things.
You know, to actually see where...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I want to give it a try.
She's actually quoted saying it will allow students to engage in real legal issues.
And it gives an example of a debate by someone wearing a controversial t-shirt.
So I guess that freedom of speech versus how stupidly offended everybody in this country gets over people sneezing the wrong way.
Sorry.
Robert M. makes the mandatory Phoenix Wright reference by saying, hold it
Yes, hold it.
Anyways, so this is kind of interesting.
There's been a couple stories that have come out recently about different gaming surveys and, oh my god, what it means and stuff like that.
Yeah, I have never seen anything about this.
And this just totally slipped under the radar for everybody, I think.
Thanks for watching!
What they describe, basically, here's their description of it.
This game will be a game creator and will provide a simple way to make your own games on the Xbox.
Using just the Xbox controller, you can build worlds, populate them with characters, and give the characters unique behaviors.
You can easily build racing games, platformers, and adventure games without touching a keyboard or leaving your couch.
So this is either XNA for dummies or LittleBigPlanet thing?
Boku is a programming environment for children that runs on Windows and the Xbox 360.
And basically what makes it kind of different is it uses symbols.
You have different objects for each symbol and you have actions and then other objects.
So you kind of tie them all together without any programming language.
So say you have a creature that looks like Pac-Man or something like that.
You could say...
The Pac-Man character eats dots.
And so that character will now seek out the dots and try to eat them or something like that.
It's basically simple like that.
But here's what I see.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know what that is.
Can you link that picture to our chat?
That's funny.
It looks like a pregnant Batman ghost.
But I just think it's really interesting.
Now, Dark Tattoo says it sounds neat.
I wish there was a PC version, but this is something being developed across both platforms, right?
It is going to be Windows and for the 360.
No idea, though, when it's going to be released or anything in that sense, but it looks like they're still working on it if they're sending out surveys about this thing.
Why has this only been a blip on the gaming radar?
This came out in 2007, the TechFest 2007.
So like March of last year is when this originally was shown.
And they only had it demoing.
So it was covered by Wired.
They actually had a little piece on it.
But that's about it.
I mean, I don't know.
It's very, very interesting.
I don't know.
It could be something that's coming soon.
Something maybe they'll show at E3.
Thank you for watching!
Game making software is actually pretty cool.
Vaguely, I actually do remember that.
Very vaguely.
It was pretty cool, but make something like that.
Maybe like LittleBigPlanet almost, but you can make your own games using this software and then distribute them to your friends or post them on some sort of integrated message board or something like that.
They're going to do the same thing with Blastworks, which is coming out this week.
That game is going to be pretty awesome.
I think it's going to catch a lot of people by surprise.
So...
This is the way things are going.
I'll link that picture in chat.
All right, well, while you're waiting for more information on Boku, you can get some games a little bit sooner across the world.
We like to cover release dates.
We're going to start off in Japan tonight.
Not a lot, sadly, coming out on the Xbox 360 this week.
But if we look at the PlayStation 3, hello, Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriots.
It's this week in Japan.
June the 12th is when you can get that.
And that is the Japanese language version you can get over there.
There's a premium pack, a special edition.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
A game called Breath.
Toki wa Akanero is coming out on June the 12th, as well as another Pachinko game that has to do with Neon Genesis Evangelion is coming out, just because we didn't have enough Evangelion games on the DS.
But I'm looking at what this Breath game is all about, and trying to figure out what this is.
It looks like an adventure game.
I'm trying to figure out if it's another dating sim, because it definitely looks like you have cute girls on the top screen and text on the bottom screen.
That's usually a good sign of a dating sim.
There's that game.
And also coming out in Japan, Othello de Othello DS, which I'm assuming is just the classic game you might know as Reversi.
Yeah, it is Othello, the old school game.
And also coming out on the Nintendo DS, Sekai wa Atashi de Mawateru is coming out, which is a RPG game from Global A Entertainment.
and quickly glancing to see if there's anything on the PSP of note or if Metal Gear is just dominating the Sony universe this week.
Medical 91 for Portable is listed for the Sony PSP.
That is a game.
It's not Trauma Center, I'll tell you that.
It's an adventure game.
There's no screenshots, I couldn't tell you more about that, but looks like there's one lone game on the PSP this week.
But otherwise, not a lot wanting to compete with Metal Gear Solid 4 this week over in Japan.
Well, we do have our UK releases, if anyone is interested.
We have on the 12th, Metal Gear Solid Online and Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriots.
Don King Presents Prize Fighter, whatever, that's on the 13th.
More on the 13th is Doodle Hex on DS.
Emergency Heroes, Family Ski, Okami on Wii.
Pro Cycling Manager 2008 and Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We've got Backyard Baseball 09 on PlayStation 2 and the Wii.
Jake Hunter Detective Chronicles on the DS.
Looney Tunes Cartoon Conductor, that's the one, if you may remember, that's a rip-off of Elite Beat Agents.
That will be coming out on the DS.
My Fashion Studio, also on the DS.
And...
Dragon Ball Z Burst Limit on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 and let's see here, Don King Presents Prize Fighter on the Xbox 360 and finally Blastworks, Build, Trade, and Destroy on the Wii, if you own a Wii you must buy this game, I'm telling you right now buy this fucking game huh
It's an awesome shooter game.
Everything's customizable in it.
You can build your own levels.
I'm thinking we should run a contest based on it, but I don't know.
It looks awesome.
I plan on picking it up when it comes out.
All right.
And GS68 says, Tumiki Fighters, you mean?
Well, yes.
Well, it's not exactly Tumiki Fighters.
They do have Tumiki Fighters in there as an unlockable game, but it is completely rebuilt, and it's a lot more than just Tumiki Fighters.
It's not just a ripoff.
It's got a lot of stuff to offer, so definitely check it out.
Did the company pay you to plug them?
No, the company did not pay me to plug it and I'm just, I think it looks really good and they're going to have this whole Blastworks Depot thing where you can upload and download objects created by other people.
So, you know, for example, you could take this and make like your own Star Fox game.
You can take this and make another Guardian Legends game if you wanted to.
You know, stuff like that.
So, I mean, I think it has a lot of
All right.
Well, hey, if you want to get something a little sooner as in right now, the PlayStation Network updated on Thursday, and they added quite a bit of new things.
They added something called Core, which we're going to talk a little more about in Part B, but they also added some new downloadable games.
Wolf of the Battlefield Commando 3 came out this week, $10.00.
as well as NovaStrike.
Some new things came out for Guitar Hero 3, including the new God of War song we talked about a few weeks ago.
It did finally come out this week.
Some new demos for you guys, including Civilization Revolution, Battlefield, Bad Company MP, and NASCAR 09.
Also some game videos for some varying games.
Hail to the Chimp.
which I'm sure you're all downloading right now, Lego Indiana Jones, slightly cooler, and very cool, Resident Evil 5.
The trailer is up for that if you're interested in checking that out.
Also some new themes.
A retro theme has come out for the PlayStation 3.
I'm not sure what type of retro that is.
How retro could that be?
I don't know, maybe PS1 graphics?
It's all Betamax.
That should be kind of rad.
comes up with like the beta logo and stuff.
And then a bunch of SOCOM, Fireteam Bravo 2 stuff in the PC PlayStation Store.
So you can check that out.
Some TV spots, wallpaper, and the whole freaking game itself if you want that.
So check that out.
PlayStation Network updates this week.
Well, another thing that's been updated is Sega's calendar.
It looks like that Sonic Unleashed is going to be out in November, but other things people might have been waiting on, like Aliens, Colonial Marines, and Empire Total War are both going to be out in 2009.
But the Beijing Olympics game is going to be out on the 27th of June, and on August 27th is a game called Space Siege, which is by Gas Power Games.
so other things that are set to be out is a Golden Axe I guess a revamp of it Sonic Chronicles Bioware role playing game and Picto Image DS also a sequel to Yakuza I hate to say this because I know Sega is near and dear to your heart and I don't know how you feel about this series but Golden Axe was something that was way cooler when I was a kid
I love Golden Axe.
I love Golden Axe the Duel a whole lot too.
But I went and I downloaded the Genesis version on Virtual Console and I was just kind of like, oh my god, this game is repetitive and boring.
It was so much better when I was a kid.
I don't know what it is.
But somehow the charm, the magic was lost.
Maybe it was because I wasn't playing with friends at a pizza joint.
You know what I mean?
Games like that are always much funner with friends.
Because couldn't you hit each other in that game?
Like if you're on that little...
and DarkSakura.
Spoilers, sorry.
I was going to say one of the games she forgot mentioning there.
Of course, we're going to like this game on the Wii.
Samba de Amigo.
That's out this summer.
Nice.
But only if there's like fake maracas.
I love maracas.
You know someone's going to release a maracas attachment.
They will.
They've talked about the little plastic sleeves and silly things like that.
And besides, if they don't, what a difference duct tape and maracas can make.
All you need to do is order more free condoms for your controller.
Seriously, we should do, okay, you know what we should do?
The Orange Zones Radio Edition maracas.
I love it.
and we make them out of paper mache like you used to do in kindergarten.
We'll get all the supplies at Michael's.
We will.
You can actually just buy gourds and duct tape a gourd to it.
That'd be fantastic.
If you don't live, Michael's is all across the US, right?
I think so.
It's a craft store.
If you live abroad, you haven't lived until you've visited a Michael's.
Let me just put it that way.
It's a great little craft store.
Anyway, forget it.
Dude, okay, I've been spending so much time with stuff I have to get at Michael's that, okay, I'm gonna make maracas.
Just you watch.
Do it.
I'll make them.
Put it on YouTube and all that stuff.
We have a YouTube channel we don't use for anything.
But I won't be on YouTube.
Your hands can be, right?
Yeah.
I've actually thought about buying a tub of the fondant there one time.
Because that stuff tastes like those animal cookies.
But it's really not good for you.
All right, forget it.
Move on, move on.
So something that has nothing to do with Michaels.
Unfortunately, it's sad to see that Itagaki has left Tecmo.
So you're not going to see him helming any more Ninja Gaiden or Dead or Alive games.
At least not with Team Ninja.
I don't know why he left, but I guess just...
Emotional distress, worsening personal relationships and work environment.
If I remember right, wasn't there something about unpaid overtime too?
Or something that factored into it?
I'm sure there are... Basically, he's a very disgruntled employee right now.
He's a rock star.
He can't be, like, you know, tied down with a job and stuff.
He has to be trashing hotel rooms.
Itagaki is a fucking rock star.
Like, you know, you don't see a lot of, like, gaming rock stars.
That's what they need.
Itagaki is a rock star.
They need him to hang out with, like, say, the guy that, you know, does the Castlevania games, Akira Yamaoka.
Just, like, make this, like, really kick-ass, like, you know, Guitar Wolf programming team that just, like, fucking says...
You know, they come in, they kick over the microphone, they're like, fuck this, you're buying our fucking game, and everyone's like, hell yeah I am!
So that's how they need to do it.
Because that would just, like, scare the crap out of the press.
That would be awesome.
Just come in, set something on fire, throw it into the crowd, just like, you know, that's how you sell your game.
Women coming out and wearing nothing but, you know, skimpy ass clothing.
They don't fucking care if it's offensive.
They're just like, whatever, man.
Just some fabric they bought at Michael's.
That's all.
Whipped cream, that's it.
Just whipped cream.
Barbecue condiments, I don't know.
Itagaki is a rock star.
So he'll go on to doing something, right?
I'm sure, yeah.
Just hopefully he doesn't decide to go develop playground equipment like a certain other people.
Unless the playground equipment electrocutes children.
That I could see.
And has fake boobs that are on it.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's what he does in the middle of the presentation, just a motorboat right there.
Busts out with that.
Empire game.
How come you never see someone like him busted for destroying hotel rooms?
That's what I want to know.
I don't know.
Like, just wait for this year's E3.
You know, that could be the Rock Band sequel.
No, keep in mind, instead of, you have Rock Band the RPG, where, you know, you go and you trash hotel rooms and have groupies and, you know, that type of thing.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
How about video game Rock Band or something?
Because you could play as Itagaki.
All right, maybe not.
Maybe not.
You know, Itagaki's got his own thing going on.
He's, you know, cool.
He wants to have champagne and only green M&Ms.
Yeah.
What would it be?
What?
Africa!
On to things less cool.
You're going to be a photojournalist, and you can take pictures on foot, in a car, or by air balloon, which is kind of rad, because you don't see hot air balloons make many gaming appearances.
And you can unlock non-CG pictures and actual research footage of animals as you encounter animals in game.
And it comes out on August 28th.
You build up this animal library.
Well, great.
I would like to know as much as possible about the things I'm running over in my Jeep.
I don't think you can do that in the game.
Damn it.
So basically it's Africa Snap, but it doesn't sound like it's on a track.
It sounds kind of a whole lot cooler.
I got to say this.
I was watching a trailer for the game, and with the graphics and all, I got to say, it does look like potentially it's going to be a very kick-ass, like I don't even know if you really call it a game, like a kick-ass thing.
It looks really neat, I gotta say.
So, you know, maybe we'll all end up eating crow about making fun of this game at E3 a few years ago.
But it actually looks kind of neat.
So I want to check this out.
Right, and then Aya Judgment's gonna be awesome too.
Oh, wait.
No, I mean, you really gotta check out the preview.
Like, the graphics look gorgeous.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Yeah, they do look gorgeous.
Great.
What does it say about the gameplay?
Nothing.
Exactly.
And the gameplay could suck, and this game could still suck.
But I'm just saying, there's hope.
Before, we had no hope.
Africa was just the running joke.
But now that we're finding out a little bit about it, it sounds interesting.
Exactly.
Just like Frisbee says in the chatroom, Africa equals Endless Ocean.
Yes, pretty much.
And how did Endless Ocean do?
Not very well.
There was another Safari game that was on the Wii.
That sucked.
I'd say the only Safari game that did any... This is not even really a Safari game, but a similar game that did really well was Pokemon Snap.
I'm going to guess that's because it had Pokemon in it.
Have we ever had a really kick-ass Safari game?
Like Jumbo Safari, of course.
That's just an arcade game.
People like that game because the seat moves and you're going really fast.
And you're catching animals.
And you can throw harpoons.
Harpoons make every game better!
Add that to the list of things that make games better.
One, Dragon Force.
Two, Harpoons.
That is true.
Three, Pokemon.
Who didn't love Scorpion in the first Mortal Kombat?
Pokemon does not make things better.
Stop that.
Okay.
That is wrong.
Yikes, it has been stricken.
Pokemon has flavor.
Okay.
Eating Pokemon would make a game better.
Okay, okay.
Number one thing that makes games better.
Dragon Force.
By the way, they have a new album coming out.
What?
Do what?
Number two.
Things that make games better.
Harpoons.
Three.
The other things that make games better.
Fire.
Shooting hookers.
We need to get them on the show promoting their album.
I will send them an email right after the show.
I will.
All right.
However, we have some other business to take care of real quick.
I like this.
Tiger Claw says in chat, the real question is, will Africa show animals doing it?
Yes.
Nope.
Since it's supposed to stimulate the wildlife.
Well, we know where my brain is.
Since it's supposed to simulate wildlife, what do wildlife often do?
Two things.
One, animals fuck.
Two, monkeys throw poo.
The end.
Did you see that there's a little robotic camera that you can drive around and take pictures with in Africa?
Yeah, there was like that little, like it looked like a Mars lander or something.
It looked kind of rad.
I can't wait to annoy things with that.
That's it.
Dark Tetsuya's got it.
What?
Instead of doing Africa, they should do Jurassic Park with a cam.
And you could like drop lawyers in there and, you know, watch them eat people.
Were you trying to avoid getting eaten by a velociraptor?
No, you have a robot camera.
Dude.
Taking a trip down memory lane for a minute, and we're about to get into the Classic Game of the Week, so this is okay.
I don't know if you remember this game, the original Jurassic Park game that was on Super Nintendo.
It boasted like it was one of the first games that used surround sound and all this stuff.
Now here's the thing, is that the game was kind of split into two parts.
There was an overworld thing that was kind of generic, like it was your basic 3D ISO type view where you go around the world collecting things, whatever.
Thank you for watching!
It was freaky.
And then Hitler comes out in a robotic machine.
But I was at Chesterview Lanes one time, back when they had an arcade and not a pro shop.
And they had, for some reason, their Jurassic Park shooter game was broken.
And so I got to play on free play the whole time.
So I've beaten the arcade one.
You know what I'm very disappointed in?
This is totally off topic, but that's fine.
Off topic, guys?
Who?
This show?
Off topic?
It has to do with games.
A couch.
We are getting a couch and I'm thinking we're going to put it right there where Loki usually sits.
Awesome.
By the way.
Jamie has the blue seat.
I am going to buy us an air conditioner with the funds that were donated to us.
Hooray.
And we're going to put it in that window and we're not going to burn our asses off here in the studio.
It's not that bad.
Not right now, but wait until August.
Hello.
Well, we could get more fans.
We'll get the damn air conditioner.
You know what?
We need a game called Beat the Heat.
or you actually take like pockets of heat and beat them to death.
One other quick thing about Jurassic Park.
Wasn't it weird that the Genesis version of Jurassic Park was like a completely fucking different game?
It was like, it was more of a side-scroller.
It was better.
It actually, well, kind of.
He could play as the Velociraptor and kill people.
True, alright, there you go.
Just about everything was different, you know, for games that would come out on one system versus the other.
All right.
Look, nostalgia is awesome and all, but we have another segment we do here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a chance for us to... It's nostalgic, too.
It is very nostalgic.
It's a chance for us to pay tribute, if you will, to the elders of gaming.
What?
I had a list of two, and thanks to Sauce, I have a list of one.
Well, you'll just use the other one next week, won't you?
I'll probably forget.
All right.
And I had to go in the vault to pick this again, too.
Look, look.
It's a classic video game of the week for you kids to dig up and play.
And DarkSakura is dug through the archives with sauce.
The archives.
The archives.
What is wrong with me tonight?
I'm broken.
Malfunction, malfunction.
All right.
Exterminate.
Exterminate.
What is the classic game the kids should be playing this week?
Space Channel 5.
Space Channel 5.
I came to the lobby.
According to the information, there are a lot of pilots and viewers.
We'll listen to some awesome boss music too while you talk about the game.
Well, I want to actually, because it's my favorite music in the game.
Alright, then we won't.
Yeah.
Anyway, Space Channel 5 is a game where it's sort of like a Simon Says kind of game where you play as a reporter named Ulala.
And this one is obviously from the Japanese version, but her voice actor in America was Apollo Smile, who was supposed to be like the living anime girl who's actually kind of a big hoe.
But, um...
With this one though, it is technically a music slash puzzle game.
So the whole point of this is that you run into these little aliens called Melodians.
And it's funny when you have your load screen that says, Now Meloding, which I thought was pretty funny.
But anyway, they'll name out a direction and then maybe a shoot button, and you have to mimic it when it's your turn.
And it has to be perfectly in time with the same rhythm that they did.
So you have to have a really good sense
and so on.
There's also a Game Boy Advance one that I didn't play because I refused to.
And Rez had Merolion in it as one of the evolutions for the characters.
So that was pretty cool.
There's also a Space Channel 5 minigame in Sega Superstars.
There's a spawn at the...
I've seen that.
She's in the add-ons, too.
Ulala and Pudding are playable characters in Sega Super Star Tennis.
Pudding is like her rival.
Pudding is also one of the best video game characters ever.
There's also Space Channel 5 Part 2.
Do you like D-Lite?
The group D.L.I.T.E.
I like the one song that everybody knows by D.L.I.T.E.
Quick, name two D.L.I.T.E.
songs.
It was Grooves in the Heart that everyone knows.
And I have one of their later albums that I thought was really good.
But Lady Miss Keir, who is their singer, actually opened a lawsuit against Sega for basing Ulala off of her without her permission.
and Hippolytus is in chat right now knows quite a bit about Delight apparently they split up years ago and Kier Kirby and DJ Dimitri married and Tawate was in that group too and he does remixes for like everybody but anyway the way that that went is that Sega offered her $16,000 for licensing and to use their songs and she refused and they went ahead and made the game anyway but she lost the lawsuit and had to pay Sega's legal fees so
of $608,000.
So, um... And actually, that was Michael Jackson doing his own voice acting in the game, by the way.
Because Michael Jackson loves Sega.
Didn't he only say, like, two things in the game, though?
He said, thank you, ooh-la-la.
Sega made that freaking Moonwalker game, which was all kinds of badass.
Well, actually, he had a whole big... In Space Shuttle 5 Part 2, there's a whole part of the game that's doing nothing but Michael Jackson dances.
I'm at the rocket launch site.
What could it be?
I can sense something suspicious.
I remember this stage.
Gerardmo Boots, he says, the first level is my favorite song they sing.
Up, Up, Kick, Up, Up, Kick, Right, Left, Kick, Right, Left, Kick, Down, Kick, Kick, Kick, Kick, Kick, Kick,
Shit!
Shit!
Shit!
Shit!
When she saves people.
Hey, I think is what they say.
But anyway, Space Channel 5 too, though, had my favorite bad guy in any game ever, though.
And that was the three robots that had the speakers coming out of their head that would sing like the barbershop quartet.
I think I remember that.
They were awesome.
We need more Space Channel 5.
We need more Ulala.
will be awesome.
All right.
Space Channel 5 is your classic game of the week available on the Dreamcast.
Also, it was repackaged for PlayStation 2.
That's right.
So check it out on either of those systems.
Would you say they're both good or you need to actually check it out?
Yeah, that's what I figured.
You always pick Dreamcast games.
Actually, actually, actually, Rob.
What?
I have to say that I do have Space Channel 5 2 on PlayStation 2.
And it was really good.
And I have played Space Channel 5 on PlayStation 2.
And it was also very good.
It was a very good port.
Alright, very cool.
Alright, I have a request.
Next week I'm going to challenge you to pick something not Sega.
But, I haven't done Sega, I don't, what was, okay, last week was Sega, the week before that, oh, the week before that was Sega.
Yeah, exactly.
What was the week before that?
Go check the wiki.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
Pick whatever the hell you want.
Sega is awesome.
Is there something creepy and not related to Sega in any way?
They're making another Barbie Horse Adventures game.
The fuck?
Okay, chat room.
People who update our wiki.
I need someone who has elite skills in Excel or Access to put everything into a spreadsheet and see the percentage of games that I have picked that are Sega.
Alright.
Thank you.
It's in Excel.
It's freaking easy.
AJ Mix says eight Sega games overall, I guess.
That's not that bad.
That's not that bad.
Alright.
Look, I'm just giving her a hard time.
That's what I do here on the program.
That's what they pay me to do.
I have to give a hard time back by having no sense of humor.
Alright.
Rob?
What?
We're going to take a well-deserved break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
When we come back, more of Orange Lounge Radio, including the taping of Part B. We'll be back right after this here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
