Today, June 15th, 2008, does Nintendo think you are a geek?
How can you get your picture in Street Fighter 4?
And many new role-playing games get dated for the Xbox 360.
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining us a little late tonight is the one and only dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
She's not here yet, but she's en route, so we'll connect with her when she gets here
to studio.
But already here and ready to go, the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
All right.
Gosh, I guess there's not a lot to say.
We don't have a lot of special guests tonight.
It's kind of a slow night.
It was kind of a slow news week up until about two hours ago, which we'll get into in a little
bit.
And we're just kind of sitting here waiting for next week, our sixth anniversary show.
We've had some changes in studio.
I don't know if you can see it on Justin TV.
A lot of people are bitching on Justin TV because it's kind of blurry tonight because
we just don't have the bandwidth right now to put out a really clear image and the way
we have things hooked up as a crappy revolution, not revolution, yeah, JTV revolution, TV,
TV revolution.
I don't know, but it looks like complete crap, but hopefully you can make out that Loki finally
has a real chair.
It's this nice blue little fluffy chair thing going on.
It's the chair that Jamie used to have.
She has a couch now.
Yes, because now there is a couch over there.
Maybe I can show the people on Justin TV about the couch.
I don't know.
Maybe if you untangle yourself from the chair there.
There.
Can they see that?
Yeah, they can see that.
It's a couch.
That's the couch.
Now I have to fix the camera, so we better start off tonight's show with a little bit
of how was your gaming week, Loki?
I didn't play a whole lot this week.
I meant to, but I just got distracted.
I'm 100% complete now with Grand Theft Auto IV, so I've got the achievement and all that
fun stuff.
Now, I finally got my video set up at home working, so I'm recording video now of game
playing.
I can do direct feed stuff now, which is cool.
I tried all these different ways to get my video capture thing to work right, and really
the only thing that ended up is I needed to bring back my TV, which you may remember was
in the old arcade cabinet, back from work and put it into the computer room.
So now I have a TV sitting on the floor there that I play video on, and it has a video out
on the TV, and that goes straight to the capture card, and it looks pretty, and it works awesome.
So what I've been doing, because I got bored on Friday and I was watching some GameTrailers.com
videos from Grand Theft Auto IV, and some of the glitch stuff that's in there, and one
of the new glitches that someone found is the evil swing set, and what the evil swing
set does is if you drive your car up to that evil swing set and leave it there for a second,
it will fling you way into the air, and it's hilarious.
So I was playing around with that most of the weekend, and recording video, and now
I've edited it down, and I'm trying to put something together coherent with it, and hopefully
we'll see a lot more of these things.
So we might actually have something on our Orange Launch Radio YouTube channel.
Yes.
Because we haven't had anything on there in like two years.
I think the last thing that's on there is when you and Jamie were interviewed by the
news station about Guitar Hero 1.
That's pretty old.
That's the last thing that's on there.
So good, I'm glad to hear we have some updates.
That's awesome.
And I got a video camera too, so I'm hoping I can do some stuff as well, especially with
Penny Arcade Expo around the corner, which I still need to book my flight for, I've been
a very bad boy, but I do plan on going.
So it'll be fun.
And Blizzcon, Blizzcon's definite as well.
I did pick up Blastworks this week, and I actually meant to do stuff with it, but Nelly
was playing Speed Racer a lot this week.
She really has found a game she loves, huh?
No, she's already bored of it, because she's gotten to a part now where it's so hard that
she can't go any further, so she's like kind of given up on it and going back to reading.
But no, I actually have Blastworks, and I meant to do some really cool stuff with it,
but I haven't quite gotten everything that I need.
My setup and everything's all ready to go.
I just need to, I don't know, actually sit down and do it.
Basically, I want to put the Star Fox ships in Blastworks, because it makes sense.
Star Fox, very simple looking, and you could probably recreate it pretty simple.
So I'll make some levels out of that, that'd be fun.
But yeah, we already have a thread going on our forums, and people are exchanging stuff.
There's been some pretty cool stuff already made, like an OLR sign, and the...
I haven't seen that.
I saw the Phoenix Wright one, not Phoenix Wright, Apollo Justice, I saw the Apollo Justice
thing.
Yeah, you gotta check it out.
They have an OLR sign, and there is some other stuff on there too, that's pretty funny.
So definitely worth checking out.
Yeah, if you want to see that, just head on to our very archaic website at orangeloungeradio.com.
We were gonna get a new website, we really need to look into that.
And go to our forums, and you're gonna click on the OLR me clans, and you go to the Blastworks
custom data thread, and let's see, there's the Apollo Justice, oh look at that, that's
cute.
The OLR billboard made by GS68, that's pretty rad.
And then some more ships there that he made.
I like that.
That's cool.
Yeah, that's one thing I think this game's gonna catch a lot of people by surprise, because
there's so much you can make with it, and there's that online community where you can
share stuff, download other things.
So once you get done playing the game and unlocking the four other games in it, I mean
you can practically play all new games, you know, forever.
So it's pretty awesome.
Wow, sounds pretty good.
Alright, well as far as my gaming week goes, let me see, what kind of stuff have I been
playing in my gaming week?
Not a whole lot, because you know, there was World of Warcraft, and we went through all
of Karazhan in one night, because you know, we're addicted, and Irene called me, and she
was like, Rob, Karazhan.
So there was that.
But I have been playing other games.
I checked out the demo for Civilization Revolution on the Xbox 360.
This is a game I've been pretty excited about, because if you've listened to this show before,
you know I love old school Civilization, like the very first one that was on the PCs back
in the early 90s.
I love this game to bits, even as much as most console games.
I mean, it's probably my favorite PC game of all time, certainly.
So I wanted to see how it translated to console, and I gotta say, I am pretty impressed.
I think they took out a lot of micromanaging that made Civilization really complicated.
I mean, not to say it's bad, because playing Civilization Revolution, I also went back
to go play Civilization 4, which I had skipped, because I wasn't all that big on Civilization
3.
I was like, ah, nothing's ever gonna live up to the original.
I actually really enjoyed Civilization 4, even though there's more of that micromanaging,
and you actually have to kind of manage your settlers and all that going on there.
But in Civilization Revolution, they've really kind of, I think, I guess streamlined a lot
of it to make it more accessible to a newbie, and made it just feel more like a casual gaming
experience.
I guess maybe that's what it is, it's more, but I feel weird calling Civilization a casual
game, because it's really not.
But they made it, I guess, a little easier, but I don't want to say they dumbed it down,
because Civilization is a very smart game.
You know what I mean?
I was gonna say that I'm not really looking forward to Civilization, but Red Alert 3 is
gonna be coming out later this year, and that might be something I have to look at.
Is that something that's coming out on consoles?
Yes, on the Xbox 360, and I think PC.
So it'll be pretty awesome.
Huge Red Alert fan, though.
I don't know, though, I'm more of the PC Red Alert, because I like cheating my ass off
in that game, especially playing with the rules.ini files and stuff like that, and adding
the school bus of death, and fun stuff like that.
Hmm.
Alright.
Let's see, other games I played this week, well I guess it was just the Civilization
4, and then for some reason I had a night of Atari 2600 gaming, thanks to GameTap.
I went back and played Kaboom, and went back and played Freeway, and all these crazy 2600
games that I remember from the past.
It was all good.
And that was really it.
Didn't play a whole lot of new stuff.
I don't even remember what came out on Xbox Live Arcade this week.
Was this Commando this week?
I think it was Commando.
I think I wanted to check that out, but I just never got around to that.
Alright.
Alright, so Dark Sakura is settling in, she just got here.
I hate people.
Sorry, I hate people, too.
I hate people to get in my way.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
Did you have a good gaming week?
We bought Crystal Castles for the Atari 2600 today, and Dragon's something that's the Genesis
equivalent of Devil's Crush.
Oh, I don't even know this game.
I forgot the name, I'm kind of...
I'm sure a chatter will think of it, chat.orangetonstrategy.com if you want to join in the fun.
And I finally found the one movie I've been looking for that, you know, I've been finding
it expensive, even used, and I was pissed off, but I finally, finally found it for ten
bucks.
Yeah.
Hypercube.
Oh, okay.
That's like Cube 3, right?
Cube 2.
Huh.
If you haven't seen it, you can come over and watch it with me, because it's the awesome
one.
I haven't seen Cube 2 or Cube 3, I've seen the original Cube.
Cube would be a pretty badass video game, wouldn't it?
I have to tell you, someone has made a Hypercube mod for Half-Life.
Uh-huh.
Interesting.
I like Hypercube just because it has to do with weird physics.
You know, stuff that Carl Sagan talked about.
Gameguru in our chat at chat.orangetonstrategy.com says, Keystone Capers for the win.
There's a lot of Atari 2600 left tonight.
What possessed you to go get Crystal Castles for the 2600?
We were at Dimple and it was there, and so we bought it.
Well, alrighty.
And I almost bought Season 5 of Bullshit.
How far can you get in Crystal Castles?
Like, I can only get to like the second set of boards, and like, I guess there's like
10 sets of boards, and I'm like, oh my god, this game is massive, and I really suck at
it.
Well, the best Crystal Castles player in the world, if you watch the King of Kong video,
he's in it.
At least he was the last one who got the record on it.
He plays it with his feet.
Wow.
Like with the trackball, with his feet?
The arcade is sitting in a chair, using his feet.
That's pretty rad.
I have to say that is pretty, pretty amazing on a stupid computer.
So we're always on the cutting edge of gaming here at Orange Lounge Radio, playing Atari
2600 games this week.
I've had plenty of edges of stuff.
Usually paper cuts on the manuals.
Oh yeah, we also had a good bit of Metal Gear Solid 4 being beaten twice over in my house.
That's what the other one was, Frogger 2.
Oh god.
I think probably better left forgotten.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The Frogger games weren't all bad.
But I want to hear about, the hell with Frogger.
I want to hear about Metal Gear Solid 4, because I'm not a PlayStation 3 owner.
I was listening to Bobby Blackwolf live, because you know, he's on live before us over at AllGames.com,
and one of his callers called in to just rave about the game.
Dark Soccer, I know you've been a Solid Snake fan for a while.
What do you think?
It was pretty epic.
Pretty epic.
And Dan hurt his fingers playing.
He actually got a cramp in his middle finger.
Wow.
I was like, my man, hardcore gamer.
And I'm sure he's showing it off to everybody.
Look what I hurt.
Look what I hurt.
No.
He's been talking about it though.
I have to say though, it's got like the longest fucking ending in the universe.
And it's also the biggest WTF ending in the universe, which I'm not going to say more
than that.
Right.
But it has plenty of my man in it.
Solid Snake?
Because I'm like the only one that likes Raiden.
Oh, Raiden.
And on top of that, it's a lot of Raiden kicking ass until he doesn't kick ass.
And that's not all I'm going to say about that.
But I have to say that I'm overall pleased with the project and give Kojima and team
mad props for doing a good job.
I don't know if you can say this without spoiling, so you can say I can't answer.
But does it leave the door open to Metal Gear Solid 5?
Actually yes.
Okay.
And I'm not going to-
Is there a dog ending?
That's Silent Hill, dummy.
It doesn't matter.
They can branch out.
All right.
But I do have to say that I was sitting in my little hole in the house being the computer
room.
You know where I'm talking about.
Right.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden I hear the Snake Eater theme.
And I'm like, what?
And I just have to say that for fans of the older series, there's major, major nods to
the old Metal Gear series.
And I'm not going to tell you what they are, but it's really, really-
Fucking epic.
And-
The way that they do it is really cool.
And I can't support this game in any way also, by the way, because Solid Snake in the game
uses an Apple iPod.
Oh shut up.
I don't think he-
No, there is an Apple iPod in there.
Just shut up.
What wonderful product placement.
I don't remember seeing any of that going on in the game, because they were too busy
shooting stuff and talking about love on the battlefield.
Love on the-
Love is a battlefield.
Yeah.
No, it's like this constant spiritual metaphor for-
Do you know what would make Metal Gear Solid 4 better?
Snake not being old.
It's a musical.
Okay the whole-
You know what my subtitle for this game has been?
What?
It's Metal Gear Solid 4, damn Snake, you got old.
That's it.
That and WTF towards one of the female characters.
Alright.
I gotta say some comments from chat.
Ossifer says, I got MGS4 and it's pretty kick ass.
It's the first game I've ever played in the series, but damn, one word describes it.
Epic.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
One word goes, well, you haven't played the older ones, but you've got an idea now.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Careful with putting that mic there, because the fan- Our studio has been rearranged.
I was telling the listeners earlier.
Now Jamie gets her own couch.
I'm waiting for her to kick her feet up one night and just- It doesn't work there either.
You gotta put it next to you or something.
Where's the ferret?
Where's my baby?
Where's your ferret?
It's in- Your ferret is used in our D&D game, so it's in the house.
You're playing D&D and not tell me?
You wanna come play?
Sure, I can invite you.
Yeah?
We're like level four.
Oh god.
What?
Oh god.
I just like- I gained like- I have a level six wereweasel.
50,000 nerd points with our listeners, like I'm the uber nerd now.
I have a level six wereweasel.
I'm a bard.
I'm a level four bard.
Spoonie bard?
Not quite a- I'm a sassy bard, not a spoonie bard.
My wereweasel has tasted of human before.
But you're- The ferret, because somebody has a ferret familiar in the game, so we actually
use the ferret as the ferret.
Do you remember- You remember Mel and Eric from the DDR days, right?
Yes.
That's what I need to deal with.
The ferret is Mel's companion.
Well, I will talk to peeps.
Well, if it's on Tuesday, I can't do it.
It's not Tuesday.
It's like weekends, usually.
Okay.
All right.
Cool.
All right.
Yeah.
Valerno in chat is asking who's breathing into their mic-
This is the fan thing, and I'm not gonna do anything about it, so shut up.
It's the fan.
All she has to do is put her mic down, like not on the arm, but on the- Yeah, just leave
it in your cleavage.
It'll be fine.
Or put it- Just put it below the arm so the fan's not blowing on it.
All right.
My face is above the arm line, so I need like a shield over the mic.
All right.
Forget it.
Xenocore says, Sky, you better be playing version four or you're lame.
We started playing before four was out, because four just came out.
You know what?
Fuck everybody, because it's all about version two.
Oh.
Two and 2.5.
Why you gotta bring THAC0 into this?
Hell yeah.
I can still calculate THAC0.
All right, look.
We've really gotta get back to video games.
I want to say another quick thing about Metal Gear Solid 4.
I just noticed this on Digg earlier today.
Apparently GameSpot has given Metal Gear Solid 4 a 10 out of 10.
It's only the sixth game in history to do so.
Do you think this is a game that's deserving of all the praise- What if I need to give
it?
Ah, 40.
So- Do you think it's deserving- I trust- I trust
fund me to over GameStop- Well, they also gave Nintendogs a 40 if I remember
right, so I'm a little- But Nintendogs was great.
For five minutes.
But more like five days.
All right, I'll give you that.
Actually more like five weeks.
Five days.
Because about five weeks is when I started getting tired of it, and I guarantee you a
month from now people are going to be Metal Gear what?
Because people have that kind of attention span that would be none.
Xenocore in chat says fuck Thacko, and Kekoman2Dx says they apparently took bards out of four.
Do fuck fourth edition if that's the case.
Dude, it's- Fuck it right and it's here.
It's all about second edition and playing a freaking, uh, uh, Bladesinger.
All right.
It's all about it.
Enough D&D chat.
It's all about custom spells and the flesh to toast spell.
No!
No, the best spell ever, and I have to tell everybody about this.
My friend- Oh god.
My friend Derek, by the way, congrag- I know you're not listening, but congratulations for
getting married, um, last week, um, he, um, had a character named Blackstar who created
a spell called Blackstar's Instant Chaos.
And so far, I think we got to about five pages, but it was supposed to be ten pages of a hundred
effects so the spell would have a thousand effects, random.
We've had Jesus in our game before.
We've had golf umbrellas pop up.
We have had, um, a Mortal Kombat machine land on a lich.
All sorts of funny things happen in this game.
And also, um, one of my characters actually had a breast enlargement by accident because
of the spell.
Can we talk video games now?
I just thought I'd share that.
All right.
The best spell ever.
I do like that and I fully endorse that in any, you know, upcoming RPG.
Oh my god, SSJ100Matt hit the nail on the head.
We substituted food talk tonight with D&D talk.
At least we're- These french fries suck, by the way.
At least we're getting part way there.
At least we're talking about games of some sort tonight.
I had tiramisu ice cream today.
All right.
Look.
And it was great!
We're going to get to talking about video games, but first, some housekeeping news.
A very happy Father's Day to all our gamer daddies who are out there listening.
It is June 15th of 2008 as we're taping this live.
It is Father's Day.
So, uh, to all of our gamer dads who happen to be listening to the show, happy Father's
Day.
All games dot com was hack sword earlier this week, which kind of sucks.
I don't know why people keep hacking all games dot com because they are only doing good for
the gaming community, but I guess some people want to hack it just because they can and
like the challenge.
So folks are having to listen to us tonight through- directly through all games radio
dot com.
From what I hear though, all games dot com is completely being redesigned and there's
going to be a complete new site in its place soon.
And I wish someone would do the same for OrangeLaunchRadio dot com because damn our old site's getting
old.
So, um, next week on the show, episode number 284 is the sixth anniversary of OrangeLaunchRadio
if you can believe it.
A day early for all practical sake, but it's the closest day that falls to our anniversary.
The very first episode of OrangeLaunchRadio is June 23rd, 2002, where such topics included
us talking about keyboard mania at our local Roseville Golf Land.
And we've come a long, long way in six years and we're going to be talking a lot about
that next week.
Although I did put the word out there.
I asked the listeners, what do you want to see for the sixth anniversary of OrangeLaunchRadio?
I'm very disappointed in the lack of feedback.
There were like a couple people that made suggestions and when I say a couple, I literally
mean like two.
So make a suggestion now.
I will be very, very disappointed with you.
Where can they send suggestions?
In chat?
Mailbag.
All right.
It's a mailbag.
It's a mailbag.
In chat.
I can't guarantee.
I'll read it, but you can do it and we'll see what happens.
All right.
Cause right now we're just going to do the same old shit we've been doing for the past
six years.
Make a goddamn suggestion before I go into your dreams and stab you in your imaginations.
Have you had a bad day, DarkSakura?
Yes.
All right.
I had to go back for my fucking laptop.
All right.
Let's see.
Rama says, let Travis roast the host.
I don't know about that idea.
I don't know if I could take that.
If he hasn't enough outside the show.
Misty says, but I no has any ideas.
Cry.
Make one.
All right, look, we've got a lot of gaming news to get to tonight.
We have late breaking news.
For all practical purposes, this was a slow news week up until about two, three hours
ago when I think the roof just got blown off of something.
Now, granted, these are rumors.
Loki, what the hell is going on?
Update us on the latest.
This isn't even on our list of tonight's stories, but this is huge.
This isn't even.
I wouldn't say this is rumors.
I would say it's a little bit above rumors since this is actually coming from a survey
site called Intellis, I guess, Intellisponse.com.
Apparently my guess is someone got some sort of survey based on one of these news items
and then figured out, hey, look, I can go back in the directories here a little bit.
Oh, look at all this other stuff.
There's everything from mainly Activision and Microsoft stuff.
The big juicy stuff, of course, number one being avatars coming to the Xbox 360 dashboard.
They actually have a picture of some avatars, including someone that looks like they're
dressed up like Winnie the Pooh, which is kind of weird.
It says avatars are digital personas available this holiday for all Xbox Live connected members
and the spring for all new console owners.
Avatars will be used in place of the gamer picture you have today and give you a much
more lifelike animated, fully customizable persona for you to reflect who you are online.
Oh, we're getting Miis.
Pretty much.
I would say these are a step up from Miis, but essentially, yeah.
Their Miis second mix.
That's what it is.
Miis club mix.
Yes, exactly.
OK, so let's see here.
There's also information about Guitar Hero 4.
The instrument bundles are supposed to cost one hundred seventy nine dollars with, you
know, the same kind of stuff you get in like rock band, drum set, guitar, microphone and
the game.
It's supposed to be one hundred seventy nine dollars.
I'd say that's about right.
And some new information about the Guitar Hero 4 guitar.
It will be upgraded and will feature new touch sensitive neck, which will allow you to do
neck slides and opens up the entire guitar neck for unbound solos.
Shred how you want.
And then some of the artists that they mentioned for Guitar Hero 4.
Jimi Hendrix, The Doors, Foo Fighters, Smashing Pumpkins, Korn, System of a Down, Ozzy Osbourne,
Interpol, Muse and dozens more.
And let's see here also, there is some information about remember a while ago, Lips appeared
on a press site for some Microsoft announcement.
I do.
Yes.
Well, Lips is a music and singing game that's going to include 30 songs and two wireless
interactive microphones, the ability to use and sing your own music or download songs
from an online service.
It's designed to have fun with your friends.
Lips scores you on your singing, pitch, rhythm and tune and overall performance.
The wireless mics are interactive with lights on the shaft of the microphone that pulse
with the rhythm of your voice and motion sensors that allow you to dance and move or swing
to score points.
And then you can take songs from your CD or iPod and upload them into the game.
I'm sure they also mean to say Zune as well since this is an Xbox 360.
And the game will reduce the vocals down so that you can sing along and be heard and score
on whether you're in tune or not.
And lyrics can be added directly into the song to sing aloud.
There is a new Tony Hawk game that's going to be using a motion sensing board controller
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
In fact, I'm going to try to find this here real quick.
This is from a screenshot.
This is from chat while you're looking for that, Game Guru said, tomorrow's news and
tell a response out of business.
I don't know, but people are going to be pissed.
I mean, with all these like news stories coming out, did E3 just get ruined?
A lot of their big, I think big splashes may have gotten ruined a little bit.
With this whole app.
So we have Microsoft, OK, they've taken the Miis and made it a little better with the
whole avatars thing.
They've taken the whole karaoke revolution SingStar thing and made it a little better
with this lip sing and this whole like that you can put in any song, you get the vocals
taken out.
That's like a big freaking deal, although it probably won't work perfectly.
That's still kind of a neat feature that the other games don't have.
I mean, this is interesting.
Oh my God.
And this just in, I just saw this and tell a response has also apparently found the theme
song from Microsoft's press conference for E3 this year.
This is amazing.
We have a clip.
All right.
Anyways, the Tony Hawk game, I guess is the current name right now is Tony Hawk's Adrenaline.
It's going to feature a new motion sensing board controller that takes your game off
the couch and launches you into the ultimate skateboarding experience.
Thanks to an intuitive board based control scheme, it's never been easier to pull off
amazing tricks and feel the sensation of skateboarding.
Shift your weight to turn and balance grinds, kick back on the tail of the board to ollie
and lean into errors and pull off huge spins.
Feel the sensation of dropping the 60 foot mega ramp bombing down the world's steepest
streets and watching earth disappear behind your board as you launch out of a half pipe.
Question, graphics amplify the fun as you ride thrilling situations like these, put
down the controller step on the board and feel the sensation of going big.
And they say it's going to be 59.99 for the PS3 and Xbox 360.
I'm guessing if it's going to come with a board, it's not going to be that price.
Anyways, let's see here.
What else we got here?
This is interesting.
I'm not sure what the hell this is though.
It's something called Trioxide and it says, introducing the ability to play the latest
console games, Xbox 360, PS3, and Wii on your PC.
Many of these games are only available on consoles today and with this new feature,
they will now be available on the PC as well.
This is with this feature, those console games are now playable on your PC.
Use the same game controllers as the original console systems.
All games use regular console controllers, not your computer, keyboard, or mouse.
Now see, I read an interesting theory on that whole thread that was going on on NeoGAF where
this whole thing exploded, that Trioxide was a possible codename for Xbox 360 because they
saw some prices in here, 49 and 299, and people were speculating that maybe 49 is the new
price of the controllers and 299 is this new system skew that a lot of folks are speculating
Microsoft's going to drop on us at E3 because I guess it's not uncommon for Xbox to use
names of like, chemicals, because I think helium was a codename of theirs once.
Well, Trioxide, let's see, that would be, um, Ozone, yeah, O3, no, maybe, okay, I think
this is why, I think this is why we're in this territory of, it's rumors, but slightly
above it, you know, like there's got to be some fact to this, I mean, this company is
legit, there's a lot of smoke coming from this, right, but there's, there's probably
some red herrings amongst this because what these people did is they were basically sending
out surveys, marketing research, and that's how this whole thing got blown, is that if
you go to one of those websites, ran this whole Avatars thing because it was, somebody
sent it to them confidentially from this website that they were being asked about this whole
Avatars thing on a research, well then that link got taken and some people blew it wide
open and found all the other surveys that were out there too, that's how this whole
thing started.
I mean, there's some legitimacy to this underneath, but there's still a lot being drafted to it.
Okay, let's see what else we've got here.
Um...
Scenic Pop Culture Edition makes perfect sense since they've already come out with a scenic game there.
The groundwork's already there, so I can see that happening.
Extreme Makeover Home Edition for the Wii and DS.
Uh, I can see that too.
Gossip Girl for the Wii and DS.
What?
Ultimate Band for the Wii, PS3, and Xbox 360.
That, if I remember correctly, Ultimate Band, I know for the Wii, is a Buena Vista game.
That's, um, or Disney Interactive, yes.
And that, it is a band game that does not use instruments, and that's something that's already been announced.
You can play Hannah Montana songs to your heart's content.
I guess, yeah.
Uh, Wii Yoga, which I guess is supposed to follow along an inspirational yoga guru, instructor,
machine, all these on-screen poses, stretches.
Wasn't there yoga in Wii Fit?
Well, this is something else, okay?
So, someone else, I mean, there's a lot of yoga games out there, trust me.
Um, I've seen them, I have to sell them, it sucks.
They have some stuff on Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
Um, a bunch of, you know, because this is a lot of Activision stuff on here, um, in
this new Marvel Ultimate Alliance action role-playing game, civil war erupts, and the world's greatest
heroes and villains must choose sides.
Select your side in the conflict and assemble your team of a roster of 20 Marvel Legends,
including Hulk, Wolverine, Spider-Man, Venom, and the Human Torch.
Combine your team's power and the blah blah blah, it says, um, you can also fuse different
powers between characters, such as fusing Spider-Man's powers with Storm to give Spider-Man
lightning webs, so that's kind of neat.
I do not want.
That's weird.
Um, so, yeah, and there's some other stuff.
I know, this has already been announced that's coming out, so that's not a surprise.
This is new, though, Spider-Man vs. Marvel Zombies.
The Marvel Zombies series is just crazy.
Wow.
I don't know if you've read any of them, but they're nuts, and there was an Army of Darkness
vs. Marvel Zombies 2.
I thought you'd look like that.
So, there's going to be a set in the popular Marvel Zombies comic series.
You assume the role of Spider-Man and must save the world from zombie menaces that threaten
to destroy it.
Um, play this adventure game in an open city, free-swing environment, and a war-torn Earth,
and the game takes place in the year 2149 in the warped version of Earth.
Um, fight against other Marvel heroes and villains who you've already, who have already
succumbed to the zombie horde, or become a zombie yourself.
So, that's interesting.
I'm guessing that's probably coming out next year sometime.
Uh, Transformers 2 probably will suck, because the first one really sucked.
Obviously, this is something that's way far away, but probably going to come out around
the time of the next movie.
So, I think that was 2010, so, way, way off there.
And they have some generic stuff on that, um, let's see here, um, okay, this is a little
bit bigger.
Well, actually, this is weird too.
They have a balance board game using, or it's a Spider-Man game using the balance board.
It says, um, it might be Spider-Man's heart that keeps him going, or maybe his strength.
Step on, or step into Spider-Man's shoes and decide for yourself.
One jump, leap, stomp, and kick at a time.
Climb atop your Wii Fit board to control Spider-Man's acrobatic abilities like never before.
Lean one way or the other to send Spider-Man's story into the air.
Jump as high as you can to propel, uh, Spider-Man off of Manhattan's tallest rooftops.
I don't see how you could do that, because they don't want you jumping on the Wii balance
board, so, it'll be interesting.
Hmm, that's true.
Um, let's see here, Tiger Claw says the sequel is going to be called Transformers 2 Revenge
of the Fallen from our chat room.
Uh, then they had some stuff for Call of Duty 5, mainly 5 different box shots so that they're
deciding between, um, what they want to use, same with the Spider-Man web of shadows.
Finally the biggest one, um, this is coming from Forza 3, they had some stuff on that.
Forza 3, of course, you know, big racing game, uh, it says do the number of cars and tracks
included in Forza 3, it will be sold as a 2-disc set, it says, uh, key features of Forza
3 include highly detailed real world cars and track models, over 400 cars and 100 tracks,
near limitless customization options for cartooning and custom artwork, a variety of online community
features, highly accurate racing simulation, including real world damage, new race modes,
drag, drift, oval, point to point racing, etc., uh, powerful assist system to help new
players get into the game quickly, and, what else?
But all that is subject to change, obviously, because he's probably thinking that, yeah.
Yeah, this is all stuff that's going on right now, and it says also imagine that an exclusive
Forza 3 limited collector's edition was released that would include the full version of the
game plus membership in a special VIP program that would entitle the buyer to all future
Forza 3 downloadable content, access to exclusive online race events and prizes, VIP status
on Forza auction house and community boards, extra service space for photos and videos
in a free month of live, and the collector's edition will also include exclusive motorsports
content not found anywhere else, and it says this can be anything from authentic racing
gear, gloves, helmets, etc., to specially created automobile and manufactured gear,
branded jackets, etc., to VIP motorsport event tickets.
See, that sounds kind of cool, but like, this stuff's so early that it's probably just,
you know, what they want to do, and they're also kind of getting people's opinions on
this stuff.
You know, and if you dig even deeper in that NeoJF thread, people kept finding more stuff
on that site, like, I don't know, I didn't read into how the security hole was opened
or whatever, but.
It basically, well, I saw it earlier before they took everything down.
Oh, it's fixed now?
Because, yeah, it is fixed now, and there's some other stuff that was on there too, including
there's a game for, it was called Crucible that they had a video for.
Animal Planet Emergency Vet was a game that was on there, you know, like the show on Animal
Planet.
Bill Nye Science Lab on the Wii, no joke, Bill Nye the Science Guy finally gets a Wii
game.
That was like one of our dream games, wasn't it, I don't know, and then get this, You Don't
Know Jack on the Wii, finally, finally this game's coming back, thank God.
I know two other games that haven't been mentioned yet.
Oh, really?
They're also based off, like, TV shows, actually.
Oh.
Hell's Kitchen is getting a game, which I think is kind of funny, and The Price is Right.
Hell yeah!
What for Wii?
Wii and DS.
I don't know, though, it probably's gonna suck.
You just can't play Plinko at home, it's not the same, you know what I mean?
It's just not the same.
I don't know.
Alright.
They had a Price is Right game on Commodore 64, didn't they?
Years ago?
They had some pretty old ones.
I was seeing some other stuff on here, too, and I'm sure a lot of people now are starting
to make up stuff to go along with this, but, I don't know, it's interesting.
I think a lot of the stuff you're going to see at E3, and shit, it's only a few more
weeks away, really.
I mean, E3, what, a month away?
Well, I'm very curious to see what the fallout from all of this is, what the response is
from Microsoft tomorrow.
Oh, it's going to be a lot of do not comment shit, that's all it's going to be.
I'm very curious to see Microsoft's comment tomorrow, besides, you know, the standard
anything you can do, I can do better.
It is very interesting.
It sounds like they do have a lot of stuff up their sleeves.
And they said they had a few aces still up their sleeves for stuff, so.
Well, A for Ace Avatar, I don't know.
Alright.
And after Matt says in chat, Price is Right for the Wii, Itagaki better do it, so he get
the bouncy titties, because you know that's why people watch the Price is Right.
Oh my God.
Come on down!
Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga.
They should totally.
Too bad it's all grandmas.
Totally.
Like we were saying back, you know, last week, how Itagaki would do, like, you know, how
I appear, he would do, like, a press event or whatever, you know, kicking over stuff,
you know, saying things on fire, that kind of thing.
That would apply to Price is Right, too.
I think that would be pretty awesome.
That would be.
We're making a Price is Right game, bitch.
Alright.
Alright, so definitely lots more to come.
That story, of course, all still in development, was very new.
We'll see how this develops throughout the week.
Meanwhile, let's get into the news we were going to talk about anyway tonight, even though
that took like 20 minutes to cover, but that's pretty big.
Let's quickly run through some of the other week's news and let you guys comment.
Alright.
Christopher says, Microsoft's comment, fuck, you didn't just hear that.
Nintendo is suing Nyko over the Comma Wireless Nunchuk, which doesn't really make much sense
to me when I think about it, because, you know, people put out third party accessories
all the time.
I guess Nintendo is just really super anal about people putting out, you know, third
party remotes and nunchucks, because actually if you think about it, I remember Mad Cats
was putting out a third party remote that kind of looked like a dildo, but actually
that's never come out yet.
So I'm wondering if these people are just getting blocked by Nintendo for this stuff,
but either way, they are suing them because apparently it appropriates the novel shape,
design, overall appearance, and even the colored materials used in the Nintendo Nunchuk controller.
Except it's also wireless, but apparently it's similar enough, and people are thinking
hey, maybe Nintendo is making their own wireless nunchuck.
I doubt that, but, I don't know, it still sucks.
So if you're looking to buy a wireless nunchuck, do it now, before they're pulled from shelves.
Do you think this has any merit on Nintendo's part?
It's just weird because there's tons of third party controllers out there, why this one?
It's true that, you know, it has merit, but at the same time though, I thought that this
stuff has to be approved through Nintendo first, before they make these peripherals,
they have to approve it with Nintendo.
Because the same could be said with the Wii Zapper, there's a bunch of things that came
out before the Wii Zapper that were pretty much exactly the same as the Wii Zapper.
And some things, in fact, Nyko even made a better peripheral than the Wii Zapper for
gun games.
But I don't know, it sucks.
I don't know, because it's something that people want, so they're going to buy it.
I don't think they're going to lose any nunchuck sales on this, maybe they will a little bit,
but they're really, I don't know, money hungry if that's the case.
But I guess at the same time, they also have to protect their patents and stuff, so maybe
that's why they're doing this.
But either way though, there should have been some sort of process where they have to get
approval from Nintendo to put out these products, or I don't know, usually that's the way it
works I thought.
All right, well we'll see what happens if they get the pants suit off of them, or what
will happen.
But you think Nintendo just want to put out a wireless thing of their own, is that what's
going on?
I don't know.
Jamie, what do you think of this whole lawsuit stuff?
I think it's just Nintendo trying to keep the market under their control.
Well, Nintendo did this this week, and it's not Nintendo as a company, but one person
at Nintendo, but when you hire a person like this as your marketing director, he's speaking
on behalf of your company, and this guy pissed me off this week, I don't know about you guys.
This was in Edge Magazine, and Nintendo of Europe marketing director, Laurent Fisher,
was talking about the whole, he got of course, as most Nintendo people have, got kind of
put on the spot lately while he was talking about WiiWare games.
Where is the extra storage?
What about all these people that are filling up their Wii consoles with all this stuff?
Where is the extra storage?
Well, according to Laurent Fisher, only geeks and otaku want the issue addressed.
Here's the actual quote from the magazine here.
You can read their little site online at next-gen.biz.
When a question about the limited Wii system memory was raised, Nintendo's Laurent Fisher
slipped into talking about how geeks and otaku were the only people who would want this issue
addressed.
Yeah, that would be their entire fan base.
Duh.
Then he went and tried to backtrack a little later.
He was talking to video gaming 24-7.
He didn't mean to offend anyone, and it's all a misunderstanding.
You know what?
I don't know how much more cut and dry that could be, or how that could be misconstrued
to mean anything else.
Geek and otaku, first of all, apart from being slightly synonymous, except with otaku having
a slightly bigger social stigma overseas, is still...
Your freaking marketing director?
You want to appeal to these people.
I know Nintendo is trying to get the broader audience and trying to get the moms and grandmoms
into it, but still, their core fan base is the nerdy gamer, sorry.
And here's the problem.
Every particular geek has spent lots of money on these virtual console downloads, downloading
the same shit I played years ago, when I could be playing them for free on the internet.
But no, I decided to support Nintendo.
I decided to download these games and actually pay the price for them so I could have the
official emulator and support the people behind it, and this is how we get thanked?
I downloaded ZSNES.
I know, that's what I'm saying.
I could have done that, and I could have never supported the whole virtual console thing.
I would have the space on my drive to do more WiiWare games, and I wouldn't have to worry
about any of this.
No.
But then, this is the thanks we get for supporting Nintendo.
You're a geek.
So you know what?
Fuck you.
I am not downloading anything else on virtual console.
I don't give a shit.
They could put Guardian Legend out on it tomorrow.
I'm not getting it.
I will play it on NES emulators, thank you very much, and be happy.
I will not download any more WiiWare titles.
I will not support Nintendo's download service until A, this guy is let go or shifted into
another position where he's not speaking on behalf of the company, or B, Nintendo addresses
this issue.
That's it.
Personally, I'm not going to suffer because of one idiot, but I think that it would probably
be a bit more, I would have to say, well, first of all, they're not going to know that
you're doing this if you just do it and they're not going to listen to our podcast.
I know.
I'm hoping maybe some of the listeners will kind of wake up as well and maybe join me
in this little boycott.
I think that a movement, and I'm going to use that term, has no real power unless the
ones you're moving against know what you're doing.
So why not put together some type of organized effort to address it?
It's one thing to say we're going to do this on the show, but another thing to actually
send a letter to Nintendo, to the CEO US, to the ones in the UK.
So are you saying I should start some type of blog where I encourage people to send letters
and join me in this boycott?
Why not?
All right.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Okay.
All right.
We're doing it.
We are?
We are.
We're doing it.
Okay.
And you're signing it.
Hey, I'm fine with it.
I haven't really been downloading anything from Nintendo's WiiWare service anyways.
My download service actually isn't working, but I did want posting once now.
That's the thing is I've been trying to support Nintendo and that's why you might just think,
Rob, get over it, but it's one of these things where like, dude, this is the marketing director.
This is what he's going to say.
Isn't that marketing director UK?
It doesn't matter.
But I'm saying, you know, we're going to have to, the letters have to go to him, to whoever
his boss is in Nintendo UK, to over here and probably even to the overall head officer.
You know, dark Tetsuya says, Oh, please, Rob, you'll download the guardian legend if they
put it out tomorrow.
No, I won't.
Rob can come over to my house and play it.
I can play.
Go download it on an emulator and I guess I'll be just fine.
Just fine.
So there you have it.
Let's see.
What does Game Guru say?
Nintendo will fix the issue for Animal Crossing at E3.
If they don't, I will join this boycott.
Game Guru, I actually think my boycott will be over by E3 because I think, like I said,
I will un-boycott when they address this issue finally and stop pretending it doesn't exist.
And if it doesn't get addressed, then it just justifies the boycott even more.
So it's still one thing has got to get enough people to participate when a shadow try says,
Oh, now you go back on it.
No, I'm not.
I said the boycott will be over when a, this guy gets let go or B, Nintendo addresses the
issue and it's widely anticipated and Nintendo will address the issue at E3 with some type
of storage device.
But I don't think they're going to come out at E3 and say, Hey, just for geeks, no tacos.
Well, that's so fucking lame anyways, because your average, you know, anybody that's using
the Wii console needs the storage space because they didn't think it through very well.
They were trying to cut costs to make this thing very, you know.
Why are you bragging that there's a hundred, I'm sorry, this isn't you, this isn't Nintendo.
Why are you bragging there's a hundred plus different games you can download on virtual
console when your stupid thing won't even hold it, you know, more than 20?
Well, one other thing though that I would like to say is that Nintendo does have a track
record for creating the demand for something.
And then when people are worked up enough about it, they'll release the product.
So I would not be at all surprised if they didn't have something like this already in
mind that they put out this massive amount of downloadable content, stuff that's going
to fill up all this space.
And then when people are like, what do we do, what do we do?
Nintendo comes to save the day with a storage unit, you know, something like that.
Hit stun says, somebody called you a geek and you're going to boycott over it.
Um, sorta.
Yeah.
Because if I mentioned a derogatory fashion, yes, because it was meant in a derogatory
fashion.
And if we've been supporting the company for all this years and this is the thanks we get,
then I'm not going to support it anymore.
Well, that's, that's the issue.
Online plays for geeks and a tacos.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Avatars are for non-friend codes are for geeks and tacos.
Geeks and tacos.
No.
Oh, tacos.
If he said download things were for tacos, I would be, yeah.
Tacos are rad.
Okay.
Um, I'm going to, I'm going to give a GameStop gift certificate to anyone who comes over
here and brings us chicken, soft tacos.
Nobody knows where we live.
Some people do.
I live.
All right.
Look, I'm, I'm done with my rant.
I'm sure we'll get emails on it.
Let's go on to the next story.
Oh yeah.
We have that.
Don't we?
Yes.
Um, for, uh, people who are going to be downloading this stuff who may or may not be participating,
but only in the UK, we have, um, five new games out in virtual console.
We have, um, Alex Kidd Miracle World, which is a good, good game.
Um, and that is actually going to be 500 Wii points.
There is, um, Last Ninja and Nebulas for Commodore 64.
And, um, both of those are 500 Wii points.
And then for Neo Geo, we have Ninja Combat and Fatal Fury 2.
And those are going to be 900 Wii points.
Guess what, Rob?
You can actually come over to my house and play Fatal Fury 2 on my Neo Geo.
I'll do that.
Do you want to?
Yeah.
Okay.
Cause I think those Neo Geo cartridges have more storage than a Nintendo Wii.
512 megabytes.
So yeah, there's the same amount of storage in one of those fucking carts than there is
in the Nintendo Wii.
Same amount.
I would say that, yeah, they're 512 a piece.
I'm sorry, but flash memory is not that expensive.
And I don't understand why they couldn't have added more to this.
I think seeing as the device will already read a USB thing and or, or it will copy to
your SD card.
I don't see they could do it with a freaking patch.
They could patch the system there to temporarily load things off your SD card into the flash
memory.
I don't know about piracy, you know, with their Wii people already pirate.
Yeah, exactly.
People already know how to do it.
It's not going to matter anymore.
So oh well.
In other news, unrelated to Nintendo, Famitsu Magazine, you know, they're definitely one
of the most popular gaming magazines in Japan.
And if you want to get your grubby little hands on it, a subscription, it's going to
cost you quite a bit of money.
However, NCSX is offering import subscriptions to Famitsu Magazine, ranging anywhere and
I hope you have the money for this anywhere from $480 a year to $2,860 a year $480 per
year for issue or 52 issues because is a weekly magazine considering they're being shipped
from Japan.
That's actually not that bad.
Exactly.
Yeah, for media mail and UPS overnight shipping would be $2,860 because it's overnight shipping
that priority mail only $626 so you can do the same thing through Amazon and have been
able to for a long time because I could I had a for a little while subscription to the
Doctor Who magazine nerd.
So you can also geek otaku just about whatever Rob I said it big fat.
So what about that but this is nothing new.
I mean, they're just doing the same thing that you've been able to do for Amazon for
ages and ages.
So nothing wrong with a little competition.
I can get prices down.
I could go to Kinokuniya and buy them every week too.
So all right, but but there is something you know overnighting it to your door.
That is kind of neat.
But yeah, I guess Amazon huh a week later and every so often Kinokuniya will clear them
out, you know, a couple weeks after that for half price.
Well, hopefully something something coming to your door soon will be Mega Man 9.
If this is to be believed Capcom apparently is recently registered Mega Man 9 under Australia's
version of the ESRB.
That would be the Office of Film and Literature Classification the OFLC.
Apparently the game is going to be multi platform.
So that could be pretty interesting especially when you consider a couple weeks ago didn't
Capcom say something about reviving one of their dead franchises or there was going to
be a couple.
Yeah.
And Mega Man 9 would be the revival of a pretty dormant franchise.
I mean if you take out Battle Network and you know X and all that other stuff we haven't
seen a Mega Man game since the PS1.
So that would certainly be a welcome surprise I think.
I certainly would love to see a Mega Man 9.
I hope it has the cheesy anime sequences that Mega Man 8 had.
You know what I want to see?
Huh?
I want to see a redo of Mega Man 2 with the higher end graphics I think as long as it
plays the same way.
Well there was sort of that thing on GameCube the anniversary condition.
Yeah but I want shiny.
Here's what I would like to see the Mega Man otaku geek in me would like to see.
I would like to see them kind of do that like what you're saying but have the first three
Mega Man games all combined where you could go into the different stages like let's say
you could go play in Bubble Man's stage and then go to Top Man's stage and then to Cuts
Man's stage and you could kind of like all of them combined.
We need a new Rocket Man the power battles.
That would be kind of cool.
That would be hot.
AJ Mix calls it Mega Man 2 HD Remix.
Why not?
Put it on Xbox 360.
Exactly.
Why not?
Sounds like fun.
Alright.
You know what we should download extra stuff on Xbox 360 and put that include that in our
letter.
I already download a lot on Xbox 360 there's really that's really nothing new so I have
that thing set to automatically download all demos which was a pretty brilliant idea but
Xbox can do that because the hard drives are huge they're 20 gigs.
I've yet to film it.
And if you need more space there is a 120 gig hard drive available.
Exactly that 20 gigs has been more than enough.
And if you're industrious.
Especially especially after I deleted Final Fantasy 11.
It's been more than enough space because I don't really watch movies on it but if I did
I could go get that 120 or you know they have the you can put stuff on USB memory card da
da da da da da da.
Act Def calls it kind of like the Sonic 2 HD version some guys are doing.
Well kind of.
Alpha Cannongram says Sky Mega Man anniversary collection for GameCube sucks.
Oh yeah I forgot there's a whole GameCube versus PS2 even though the GameCube had the
remix music it screwed with the buttons and all that.
All right fine whatever.
You know what I meant.
I'm still excited about Mega Man 9.
Well that is actually pretty cool.
You know.
But for our people who like their video games turned into movies like me as long as they're
not fucked up.
There is some news about Onimusha and Clock Tower movies and actually the Clock Tower
movie still has Christoph Ganz still attached to it.
So that's pretty cool.
That's cool because I like Silent Hill.
I for one liked it.
And that one's got a I'm trying well I think actually that and Onimusha are set to come
out 2011.
So.
Actually no I take that back.
Onimusha is going to be out I'm not Onimusha will be out in 2011 and Clock Tower will be
out next year possibly but it better not suck.
Go camp out now.
You know what.
You know what Rob.
What.
We need a Fatal Frame movie.
I still want to see the Silent Hill 2 movie get made.
Yes I know.
I thought they were making a Fatal Frame movie.
Are they?
I thought.
I don't know.
That'd be cool.
We'll see.
Me too.
So we got a lot of stuff coming out this week in game releases in the U.S. on PC.
Political Machines 2008.
Yes you too can now take part of your own I don't know political election.
Also this week we've got the Spore Creature Creator for PC if you want to you know have
a little piece of spore to play until the actual game comes out.
Although apparently if you know where to look you can already get it.
That's the demo.
And I hear it's quite good.
That's the demo.
Oh.
Still.
I hear it's quite good.
Yes.
I haven't played it myself but I hear it's good.
Also this week Space Invaders Extreme on the PSP and DS definitely worth checking out.
Finally.
Imagine Rockstar on the DS not quite as cool as Imagine Babies but whatever.
Imagine Babies is still in my backpack.
Special in its own way.
Wacky Races Crash and Dash.
Yes.
That's based off of that really old cartoon series.
Does anyone still remember it?
I don't know.
No.
Code Lyoko, Fall of Izana is coming on the DS.
Secret Agent Clank on the PSP.
Ubisoft's whoring yet another pets franchise.
Pets Dogs Fashion.
That's right.
Dogs dressed up like things.
Interesting.
But not.
Stop anthropomorphizing our animals.
Arkanoid on the DS.
That's pretty cool.
Tamagotchi Connection Corner 3.
We've got the Rock Band Special Edition which is coming out next Sunday on the Wii.
Also Guitar Hero On Tour will be coming out on the DS as well.
And I believe that's it.
Probably slow week for game releases actually.
Not too much more upbeat over in Japan either.
It's kind of a slow period for release dates in Japan but on the Xbox 360 on June 19th
you can pick up Flat Out Ultimate Carnage if you want to get that because their releases
tend to be on Fridays.
Over on the Playstation 3, not a lot coming out this week.
Stay tuned for next week.
On the Nintendo Wii you can pick up Puyo Puyo which has now been reduced in price.
You can also get Super Mario Stadium Family Baseball is coming out on the 19th as well.
Chronicles of Narnia Prince Caspian comes out in Japan, a localized version there.
And Harukanaru Jiku no Kade 4 comes out from Koei on the 19th as well.
Taking a look at the PS2 for those of you that still love that.
Another version of Harukanaru Jiku no Kade comes out on the Playstation 2.
So Love Drops and Odin Sphere get moved into the best meaning they get price drops.
And Sora Yume also comes out on the Playstation 2.
Looking at the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS we have Nippon Shuzan Renmei Kanshu Itsu
Demosoroban DS comes out.
Also another version of Puyo Puyo.
The pronunciation is getting a lot better Rob.
Since I've been doing this for a long time now it's getting slowly better.
Just remember everything is either A, I, U, A, O.
Okay, I'm trying.
Spectral Force Genesis comes out on the Nintendo DS.
And Watashi no Pony comes out.
My Pony.
Yes, it's like My Pony.
It's not My Little Pony.
Is this My Pony?
It's just My Pony.
But it is definitely a pony game for the DS.
There's no mistake.
There's a big old pony right there on the cover.
So something to look for.
And My Health Coach Weight Management comes to all Asian regions this week as well on
the Nintendo DS.
Although I'm thinking I don't know a lot of Husky Asians.
I'm thinking that's a game they need to release over here a little quicker.
I think it is out over here though.
On the Sony PSP God of War Chains of Olympus comes out in Chinese.
It's localized for Chinese so that's coming out this week.
That's not Japan but you know Asia in general.
Comes out over there.
Also coming out on the Sony PSP Secret Agent Clank.
Super Robot Tyson a portable.
Sweet.
There aren't enough Super Robot Wars.
That's really it.
Also the headset and remote come out for the PSP this week in Japan.
There you have it.
I want the one of those that has the Avas in it.
The Robot Tyson.
I think it was one of the Saturn ones.
Very cool.
Is it my turn?
It is your turn.
It's in the UK.
Lots of them.
Well a few of them.
But on lots of systems.
We have Alone in the Dark for Wii, PS2, PC and Xbox 360.
Crisis Core Final Fantasy 7 on PSP.
About Time.
Gauntlet on DS.
I like Gauntlet.
The Chronicles of Narnia, Prince Caspian on PSP, Xbox 360, DS, PS2, Wii PC, PS3 and Top
Spin on Wii, PS3 and Xbox 360.
Not to be confused with that really cool car show Top Gear.
I'm looking at Justin TV chat right now which I don't usually watch during the show but
I know we have some people who can only watch on Justin TV because for whatever reason the
other ways to listen to this are banned.
Ikuma JP who actually lives in Japan pays me a compliment and says I understand Skye's
Japanese now.
That is quite the compliment actually.
I never had a lesson.
I was just saying it really is I guess with practice you know and I have noticed you picking
up a little vocabulary.
A little.
A little.
A little.
Rob's picking up stuff.
Pretty soon I'm going to start answering my phone.
Moshi Moshi.
Alright.
Also, Ikuma JP brings up that whole difference.
Is Mega Man the same thing as Rock Man?
Yes.
Rock Man is what it is in Japan and Europe.
I don't know why they called it Mega Man here.
I'm thinking that maybe they thought if they called the game Rock Man people would have
thought it was like a rock band or rock music.
Well, there was the girl assistant was Roll.
I know.
Rock and roll.
I know.
It makes perfect sense.
Maybe is it because like Guts Man was kind of a rock character and they didn't want people
to think he was a bad guy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Because people don't get it.
It's weird.
They did have a lot of those changes back in the day.
Random.
And the really ugly cover that Mega Man 2 had.
Oh my God.
This is when Capcom was like let's Americanize all of the art.
That was a pretty awesome cover.
The only I think good one that was done was one of the Metal Gear ones that looked like
it had Michael Bayne on it.
I was like dude Terminator.
Akuma, you got to check that out if you've never seen it.
Go to Google art and search for the Mega Man 2 box art because it's pretty epic.
In fact, if you live overseas and you've never seen it, it's pretty hilarious.
Prepare to weep.
All right.
It's hideous.
All right.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Sorry, Loki.
All right.
Well, with E3 right around the corner, of course, it's about this time of the year where
people start making their lists of games that have been announced to be discussed during
E3.
IGN, of course, is one of those websites that's doing that and some interesting things have
come out of that.
One thing that's popped up, there are two untitled Capcom projects that weren't shown
off at the recent Captivate event.
And they're thinking Dead Rising 2 perhaps.
Oh, they're so close.
They're so close.
Warmer.
Getting warmer.
You're so close.
You're warm.
I don't know what the other one is, but we know what one of them is.
Bionic Commando Rearmed.
But I guess considering that E3 is coming out mid-July, it'd probably be out before
then.
And Halo Wars was there, but Alan Wake was not.
And the list is still very incomplete right now.
So there's, you know, no Atari, Codemasters, Crave, Disney, Eidos, Konami, LucasArts,
MTV, Nintendo, Sega, Sony Online, Square Enix, Take Two, Tecmo, THQ, Ubisoft, Warner Brothers
Interactive.
So that's a big gap right there.
A big list.
But I'm sorry, I'm reading in chat about the whole Rockman versus Mega Man thing, and GameGuru
is saying Rocks is slang for crack.
So maybe that's why they didn't want to release it here, because people would have thought
it was Crack Man.
So I don't know, if you release a game called Crack Man, I think it might actually sell
pretty well.
And then Dark Sakura, our very own, followed that up in chat, saying also Rocks would be
slang for nads.
Thank you for pointing that out.
But it was pointed out by Shauron that everything is slang for either some kind of drug or something
to do with sex, and I said that everyone likes sex and drugs.
It's true.
It can be.
It's true.
But not everybody, for real.
Some people.
Did you know that Pac Man overseas is called Puck Man?
Yes, I did.
P-U-C-K Man.
And you know why they didn't release that here?
Because they were afraid that people were going to take their magic markers and color
over the P with an F. I swear to God, I read it on Wikipedia, therefore it's true.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Next story.
All right.
Sure, we can do that.
And I don't know, Jamie, this might be of interest to you.
Have you ever wanted to have a life-size solid snake statue?
Uh, hey?
Why not?
You know, shit, we ought to get one of these for the studio.
That would be kind of rad, actually.
It's a fucking auction.
All right.
Well, here's the thing.
What Sam's Club is doing, Sam's Club is actually selling a life-size statue of the old snake,
and it's being sold starting this upcoming week.
Unfortunately, it's not something you can actually go into the store and buy.
It's being auctioned.
And it's actually in a Walmart blog that originally announced this called Checkout.
I had no idea that there were blogs about Walmart.
You learn new things every day.
You can find it on auctions.samsclub.com, and if you search for Metal Gear Solid, you
can find the stand-up, which I would love to have one of here in studio, but somehow
I don't think that's going to happen.
In fact, I want to see...
I'm going to guess that's probably going to go for a lot of money.
There's only one thing I've ever won on...
Is the money going to charity or anything?
I'm sure it will be.
There's only one thing I've ever won from a charity auction, and it's a fully...
I tried to search for it, and it says sold out.
So what's up with that?
Maybe it doesn't start until Monday or something.
Yeah.
I've won one thing off of a charity auction for gaming-related stuff.
Really?
True Crime New York City.
I have a poster signed by the entire cast.
Huh.
It's at work, though, framed.
I didn't even know that was something you were really a fan of.
True Crime New York City, before the game actually came out and sucked, looked like
a pretty cool Grand Theft Auto game, and I like True Crime L.A., and that was kind of
fun.
So, I don't know.
I bought it, and it was cool.
It was the poster that they had, the little teaser poster, before they announced that
it was New York City.
You were supposed to guess, you know, what city it was.
Right, right.
Yeah.
Apparently, this auction is not up until next week, but I'll tell you what.
If it's a reasonable price, I might go put a bid on it.
We'll see.
But I'll probably get outbid pretty quick.
I think it'll be fun.
Wouldn't you like to have Solid Snake sitting in the corner of the studio?
Maybe Young Hot Snake.
Not Old Man Snake.
All right.
Fine.
Then I won't bid on it.
If you're not going to appreciate the things I do for you...
I'm not saying I wouldn't mind it, but now that it was, you know, if he had the camo
mask, that'd be awesome.
We'll figure something out.
I could put the Dr. Dick hat on him, the little orange hat here.
I don't even know if Justin TVers can see it because it's kind of blurry, but we could
give that to Solid Snake.
No.
All right.
Fine.
Well, there's something else that's sort of, uh, noteworthy as, um, rumors going around
that Sony was going to make any PS3 controller that would break into two parts so that you
could use, uh, use it, I guess, like a Wiimote.
Um, there was actually no real clear information given about it, but what it actually turns
out to be, um, like I said, rumor, is that it was supposed to be a controller that has
parts that will attach to it.
I guess, you know how the, um, 360s got the keyboard attachment on the controller and
the Mina mic and different stuff.
The little mini board.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But this is supposed to be just sort of like stuff that will merge with the controller
and Sony hasn't confirmed or denied too much about it.
It's like Voltron in controller form.
Do not associate Voltron with anything remotely Sony.
I'm sorry.
By the way.
Hail Jamie.
By the way, Rod.
What?
I thought that you might think this is funny.
I downloaded the entire, um, virtual, uh, vehicle Voltron series.
Nice.
Cause it was awesome.
All right.
All right.
Um, anyways, we've got some, uh, cool stuff coming out, uh, available for download content
this week for Rockband and Guitar Hero 3.
Uh, coming to Rockband, we've got Avenged Sevenfold, Offspring, and Crooked X.
Um, there's going to be a couple of songs here, Afterlife by Avenged Sevenfold, which
is going to be 160 Microsoft points or $2, uh, Critical Acclaim by Avenged Sevenfold
as well for 160 Microsoft points, also $2, and, uh, Hammerhead, um, by the Offspring
for 160 Microsoft points, also $2, and finally, uh, Rock and Roll Dream by Crooked X for 80
Microsoft points or a dollar.
So that's, uh, what you're getting for Rockband.
Uh, coming to Guitar Hero 3, Coldplay, and new singles and a couple more tracks coming
as well, um, including, there's going to be the Coldplay Track Pack.
It will contain Violet Hill, um, which is the first single from their, uh, Viva La Vida
album, uh, Yellow, and God Put a Smile on Your Face from the album A Rush of Blood to
the Head.
Somehow, I just don't think you could jam to The Scientist, so, you know, they kind
of had to put these other songs on there.
Yeah.
At least have some guitar in them.
That's going to bring you 500 Microsoft points, um, or $6.25 via the PlayStation Network.
Alright.
I might actually check, I like Coldplay.
They're pretty cool.
I don't know, I don't think of myself as rocking out to them on Guitar Hero, but that could
be interesting.
Coldplay's got some pretty guitar-heavy stuff.
I guess that's true, but maybe I think because my favorite Coldplay stuff is their more slowed-down
stuff, like The Scientist, Fix You, I like all those really, like, slow, whiny songs.
You know, that's what I like.
Well, my favorite one they did is Talk.
Alright.
Oh, that was a good song.
It was a really good song.
It was my favorite one by them.
Alright.
Hey, why isn't that in Guitar Hero?
That could be in Guitar Hero.
It should be.
Alright.
Well, maybe, maybe in Coldplay Pack 2.
Alright.
Um, Rock Band 2 is going to be featuring this band.
I have never heard of this band in my entire life.
Their name is Turbo, Turbo Negro?
Is that the name of them?
I don't even know.
This band, apparently, is going to be, I guess, is one of those cool, I mean, look at this
guy.
He's wearing, like, a ginormous fur, like, train, like a bride, like a bride would wear.
You know what impression I'm getting of them, Rob?
What?
Is, um.
The Village People.
The Village People, right.
You've got a sailor, and you've got, like, the bride.
I have never.
You have a pimp.
I have never heard of, God, I feel old.
I seriously have never heard of this band.
Like, I'm so out of touch with you.
Rob, don't feel bad.
Neither have I.
Alright, good.
However, I see bad religion, so.
Well, hold on, I'll get to that for a minute.
Sorry.
Alright.
Here's the thing is that when Age of Conan, you know, the big MMO, apparently, they put
out a press release here saying that, you know, because this band, I guess, is going
to be doing the Age of Conan soundtrack.
Well, guess what?
They're also going to be in Rock Band 2, and bad religion is also, supposedly, supposed
to be in the Rock Band sequel, even though Jamie gave that away, and I'm just kidding.
Sorry.
But it was in, it was, it was thanks to Twitter.
The guitarist and songwriter from bad religion, Brett Gurewitz, said in his Twitter, he posted
this twit, seven meetings and four executive decisions later, back at Sound City, putting
the finishing touches on Sorrow for Rock Band 2.
I'm surprised he was able to post that with Twitter being down as much as he can.
Are they Nordic Death Metal?
Are they?
They'd better be Nordic Death Metal.
That'd be awesome.
They are from Oslo, Norway.
Woohoo!
Also, let me see if I can find them on YouTube.
What's the song that's supposed to be in there?
It's Death, they're Death Punk rockers.
Sweet!
I'll try to find a clip.
And I totally agree with Acts Deaf, because bad religion's fucking awesome.
They did, like, one of my favorite songs ever is by bad religion.
Okay, here's a song called All of My Friends Are Dead.
All of my friends are dead, got kicked in the head, all my friends are dead, all my
friends are dead.
I'm gonna download this right now.
Jamie approves.
I'm downloading it.
Alright, there you go.
But bad religion does, did I Love My Computer?
That would work well with, like, a Grand Theft Auto IV video that I could possibly film.
Because we like playing this game during lunch where we put friendly fire off and then we
fire rockets at each other so we get rocket jumped.
It's kind of fun.
Xenocore says it's Nordic Punk, not Death Metal.
Here's that song by bad religion, by the way, in case you were wondering.
Now, thankfully, I have heard of bad religion.
Did they have an album called Apocalypse Dudes?
That's great.
By the way, Dragon Force supposedly has a new album out in August, so keep an eye out
for that.
Alright, there you go.
That's a rock band update, or the segment where the old hosts of OLR learn about new
bands that kids are into.
I just downloaded it.
Alright, cool.
That song that you played.
Alright.
And I Love My Computer is great, so shut up.
So anyway.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You downloaded that on your iPhone, didn't you?
Just now.
I have to ask, what did you think about the iPhone announcements on Monday, about the
new sleeker, cheaper one?
I don't care.
I don't, I didn't want a GPS, and I already have an 8 gigabyte iPhone, and I can just
update my OS on it, so I don't care.
I'm gonna get one.
I want one.
I mean, I already wanted an iPhone, and that just kinda upped the ante a little bit.
Here's the, and then, ah, I have to ask, kids.
Loki, what did you think of the iPhone announcements that happened on Monday?
I didn't really care, because it said, well, the slim thing, it's slim around the edges,
but it's actually thicker.
And apparently, it's gonna have that new finish on the outside, either white or black, which
is supposed to be really easy to scratch, instead of, you know, how they already had
it perfect, where you didn't, you know, it wouldn't scratch that easy.
And also, there's supposed to be a bunch of hidden fees.
Awesome!
Sounds like a phone for me.
Really expensive, and filled with fees.
See, that was the, that was the other thing, is that if they're gonna be cutting costs
in one way, they're gonna try to get it from you another way.
It's, they upped the price of the plan, is what they did, or something like that.
So I'm sitting here with my, you know, I paid $400 for my iPhone, sure, but this thing has
fucking lasted me, and it's fallen from my pocket, and landed on the floor, and lived.
Although it's been in its nice, sturdy case, I got for it, too.
And it enables me to listen to bullshit at work, because I can't watch it, but I put
my thing over it and listened to episodes of Penn & Teller's Bullshit.
And so I kept up with American Idol, and hi, David Cook won!
Alright, uh, Joshie16 comments on the last story, saying, you know Skye, cool kids listen
to Ashlee Simpson, so you should, too.
Huh, now look, I'm not that old, I know no one listens to Ashlee Simpson, okay?
I'll tell you what was cool with her.
What?
Her interview on the Charlotte Church show.
I've gotten to be where I like that show.
I still can't get over that Charlotte Church had like a hip talk show overseas.
It's funny!
I know, she's fucking Charlotte Church!
But she's hilarious!
She's the 11 year old girl that sang wah wah wah wah wah wah wah!
She's freaking hilarious, no you should watch the, okay, Rob Rob Rob, watch the, go on YouTube
later and watch the interview.
I've seen, I've seen clips of the Charlotte Church show.
Did you watch the interview with John Barrowman?
No.
Watch that!
Okay, I will.
It is seriously, it's seriously, you know, a boy and his hag.
I mean that's, that's the whole conversation.
The whole, that's their whole conversation.
Okay.
It's the best.
Is that show still, are they still producing it overnight?
No, she went on, she put it on hiatus after she had her baby, but was talking about bringing
it back up.
Huh.
Because apparently she had a blast doing it.
And um.
But I just, I can't get over that.
She had, what's your name, who did Big Brother?
That little sweet 11 year old girl singing opera.
Big Brother UK as well.
All right.
What was your name?
Davina?
Um.
Yeah, the host, Davina or whatever it is.
Yeah.
She was on there.
That was a really good interview too.
But, and the Ashley Simpson one was great, but the Gwen Stefani one was great.
All right.
And she wanted to get, um, I have to say this.
I was reading an interview where she wanted to get Paris Hilton on the show so she could
make fun of her.
All right.
So, oh, that'd be funny.
We've gone, let's see.
What have we talked about tonight?
We talked about D and D. We talked about international TV.
You know something is wrong with OLR when we're talking about Charlotte Church's life.
But her show's funny.
All right.
Talk about video games, Jamie.
Uh-uh.
Yes.
The agency.
Yes.
There we go.
Warmer.
It is not going to have the thing, the word that I hate that I will not use.
It is not going to have the arbitrary transactions that occur within the game that some people
have used the term micro as a prefix to.
How's that?
Micro machines.
Shut up.
They are not going to be using an arbitrary transition system within the agency.
They are actually going to have an in game currency that you will use like, um, a lot
of MMOs have, you know, in an auction house.
Oh, like a microtransaction.
You will not be using actual currency to purchase your money in game.
You will be using the in game currency that you use, much like buying your weapons in
Metal Gear Solid 4, which is not an arbitrary transaction because it's no money out of your
pocket.
The micro machine man here, aircraft carrier there, he can't have that, he can't have this.
He died.
The new micro machine aircraft carrier playset.
The dramatically detailed, terrifically trimmed replica of the real thing that holds 25 micro
machines with fabulous, fantastic features, two totally terrific elevators, real working
hoist runway and two cargo arms.
The new micro machine aircraft carrier playset from Galoob.
Remember, if it doesn't say micro machines, it's not the real thing.
It's because, you know, he figured out that, you know, in your life you can only say so
many words before you die and well, you know, he just blew through those really quick.
You are horrible.
You know what though?
He was actually, I very, very much like him though because he was also Blur in Transformers
the movie.
He was also the Scatman.
Wasn't that the same guy?
No.
No.
Oh.
I thought it was the same guy.
No.
I always thought Scatman and the micro machines guy were the same fucking guy.
However, Scatman Cruthers was Hong Kong Phooey.
Well they did both die.
I know.
That's sad.
It is sad.
Maybe Loki's on to something.
As I was saying.
Alright, sorry.
We're screwed too then.
The live gamer system is going to be used basically, you know, to set up like it is
in EverQuest 2 where they use a golden game as a transaction but they said that they were
planning on using an, I quote, alternate mechanics to use outside of in-game play for, like,
I guess for purchasing things that go along with it but not necessarily as an integral
part of the game play.
Like if you're going to call you on your cell phone and shit too in this game, like to tell
you, hey, Bub's, you know, been kidnapped, do you want to, you know, do you want to pay
the ransom?
No.
And you're like, fucking stop calling me at work.
I'm not playing you anymore.
I don't know.
Ah, technology.
God, I love it.
It's...
It's...
Speaking of technology though.
Whatever.
Not you.
Not you.
Rob.
Um...
What?
No, Rob just looks over here and he has this amused expression and I'm like, whatever.
Cause I'm funny.
You are a fun guy like a fungus, ho ho ho ho.
Next story.
Anyways.
So speaking of technology, Capcom is offering fans of the Street Fighter series to get their
face into the game.
And according to Capcom's Unity blog, they posted a call for fans to submit their story
and why they should be in Street Fighter IV.
You can send them anything from a new belly dancing telegram to, you know, something a
little bit more elaborate.
Just, you have to send it by June 18th.
And um...
Better get started.
Yes.
You email your submissions to contest at capcom dot com and along with your name, phone number,
age and email address.
Loki, are you going to get your face in Street Fighter IV?
I don't really care.
I think you should.
No.
Will someone else send in Loki's face?
Say it's theirs?
That's what I'd like to see happen.
Whenever these companies have these contests for get your face in the game, I want to see
people just send in Loki's picture.
I know which picture they'll send, and that's not going to work.
I don't think so.
I will sue them.
Here's another game I'd like to see Loki in.
It's Rose and Camellia.
Have you ever heard of this game?
Yes, it's the Slap-A-Woman game.
I don't know if you've seen this.
It's not domestic violence or any of that, you know, stuff that's not cool.
This is that old, like, you know, ladies in big, floofy dresses taking their white gloves
off and slapping the other woman in a dramatic soap opera fashion.
You might have remembered this game from a couple months ago.
There was a Flash game.
Well, guess what?
They also have it on the DS via homebrew, too.
That's awesome.
There is a brand new sequel to Rose and Camellia.
It's Rose and Camellia 2.
All new women to slap, all new stages.
It's just all the things you loved about the first game, but more.
By the way, I have to retract my statement.
John Maschida Jr. isn't dead.
Oh, the guy who did the microtransactions.
So you must have thought he was Skep Man John, too, subconsciously.
No, Skep McRothers.
Whatever.
There's someone else that, whatever.
That's right.
We were dead.
That's okay.
Sauron is great.
People report that celebrities are dead all the time.
Anyhow, here's the thing though.
You cannot just get the sequel that easy.
You have to actually beat the original Rose and Camellia to get the sequel.
But I don't think the first game was that hard, from what I remember.
But it's there.
All right.
Let's get to it.
Boys, part A has ran really long tonight, thanks to our last minute news.
That's all right.
We've talked about a lot of stuff, but we have to take a minute to respect our elders
a little bit and take a trip down the halls of gaming infamy in a little segment we call
the Classic Game of the Week.
Our very own Dark Sakura takes a look at the archives of games and finds something that
you all should be playing right now.
Dark Sakura, what is this week's Classic Game of the Week?
I went for obscure, as in obscure system.
It's a game that came out on the 32X.
Haven't done 32X games before?
I don't think we've had a 32X game yet.
I think I might have done, um, I haven't done Space Harrier, have I?
Not to my knowledge.
But I'm not doing Space Harrier today.
I am doing Knuckles Chaotix.
Knuckles Chaotix is cool.
Cue that beautiful bean footage.
I'm trying.
It's going to take me a minute.
The YouTubey is buffering, so tell us a little bit about Knuckles Chaotix.
Knuckles Chaotix in Japan was called just Chaotix, and it does feature Knuckles and
a bunch of his buddies, um, hanging out, um, on a, uh, different island, and Knuckles is,
whoa.
Sorry.
Anyway.
Um, but basically, you actually have different buddies that go along with you.
It's a, it's a buddy system game where you're joined by rings, and a band joins the rings
together.
So, like, say that you are using Knuckles as your main guy, then Knuckles will be able
to climb up walls and, and float across.
Um, you can actually use, um, I think that Espio does, like, some type of drill move
or something, but the whole point of the game is to use a buddy system to make it through
the five different worlds in the game.
They're called attractions.
And, you know, get to the end and, you know, kick, you know, Mecha Sonic's ass and tell
Eggman he can piss off.
Um, some of the characters in the game actually, um, did make it into Sonic Heroes, um, that
would be Espio, Vector, and, uh, Charmy, and, um, but every, but also the other thing about
this game is that it's one of the first to have, um, at least on the 32X, I think, that
had a battery backup on its own, um, which would save your game and you could go back
to it at any time, um, it's really just, and I'm sure you're watching the gameplay right
now, right?
Yeah, and to be honest, since I never had a 32X or a Sega Genesis, I mean, sure, I played
Sonic the Hedgehog at my friend's house, but I never really played this game, like, ever,
so, but it looks a lot like regular Sonic, but with a little bit of his buddy action
kind of going on.
Well, the other thing about that is that you do, um, you've also got your, uh, bonus stages
and special stages, um, your bonus stage, you collect 20 more rings by jumping through
large rings that are hidden in the level, um, you've got, uh, spiral free falls and
that sort of thing, um, and you also, uh, uh, have, uh, the special stages where you're
going through a, um, hexagonal, um, 3D course, and I think that the characters in this, I
do want to say, were, um, actually, um, rendered, um, in 3D for this game.
I do want to say that they were, don't quote me on that quite yet.
Um, also now, for the people who were into the really, really obscure, there was something
that came out on the Genesis emulators back in the day that was called Sonic Crackers.
Do you ever remember this, Rob?
Uh, no.
Sonic Crackers, um, which had also been titled the Sonic Stadium and Sonic the Hedgehog 4,
was a game featuring Sonic and Tails linked by rings, and the very interesting thing about
this is that it was pretty much officially called, um, a, uh, the prototype for Knuckles
Chaotix, um, proven by the fact that in one of the early Chaotix, um, builds, actually
the December 7th, 1994 build, the same sprites for Sonic and Tails were found, although my
personal theory is that Sonic and Tails were just used, because it's their Sonic 1 sprites,
were used for, um, developmental purposes, to, you know, to build the engine, and, you
know, there's, um, levels that actually cross over that have big similarities to levels
that were in, um, Chaotix, so, um, it's, it's very, very interesting, I mean, it's really,
you know, half the game, you get through with repeating levels and lots of deterioration
in the data, but, um, there's, uh, actually Amy, um, Amy Rose is in the sound test on
Knuckles Chaotix, and there's actually a way to, on certain copies of it, to, uh, switch
out, I don't remember which of the characters it is, but you can do a code that switches
out, um, one of the characters for Sonic, for that same, uh, sprite, um, and then there's
also, um, some of the level music in here, different versions of the same music was heard
in, um, uh, Sonic Crackers, also, um, one of the Chaotix builds was labeled as Sonic
Crackers 32X, so, alright, so we've had a, looks interesting, uh, it's one of those Sonic
games I never really got the chance to play, so hopefully it'll come out, I mean, I know,
um, game time's been adding 32X games, maybe it's on there and I just haven't noticed it,
it might be on there, I love these stages, alright, but this is a bonus stage we're looking
at right now, that's actually a special stage, the Hexagon 3D one, oh, cool, and, um, actually
it's something that you might think is cool is that, uh, the stage, um, set up for this
actually, um, made its way into Sonic Advance, something similar to this, um, I'm sorry,
the bonus stage one that made it into Sonic Advance. Alright, there you have it, Knuckles
Chaotix, your classic game of the week, check it out on the Sega 32X if you actually have
one. I have, like, two. Can you send one to one of our listeners? Um, I'll ask. Anyhow,
that's gonna do it for this part A of our Orange Lounge Radio, we've been running awfully
long here, almost like an hour and a half into it, so we're gonna take a break, we'll
be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this. Orange Lounge Radio is taped live
on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week. Stay tuned to our podcast feed
for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
