And welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio for this live part B
That we're taping on June 1st of 2008 and for those of you guys that listen to us on the podcast feed
You're probably going hey, wait a minute. I I'm not hearing you guys live. We can always join us
We tape live on all games comm that's all games radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time 9 o'clock Eastern
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show the man in Atlanta, Georgia tapes his show live on Sunday nights as well
And if you haven't heard his show, you really should check that out in iTunes
So we make appearances on the show every week Bobby's kind enough to have us on the show to do a little cross-promotion
Speaking of taping the show live you guys in the podcast didn't get to hear this
But we were actually listening to some of the tracks from the Metal Gear Solid 4 soundtrack during the break there
What did you guys think of it? I thought some of it sounded pretty awesome myself epic soundtrack soundtrack is epic
Yes, epic soundtrack is very epic Loki. I know you were good watching some more scenes from postal there during the break
but yeah, I'm I'm a
Minute or an hour 11 into it and it's an hour
47 minute movie out of curiosity those you guys in chat chat that orange laundry calm. Did you guys enjoy that?
Let us know in chat. All right. Meanwhile, we are gonna get back into some gaming news here on this part B
There's plenty of stuff to talk about. I don't think we mentioned the Wii at all in part a so and I got by the
Way, I got a game this week boom blocks
One of my friends kind of hooked me up with a copy of it looked completely legitimate
He just had some inside connections got me a pretty cheap copy of it
So, uh, I'm looking forward to checking it out cool
So I'll have a review on that next week, but we're not gonna talk about boom blocks right away, right? No
No, we're talking about something that's a little bit more interesting. I guess
Portal everybody loves portal. Well now you can play portal on your DS or a version of it
It's a game called still alive DS. It is a 2d portal home brew game
you remember the
Flash game that they had out there that was kind of similar to the portal
Well, this is kind of similar to that flash game a little bit more cartoony
but if you own a flash card or means of putting a homebrew on your DS, you can download this game for free and
It looks pretty awesome actually
Download it now before lawsuits. I'm actually going to because I have a ninja pass. So
definitely worth checking out it uses the
Touchscreen as well as you know, some of the face buttons on there for launching different portals and stuff. So pretty cool
I will have to play a dark soccer's copy because I don't think I'll be getting to check this out. Otherwise
But it sounds interesting. Yeah
I'm definitely gonna definitely gonna download that cuz you know me and my my minor portal obsession
So I'll have to and folks in chat are playing it right now. Nintendo maniac 64 says ironically. I'm playing still live DS right now
Let's have T says it's rather hard to control. How the hell do I shoot the orange one?
maybe you guys can put your heads together and if you want ones by pushing down on the directional pad or
I
want to say a or see if there's instructions and read them down or a and
The you know, two shoulder buttons are the blue portals. So that's how you do it
Well, thank you very much. You're like a Nintendo game counselor all of a sudden. I love it
Well, they had it they have the screenshots of our I guess artwork shots of the controls. So they're all over the internet
All right
Well the latest issue of Japan's for me to magazine has given us some insight as to what's going on with the Sim City
Series here's the deal Sim City creator is gonna be a new game in the Sim City vein and
It's gonna be coming out for the Wii and the DS
it's gonna be coming out September 22nd of 2008 for North America and September 19th a little bit earlier for Europe and the
Japan and other Asia regions and here's the interesting thing
Is that the Wii game what you can do you can draw your own rivers or tracks using the Wiimote?
You can actually change different styles of your buildings as well
You can do like a Chinese style building an Indian design kind of interesting
You can also make buildings made out of candy
or Chris
Jamie got so excited. She dropped the mic
She was like a candy palace. I was like saying, you know, you can do like a gingerbread house
Well, it makes me think of the opening scene or one of the opening scenes in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the newer one
Did you see the newer one with Johnny Depp? Oh
It's great. That's all I'll say. There's a scene with a chocolate Indian Palace. It's great
Anyhow, also it uses the Wi-Fi connection feature so you can show off the game to friends
So that's kind of cool, especially when you draw those rivers shaped like penises
Which I'm sure a lot of you will be showing each other. There you have some pervy people. There you go
So I'd be called like chocolate check that out
I I loved the first SimCity game that SimCity
2000 and beyond was a little much for me, but I loved the first one
But you know when it gets into too much micromanaging I get like in SimCity 2000
You had to manage the water system with the pipes and everything. It was too much too much
That's why they hire, you know different people to do those jobs blade 3 and check out very excited
He says awesome candy rules
Candy does rule you can have Candyland. It does depend. Yeah, you could actually make Candyland
That'd be great. With peppermint stick. You could actually make Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory. That would be so awesome
Yes, I want a river of chocolate. That's right. And I want a wall that tastes like snozzleberry
There's no such thing
Okay, anyway
for people interested in other
Culinary related games that are actually related to food
There's going to be another Cooking Mama
World Kitchen
To be released later this year around October ish
They actually have Majesco has a coming soon
With a release date of October 30th. It's also
That's replacing dinner with friends. As you remember there's Cooking Mama 2 on the DS
This was going to be Cooking Mama 2 on the Wii
But I don't know if they changed the title or actually going to change the game
But it was supposed to be coming out in June now. It's in October. They need to have Redneck Cooking Mama. Look, I'm
They have a game. We make fish sticks. They have a game called Order Up. My roommate just ate that for dinner
Did you smell that inside the house or something? That's hilarious. No, actually
Fish sticks. Funny you should mention that. I walked in the house. I'm like it smells good in here. What did you make for dinner?
Fish sticks. You said fish sticks. No, I said funny that you should mention like a Redneck Cooking game because they're gonna have
Order Up, which is basically like Cooking Mama, but you're working at like a fast food restaurant.
Yeah, they need to have Truck Stop Diner. That would be great. Don't they have Diner Dash? Yeah, same thing. No
All right
Anyhow, sorry. Look, I just hope Cooking Mama Wii kind of blew chunks compared to the DS version
So I really hope they do a better
DS to Wii port this time. The closer you are to the screen the more tight the control would be. That's how I say.
It's... I did not enjoy Cooking Mama on the Wii, although I own it and I'm kind of upset I do
anyways
Now the Wii was... the Virtual Console is supposed to be getting MSX games for quite a while
Finally, Japan has had their first
MSX game release and it's a game called Aleste and what's kind of interesting though is that
is that there's been some additional options to this game that no other Virtual Console game has including the
MSX option menu which allows you to select between
The
MXX hardware-based music and the more advanced FM music that
Back when the MSX was actually a console was in add-on card
So that's pretty cool that you can actually do this in the game by
pressing the minus button
I actually just think that it's cool that that they're getting that game because it's a really freaking good game
And you can also do I guess there's some button change options as well thrown in there. So I
Don't know that's kind of neat that they're adding all these options almost like an actual emulator for this
I don't know why they don't do that with
Any of the other games that come out?
Being a little lazy.
I hope we get Gardic with the deluxe treatment
You knew I had to throw that out there
Some of our longtime listeners was getting really sick of some of our little obsessions
Alright, anyhow, um
Toki Tori is a game that is coming to the North American Virtual Console
WiiWare, I guess it's not really Virtual Console, but you know WiiWare
It's a 2d puzzle game and it's going to cost you
1,000 points or 10 bucks. So there you have it
Apparently this game has been fairly well reviewed. It's a little I didn't like it. You didn't like it you played it
Yeah, can you describe it because I don't know much about this game
It looks like I know I look at screenshots and I go it looks a little load runner ish to me sort of you collect
The eggs basically and then that's pretty much it. I mean you can hop around
Jump different platforms with like motion controls and stuff like that. I don't know. It might be cool later on
I didn't give it that much time, but it wasn't something I was interested in it like time bird. I
don't know about that, but yeah, it's it's very basic but
Act F says the sequel could be called Loki Lori
Get it. Yeah. All right, forget it
Well, how about something different sure different Virtual Console whoo at least in UK
um the games out and this time around are
We have hello Pokemon puzzle league. I'm sorry why to say hello. I'm reading for the thing. It says Pokemon puzzle league
has
Come out
there's also a
A summer showdown which is makes me perfectly happy because it's Nina the actual neogeo versions for their neogeo
Virtual console stuff and actually it's going to be out for 900
We points which is a 630. Oh and before I forget to mention a Pokemon puzzle league is a
thousand points
Burning fight is also the other one that's going to
That's out for 800 points, which is sort of like a Streets of Rage type ball or brawler. So there you go
Cool I would download these games if I had room
Yeah, that that does suck. I don't I don't like having to delete stuff to make room room sucks
There's a game coming out in the u.s. Actually that Japan's had for a while now
It's a game called tornado and a lot of you may not be familiar with this game
it's actually very similar to Katamari Damacy and
The game entails you playing a creature that basically becomes a tornado and you have to much like Katamari
Suck up smaller objects and make your tornado bigger, and then you can suck up larger objects and stuff like that
Tasmanian Devil
something like that and
We'll be coming out on the ds in the fall. I want to say
September I
thought
Thought I saw this in September. I could be wrong
But um yeah, it's kind of neat and kind of a little quirky game
They'll be coming out here a little bit later on so keep an eye out for that
Is this something you've actually played? I haven't played it, but I've just seen screenshots and video of it
Hmm could this be the next big thing. I don't think it's gonna be a big thing, but it's a quirky little game, though
Hmm, it'll be like worth checking out at least
All right, well we have another game coming out on the ds
And I don't know if I would necessarily call this a game
But you know Ubisoft had their big press thing this last week, and they announced some of this stuff
We talked about in part a but here's the other interesting thing
They're going to be making a ds game based on Alan Carr's novel the easy way to stop this game
Is to stop smoking and what the game will do this game is coming out in November
What you do you pick a coach?
I guess in this game, and you create a program based on your smoking habit
And basically what the easy way method does is that you educate smokers about how addiction happens?
Convince them that whatever type of you know great feelings you get from smoking
You get from I guess or you can curb that stuff
And you try to stop the emotional dependency, so it's kind of strange though
This is all coming out as a video game, so this is I don't know interesting not really strange for a movie soft
I I want to know though are the rabbits in this because you know you're funny. No. I need to stop smoking
Like yeah, I think it's interesting that the DS is branching out like this so to speak
I mean brain draining is kind of led to you know a lot of these outside-the-box type games
But I'm gonna tell you what I used to be a smoker, and I quit granted
I was not a very heavy smoker, but enough where I was addicted okay in my mind
I I don't know this might be a personal opinion
I'll probably hate mail over this, but the only way you can quit is to when you say I'm going to quit quit
And then do it cold turkey
But it's one of those things where when you say it mean it well
Here's what this, but I don't I didn't have that huge dependency either
You know so maybe that's how I was able to get away with what this game does though is when you have the urge to buy
Cigarettes it gives you different Ubisoft game options that you could purchase
So it's like instead of buying or instead of buying a pack of cigarettes. How about you buy quick yoga or?
Far cry or yeah far cry or how about purchase the my weight loss coach all comes with a pedometer
You know stuff like that. That's how this game is gonna work frisbee says can't wait till alcoholic hero comes out for the TS
What do you think dark soccer? Do you think this will be an effective game? I?
Think that any tool is effective if someone believes in it
it's a lot of it has to do with with willpower and
whatever
And I hate to use this term, but if the crutch works for you, then use it. I mean I
Don't know. I'm kind of iffy about it. Just anyone who says that
anything
is easy is
Usually trying to I mean they are trying to sell you something
It's they're trying to feed you crap when all you need to do is just
Its willpower, and I know not a lot of people have a lot of willpower
And I know that it is a physical addiction. It is a drug and people are addicted to it
However, it's one that withdrawing from will not kill you
You just have to write it out listen has anyone learned anything from Metal Gear
I mean seriously you can eat tree frogs
No, no look at what smoking a pack of cigarettes gives you more time to figure out boss
He has to fight. You know this crazy war you know fight giant mechs up
Do you really want to fight giant mechs? This is what have smokes in his stomach?
You know this is this is why you know I?
Don't know I have nothing, but really this game is stupid
And if you're suckered in the buying it then I'm sure Nintendo has a few other training programs that they can send your way
Including vision training. I'm sure they're going to have hearing training coming up soon poop training poop training
consumer horror training and how
No, and again. I'm going to stick by this
Any anything is possible if you're willing to work for it the end
Anything worth having is worth putting effort into right?
Yeah, it just depends on how much you want it
I might my whole thing is that if you really really really want to quit smoking if you really want to do it
You don't need a game
You'll just do it a game might help, but you don't need it. It's not like heroin. You know where you could you know I?
Guess have a bunch of complications from withdrawal, but if you need to buy a book to tell you how to quit something
That's retarded. I'm sorry it is retarded
Seriously, uh how do I quit something stop doing it?
Do you really need to buy a book for that?
and
What I'm gonna say I'm gonna say this because I I will
Freely admit that there's lots of things that I have kind of poor willpower about you know
But I think that you know if you just sort of say you know nothing changes until you are ready to make it change
Until you are ready to make it change, and then do what you need to do to make it change, right?
So I think that you just have to want it bad enough to put the effort into it if you want it bad enough
You'll do it. That's that's what I think so
Alright, well, we'll see how this game does and what type of floodgates it'll open if it does really well in the meantime
Let's talk about some I have no pity for people who say I can't stop smoking and hold a cigarette in their hand yeah
So you can do it. I wish my mom would quit anyway um
Guess what is coming out in Japan a bunch of stuff including the gardening game poop training
Poop training coming out in Japan. You know they actually have toilet training cartoons
I'm sorry the toilet that sings to you. I'm sorry. I as poop that laughs as it exits the body
I'm really sorry. I asked they're funny though anyway um
They're getting a fatal frame for
If you like your gory ghost games, then that one is definitely going to be the one to go for but it's by Tecmo
Grasshopper manufacturer collaboration put putting this out together and fatal frame for it can be also called
Poltergeist snap poltergeist snap I like that that's a good name for that
I like that, but I'm basically you go around and shoot pictures of dead people the end
Did you character at any point go I see dead people I?
Develop film of dead people
It's only porn if you tape it
They should have they should instead of fatal frame. They should have fatal cam
Were you um like videotape certain places and then have to run it through like a spectral analysis to have everything show up on film
I'm still waiting for what they play calm snap because that uh that that was the picture-taking game
I was looking forward to Rob what?
Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob whoa whoa whoa what okay? I?
Guess it's time for the next story. Yeah, I guess it is
Well, we've been talking quite a bit about Ubisoft this show and we're going to continue talking about Ubisoft in fact
this was yet another game that was shown off at their
Ubi days conference and
This game uses the we balance board, but not how you might think the game is raving Rabbids
TV party and
You sit on the balance board and use your ass to play different minigames nice and Raymond's raving Rabbids
You know they're kind of a party game sort of situation there one of the games
They show that is actually sliding down a hill on looks like an upside-down moose and you are using your ass to you know
Balance yourself as you go down the hill. Oh kind of fun
Moose other options are going to have in the game two or other minigames
They're going to have a dancing minigame where you have to do different things different poses and stuff which will also use the balance board
So it looks kind of neat and of course the raving Rabbids are very funny. This needs to become a sitcom
The Rabbids just an ordinary life kind of like a garfield thing that'd be funny
Should do like Joe's apartment, but with yeah, yeah, I like we're going there. Yeah, exactly
So if it's like garfield will though will will there be a normal ah?
I want to know you know I had to go back and read that again Rob
What garfield minus garfield minus garfield is excellent?
I just and Dan and I had a discussion about this. We've decided that just looking at that either
John Arbuckle, you know the main guy right is either really really really sad or
Mad like Looney Tunes, maybe a little of both I?
Don't know
Well, you know what makes me really really sad and then really really mad is the fact that I can't find we fit anywhere
because the game sold out as fast as it came out and that is not yet back on shelves and
One of those crazy game industry analyst Michael patcher talked to the La times about the we fit supply
And how it's so short
Apparent but it's very interesting what he says is the reason for this it's because of the value of the dollar
Quote the shortage demonstrates one consequence of the weak dollar
We're seeing companies ignore their largest market simply because they can make greater profit elsewhere
They know that Americans will be just as fat a few months from now
Even though there has been about half a million copies of we fit shipped to the us there have already been about 2 million in
Europe kind of interesting those things are going on like really
Crazy prices on eBay like 180 dollars and stuff like that. That's dumb. It's just like we used when they first came out
exactly
Alpha canagram and chat says sky should have pre-ordered it. Here's the thing. I didn't know if the game would be any good
That's a lot of money to drop my game. You don't know that much about
Yeah, I know and then honestly though. I think they're given they kind of blame everything on the weak u.s. Dollar now
Oh, there's George must be the weak u.s. Dollar. I don't really think they put that much thought into it to be honest
I think it's just
They fucked up yet again
And so I mean because what would be the point of releasing like for example Mario Kart there was a shortage
The week it came out, and then there was a lot more later on next week
So you're telling me that the dollar turned around within that week
I somehow doubt that much like I doubt that this that once these
Stores get replenished with more product that oh, it's because the dollar turned around no
I think it's just because they're a retard and poor planning. That's all it is
Akuma JP is one of our listeners in Japan and he says there's fit everywhere here now granted the game has been out a lot longer
There but what I thought was interesting that he said is a lot of used here, so I think it's not that good
So apparently a lot of them are being turned right around in Japan can ship one to me
I'll play it can we play it on the American wheeze though their region watch right I?
Think you can we can get the art didn't they figure that the it's just the weight limit
Let me look at it. Hi. I think they patched the freeloader
Yeah, the freeloader should work now actually remember that homebrew channel that we were talking about last week
they have the gecko freeloader that you can use on there, which is a
basically
Region free player for your Wii games nice and it's homebrew and free
Ssj100 Matt says I can't get my porn it must be the weak us dollar
I
Can't get his porn
You know they say that were the case then we wouldn't be able to buy any games because everyone would be selling them in different
Regions, that's just retarded. You know they say porn is a rescission proof. I don't know we'll see
Crunky boy jr. Says I'm sure Nintendo does this on purpose to create a day and do I mean serious?
This is retarded now. It's they want this to be the big Christmas item, and that's what they're gonna
Do they're gonna make this you know just like the Wii system, and it's gonna be a shortage for like a year and a half
You watch
All right, we'll see all right
Let's see what you the listener have to say you can always email us every week mailbag at orange launch rater calm
And every week dark Sakura picks out a few of her favorite emails and reads them to you in a little segment
We call the olr mailbag
It's a dark Sakura dive in to mailbag orange launch rater calm pull out a few of your favorites and read them
uh
None of them were my favorite so the end
nice try
Okay, this one comes from cheeseburger. I'm finally reading one of your emails, so leave me alone
Hey guys, I'm going to get an Xbox 360 pro soon, and I want some recommendations
Also, I got my first BSOD after playing six hours of Starcraft. I never found out what the problem was dude
You're playing six hours of Starcraft. Oh, we need the
Starcrafts pretty awesome them or your computer's like stop playing Starcraft play something else
It's such a broad question though about the whole like you know Xbox 360 recommendations
What do you like you know it really depends tell us some games that you you do like and that'll be good
I guess otherwise games that everybody seems to like at least if you're listening to this show
I can kind of already tell you probably must like you know the RPG you're not as into like sports games
Let's say we don't talk a lot about those unless it's like tech mobile
But we talk a lot more about RPGs, so if you like RPGs
I think lost odyssey is the best one out there in the u.s.. Right now
I'm not sure rez HD says act F. Which is an awesome music game if you like music based games
That's definitely a good one
I think every extent extra extreme is pretty good
Definitely try to mix it up between the arcade titles and the other stuff because there's some great great titles on Xbox live arcade that
Are worth your time geometry wars is still some of the best $5.00. You'll ever spend Marvel ultimate alliance
But you I still get that on multiple systems, but yeah, yeah, but I still go back and play that all the time
What if you're a racing game fan? What's one of the better racing games on Xbox 360 you think I?
I I still like the last burnout game project
Yeah, it depends. Yeah, I guess a bit. Oh orange box suggests act F
Which is you know definitely portal and other great shooter games if you like first-person shooters
So there's Tiger Claw Samus is not in Marvel ultimate alliance. It's Iron Man
No, it's Samus is in Marvel ultimate or was gonna be a molar ultimate alliance
But got cut out wow for the Wii version that the lever and there has been
Someone found it in the PlayStation 2 version because you know the code that they just you know edit out or whatever
Comment out kind of interesting
This then oh my god. There's a video out there. It's on I think Kotaku ran it. I want to say maybe even joystick
Alright, so there you go. There's some suggestions if you want more
I guess tell us what kind of games you do like and that'll give us some places to start
Anyway next email can I read it can uh-huh of course okay?
this comes from
lichen
Hey, olr. Hi. Hey. I just thought that I would say hi and keep up the good work
I was just wondering if any of you have seen the video of using the Wii with well
And if not I'll send it to you
And he did send a link to it, but I'm not gonna watch it
It said he thinks it's clean like our comments
But why don't we why don't we watch it and comment back on it next week?
I guess so because I've heard of it, but I haven't really watched it so Jamie
It'll be your responsibility to make sure we watch it for next week
Okay, all right. Oh, I have hiccups now
Next email yes, ma'am. Hey, olr. Hey
I've been listening to your awesome show for some time now
And I was just wondering what kinds of places you get your news slash release date really
Release dates from if you can't read it on air. Don't feel like revealing them. It's no big deal. I was just curious
Thanks PS breadsticks are brought to you by this email home of the never-ending Olive Gardens by amplitude
Amplitude we between the three of us
We probably look at like a hundred different gaming news sites and blogs out there on the internet
And I'll tell you a little bit about how it works behind the scenes behind the scenes
We keep a little thread in a private forum that nobody but the hosts and some of the other
Olr people who've worked with us for many years can see and basically when stories are interesting we put them in this post and then
We you know every Sunday
We'll thread them together into what stories are going to cover on the show and usually with few exceptions
I usually thread them together into the big big thing
But I just try to pick I try to pick a flow like pick the we stories put them together the Xbox stories
And you know try to pick big things sometimes I miss things that's why we have last-minute stories and Loki always picks up the crap
That I drop under the table
I will say though where I get my release dates from since it's come up on the show as a question before is that I?
Do actually get my release dates from Eurogamer mm-hmm, which is just great overall
And I get my Japanese release dates from import game stores, so there you go although sometimes. I will use
Just on my own. I will actually use some of the video game retailers in the UK to verify a few dates
But now on the other hand Loki sometimes has insider info on the US release dates
Thanks to you know the stuff that he does so yeah, and then other times
I'm just lazy and read it off a game stop
So there you go nice just depends or Kotaku or now that just wherever has you know whoever has it
I've even pulled crap off CNN and and sadly enough because I am in the game selling business a lot of this
I have on the top of my head too, so I could you know sometimes
I don't even need the release dates gs68 says what is olr a miserable little pile of secrets I?
Want to point out there's other people to contribute to the stories you hear on the show dark Tetsuya
Also posts in our thread and once in a while Travis Donovan and DMN put their head in there when they see something really interesting
So it's not just the three of us that contribute the stories, but just everywhere we have our eyes everywhere like the the
but what the
Terrorist story from the part a is actually um was a link given to me last night by my friend
Who's busy doing a programming test applying for a Namco?
And she's like I'm tired of doing this here look at these links are funny
You never know so I could I get them from people when I did the other week
I actually got from Rama so that was cool alright, so next email
Thank you amplitude, and it's amplitude with the why something amplitude
All right, this comes from Kevin
Tom hi Kevin dramatic music you guys um in the current show talked about Pinna Gogo
Which I've never heard of honestly have to keep that in mind. It's in Dixon, and it's really hot just word of warning
But are any of you going to attend California extreme? Oh hell? Yeah?
It's in San Jose, and you can read all the info at
www.ca expo.com or just California extreme into Google and Firefox URL bar blah blah blah
It'll be my first time going and it would be a kick to see what anyone else thinks of it from their first time
I'm keep up the good work and join the show
I hit the fair by accident and join this show as I'm typing from work ha Kevin
We won't tell your boss Kevin because I do this all the time, too
Um I have never been to California extreme, but I want to go this year
We ran and we actually ran into mela melody there last year
They had a hotel then they live and they live there. I think that's funny, but
Sometimes you want to get away last year in what where everyone knows your name um anyway um I?
Last year was my second California extreme, and it's just a freaking blast um
First of all it's air-conditioned which gives it major major points over Pinna Gogo right then and there um
um it's like you you go up to the desk you pay your money you walk in pinball oh
My God, it's not just pinball too. It's um
It's old classic games like they had the journey game there rob
That's why I'm fucking sold on this I played a full game of space Harrier
I beat space Harrier rob, but it's all in free play right when you get in oh, we're definitely going um
Um definitely going they had um. Oh, God. What else was it they had um?
That game where you slide a pole back and forth and you're sort of like a tug-of-war game were you?
Oh, I thought it was an incredible maze or whatever that no no no no no
It's or you you you have to either run them into or push it from the other side
It's whoever stronger, but you win matches out of it, and I actually um I'd be who did I be I?
Remember who I beat I beat will that was who I beat so look there's your long answer to the short answer yes
We're going there's more we asked for opinions of whoever had their first time and they also
It is an ultra Kade sort of show-off tech place, so they do have ultra pin there
They did last year an ultra pin is a plasma TV the size of a pinball table with
LEDs and everything up in it emulates different tables
And they help like and it's just really cool
And they also have a room with machines for sale, so if you wanted to come a bit of you know a classic joy
You can have a machine for cheap. They had an Alpine racing. They're like who's gonna take that home
Sorry, no one has room for that
But um yeah, um and I'll tell you what if you want to meet up
Because you know I'm definitely gonna go
Shoot another email, and we'll make arrangements for for meeting up. Do they do panels there or anything
I do believe they do panels maybe we ought to look into that all right
We'll have to see all right, but California extreme is just tons of fun tons of fun
Um oh god really long email
Long email is long well email is long, but but but but but but this is from Katamari's forever
So I'm gonna read it
What?
Sorry he's watching that movie while you're reading emails. I know watching something else all right. What is it now?
You gotta tell it porn it's a cat battle, but it's a battle
But that is controlled by a cat and it rides in it and that is the coolest thing ever
Oh my god. I post the link already in chat. Oh my god. Okay. Can I read this okay?
Good evening, olr. I trust you have had a pleasant weekend so far
Anyway, since I didn't write a letter for the past couple of weeks
I wanted to put out it put out a few things out of the open with the school year ending in a couple weeks for
Me and the raging sense of boredom. I feel I'm going to get I decided to stock up on summer games exclamation point
Since the titles coming out in the June July August months are slim pickings
I got more than enough games to hold me over from the a-list Wii titles to lost via Domus
While I live close to the border close to the border to Canada
I frequently shop there and Canadian EV games already has a game days sale out late June
I can't wait for the summer sales here, and I hope I can find a copy of rez ps2 version. I don't have a 360 or
Or excuse me guitar a man for dirt cheap
anything you're looking
Looking forward to playing other than while Ragnarok and GTA 4
I
Want the world ends with you
And I want the Iron Man game. I'm being denied
Guys
Game as we want. Yeah, you're looking forward to playing in the summer
I
Don't know I
Have to be honest sir not a lot. I can think of right now
We fit whenever I can get my hands on it. I think it'll be fun to play
Especially at the little demo. I had the other week, but as far as like games
I'm really looking forward to I can't think we're gonna live in your underwear, huh?
Can hula hoop in your underwear? I just might we should get you some underoos
No, thank you to contain that you looking for anything
I
was looking forward to Saints Row 2
but I can't now because
Later news Final Fantasy for DS if that ever comes out. I don't think that's coming out. It is summer. Is it a summer?
Yeah, it's July and the civilization game. So there you go. Okay, I'm looking forward to I
Thought I might be looking for grid. I'm not sure if I'm gonna pick that up. I think the next game I have an order is
Shit it was good to her here on DS, but I don't think I want that anymore. I
I don't know. I may just get like one of those DS
R4s or r6 is or wherever they are now and just homebrew. I might buy Guitar Hero Aerosmith for laughs
Well, I'm going to continue because I don't know please do
What I'm still waiting on. Oh, no, what I'm still waiting for is my Okami covers. Me too. Hi
I ordered one the week of when you said how to get one and I'm still waiting for it a month after
Have you gotten your cover yet? No does and does it look cool probably
I'll find out it looks cool on the website and well after reading some rave reviews and some really odd statistics
I picked up a copy of Grand Theft childhood from my local library
Well, I haven't read a whole lot of it finals week soon have to cram
I have to say I'm quite impressed
They somehow debunk all of the gaming myths such as violence and sex and shed some light on the hot topics
Like what girls actually play and how violent video games reduce stress?
I can't wait to finish it as well as my newly acquired copy of Katamari Damacy. I
have to say I was I
Was a little five-year-old boy again after hearing the news about DDRX and DDR hottest party to last week
Well, I know most of the world has moved on with other lavish music games
I'm still anticipating the release of one of the best franchises Japan has ever given birth to I
Must be the only one in Michigan who cares about this now and speaking of Konami. Are they what Rob you're grabbing the mic?
No, no, is it for support? Yeah, just getting ready in case I think of a witty comment
Okay, speaking of Konami. Are they really serious in releasing rock revolution in its current form?
I mean they should just change the engine to unreal 3-1 and put arrows instead of colored cues
But really Konami and Konami and Bemani should just release a guitar
Slash drum freakish type game and ditch the rock and roll is in vibe that just makes them sing like copycats of their own concept
hopefully the DLC and hottest party 2 will be one unlockable key that unlocks everything and
More for just 200 points or less we could hope but will they probably not three more things?
Thank you for giving us a countdown. How's dr. Mario online? Can you really send we friends a demo?
From what I understand. Yes, and somebody has sent me a demo, but I haven't bought the game myself yet
And we don't get copies because we're not special. So we have to buy them just like you
Rob are you going to penny arcade Expo?
That's the plan. I will know for sure in a couple weeks, but I am planning on going and ferret
Are you really going to be in a horror movie as the slasher that kills everyone?
I think we should let the ferret answer that don't you think I?
I don't think you should give them. Oh you shouldn't give so much plot details away ferrets. You know what ferret?
Okay, that's good enough, baby. I like the other one that made the different noises. I know the wolfie looking one. Yeah
Okay, I
Regret that this letter is very super long
I it's just that I had to say was on my mind
And I really didn't have the time until now until then your favorite email or freeway shuffle into the next DVR iteration
Cottamari is forever PS
This message should be brought to you by the Olive Garden, but instead it's currently asking permission to be endorsed by Bobby black wolf
although as
Cottamari's forever wrote booby
That's time. Maybe that's his cousin. It's a typo all right two more emails. They're little all right. Are they short. Yes, haven't j-rod
Hi guys
Just a quick hi j-rod just a quick comment. I was just listening to episode 279 at work the other day
When Loki started his rant about we fit and how Nintendo is just trying to find any market of soccer moms and people who watch
Oprah by the end of his rant I found myself almost clapping with my headphones on again
Loki echoes my thoughts around the world this email sponsored by the Olive Garden home of never-ending salads and breadsticks
Don't encourage him
I didn't say anything about it. Mommy heart
You know he likes it anyway
I was just wondering if you were going to do a show on a
Saturday on a long weekend like you talked about a while back
Oh, well our goes past midnight where I live and I have to get up at 5 in the morning
The show is comedy gold and I will listen until it is long dead like DTR
Thanks for putting on such a good show week after week, and that's BHK 667
I don't know so much about Saturday, but we did talk about doing a show like around noontime
So we should still make sure that happens at some point
Sometime over the summer you know what we should do although. It would probably kill us what do an all-night marathon
No way my die
I remember what happened when I did a marathon show at you know the tournament we had at scandia
That wasn't fun
Do you run out of things to talk about and it's just now if we if we found something though to keep things interesting like maybe
Rotating out old video classic video games for a night or something there there, or we did it for charity or something
There might be a reason to do it. I don't know maybe Labor Day weekend, but don't hold your breath
Alright, so that's it for emails
Yeah, if you would like to contribute mailbag at orange launch rated comm is the place to go for now more gaming news
So as I kind of hinted what we were talking about games for the summer
Sorry hold on black wolf reminded me Labor Day weekend is the same as packs for some reason
I thought it was a weekend before so what's the next three-day weekend after Labor Day weekend? Maybe Thanksgiving?
That's not a three-day weekend rob four-day weekend. No, it's not support a pre weekend. No, it's not whatever I
Probably won't be here. How about I?
Don't know let's make up our holiday
Seriously, we'll figure something out. We'll make up a holiday olr day. That's it
We have olr day, and we can all take off from work. We'll see we'll see
Anyways say zero two has been delayed to October 14th and
You know because I would imagine that grand theft auto 4 is so awesome
so you know they have to spend the extra time making sure that say zero two doesn't suck and
Apparently they're saying you know of course marketing issues and product quality is the reasons for the oh?
Product quality well, it's just making sure that the game's not so glitchy. You know after all we don't want another musical
Detailing the glitches in the game. Well. I do, but you know no one else does
I don't know
I think it's kind of cool though that they're putting it out so late because I guess me enough time to be done with
Grand theft auto 4 not that I'll ever be done with grand theft auto 4
But you know to the point where I can play another game
All right, in fact. That's what I'm going to do this summer's play games
I already have well while you're waiting for a new game such as Saints Row 2 to come out
There's always Xbox live arcades weekly releases to keep you company and this week
There are two releases and none of them is a rehashed arcade title. That's pretty exciting
Roo goo is one of the titles coming out. It sounds like ragu the pasta sauce
This is just me, but Roo goo is coming out from South Peak, and it's a puzzle game coming out for 800 Microsoft points
That's $10 and apparently it's a four-player game
It doesn't have to be what you do you slide pegs of different shapes into appropriate holes while you're trying to save an alien race
So it sounds like the game perfection
Put a little different that sounds bizarro could be interesting the screenshots definitely look bizarro
They have a very katamari ish vibe to them, but thankfully all Xbox live arcade games come with a demo
So we'll be able to find out and if that's not your cup of tea
Maybe aces of the galaxy will be that is the other game that's going to be coming out unfortunately
We don't know a lot about it. We know it has co-op play and
It's also an 800 point price tag, and it's coming out from our tech and we have a screenshot
So it looks like a space game hence Galaxy, but that's about it
So you'll have to check that out when the demo comes out
But if you've been for whatever reason secretly following aces the galaxy no more information. We do well, then the payoff is this week
There you have it
Hey, y'all hey
Hmm hey hey listen what?
Galaga yes
um there is a listing up for a
Galaga legions for Xbox 360
It's actually put up by the usk which is the German version of the ESRB
And I would so try to pronounce it if I didn't suck completely a German so whatever although actually that did remind me something funny
I found in GTA 4 by the way
But I'll talk about that later
All righty
Okay, they have they have a billboard for something called pass what?
pass was sir piss water, so anyway
That's funny, okay
So um so basically it's it's a shooter. That's about
All we know so but it's Galaga and they're not sprightly. You know in pixely so
Okay, you know what though the weird thing about this is that it makes me think maybe it's an upgrade thing like pac-man vs.
Was or not?
Versus pac-man of wealth I mean that was an upgrade, but you know I'm thinking a pac-man championship edition
Kind of like that although pac-man championship edition is pretty awesome
So they are making a game like that, but out of Galaga that could be kind of cool because I actually like Galaga
So I don't know I like Galaga a whole lot
I actually have a little um charm thing. That's the the ship somewhere
Hmm, I don't know if I care for Galaga that much but
but one game that people seem to care about quite a bit was penny arcade and
The penny arcade game actually penny arcade adventures was the highest grossing Xbox Live arcade debut ever
earning
$20,000 in its first three days, and that's according to of course VG charts the prior record holder was worms HD and
I guess in term of units sold on the rain slick precipice of darkness was the third highest performer of 2008
So that's pretty cool, huh?
Well that good for them
I still have not bought the game, but I think I'm going to because I had a lot of fun with the demo
So we'll see but the penny arcade game good for them
It's a funny game. I know that
Well, I know Loki's going to be very excited about this and this could break records of a different kind
It's not an Xbox live, but virtual console
There's a game. I know that Loki has been begging and pleading for on virtual console for the longest time
Guess what Super Mario RPG legend of the seven stars is apparently making its way to
Japan
It's going to be in June. It's made its way to the June release calendar and
You know the games that tend to show up in the Japanese calendar usually end up over here eventually
So there you go one thing though
Nintendo has made the game cost an extra 100 we points just because they know this game will be better so
900 we points for this game there you have it by the way some other games that show up on the Japan's June release list
For the NES Yoshi's cookie, which we already have here
Nekketsu Coco dodgeball boo
For the Sega Master System Rambo for the Genesis Phantasy Star 4 for PC engine which over here was
TurboGrafx-16 power tennis days of Thunder paranoia and blazing lasers and for the neo-geo
Lasers for the neo-geo king of monsters ninja commando and art of fighting too
So do you know the art of fighting?
I
Know there's a character named after me in art of fighting
No, I am I spent like about 30 minutes today reading the Wikipedia article about Dan and in
From the Street Fighter alpha series and how he was a big parody of Rio and
Robert Garcia
Hmm with Yuri's taunts
So interesting, but I know I don't know are you excited about Super Mario RPG on Virtual Console?
Loki or I am pretty excited about it
Just have to wait for it to come out over here. Yeah, we'll be waiting Nintendo. We're sitting here waiting
I'm not
Fine, then why don't you read a story or something? I think I will then guess what else is going to be on the Wii
Beer pong game no you have to guess though cuz I'm not gonna read the story well. I know the answer tech mobile
Oh done the done um not the Virtual Console releases
We've already got but we'll have tech mobile kick off
Which is a new football game that is going to be on the Wii, so it's um
going to be on the Wii and we'll probably use a wiimote and
It's football that's about all that we've got details on but I'm I'm sort of agreeing with this article that it's it's
Has the stench of we wear about it
Will it have the awesome halftime cutscenes that the NES version had?
That's what I'm hoping for I believe in the it's going to be on Wii and be about football should cover about everything
I know about that game
fine
Be that way see if I care. I will hey our skype line is going to be open very soon
1 8 7 7 game Olr if you want to get in on the fun
We have a couple more stories to read for you first loki. I was going to say also one thing to
Going back to the tech mobile that is interesting this here
You can customize your team's everything down to the logos to the player stats names, Etc
That's how they're getting around not having license
Because you can make your own team, ha ha nice smart
anyways
something else that's coming to
Consoles well not anytime soon, but eventually
Street fighter 4 and one of the cool things about Street fighter 4 is other than online play
You'll be getting some new characters from the arcade
And two of the characters that they showed concept art for
Faye long and Dan
so that's pretty cool and
uh there's also supposedly more characters Beyond just those two, but
to the start
It's kind of interesting to see that they're adding characters from you know Street fighter turbo and stuff like that plus
It's Dan, and I'm sure that makes Jamie kind of happy
Yeah
this is he cracks me up because I love that his one of his attacks is it translates to
taunting legend and
Shiny fist I love all of his attacks. They're just hilarious
I actually kind of like playing as Faye long and the street fighter super game, so
I'm excited to hear he's in the street fighter for
Sound he always made that's pretty cool
There you go
All right, we'll be checking that out when the street fighter 4 comes out here in America
Hopefully sooner rather than later. We'll see anyhow
Steam I talked about steam earlier when I was talking about audio surf which I was reviewing earlier in the show
Valve has announced that there will be a new edition coming to steam. It's steam cloud
It's the services announced this past week what it's going to do
It's going to store your steam player data online and the cool thing about that is that you can access your save games
Keyboard configurations all the games that you purchase through steam from any computer anywhere
So that was something that was announced for earlier this week
Valve is very committed to PC gaming and saying the PC retail is not doomed
Even though they sometimes have these free weekend games on steam it just in turn supports stronger sales at retail
You know some people just don't want to buy their games online
So we'll have to see how this turns out. It sounds pretty cool in theory doesn't it yeah, so we'll see how that works
Yeah, in theory you never know how that's going to work all right the skype line is now open
1877 game, Olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio
And we're going to go to the skype line right now and take a call hi you're on orange lounge radio. Who's this?
Hey, all right. It's G68 hi. Hello. Huzzah. What's on your mind, buddy?
Um so california extreme I might I think I'll go check it out
Cool, then we'll see you there, and hopefully we'll be able to do something there although
I don't know if it's last minute or what but we'll do an Olr lunch or something if nothing else
So if I decide to go that
That might throw me what little chance I have to go to comic-con this year. Oh
Decisions decisions comic-con I hear is pretty awesome. I've never been myself, but I mainly go to comic-con mainly because my
My friends from this cosplay group. I was at with Phantom at Phantom made this year gonna be there
This year gonna be there
Here's the thing if we go to california extreme. We're probably only gonna go for the day
I don't know about jamie, but I see it as more of a day trip than a weekend trip personally
I don't think it's something I want to stay the night for i'm actually gonna go for both days. Wow
She's dedicated
So mainly because i'm in the area. Well, santa clara specifically, right? Oh, gosh, it's right in your backyard. Why not? You should go
pretty much
It's like six miles from my house. Oh, well, then you got nothing another word speaking of santa clara
You said you live in santa clara?
Yep, I uh, I might be going to santa clara around the time of my birthday
I'm thinking of taking the day off work to go with uh, my uh boyfriend so we can go ride some rides. So it'd be fun
I've been there
Once this year and I didn't pick up a season pass. Unfortunately, didn't they have a new ride there this year?
Like um firefall, is that new this year? Yeah, I think so
Looks interesting. All right
Anyhow, anything sorry, we're gonna we're gonna announce we got from food chat to amusement park chat
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight? Yeah
What critical thing out of my final report last week swap meet?
Oh, how was the swap meet at fonome?
best deals ever
How so?
like
If you go to kenya for example and buy european CDs like 40 dollars like
This guy over the swap me was selling those for only ten dollars each
nice
Now to get some other games are cheap. I'm contra for for 18 and amplitude for three dollars
I like bargains. That's one thing I missed about going down. Uh, not i'm almost called it out of my expo
one thing I missed about going to fonome this year was uh getting to go to the dealer's room and the
swap me and all that good stuff and trying to uh
Uh, get some good deals on shirts and stuffed animals and other chibi things
uh, I did something cool happen when I was like getting contra for I had a 100 bill and
I offered to get only 80 and change back and to make it for a different to throw in
an ultra mix 3 slash extreme 2 sample cd
Oh, hey
well
Little deals are pretty awesome sometimes so cool. Cool
Yeah, so anyone listening if you go to anime game adventures and don't go to swap meets you're missing out
The swap meets are great. I've looked into lots of good stuff at swap meets
awesome
All right. Well gs60. We gotta let you go take some more calls
But uh, well, it sounds like we'll be running into you at some bay area event in the near future. So take care, buddy
Let's see. Yeah. All right
If you want to give us a call 1 877 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio
Hi, you're on orange lounge radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys? It's toshin. Hello toshin. What's on your mind my friend. Uh, not much
Uh, I wanted to know rob if you've got picked up super budge dodgeball for the ds this week
No, I forgot it came out. Did you get it?
Yeah, I actually uh, I played my friend's copy loaned it to me. It's pretty fun. Oh my god
Tell us about this game. Is it is it faithful to the original or what?
I would say it's pretty faithful. Um, I only got to play like a multiplayer brawl, but I mean you can
Apparently level up like your players and there's like 14 or 15 different like teams you can pick
And like your super shots are apparently picked on your birth date that you enter in the q the whenever they ask you for it
Huh? That's kind of interesting
yeah, so I don't know all the combinations of like the super shots, but
Oh
My friends is pretty cool. It's kind of like the one where
You know when you run and it was like one of the slider ones like it was back and forth like a vertical ball, right?
He he had that one set up which was kind of cool. Huh? I didn't
But eight man brawl. Oh, that's really fun. Oh my gosh, this game sounds pretty awesome already
Can you play it over wife? Uh, can you play over internet wi-fi or is it just local wi-fi?
It's it's it's just a single card multiplayer on full trip. Fortunately, it's that's the only downfall I was like this has to have wi-fi
No, at least it's got the single or you only have to have one card to play multiplayer. That's kind of nice, I guess
Yeah, it's awesome. So cool. Well, I think for the reminder they came out. I gotta go get it. Oh, you have to get it. Hmm
All right
Very cool. Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight? Any other games you've been playing or what have you?
Uh, I haven't been playing a lot because i've been working a lot, but you know
I I probably won't make use of the six or eight hundred microsoft points. You're going to give me this
Yeah, finally I finally got that over to you. So uh, definitely check that out
Well, you're supposed to be getting rez hd with it. That was the deal. So, uh, that's the
So, oh no i'll make use of the points I will definitely make up use of the points and
You know, we have to play like rock paint or something soon or something. All right
Well, I want full reviews on whatever you get later on. Okay, you got it. All right, take care tosha and have a good one
Thanks
Thank you. Thanks for the reminder about that ds
Super dodgeball ds. I had no idea what's coming out. Hey, the phone's ringing off the hook tonight
We're already into another call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Yo, this jammer jay. Hello jammer jay. What's on your mind? I don't believe i've heard you call before have you called before?
Um, I haven't called before. Oh, well then hello first time caller. What's on your mind?
Nothing. That was one. Um, hold on a second. I'm getting a little lag. That's all right. It happens
You got to shut down the porn torrents when you're listening. No, i'm just kidding. Yeah, okay
I was curious on um, oh, I don't usually have those running about now. I was curious. What uh, um,
What is the farthest you guys have ever traveled just to play?
Ddr like a road trip just to solely played an arcade version of ddr
Oh good question farthest we've ever traveled to solely play an arcade version of ddr
Loki do you have any uh answer for this? Well, it's pretty much just like three hours
I think we've been driving drove from here to like san jose or milpitas to play like some japanese
stuff there. I remember also we drove to stockton golf land to play, uh
Extreme I was max 2 when it first came out. Yeah max 2 when it first came out. They only had a stockton golf land
Uh, well, here's the thing do like tournaments count because we drove all the way to san diego once to go to a tournament
At rays and san diego is like a 10-hour drive from here
So that was pretty that's like one of the farthest I can think of or if you guys drove to like, uh, was it um,
The japanese arcades arcade infinity. I was thinking I don't I didn't drive all this way to play ddr
But I have driven that whole way to play beatmania 2dx would be
Arcade infinity, which is in la which is about uh, six and a half hour drive from here
So, how about you? How much the furthest you've ever driven think about six hours, but sometimes when I um
Go on trips. I make it a highlight to hit up any ddr in the area. So I think
Maybe like 10 hours
See that would that's kind of similar to something that's being mentioned in chat right now is this is j100
Matt is saying rob did go to new jersey to go to a ddr tournament and that's true
I happened to be in um allentown pennsylvania the exact same weekend that a ddr tournament was going on at eight in the break
Or was it in the groove? I think it was both
Um, and so I actually drove over to eight on the break in new jersey
Which is about a 90-minute drive just check out this tournament and see what the east coast scene was like because you know
There's a whole that east coast versus west coast
Although I didn't know anybody I really felt kind of like a fish out of water just because I was like a stranger and I
Wasn't really participating or anything and nobody really knew me over there. So I was like, oh my god
He really knew me over there. So it was um, you know, but I had a good time. It doesn't mean I didn't have a good time
What's that i've been to a ddr tournament in beluxy when I went back to visit
I know I know you were out for a moment when the caller first called in but he was wondering what's the furthest you've ever
Gone just to play ddr just to play ddr. Yeah
And I was I was saying okay beatmania 2dx at least there's been arcade infinity, but that's close actually
I went to san diego
to um
Well, I was going to san diego anyway, but one of the things I intended on doing was playing. Um
The uh, ddr max when it was new
That's right because rays was like the first place anywhere that had that huh and I went and played it
And that's when I realized that doing um that the hold arrows hurt really bad
Because i've got a little bit of a weakness in my ankles. So
But um other than that though the farthest distance i've traveled and then played ddr
Was um going back to alabama
From here. Okay, that's that's cool. Was that um, beluxy tournament at boomtown?
I do believe it was it was a few years ago. It was, you know, definitely before katrina
Um, and it was when we had a max they were just getting a fifth mix
Okay, yeah, I think I remember that because my buddy was working at that arcade there in boomtown
Wow, it wasn't boomtown now that I think about it because it was that the arcade was sort of off to the side
If I remember correctly and and it was a shiny brand new machine and I got up there and I think I played um
Why didn't I play superstar?
Because that was no it wasn't that it was when I was I had this thing about doing um
What was it that I used to always play? Um in hidden?
I don't remember I used to play I would only play the song hidden. Anyway, I don't remember but that's how how long ago that was
But yeah, it's a small world me and dark sakura are from the same part of the u.s
Oh, yeah, there you go. Next next time I next time I go hit up the home front, you know
Ddr. Well, not i'm not down there though. I'm in idaho. Oh, i'm sorry
Hey, but there's a um within two hours is supernova 2 arcade. So that's not too bad. That's sweet. That's cool
Yeah, apparently there's a supernova 2 in roseville, but i've yet to play it. You know, i'm just I I
I love being from the south, but I don't miss living there
It's a place you want to visit once in a while I don't ever go visit in the summer ever I made that
Yeah, I like it in the summer down there humidity
Really quick question for you jammer jay, and then we're gonna let you go
But um, do you think that the ddr home versions have kind of killed that whole desire to drive out and uh, go play other types
of ddr
I don't know the um reason i'll play the home versions that much as I don't up here
I don't have a good since I live in an apartment complex. I can't use my cobalt flux
It depends on what you play at at home on the actual platforms
I had that problem when I lived with extra furs that we lived upstairs and when I played ddr
It wasn't fun for the downstairs people so I couldn't do that
so
Yeah, but other than that like some people in the home version they have just as much fun on it
But I would need to really play in the arcade because I hit pretty hard on the pads, huh?
All right. All right. Well jammer jay, we gotta let you go to get some more calls
So thanks for the call and uh, I hope you call in again sometime. We like cool. Thanks
Peace out and triple a peace out
Peace out. All right
What was the other thing you said in triple a oh like car insurance? Yeah, I guess so or maybe you know high score
ddr triple a
Where you make the machine go oh
One more call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, it's ronma. God. You always get through you got the miracle dialing finger. That's all right
We like you at least what's on your mind?
Not too much. I'm recovering from wizard world philly which was this weekend from what wizard world wizard. Oh, really? How is that?
Want me to be honest, yes, of course it sucked why did suck
As much as they really said this would be a big comic book convention
I could tell you look like no more than ten thousand people showed up at least it was just quiet
You know, it was just like bleh, you know, I don't know ten thousand sounds like a lot to me
I mean, it's no comic-con but still
Plus, um, the tournaments were kind of crappy too. That's too bad
So what is it really pissed me up is the fact that somebody was there selling roms and emulate emulators and roms for
Between 30 and 50 bucks. Oh
That's that you can get really busted for that. I mean, it's kind of illegal to begin with but when you're selling it for profit
That's when they really go all out of the way to get you. You gotta be careful
Turn them in the funny thing is with hmm. I said turn them in
Well, there's already someone going around doing that but at the comic conventions
They really bust you more for selling bootleg tv shows and movies and stuff like that. It's really sad when you see
like your favorite tv show
At the con for sale the entire first season for like 40 bucks where you can go to best buy and get it with a better
Quality, um cover for like 20
hmm
All right, well interesting, um, would you tell me a little more about this con
It was comics and games and like anime and like all that all rolled into one
Something like there's more comic books than they add in a touch of science fiction and anime. Um, kind of like
Because that's what comic-con does. I mean comic-con is supposed to be about comic books
But hello, like, you know, the battle star galactica people show up every year and so, you know turn into this big big thing. So
Well, even with starbuck being there still wasn't all that big big big thing. Ah, too bad starbuck was there
Yeah, my roommate was online for two hours to get her autograph. Nice
Good times. I've actually I finally been catching up on battle star galactica. I'm in the third season right now. So good times
I'm yeah overall. I don't think we're going back next year. Oh, that's too bad. Well, there you go
Oh
All right. Well rama anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Quick story. All right about two weeks ago. I went to games. I'd pick up a game. I bought rumble roses xx
Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know but I wanted a game you got sucker. I want that game
Hey, I paid 12.99 for it. Can't complain. No. No, I actually I do want that game
Like quite a lot
Good music, right?
Yeah boobs
Yeah, all right finish your story rama, it's a it's a we we got to finish sometime tonight
Sure, no problem. So as i'm picking up the game, there's a guy there who?
Flat out says turn-based rpgs suck
And I looked at him. I'm like, what was that?
He's like, yeah turn-based rpgs suck and I me my roommate look at him
I'm, like you've never played the classic games like dragon warrior or final fantasy. He looks at me in my room and go
Oh you guys must be in your 30s or your 40s?
I would have slapped him right in the store if I could bastard you should have teach the kid a lesson
Respect your elders you little shit
Well, my roommate goes, yeah, you're right. You're absolutely correct
Tell you what, i'm gonna go home and have sex with my hot asian girlfriend while you're fat with your five fingers. Later
Oh snap
And I'll lean if you look a little bit like rocio ut it's oh stop it
I'm, sorry, I had to get that in just for the chat room. I'm sorry. I'm so glad that you're coming to hang out with me
Yeah
Rama, what's the weekend you're gonna be here?
Fourth of july week and i'll be touching down is sacramental at 1106 a.m. So you're just gonna miss the um anniversary show
Well, I can't get that time off. No, it's fine. I understand better late than never right?
Of course, we'll make up for for lots of alcohol. Look we're gonna have a great independence day rama think of it this way fire
Need a same right explosions at my house exactly
Okay, we pull a couch out in front of the street and burn shit
That's the best and then at the end they burn the couch fire rockets have broken toilets, okay
I don't know where they find every they find a toilet they get the fire the firecrackers. They just start launching them out of there
I'm like where the hell do you find this? You don't know black wolf and chat sums it up purpose or perfectly
Our old buddy bobby black wolf the fourth of july the day where you celebrate the birth of our nation by blowing apart of it
Up works for me said all right rama. We got to let you go. Take care buddy. Okay. See y'all later
All right soon bring fire. All right. All right, actually don't bring fire on the plane. They don't like that like fire. All right
Maybe we'll have to do some type of video thing for the fourth of july and uh the cast of olr setting things on fire
I videotaped last year's. Oh good, but I have but I had a migraine too
Yeah, I I had to leave the party early because my horrible migraine. No, I had a migraine and had to massage people
Oh fun. I mean, I didn't mind doing it. But so they know you rob rob was in a really bad way last year
Yeah, I was uh, it was bad. Anyway, let's not talk about my my crappy life
Let's talk about last minute stories loki. Do you have anything tonight for us? Yeah
um nintendo actually had
released some dates for japanese game releases and there's some new games on there that
A lot of people might not know about including well this one they showed off before mario's super sluggers for the wii
Which is coming out june 19th there then they've got band brothers dx, which is coming out on the ds
That's june 26. Then july 10th is resident evil zero
From capcom july 24th is wario land shake on the wii
which is going to be kind of like a
Super paper mario type game all sides scrolling but um using we
Motion controls and stuff like that. All right about that sounds kind of interesting
july 31st fatal frame 4 the mask of the lunar eclipse
And also on the 31st rhythm tengoku gold
Another rhythm music game and fire emblem ds in on august
Seventh and uh, they had a little they have a screenshot or not really well a scan I guess
Of some of the stuff for wario land shake. It looks pretty cool. That's just like a platforming game and stuff
That's just like a platforming game and stuff. Um, let's see here also, um
There's um a new tournament going on for mario kart wii this one's a little different
It's not just like a race and times and stuff like that. You're actually doing a boss battle and you're battling. Um,
The uh spiky top man from um, super mario galaxy
so that's kind of neat that they actually have almost kind of like download content for this game that you're um,
Fighting a new boss or something
I don't know why they include something like this in the game like maybe a story mode or something like that
But at the very least though, um, you can check it out for free
and um
the
Exclusive tournament and content ends june 9th. So if you want to check that out
Do it now
um
Let's see here
Apparently there's a that game next week grid that's coming out
Um, it's the xbox 360 version is apparently freezing up on people
uh-oh, so, um
Oh code masters is rushing to fix the game already, which I believe has been released in the uk already
But uh, you know, we'll be coming out soon maybe a day one patch or something like that. Um
Um, they say no, we're getting close through the problem and we're fixing or we will be including a fix and a backup work around option
Just in case in our forthcoming patch due within the next few weeks or sooner
Uh, we think the issue is due to a specific
Um drive hardware and possibly with uh bad blocks or sectors on your hard drive. So
interesting
Um, let's see here
Let's see here apparently nintendo of america has 100 we aware titles in development
I wonder how many of those are going to be crap
So that's interesting
And um, let's see here
There's some mobile games have been selling pretty well
Uh sonic mobile has hit 8 million downloads
Which is pretty amazing for a mobile game and guitar hero 3 mobile has made a 1 million
downloads, so that's kind of cool
Um, if you're interested in watching some original content from g4 or stuff that they used to have on their station
Um, you can check out
both
I think they have episodes of xplay on there now or attack of the show and stuff like that as well as
code monkeys
and I want to say there was a
Uh this block I guess which is um a snowboard documentary series that never really uh
debuted on the network
Huh, you know why they don't just put this stuff on their own network instead of I don't know cops marathons and cheaters
it's beyond me but
Who knows?
all right, and uh
That is pretty much it, all right
All right. Well that's gonna bring us to a close of another week of orange lounge radio
But not until we go around and get everybody's final thought loki your final thought tonight
Uh, my final thought is i'm gonna go cook some salmon
Uh, my final thought is I want to go eat some salmon, uh dark sakura
I like fire
All right. Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent
Podcasting by supporting orange lounge radio and all games radio. We really appreciate it
Hey, if you like what you hear all you got to do tell two friends, you know about our show because it's a you slowly
Tell your friends and they tell other friends and so on and so on eventually we take over the world
It's just this really easy plot
It's like a pyramid scheme
But you don't have to pay for it because it is free here at orange lounge radio
Or you could leave us a real nice review on itunes
We appreciate that or any site where you can like rank podcasts and spread the word that way on the internets
So thank you guys very much for tuning in to another week
We'll be back next week with more of orange lounge radio. Thanks again. Have a good week everybody
You've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
To join us for a live show visit
www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m
pacific time
The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect
Those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com
But we're probably right anyway
See you next week
