Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, June 1st, 2008.
Could achievement like trophies be coming to PlayStation Network?
A homebrew version of Portal shows up on the DS.
And could a video game soon teach you to stop smoking?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And occasionally food.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me is always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I had a hamburger.
It was delicious.
My husband cooked it.
He had Worcestershire sauce cooked into it.
Every time I hear Worcestershire sauce I think of that one episode of South Park.
Forget it.
I watched the end of the Imaginationland episode.
That was kind of cool.
Worcestershire sauce was like a long time ago.
I had to do zombies.
Does that look like pink eye?
Sorry.
If the Worcestershire sauce is cost you to become a zombie.
I don't remember what it was.
Forget it.
My burger was great.
I have to tell everybody about this because it was really delicious.
I had wheat bun and a little bit of mayonnaise.
I put garlic on the bun.
Like chopped garlic.
And mozzarella and cheddar shredded cheese.
And it was a delicious burger.
It was tasty.
I also have Guinness but I don't think I like beer anymore.
Guinness isn't beer thankfully.
I think I just lost my taste for a lot of alcoholic beverages.
For now.
I had a good food week too yesterday.
I've had to really eat a lot of very bland low fat food.
Thanks to the pancreas issues I had a couple weeks ago.
Whereas the bright side is I've lost almost 30 pounds now.
And haven't even had to play an ounce of Wii Fit.
The downside is I don't get to eat food I like.
But yesterday we were driving to the bay.
And I got to go buy one of my favorite places in the entire world.
Mary's Pizza Shack.
I love that place.
I actually ate like a pasta dish and the bread.
And I seem to be okay.
I found something that I think you might be able to partake of at California Pizza Kitchen.
What's that?
Is it if you have them do light cheese on your pizza and get the wheat crust?
Might not be bad.
You should be able to get away with pizza every now and again.
But you can make it yourself.
And I will give you recipes but not on the air.
Alright.
Yes because we do have video games to get to.
Also say hello to the other co-host, Loki.
I'm three minutes into the show and I hadn't introduced you yet.
I'm so sorry but food, Loki, food.
I'm so tired today.
Are you tired?
I don't know why I just feel all drained.
Like I have no energy.
Is it like lethargic tired?
Like I have a birthday coming soon.
I'm getting older.
I literally feel like I have no energy.
It's weird.
Speaking of food, I saw this thing on the Food Network actually.
It's a local place.
It's a dive called the Squeeze Inn.
I think I have actually.
Well they have a burger that's a third a pound of beef with a third a pound of cheese on it.
And it's just huge.
I have to eat that.
That sounds like too much.
It literally is.
Like you have the patty and then there's like an extra inch of cheese around the outside.
Is that a knife and fork burger?
No.
Alright, anyhow.
Look, enough food.
Alright guys, I do want to introduce the ever present other host on our show.
You, the chatters.
Chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to join our chat room.
Or of course you can wait until we open up the Skype line later in the show.
There's our mailbag that's already pretty full this week.
But if you do want to send an email you can do that.
Mailbag.OrangeLawnTrader.com
I did peek in there a little bit at the mailbag and you can check it out during part B.
I noticed for the most part a lot of the emails are getting a lot shorter.
So props to our listeners.
That's because Jamie gets laryngitis every time she tries to read them.
So it's good. We have some short emails this week.
So that's good.
I wanted to point out some comments in chat.
At chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com
Dark Tetsuya was expressing surprise.
What? Jamie doesn't like beer anymore?
Wow.
It's not really so much that I don't like it.
It's just that...
I'll go ahead and say this right now.
In the past couple of weeks, like I was telling you earlier today,
I've been having digestion problems of my own.
And beer has been making me very pained.
Well alcohol is just bad for your digestion system in general.
It is.
I will probably not be able to drink alcohol for like a year if ever again.
I think I mentioned this on last week's show.
But it's not the end of the world.
I found I'm okay with a little bit of wine.
But beer itself...
I can have like say a bottle of Newcastle.
I can have a pint of Newcastle.
And I'll feel uncomfortable by the time I'm done with it
when I used to be able to kick back a six pack all on my own with no problem.
Getting old sucks.
No. This has happened all within the last couple of weeks.
Amae Satsuma in chat says cheeseburger, one of our common chatters,
cheeseburger may have to change your name to Dark Sakura's poo in a few hours.
Gross.
That's the other reason I actually ate my cheeseburger
is I'm experimenting with my food
because I'm actually writing down everything I eat
so I can see what hurts.
Dark Sakura gave me that look of...
Why did you read that comment?
Geekboy2424 says that he just recently watched the YouTube video this week
of Loki drunk playing Mario Kart.
Remember when we have a YouTube channel and there's things like that?
That was you at your bachelor party quite some time ago playing Mario Kart drunk.
Good times.
I'm hoping that we'll have more things on YouTube soon.
The bad news is that we have no webcam tonight.
There's no Justin TV.
The webcam broke and so the audio doesn't work anymore
and yeah, I can use the built-in speaker on the Mac
but listening to last week's show, it sucked.
So here's the thing though.
I've picked out the video camera I want to get
and the good news is that the video camera can also double as a webcam
but it can also be a video camera to go out and shoot more shenanigans.
You should get that one that they had at the lounge that all games used to be in
where they could control it and turn it and stuff.
No, it's not a webcam. It's an actual video camera.
Remember, it's not porn unless you tape it.
Yeah, and then I can also start my amateur porn studio with my new video camera.
No, just kidding.
Alright, okay.
Let's go ahead and get into How Was Your Gaming Week,
how we always like to start off the show even though we're like seven minutes into tonight's show.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Poor. It was poor.
Sorry to hear that.
Actually, I had drama this week.
I had to kick a pinball machine to break into my own house.
Nice.
That story is for later but anyway.
I've been getting on My Husband because he's supposed to be getting me The World Ends With You
and every time he says he's going to do it,
oh, the store doesn't have it.
So you can't go to another.
Okay, then I'll have to suffer.
Evil man.
So The World Ends With Dan.
But, but, but, but, but I did have a really, really awesome game of World Cup soccer pinball.
Excellent.
And he's working on our Black Knight 2000. I'm so happy.
Sweet.
You were telling me a funny story about Grand Theft Auto.
I don't know if you want to talk about it now or later.
Oh, fuck. Okay.
It's funny.
Okay, I was watching Will play and Will is Dan's pretty much his best buddy.
BFF.
Yeah.
Anyway, I was watching him play right before I left.
It just like as I was leaving with my hamburger in hand.
He was ordering from Burger King in the game.
And we were talking about shot or whatever the crap it is.
Burger hell.
So we were talking about falling down, though.
You know that movie?
What was who is with Kurt Russell?
Michael Douglas.
Michael Douglas.
Kurt Russell. Yeah, Michael, because we were watching that South Park episode.
Anyway, the Stargate thing, you know?
Anyway, so we were making references to falling down and I was like,
you should just shoot her.
He's like, no, I need my burger so I can regain my health.
I was like, well, then eat your burger and then shoot her.
So he gets his burger, holds out the gun and she's like, oh, shit.
I guess it's like they instantly go into this panic deer in the headlights look.
And I would do I mean, I've had a gun pointed at my face before.
So I know the the thing.
And then he shoots her and then like five other people pull up behind him and pull out guns.
Like, I'm leaving. Bye.
And then and then he also made a motorcycle appear from nowhere and promptly crashed it.
And his friend landed on his head and we thought he died, but he got up.
I was like, your friend's really thick.
So I part of me does want to pick up Grand Theft Auto just for the lols alone and think in situations like that.
But I just I have this bad feeling it'll wear off quickly.
I get more amusement watching other people play it.
You just have to remember, Grand Theft Auto is not usually my thing, you know, but I guess I really should.
I enjoyed watching Loki play it, so I should probably get it.
We'll see. The multiplayer is probably fun, too.
Let's see. What did somebody say in chat here?
Oh, SGA 100 Matt says Jamie gets into her house by playing pinball. Awesome security system.
OK, OK, OK, OK. The story.
Real quick. I got locked out of my house yesterday.
OK, I have this little pouch on the side of my purse. I put my keys and then my keys fell out.
So I get outside, shut the security door.
You make sure it's locked and then realize when I'm reaching in my purse, I do not have my keys on me.
And Dan can't leave the store to come help me in.
I can't get a hold of anybody who either A has the keys to some part of my house or can take me to go get Dan's.
So I'm going around the house and I found out that one of the screens actually didn't have the little protective tab in it, which we are going to remedy.
And I got the screen out, climbed up on this chair that we have outside for some unknown reason.
Had to contort to freaking get in the window because I'm still too short and slid down a pinball machine.
We know the only window that I could get in was the one that Dan has the no fear pinball backed up against.
So I had to actually push it.
And then I was like, I'm too short to jump down from here because you know how tall those windows are in the pinball room.
Right.
So I made it down and then had to push the pinball machine back.
And I thought I broke a leg of the pinball machine, not mine.
I thought I broke my ankle though.
And then it was just really bad.
I've got everything back in order and now the house is once again impregnable.
But still.
All right.
Please, please do not be breaking into Dark Soccer's house.
OK, thanks.
No, because I'll kill you.
All right.
Well, with the fish.
Well, I feel like more Grand Theft Auto 4.
Of course.
Well, I'm just working towards 100% stuff.
Did you shoot anyone in the face?
Yes.
All right.
I'm pretty sure I did.
Anyways, so I finished all the pigeons.
I killed all the pigeons.
I did all the stunt jumps today.
And now I'm doing the random friends, I guess is what they call it.
But it's random people you meet on the street.
They have different missions.
But I can't give this one the trigger because I think I passed it up somewhere.
I don't know.
So that's kind of annoying because if I can't get the trigger, then I can't get 100%.
And that would really suck.
And then I played this game.
It's a demo for a game called Crash Time because I thought, hey, this is going to be cool.
It's like a European game that looks really cheesy and it was cheap.
And I tried it out and it's not very good.
It's basically like an arcade chase game.
You are the police and you have to do different things like they'll have it where you have
to do 30% damage to the person you're chasing and make them stop for 3 seconds or something
like that.
So I tried that and I just didn't care for it.
It's kind of dumb.
Nothing will replace my Earth Defense Force 2017.
And then, let's see.
You know, actually I think that was about it for my gaming week.
Pretty much just all Grand Theft Auto 4 this week.
I don't think I played anything else.
Nice.
Alright.
Well, my gaming week, I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff.
I played more World of Warcraft because, you know, I'm addicted to Warcraft.
Got it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
But I would like to announce that our guild finally full cleared Karazhan this week.
We did a full clear of Karazhan.
You have to be a WoW nerd to understand what that means.
So that's a full clear on Kara and one boss down in Zolomon.
Considering there aren't 25 of us to run the big raids, we have to do the little raids,
it's great.
And I'm very excited at the news that Wrath of the Lich King is going to have 10 man's
equivalent to every 25 man.
That makes me very happy.
Anyhow, enough WoW nerddom.
I did play some other games this week.
I downloaded a new game from the Steam service which, as you know, is kind of like PC's answer
to Xbox Live, I guess you could say.
It's made by Valve.
The company did the orange box and all that stuff.
They sell a lot of other games on there, some independent games.
I decided to check out Audiosurf.
It had been recommended to me before because it's a music game, basically.
You know, we here at Orange Toms Radio, we love music games.
It's a big part of our history.
So I thought, why not?
I'm going to check this out.
So Audiosurf's kind of interesting.
From looks alone, I thought it was going to be a game like Amplitude just because it was
that whole traveling down a course with all the sci-fi looking things around.
Kind of the very similar look to what you saw in frequency of Amplitude.
But the gameplay itself was much different.
The gameplay is more like, do you remember an old school puzzle game called Klax?
From the early 90's, that game Klax?
In Klax, there were these little things that would go down a conveyor belt, these little colored blocks.
What you had to do is you had to put the colored blocks three in a row.
Either across, down, or diagonally.
That's kind of what Audiosurf is, except it moves much faster and the colored blocks kind of go in time with music.
But the music is any MP3 you want.
It's any MP3 you want or any iTunes file you want as long as it's not a protected file.
You can't use iTunes purchase files, but you can use things that you've encoded in iTunes that aren't protected.
And it plays a wide variety of stuff.
And it's kind of neat because the game does come with its own soundtrack.
It comes with the Orange Box soundtrack because, hello, it's Valve.
So you can play Still Alive and Audiosurf to your heart's content.
But here's one thing I thought was kind of interesting about Audiosurf.
As you're playing the game, in the results screen that comes up, it will still show you leaderboards for the song you played.
In other words, it doesn't matter what song you played from your library.
The servers, I guess, keep track of all the file names or it must be some type of algorithm between file name and the way the music file was read by the game.
Probably the CD database, how they have those.
Possibly, but it's not really playing off a CD either.
But it'll take it off the MD5 hash or whatever.
Yeah, kind of something like that.
So I thought that was really cool because I played an Echo Image song, which Echo Image is kind of an obscure band unless you're really familiar with the DDR series.
Or Synthpop in general.
And to my surprise, there were a couple other people that had played the same song I did.
So I thought that was kind of neat the way they had the leaderboards in that game.
And then you can have your own friends list and all that good stuff.
And Steam has its own achievements-like thing that you can do in Audiosurf.
But here's the other thing about Audiosurf is that not only did it have the clax-style gameplay, which is kind of cool because it reads the file in advance.
And the track is kind of like a giant roller coaster.
And during the really intense part of the songs, you're going straight downhill and you're going really fast.
And you have to collect these blocks really fast.
And then during the more slow build-up parts of the songs, like the song Skulk by Echo Image.
During that little tiny instrumental part, it's building up.
I'm not going to try to sing it.
You're climbing uphill slowly and the blocks are coming in slowly.
And then when it really builds up to the really hard part of the song.
Understand me now.
That whole part, you're going downhill like 100 miles an hour and you have to collect blocks really fast.
Cool.
It's cool.
But the thing is that you can pick different types of ships as well that you can control.
And it kind of changes the core element of the game.
Like if the clax thing is too confusing for you, there's like a simple ship that you can pick where the blocks are either gray or they're colored.
And it is collect colored blocks, avoid gray blocks.
It makes it very easy.
And you can kind of step up the different types.
Or you can do like a ship that will shuffle the colors occasionally.
Or a ship where you can hold blocks.
It's kind of neat.
I really enjoyed the game.
The only thing is that I didn't think a lot of times the music making algorithm that made the tracks and the blocks wasn't often really in time with the music.
You're not going to have something as spot on as Beatmania 2DX or DDR or Rockband or any of those things that are pre-programmed for the songs in it.
But I cut it a little slack because considering you can play any song in the world, there's only so much you can do to get it accurate.
And for what it's worth, I did think the uphill downhill things, like it's very good at detecting lots of volume, little volume and kind of building the course that way.
So I give it props for that.
And I would recommend it to the game because it's only $10.
So there you have it.
And if you want to, you can hopefully hope that this game is going to come out on Xbox Live because there's rumors that the game might be coming out on Xbox Live.
And I think that's a really good place for it, is Xbox Live.
But here's the problem.
I think the reason why it works so well as a PC game is the fact that you can use any MP3 you want or any song you want directly from your drive.
Yes, on Xbox you can import your own music files, yeah.
But do the masses really know how to do that?
Probably not so much.
So I don't know how successful the game would be on Xbox Live, but I'd still be all for it.
I mean, it's not like there aren't other games that do use the extended soundtrack, every extended extra extreme.
Hello.
So there you have it.
Let's see, reading some commented chats.
Gold Banjo asks, Sky, can't people just edit the ID3 tags and cheat the leaderboards?
Gold Banjo, I don't think so because the leaderboards are independent for each song.
I didn't notice any type of comprehensive leaderboard.
So if you edit the ID3 tag, then you're on a new song.
I don't even think it's the ID3 tag.
I think it maybe just, they have, I think it's called an MD5 tag where it.
The way the algorithm's figured out is probably coded into some type of thing that is sent to the servers.
I have no idea.
No idea.
And really, are you cheating at a game that's like, I mean, come on.
Hitstun says, actually only looks at the artist and song title tags.
No hash checking is done and people cheat by playing 20 minute songs tagged to look like other songs.
Well, that's messed up.
So maybe Audio Surf needs to.
Yay, cheating.
Consider the length of the MP3 as well.
That would probably be a good idea.
So there you have it.
So Audio Surf, I liked.
And that was really the only new game I played this week.
Oh, I take that back.
I played that new Sudoku game that came out on Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm sorry.
It's Sudoku, folks.
I mean, really, if you haven't played Sudoku and you're a big Sudoku fan.
Here's the thing.
I've abstained by choice.
I give Xbox Live props for trying to put games out there that are going to appeal to other people than just hardcore gamers.
But I don't know if this is it.
That's okay.
It'll be delisted soon.
It'll be delisted in six months anyway.
And then I played the Warlords game as well, which was, I'm sorry.
I had a little more fun with that because I remember the old school Warlords game, but they really kind of changed it.
And you can notice for yourself.
Play the new, because you can do the demo.
Play the evolved version versus the old version.
The way it works is kind of different.
The new version is more like Breakout, which, yeah, the old version was too, but the ways the castles were shaped were even different.
And I don't know.
It just plays a lot differently and not as fast.
It's weird.
No thanks.
I think I'll skip it.
It was weird.
I mean, at least it's only five bucks, and I bet Xbox Live is kind of fun.
But I think Warlords is one of those games you best remember as something that was at Chuck E. Cheese when you were a kid.
And sadly, this one I'm noticing about a lot of the retro titles on Xbox Live.
Like, I hate to say it.
I hate to say it, but Discs of Tron.
That was kind of disappointing to play on Xbox Live because that was one of those games that was best left in my childhood.
What can you do?
All right.
Let's get into some housekeeping real quick, and then we'll get into tonight's news.
Really only a little bit of housekeeping tonight.
And that is that if you are unaware, our sixth anniversary show is coming up in three weeks, if you can believe it or not.
Orange Lounge Radio started on June 23rd of 2002.
And so in about three weeks, we're going to be looking at our sixth anniversary show.
We have no idea what to do for our sixth anniversary.
None.
So if you have ideas, email them to us.
Don't shout them out in chat because I'll forget by tomorrow.
But send us emails or I made a thread on our Facebook forums because people were saying I don't give Facebook enough love.
So there you go.
If you go to Facebook and you look up the OL Army Club on there, we have a little thread going there, and I am watching it.
We're curious.
What do you want to see us do for our sixth anniversary?
And we'll see because the show has always been about the chatters and the listeners and interacting.
So why not?
We'll be your monkeys this anniversary within reason.
I mean, if the suggestion is naked show, that's probably not going to happen.
Okay, Actif.
We're not having a fuck show until we don't say we are.
Exactly.
The fuck show is a surprise.
First rule about fuck show.
You don't talk about fuck show.
And we haven't really made up any other rules beyond that because we have to have rules for that.
Yes.
So somebody has to moderate and all that fun stuff.
So we'll plan it.
Don't worry.
No, that's the first thing.
The fuck show will not be the sixth anniversary show.
That's for sure.
Brad from Pod Culture says drunk fuck show.
I can't get drunk right now because of everything else going on.
All right.
Anyhow.
Okay, give you some LSD.
Oh, I could probably smoke pot.
I'd be okay.
You could.
Pots not fat.
No, drugs are bad.
Okay.
Drugs are bad.
Okay.
All right.
Forget it.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Please, Loki.
Save the show from drug talk.
All right.
This week there was an event being held in France for Ooby Days 2008 where they were
showing off a bunch of their titles and one that they showed off only in trailer form.
And it was kind of at the closing of the conference.
It's Beyond Good and Evil 2.
It's being reimagined now for the next gen consoles and I'd imagine probably the PC as
well.
And they had a little teaser trailer which you can see Uncle Page.
So I don't know.
It looks cool.
I never really played the first Beyond Good and Evil.
So I don't really know what to expect from this.
Beyond Good and Evil is one of those really like cult hits kind of thing.
So I know there's a lot of people very excited about this because I think a lot of people
didn't think it would ever happen.
So there you have it.
Looks good though.
All right.
Hopefully you'll probably find out more about this during E3.
That little pig guy thing kind of scared me.
Just so you know.
Did you see the pictures of that?
Yeah.
That was very scary.
That's Uncle Page.
Yeah.
That scared me.
Yeah.
Also coming to the PlayStation pretty soon because Beyond Good and Evil 2 is PS3, right?
All the next gen systems, right?
Yeah.
I think so.
Well, also coming to the PlayStation 3 sometime eventually will be home.
Sony Home.
Well, Ubisoft has announced that they are going to be doing something special for home.
They are going to be doing one of their events online.
Here's the thing.
In the PlayStation Home media and events space, they're going to be showing off all these
new Ubisoft titles.
Prince of Persia, Tom Clancy, HAWX, Hawks or whatever.
Yeah.
Soulcalibur IV.
But here's the thing.
You can only get there if you have a closed beta account.
Soulcalibur IV?
That's weird.
Yeah.
That's not an Ubisoft title.
That's Namco.
I don't know why that's on the list.
I guess maybe that's sharing the space.
Who knows?
Huh.
But whatever.
There are these other games at least as well that are going to be in the space.
Well, that's cool.
Yeah.
Because I know right now it's only open closed or I should say it's closed beta right now.
So those are the only people that are able to enjoy that.
And prior to this, they did a recreation of the Sony, I think they call it PlayStation
Day.
So, they were kind of showing what it would look like for future events, which I think
is pretty cool that they have this whole interactive thing going on.
It's definitely a different way to approach it.
Kind of interesting.
I mean, since the rest of us can't go to E3 anymore because we're not in the cool kids
club, you know, we could go to E3 in home, which I think is kind of interesting.
You know, the more I think of it, the more I don't really care that we're in the good
graces of publishers.
Because we get to say whatever we want in the show.
Exactly.
I don't mind either.
So, screw it.
Yeah.
The hell with them.
We can say something sucks as much as we want to.
Exactly.
And you know, if we want to review Metal Gear Solid 4 early, we can.
So, Metal Gear Solid 4 Snake is old.
And we'll talk about the hard drive space all we want.
Yeah.
That's probably why we don't have advanced screeners.
Yeah, that's probably why we don't get advanced screeners.
Guess what's coming out, though, on the Japanese PlayStation Store.
What?
This is on the 26th of June.
And when I read this, my response was, LOL what?
They're doing a gardening game.
It's called Shiki Tei and basically you go outside and plant trees and plant flowers
and watch them grow.
And it's supposed to be 1600 yen and it's supposed to be relaxing for the older gamer.
There's no word if we're ever getting it.
But I was just like, what?
And it made me think about the Saturn game that came out that was all audio.
And it came with seeds.
And it was supposed to help your plant grow.
Okay.
So, correct me if I'm wrong.
Always.
But you are saying now that I can use my PlayStation 3 to watch the grass grow.
Yes.
You don't even get the benefit of insects or animals to scamper through your garden
and eat the leaves off of your petunias.
Nice.
You can plant cherry trees.
Why don't you just go plant real trees?
Because real trees take forever to grow, Loki.
You know how long a real tree takes to grow?
Fuck long time.
That's how long it takes.
But in the world of video games, such as Animal Crossing,
I can go to Jamie's neighborhood and chop down all her trees.
You can also pull all my weeds up too.
And they'll be back in three days.
That's the beauty of video games.
I don't know.
How about spend the 1600 yen on something better?
Like tacos.
I don't know.
I'm sure you can find tacos in Japan.
But if I had 1600 yen, I would just go be buying like maybe some Anpan or something.
Anpan is delicious.
I'm having a dream game brainstorm.
What kind of video game could they make about tacos?
They don't need any.
Taco time.
We don't need any dream games.
It's like a burger time.
You get taco time.
Listen, that's a great idea.
No.
They should remake burger time.
Taco time.
No, we have too many dream games.
We need to space this out.
We can't be doing one every episode.
That's retarded.
And taco time, come on.
That's a cheap ripoff.
That's lame.
That's not original.
That's stupid.
But you also have to be graded on the artistry of your tacos.
Besides, it's a taco.
No one likes tacos.
Tacos are lame.
I like tacos.
I love chicken soft tacos.
Tacos are not lame.
You know what's lame?
You're lame.
Tacos are not lame.
You know what's lame?
Your butt.
You know what's lame?
A gardening game on any system.
No.
It's like viva piñata minus the piñatas.
Or the viva.
Or the viva, yes.
Piñata fuerte.
I had to cover that for the what the hell are they thinking.
And it's only in Japan, right?
Okay, it's a neat idea that they're putting out a game that's different.
For old people.
For old people that will buy practically anything, I guess.
But 1600 yen, it seems.
Or is it 1600 yen?
Yeah.
That seems kind of expensive.
It's like seven bucks.
That's still expensive.
I mean, why am I saying seven bucks?
It's like maybe 1650.
Yeah, it's like 15 bucks about, right?
Okay, that's lame.
That game's worth a buck.
Let's have T agrees.
Taco Time would be an amazing name for a game.
I mean, honestly.
There's, okay, we won't officially add anything to the Dream Games list yet, but be thinking about Taco Time.
There's a game in there somewhere.
More tacos, less drives.
You can do a remake of Burger Time and add other food to it.
That you create other things.
Not only burgers, but like other meals and stuff.
Nah, bored now. Bored now.
Well, that's because it was a bad idea anyway.
So there's your Taco Time. Bad idea.
I have a Dream Game.
What?
Action Bastard, the game.
No. No Dream Games tonight.
Unfortunately, one game that's not being included in the new firmware for the PS3 is Taco Time.
But some other things are going to be added in there.
And these are all, of course, rumors, but there's a lot of, I don't know, evidence to point towards it.
So the rumor is that they're adding both the in-game cross-media bar, which is something that should have been there, I don't know, from the start.
And trophies, which, you know, is Sony's way of saying,
Hey, we like achievements, but how can we get around a lawsuit?
So those will be coming very soon.
In fact, they have been spotted already in a video showing the new Bioshock for PlayStation 3.
Apparently, a member of Mac's console forums has posted some images and video during, you know, Bioshock that they've found.
So, interesting.
But either way, you know these are coming because, you know, they've announced this previously.
It's just a matter of time.
But then again, it could get delayed forever like Home has and everything else Sony-related, so.
All right.
I don't know, do you think this is a good idea? Is this something PlayStation needs?
Yeah, sure. I mean, because I know achievements have gotten me to play games I probably wouldn't normally play.
So, I mean, it's only a good thing for them.
I think, I mean, sure we'll get over it, but right now, since we haven't gotten over it yet, I still think it's a cheap ripoff.
But, you know, more power to them, I guess.
By the way, I got a private message from Cheeseburger in Chat who's suggesting that Taco Time could be like Taco Mama instead of Cookie Mama, Taco Mama.
No, it would be Cookie Mama junk food edition.
Besides, they do have a restaurant called Taco Time, so.
Let's have Tia saying, Is everyone else seriously missing the sexual euphemism?
I'm not at all.
Now maybe there's the game.
But that would be fish Taco Time.
That could be the bonus stage.
All right, forget it. Enough about tacos.
No.
That's actually an in-joke amongst me and some other people.
Forget it.
Okay.
Now they're talking about muffins. What's up with that?
Muffins are also sexual.
Muffins!
Banana muffins.
Blood muffins.
Blood muffins.
Forget it.
Have you seen the YouTube thing about it? Forget it.
Anyhow, the PlayStation 3 game End War is going to be getting some very interesting types of controls.
Gesture activated commands are coming soon to the End War game, which is a Tom Clancy game.
Here's the thing. You actually use the PlayStation Eye to do it.
And you can wave your hands, like if you wave your hand underneath the camera, then you get the game's overhead map.
And I don't know, it's kind of different here.
So it's just something that I guess incorporates the eye into the game so you can use gestures to move around.
Because waving your hands around is the next gen of gaming, in case you haven't heard.
Yeah, that's why Para Para Paradise really took off, huh?
Strangely enough, nothing about a 360 equivalent because there is that whole vision camera.
But no word yet about that.
The camera sucks and the PlayStation Eye is supposed to be a little bit more detailed.
How much different are they really, besides maybe resolution?
I don't know. I know my vision camera hasn't been used ever since I got it.
I took my picture with it and I was about as far as I went.
Oh, and I tried playing Totem Ball and then that sucked too.
But the PlayStation Eye, I guess it's a good use of it.
Although I'd rather see those other games that they had that they were showing off little tech demos for.
But hey, I mean, if you want some crappy use for a $30 camera, then sure.
Let's just make it so I can wave my hand under the camera instead of, I don't know, pushing a button.
Because what's easier? I mean, seriously, if we're going to be lazy here, pushing a button or waving your hand?
I think pushing the button.
Well now, just so you know, this is still in development and may not actually make the final cut of the game.
It's just something that's being played with right now, so we will see.
I always think it'd be like gesture control, like flipping off the enemy or something.
Well now, if they had it where you're actually, because the article referred the control to being similar to Total Recall.
Or not Total Recall, Minority Report. Why the hell? Wrong movie there.
Anyways, so if it was more like that where you're actually using your hands to move a map around and stuff like that,
that'd be kind of cool, but just to wave your hand to bring up a map is kind of stupid.
Solely907 is commenting on the previous story about the firmware.
Once firmware 2.4 comes out, the PlayStation Network becomes on par with Xbox Live.
Xbox Live is still slightly better, but not enough to justify $50 anymore. Agree or disagree?
I wouldn't agree, because I still think as far as content that's on there, there's a lot less content on the PlayStation Network.
I mean, download content's a little on par, especially with some of the games that are coming out in both systems.
But as far as original games and new PlayStation Network games, there really hasn't been that many that have come out.
It's not every week like Xbox Live Arcade.
True, although I do think maybe it's time for Xbox Live to get a little price cut, but who knows.
But they do tend to update a lot more.
I think they should too, especially since they're advertising on there, so I don't pay a monthly subscription to watch ads.
When has that ever stopped other games from doing the same thing?
Yeah. Now they're talking about motion-based games in chat. They're talking about Power Power Paradise and all this stuff.
CrunkyBoyJunior says they should have a spinoff of the Wii Fit hula hoop game where you put cymbals in your ass.
I'm not really sure how that works, but okay.
Speaking of Wii Fit and the hula hoop game, I doubt you've seen this dark soccer, but Loki, did you see the YouTube this week?
It was posted on Dig. It was some guy taping his girlfriend playing the Wii Fit hula hoop game.
But here's the thing. She was a nice looking gal, and she had a nice little booty on her, right?
She was wearing nothing but panties. Well, she was wearing panties and a t-shirt.
And the thing is that while she's playing the hula hoop game, the boyfriend zooms in on her butt.
And put it on the internet for everybody to see, and now it's everywhere.
And at the very end of the video, the guy puts the camera on himself, and he gives one of those, like, yeah type of looks.
If you haven't seen it, it's hilarious. It'd be so dumped.
I'm gonna find it. Yeah, that's happening for real. I can't believe you guys haven't seen it.
I'm gonna find it. No. I will play it in the studio after the next one.
I don't really look at Dig anymore because, well, especially their gaming topics, I've already seen most of that stuff by the time.
There's a lot of crap on there, but there's some decent stories that sometimes slip under the radar, like this one.
So I'll find it on YouTube for you guys while we cover the next story.
How is that decent? That sounds indecent.
Well, I have something more decent. It has to do with the PAL PSN update of Stuff-ness.
They got something good. Like, one good thing.
They got Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix for matchingservice.com with more suffixes to the end of it.
It's so cute. I love that game.
Ooh, that's awesome. Only a few months late.
Hey, it's £6.99 over there, so everyone download it.
They also have Rayman on the PS3 and PC store for PSP for £3.49.
Also, Medieval Resurrection for PSP out for £14.99.
And Go Sudoku Packs at £1.99. Or you can download the whole thing for £4.99.
And the Army of Two Veteran Map Pack.
There's also Prince of Persia wallpaper. Like, you care, but hey.
So that's all.
So I guess there are quite a few things coming to PlayStation Network. After all, who knew?
Yeah, well, late at least. I don't know.
Better eventually than not at all.
Okay, as I promised, I'm going to show the video here, and I apologize.
I can't make it full screen because YouTube's running really slow because we're trying to broadcast a show.
I posted the link in chat, and if you guys at home want to see this video, search for a user on YouTube.
His name is Tinsley Advertising. T-I-N-S-L-E-Y Advertising. All one word there.
Why every guy should buy their girlfriend Wii Fit.
So here's the girl. She's starting to play Wii Fit.
And look at that.
I mean, and she's kind of like, you can tell she's kind of one of those cute nerdy girls, too. She's wearing glasses.
Got a little ponytail, right?
And then she has this little booty on her.
And she's playing Wii Fit. What do you think, Loki?
Yeah. Loki gave thumbs up. Sorry we don't have Justice TV tonight, so you can see how Loki gave the thumbs up there.
Dark Sakura, offensive or funny?
I'm apathetic towards it.
It was her idea. I'm sure it was.
Oh, I didn't know you were filming me.
I'm going to the end of the video just because you have to see this guy when he looks at the camera.
He's like, yeah.
Well, yeah, you put the link in the chat room, so.
There you have it. Just look.
See, now we're going to get a whole bunch of the chat room going.
You know, I'm not even going to look at the chat room.
Okay, Act Deaf is questioning my sexuality because, you know, I'm the gay one on the show, but I like girls.
But I have an appreciation for the female form. I can see the, you know, I can see why people like this video.
She's taking it as a compliment.
Anyways, so when, you know, while Europe may be enjoying Puzzle Fighter on PlayStation Network, one game they will not be enjoying is Africa, or Africa.
Apparently, Sony has taken it upon themselves to say, fuck you Europe, and they're not releasing the game out there.
Although, I don't know if that's really a bad thing because the game doesn't look that good.
Especially if I can't run over the wildlife.
Are they releasing it in Africa?
I would assume so, since that's, you know, not Europe. So, well, maybe.
That would be really bad if Africa was excluded from their own game.
I want to be able to run over the animals. That is the only way I will buy this game.
They just need to do a new Jambo Safari.
But, hey, if you ever wanted to go to a virtual safari, then Africa is the game for you.
It's supposed to be coming out in August.
Do we know what Africa is yet? Anything about it.
Isn't that a Taking Pictures game?
I think so.
Pokemon Snap, but not with Pokemon?
I don't know.
I don't know. Let's look at the other games that have come out that have been very similar.
Endless Ocean. No one bought that.
Wild Earth African Safari. No one bought that.
Pokemon Snap. Long time ago, people bought it because it's Pokemon.
And it's fun!
Gotta catch them all.
But that Cardcaptor Sakura game, that sucked ass. And I should know because I have it.
But it came with a spoon.
I remember. I think you talked about that a long time ago.
It came with a spoon and a fork, a pillowcase and a clock. And a plate.
There was also a Sakura Taisen game that came out that had a bunch of weird, bizarre shit in it.
The good thing is though, if you are in Europe and you really, really, really want to play Africa.
Region free, right?
Exactly. So just import the US one.
Africa.
If you have an HDTV.
There you have it.
Alright. Let's see.
Moving on. Talking about Bioshock.
Bioshock's making its way to the PlayStation 3 if you weren't listening to last week's show.
Apparently it's actually coming out a little sooner than maybe some folks expected.
It's coming out in October is when the PlayStation 3 version of Bioshock is coming out.
And apparently it's going to have all the upgrades that the Xbox 360 version got and patches and things like that.
Also, there are new features and content that will make this a must-have game for its new audience.
As well as for those who enjoyed it on other platforms.
I don't know if that means additional levels or weapons or other types of things.
God, I hope it's not multiplayer finally or something, you know?
Can you imagine if PlayStation 3 had the Deathmatch exclusive?
No. They won't do that.
Yeah, I don't think the game's mechanics were built for that.
If anything, if they were talking about new content in there, I bet you it's the download content that was already available on the Xbox and PC.
And maybe like a bonus level or something, right?
I don't even think they're going to do that. Maybe another difficulty or something like that.
What would make me want to re-buy it if I already had it on the other systems unless there was some really good extras?
Because it's not like we're talking about a cheap game here.
Maybe the game will be cheap. Maybe that'll be the kicker. I don't know.
What they could do, they could do some of the other cheap stuff that some other first-person shooters have done.
Like a survival mode where they just keep sending enemies at you and see how long you can survive.
I don't know. More plasmids, I guess, they could add to it.
WhatupG in chat is asking, when is Bioshock 2 due out? Do we know anything about Bioshock 2?
No. I think 09, holiday.
Huh. Alright. Well, we'll see what happens.
I'm still shaking my head over this next story.
Why?
Because people are so gullible.
I don't know if anyone has seen the Fallout 3 screenshots that were out that shows basically Washington
turned into a big, you know, soot-covered smoking crater.
But an intelligence contractor called SITE, S-I-T-E, Intel Group, thought that they were al-Qaeda images, you know, propaganda.
And a few, I guess, anti-US sites posted them up, you know, and had chat logs and everything about it,
saying that this was their big dream to see or whatever.
But it was, there were screens for Fallout 3.
So there hasn't been, they haven't heard any word back officially.
But one thing that I did think was funny in this article on Kotaku is that SITE is based in Bethesda.
Well, I mean, it's actually terrorists are using those images from Fallout 3 or supposed terrorists.
Well, I think they're just affiliated sites. I don't think they're actually, I think they're just like terrorist fanboys or something.
Terrorist fanboys?
Oh, you know, any political faction is gonna have their little followers, so.
And just to kind of go back a few, well, it's not even really a story, but that YouTube that you were talking about there,
apparently there was some comments on the dig for it, and Tinsley Advertising actually replied back,
says, sorry guys, I got on Dig Front Page and, well, my girlfriend found out and she's a tiny bit upset.
I thought it was cute and it actually, or it was done with good intentions if she ever doubted how hot she is.
Over one million views on that YouTube, though.
I mean, she's an internet star, at least her butt is.
I mean, she's never seen her face. Can you imagine walking by her on the street?
Where do I know you from? Where do I know you from?
And then as she's leaving, I remember.
Forget it. All right.
That's kind of, you know, if Dan did that, I'd have to smack him.
May Satsuma in chat says, I would buy Bioshock again if it came with the living Big Daddy, then just the statue. It's pretty awesome.
About the Fallout things, though, I saw that picture of the whole like Washington, D.C. looking destroyed thing.
And it is pretty scary how realistic some of these games are getting.
But then again, I mean, remember Independence Day?
Yeah. Remember when the trailers for that movie came out?
This is a long ass time ago, right? Who doesn't remember the movie Independence Day?
I guess if you were really young, you might not, because that movie came out when I was in junior high.
No way. I saw that when I was in college.
Really?
Yes.
Is it that? I thought it was like early 90s.
No, no, no, no. I was in college because I remember going to see that with my friends who lived on campus.
OK, so maybe I was like a junior or senior in high school.
Because they paid for me. Because that was the only way I'd see it.
I remember that movie where they installed Mac OS on the alien mothership and destroyed all the aliens.
Yeah, yeah.
It was like 90.
Apple blew up the aliens.
Yeah, it was right before I moved out here.
Here's the thing. I don't want to argue about the year.
What I want to talk about is, remember in the trailer for the movie, one of the things they would show is that big alien ship blowing up the White House?
The first time I saw that trailer, everybody in the audience cheered.
Which I thought was funny.
OK, the chatroom agrees it was 1995.
So, I mean, it's not like we haven't seen these horrific images, quote unquote, before.
But, you know, at least when you're watching a movie trailer, you know you're watching a movie trailer.
But when you see these random images on the internet of Washington D.C. looking all destroyed, it's kind of scary if you don't know what it is.
You know what I mean?
I guess.
Well, this game may not be as cool as Fallout 3, but definitely one that I'm looking forward to.
Splatterhouse, the brand new remake.
They've got some interesting features that they've been talking about.
One of which is the fact that your limbs can basically be taken off.
But after a short bit, they will actually regrow back.
So that's kind of cool.
And very detailed.
I guess instead of like a health system, your skin will start coming off, then your flesh and then your bones will break.
And all that stuff will kind of just grow right back.
Sounds lovely.
Yes. And then apparently the Killzone scriptwriter, Gordon Rennie, and I guess he did Judge Dredd and the Necronauts comics.
He's signed on to do the story for this game as well.
So that's pretty cool.
And the graphics on it so far look pretty good and very bloody.
Much like the original.
Yay, violence!
I like violence.
Violence is fantastic.
And sell stuff.
I hope the new Splatterhouse is kind of awesome because the old one kind of got boring fast.
I mean it was cool in theory, but it kind of got boring fast.
So, we'll see.
Geekboy2424 is being a little bit creepy in chat.
He's said this several times now.
He says he has an idea for the anniversary show.
The Dark Sakura should get in panties and do the hula hoop game.
No.
Here, I'll tell you what. We'll make a compromise.
I will get in panties and play the hula hoop game. How's that sound?
No.
Just kidding. I'm not actually going to do that.
Little creepy. Little creepy.
Alright.
Moving on.
Talking about Metal Gear Solid 4.
We kind of referenced this earlier because Konami is telling some people to put a lid on it.
Minor, minor spoilers here from Metal Gear Solid 4.
So, if you don't want to know, skip ahead in the podcast by about a minute, but these are just minor spoilers.
Don't worry.
Here's the thing.
Rosemary from Metal Gear Solid 2 is supposed to make an appearance, as well as Mei Ling from Metal Gear Solid the original.
They are going to be some characters in Metal Gear Solid 4.
So, if you are looking forward to being reunited with some of your favorite females from Metal Gear history, there you go.
And maybe you can convince Mei Ling to get in her panties and play Wii Fit. I don't know.
No.
You'll have to write a letter to Konami.
You used to be able to piss her off in the first game anyway.
Anyway, speaking of Metal Gear Solid 4, the soundtrack actually has been released in Japan.
Metal Gear Solid 4 Snake Gets Old. I'm sorry, Guns of the Patriots.
It's by Nobuko Toda and Harry Gregson Williams, who did the stuff before.
You can actually get it from Playasia for $28, but there are spoilers on the track listing.
So, if you don't want spoilers, then don't get it.
However, if you do get the limited edition of the game, you will get a copy of the soundtrack too.
So, who?
By the way, for Bomani fans, fans of Konami's music game series, I did notice one familiar name showed up on the soundtrack.
Sota Fujimori, apparently contributed to a couple tracks too.
And he did some of the remixes in BeatMania 2DX.
So, a little Konami connection there. There you have it.
Konami connection.
I know.
Just one big happy family.
They kind of do that though with a lot of their soundtracks, especially Contra and stuff has a lot of the Konami artists on there.
You always see Akira and Sota.
Anyways, one thing you will find this week is it's starting to get a little bit more packed with game releases again.
So, that's kind of good.
This week, we've got a bunch of stuff coming out.
First off, we've got Robert Lindgren's The Bourne Conspiracy.
It's coming out on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Also, this week, we've got the Incredible Hulk game, which is coming out on practically everything.
HULK SMASH!
It's the only reason I'd buy this game.
It's supposed to not suck that bad, but we'll have to see.
And then there's, of course, Ninja Gaiden 2 on the Xbox 360, which looks pretty awesome.
And also coming out on practically everything, Lego Indiana Jones.
So that looks pretty cool.
And Kung Fu Panda, yet another movie tie-in.
The trailer for that looks kind of funny, actually.
I don't know. I do and I don't want a game called Kung Fu Panda.
Because on one hand, it sounds really awesome, and on one hand, it sounds like a lot could go wrong.
Yeah.
It's based on a movie, right?
Yes.
That's what I thought.
Then on the Wii, there's Cabela's Trophy Bucks, which looks like crap.
On the PSP, Hot Shots Golf Open T2.
On the DS, Summon Knight Twin Age, which looks like a pretty cool Atlus RPG.
Let's see here. We've also got the, supposedly, the God of War PSP bundle is going to be coming out this week as well.
And Grid on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Aw, too bad it's not THE Grid.
Remember that game at Golf Land?
Uh...
Forget it.
Okay, well this game looks aw- this game's probably a lot better than THE Grid, so...
But I am surprised we haven't seen that come to, like, home consoles.
Me too. Maybe they should make that for Xbox Live or something.
And, uh, let's see here. And then finally, um, next Sunday, the Metallic Rose DS Lite will be coming out.
More colors, yay!
It's metallic pink-ish, you know.
It's light-ish red!
Yay!
Replacing the, um, normal pink, so...
So now everyone's gonna go scramble over themselves to get that?
Apparently, yes.
Can't wait.
Special.
Alright, let's talk about what's coming out in Japan overseas.
Coming out on June 5th for the Xbox 360, FIFA Street 3, as well as Ninja Gaiden 2, finally makes its way out in Japan on the Xbox 360.
Going over to the PlayStation 3, Dragon Ball Z Burst Limit makes its way, as well as another port of FIFA Street 3.
And if we head on over to the Nintendo Wii, Fushugi no Dungeon, Furai no Shiren 3, Karakuri Yashiki no Nimuri Hime.
I have no idea what that game is, but it's being made by Sega.
And, let's see, it is an RPG, that's about all I know, I'm trying to see if we have any screenshots of this game.
And sadly we do not, we just have box art.
Where the guy, dude, the guy looks like he has a little ferret as a companion.
Ferrets are great!
This might be a winner already, look at the box art, you can see it.
I can't see!
It's Shiren the Wanderer.
It's a series that's ran since Saturn, I wanna say.
And they just had one that came out on the DS in the US.
Well, it's Shiren the Wanderer 3 then.
But dude, he's got like a little ferret companion on his shoulder.
It's a dungeon crawler.
So did Beastmaster, he had two ferrets.
And of course we endorse any game with ferrets in it, so.
That we do.
Absolutely.
Rob Ferret!
I, um, I'm trying.
It's right in front of you.
I don't know where the ferret is.
Hide it.
Give.
Woohoo!
Alright, um, let's see, moving on to other Japanese releases, that was it for the Nintendo Wii.
On the Playstation 2, Ukuki is coming out.
What?
Ukuki.
Okay.
That's what I say all the time.
Ukuki.
I don't think it's that.
This is an adventure game from, who's making this, Global A Entertainment.
And no screenshots or nothing, I couldn't tell you exactly what this game is.
But the box art is very artistic.
Looks kinda hand drawn almost.
Uh, Ukuki.
Uh, Yamasad, Digi World, Collaboration SP, Pochi Slot Ridge Racer.
Ugh.
You can just imagine what that is.
I'll just leave it at that.
No.
I'm sure it is that.
No.
Pachinko for Ridge Racer.
I know.
It's a Pachinko slot machine.
On the Nintendo DS, Deep Aquarium.
What is Deep Aquarium?
It's exactly what it sounds like.
It's an aquarium.
I'll be damned.
It really is.
It is.
No, it looks like the bottom of these.
It looks like Titanic imagery there from the cover.
Deep Titanic Aquarium.
It's definitely.
Yes, you too can take care of your frozen corpses.
At first I thought it was in San Aquarium, but I was sadly mistaken.
And nothing this week on the Sony PSP.
Sorry PSP fans in Japan.
That's it for release dates overseas in Japan.
Well, back to a different side of overseas.
We have our UK release dates and there's not a whole bunch of stuff.
But hey, it's stuff still.
One that Rob would probably be interested in.
I just have to say really quick.
Hitstun has played that series of games and it is a ferret.
In the game.
Do want.
Okay.
Thank you chatters.
On DS comes Etrian Odyssey.
Everybody's Golf 2 for PSP.
Lego Indiana Jones for a whole crap ton of everything else.
Mass Effect on PC.
Ninja Gaiden 2, Xbox 360, and for Rob, Civilization Revolution.
Hooray!
Except I heard it got pushed back here in America.
So I'm wondering at like the very last minute.
So I'm wondering if the same thing didn't happen.
It only got pushed back a week.
Or over in Europe.
It's the second week in July.
No, that's more than a week.
It was supposed to be out the first week in June.
Supposed to be the first week in...
Oh yeah, average.
It'll be out the first week of June in...
I knew about that a long time ago.
It just got delayed like a couple days ago.
No it didn't.
It's been that date for a long time.
Well that's when I heard about it.
Well people just didn't know about it.
Well...
But there's also a bunch of good stuff though coming out this month.
If Europe gets that too, I'm gonna cry.
Because I love Civilization.
I'm actually probably gonna get this game.
Because it seems like it really simplified what was becoming a very...
Oh god, I sound so like dumb and baby.
Question though.
Are you gonna get it for the 360 or DS?
360.
Achievements.
Why?
Achievements.
Yeah.
That's what I said.
Why not?
I'm assuming there's something for Xbox Live.
Remember CivNet?
That game was the sh...
I love CivNet.
If I could find a copy of CivNet that still worked, I'd actually probably play it.
It's awesome.
Cool.
There you go.
Akuma, JP, and Chat by the way just linked the official website for that game.
Because he actually lives in Japan so he knows a little bit about some of the releases going
on over there.
Is he gonna get the gardening game?
No, nothing...
Oh, is he gonna get the gardening game?
I somehow doubt it.
You know, if you really want the gardening game, you can just do a Japanese account and
buy them.
No.
No.
Alright.
Back to news.
Anyways, if gardening's not your thing, then perhaps Red vs. Blue is your thing.
Red vs. Blue just released their brand new series, Reconstruction.
Now, it's a little bit more serious and less funny than the original.
Actually, it's not even really that funny at all, but definitely more serious now.
People aren't sure if maybe this first episode is serious as kind of like a joke that's gonna
run through the whole thing, or if this whole thing's very serious.
I don't know.
But either way, you can definitely check it out on RoosterTeeth.com.
And I'm pretty sure that stuff's also on Xbox Live, their video marketplace.
But RoosterTeeth.com for Red vs. Blue, Reconstruction.
Which, of course, is set in Halo 3.
Very nice.
Well, one of these days, there ought to be a Halo movie.
I know that's been all going back and forth, and video game movies seem to be all the rage
right now.
And now throwing their hat into the ring, Brett Ratner.
He's a pretty famous Hollywood director.
He did the Rush Hour trilogy.
He did the third part in the X-Men series, so take that however you want.
So do we stab him with our plastic knives yet?
Depending on if you liked or disliked that film.
He was also on that short-lived reality show about Hollywood that was on Fox last year.
On the Lot.
That's what it was called.
He was one of the judges on On the Lot.
That's the first time I've ever heard of that.
It's fucking sad that I know that.
That show was poorly rated, too.
I remember watching the first episode and saying, this is lame.
I watched the first episode, too, and went, this is lame.
Anyhow, here's the thing is that apparently he is saying that he's going to be getting
into gaming.
He says he'll, quote, be doing movies that come from video games.
He also is mentioning that he has ties to the Activision catalogs.
So possibly Call of Duty.
That'd be lame.
Soldier of Fortune.
Who knows?
I can't see it.
Guitar Hero, the movie.
I can see them doing something original, but Call of Duty.
I mean, there's no characters in it.
It's just a war game.
I don't know.
It would be hard for them to do that.
It'd be just like doing a war movie.
Assassin's Creed, perhaps?
Perhaps.
It might be a little while before this movie comes out, but something to consider.
Some other news that was around the internet this week.
Tigerclaw in our chat is sharing, Brett Ratner is also going to direct Beverly Hills Cop
4 with Eddie Murphy.
It was apparently announced this week.
I also heard a rumor that he may be doing the God of War movie.
I also heard a rumor that he sucks.
Rumor?
Well, that may be a fact.
Geekboy2424 says, like the Zelda movie, please make it happen.
Please, please, please.
In true fanboy fashion.
Wasn't that IGN thing good enough?
I think that that was all that there needs to be.
Yes, the IGN thing is all you're ever going to get, probably.
When has Nintendo ever...
Oh, wait.
I take that back before it comes...
Because I remember I was going to say, when has Nintendo ever let any of their properties
become movies?
And that's because for quite a while, I had the Super Mario Brothers movie erased from
my memory.
I was just thinking that, actually.
And I just brought it back for all the rest of you.
Remember Dennis Hopper's Bowser?
No, I didn't actually see that movie.
Good times.
John Leguizamo, Luigi.
I actually have not seen that movie.
Oh, we need to have a movie night.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Speaking of movies, before we get into the next story, Loki, you didn't talk about it
during your gaming week, but you have to take a sneak peek at a recent movie, right?
Yes.
I was screen number 14 for Postal.
Actually, I've been watching that.
We got legitimate screener copies at our place of employment and got to check it out.
It's actually watchable, I guess.
They're trying to be controversial.
I don't know if I'm just desensitized to a lot of this stuff or if it just really falls
flat, but there's some funny parts.
There's a part that I laughed at where he's at a job interview and they're asking him
all these really stupid questions and then the very final question they ask him is this
woman and she's like, what is the difference between a duck?
It makes no sense.
He just blows up at her and his day kind of gets worse from there.
I don't know.
There's funny parts, I guess, in it.
There's a part where Uwe Abel gets his nuts blown off and he falls down dead saying I
hate video games.
Nice.
Any time that he was on screen, he wasn't even funny.
He was trying to be funny where, oh, I finance my movies with Nazi gold.
I like children.
It just wasn't very funny.
Other parts, there's a part where they use a cat as a silencer and that was kind of funny
because it's just ridiculous.
There's a lot of ridiculous stuff in it.
Well, Postal's a pretty ridiculous game, too.
There's a gunfight where it seems like the only people getting killed brutally is children.
That's kind of sick.
And then there's a part in the beginning where they're arguing about how many virgins they're
going to get when they blow up a plane and stuff because 9-11, how funny.
I don't know.
The thing is, like some other movies I've seen that have tried to be controversial,
it doesn't really work.
I mean, it sort of is, I guess, but it's not like, oh my god, this is horrible, blah blah
blah.
It's just kind of, it's such a ridiculous setting, you just kind of get desensitized
to the whole thing.
But I will say, having seen other Uwe Abel movies, it's watchable.
It's a bad movie, but you can watch it and be entertained by it, I guess.
Is it one of those movies that I'm going to be seeing at Midnight Mass several years from
now, or the trash film orgy here in SAC?
I don't know if I'd give it that much credit.
I would say that it's like Cheerleader Ninjas, but not quite as funny.
So probably not Midnight Mass.
Let me put it this way.
Midnight Mass is a thing they do in San Francisco.
It's a midnight thing they do every summer, and it's hosted by a drag queen named Peaches
Christ.
Let me put it this way, it's worth like a dollar rental or something like that.
I mean, I would maybe check it out just to say you've seen it.
Don't expect it to be very controversial or anything like that.
I mean, there's parts that they just get ridiculous with, like Full Frontal Dave Foley and stuff
like that.
But it's just, I don't know, it kind of works, but at the same time it's just really ridiculous
and very low budget, I guess.
DJ Jenai in chat says Postal equals the Razzie movie of the year.
Do you think the Razzies will even remember this movie?
I don't even think it deserves a Razzie.
I mean, as it is, it's 13 screens right now.
13 screens that it's on.
13!
Hey, that's a lot better than the 4 that was originally thought that it was supposed to
be on.
I don't know.
I kind of want to see it just so I can understand for myself how...
It's not coming out for a while, I mean, on DVD.
Not that far away, but not for a few months.
I think I'd like to view.
All right, let's keep moving with the news.
Some of our listeners want to break so they can go to the bathroom.
Yeah, some people do want that, don't they?
Yes.
At any rate, another series that has a pretty good following is the Brothers in Arms series.
There is actually a book that was put out, a novelization that covers two of the days
that weren't covered in the ten days of the operation that the game covers.
Basically, the game is selfless for when the Allies were trying to seize a bridge in the
Netherlands in 1944.
But now, there's also talks about there being a movie based off of the Hell's Highway thing,
so that might be pretty cool.
See, that could work, because Brothers in Arms actually has characters and a story that
it follows instead of just war, war, war, war, shoot, shoot, kill, kill.
Nazi dead.
Exactly.
They have material to work with.
They've got a good source.
It's one of the biggest things that bugs me about...
Yeah, but Saving Private Ryan, it's not.
One of the things that bugs me about movies made from video games is where they take material
here and they try to translate it into something that would be believable.
However, if they're going to get the fans of the game to see it, then they need to stay.
Like, Silent Hill stayed true to its roots, I thought.
And I thought, you know, how many fans of the series liked the movie?
I mean, just about everyone I talked to.
But Silent Hill did take a lot of shit as well.
I don't remember the girl whining in the Silent Hill game.
Silent Hill! Silent Hill!
I would have thrown her off the cliff myself.
I think she just said it twice.
But, no, that was a lot.
Well, it was when she had her dream.
I'd like to point out Silent Hill did have Pyramid Head ripping somebody's skin off,
so it did deliver her.
That was the greatest...
That was the fan service.
Exactly.
Like, he made the shouty bitch shut up.
And the very end of it, too, when they killed the boar queen.
They need Silent Hill 2. Pyramid Head rapes everyone.
No.
Ooh, now I need dream movies.
Oh, my God. No.
Yes, Pyramid Head gets set loose on the streets of San Diego.
But I'm saying that there's been other adaptations of, you know...
And really, I don't think it necessarily has to do with just video game adaptations,
but, like, you know, we've had comic adaptations
and we've had different types of ones where they just completely shred the, you know, original material
and try to say, oh, but we should have been this.
And I was like, no, no, no, no.
I've got it, Rob.
Silent Hill 6, The Roommate.
You can actually have where...
It could be like a comedy, like a sitcom, you know,
where some guy ends up getting this roommate because he needs an apartment
and can't find any other places to rent.
And that roommate happens to be Pyramid Head.
And, oh, hilarity ensues.
That sounds like it would be a cheesy YouTube series.
Pyramid Head. Oh, man, you're leaving skins of corpses around.
What the hell?
God, what was it? Someone linked me to a YouTube series
that had, like, a bunch of different horror movie slashers playing poker together.
Nice.
And Jason had to go home because his mother wanted him to go home.
You know, they have to dress him up for, you know, the guy's parents coming over
or something like that so they don't get all creeped out.
It's like wearing a bonnet or something.
Take WD-40 to that rusty head.
Yeah, I don't know.
Anyway, but no.
Paint a face on him like Jack.
Okay, you realize I'm going to go home and draw this now, right?
Oh, dear.
But anyway, but no, but do you get my point?
Yes.
Is that if they're taking something that there are already an established fan base for,
I understand wanting to get more people than just the fan base to see it,
but they need to stay true to their core material.
That's why I'm actually kind of, I'm feeling actually kind of good about, you know,
doing a movie for this series because you've got something established
and easy to work with, I think.
Something that there's not really too much room to fuck it up unless you let,
you know, Uwe Boll do it.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Well, I don't really know how to translate or I should say kind of move over to this story,
but hey, let's talk about something completely different, I guess.
How about something local?
Yeah, something local.
Local news.
What?
Yes, apparently someone is acknowledging Stockton, California.
Why?
I don't know because apparently they wrote an article about, you know,
Grand Theft Auto 4 and how it's making people crazy,
but apparently according to the Stockton record, they have a couple quotes here.
My son Peter was never really aggressive, but once he got into the video games,
GTA being one of them, he started to push, hit, talk back,
and just become a different person.
It said Stockton parent Greg Within.
His last name is Within.
That's kind of weird.
And it doesn't really say how old his son is.
I know people that are letting their like eight-year-old son play these games,
so like Grand Theft Auto and Call of Duty 4.
I don't get it.
And then anyways, there's another one.
It's all this other guy who's 19 said he was involved in an altercation a week
after he purchased Grand Theft Auto 4.
He says at the time he noticed that he had become less sensitive to violence.
Grand Theft Auto 4, tearing a neighborhood apart.
And the 19-year-old says it didn't completely blame the game for his violence,
but it did affect him.
I don't know.
It sounds retarded.
It was covered on Game Politics,
and you can also find it at recordnet.com,
which is the official Stockton newspaper's website.
And yes, Stockton is like the butthole of the Sacramento area.
It's not even Sacramento area.
It's more like that space between Sacramento and L.A.
that you drive down on the freeway.
Or worse yet, that space between Sacramento and Fresno.
And you can blame Jesse.
They do have a good arcade there, though.
Corona as the author of the original.
It's Grand Theft Auto 4, criticized by Stockonians.
Stockonians!
Wow!
Is that what they call themselves?
That's retarded.
Apologies to all of our listeners in Stockton, California.
The fact that you live there.
Do they have a good golf land?
They have a Para Para machine.
The golf land was kind of cool.
Do they still have the Para Para?
I don't know.
It's been a long time since we've been to Stockton Golf Land.
We should go to Stockton Golf Land.
Why?
You are actually suggesting we go to Stockton willingly.
To Golf Land.
We'll see.
Do they have an S Mart?
Only if we get to...
Yes, they do have an S Mart.
I have to comment on it every time we go by there.
And you know something else?
Is that they actually spell it out, Save Mart, now.
Oh, shoot.
That sucks.
And you know something that's pretty funny, though, too?
Is this story right here is basically written about the launch day of Grand Theft Auto 4.
Yet it's coming out a month afterwards.
I mean, talk about trying to fill space.
Sorry.
Let's see.
SSG100Matt in chat says,
I heard a mother say she got the game for her kid because he was being made fun of in school for not having the game.
Meanwhile, the kid was 12.
Stupid.
Wowzers.
Kids will get made fun of for anything.
The color of their hair, their name, the clothes they wear, the way they walk, talk, behave.
Just get over it.
That's school for you.
Well, guess what?
I have some more Grand Theft Auto 4 related news.
Benny Hill's coming to a no, it's actually has to do with the kind of an idiot.
And it has to do with a 13 year old boy.
And we can't give out his name because he's only 13.
But if we could, he would win this week's stupid award.
This is coming from the police.
Paul Chastani. He's a lieutenant of a Massachusetts police force.
It was a male 13 year old.
And what he did, he stayed after class when other students had left the classroom and then pulled an 11 inch knife on the teacher and asked for 20 bucks.
When the teacher refused, he lowered his demand to one dollar.
Give me a dollar.
The teacher then took the knife from the student.
It doesn't explain how that happened, but the teacher was able to get the knife away from the student.
And just like punched him.
But no, no, here's the thing.
The police said the boy wanted to buy the video game Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, but his mother had refused to give him the money.
So he came up with an alternate plan.
So first off, why was the kid trying to get Grand Theft Auto San Andreas?
Dude, that game's been out for like years.
Maybe he only has a PlayStation 2.
Because apparently his mom's a bitch for not buying him any violent video games.
I guess that makes sense, because I think it's cheaper now, so only 20 bucks might cover that game.
Actually, it wouldn't.
He'd be slightly short with tax, so sucks for him.
But the moral of the story is, this guy sucks.
And his parents kind of suck for letting him get away with this.
So there you have it.
And then of course, whenever we hear these types of stories and get out stupid words, I don't know about you, but I get a little bit angsty.
And when I get angsty, people die. Oh, and the FUs of the week happen.
I mean seriously, San Andreas?
You know, I don't really think I'm angsty about anything right now.
Make something up.
FU to my digestive system.
Okay.
For killing me softly with imp song.
Thank you, Roberta Flack.
Uh, Logie?
Uh, FU to Monster Mini Golf.
It's this chain of indoor mini golf places.
They opened one up here in Rancho Cordova.
I wanna go there, does it suck?
It does suck. It's at the Nimbus Winery.
Yeah, that's where it's big eye pedigree is.
Um, so, here's my problem with it.
First off, they just put no thought into the course design whatsoever.
It just, it kinda goes around there in a giant maze.
There is, there are no barriers from one hole to the next, so you don't know where one course begins and another one ends.
And, you practically have to search the course to find the hole that you're supposed to be knocking the ball into.
So they spent little time on the course, but they have all these cool props that are like all pneumatic and stuff like that that are really cool.
But really, I mean, indoor mini golf in this area would be a fucking awesome idea.
It's just, why isn't anyone doing it right?
I mean, if I had the money to set up something like that, I would at least put a few seconds thought into the actual course instead of just throwing some shit together.
I will not be going back.
Uh, I give an FU to driving home at 2.30 in the morning and, uh, falling asleep at the wheel.
But thankfully, somebody else was there to take over. I didn't drive unsafe, but just FU to the fact that I thought I'd be able to stay up and I couldn't.
I couldn't do it.
FU to me being weak.
Alright.
One thing that we will not be giving an FU to because it's awesome is, uh, classic video games that we love and adore.
And, uh, we're about ready to wrap up part A, but we can't do it until we pay some respect to our elders.
And, uh, we do that by asking the one and only DarkSakura to dig through the archives of games every week and pick out one of her favorites to be featured as, the OLR Classic Game of the Week.
DarkSakura, what should the kids be checking out this week?
It's a little game called Ghouls and Ghosts.
Um, also called Daya Makaimura, which, um, is really, really, you know, it's Ghouls and Ghosts, how can you go wrong with that?
It's classic. Hence, Classic Game of the Week.
Anyway.
It's like, isn't it? Okay, the music is the best.
See?
Okay, anyway, you play as a knight called, uh, Arthur who has to go through a bunch of really friggin' tough stages to go rescue, um, his, uh, his woman and, uh, save, uh, souls sold by, uh, Lucifer.
And, um, I think it's funny that his bride is named Princess Prin Prin. That's really hilarious.
But anyway, um, you pick up different, um, weapons on the way, and actually this is a sequel to Makaimura, which was Ghouls and Goblins over here, um, and the change between, um, from this one to the last one is that you can fire up and, you know, jump and fire, um, um, but you also get different weapons.
Never use the sword. It sucks.
You want to get the lances.
The holy water is okay.
But, um, you've also got different enemies that show up, like, you know, a bunch of demon-y things, and a magician that every so often will either turn him into an old man or a duck.
Yeah.
Um, you also get, um, you know, your gold armor, so you get, uh, your charge attack and one extra, I guess, hit that you can take.
The really hard part about this game is that you do have a limited number of hits you can take.
Um, starting, you know, you start off with your basic armor, but if you get the gold armor, you take one hit, you go back to your basic armor.
You get one hit, you go to a man running around in his underwear.
And then one more hit, you are dust.
Um, it has come out on, um, Amiga.
You literally just collapse into skulls and bones, which is kind of funny.
Yeah.
Um, Amiga, um, Arms Shreds, uh, CPC Atari ST, Commodore 64, raw.
Nice.
Sega Saturn, which I have that copy, and I actually bought it at a Babbage's.
So, I bought it at American Retailer, I think it's hilarious, because it was only on, uh, the Capcom Generations that they brought out in Japan.
Um, it came out on Playstation Super Graphics, Master System, Genesis, Virtual Console release, and ZX Spectrum.
But, um, it's really freaking fun, and also this game, and I'm going to spoil it for everyone.
It's only been out, you know, 20 years.
Oh my god, it's been out 20 years, it was released in 1988.
Okay, as of December, it will be out 20 years.
Okay.
Um, it was released in December 1988.
Um, but, um, I had a point.
Okay, um, so to spoil the ending, um, when you get to the end of the game, you have to do it again.
It's like, oh, guess what, remember all that sweating that you did to get through this game?
Ha ha ha ha, we lied, no ending, do it again.
And so, um, you have to go through the whole thing all over.
Um, it also had-
Sadistic.
I know, really evil.
Um, it also did have, um, a sequel to it, which in my opinion was disappointing, with Super Ghouls and Ghosts.
It did have a very epic opening, and it was really freaking hard, but I don't think that it was as much fun as this one.
And then the one that drove me crazy at E3 two years ago, hunting down, and then they kicked me off of playing it, was Ultimate Ghosts of Goblins.
Um, which is a PSP release.
And it was actually really fun, and just as freaking hard as all the other of them.
So, that's your game. That is the game.
So if you can beat this game, you have a very big E-peen, if you can beat this game.
I've beaten the game.
Then your E-peen is very big, congratulations.
I've seen my husband beat it on one credit.
That's crazy.
I've seen him beat a number of games, I've seen him beat our type on one credit.
Thanks.
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week folks, Ghouls and Ghosts, on like a million different systems, so check it out.
The system you would urge though, I'm sure, has got to be the SEGA one, right?
Well, Saturn has the arcade perfect version, however, if you're going to get it for any of the home systems, it says Virtual Console as well.
Get the Genesis version.
Honestly, for any of the...
I didn't mind the Super Nintendo Super Ghouls and Ghosts, I mean, I know you're not a fan, but...
Honestly, and this is not a problem because I was always a Super Nintendo fan girl, and I actually do like Super Ghouls and Ghosts.
Don't get me wrong at all, I like the game, it's just, it was a bit of a letdown.
Not as good.
It's like, you know, it's comparing vanilla ice cream to chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
No, it's like taking like...
They're both good, but one's got peanut butter.
No, no, no, no, no, you know what it's like using the ice cream analogy, okay?
It's like getting Ben & Jerry's, and then getting Thrifty.
I love Thrifty ice cream.
I know! I love Thrifty ice cream too, but is it as good as Ben & Jerry's?
That's debatable. How about Baskin-Robbins? Baskin-Robbins is kind of frumpy. I don't know.
Baskin-Robbins has egg nog.
Here it is, here it is. Cold Stone vs. Soft Serve at McDonald's.
I wouldn't say it's that bad.
Soft Serve at McDonald's tastes like whipped cream.
Here we go with the food again. Look, we gotta take a break.
I have ice cream at home, Rob.
It's called Medieval Madness and I bought it because it's the same as a pinball machine.
I can't eat ice cream right now, but what I can have, I have had it pretty awesome.
There's a self-serve non-fat yogurt place over by William's house that's pretty awesome.
Because you get to make the yogurt yourself, and then they have toppings galore that you put on there.
There's a TCBY by my house.
Good times. Alright, look, we're gonna take a break.
Okay.
So stay tuned for more of Orange Lounge Radio. We didn't even touch Nintendo Wii News and we got a whole lot of it coming up in the next segment.
A little bit of Xbox 360 news as well, even though it was a little slow in the house of Microsoft this week.
We'll be talking a little bit about those systems right after a quick break. We'll see you then.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
