Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to more of Orange Lounge Radio, here on All Games Radio,
where we broadcast live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time,
immediately following the Bobby Black Wolf show, so sometimes it's a couple minutes early,
sometimes it's a couple minutes late, as it was tonight.
But that's alright, because we have some great shows that we play with here on All Games Radio,
not just Bobby on Sunday nights, but a whole sort of assortment of different podcasts
and other live shows that air throughout the week.
So if you haven't checked it out yet, you definitely should, www.allgames.com.
Meanwhile, we got some other gaming news to get into, and we're gonna get into that in just a minute,
but we gotta follow up with some of that hilarity from the Part A,
or I guess I shouldn't say hilarity, because somebody is gonna get yelled at
over all those game news things getting leaked out.
Loke, you were doing some poking around on the website.
What kind of stuff were you looking at there during the break?
Well, I was just trying to, you know, pull up a bunch of...
What's the name of these guys again?
The Marketing Research...?
Intellisponse.
Okay, Intellisponse.
Intellisponse.
But I thought it was funny, though, because they have...
There was a section on the NeoGAF forum that they were...
Someone had highlighted their privacy policy, and it's all the policy.
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority.
We have taken careful measures to secure your information.
Whoops.
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from PC to our servers.
Our secure server software encrypts information,
ensuring that all internet transactions remain private.
That's gotta be so embarrassing, though.
That's gotta be so embarrassing.
So stupid.
Yeah, they have, like...
Yeah, it is secure, and it will prompt for a password and stuff like that.
But if you remove part of the URL on that, it won't...
So...
It's broken.
But...
Yeah, somebody's gonna get screamed out over that.
Lots of stuff, and we'll talk about it a little bit more later on.
I'd be curious to see if this company makes a statement,
or if they just try to pretend it didn't happen.
I think they're just gonna pretend it didn't happen,
and let Microsoft and Activision kind of...
And all the other marketing research companies today are going,
Woo-hoo!
New business is gonna be coming soon.
Yeah.
Alright, let's stop kicking sand in these guys' faces,
and go back to gaming news.
Yes.
Alright.
So, there's some interesting things coming out this week in Japan.
I don't really know what you'd call this press event,
but it was basically the event where Microsoft says,
Hey, look at all the Japanese RPGs that are coming our way.
So, one of which, of course, is a really cool Star Ocean 4,
which will be making its way out to the Xbox 360 in 2009.
It's called Star Ocean The Last Hope,
and they had a trailer also being released for that,
and of course it's Square Enix and Tri-Aces RPG.
And I guess apparently the game was announced back in 2007
at the Square Enix party, but, you know, I don't know.
And it was funny, too,
because originally it was supposed to be a PS3 exclusive,
but no word yet on when it's gonna arrive on the PS3,
or if it will.
If it will?
That's an interesting little footnote.
Do you think that possibly...
Well, I added that, so...
Okay.
Well, I mean, this is a Microsoft press event.
They're not gonna say, oh, it's also on PS3.
Ah, yes, it makes sense.
I think it's still coming to PS3,
probably about the same time frame
as a lot of these types of games do.
There's another role-playing game coming out
called Tales of Vesperia is coming out,
and it's coming out in Japan in August of 2008,
August 7th specifically.
And the US, too.
Is it coming out the US the same time?
Around the same time.
Around the same time, but we don't have...
It'll also be mid-August.
Is it really?
Yeah, so far.
That wasn't part of this press release.
Do you know something I don't?
Oh, I know that it's coming out mid-August.
All right.
I don't remember the exact date,
but it's coming out mid-August.
It still looks pretty cool.
It's a Namco Bandai RPG,
which I believe Eternal Sonata was by them as well.
And that game was kind of one of those games
that slipped under some people's radars,
but it's great.
It's a great game.
So I'm hoping this game follows in that.
It's gonna be 37,800 yen for the bundle,
because the game is actually gonna get
its own Xbox 360 bundle over in Japan
to try and tap into that market
that just won't pick up on Xbox 360.
The Japanese are really resistant to Xbox 360,
but trying to use some of these upcoming role-playing games,
which all look pretty rad,
to try and woo some of the Japanese players
over to Xbox 360.
Hasn't worked so far.
Yeah, and I have a feeling they're all too busy
playing Metal Gear Solid 4 to care this week,
sorry to say.
Well, another game that...
But I'll buy it.
Okay.
Oh, another game that Squenix published
is actually developed by Tri-Ace for Xbox 360.
Infinite Undiscovery has ship dates
for North America and Europe,
being 9.2 and 9.5, respectively,
and proposed in-store dates of September 11th
for Japan and Asia.
So you can read about it if you read Japanese on Famitsu.
Oh, by the way, this was like my favorite
out of all those role-playing games I saw,
this Infinite Undiscovery.
This looks pretty sweet.
And the name is very interesting.
It's really weird that we're getting it before Japan.
It's shipping on that day.
But, well, it's so gonna be there next day.
I'll still be able to walk into a store
and get it before the Japanese listener person,
which is strange because with role-playing games,
I can't think of many times that happens.
So, but that's, I mean, it's not that much.
It's only like a week.
But I think it's pretty cool.
They at least obviously develop the games at the same time.
Yes.
Pretty neat.
And then the last game, of course,
which we've seen a little bit of trailers on,
I think during E3 and maybe Tokyo Game Show.
I don't remember.
But the last title, of course,
The Last Remnant will be getting an Xbox 360 release.
This is the one that's using the Unreal 3 engine
that was first announced in 2007.
And the game is supposed to be, I guess,
supposed to be launching simultaneously
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in Japan,
North America and Europe, I guess, a little bit later.
But now it looks like they're gonna get
a simultaneous worldwide launch in all three territories.
So it's supposed to come sometime this winter.
Interesting.
Interesting, so coming soon is basically what they've said.
The fall.
Interesting.
Hey, I'm actually curious because I
know a lot of our listeners are into these RPG-type games
because we are.
I'm kind of curious, chat room, out of these games
we just talked about, Star Ocean, Tales of Vesperia,
Infinite Undiscovery, Last Remnant,
is there any that, and kind of including other RPGs
we know are in the tailpipe for Xbox 360,
such as Blue Dragon 2, I think, has been confirmed,
as well as the Lost Odyssey sequel.
I'm kind of curious, those of you guys in chat,
are any of these catching your interest?
And if so, which one?
And why?
Which one do you think you're more interested in
over the others?
I already have Infinite Undiscovery on order,
same with Tales.
And then there's also the PS3 Sega one
that's coming out that I can't remember the name off
the top of my head right now.
But that one I also have on order.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com if you
want to join in on the instant discussion there.
If you're listening live to us on this Sunday evening.
As well as five copies of Saints Row 2
for each one of our Xbox 360s.
Nice.
We'll move, we'll move.
Huh?
You asked a question of us.
Oh, I was asking chat, but certainly
if you have an opinion too, please.
I'm sort of thinking that Infinite Undiscovery,
but it depends on if I have time.
Always depends on time.
That's all right.
We'll go back to that question in just a minute.
Let me address this though related to Xbox stories.
Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix.
The Xbox Live Arcade game with the longest freaking title ever.
You know it's going into beta.
And the beta was purchased through Commando 3,
which just went on Xbox Live Arcade this past week.
That beta is going to open up on June 25th.
That would be next Wednesday is when
this beta is going to go live.
Now remember about the beta though,
you only basically get Ken Ryu in one stage.
So it's not really a whole lot to the game.
But hey, at least you do get to take a peek
at what this game is going to look like.
So again, that all starts on June 25th.
Going to the question that I asked earlier,
looking in chat at some of the answers here.
Let's see.
Joshi16 says, I don't have the time anymore.
I want to try Eternal Sonata.
I'm so behind.
Yeah, sometimes I feel like I'm behind on a lot of these games
too.
Damn wow.
GameGuru says, OLR, not really.
Maybe the Blue Dragon games because Blue Dragon
is from Team Chrono Trigger.
I got to tell you though, the first Blue Dragon game,
not what you would have hoped for.
It's OK.
It's like imagine like a Super Nintendo classic RPG
on an Xbox 360.
That's kind of what Blue Dragon was.
But unfortunately, the story was a little generic
as a lot of RPGs tended to be back then.
So sorry.
All right, that was really it.
We didn't get a whole lot of comments on that in chat.
Ospher says he wants to get a Eternal Sonata for PS3.
I guess they do have the extra stuff.
So we'll see.
I wish I hadn't looked at this.
I really wish I hadn't looked at this.
Well, what's that?
I'm not going to spoil it for anybody else at all.
And actually, this really isn't that bad of a spoiler.
But I'm still not going to say anything about it
because there is a voice acting casting call out
for a second Portal game.
I'm not going to say anything about it.
So we don't know what it is or why.
It's just it's out there.
I know why.
I know what it is now.
But it's a spoilery.
I don't want to spoil it for anybody.
All right.
If you want to know, you can actually hunt it down on a...
I'm not in most gaming blogs around the story this week.
But I'm not sure.
I'm not going to ruin it.
I got to say, though, that the premise sounds awesome.
From what I read of it, it sounds very interesting.
You knew it was coming.
You knew a Portal 2 had to happen somehow.
So I'm glad they will make it work one way or the other.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyways, so there's some interesting stuff coming out.
Now, probably from a very unlikely event as well.
The Major League of Gaming, they actually had a Halo 3 competition that's happened recently.
And one of the surprises that they had for their contestants was a new map for Halo 3
called Cold Storage.
And what Cold Storage is, is actually a remake or, I guess, a map that resembles the Chill
Out level from the first Halo games.
So it's kind of interesting.
It kind of falls in line with, you know, the other maps that have been released.
Kind of a lot of remakes and that, I guess, inspired by previous game maps and stuff like
that.
So no word on when this will be coming to us, but probably something like in the fall
or summer, you know, another map pack.
But pretty cool.
All right.
Sounds interesting.
Although, I'm kind of over Halo 3.
I don't know about the rest of y'all.
But Halo 3 didn't have the lasting power that Halo 2 did, sadly.
I don't know.
All right.
The Maw is a new game that's going to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I don't know, the first time I look at this and I see this little creature in a little
screenshot from the Maw, I think it's like something I see out of Spore or something.
But actually, what Maw is, is that is kind of the little mouth creature on a pet blob
that is featured in the game.
You can actually use this little creature to eat, like, a house or just lots of little
different things.
I don't know.
It kind of sounds different, like Katamari Dimashius in a way.
It's a little alien, Frank.
And you use the Maw's growth and the power's M-A-W.
Thought so.
Yeah.
And basically, what you do, you say hello to creatures, then eat them.
And they double as power ups.
Twisted Pixel is the people behind the game.
And they promise that they will have a lengthy single player mode, cut scenes that are described
as intense, and cutting edge graphics for Xbox Live Arcade.
No word on when this will be out.
Hopefully a little sooner than Castle Crashers.
We'll see.
Meanwhile, let's take a look at what you guys have to say in our mailbag.
Every week we open up our mailbag to you guys to send us your emails and your love and adoration
or your hate mail.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those emails.
Darkstalker's going to dive in right now.
Pick a few of her favorites.
Read them for you.
We got a bunch of them, but they're not that long.
OK.
First one comes from, I'm just going to say James.
Is there a date on how long Deoxys is available?
I'm in Germany, and my cartridge is in Texas to get the event item for Darkrai.
So, I may need to ask someone to take the cartridge to Gamestop.
Um, I didn't see.
I don't remember seeing one either.
I will try to find the answer for the reason next to the email.
You may have to get a friend over here to get it for you or something somehow.
This one comes from our friend in Kenya.
Hi, O.R. I've been listening to tonight's show and I'm thrilled you read my email.
Wait, no.
This guy's fake.
I proved it.
He's on our Facebook community.
OK. The actual name that emailed us.
I got you.
I caught you.
So, now I want to know what the hell, what is this?
Go ahead and read the email.
I'm going to read it.
That's what I said because I'm, you know.
All right.
It's like, I'm not sure how I'm supposed to prove who I am, but I will try and find a
way to get a hold of the camera to take a picture of Samara's Cafe.
Have a good night there in the USA from Kenya.
That's from Taiwan.
I just want to know, what the hell is this?
Just come clean.
I caught you.
You're, you're, the name in your email is in our Facebook community.
You got caught.
Now admit it.
All right.
Next email.
But I still want to see the picture.
I mean, I kind of want to see what you, what we're going to do.
I mean, I, I, I, I don't have a, this one comes from the guy with cool email.
Salt-Tec.
Just wondering if any of you know whether Sony ever plans to let you play PSP games
using your PS3 via remote play.
I hate the PSP's control, but it seems all the games I like are coming out for it, i.e.
Kingdom Hearts 3, God of War 3, Final Fantasy 7.
It just seems like it would be smart because it's only, only take an update to do.
And I know personally that a few of my friends would pick up both the PS3 and PSP just to
do this and the others, since they already have a PS3, would just buy the PSP.
He means Crisis Core.
That's what I meant.
Yeah.
That's what I was thinking.
Awesome show, never let it stop.
Salt-Tec.
Awesome show, never let it stop, Salt-Tec.
Okay.
So, wait, wait, was the question, should he get the PSP or?
If they're ever gonna have the remote play.
Oh, remote play on PSP.
I thought they already had something like that.
I think he's talking about in the other direction where you can play PSP games on your PS3.
Oh, um, maybe someday.
You know what would be a little bit better is, well,
I guess you could emulate it, but like, that'd be kind of cool.
They have a little $20 peripheral or something like that that just pop the UMD into and play
it that way.
Well, here's, here's the other thing on those new PSPs.
They have the video out, which is essentially playing them on your TV anyway.
That's not exactly.
The complaint was about the controller.
I can understand that and maybe Sony will do that whole like compatibility and reverse
thing, but because of the video out and because Sony doesn't feel that their controller sucks,
don't hold your breath.
Sorry, by the way, I'm looking at a story about that Pokemon event to go back to the
last email.
It says that it's only on the weekends of June 20th and June 27th.
I'm sorry to say June 30th, I think is the last day that this is available.
So sorry to our friend in Germany.
You'll have to get somebody over here to get it for you.
Quick FedEx your cartridge out here or find a cheat code or something.
Yeah, sorry.
Um, this comes from Geek Boy.
Hey, OLR crew, I've been looking unsuccessfully for free lessons in programming languages.
I've wanted to learn how to learn programming languages for some time now, and I wanted
to know if you knew any good websites and which languages I should learn.
Thanks, Geek Boy.
Well, you can learn to learn anything, I suppose.
But if you want to start off, you know, easy, try something like, you know, Visual Basic,
maybe because you can use that in Word and all kinds of other programs.
You know what?
If you ain't writing in ZZT, you ain't shit.
I'm just kidding.
No, you need to learn Fortran.
Jeez, Pascal.
How about Logo?
No, just kidding.
You know, here's the thing.
Honestly, if you really want to start with programming, like if you don't even really
have your foot, because he says he doesn't really have his foot in the door at all.
I don't like free C. Well, not even that, but my suggestion go to one of these games
that is a make your own game.
And even though I kind of joke about ZZT, that game will teach you a lot about programming,
even though it's like years old.
And a lot of these games that are game maker type games, it's a really good place to start
because programming and all that is a lot about logic and a way of thinking and debugging
your stuff.
I know it's logical.
I hey, look, when I originally went to college, I was studying originally like computer programming
and I started with a C++ class.
I hated it.
And I decided this is not for me.
I quit database management because as soon as I went through the basic stuff, I was like,
I hate this.
There's a lot of people in chat yelling C++, Java, C, basic.
I would say honestly, I don't know who uses basic anymore, but why not?
But here's the thing.
Start with one of these game maker type programs that teach you how to think logically and
debug your games.
Then you're ready to start with a programming language.
Think about it.
And seriously, check out ZZT.
It rocks.
Xenocore says turn him to game maker seven.
Make a game while you learn coding techniques.
That's exactly the kind of thing I'm thinking is a good starting point because if you try
to just jump in and learn C, you're going to be in over your head, buddy.
Yeah, you've got to have the, you always build up to whatever.
Yeah.
And Alpha Canagram says TI-83 basic for the win.
Hell yeah, I had one.
I had the Texas Instruments computer that had the little cartridges that you slid on
the side.
And I had the basic book.
I will write you a Commodore 64 basic program right now.
Here we go.
10 space, print space, quote, Rob is awesome, quote, enter.
20 space, go to 10, enter, run.
Programming lesson here on OLR.
Make sure you've got plenty of printer paper.
Exactly.
You know, I have that icon, though.
Did you see my icon that I made a long time ago?
This is a 10 home.
Yes, sweet home.
30 go to 10.
Yeah, I remember that.
Yeah.
Anyway, this one comes from Katamari's Forever.
First of all, I want to thank you, OLR, for naming Space Channel 5 your classic game of
the week last week.
I was beaming with excitement when Jamie said those words.
I actually thank Sauce for that because she's the one who told me to do it.
Thank you, Sauce.
Thank you.
Even though you're not listening to us to watch Tony Awards.
She didn't hear that now because she's watching Tony Awards.
Second, I want to give a shout out to an OLR me, Carizzle.
It's nice that I found him on another forum, Red Flag Deals.
Do you get excited when you see a random OLR me around an event?
Yeah.
And by the way, this reminds me, I finally got around to making a character on the Ragnarok
server that you have to guess which one I'm playing on.
Named Dark Sakura with the party OLR me.
So if you find me, you get a prize.
I'm not going to tell you where I am, though.
Nice.
Only a few people know.
And third, remember when someone nuked your article from Wikipedia?
I was laughing out loud when I found out that under the beautiful Katamari article was none
other than you, OLR, when the article referenced the story you posted about the game.
I guess you're in place.
Oh, yeah, that.
I guess you're in places you think you're not in.
Anyway, wanted to say I'm playing Space Channel 5 Part 2 now and talk to you later.
Katamari's forever.
Hey, yes.
Go ahead.
Rob.
What?
Remember that Still Alive parody thread?
Well, I finished the song and put it on this email.
Please listen.
It would be greatly appreciated or maybe put in a bonus segment.
How about we make that our fortune cookie?
We or well, better yet was so the podcast listeners can hear it.
We will play at the end of the show tonight because I did listen to it.
I can't believe somebody actually did it.
So we will definitely play it at the end of the show and you rock for doing it.
Here's what I want to ask about Wikipedia.
You know, not only were we linked from that beautiful Katamari article,
we were also linked from the Guitar Hero 80s edition article.
I don't even remember why what we had to do with that game.
I guess we were.
Did we announce it early or something?
I don't remember Guitar Hero 80s edition.
What about 80s edition?
We're linked from the article in Wikipedia.
Like, for some reason, we're referenced in the article.
I don't remember why.
I think we may talk about it or whatever.
Whatever.
Here's my question.
Did anyone ever try to recreate the wiki article?
They should.
I think so, too.
The problem, the reason why it got nuked is because they said it wasn't sourced or that
it didn't prove its relevance or whatever.
But dude, we're coming up on our sixth birthday.
We're gonna be like one of the longest running shows on the net, right?
Right.
Oh, you're giving me a second, yep, I found it.
It's under history.
Guitar Hero Encore Rock C80s was initially announced by EGM in January 2007 as Guitar
Hero 1980s edition.
Orange Lounge Radio claimed that the game would be released in June 2007 based on an
Activision announcement, though no other source has cited this announcement.
Activision officially revealed the first details of the game as May 11th, 2007, in addition
to changing the game's title to Guitar Hero Rock C80s.
I rem- you know what, it never came out, though, in that time.
I remember what it was, though.
It was some type of, like, sales presentation thing that you- that you had that we- I remember
that's what it was.
That's why no one else would have had it.
Yeah.
It was from, uh, I remember what it was from.
It was from, uh, Destination PlayStation because that's, uh, it's retailers only.
No press.
Uh-huh.
This one goes for the World of Warcraft players.
Yay!
From Lord Katakos.
What server you guys play WoW on?
Also, my 77 priest I mailed you about, like, two months ago was hacked, but I restarted
on a private server called D- Dagon MS, I guess, and I'm now level 168.
Wait, you can't be that high in WoW.
Are you sure this is about WoW, or is this, uh, R- uh, Ragnarok?
Can you go to 168?
No, maybe it is.
No, this is what you play WoW on.
You can't go to level 168 in WoW.
Private server?
Maybe on a private server.
That's what he just said.
He's playing on a private server.
Oh.
I'm gonna look this- the server up.
Um, anyway, you guys are gladly set to rob.
He only just finished Khara.
Um, I would- I- we- I'm on the Ravencrest server on normal OLR.
I don't play on a pirated server.
Um, I play on Ravencrest because it sounds like Ravenclaw from Harry Potter.
Horde side.
Horde has cookies.
Okay, I looked up, uh, Dagon MS, and it's a freaking, um, um, MapleStory.
MapleStory?
Get out of here!
I'm just kidding.
Jamie doesn't play MapleStory.
The end.
Help me don't play that.
And, um, by the way, the, um, uh, OL Army Guild on WoW really isn't the OL Army Guild
on WoW anymore.
It's like, uh, Rob's offline friends and their friends playing in a guild.
So, if you're going to join our guild, I'm all for having listeners in there because
we still go by the, uh, OL Army creative, uh, don't be an asshole when you play games.
But, um, you know, don't expect that you're going to run into a whole lot of other OLR
listeners on there.
But we have fun.
If any- if anyone wants to find out, wants to, um, and it's only going to be a casual
guild, I'm not going to let anyone else invite anyone who- unless I trust them.
But, um, find me on, um, uh, what is that chat thing we use?
IRC.
There you go.
And, um, I might tell you.
Um, I want to point out, too, because this is in the Justin TV chat, going back to the,
uh, kid who was asking about the programming languages, wanting to know more about where
to start with that.
Um, Akuma JP, who works for, like, you know, game companies in Japan, suggests, download
the iPhone SDK.
It's fun.
Start from there.
Not C, though.
I didn't even think about that.
There's that whole new, uh, development kit that iPhones got.
I might get the Twitter thingy for it.
That might be kind of fun.
Good suggestion.
It's actually officially supported now.
Hmm.
Okay, next email from Amplitude.
Yes, please.
Hey, OLR, Amplitude here.
I'm listening to part B of this week's show at work, and the whole tangent on how awesome
arcades used to really, uh, be really got me to start thinking.
We, or at least those of us from that era, certainly can name some arcades that are on
the decline, and what happened, but reminiscing will only get us so far.
I feel like we never quite found an explanation for this.
Can we point fingers at corporate America and say that things were brought, um, were
bought out and consequently ambushed?
But is anyone else looking at it from a different perspective?
What about the kids that go to the arcades or lack thereof?
Nowadays, if you were spotted at a local arcade, you're pegged as a gamer, and all the
stereotypes are realized, and you begin to accumulate what can only be described as
loser points.
I don't know about you, but I remember when going to the arcade with your friends was
the cool thing to do.
I guess my main point is that while arcades have gone downhill because of buyouts, no
one goes to them anymore, and perhaps that's the reason why they're losing interest in
being shut down.
Sorry for the long email slash rant amplitude.
P.S.
This email brought to you by subject hometown here, home of the test subject here.
Um, I see what you did there.
Uh, good thought.
I, I don't know.
I don't think we ever did get down to the bottom of what happened to arcades, and I,
there was money to be made in birthday parties.
Maybe we should do our first investigative story.
An invest, an OLR investigative report.
Don't don't.
Seriously.
Maybe.
We should.
Okay, Jamie, you head that up because I wouldn't even know where to begin to college and works
full time.
Rob works full time and Rob has other things going on too.
Okay.
You know, so don't you were full time and is very busy with other things.
You're not me.
Get on that.
All right.
There's a shiny dollar in it for you.
I have a Susan B with your name on it, but, but I do want to one part of the email said
people don't go because they're afraid of being a nerd.
Uh, no, no, that can't be true of people.
People are dorks because they go to arcades.
I can't believe that's true.
Loki Jamie and Loki Jamie and I would never have met if it wasn't for the arcade.
I don't, of course, you know, then again, I got called a geek earlier this week, so
I don't know by some guy who doesn't know you.
I know I'm just being a bitch, but seriously, you know, it's like, I don't the hell with
what they think.
So what if they think you're a cheeseburger points out for programming languages, PHP,
Python, C++, Java, Ruby, Pearl, and if you learn HTML, it will be easier.
Like, okay, HTML is freaking easy.
So we're almost done.
Great.
Hello.
All right.
It is Janai from Las Vegas.
As of typing this email, I have returned from the video game live concert in Henderson,
Nevada.
It is a must see event.
I wore my Professor Layton costume and gave people gold coins that noticed who I was dressed
as.
Nice.
I was backstage for the costume contest, and even though I didn't win, I got to see Martin
Leung, the famous piano player who played the Super Mario theme blindfolded on YouTube.
I quickly said, I love your YouTube videos and you applied with a cool thank you.
And that made my day.
Awesome lighting, great music selection, both new and classic games.
And Tommy Tallarico kept changing his clothes, which was strange.
I give the show a solid 100% rating.
If it's coming to your town or close by, you must see it.
And yes, they have international dates this year.
You know, I'm really glad you read that email because it gives me a chance to say we have
a guest coming on the show, not next week, but the week after.
He's going to be on the show on the 29th, Sunday, the 29th.
Tommy Tallarico is going to be on Orange Lounge Radio to talk about video games live.
And I will ask him for you about why the wardrobe change.
So, yeah, and we're going to, we're going to be asking him about the world tour and,
uh, you know, what, what people can expect this year and all that fun stuff.
And then all expenses paid tickets to see it overseas.
Uh, I don't push it, but I know Tommy Tallarico will be here in two weeks.
Sweet.
Cheeseburger.
I'm not reading your other email, but I'll read this one.
It's about arcades.
Hey guys, last week you talked about arcades and how cool they were.
I am 14, so I've never really been in arcades.
Sky said we have cool things in our generation, but we won't realize them until 20 years from now.
I think we'll be telling our kids about this thing called internet radio, where everyone had a voice.
At least I got some OLR.
You know, that's a cute email.
That is cute.
It is a very good, nice email.
Last one.
Yes.
By the way, just to answer the questions in chat, Tommy will not actually be here in studio
because, you know, he has this whole video games live thing going on.
He's also trying to do, um, he's going to be here in two weeks.
Live thing going on, he's also trying to do, um, but he will take a little time to plug it on our show.
Yes.
Last one comes from our very good friend.
Vandalous.
Hooray.
Miss you.
Happy father's day.
Vandalous.
Happy father's day.
He's got, I think I lost count.
I have lost count of how many children Vandalous has.
I think five.
Yeah.
It's at least five.
Happy father's day.
You've earned it.
Yes, you have.
Quite a bit.
Several times over and we miss you.
We really miss you.
Come back and visit us soon.
Mm hmm.
Um, he says, um, Hey gang, it's, uh, Terry slash Vandalous.
Um, I hope you're all doing well.
I wanted to pass on a new story.
I just blogged about in my weekend news job at www.hardocp.com.
Yeah.
Hard OCP.
Um, it's about the U S army's new recruitment tactic, um, interactive centers.
And he sent me a link to it.
Um, and, but he continues with full-size mockups, Apache helicopter simulations.
Look like America's army was just the beginning and tells us to take care.
And actually, yeah, what it is, is, um, excuse me, they're having a recruitment center set
up with simulators for full-scale, um, mockups of equipment and a gaming arena that uses,
um, America's army.
Um, so that instead of doing the whole, having a commercial to sell what you might happen,
they actually have something that in fact is even quoted, um, from a major Larry Dillard,
who's, um, a U S army marketing executive.
He said the, um, the modeling command and control systems are like those used in Iraq.
Um, they said, there's a, like we said earlier, there's an Apache simulator, um, for pilot
and co-pilot, um, that uses the flight and weapon system, a black Hawk helicopter, um,
that has four door gunner positions and, um, uh, armored Humvee vehicle simulator.
So I think that's pretty, actually, I kind of want to do that myself.
Humvee simulator.
Yeah.
With, um, turrets and that type of thing.
It's, it just makes me think of that.
What was that?
You know, the army is innovative.
They're very innovative at this stuff.
They do their job.
Well, that's all I can really say.
Smart, smart folks there.
And they're using that wonderful America's army.
Wait, whatever happened to America's army?
I think it's, oh yeah, that's right.
That game sucks.
Is it still going?
It's got, it's got a cult following to it.
All right.
That it for mailbag?
Yes.
Mailbag orange lounge, radio.com.
Let's get back to some news.
Yes.
And this is kind of funny though.
Um, apparently there is a game.
Someone noticed that's reusing oblivion's graphics and, uh, the game itself was called
uh, Limbo of the Lost, which just sounds weird anyways, and it is blatantly ripping off Elder
Scrolls Oblivion.
In fact, they had a screenshot, um, comparison and yeah, it's near identical except for maybe
the fire effects are shittier than the other game.
Um, no word, uh, uh, no word on what else, um, they may have stolen.
Um, it says, uh, apparently also, oh, there are some updates to the story.
Apparently also, um, they stole an environment from Thief Deadly Shadows as well.
And, um, apparently Joystick just heard back from the US publisher Try Synergy who told
them that the similarities between the two are striking, but we were just as shocked
as anybody else and we put the line into Majestic.
Um, we had no idea that any of this had been happening in, um, the game and things would
have been different if we had known.
And says, wait, Bethesda is making this game themselves?
No, Majestic.
It's Majestic.
The Majestic is the company making the game and it's being published by some company called
Try Synergy.
Well, Majestic actually made a phone call to Bethesda and this is what they had to say.
Anything you can do, I can do better, I can do anything better than you, no you can't, yes I can, no you can, yes I can, no you can, yes I can, yes I can, no, anything you can be.
Except in this case, they actually can't do it that much better.
No, they can't.
And, uh, that's kind of funny though.
I wonder what else they're gonna, um, it says they also think that the game stole some, um,
artwork from Diablotube, um, a shield called the Wall of Eyeless or something.
Nice.
Very nice.
So they're stealing from everybody.
Moogan, like a Moogan type game.
Doesn't it?
They could do, you know, we should have like random X-type game emulator and then let you
import whatever sprite or whatever the hell you want to do.
Yo, that kind of stuff is like semi-okay if you're making like a fan game or something
like that and maybe like Oblivion or something.
Why don't they just call this game, hi, I stole this from other games?
I don't know.
Azaku says bullshit.
Who the fuck was producing that game in green light at the copyrighted textures without
consulting a lawyer?
Hmm.
Is it bullshit?
Or is it the real deal?
Only time will tell.
Meanwhile, let's go back to some more gaming news.
In the law world, two guys are suing EA.
Hey, why would they sue EA?
Well, it has to do with the NFL lockout, basically, that EA has put on everybody else because
they have the rights.
They've actually filed the suit in a Northern California court.
It's a class action lawsuit.
And they're saying that because of the NFL license, EA is engaging in, quote, blatantly
anti-competitive conduct and they are seeking, quote, restitution and damages for those who
purchased an EA football game since August of 2005, disgorgement of all profits made
as a result of anti-competitive actions, and that the infringing agreements be declared
null and void.
They're suing the wrong people.
They need to be suing the NFL, not EA.
For signing it in the first place.
NFL was the one saying, hey, the rights for our franchise are up for grabs, OK, and then
EA happened to win the bid there.
It's NFL's fault and not EA as much as I hate to say that.
And for those of you that don't understand legal translation so much, we actually had
somebody try to simplify this lawsuit for us and they translated it for us.
Here it is.
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
Bitch, bitch, bitch.
There it is.
That's what this lawsuit is all about.
Anyhow, stories like this, I don't know about you guys, but whenever I hear about all these
like type of like frivolous lawsuit type things, I get a little bit angsty and mad.
And that always necessitates some FUs.
To myself, I left my laptop at home and had to go back and get it.
All right, Loki, FUs is the guy in front of me at Burger King, because apparently he didn't
know what he wanted to order.
And then he proceeded to order like half the menu because I was waiting behind him for
like 10 minutes while he proceeded to wait for his food to be delivered to his car in
about five to six bags.
Nice.
Yes, I love people.
Oh, and he was smoking right there in front of the end of the window, too.
Nice, which is awesome.
He's a winner.
Um, my FU of the week goes to the root canal I had on Thursday.
Ow.
Root canals are not fun.
An FU to the fact that I think there's a problem with it.
I don't know.
I'm gonna have to see the dentist next week.
FU to dentistry.
That's my FU of the week.
Let's get back to gaming news.
Do we gotta?
We gotta.
Okay.
Um, Penny Arcade.
Cool.
I think.
Nope, I'm wrong.
Oh, did you get ahead of yourself?
Yeah.
Penny Arcade coming up soon.
Yes.
Later in the program.
Squeamix.
Yes.
Um, there actually is a trailer up for the new MMO concerto gate and it's going to be
a free MMORPG and it's pretty.
Um, it's actually the sequel to a cross gate, which was an MMO, um, that was in Japan since
2001 and it's, it's just very cute.
So I'm going to, I want to give it a try.
Hooray for free and hooray for cute, right?
As long as it's not MapleStory.
All right.
Why all the hate for MapleStory?
I don't know.
I've never even played MapleStory.
It doesn't look fun.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know, you may have spoiled Ragnarok online.
Ragnarok has withstood the test of time.
Yeah, sure.
One thing Ragnarok does not have that Dungeon Runners does have is a bling gnome.
That's right.
A bling gnome.
What per se is a bling gnome you may ask?
Well, I'm about to tell you.
It's a gnome with bling?
Yeah, sort of.
A bling gnome is a pet of sorts that runs around and picks up, um, all gold dropped
from bad guys while you, um, also kill other things.
And, uh, the gnome also will take, um, items or picked up dropped items that aren't rare
and eat them.
Then he poops out gold as a reward.
That's the best thing ever.
I want a gnome that poops gold.
And they have screenshots to back it up.
Yes, the bling gnome who, who set, who either has loot or woot tattooed to his stomach.
I don't know, but, uh, it's kind of funny.
And, uh, for those who may not be familiar with Dungeon Runner, it is a free MMO.
So where can you check this game out if you want to see this, uh, amazing, um, pooping
gnome?
DungeonRunners.com.
Oh, well, I should have been able to figure that one out, huh?
Oh my God, this is the best thing ever.
And he says he does have woot on him.
And he, I think it's loot.
Oh, I thought it says, no, it could be a little of both.
Maybe woot on the front and loot on the back.
Maybe it's pooped because he poops out, you know, gold.
Well, um, Hey, who wouldn't want to know that poops out gold?
I mean, that's awesome.
Um, I really don't know how to follow up that story.
So I'll just say in other PC gaming news, civilization four is getting a new spinoff.
It's civilization four colonization.
It is not an expansion to the existing civilization four, um, because you're actually not going
to need the original Civ four to actually play this game.
In fact, if you think way back, if you remember old school civilization, like I do the actual
first sequel to civilization of sorts, wasn't civilization two, it was a game called colonization
where you could play as like, I think you played as the British, the French, the Spanish,
or the Dutch.
I want to say, and you could actually play to colonize the new world or America.
No, it wasn't Mars.
You were actually playing Colin.
You were colonizing the new world and it was kind of just a whole like different type of
game, but very similar to the civilization gameplay.
Well, basically they're remaking it and putting the Civ four name on it to see if it sells
a little better this time, I suppose, but it's kind of neat that they're going back
and re revisiting it.
So, uh, two K games is, uh, announced this and saying that the game will have all new
graphics, um, I guess that's all new from the previous colonization, cause honestly
it looks like it's just being done in the Civ four engine.
Not that that's a bad thing.
And it's going to have an improved diplomacy system.
So should be pretty interesting.
So check that out.
Civ four colonization.
I'll be very curious to see how that compares to the original.
Maybe it will be fun.
So, um, remember that thing about me seeing penny arcade earlier?
Well, um, here it is.
How's that for like your, you know, tremendous long wait, whatever.
Um, the penny arcade game is now available on steam and, um, it's called a penny arcade
adventures on the rain slick precipice of darkness.
Episode one is there at www dot steam games.com.
Um, and it will also be offering the future, um, uh, episodes there.
And there are achievements available for steam purchasers.
So, uh, go check it out.
And by the way, the game is very funny.
There's our first review.
You heard it here.
If you haven't heard.
Yeah, you have.
Now, you know, and knowing is half the battle or whatever.
Um, yeah, I hate you.
I hate you too.
Okay.
You know me.
You know me well, uh, never when your nights two is getting yet another expansion.
Um, the new expansions being called storm of Z her, and it's going to be the second
expansion, um, for the game that came out in 2006, it will add a single player campaign
with approximately 15 hours of gameplay.
It'll add a new classes, spells, creatures, and a new playable race.
Uh, also there is a new overland map that is being introduced that allow players to
explore, um, the shoot.
It looks like a Chilton peninsula sword coast and, uh, Samarit.
And it looks like they also have got, um, Hmm.
Looks like that's pretty much it.
And it's due out, I guess the fourth quarter of this year.
So something around Christmas, perhaps.
Isn't it funny that we started off tonight with the D and D story and now we're ending
with a, you know, game that a lot of D and D players love never winter nights.
Cause you can kind of make your own, um, scenarios in there.
Jamie's giving me the metal hand right there.
All right.
Um, w what?
The camera's too far over.
I was trying to insert my, oh no, it's way too far over.
You gotta be able to get to about different Rob.
There you go.
All right.
Uh, one last story tonight, and then we're going to open up the Skype line www dot orange
launch radio.com.
Click on interact with us to see all the different ways you can give us a call.
It's our username on Skype is orange launch radio or our free 800 number for us and Canada
one eight seven seven game O L R.
But first one more story for you guys.
And, um, it's a little bit of a retro, uh, some retro goodness.
Quick.
How do you get 30 lives in Contra?
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA star.
Exactly.
Everybody knows the famous Konami code, right?
Well, how do you get all of the power-ups in, um, Gradius?
Uh, you pause the game and then up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA star.
How do you do it in Proteus?
Uh, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA star.
Backwards.
Whatever.
Here's the thing.
So everybody knows that fricking Konami code.
Well, what's funny is that, um, you can actually use this code in Google reader.
Seriously, this code works in Google reader for presented from Google.
If you put up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA on your keyboard,
and you don't have to hit start because there is no start key on your keyboard.
Um, all of your unread items will be reset to 30.
And a little Ninja will come on the screen to watch you surf RSS feeds.
And you might be asking why.
And to that, I say, why the hell not?
There you have it.
Let's go to the phones and take some calls.
If you want to call us 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Zorman calling in today.
Hi.
I'm just calling in today because I just know that never gets out before came out.
And that's why you let everybody know that I'm
basically not the type of person just bored into the hype.
And I'm a kind of believer that I know that Loki has a little get solid and everything,
but like, does anybody ever believe that there's going to be a good chance
that the game's going to come out?
Xbox 360.
So you think this game is going to come out for Xbox 360.
So somebody like me who's thinking of taking the plunge to get PlayStation 3
soon to play a game like this ought to just wait.
Exactly.
OK, you know, I got to ask why, because this story comes up a lot where, you know,
there's the OMG is going to come out on 360 and then Konami says, no, it's not.
OMG is going to come out on 360.
No, it's really not.
So what do you think is now why it's going to come out now that it's been released?
Well, one of the reasons why I think is because of the amount of if they don't pull the
certain amount of system that they need, that they're going to have to come over and notice
Bioshock and notice that was supposed to be originally for only exclusive Xbox 360.
So I just think that maybe they just kept everybody quiet and hopefully it's going to
come over to Xbox 360 to make money.
Ah, so you're saying like very similar to the reasons why Bioshock and all those games
were kept secret.
And, you know, they swore that these that system, maybe Metal Gear Solid is going to
go that same way.
Did you see that little thing that was making the rounds around the Internet this week about
kind of the joke that's inside Metal Gear about having to change discs?
And then the guy the guy says, oh, wait, no, you don't have to change this because you're
playing a Blu-ray game.
You know, you see that?
Oh, no, no, I haven't.
But I haven't seen that.
I tried my best to ignore all my friends that actually bought into the hype.
I just I just really understand because you know how Microsoft is moving over the Blu-ray
to understand that part.
And it doesn't necessarily need to be on a Blu-ray disc for it to work as well.
That's that's why I'm thinking that it's there's a good chance it could it can always
revamp it and change it, you know, for it to work with 360.
Yeah, but even if Microsoft came out with the Blu-ray player, which, you know, that
rumor we brought that rumor up on last week's show and then Monday came no announcement.
But let's say let's say Microsoft did come out with a Blu-ray player, although at this
point, I don't think they will until their next system.
But let's say let's say they did.
Let's say they came out with a Blu-ray player.
I don't think they're going to start putting out games on that player because they're
going to want to tap into their existing user base.
They don't want to suddenly say games can only be on this.
You know, I just don't think there'd be enough market for that.
Right.
I think that the user base is bigger on Xbox 360.
And I think they'd rather tap into that user base.
And I think they could be more influenced from Konami because the game isn't necessarily
it's not like they're not it's not like Sony owns Konami in any way.
Right.
Well, you know, I would love to see the Xbox 360 port happen as well, but I don't know
sometimes for whatever reason, they like to keep these things system exclusive for whatever
backdoor deals happen.
So we'll see.
Konami will keep tonight, but E3 would be a good time for them to announce it if they
wanted to.
Yeah, you're right.
And that didn't come up yet as well.
So we'll see.
Let's just all keep our fingers together.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
I'll be crossing my fingers for you on the Xbox 360 Metal Gear.
I don't know.
Part of me says not going to happen.
I think they've denied it so many times.
I think if they were to come out and release on 360 now, I don't know.
They'd have to have a lot of extras or something to kind of justify it.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
You never know.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Oscar.
Hey, Oscar, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I'm just happy that I managed to get my hands on the Metal Gear Solid 4 limited edition
this week.
Ah, what'd you think?
I didn't even reserve the game either.
What's that?
I didn't even reserve the game either, and I found it.
I think they did a pretty good job.
They knew the demand was going to be pretty high for this, so they made a lot of copies
of it.
Well, what'd you think?
Surely you've opened it up by now.
What do you think?
Well, I've only had time to play about three hours of it so far, and it's pretty great.
It's really epic.
That's the only word you can describe it.
I think that's kind of the consensus around here at OLR Studios this evening.
The game is epic.
What makes it so epic?
Is it just the cutscenes epic?
What is it that makes the game so epic?
Well, I remember back when Hideo Kojima, he was all talking about how the
PS3 was the only system he wanted to be in because he wanted to be like a movie, basically.
And I don't know.
It kind of plays like a movie to me.
Here's my question, because you have the cutscenes, and we've heard a lot about the cutscenes,
and how they're very long, and how they're very epic.
How about the game itself, the actual game that you are playing?
I mean, is the game cool?
Well, what's it consider?
Is it like a...
What kind of game is it even consider?
It's like a strategy shooter or something like that?
A stealth action strategy game.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, I don't know.
Usually the games are kind of like that.
Like, I don't know.
All I can think of is like Rainbow Six, maybe.
But I got bored with Rainbow Six.
This I didn't.
I'm very into it.
Is it because the story really draws you in in a way that maybe Rainbow Six doesn't really
have quite the same epic cutscenes?
That has to be it.
Rainbow Six, the story was...
I don't know, bored me.
As I was saying earlier in the show, Kojima has always been a bit of a storyteller, even
in the NES days.
I mean, the very, very first Metal Gear game that was on the NES, or really, MSX, if you
want to go that far back, kind of had depth and story that not a lot of games at that
time had.
Quelltippo in chat says it's tactical espionage action.
I forgot that.
It even says it right there on the box.
That would be the genre the game fits into.
Okay, that's what I thought it was.
There you go.
All right.
All right.
And there's no guard humping in this one.
Well, Asif or anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
I got Mario Kart Wii, and I challenge you.
All right, we'll make it happen.
We'll have to set up a time.
I'll try to set up something in the forums this week, like a time.
Because Bobby Black Wolf wants to have a go at it, too.
So I'll try to set something up when we're both available.
All right.
All right.
We'll let you know.
Okay.
All right.
Later, buddy.
All right.
See you.
See you.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
This is Spazzinator.
Hey, Spazzinator.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I just want to kind of comment on two or three things, if I may.
Sure.
Yeah.
It's for your little rant about Nintendo earlier in Parday.
Uh-huh.
The only thing I'm going to say is right on.
In fact, I've been more or less boycotting up for the past 10 or 11 years.
I can't speak for everyone out there.
But personally, I feel that Nintendo really hasn't been pointing out anything for their
systems.
They've really been overly compelling, aside from maybe one or two titles for the past
couple systems.
And of course, Smash Brothers Brawl and whatnot notwithstanding.
But the last really truly system they really had was the Super Nintendo.
But granted, the N64 did have a few good games out there, like Goldeneye and whatnot.
But aside from that, ever since then, they've been going downhill ever since then.
You know, I've cooled off a little bit, since I got very hot-headed during Parday.
And I'm a little regretful that the actions of this guy at Nintendo of Europe kind of
hurts the company's image as a whole.
Right on down from the president, from Reggie Visa May, all the way down to the little people
that work at Nintendo that probably don't deserve a boycott or what have you.
But damn it, something has got to give.
And we have got to show that this guy is made of suck for making this statement.
Something beyond just a little apology needs to happen.
Because here's the thing.
And the reason why I said as part of my boycott that if Nintendo addresses it, I would be
OK with it.
And I would end my boycott is because if Nintendo were to address it, it would invalidate
everything this guy said about it being for geeks and otaku.
And this guy would look like a moron.
That's part of the reason why I said that I will forgive and forget if Nintendo will
say, look, we are going to do something about it.
And it's not just for geeks and otaku.
Yeah, well, that guy's comments kind of factors into my opinion that over the past few years,
you know, Nintendo has been getting like what I guess could be termed as like an overinflated
ego.
You know, they've been kind of like, I don't know if you want to call it ruffians or laurels
or whatever or things then.
But that's definitely prevalent on all sides of Nintendo.
Hold up.
Since Super Nintendo, you know, after Super Nintendo, Nintendo did not exactly enjoy world
success with the Nintendo 64 and the GameCube.
Granted, those systems weren't failure per se, but they weren't number one.
It doesn't matter.
They still think they're fucking cocky.
And we see it on the retail side.
We see it also on consumer side.
Unfortunately, it's just, you know, I don't know their mentality.
They have they control their market with the releasing of their systems and stuff like
that.
I'm pretty sure that there's some sort of shortage going around that's intentional.
I mean, I don't know, but, you know, at the same time, they're doing this stuff, you know,
with suing third party, you know, peripheral manufacturers and, you know, this stuff.
They all they have a schedule of how they're going to release this stuff and they're going
to slowly roll out stuff to keep people interested.
It's just like, you know, Wii Fit and stuff.
The Wii console people finally have it now and they're just like, hmm, how can we get
people interested in this console again like they were at launch?
Oh, I know.
Let's release Wii Fit now and make that fucking hard to find.
There you go.
And now it's, you know, all coming around again.
And watch when Wii Sports 2 comes out.
Here we go again.
It's just going to be, you know, a constant cycle.
They're going to slowly roll out stuff that they should have rolled out at launch throughout
the lifetime of this console.
Somebody needs to tell Nintendo, I made you and I can break you just as easily.
So much to tell Nintendo that people are going to stop waiting for stuff to happen and they're
going to move on.
Because they may buy your console, but they're not going to buy any of your games or buy
your virtual console stuff.
I mean, sure, they've made a little bit of money off of people from buying the console.
I can't imagine that they're making a ton of money on each console sales.
But, you know, if people are just staying there and playing Wii Sports and then say,
ah, forget this online stuff, it's not happening and I can't, you know, find space to save
my games and stuff and have to re-download them later.
And people are just going to get confused and get overwhelmed by it and they're just
going to say, forget it.
I don't want to, I'm not going to do that.
And it sucks because the people that are actually supporting them and utilizing this stuff,
they're just saying, ah, you're not important.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't get me wrong, you know, at least way back in the day, I used to be a really big
Nintendo fanboy and whatnot.
But, you know, once I started realizing that, you know, starting with N64, you know, relatively
few games were coming out that I was particularly interested in, I kind of started, you know,
fully, partially moving over to the Sony camp.
And I've been with Sony now for, you know, ever since, like, roughly when Final Fantasy
VII came out.
Here's the thing, and, you know, in reference to kind of like what I said and stuff, is
that, you know, I'm a Nintendo fanboy too, and this is what kind of stinks about the
whole thing is that, you know, I've been so supportive of the Nintendo Wii and I've spent
a lot, a lot of money on those virtual console downloads to kind of have this happen, sucks.
So it's not about what, and if you're thinking I'm overreacting just because I was called
the geek, you're not really hearing what I'm saying.
I'm saying that why would Nintendo dismiss the people that have been supporting them
like this?
That's what sucks about it.
So, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I kind of, you know, you know, felt the same way, you know,
when, you know, you know, going years back, not because, you know, they make comments,
you know, you know, but because they weren't really keeping up with the times and they
weren't, you know, their games weren't really going up with the people that have been supporting
them since way back when, you know.
Obviously, you know, the people that grew up with the original NES or SNES, eventually
their, you know, taste and games were going to change and, you know, their selection of
games, you know, didn't really change with the times, you know.
All right, Spaznator, we've got to let you go so we can get to at least one more call,
but thank you so much for your call and take care, okay?
All right, you too.
All right, bye-bye.
All right, one more call.
Boy, we didn't even have to wait.
They're just calling in back to back tonight.
I feel popular.
Hi, you're on Orange Lodge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma, what's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, a lot of things.
So what's this?
Wait, wait, wait.
First thing I want to ask, you're coming out here in like two weeks, right?
Yes.
Okay, and you said something about you're going to fix our Justin TV cam when you're
here?
I'm going to do my best.
I am very technically inclined.
All right, Loki thinks he can do it, too.
So between the two of y'all, I think we're going to have a high-tech studio by the time
the 4th of July rolls around.
All right, you can talk about whatever you want to do now, sorry.
Kill, kill.
Couple of things.
Ask for the guy from Nintendo of Europe by this comment, am I the only one that doesn't
give two shits about what the hell he said?
Well, here's the thing.
I don't care.
Look, I get called a geek.
I say thanks, you know?
I don't, being a geek is not a bad thing, but it's the fact that he was, and I think
Jamie kind of referenced this, he was using these things as a derogatory thing.
So he's basically saying, well, we're not going to put something out because we don't
really care about the people who want this.
And it's kind of like, well, F you, because if I've spent $100 on all these different
virtual console games I filled up and I was planning on spending even more, then if I'm
just boo-boo to you, then forget it.
I'm not going to spend any more money.
Well, the proper thing to say would have been, Nintendo understands that this is definitely
a problem and we are addressing it and we are working towards fixing said problem.
Or just say, he could have just said, unfortunately, at this time, Nintendo has no fix for this.
He could have given the same BS, the same line we've heard from Nintendo time and time
again.
Unfortunately, at this time, folks will have to delete the game and they can always re-download
it for free.
He could have given that same line and I wouldn't have cared.
I would have still thought Nintendo probably needs to address their storage issue at some
point, but I wouldn't have cared.
But the fact that he had to be so standoffish about it just sucks.
And why would you put someone like that in as your freaking VP of marketing?
I mean, that's the part that appalls me.
So they promote with him.
Well, that's what it sounds like.
Right.
And Game Guru says, and Awada actually did say that, Rob, and I have nothing but nice
things to say about Awada.
I have nothing but I am a Nintendo fan boy.
The man's done a lot and I'm fine with that line because I understand they're dancing
around the fact that their system has limitations and that's the PC thing to say.
But for this guy to come out with guns ablaze and is like, whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, you
want to pick a fight?
You want to pick a fight?
Sounds like the guy was PMSing.
Seriously.
Yes.
I've had no more Nintendo talk.
Seriously, I'm done with it.
So what else is on your mind?
I remember growing up that arcades were the shit.
I remember growing up, my aunt would take me to this space called Nathan's.
You go inside.
It was like heaven.
Hunt is like 50, 60 different kinds of arcades you can play.
And that's why I first got my hands on Final Fight and fell in love with Capcom right there.
And nowadays it's like you go into like a little rinky dink sports center where they
have hockey, ice skating, you go upstairs as a concession stand, you go around the corner,
there's three arcade machines and a bootleg Cuzar.
The place I remember was a little place called Nickel Mania where you would pay $2.50 to
get in and then all the games ran on nickels.
It was awesome.
That's like the first place I ever played Mortal Combat.
That's cool.
Sadly, it's no more.
You know what?
When you make your visit out here.
Yeah, we're going to have to.
We're going to have to take you to Roseville Golf Land because that's really one of the
last actual arcades that I'm glad you didn't throwing good in there.
It's it's what we got.
I think that's I think that's a good way to pray.
It's what we got.
I went to Scandi and he said that it's just completely.
Yes, yeah.
Well, Scandi and Scandi is just confused on what it's trying to be anyways.
But, you know, we might have to we have to actually might have to take a trip to Milpitas
Golf Land because that one's still fairly decent.
Yeah, Milpitas and Sunnyvale are still OK, even.
But you notice it's Sunnyvale also has the test machines, though.
But slowly that stuff's been going out and Flaming Fingers been coming in.
Not that Flaming Fingers a bad thing, but too much of it is.
What about the jump rope game again?
Something we're going to have to go also go to John's incredibly mediocre pizza.
Oh, we do need to go to John's incredibly shitty pizza.
You haven't still haven't sent me a certain email, sir.
I did.
You did it just now.
OK.
No, like earlier last week.
But God damn it.
Y'all make me want to hop on a plane to come tonight.
The problem is that your airline is trying to make me sign up for some mailing list so
that I can actually see the email.
So I just need a copy paste.
No problem.
I'll resend it out.
Thank you.
All right, Rama, quickly, anything else before we end the show?
No, that's it.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Rob D says too much of the Flaming Finger is a bad thing.
Let me clarify my statement.
Too much of the Flaming Finger requires soothing action.
There's nothing wrong with a little Flaming Finger here and there.
But you don't want to OD on Flaming Finger.
You need to mix it up a little bit.
All right, forget it.
That's going to do it for phone calls tonight.
Thank you guys for calling in.
If you didn't get through, so sorry.
But send us an email or try again next week.
Or you can always leave a voicemail.
We'll catch up.
I've got voicemails we got to play.
We'll try to catch up on those in a future week.
For now, we got to wrap it up.
But not until we do some last minute stories of which I'm sure Loki has some.
Loki?
Yeah, I've just been going over the stuff that we didn't talk about.
Part of the big leak list that we talked about in part A.
Here's another game.
I don't know what it's called.
But it's basically Dr. Octopus and Magneto have joined forces to create the most dangerous
alliance in the world ever known.
And Spider-Man must team up with the X-Men to stop them.
Choose two heroes to fight side by side across multiple levels spanning the globe from Manhattan
to the Savage Lands.
Pick Spidey or one of the dozen X-Men such as Wolverine, Cyclops, or Storm where it pays
off to select different characters depending on the enemies you face or unique game environments
you are in.
Earn upgrades for each character you use.
Experience unique combos specific to tube.
Are they just reusing the Marvel Ultimate Alliance engine like over and over and over
again?
I mean seriously.
Or I should say X-Men Legends engine.
All right.
Anyways, let's see what else here.
We've got some more stuff coming from this big leak list here including...
Oh, we talked about all this stuff.
They have the Mensa workout.
I guess it's gonna be another brain training game for the Wii.
And I don't know how Extreme Makeover Home Edition is gonna be any fun.
We'll see.
There was a game I had on the Commodore 64 called like Dream House or something like
that and pretty much all you did is you went through the house and you could paint all
the like you could paint the ceiling and the walls a different color one of 16 colors because
you know Commodore 64 was cutting edge and then you could put furniture in the house
too.
And but you were only limited to like eight pieces of furniture in a room because you
know there's all those limitations on the 64.
I hope that God was like half these games are fake or not really fake but just like
concepts that are never gonna come to you know in the past because if that's the case
there's gonna be like 20 Spider-Man games coming out between now and like probably a
couple years from now.
Including Spider-Man Agile Warrior where it lets players control Spider or Spider-Man
with the Wii balance board.
There's Spider-Man Hero Evolved for the Xbox 360, PS3, and Wii.
Replay as the son of Spider-Man in 2064 using spider powers and future check to battle
villains.
There's Spider-Man New Heights for the 360, PS3, and the Wii.
Upgrade Spidey's abilities as he moves from battling low-level gangs to famous foes in
the New York skyline.
Spider-Man Gangs of New York.
Okay seriously uh gangs take over the whole city and Spider-Man must pit them against
each other.
Spider-Man Adaption.
Spidey travels all over the globe from Tokyo to Paris to Moscow to take out foes.
Marvel Team-Up.
Spider-Man meets X-Men.
I think that was the one that I was talking about earlier.
Spider-Man Contest of Champions 360, PS3, and Wii.
Destructible fighter for two to four players with Spider-Man, Venom, Wolverine, Electro,
Doc Oc, Carnage, and the Green Goblin.
Spider-Man Mass Evolution for all three systems.
Spidey skills from strength to speed to Spidey sense are upgradable as you play.
Spider-Man Chaos for all three systems.
Spidey has eight hours of frenetic action to save the safe from certain doom.
Spider-Man Tactics, a stealthy and strategic Spidey game.
Spider-Man Vision, first and third person gameplay Spidey style.
Spider-Man vs. Marvel Zombies.
Spider-Man Webmaster for the Wii, a web shooting game for a third person action.
Spider-Man Web Slinger, use precision web aiming to target enemies building or build
web slingshots and snipe enemies.
I think some of those are all like ideas but aren't going to come out because that'd be
way too much.
The avatars, one of the things that people noticed, there were some licensed things with
them as well so maybe some licensed clothing stuff you'll be able to get it because they
had one of them with an Incredibles t-shirt.
Sounds kind of neat.
Let's see here.
Oh, Ultimate Band.
They're going to be doing an Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 version apparently of the game
and it will be to, I'm sure, Rob's enjoyment, compatible with Rock Band instruments.
Thank God.
And the Wii U version, of course, does not have instruments at all.
And it's actually got a video out there for it too on how you play.
It's kind of interesting.
Let's see here.
Then there was also one of the things was the SBGs, which is server-based gaming, and
apparently it's going to be like a social networking blade or something like that that
allow you to play games from game shows like Jeopardy, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, and
other things like that.
So that's kind of interesting.
And finally, Powers and Titans, which is a multiplayer superhero game that's apparently
going to be something that Joss Whedon is going to be a part of.
Woohoo!
So I don't know what exactly that is, but probably some sort of superhero game.
Actually, I'm mad at him.
Why?
Why?
For the end of Astonishing X-Men.
Okay.
I think you'll get over it.
Oh, no.
You don't.
That.
No.
And finally, in unrelated news, you may remember the Wii Fit girl who's been kind of floating
around, she had the YouTube video where she shook her ass while playing Wii Fit.
Yes.
Well, Playboy's Joe Garcia has put out her own videos that are a little bit more seductive,
also her playing Wii Fit as well.
Trying to cash in on that.
Nice.
Well, you know we've moved into a new generation where people are trying to cash in on other
people's YouTube videos.
It's amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
Yeah, so all right, awesome, and it'll be interesting.
Logie will review those videos next week on the show.
I don't know if there's...
Well, it didn't look that interesting.
I mean, she didn't look that interesting.
She doesn't get naked, okay?
I mean, this is a Playboy little pictorial thing that she does not get naked.
I do not approve of that.
Fine.
But I do approve of people, you know, taking it to the next step.
All right.
To which I say, Wii Fit girl, you're a rebuttal.
If that's going to do it for our last minute stories tonight, I guess we're going to go
ahead and wrap up the show and bring another week of Orange Lounge Radio to a close.
Next week on Orange Lounge Radio, our sixth anniversary show, if you can believe it.
But nothing too special going on.
Same old shit we always do.
Hopefully some guests.
I know...
No one's made any suggestions.
Mieglatov will be here next week.
I should get my husband here.
So we'll at least have him.
I was trying, by the way, I was trying to get one story we didn't get to tonight.
I don't know if you read this.
Did you read on the gaming blogs this week about that lady who's running for state senate
in Connecticut and how it's like this big deal, like, oh, politicians getting into games
because she has a level 70 in World of Warcraft.
Did you see that story?
Yeah, I think it was last week.
Wasn't it fun?
I don't know if you thought of this, but didn't like the minute I read that, I'm like, what's
the big freaking deal?
Like my boyfriend ran for state senate in 2006 and he has two level 70s in Warcraft.
I was actually trying to get him to come to the show tonight, but he didn't want to.
He didn't.
I don't know what he'd say.
He was like, I don't know if I come up.
He's like, what would I talk about if I went on your show?
I'm like, you play more World of Warcraft than I do.
You'd fit in.
Whenever you see a story like that, you just have to think of Austin Powers and Dr. Evil.
I'm hip.
I'm cool.
Yeah, but I'm just saying, you know what?
Politicians come in all different flavors, just like regular.
Why does it matter what your job is and what you like to do in your spare time?
For who the hell cares and what relevance does your gaming life have on your political
views?
Well, wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
To be fair.
The reason why I think it was going around is because, you know, there's been a lot of
negative political, like, you know, all these politicians are trying to ban games.
All these politicians are, you know, putting into place these, you know, that, you know,
all these violent video games are going to be banned or games are like porn and all this
stuff.
So it was a little refreshing to hear of a politician who's like, yeah, I play World
of Warcraft.
So well, I was just thinking she's not the first.
But I just don't see what, you know, what you like to do as a hobby unless, you know,
you like to, you know, skin kittens in your backyard or something as a hobby.
No, you know, but you play, you play video game.
What's the problem?
Who cares?
I don't know.
You know why it's like, you know, I don't care what people's bedroom habits are.
I don't care what their gaming habits are.
You know, as long as they're not hurting anybody, what does it matter?
Right, right.
And people piss me off.
By the way, speaking of not caring about what goes on behind closed doors, I do want
to say, though, a very happy day tomorrow, Monday, June 15th and going on into June 16th
to all the new couples who will be getting married in California who finally, finally
have a quality.
It's it's it's so amazing.
I'm so happy to live in a state where that's going to only overrule it again.
You know what?
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Well, did you did you hear from Amanda about no capital open up now?
Did that actually happen?
I saw the website.
I know the friend was talking about opening one in the Castro.
Did that actually happen?
I think so.
Oh, my God.
We'll have to get a link from her.
Wow.
That's great if that actually happened, huh?
But you know what?
I honestly think that, you know, eventually and I think that more and more people are
realizing this, that what does it matter?
I mean, and personally, and I've had this discussion with other people before, I actually
think that marriage should not be a government institution.
You know what I mean?
Well, thankfully, and boy, we got off topic of video games.
That's all right.
They know.
That's all right.
Thankfully, it's a topic that's important to me.
So you know what?
Deal.
Thankfully, the youth of America does not have their head up their ass in this regard.
The majority in this regard.
Yeah, the majority.
And I still know it makes me very.
Yeah, there's always going to be somebody with their head up their ass, but it makes
me very hopeful for the future.
Yeah, very hopeful for the future.
All right.
I was going to say one thing.
I'm sorry.
I missed one last thing.
Yeah.
Confident.
This is actually coming from our friends over at Bawani Style.
Apparently, there was an MTV pack or an advertisement for rock band that they were showing a bunch
of songs kind of scrolling through the song list.
And lo and behold, there's a bunch of songs that haven't come out yet in there.
So four songs that they spotted on there.
The Aesthetics of Hate by Machine Head, Afterlife by Avenged Sevenfold, which I believe is coming
out this next week, Breed by Nirvana, and Burn by Nine Inch Nails.
Sweet.
Sounds like fun.
And I was going to say, I think there's a couple other stories that they had, too.
There was something about like new DDR or something like that.
It was a DDR fitness thing.
They had some details on Konami's website and stuff.
And then there's also some new rhythm game that's coming to the Xbox 360 that I don't
know what it really is yet.
Probably something that they're going to be announcing maybe at E3 or something like that.
Beat and Groovy, as it was called.
It's an E-rated Konami published title.
It says, from the sound of it, sounds like Konami's rhythm game, of course.
And it was found on the Australia's ratings board webpage.
And there is also another Xbox 360 titled Domino Master, which is supposed to be coming
to Xbox Live Arcade.
Wonder if that's Mr. Domino, because that'd be funny.
All right.
Now that we've had the last, last, last minute stories, let's go ahead and wrap up the show.
We got all the final thoughts.
We got the last, last minute story.
And you know Ultimate Band has Miley Cyrus in it, because it's a Disney title.
Oh my God.
So I was right.
It has Hannah Montana in it.
I have ESPN.
Isn't Dolly Parton our godmother?
I think so.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I like Dolly Parton.
I don't like Hannah Montana, but I like Dolly Parton.
All right.
All right.
Before we get out of here tonight, we have one more thing we wanted to play for you guys.
It came up in the email earlier.
It was what Katamari's Forever emailed us, right?
And sent us the parody of Still Alive, but it's featuring the OLR themed lyrics.
Yes.
So we're actually going to play that for the listeners before we sign off tonight.
So here it is.
And then we're going to be out of here.
So big thanks to Katamari's Forever and all the fans who got together to make the lyrics.
I can't wait to hear this.
Here you go.
Yes.
But is it a stereo?
That was a joke.
Haha.
No, no.
Jamie's eating a scummy, but then again it's lucky.
Look at us still singing with this used to be.
Told me I tore the heart, but inside here it's so clear.
Let this keep on the light.
Oh, OLR Sunday nights, it's Pacific night and we still have time.
And believe me, no 365.
I'm doing podcasts without 365.
We're here on August, not 365.
And while you're dying, we'll know it's 365.
Podcasts of the year we all gonna strive.
Gonna strive.
Gonna strive.
Yay, nice job Katamari's Forever.
That was very cool.
It was a little hard to hear the voice, but that's okay.
I think on headphones, it'll come out a lot better.
I think it'll be easier to hear on headphones, but nice job and very, very flattering, nevertheless.
So thank you very much for that.
And thank you to everybody who is involved with that.
Okay, now I think we can end the show.
So thank you very much for supporting independent podcasting as you always do.
Remember, if you like what you hear, please tell two friends about the program and help
spread the word because that's, you know, we don't have any big magazine or website backing
us.
So we rely on word of mouth to get the word out.
We do this for free because we heart you.
So we'll see you next week for our sixth anniversary show.
That's going to do it for another OLR.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
