Tonight, June 29, 2008, is the latest game in a popular series going 8-bit.
Diablo 3 is finally announced and we talk on air to Tommy Tallarico from Video Games
Live!
Hello, everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky if you talk to us online in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
But also joining us tonight, as always, the one, the only, the lovely, happiest bunny
on the farm, one and only, truly spectacular, dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
He's just trying to butter me up for something.
Can I have a dollar?
No.
I don't have a dollar.
You don't have a dollar.
No, I'm just kidding.
I don't know.
You can have some of my diet cherry Pepsi.
I'm in a festive mood tonight.
I don't know why.
You've been busy.
A busy boy.
I have been a very busy boy.
I was out of town most of the weekend.
I was marching in a big parade this morning.
I know what would make you cry.
What would make me cry?
You'll find out during what I've played this week.
Okay.
Well, we'll get to that in just a sec.
But I wouldn't be able to get to How Was Your Gaming Week if I wasn't able to introduce
the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I'm trying to figure out something that I was talking about before we started the show.
I can't remember the damn name of the game and it's bugging me.
What was it that we were talking about before the show?
We talked about a lot of things before the show.
I was saying that song should be in a side scrolling game.
I'm like the new Konami one.
I don't know the name of the game though.
Well, when you listen to us live on All Games Radio, which is where we tape our show live
Sunday nights.
We say we're a podcast, but really we're a live radio program because we have everything
going on with the chat room and the calls we'll get to later.
We play a little bit of live music that can't go to the podcast feed because it is copyright
and all that good stuff.
But we played a track by Akira Yomoka.
You know him from the dude that does all the music of Silent Hill.
He also contributes to one of our favorite gaming series ever, Beatmania 2DX, and that
particular track was from Beatmania Gold.
Playback Hate You was the name of that song.
And Loki was saying it's a pretty awesome song that should be in another game he was
thinking of.
There you have it.
All right.
Well, speaking of games, so we got a lot of gaming news tonight.
We got interview tonight.
Tommy Tallarico's here.
He's going to be joining us during part B, but first we got to start the show as we always
do with a little bit of how is your gaming week?
Dark Soccer, what'd you play this week?
I downloaded the, um, when we were at, uh, Weebie Toys, AKA Toys R Us, um, I downloaded
the Iron Man DS game demo and, um, it kind of sucked, but the controls were really cool.
I mean, the controls are kind of complicated, but they were pretty cool.
Okay.
So what, like, what are the controls kind of, can you describe it?
It's, well, you've got your, it actually moves up, left, down, right.
You know, just like any, you know, regular game doesn't do like flight commands, but
when you shoot and you touch the touch screen on your little radar pad and it controls the
direction you shoot.
So you could actually move your thumb all around and have them circle around and shoot
like that and still move in different directions.
So that part was cool and you pick up bombs and lock on, but it was fairly difficult from
the get go.
And honestly, that type of game needs a bigger screen.
So, uh, that didn't quite fly.
Okay.
Here's the game I was talking about.
It's Otomedius, which is a shooter game with, uh, cleavage heavy characters.
It's kind of a grottiest spinoff and it's in arcades in Japan right now.
And it's supposed to be coming to the Xbox 360 on September 25th in Japan.
All right, there you go.
So in high def on the 360.
Now comment from our chat room at chat.orangelandsradio.com.
This is J100 Matt going back to Iron Man says, and I thought Jamie was anti Tony Stark.
Only, only the, um, well, okay, I like the character.
I hate what a big dick he's been in the whole, you know, regular Marvel continuity, but I
like the character and the movie was pretty cool.
So the game, not nearly as cool as the movie.
No.
All right.
And I played imagine babies today.
I actually just gave it a try because my internet kept messing up.
So I was like, what's more torturous than not being able to go online?
Oh yeah.
Playing.
Imagine babies.
Hi.
That's me.
Glattov is appearing through the door.
He's going back to Kansas.
So he's waving goodbye forever, but, um, sorry, but it sucked.
I didn't want to wave the rattle at the stupid baby.
So um, wait, how does imagine babies works?
I picture it like Nintendogs the way you describe it.
Like instead of your friend and he's going to be your babysitting, um, instructor and
this woman comes by and by the way, it's like this funny cause she comes by, Oh, I usually
have granny babysit my babies, but you must be granny's granddaughter, but granny died.
So I'm like, what is this a stupid game?
It's for little children and I'm like, it's kind of cute, but I'm like, I don't want any
real children.
Why do I want fake children?
So because fake children, you can like do stuff too and CPS won't get called.
Don't let you do crap to them in the game.
You can't pick them up and throw them out the window.
Exactly.
You can't dangle them out the window.
All Michael Jackson's style in real life because that's wrong.
But in a video game you could do anything.
Well, at any rate, it sucked ass, um, and we moved to a new, uh, Ragnarok server because,
um, our old one, um, has sort of gone to shit.
Well that sucks.
I'm playing on void RO now.
They're pretty cool.
A lot cooler actually.
Very cool people run it.
So I, I'm done.
All right.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
So, um, left my ass off watching Dan play GTA four.
It was pretty fun.
What was so funny that happened?
It was just him talking crap about the guy's cousin in the game and about how all he wants
is, uh, is a big American boobs or something.
Nice.
So that game's kind of, it's, it's, it bothers me sort of, you know, but it's like a train
wreck and it's kind of funny cause you know the real world.
like that. Right. So, it's hilarious. Fear the Claw in chat.orangelandtrader.com
says, if Imagine Babies is like Nintendogs, does that mean you can pet
them to make them happy? That would be creepy. You can wave a rattle at them.
It's like the first thing that has you do is this, it shows you the baby and
there's like this dark background with a patch of light and you have to wave the
rattle in that patch of light as it moves around and the closer you stay in
the middle of it the happier the baby gets or some shit. So, don't go towards
the light! I won't get paid if you die! Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was alright. I didn't get to play as much because I've been working on web
pages. Anyways, um, so I played lots of Grand Theft Auto IV, as usual. Still
fascinated by the stupid swing set. That's what we do during lunch now. That
and fire rockets at each other with friendly fire turned off so that we just
fly into the air and just take damage from the impact. I don't know, we're
easily amused. And then I also played over here actually the other day because
I got Rob a copy for his birthday and it's odd that I'm playing his copy of
the game before. I played mine, which I bought weeks ago, but Blastworks and we
actually played that a bit and that was funny because people are amused by it.
They're like, look at your ship! It's like taking up the whole screen! It was pretty
cool. I don't know. It's actually a pretty hard shooter. I had it on like
rookie, like the easiest setting. It was pretty fucking hard. So yeah, definitely
really cool. And I mean just with all the download content that's out there now
for it that people have made, it's nuts. The amount of stuff you can add to this
and completely change the game up. And you can also cheat really bad in it
because if you add your own custom ship you can change your bullet pattern to
like something absolutely crazy that just blows away the entire screen. And
Loki loves cheating! I do. And then I'm trying to think if I played anything
else. I don't think I did. I checked out, actually I checked out that uh, I don't
remember what it's called now. It's like some cooking guy can't decide what to eat or
whatever. It's alright. It's you know kind of a neat concept. Not really a game but
just you know recipe book. It teaches you how to do different you know techniques
and stuff and there's a lot of video and stuff in there. And plus you can make
your own shopping lists and stuff like that. So it's neat. I don't know. Not some
the recipes were kind of limited. I wish you could add your own. But I don't know.
It's it's a neat idea. It's something that needs to be done over here I think.
Although there was that Gourmet Chef game that came out over here. I don't
know what that is though. Lots of cooking games getting popular over here. You know
I was watching Hell's Kitchen very randomly the other day and there's a
Hell's Kitchen game they keep advertising during the show and I'm like
that can't be fun. That's a web game. It can't be fun. The real game is coming out
in September. Oh God. But the whole point of that show is to watch that guy say
fucking shit to all his you know chefs. I think. Break them. I think that game is
gonna be like those cafe games or like diner dash. I think it's
gonna be similar to that. Which kind of sucks if it's similar to that. It should be
just like kind of American Idol. What American Idol is the karaoke revolution.
You know where they berate you for sucking. That's what should be like
cookie mama but instead of mama will fix it. You're fucking lame! You suck! Take
this game back to the store cuz you suck! I'm coming to your house and killing you
and your family! Get out of my face! Fuck off! Yeah that's how that's how they show
us. That might be awesome. Anything else for your gaming week? No that's it. My
gaming week as Loki mentioned my birthday was this week yay and I got a
copy of blast works for my birthday and we were playing that a little bit the
other day and I I think it's kind of cute I like it it is a very hard shooter
at first but kind of once you get the hang of it I you have to there's a
certain delicate balance to it because you know you've probably heard this game
by now is based on Tamiki fighters right and basically like imagine katamari
damashi meets a shooter game as you destroy ships you can run over them and
attach them to your ship so as you can imagine the ship gets quite huge well
the trick is having to balance using the collapse button because there's a button
you can press that will collapse everything and make your ship very tiny
once again but if you do that then you can't add anything new to your ship so
there's a very delicate balance between you know collapsing and and all that
stuff that you have to do to kind of make your ship awesome but it's very
amusing I enjoyed that game I'm looking forward to seeing some of the custom
content because I haven't really dug into the game past a single-player
campaign so hopefully more on that in the future I was feeling a little bit
retro this week and it'll probably be explained why when we get into the news
a little later but I decided to go pick up an old GameCube game the Mega Man
anniversary collection I wanted to pick up because I was suddenly getting a
hankering for playing Mega Man again and I'm sure it's you we getting tonight's
news you'll understand why if you haven't already heard now I know there's
a lot of people that talk smack about the GameCube version of Mega Man
anniversary collection because the buttons are switched and you can't
really turn them you can't turn them around very easily but look let me put
it this way it cost me six bucks so it's hard to complain with that and I'm
having fun it's it's the old Mega Man games all over again I was playing a
little bit of Mega Man 8 because the anime scenes and Mega Man 8 are so
crappy and the voiceovers and stuff like I laugh every time it's awesome but I
want to go back and play the old-school Mega Man's too because you know they're
all there it's like Mega Man's one through eight and then the fighting
games you unlock too so the fighting games are kind of lame I got my work cut
out for me yeah I mean I've played them before on maim and I think they're on
game tap question mark I think they're on there I don't ever but I've
definitely played them before and they're okay oh they're on the um I
played them in the arcade because they're on the Ultra Kade even though
they were never released here they're on Ultra Kade like years ago I played it on
there so there you go that was pretty much my gaming week I didn't play a
whole lot else Wow guitar hero like I had to play the new Warcraft song I
don't know if that's in the news tonight so we'll get to that later and all that
it's good times so speaking of gaming news we'll get to that in just a moment
first some quick housekeeping all games comm is currently down from what I
understand there was a virus something that hit the server computer I don't
know the details because I'm not much of a tech person obviously if you're
listening live tonight then you figured out that you can go to all games radio
comm to listen to us or you probably have the URL of the feed saved in iTunes
or what have you so it's made it very easy to listen to show I'm told all
games comm will be back very soon probably by the time most people are
hearing this podcast so no worries there just so you know if you always want to
follow what's going on with orange launch radio and if there's ever like
weird things like that like maybe you're listening this on podcast because you
tried to listen to us tonight you can figure out where we went we always post
updates on myspace and live journal and our communities there so if you want to
join our live journal orange lounge is our live journal community and on
myspace we are orange launch radio we also have a Facebook I'm really horrible
updating Facebook because every time I log into Facebook I have like 150
different crappy applications that are trying to say you know hey so-and-so is
think she would be compatible and should go on a date that is like I already am
dating somebody or so-and-so wants you to play Scrabble with them or so-and-so
once you take this quiz and I'm so freaking sick of all that shit I don't
ever go to Facebook but it's there we do have a Facebook community there you have
it that's it other things coming soon I can't talk about them but we're working
on stuff soon I know what how descriptive huh I'm trying to build
excitement things things are happening at some point so all right
penny arcade Expo I'm going I know I'm going dark Sakura might be going might
big my high Loki however will not be going probably not because of the wife
yeah all right I I don't know if I could swing that all right we'll see so
hopefully we'll have some represent I know at least I will be there come hell
or high water hopefully two out of three so I had to swing the my company is
doing a their national sales meeting in San Francisco this year we're staying at
the the Argonaut I think is what it's called it's right there off right near
Pier 39 so I had the swing you know going to that because I want free stuff
there are going to be crap loads of all games radio people at PAX this year from
what I understand I know DMN our buddy who's on under station live now is going
to be there I know Bobby Blackwell's going I'm sure folks from AGI are gonna
be there I'm sure Scott's gonna be there I hear Kirk Hopkins coming in from the
UK and those are just the people I talk to semi regularly I don't even yeah from
the other shows I'm sure there's gonna be even more I there will inevitably be
a get-together of some sort I'm sure yeah I wish I could go but I don't know
if I can and we'll bring cider for you we'll see with alcohol and cider for me
and the kids all right anyhow so we'll like more details on that as packs
approaches let's get into some gaming news I want to Oh Bobby Blackwell says
Scott is actually not going to be there because he's at Burning Man okay wait a
minute he's passing up packs to go run naked in the desert come on lame actually
it does sound kind of fun I don't know burning blowing stuff I was pretty fun
no actually Burning Man does sound kind of cool I think that's one of the things
I want to do at some point before I die is go to burning man at least once even
though me plus Sun equals not good like I get all gross and my skin doesn't yeah
I'd like it was a redhead let's say redheads don't do well in Sun so he
starts to melt I understand that if I went to Burning Man I think I could only
go for like a day so there you go all right all right let's get into the news
and the beat the big exciting thing I was alluding to earlier that made me all
retro this week right Logie yes definitely according to the brand new
issue of Nintendo Power Mega Man 9 is set to come to the Nintendo WiiWare
service and the best part about it is it's gonna be an old-school 2d and it's
a kind of like the traditional Mega Man games with actually the retro graphics
so it looks like something that could have been you know almost like a Mega
Man you know for something like that you know or Mega Man 3 very like NES but you
know better color palette type stuff so awesome and they had some screenshots
that like leaked out there I think scans from the issue but it looks cool very
cool and the first female boss robot yes they did had they did have a list of the
different bossmen that you'd be fighting now they have magma man galaxy man plug
man what does plug man plug curiosity concrete man and splash woman all right
making a splash the first female boss character although I think I heard I
don't know I might be getting missed next mixed up but I think in Japan one
of them was a woman in a pretty prior game and it got somehow switched on the
way over here to America I could be wrong on that don't call me on that but
I want to say somebody was telling me that but that's still what do you guys
think about this is interesting because Mega Man series is essentially taking a
step backwards but in a way it's a step forwards right it's awesome I think it's
a great idea mm-hmm they should do that for more stuff you know well they kind
of are I mean look at bionic commando rearmed you know it's not exactly as
old-school as like you know Mega Man as far as the way they're doing it but you
know same type of thing it's a 2d game I I don't you know they kind of forget
that a lot of times even though we do have the technology to do 3d games and
stuff you don't always have to do that amen what do you think our soccer you
excited about this fairly so yeah I hear all the music's gonna be like 8-bit ish
and all that stuff it's gonna be great I don't know DJ Dark Knight in our chat
room might not agree a worst Mega Man boss names ever so he does nothing but
I'm thinking okay they're probably running out I mean they're on their
ninth game at like nine bosses a game so you know a lot of the good ones have
probably been used Tiger Claw says it's all about the nostalgia I kind of agree
it's it's an interesting thing they're tapping into there I just think it's
really kind of interesting that you know Mega Man 8 was on the PlayStation and
had you know a more advanced look for that time and had the anime clips and
everything it's very interesting that instead of Mega Man 9 being a follow-up
and evolving that they really took a step backwards to when Mega Man was at
its peak most people would tell you you know Mega Man 2 & 3 were probably the
peak of the series a lot of people would tell you you know I'm sure there's some
hardcore Mega Man people out there they're like no seven or five or
whatever but you know I think a lot of us fondly fondly remember two and three
so that's kind of interesting they're going back but I know I'm gonna check it
out because if it's retro hopefully that means it's cheap and I like cheap
probably not but I could see this being like ten bucks I would pay ten dollars
for it if it's decent because I'm thinking it's gonna be a little spiced
up it's not just gonna be strictly like I don't think it's something you could
dump on a Nintendo card and play I think there'll be some extra little things to
it I think it'd be cool I just hope there's I just hope there's room for it
on the Wii cuz here's my other problem is I still have the whole other issue
going on where I can't download anything to my Wii right now no matter how cool
this sounds so this is this is me being tempted right here but hopefully our
space concerns will be addressed soon so couple more weeks until our Wi-Fi fixed
so I can download so you can actually download a Wii games yeah there you go
telling you a castle crash or not castle crashes yeah that game is gonna be
awesome too but that defend your castle awesome WiiWare game
Sharon said chat says soon we're gonna have pencil man and cloth man hey I
don't know pencil man might be kind of funny like he shoots erasers oh it's
like okay they've got to always have a you know a villain that's you know fire
base so they're like running out of different words for fire in there like
magma man and you know fire man heat man hot man way go man way go man was cool
though he was like the coolest of the email is pretty cool I don't know I'm
old-school I like fire man I say they make a new mega man game just have all
of the different bosses in there like all of them and they have all their
levels and yeah just have like well not necessarily playing all the bosses but
just have all the levels from all the other games too so you can use that
something from that's what the anniversary collection should have been
you should use like you can use the weapons from like making man 8 and make
a man 1 and you know mix it all up that'd be awesome and ossifer makes the
mandatory booby man reference j-rod says toaster man there you go j-rod says
powdered toast man all right I was just thinking all right enough enough I do
not want the chat room filling up with blank man or whatever there all right
um no blank man was already done was there a blank man really there was a
blank man movie all right well guess what if you have been hiding under a
freaking rock this week I don't know if you heard but Diablo 3 was announced and
we're playing a little bit of it here in studio right now a clip of what this
game looks like and you know places thick with the stench of ghouls what can
I say it looks like Diablo 2 and Diablo 1 but like much prettier it's obvious
this this game has evolved quite a bit this game of course was unveiled at
blizzard's recent event over in France the worldwide invitational and tons of
stuff was leaked there was a trailer there's this 20-minute gameplay clip
we're looking at here in studio right now what do you guys think of Diablo 3
I know you guys don't play a whole lot of PC games but what do you guys think
that's pretty cool I'd have to check it out I mean I never played any of the
others but I've had this one I played a little bit of I think Diablo like back
in the day when I had to demo and stuff for it and it was fun it was one of
those games you could sit there and play for a while you level up some and then
stop and go back to it later it's kind of like the whole grinding part of World
of Warcraft except you don't actually have any well as far as I'm working
because I only played the demo like huge quests you have to go on it's just grind
grind grind grind grind oh look I'm super powerful now kill kill kill and
you do have quest but part of the really cool thing about the old Diablos is that
everything was randomized you know all the day by introducing a barbarian I'm
gonna turn that off because now the guy is talking about the barbarian class on
it um all the dungeons were randomized so it was like you were playing like a
new game every time that was kind of one of the cool things about it
Guild Wars does that but yeah that's true huh so very cool but you know I
don't know Diablos just different Diablos not really an MMO but it is
something you can experience with tons of other people which is kind of cool I
do like the four player co-op that they're gonna have in there oh yeah
because then Diablo to only go up to two player co-op I think thing I remember so
there you have it Diablo 3 officially announced this week and there's just
their stuff all over the internet on this if you want the official word
Diablo 3.com is where it's I just go to any blizzard site that whole splash
screen that was being teased all week long was there as far as when this comes
out who knows because we still have Starcraft 2 on the list we still have
wrath of the Lich King when sometime that's really SSJ 100 Matt says it'll
be on my Hanukkah list for 2011 it's probably not a bad bet I would say
maybe 2010 I think we'll get Starcraft 2 next year and probably Diablo 3 the year
after I think I think Diablo 3 probably come out around the same time as
Starcraft 2 I think you may have one in the fall one spring j-rod says Diablo
was cool until people started cheating to make their own loot and I hear that's
a real problem that played Diablo 2 on battle net this is why I don't like to
play games except with friends you know because I know that friends won't cheat
or olr listeners I don't know you know cheating sometimes it can be fun because
like with red alert command and conquer red alert I love that stuff man they
especially when you found out about the whole rules I and I file and you can
make your own units by like combining stuff that made the game even more fun
for me but it's like if you and I agree okay we're gonna play this game or you
cheat the hell out of it and just have fun with it that's one thing I mean
that's cool because we're both on the same page but you know if I've worked
really hard to like level this character and then some stranger pops in my room
and dumps all this shit in my you know thing that he's cheated to get or shown
off or whatever that's just dumb yeah I mean like what are you trying to prove
the sort of the problem that we had I guess at the last Ragnarok server we
were on that people were a sort of exploiting a little problem in there
duplicating items and things and messing up the economy and and as a result all
of us suffered for it you know so yeah cheaters suck I think that there's not
a bar is appropriate to be cheating yeah what Matt's talking about you know like
you know and what they do at work and everything when they're you know
whatever that's that's one thing is you all agree you're gonna cheat and the
whole point you're having fun with the exploits but you know these other
a-holes that come on and try to ruin other people's you know legit experiences
suck well I would say it's it's less of a cheat more of a mod because you're
just modifying the game and in order to play someone because this is back in the
day when I was playing someone red alert over you know a fucking modem so you
know we would share the same file back and forth and then basically play this
you know kind of hacked version on both computers which was pretty fun actually
especially with you know I made the super fast tanks and Einstein the shot
lightning and you know the suicide bombers and stuff like that that's great
looking in chat here hit stun says funny I play with olr listeners because they
hack just as much as I do well you know again if you all agree you're going to
hack then you know that's one thing but it's just when you try to kind of cross
the line there where you're an ass if you if you're trying to ruin other
people's experience so but that's I hey you know what Diablo 3 is definitely
this you think it's going to break the Diablo 2 record I want to say if I
remember right Diablo 2 has the best PC game launch ever even above World of
Warcraft it sold Diablo 2 sold like a million copies in its first week is
Diablo 3 gonna top that or is PC gaming dead I don't know I heard you know read
enough fangasming on my live journal to make me think that if that's just a
small portion of the community I think that it would be big I think it's
definitely any of Diablo 2 for running for its money and I don't think PC
gaming is dead I think that I think there's enough people I think gaming is
mapping here yeah I don't even think it's necessarily you know there's
certainly a hardcore audience very into PC gaming but I'll tell you what you
know love them or hate them whoever you are in the PC gaming community Blizzard
gets people to the PC you know with games like this and World of Warcraft
there's other games too I'm not just saying like only Blizzard but you know
they're they they get people excited about it that you know you only see that
level of excitement for things like Metal Gear Solid 4 and so on and so on
all right so Diablo 3 coming soon well going back to other Blizzard news there
you know there were some people who were afraid that Diablo 3 would steal
World of Warcraft players but Blizzard really isn't worried about that because
well the thing is they're actually just not concerned about losing the revenue
because if they go from one of their projects to another of their projects
they're still getting money from it but they said that it's not going to be as
big of a crossover between the communities because they're different
you know types of game but they do hope that plenty of the World of Warcraft
players would be interested in Diablo 3 I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of
people to play both but I think some I think a lot of people will take a siesta
from Warcraft for a little while to play Diablo 3 well either way Blizzard gets
their money yeah true then they'll get it twice because how many of those
people will actually let their accounts expire probably not a lot no probably
not because you know I can't because you know Irene might call me and be all Rob
Cara and I'm gonna have to drop Diablo 3 to go run Cara's and again so Curtis and
chat is addressing the whole issue about PC gaming and he says I have portal on
my PC because unfortunately I'm still stuck with a ps2 and can't afford next
gen which you know I think there's a lot of people still doing PC gaming because
of that but I gotta be honest I look at a game like Diablo 3 and I'm going I'm
probably gonna have to upgrade my computer in order to be able to play
that I don't know Blizzard sometimes pretty good at getting the tech
requirements pretty low but I'm a little worried I'm gonna have to upgrade the
computer to be able to play that so if you have upgrade the computer isn't that
just like you know my soul by a system but it's like buying a few systems yeah
but I understand that you know some people want to put it all I want you
know then invest all the money in your best machine I think that's the big
reason why there are a lot of people really into PC gaming yeah kind of the
same it's the same thing yet opposite for me because because I've upgraded my
system I have to buy more PC games because you know what's the point in
upgrading it that much to play games if you're not gonna play games on it so
well I I don't think Blizzard is really gonna be losing any Wow players to
Diablo I don't think Blizzard will really start losing Wow players until
other MMOs come out that really step up to challenge them which you know Age of
Conan is probably done better than most so far and there's others you know I
think Warhammer is gonna be coming soon I've heard a lot of buzz about that and
eventually Wow 2 or World of Starcraft which in five years is probably
inevitable so we'll see what they need is like world of dead or alive keep on
dreaming it got you man he he can do it one thing that's gonna be coming
hopefully pretty soon here and we've been hearing about this for a while now
is the trophy system for the PlayStation 3 kind of their answer to the
achievements that are on Xbox 360 well there are some pictures that have leaked
out supposedly of this trophy system they show that you're actually not gonna
have gamer points but they're gonna have different trophies available in bronze
silver gold and platinum and you're in the trophies and different ways
throughout the game and stuff there's also some interesting stuff they're
showing the in-game cross-media bar kind of showing how you can compare your
trophies with other people and you know kind of the same kind of stuff we've
come to take for granted with like the Xbox 360 where you can see who's online
your friends listen that kind of stuff so it's all supposed to come down in the
2.4 firmware so whenever the hell that comes out so basically it sounds like
the achievement system I don't know it kind of reminds me of like burnout you
know that's it we're like if you get a certain time you get a gold if you get a
certain you know higher time it's a silver and so on for a bronze they're
gonna have that type of well I think what's gonna be is lay some difficulty
for each trophy it's not going to be like you know I guess sort of like that
but you wouldn't be able to like say get golden and get all the trophies below it
it would be just like different things like finish level one bronze trophy
finish the game you know gold trophy or something like that gotcha I read you
some more comments from chat chat orange lunch radio.com live on this Sunday
night j-rod says trophies and achievements god no I can't juggle that
between two systems achievement whore also going back to the last story you
were joking that idagaki should get in on World of Warcraft because for some
reason idagaki has been like the big thing to talk about on shows lately and
I thought this comment was kind of funny from Amaze Satsuma he says doesn't
Conan equal world of dead or alive parts it is violent and there are you know
well-endowed women on there so possibly parts yeah parts all right well you know
all these games are pretty epic and there is another epic series that could
be getting some more epicness at e3 this year and that series is God of War and
you know you know it's inevitable that God of War 3 is going to come out
sometime for the PlayStation 3 but were you guys thinking that it might be this
soon well apparently one of the Eurogamer affiliates Eurogamer.pt has
run a report that God of War 3 is going to be shown at e3 this next month this
was from a Sony rep at the interactive digital I'm sorry interactive and
digital entertainment festival going on in Paris right now so even though this
is a rumor status I don't know this to me this is one of those rumors that yeah
you could probably bank on something like this I mean like even if even if
this site Eurogamer or whatever hadn't run this I would put my money on you
know God of War 3 is going to be announced eventually they're gonna
they're gonna have like some sort of trailer or something it could be just
all cutscene or whatever that says you know God of War 3 coming 2009 or
something like that you know well apparently rumors are already saying
that the launch is going to be next Christmas but some are actually saying
a more placeholder release of next March I kind of see this if a trailer is
unveiled which I don't see why it wouldn't be because this is one of Sony's
biggest franchises it's going to be in the vein of the early early Halo 3
trailers where it's going to show you like you know there's going to be some
epic music and then you know some girl talking like you know in a land far away
we need your help or whatever shit they're going to talk in the thing and
then you'll see suddenly at the very end of the trailer Kratos's face in HD and
it's going to be like oh my god and then God of War 3 2009 and that's going to be
it I mean you know it's kind of predictable at this point where then
again if it is Sony they could say it's coming out this Christmas and then just
keep pushing it back until it's the Christmas 2009 it is the Sony way isn't
it did you hear about the other rumor that they're saying that Kratos is gonna
be a hidden character in Soulcalibur 4 on the PlayStation 3 I had heard that I
think it was on the lineup for tonight but I got cut because we're gonna be
long otherwise but yeah I'd heard about that in that weird uh it'd be
interesting to be something that they could probably slip in there for e3 or
whatever since the game comes out a few weeks after that but I would think isn't
if that is true wouldn't wouldn't word of that already slipped out now not
really I mean look at the you know they've been announcing stuff each week
you know like a little tidbits you know doing different screens like they were
talking about the tag system that's supposedly in there now there's another
thing I saw the other day for the custom the character creator where you can
basically create they have someone made like a solid snake and then our old
snake basically and re are Ryu Ryu from Ninja Gaiden so if you're the claw and
Chad says that's three games in three years it's like Tony Hawk or Madden and
then I'm thinking wait a minute there's the PSP one but J rod jumps in and says
yeah but the PSP one doesn't count for most people I heard the PSP one was
actually pretty good I didn't play it myself I can see them probably in the
guy probably will port the PSP one to the PlayStation 2 before the third one
comes out hmm we'll see because they've been doing that quite often well I'm I
think it's inevitable God of War 3 at some point we'll just see if we get a
teaser at e3 or not well there is some other news that should probably be
pretty exciting I'm actually kind of exciting about exciting about it excited
about this is Nintendo Power put up an image of a photo taken of the
Castlevania game for Wii and it looks like a fighting game and not a
platformer but it said so far you should be able to well at least it's a it's a
rumored that you should be able to play Simon alucard
Shannoah Marie Renard and Dracula it do it better it better have Richter in it
that's all I'm saying but doesn't look like a it's like a fighting game it was
like a family so caliber is so so is this Konami's response to Soul Calibur
maybe gs68 calls it fightervania and then facepalms in our chat room it's
Castlevania judgment I think was the name of the name III I want I want to
play it here's here's my my quandary with this is that this looks like one of
those things that could be really really really freaking awesome or really
really really terrible you know what I mean like and I'm just kind of worried
it's going to be terrible but I have I hope I'm hopeful because these are some
great characters here and and shapely legs what do you think now here's the
thing aren't don't most of the Castlevania characters play kind of
similar like what's going to differentiate all these different
characters Richter had different moves remember he had the the backwards double
jump and he had no he had the well if you go by somebody in the night he had
like the double jump and then the the one where he leaps up and then the the
backflip that would let you go like an extra space and a half and like if you
put Maria and I don't know if she'd have her crybaby attack from when she was a
little girl I did see a screenshot that they had Maria in it yeah there's a
second screenshot that was floating around out there also you know what
would be kind of cool is if certain boss characters were kind of downgraded to
you know the playable fighters in this so you could like play as the grim
reaper or you could play as I don't know the vampire bat maybe not or Medusa or
you know some of those like old-school Castlevania bosses that might be kind of
fun and it's just me I think that'd be fun to play as like the grim reaper as a
character well or Dracula I would think that if Dracula is in a Dracula isn't it
as a boss bosses are always playable once you unlock them though they should
have they should have shaft the dark priest shaft so like and they're like
little text exchange should be like he's like yeah we hear your one bad and then
you shut your mouth I I hope that they have horrendous voice acting like the
old-school PlayStation Symphony of the night game that would rock I just think
that Simon had pretty hair in that one picture I imagine this is something that
will get a trailer of at e3 so hopefully we'll get a little more feeling about if
this is gonna suck or not I again I'm hopeful but it is one of those things
where it's like boy they could really screw this up if they wanted to so I I
hope they took the time to get it right we'll see yeah unfortunately can't see
that the track record for spin-off games have been that great for the like
especially on the Wii because I mean look look what they've done Soulcalibur
legends absolute shit there was well Mortal Kombat sort of did like a little
action game which wasn't that great the Shaolin monks but the Shaolin monks was
kind of cool but what sucked was that sub-zero mythologies game yeah those
games yeah Shaolin monks was alright what it was what was the Tekken game
Tekken oh the oh god there was the spin-off with Nina right there was death
by degrees yeah oh yeah that was shit guilty gear to overture it's alright but
it's kind of like 99 nights a bit and then trying to think there's another one
there but yeah it hasn't been that great so cross our fingers dark Tetsuya says I
want to play as grant from Castlevania 3 he could climb on the freaking walls
and ceiling I'll be kind of Japanese version instead of just stabbing with
the knife he actually threw knives see this a lot better these are the kind of
characters that need to be in the game you know and I have say you know we
might be talking negatively about this game already has a very cautious but by
all means please Konami prove us wrong make us eat our words please please feel
free you know what the graphics don't look that bad so if they want to do say
another 2d Castlevania game for the Wii which would be awesome they should do
that all right hey let's travel around the world and talk about some games
coming out a little sooner than e3 like this week yeah if only Castlevania
judgment we're coming out this week because this week sucks for game
releases isn't this usually a dead period though right before you get a lot
of little bit yeah so basically today you have guitar hero Aerosmith which I'm
sure a lot of people picked up other than today there's really a whole lot of
nothing elements on PC which is some puzzle game supreme ruler 2020 also
another PC game that's a strategy title let's see the immortals of Terra I have
no idea what that is journey to the center of the earth for the DS which is
based on the new movie that's coming out here they keep trailering like crazy one
versus 100 the only game with Bob Saget in it it's for the DS until they make a
full house game yes which will never happen
rugu on purely sorry about that I'm looking at a banner god damn these
banner ads that make noise I hate that anyways rugu on PC cool independent
games so that's worth checking out purpals on the Wii yet another cat
raising sim or cats raising you sim Gears of War the refresh as they're
calling it basically the re-release of Gears of War with some extra content and
a new price point of $39.99 that's on the 360 dakati moto on the DS motorcycle
racing game amf bullying pin busters that's on the DS as well hail to the
chimp on the ps3 the only game that's actually cool this week trauma center
under the knife to coming out for the DS and that's it
wow some comments from chat kdog 96 asks hasn't won versus 100 being canceled no
I know I think the show was oh the show show was but you know if they made the
game I think they're kind of stuck releasing it yeah the game has been
pushed back a while some comments on guitar hero Aerosmith dead man walking
in chat says guitar hero Aerosmith is awful j rod says guitar hero Aerosmith
has a great track list but I can't get myself to support Activision milking
that franchise you know there's a large part of me that really wants to get
guitar hero Aerosmith but I cannot justify $60 on it I just can't so I'm
hoping it comes down to price so you can complain at my house oh that's right
cuz Dan's gonna get it huh I mean it's a good thing that they're releasing you
know music games and stuff like that but I think more than one release years too
much even with DDR if they were releasing like two or three games a year
that would be overkill I think all right let's head on over to Japan and look at
some of the release dates over there and honestly guys not a whole lot coming out
in Japan this week it's a pretty slow week there is one big game coming out
though it's on the PlayStation 3 its initial D extreme stage so if you're a
fan of those initial D racing games this is a good week for you in Japan that
game is coming out on July the 3rd otherwise there are some price
reductions I mean chant arm is finally getting a price reduction on the
PlayStation 3 as well as ninja guidance Sigma and ranch and clank future so
there are some price reductions let's check out some of the other systems I
know there's nothing coming on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan on the Wii Akko
de Pon ikisama Horiyuki is coming out and Jawa mammoth toe hitsumu no ishi is
also coming out I have no idea what either of those games are but I'm
imagine Akko de Pon is probably some type of puzzle game if I'm not mistaken
yeah it looks like oh it's a board game so board game translation for the
Nintendo Wii probably not a game we really play here on this side of the
ocean I'm looking at the handheld system actually quickly looking at PlayStation
2 some other price reductions there also L no kitsu to invisible memories comes
out on the PlayStation 2 it has a limited edition as well it's an
adventure game can't tell much about this but it has school girls in it well
I could be anything exactly I could be anything seriously looking at the
handhelds because there's usually stuff on the Nintendo DS even in a slow
newsweek I don't see a lot of big game names here but I do show a game called
the nashi no gamae from Square Enix is coming out trying to figure out what
that game is action-adventure game gosh that box art makes it look like some
type of survival horror that might be kind of cool it probably is from Square
Enix that might be kind of neat actually pinky Street
Kira Kira music hour comes out from dimple entertainment this week on the
Nintendo DS and it does look like a music game it's a rhythm action game
based on a series of three touch band panels that you interact with while the
beat rolls by you use the Nintendo DS sideways with a touch panel on one side
for the game and the other side showing a full body view of your dancer and her
competition woohoo so it's like a dance music game and lastly on the PSP in
Japan this week we're gonna see if there's anything new Oh bleach heat the
soul for gets a price reduction and moves into best hits and the Namco
museum battle collection expands to an Asia wide release this week and not just
Japan more bleach I was gonna say I have a friend who's touring around in Japan
right now and he asked me if I wanted anything from Japan so I was gonna have
them pick me up a copy on PlayStation 3 of battle Fantasia nice which is that
really cool looking fighting game I wanted to play that one of my other
friends is planning on importing it so hopefully I get that and I can bring it
in and we can do it on Justin TV or some by the way in two weeks in Japan since
we were talking about God of War earlier God of War chains of Olympus finally
comes out in Japan on July 10th something to look forward to there there
you have it Japan release dates well for the UK there's a few things on the 30th
actually go view is coming out for PSP and then with the start of the month
we've got on the second Dance Dance Revolution hottest party on Wii Wolf of
the battlefield a commando 3 for PlayStation 3 on the third and then on
the fourth is Arkanoid DS space invaders extreme for DS and PSP The Incredible
Hulk on Wii and wall-e on damn near everything else and we love golf only
wait it's not dancing stage hottest party this is dance dance revolution
that's kind of strange okay surprise it because I thought they called it dancing
stage over there why is it that they call it dancing and stage over there
anyways evolution is a taboo term to use in marketing from what I understand
haha I know why and if I'm right also back in the 80s you actually couldn't
use ninja like for example Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was Teenage Mutant
Hero Turtles we got weird stuff over here too so you know like you know bag
is a cigarette over there but over here means something much different you know
what I mean there's there's little and a bundle of sticks yes that's funny
revolution hey anyways so there's some other stuff coming out a little bit
later than next week but being announced from Nintendo some pretty exciting stuff
actually a brand new Wario Land game which I believe we talked about this a
little bit at least at leaked out that was coming
Wario Land shake it which is gonna be kind of like imagine Super Paper Mario a
little bit it's a classic side-scrolling game that will probably have you shaking
the Wii remote for random things but you know is basically I guess your quest to
collect money you know which most Wario games are it seems like also there's
going to be Kirby Superstar Ultra which is a DS remake of the Super Nintendo
game interesting was that the one with like all the mini games in it it's also
got many games in it yeah Wow okay and there's also I had that game
mystery case files millionaire like air as in you know errors anyways and that
is a mystery game that I guess is a PC franchise that they're now bringing to
the DS so those let's see I believe the September 25th for Kirby Superstar Ultra
and 29th for September 29th for mystery case files millionaire and I want to say
that Wario Wario Land is around the 29th as well and then also there's Super
Mario sluggers coming out on the 29th of August if I remember correctly some of
the some part of that last week of August the Tuesday now what I think is
interesting about this list is that you know it's interesting that Nintendo is
announcing this ahead of e3 because it's usually a type of stuff you'd reveal at
e3 but then I noticed a couple things a that list ends in October so there are
November and December releases are still a question mark so there might be some
big bombshell in there and it doesn't really even end in October it ends yeah
basically at October yeah because it's all September stuff because I don't know
like you know Wario sounds kind of cool go Kirby sure it has a lot of diehard
fans but there's not really that OMG title you know there you know it's also
weird and I mean this is weird for Nintendo because Nintendo usually
releases their stuffs on their games on Sundays they're switching to Tuesdays
now so they're finally getting normal like everybody else
yes I guess good for them well you know switching over to the Xbox 360 for a
minute it's been speculated for a while that one of the things that they are
going to announce at e3 along with all that you know news that got leaked last
month or knows about two weeks ago was the price drop the Xbox 360 you know any
day now should be getting some type of price drop and it looks like it might
happen at e3 that they might walk out there on stage and they're gonna say we
are dropping the price of the Xbox 360 here's what happened to make us all
think that is that apparently a Kmart ad has leaked it's a Kmart ad that is
actually supposed to hit on July 6th and this ad shows that there is an Xbox 360
20 gig console meaning it comes with the hard drive to $99.99 is being advertised
as a new low price also supporting the fact that this ad is for the week of
July 6th you see a little box art for civilization revolution as a game that's
coming out that week that is a game that's scheduled to be out that week so
very interesting that this could be seeing a $50 price drop from the current
$349 that folks are paying for this system we don't know if it's arcade or
something new it could be a new skill if I remember correctly though it's not
actually the six it's for the 13th is when this at all oh yeah there's a
higher-res scan of this ad near the very bottom it says like oh seven one three
is the like ad cereal or whatever on the bottom there but did nobody shops at K
Mart I think I understand that but if this is true then you know people are
gonna price match and what have you you know I it's it's not they're not gonna
all of a sudden drop their systems down for you know whatever it says new low
price not saying you know on sale SSJ 100 Matt says Rob do we get a rock us to
caucus t-shirt with our purchase of 360 a part that possibly you know what I
want one of those shirts who knows you might be able to buy some mole if you
want to mold the Xbox 360 that's the thing if Kmart ends up selling these I
it's got it better be for an old skewer house Kmart gonna get rid of all the
360s have been sitting on their shelves since launch because nobody shops at K
Mart I didn't get a price matched all right it doesn't matter they get all
that stuff in the back I was gonna say about that whole July 16 the early rumor
said that that was the date but you're right e3 is actually the week is 4th of
July weekend hello they're not gonna do e3 then e3 is the week after so yeah
would make more sense if that was the July 13th yeah but even then Civ
Revolution is probably the only big title I can think big big title on the
Xbox 360 I'm thinking of in the next couple weeks yeah like this Don King
price fighter if you look you know and I don't even know why I looked at this
one I I was looking at this ad here they have a high res scan on joystick if you
look at the very bottom left-hand corner it says job number 713 so that's when
the ad is supposed to hit I have a feeling somebody else another retailer
will leak a very similar thing this week and that's when you know it's the real
deal I already I'm already on board saying it's the real deal I think I mean
look it was it last year with the whole I think the first price drop and also
there was the PlayStation 3 stuff too I think that there was some sort of price
drop or skew announcement or something like that right by that right so I think
it was the 80 gig or something well there you have it a price drop coming
soon so if you haven't bought an Xbox 360 yet and you want to and I say this
because we've had some mailbag people write us recently wondering if they
should take the plunge and get one out maybe you should wait now a couple weeks
before this price drop unless you go to a store that's going to honor because
sometimes stores like at the price changes within a month they will give
you a refund I would rather try not risk it and just you know buy it just wait a
few more weeks just wait a couple more weeks and I think you will be good so
and then you might have a reason to shop at Kmart a reason to shop it came pick
up some of that hip 80s fashion while you're there I have bought something at
Kmart would you buy I bought something at Kmart once in the past three years
and that's because they were the only place open on Thanksgiving I bought
cereal there why did you have to get cereal at Kmart it was the Kmart's right
around the corner from my house and they actually had cranberry remember they had
the diet cranberries here I missed all right like a month after it had been
discontinued I think you can still get crystal Pepsi at Kmart actually really
okay no I'm like funny story last night for no apparent reason we were just
coming back from dropping off my sister from we went and saw Wally so Nellie was
a little bit hungry and so we decided to go to the 24-hour Walmart and you know
we went in there buying okay we only need aluminum foil and like you know a
snack and then that's it we ended up walking out with like aluminum or not
even aluminum foil because we forgot to get that obviously but we walked out
like bagel bites and like clothes and random shit it's like what the hell
what is wrong with this I did buy something important there what I bought
flannel sheets for my massage class I Kmart yeah cuz it was convenient see for
me have the Martha Stewart sheets there though did you know that Wow Wow I
almost live literally next door to a freaking Walmart and I don't go there
unless I have to because it's scary yes did you see this oh right over there by
the freeway they are opening up a Hooters right by my house go do we
should do our olr 300 episode live at Hooters I'm serious well we'll have to
look into it if they're not eating hot wings cuz our hot wings tastes like shit
we'll have to see if they have the facilities for that and if they're not
gonna charge us too much but otherwise I kind of like that idea of doing our
300th episode live for mooders we'll have to see pk jr. 92 asks how is it
scary Rob the Walmart over here just it's it's there's always like people
outside asking for money and you know and when you walk in there it smells
like formaldehyde I have a good way to describe it what think of the oldest
Walmart in this in the south and then transpose it to California not quite as
bad the floors are at least white but the quality of consumer sadly I think
the Kmart locally here is a little bit more ahead of the times in the Walmart
next really really the only difference between Walmart's and Kmart's is Kmart
you have to step on the pad to open the door instead of you know the infrared
all right enough Kmart chat back to gaming news we gotta we gotta we have
Tommy is waiting to come on our show we gotta get to him okay well hey we've got
some other stuff that's that's a pretty crap news for our friends in the UK
they're supposed to introduce a dual rating system for rating games one
that's the if I'm right it's the PEG I and the other one then to go with the
BBFC and anyway they were talking about the games that were rated 12 plus or
above by the PEG I should also be rated by the BBFC the British Board of Film
Classification to also include you know that which right now they only rate the
the 15 and 18 but there's but Microsoft is actually saying that it's going to
make the games more expensive because they have to submit them through both
rating systems as well as delay their releases because they have to be
approved by both so in fact it's a pretty much quote this it was actually
said by Neil Thompson who was one of the executives there that quote we're
concerned with any measures that would mean this process is made more unwieldy
or incurs additional costs which have to be shared with the consumer so so that's
kind of crap don't you think yeah kind of sucks that they have to do too I mean
I understand why you just can't stick with one rating system I know right it's
basically like well we need to rate it too well no then just have them rate
everything you're the Peggy system I don't see why we can't do this in
America and why they can't do it everywhere else at whatever wherever has
a movie rating system apply it to the games or just yeah have an equivalent
well we don't need an ESRB if people can understand what movie ratings are about
then apply it to video games as well yeah so stupid I know but people are
even dumber than that so they won't understand oh well so yet another
Microsoft rumor we've got here and it's kind of interesting but then again the
source is not entirely credible so take this with a huge grain of salt anyways
this was apparently found from the 4chan forums which I know that probably
already wow that's the most respectable news source I've ever I know I know I
know but just just reporting it that's all there are two screenshots that
supposedly leaked from 4chan yeah I know it's weird
dubbed my gamer pad and it's basically kind of like Microsoft's version of home
it looks like you know they've got the avatars this one screenshot shows they
can invite friends you know change your wardrobe of furnishings etc and then you
know the logo for it looks like it's drawing like crayon I don't know so big
grain of salt definitely big grain of salt that but I don't think there's
really excuse me I don't think there's really an excuse me I'm choking go ahead
yeah so who knows I mean it it could be very well photoshopped but you know with
these kind of announcements that you would be been hearing and leaks and
stuff about you know their avatar system and stuff like that I could definitely
see them doing something like this you know I think in the minute you said I'm
trying to get the nicest way to say this but I can't really like think of
anything with a minute you said this news comes to us from the 4chan forums
like the biggest grain of salt fell from the head like the entire salt lake
dumped here in studio when he said that yeah I when I think news I think CNN and
MSNBC I don't think fortune well okay just saying in case it actually becomes
true yeah exactly I love this comment from j-rod and chat 4chan Photoshop
never I know I know but just saying you know just in case it's true you heard it
here first you heard it's not true you heard it on the Bobby Black Wolf show
getting Bobby commercial for us heart heart heart heart alright anyhow it's
time for us to do something here on olr we haven't done in a while that's dance
no we have a stupid award giveaway tonight and tonight it's not because of
any of the hideous shooting or anything thankfully but this is just no plain
stupidity the news comes to us from the New Haven Advocate and it is about the
Connecticut State Senator Gail Slosburg Gail Slosburg is looking for the rape
scene in Grand Theft Auto form and going to the actual news article here on New
Haven advocate.com she wants confirmation of the rumored rape scene
in Grand Theft Auto for she is unable though to reach that level of the game
could it possibly be because I don't know it doesn't exist but she's she's
not willing to believe that but she just doesn't believe it surely this is a
grant that surely there must be rape I'm basically she was that she was putting
out a request that someone proved to her that's not in there well that that's
often logic is that if you're innocent prove that there is no rape in your game
need I say more you're an idiot this is why politicians suck not all but most
like this one they suck once they get to a certain level yeah let us know when
you find that scene you know but the funny thing is is that she's going to be
going around forever and ever trying to find that scene and she never will so
heaven forbid she actually gets some work done oh speaking of Grand Theft Auto
for though I did see the most hilarious thing in that the lab dances what
they're hilarious so badly animated I was gonna say she's gonna find the lost
city of gold before she finds that rape scene in there maybe she can find a
balanced budget for the state of Connecticut I don't know I don't know if
they have the budget problems we do in California but if this were coming from
a California senator I would be going through the freaking roof because they
cannot balance a fucking budget in this state I would be I would be in the
middle of the roof right now it's in Connecticut do you really need to lower
yourself to Delaware's level I mean seriously all right you know what news
like this makes us a you know what fuck it it's the F use of the week
if you to me for using the wrong music tonight oh well bit of retroness for you
guys Jamie if you love um I have a few so I'll try to get through them as
quickly as possible if you to me for being so out of it that I made an error
in the email I won't elaborate more also if you to my body because I got really
sick on Thursday night well technically Friday morning with some pretty nasty
pain in my stomach I mean really bad and I'm not gonna go into details because it
was fairly disgusting but I ended up going into the doctor on Friday and
tested for a heptic ulcer and a few other stomach related problems and got
put on quite a number of drugs to help with digestive issues so and one of them
is addictive fun yeah I know I have to be very careful but and then I'm also
being treated for a sinus infection because we've had smoke all right pretty
bad awful smoke from the fire was it up in Placer County the fires are like all
over its surrounding fire there's fires up in the mountains Torino there's fires
up in the mountains to the bay there's fires up north and Chico I think there's
there's no fires in south and it's the only safe place head south we haven't
had any blue skies in a while we've had sort of a dusty brown color true story
if you go on to the Wii forecast channel at least yesterday it actually said haze
and it showed that disgusting brown colored cloud for our weather and that's
the first time I'd ever seen that in this area it was just nasty but the
thing is is that basically we've all been you know inhaling you know very
fine soot you know in our air and I'm not the only one a lot of people have
developed sinus infections just from the damage you know caused from inhaling
this day in and day out so if you do the fires even though I normally like fire
if you two fires on that scale Wow frisbee inactivated or active activated
in our Justin TV chat the weather function because you can type weather
and where we're at and the official weather on Justin TV says it's currently
83 degrees Fahrenheit conditions smoke yeah that's and today's actually a lot
prettier than it has been yes it today is a lot nicer but on top of that though
we've had some we've had cooler weather because of the phase however though at
the hottest part of the day it has trapped plenty of so and our hottest
part of the day is like was it three four o'clock about four yeah right when
the show starts about five so it's been on the not fun level and people have
been getting sick from it so big f you goes to the the fires and good luck to
the people who actually live in those areas yeah definitely I used to live up
in Chico where a lot of those fires are happening in that area and I know
friends of friends that have been affected and it just sucks there's no
there's no real other way to put it sucks I remember going to Julian which
is right outside San Diego up in the mountains after they had the big bad you
know but forest fires they are the mountains and seeing what happened to
one of the mountain towns it was just gone see foundations traffic whole place
is gone so so having seen you know what happens right after the fire just hope
that everyone comes to it okay all right well that is it for your refuse we'll go
to Loki I love that shit check on my SSJ 100 that says when Mortal Kombat
characters are your weather there's something fucked up shut up wait up zero
smoke rain trains not that bad today's forecast is nukes I bought I guess f you
um I really think if you come up buying this year but f you to be safe and same
fireworks each year they get worse and worse safe and lame safe and lame yeah
this year this year Arnold is basically don't buy them and so you know one's
supposed to buy them because apparently according to him anyone that sets off
fireworks immediately sets off forest fires you know because they're like
Loki you've seen these people I've seen these people there are people that are
like butter there are those people listen the Arnold because they're gonna
be like alright listen in that European I'll do what I want
American right bear firearms and fires part of that so I was gonna fire a gun
for the 4th of July yeah fire guns in the air and said no I'm so don't that's
really dangerous don't do that actually I want no one can get killed by that
they did it miss buster it happened or whatever anyway so um yeah if you that
because it sucks so instead we're gonna play video games is that every every
week yes yeah make me make mine fast because it's almost over if you do the
fact that when I went to Great America the best ride at all of Great America
was fucking closed on my birthday and that would be top gun oh excuse me
flight deck because they lost all the licensing but I would like to point out
the survivor ride is still cool and I rode in vertigo for the first time and
you know why they call that right in vertigo because it hurts your stomach
by the time you're off of it I thought I was gonna hurl you have to go yeah then
I thought I was gonna like people but my pants but I got to write the demon like
three times in a row because there was no lines on Thursday was awesome the
demon is like the best ride ever next to next to top gun flight deck what the
fuck ever it's called and then the other if you would go to the fires here which
suck and that's all I can think of right now so that's it that's gonna do it for
the F use the week we almost ran out of music we almost ran out of music I had
to cut it short well we have some other music right now we have to get to and
that's our mailbag every week you email us at mailbag at orange lounge radio
dot-com and dark Sakura dives in headfirst in the email bag and pulls out
some of her favorite emails and reads them for you live on air so dark Sakura
who's emailing us tonight you gotta okay this is from Oscar it just came in hi
LLR well hi sky because this question is for him goodie Rob you said that you
only have two songs that you like and in the groove what songs are they
personally my favorite song from that game is do you love me thanks Oscar my
two favorite songs in in the groove actually there would be three because I
kind of like lemmings on the run and then outside of that I like the bonsai
songs I like zodiac and I like and Anubis that's it I like the gypsy with
that that's it I I'm just not big on the in the groove music sorry some of its
okay like I like the Shusha song cuz it makes me think of Telemundo anyway that's
really it well next email dun dun dun hey olr been listening for two years now
big fan listening to episode 284 part a y'all are talking about Gradius five I
got a suggestion for an old updated shooter 19xx insert subtitle here put
out by Capcom its sequel to 1942 and 1943 and this time with weapon powerups
akin to what you'd see in space shooters and then addressed to me a classic game
of the week it's from Richard and I love the 19xx series and I would love to see
an updated one seriously that would be so sweet am I crazy I thought I saw one
was in planning I don't have a remake of 1942 coming out to Xbox Live Arcade I
thought I had heard something about one of the 19 something-something games
being remade or something was happening so you might get your wish sooner sooner
than you thought and next step and this comes from I'm just going to say from
Peter would a takeover by EA of take to be good for the gaming industry
consider 2k sports and the GTA franchise a lot is at stake I personally prefer a
takeover then for EA to spin off rockstar I like this you know even though
I'm not much of a sports game player I don't think it's a good idea to have 2k
sports in EA your two biggest sports game makers in the same roof I just
think that's kind of a bad idea that monopolize the market yeah you know as
far as the rest of it goes you know I don't know enough about the inner
workings of the game industry and how you know how much freedom the current
teams would have to continue to develop their products if this happened but that
would be my number one concern would be the monopoly of the sports games and
that there's really no one else who is wanting to step up and challenge that
monopoly of course the fact that EA holds that whole exclusive license thing
doesn't help and next up and this comes from Ben I um I cannot believe that you
guys didn't jump on this show to 84 6 year anniversary show at 1 hour 7
minutes and 40 second mark guitar hero tool comic freakin gold no one jumped on
it my ears are just burning for one of you to jump on this zinger was it Loki
that said this to your guests regardless you should all have been all over this
one a little piece guys keep up the great working congrats on six years that
was Andrew that said it I thought was someone in chat that had said it but
okay I just said tool would be cool but but I think the joke there is that
you're kind of a tool if you keep buying all these guitar hero games ha ha ha
all right yeah we missed it no I just said that I actually wouldn't mind a
tool addition because I like tool so um wow we did get a couple of different
long ones anyway um this one comes from what it's signed Rick chard so I'm just
gonna go with that happy Friday olr it's Friday when I write this hope you have a
good weekend Oh Lord smash brothers out is out in the UK why has it taken so
long to come out here we always get screwed over with releases what the fuck
Nintendo seriously you need to pull your thumb out of your arse and get some
decent games out soon I recently completed Metroid on the Wii and I do
believe it was a superb game however I can't help but think that there were
some areas that could have been improved so easily it could have been incredible
the story and writing could have been more immersive and compelling let's face
it you didn't really care about why you were shooting at this spiky space a
space pirates you just wanted to get to the next pretty stage with a new and
bigger gun the cutscenes in this and the sorry the cutscenes in this day and age
were pretty poor don't tell me it's because the Wii is underpowered the ps2
could pull off cinematic and exciting cutscenes for God's sake take a look at
eternal darkness retro one last thing I love being in Samus' ship it was so I'm
getting tongue-tied again it was so cool pressing all of those buttons now did I
miss something or does the best button do nothing at all you know which one I
mean the one that makes the big gun appear it could have been a fantastic
bonus to fly off into space and shoot baddies from this fresh perspective okay
bitching over you don't have to read this out as I know you hate long emails
and I don't hate long emails and may have nominated myself for an FQ of the
week oh shit I just realized that I'm making it longer oh should I did it
again oh fuck a ball shit fuck ours you're just trying to get me to say that
that was funny it worked see you later this email brought to you by chart and
is never-ending wait for some kind of goddamn RTS command and conquer game for
the Wii nice that was funny email quite next up done done done hi everyone hi
hi um I have a few questions for the three of you one no 42 all right go
ahead the answer is 42 go ahead have you ever had what could be termed as a holy
crap moments as they relate to gaming an example may be like when you seen your
first video game or arcade as a youngster or maybe he's youngster that's
cute or maybe seen a game that was light years ahead of its contemporaries in
some regards Final Fantasy 7 anyone furthermore how heavily do these holy
crap moments factor into your decision to stay with gaming if you want a recent
example play Lost Odyssey and the first time one of those text-only stories
comes up on the screen the memories that was kind of one of those holy crap type
moments and I think it was exactly like the way I said it too so there you have
it as far as what was the second half of the question how does it play in the
year and your decision to stick with gaming um you know just like I like to
say holy crap at movies but sometimes I like to laugh at movies sometimes I like
to cry at movies not that I really cry at video games but you know I just I
like to have fun so it doesn't necessarily have to be a holy crap
moment but they help I think that my last holy crap moment I remember when my
early holy crap moments was when you're doing the the train cart ride in a Final
Fantasy 6 and I was like oh my god it's like Indiana Jones I've got a headache
nice but you know I every so often I run into a game that gives me those happy
moments like that so I think I keep playing to you know find more of those
happy times I thought of one other one how about symphony of the night when you
get the real ending quote-unquote and then you go into the upside-down castle
and you realize you have to play the whole fucking game all over again it's
hard with a whole new oh yeah I was kind of one of those oh my god or how long it
took me to freaking get a jewel sword that sucked no I'll tell you what what
took even longer was getting the freaking Yotatsuna having to fight the
the werewolf that was a pain in the butt anyway and number two a few episodes
back Rob mentioned that he was interested in the HD remake of commando
3 for the 360 I'm interested in his opinion on it assuming that he's played
it I haven't sorry it's on my to-do list naughty me well number three then have
the three of you considered making up some goofy as all hell sounding catch
phrases or words to use on air I found that using such things can be quite fun
my personal favorite is snot puppy don't ask I don't know what it means either I
made it up a few years ago after having way too much crown royal and lab at blue
I like twat waffle myself but I I didn't I didn't make that up so I can't really
claim that I I made that up but I like twat waffle but you know what those
types of things you can't force like you can't make fetch happen stop trying to
make fetch happen those types of things have to have to happen naturally next
you twat waffle for do you know of any places where I can buy video game
soundtracks preferably on CD and of sites where I can get them with less
than honest you know give them less than honestly but I want to support video
game music with my hard-earned money Kinokuniya
import Japan import soundtracks play Asia carries a lot of fun yeah Amazon it
has a lot of that stuff they've got everything and actually they're really
seeing legitimate ones in the u.s. plenty of times now if you don't prefer
shopping online you like to walk into a store and look at the real thing try
like comic book stores locally because I know one of the ones here has them so it
depends where this guy lives try like comic book stores and other nerdy type
stores you never know that it might be a small selection but they'll probably
have it like the local comic book store here has the Final Fantasies the DDR so
you know the big stuff so all right um last question I'm on a similar note once
I move I'll be considering buying one two two three arcade machines I've never
uh-huh never bought any before in my life with that being said what advice
those pointers can you give me if it helps at all all the games I'll
considered were made between 1978 1998 and spin across virtually every genre
I'll tell you probably the best thing you're gonna be able to do for your
money is to get an ego AVS machine get a multi-cart one you can either get them
in you can get them in one two four or six sixes are hard to find but fours are
still kind of easy and the the cartridges are not that expensive and
then on top of that you can just buy new AVS cartridges and switch them out so
once in a while you see those ultra Kate ish things pop up like I remember
Target was running around one like two Christmases ago and I think Costco once
in a while has one too you have to really keep your eye out for them they
usually show up around the holidays but you know another multi-game in one
system and very very classic stuff you know we built a main cabinet out of a
pole position stand up nice so you could do that too maim is fun sorry for the
summit lengthy email and thank you for taking the time to read it as well as
answer my questions you're welcome that'll be a dollar last email all right
this is the long one oh my gosh I thought that was long all right all
right last one hello and good show to everyone this is it's Rini right I think
so yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah okay a very long time since I've written in to
begin I'd like to touch on knuckles chaotic says featured on dark sacros
classic game of the week from a couple episodes ago a correction the games were
not the characters were not rendered in 3d they were sprite based what was in
3d were the special stages I'm sorry they looked rendered an interesting note
on said special stages you can complete them all to get an obligatory set of
jewels that need to be acquired however as an extra challenge players could
compete in special stages again only this time the stages were drawn in wire
frames to make it even more devious the wire frame versions you only had
flickering verticals of the polygons to go by to avoid the holes as best as
possible a dark soccer also touched on sonic crackers the presumed prototype
for chaotic not necessarily a tip but for anyone who's played the old side
schooling sonic games should go online and read up on the analyses for earlier
ROM dumps that were meant for developers eyes interesting bits include tiny
nuances such as the pixel perfect placement of the score ring and life
indicators on screen to the creepy sounding genocide city zone an
alternative stage that was supposed to be a meltdown version of the chemical
plant zone and sonic to the players would reach later in the game it's a
nice way to kill an afternoon I love prototypes though I love looking for
prototype games I actually have a couple of prototypes that were released for
Atari 5200 like millipede hot I know it is hot and this pac-man for the other
half of this email that's not quite half it's more like a third I listened to
your anniversary shows ask orange knowledge radio segment and Bobby black
wolf asked how Konami could improve the American Bemani situation very briefly
was pop and music mentioned as to how it could be brought over which should this
is the obvious issue of localizing it but there's another problem content
correct me if I'm wrong but poppin has a lot of songs unfit for the u.s. I was
mulling over this for a while and thought of a different a different way
to approach this issue since poppin is not the typical instrument oriented game
why make it themed in a certain manner like it is in Japan since the Japanese
song list has songs relevant to Japan and its culture why not do something
different for the u.s. agreed absolutely agree they don't have to just copy the
same damn game agree if you want my take on this Konami should have a video game
theme song list an optimal situation the u.s. song list would consist of part chaos
part licenses and part songs from video games not just Konami either here's why
in my personal preference we should get a poppin we and take Smash Brothers brawl
approach because the Wii is selling downloads etc and imagine Konami being
able not only to access music from every Nintendo console release but also from
any console services on the virtual console aka anything before ps1 and any
sort of relevance although technically you can have access to an entirety of
Sega's offerings to imagine playing the the goddamn hardcore remix of gourmet
race from Kirby superstars that's on brawl on poppin it says holy shit shut
up sexy ferret OMG I'm seriously imagine Konami having access to those vast
assets and putting select songs in the pop and earlier in their original chip
tune form or gloriously remixed from modernization they hadn't on a mail
version though can I jump in here and say my suggestion here I think he's on
a good track here because I don't think you can make an entire game out of video
game nostalgia though and expect it to be totally successful I think a little
of that is good and a little bit of the Japanese stuff would be good as well to
throw a bone to the old poppin fans but here's the way you want to make pop and
music successful here it is I'll give you a big hint it's in the name of the
game pop in music pop music what we have guitar hero rock music we have DDR dance
music but we don't have anything that's a lot of like poppy music I'm not
talking about necessarily Britney Spears and all that although that might be you
know inevitable but what about stuff that's like you know 80s pop and 90s pop
like could you imagine a game made of all like pop music tunes from the 90s
you play on this I think that's where I think this series should go but I think
there should be some of the retro video game I just think contract wise and all
that stuff probably couldn't happen maybe a little bit the last third of the
email oh is it truly wishful thinking but I strongly believe in this approach
because if you think about it this would be practically resembling a tribute or
acknowledgement of sorts to video games themselves and there aren't really many
games if at all that do this oh and it'd be double as filler for Japanese
releases but no one cares for that this email has run too long so I'd like to
give a chance for another listener to give their input before I finish I would
like to chastise the olr host minkletov and the andrew junami that zephyr is
that how it's pronounced yes ever for the listless selections for the best
man money songs on the sixth anniversary show how could you neglect scorpion fire
from 2dx read and I'm talking about the epic eight minute long version one two
you're you're all mean but points to look you for canceling out Zephyr this
message is brought to you by the metallic rose DS light because baiting
and switching target for your coral pink light with four metallic rose just feels
right yes I really did do this shame on you but that's funny I was done email
epic email is very epic all right let's get back to the news we still got it we
still got Tommy and please now let's get let's get to it awesome so there are
some interesting patents filed by Sony here in fact people are speculating it's
for the next PSP or whatever system they're going to be calling it anyways
the grant was or the patent was granted for a handheld device with touchscreen
and digital tactile pixels so it's kind of interesting and I have no idea what
they claim a digital tactile pixels are it says as for a digital tactile pixels
claims 19 through 30 of the patent suggests that a vibration acts as a
tactile response so what a PSP with a touchscreen so well like you touch it
and it would vibrate or something interesting tickling game hey might be
fun well who knows what that's gonna be but something in the works which is not
surprising very interesting apparently and I'm apologize because this link here
in our role is broken hopefully maybe look you can help me out a little bit
here Kingdom Hearts 3 apparently was rumored to be in the next Nintendo power
what is up with that well we already talked about that actually in March 3
we talked about some of the other stuff that Nintendo Power League but
apparently they're saying something about Kingdom Hearts 3 no it was a thing
that was rumored there was a sword in the new member Jamie talked about it
actually oh really yeah oh so I don't know happen there but basically there's
a sword little image thing of a sword and people are saying because it said
that if you read the quote on there it said they're teasing what it was there
oh it's news fit for a king has a lot of heart it's probably mother 3 just
kidding hmm you know King heart 3 I get it oh I see because that happens in the
comments to this little news story here well who knows but I don't think I know
they've already got two Kingdom Hearts games in the pipeline that aren't even
out yet so and you're full of crap that's it I'm full of crap no not you
people who are trying to say Kingdom Hearts 3 is coming out on the Wii I
totally doubt that well we'll see you next month yeah it's true there is some
news regarding a crave and the ESA as in crave said a bye to the ESA which is the
Entertainment Software Association they actually send a report into they
actually confirmed sorry a report on game politics that crave entertainment
was basically splitting that they had decided not to renew their membership
and they're off to I guess do their own thing you know the other departures that
left were the Vendee Activision LucasArts a bunch of other things you're
talking about previously but the you know interesting that one more is now
join them but then again I try to think what is crave done lately nothing I can
think of World Championship poker yippee yeah so I guess this isn't exactly it's
not nearly as big as Activision Vendee not going but it is interesting that the
Exodus continues nonetheless yeah well one thing that's been gone for a while
that's actually just come back is Nestor yes Nestor from Nintendo Power you
remember Nestor and Howard or Howard Nestor I guess and their exploits and
you know chronicled in Nintendo Power well now after a you know hiatus of
quite a long time he's back and grown up and it's interesting because now he's I
don't know losing that Mario Kart apparently from the picture too bad
Howard won't come back but I hear he works somewhere else now so I don't
think that's possible but interesting that those retro comics are making a
comeback speaking of retro we're about to the end of part a here and this is
the part of the show where we like to pay respect to our elders and this is
where dark soccer is gonna go through her gaming closet and dust some things
off and come up with a classic video game of the week for you all it's our
classic video game of the week what should the kids be playing this week
dark soccer the game you know I'm I told everyone I'm gonna give everybody a hard
time because they kept bragging on me for Saturn games and for Sega love so I
picked a Sega Saturn game awesome I picked a stall which is known as it is
awesome I know it's um kisui showed and said to us that is the game of the
Japanese shit is what it is it's a 2d side scroller and listen to this music
isn't pretty
this is one of those gorgeous fairly early in the Saturn's life and it's I
mean it really is just a beautiful game that really shows just the amazing 2d
capabilities of the Saturn had is the place I'm sorry the PlayStation would
not have been able to make this game look this gorgeous I'm sorry it had the
2d capability of a snotty nose or something I don't know but it had all of
these just beautiful massive levels and you just had to go through the levels
and you had your boss bites I mean it is a it is a platformer but it had some
pretty cool unique elements basically as you go through the game you actually get
a little partner that that comes with you called a Lita that you'd be able to
basically send your little friend around like a pinball across the screen you
know bumping back and forth and smacking stuff and grabbing items and killing
enemies and you also can use it in a co-op mode like you had a second player
sort of like how you can use tails in a sonic 2 but you could also you know
punch things and jump things and you could you know stun your enemies by
punching them and you can throw objects and lift humongous things and you also
have this sort of super breath attack that you would inhale and then just blow
it all out and blow all the enemies away and it's it's just a really really
really cool game so all right there you have it also just to just to mention if
anyone read the Sonic the Hedgehog comic books that Archie comics did I still
shows up a whole bunch in the background if you can find a YouTube of there's a
volcano level it's a fucking awesome this is the first level I don't see it
on here but I just have to dig up the game sometime and play it well there you
have it folks your classic game of the week a stall on the Sega Saturn pretty
little platformer there with epic music a lot of folks in Chad had never heard
of that a lot of people are asking what's this game what's this game
there's a there's actually another a couple of neat trivia things about it
sure go ahead the US release of the game has that where the the title does not
appear on the side of the case all you get is the Sega Saturn logo and it also
has music hidden in the game which is basically the music from the intro where
you can just put a CD player and listen to it it has lyrics in the Japanese
version it's just instrumental in the u.s. one and there's also in the games
graphic files is a sprite of Mario so there's your trivia all right cool so
check that out on the Sega Saturn is a pretty easy game to find or kind of hard
at this point hard at this point but if you can find it definitely go for it I
know there are images of it available all right we're finally gonna take a
break here we're pretty long this segment here over an hour and a half so
we're gonna take a break here when we come back more of Orange launch radio
not a whole lot in our next segment news wise because we're gonna have a nice
long interview with Tommy Tallarico he's gonna be here to talk about video games
live the gang audio network guild that's gonna be pretty cool and so much more
when we come back with more of Orange launch radio so stay tuned
