The PSP gets new 4.0 firmware, the ESRB makes plans to stop early game announcements, and we celebrate six years of Orange Lounge Radio being on the air.
Hello everybody out there once again and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio for the 284th time in a row, if you've been a long time listener.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you for the next three hours to talk about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm here.
Yeah.
Nah, it's all good.
Yeah, it's all good?
Yeah.
It's all good at Camp Jamie.
I'm recovering from my milkshake.
Did your milkshake bring all the boys to the yard?
It brought something.
All right.
It brought gas.
Say hello to, as well, Tech Master... You're so gross.
Say hello, as well, to Tech Master Loki.
How would a milkshake bring you gas?
I don't know.
It's just the first thing my toilet brain went to.
All right.
I, too, finished a milkshake.
Did you?
I went and got my... Because I went and stopped by Burger King, and I got a large milkshake and a large soda.
And what did it bring you?
Cooling.
Cooling?
Yeah.
I'm not so hot anymore.
Are you seriously freaking cold?
I mean...
Let me introduce, since Loki's already yelling at somebody, he has not been on our show in quite some time.
About a year.
Well, a year is quite some time.
I was just quantifying it.
Alright, but Miklatov is here tonight.
Hello.
And Miklatov ran away from our program to go be in Kansas for a little while, right?
Yeah.
Alright, and he walked into the studio tonight wearing a blanket.
Because it feels cozy after you eat a lot of food.
It's like, oh, I'm just going to relax.
I would like to point out it's over 100 degrees outside here in lovely Sacramento, California.
This is like a nice blanket.
It's not heavy, so it feels fine.
But I'm just saying it's like it's 100 degrees outside.
Hold on.
And we had to have the lights off before the show to keep it cool in here.
We have like two fans going.
The door opened to the house.
Yeah, we might return the lights off.
Screw Justin TV.
It's not a video show.
And I'm wearing a long sleeve shirt and a shirt underneath.
and Shorts.
And now a blanket.
And a blanket.
And why, just because it feels nice.
Because it's, yeah, if you eat a lot of food and then you're like, oh, I'm so stuffed and you don't want to move, it always feels better to just have something to kind of wrap yourself up in.
Like, you were the food and this is your shell.
Like a tostada or something.
Okay.
Tell us what you've been up to for the past year.
Anything exciting?
Hmm.
No.
Okay.
I almost got hit by a tornado.
Oh.
I think that's kind of cool.
It interrupted WoW and it wasn't very fun because I had to stop playing WoW for a minute to check on the tornado.
Are you still in touch?
You used to work at the Konami building but then they don't have their offices here in NorCal.
I don't know what you can or can't say about the past or the future.
I'm working for them as an independent contractor.
Very cool.
Can you talk about anything?
Probably not, huh?
No, it's whatever I always do.
Alright.
We're doing stuff.
All right.
Hey, those lights went off.
All right, let's change the topic and talk about our gaming weeks.
We always like to start the show off talking about what we've been playing in our weeks, and we'll start it off, ladies first.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played Ragnarok and Pinball, as usual.
And I'm still waiting for Dan to bring me back The World Ends With You, so I have no idea what's going on.
That's it.
Alrighty.
Loki!
Um, I got an R4 this week, so I was playing some DS games, and I tried playing, um, what was it, uh, Doki Doki Majo Shinpan, but that game is boring.
Absolutely boring, since it's all in Japanese and I can't read any of it.
I'm like, seriously, when am I gonna get to the boot poking, okay?
But, uh, yeah, just, it's, uh, One Trick Pony, it seems like.
And then, uh,
I tried a bit of Band Brothers, which is actually pretty neat.
A little difficult to figure out how to play it though, but still pretty cool music game.
It'd be nice to see that brought over here.
Then also played Jump Ultra Superstars, which...
I guess people compare it to Smash Bros.
a little bit.
I wouldn't say it's quite like Smash Bros.
There's a lot of characters in it for sure, and I like how you can combine different pieces of artwork and stuff to allow you to switch characters and add abilities and stuff like that.
So I'd say it's more like Marvel vs. Capcom or something like that, which is pretty cool.
And then played a little bit of that still live game.
I mean, it's pretty much very similar to the Flash Portal game.
So if you've played that, you pretty much have played this game as well.
And Point Blank DS, because I was trying to find that everywhere and no one sold it.
And then just kind of gave up on it.
I mean, Point Blank DS is pretty much just like Point Blank without a gun and just using the stylus.
And actually, it's pretty fun.
So too bad that that didn't do very well.
And then of course on top of all that stuff I was playing Grand Theft Auto 4 Because that's fun So what does this device do, this R4 for those that don't know?
It allows you to run homebrew on your DS and also you can run ROMs as well for DS games Basically it uses a micro SD card and you can throw stuff on there
It's good for playing import stuff, especially if you're just looking to try out a game and don't actually plan on buying it.
What the hell is this?
I was waiting for the singing to start.
Yo-ho, yo-ho, Pirate's Life for me.
Bad joke.
You need to cue up your jokes next time.
Terrible, I know.
I wonder what would have been better.
I'm glad to know after six years, things still don't work right on this program.
I was working on some other things.
I posted a video on GameTrailers.
I mean to post it on the YouTube community we have, but I forgot how to.
Although it's like the easiest thing in the world.
It is the easiest thing in the world, but I just haven't gotten around to it yet, okay?
So tell us a little bit, because this is kind of exciting, because Orange Lounge Radio hasn't done anything video related.
I mean, we don't really count Justin TV.
I mean, no offense to Justin TV people, but this is just a camera pointed at people doing a radio show.
It's really not that exciting, but you wanted it, so hey.
But this is the first real video thing we've done in a long time.
So tell us a little more about what you did.
I actually finally got my video set up working at home because I've been trying forever to get my damn capture card to work and be able to play something at the same time.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I know when he describes it, it doesn't sound that exciting, but I actually watched the video, and I'm not even that big a Grand Theft Auto person.
I know it's a good game and all, but I just don't get into those types of games as much as everyone else.
I kind of laughed.
It was really funny.
It was well done.
It fit the music so well.
It was great.
I tried.
I spent long hours trying to get it to go with the music.
Making video is a bitch.
I've done video for an online game that Shane and I are involved with and it's a pain in the ass.
It took me like all night to do like a two and a half minute video.
Yeah, it's a three minute video and I started with like four hours of video and I cut it down to three minutes.
I bet the wife loves it.
Oh yeah, she loves the fact that I'm sitting there doing all that stuff.
Yeah, absolutely loves it.
No, and then, yeah, then after I finished that, then I started working on something else, which I was hoping to have done today, but it's not, so you'll have to wait.
Can you give us any hints?
Maybe.
I'll say something.
Something that people have been asking for for a long, long time, Loki is making happen.
Yeah.
I'll say that.
All right.
So, so much for your gaming week.
Is that it?
Yeah, why is the Unabomber at our window?
That looks like it's Andrew, not the Unabomber.
I know it's Andrew.
I'll go next.
I didn't even know he was coming.
I'll go next to talk about my gaming week.
Oh my god, it's the Unabomber.
Hi, how are you?
Get him on a mic somehow.
Oh, we don't have the... The fourth mic's not hooked up now.
I didn't know you were coming.
That's all right.
Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Yeah, this is the kind of gems that Justin... See, Justin TV?
He does kind of look like the Unabomber.
All right.
What's on your mind?
Andrew, welcome to the show tonight.
Oh, not much.
You got to get that mic, like, right there.
It's now working right.
It's a crazy mic.
You're here to celebrate our sixth birthday with us, I'm sure.
Of course.
And your own anniversary is tomorrow, as in your birthday.
Yeah.
How old are you going to be tomorrow?
Appropriately, I'm going to be 23.
Wow.
Oh my gosh, there's that number of coincidence again that got brought up on Bobby's show earlier.
Wow.
That means you were 17 when this show started?
Yes, I was.
God, I'm old.
God, I am old.
All right.
My Gaming Week
Night of Cydonia Night of Cydonia
because you would think like rock band's kind of the better game and in a lot of ways it is but um since I don't really like to play drums and I'm not going to sing in my house like especially when nobody's around it's not like a party where I can use alcohol as an excuse um it's I don't know there's nothing to play but guitar and I kind of like the guitar parts and Guitar Hero better than I do rock band.
Rock band gets kind of boring because I don't know it's a little closer to the real thing or something I don't know but um Guitar Hero gets all crazy and I like that so um
Rapid Slasher in chat room.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com agrees.
That section on Cydonia is tough.
It is tough.
There it is.
Cheeseburger in chat says, Hey Rob, I was 7 when the show started.
Because he's 13 now.
Oh my god.
I'm old.
Joshi...
I don't think he was actually listening when he was seven.
I think he'd just say he happened to be seven.
Joshi16 in chat says Guitar Hero is more fun alone.
Yeah, I kind of agree.
Guitar Hero may not be the better party game, but it's more fun to play by yourself.
So, go figure.
Also in my gaming week, I bought Space Invaders Extreme for the PSP because I had played a little bit when Loki had it over here.
I don't know, whatever.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Like, not only is it flashy with the graphics in the background, but the invaders come in little colors.
And you have some red ones, some green ones, and some blue ones.
And if you shoot four blue ones in a row, you get one type of weapon.
You shoot red ones in a row, you get another, and so on.
So that's kind of like a challenge-y element to it if you want the good weapons.
So it's like a cross between Space Invaders and Raven.
Yeah, I guess, yeah.
It's kind of different.
But the only thing that kind of disappointed me, now granted, I haven't played the game a whole lot or gotten very far, so it's probably not fair for me to say a whole lot about it right now.
But, I mean, I've played far enough where I've started to notice this.
I don't notice a lot really change from level to level.
I mean, yeah, the aliens get smarter.
You start to fight these, like, massive aliens.
And one of the coolest things, I think, in the game is the bosses.
Like, they actually have boss aliens they have to fight, which is kind of cool.
And, you know, then you have little miniature aliens.
but it's still always blue, red, green aliens and the same weapon upgrades that you had in level 1 so I was just kind of hoping maybe some of that would change and upgrade as the game goes on if it does, I haven't gotten there yet and I've gotten to the point where it's starting to feel a little stale so, you know you know, because the original Space Invaders was all white or green aliens it's been 30 fucking years since the original Space Invaders it ain't broke well, but would you spend $20 to buy the original Space Invaders
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wow, were you trying to break it?
You know, okay, I take a little bit of it back because I've even found myself on GameTap going back to old Atari 2600 games that were boring years ago, like Kaboom, and I freaking played Kaboom for like an hour and a half just a couple weeks ago.
So I guess I could see that.
I was trying to break my old record, though.
But let's face it, we're a little weird.
Watch the King of Kong.
Watch the guy play Crystal Castles with his feet.
I guess that's true.
Then I want to ask you, do you have any interest in newer Space Invaders?
Or is it like, oh no, this is bastardizing a classic?
I would try it.
I mean, I'm open to anything.
The new Frogger made me want to throw up, but I'll give Space Invaders a try.
The one on Xbox Live?
No.
That Frogger 2?
Oh.
No, no, the old new Frogger.
The old new Frogger.
Oh, okay.
The wannabe 3D Frogger.
It made me want to throw up.
Good.
I downloaded Frogger 2 on Xbox Live Arcade, by the way.
The revamped version.
I don't think it was based on PlayStation 2.
I think it's an original game.
There was a frog or two, though.
It's so cute, you want to throw up in your mouth.
But the little hoppy noise gets really irritating.
But I only played the demo.
I didn't actually buy the full game.
Anyway, that's pretty much it for my gaming week.
Space Invaders, which is pretty cool.
I mean, for $20, it's pretty hard to beat.
It's a good-priced game.
PSP games are not games you usually... I mean, unless you're playing Crisis Core or something.
Not something you spend hours and hours and hours doing.
I prefer playing the PSP while I'm...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DOOMISSION, FIGHT PEOPLE, GO BACK TO THE HUB
Okay, I gotta go to chat room because they're talking a lot about Space Invaders here.
GS68 says, from Wikipedia, Space Invaders was a very popular video game that influenced the video game industry.
In Japan, specialty arcades opened with nothing but Space Invaders cabinets.
The game is considered one of the most successful arcade shooting games.
We all know that people went crazy about the game in Japan.
We know that.
It was much bigger over there than it was over here.
Kitsune in chat says, you see Space Invaders everywhere here.
They even have Space Invaders plushies in the arcade that you can win.
That might be kind of cute, actually.
I had Space Invader cell phone charm for a while.
Now, the original Space Invaders can be kind of boring, continues Kitsune in our chat room, but I played a newer version.
I loved it.
And yeah, I enjoyed Space Invaders Extreme.
It just got a tiny bit stale, but that's okay.
It's a good short attention span game.
Kind of like the Gradius Collection.
I don't sit there and play Gradius for hours and hours either.
Shooters in general... No comment.
Huh?
No comment.
Shooters in general to me are short attention span games.
That's just the way I play.
I realize for other people it's religion.
I would like a new Gradius game that was actually really kick-ass.
You know, because I mean, Gradius V was alright.
Thanks for watching!
There wouldn't be a ship, it'd just be him there just like kicking people over and stuff.
All right.
Put out cigarettes on like other ships or something.
Let me go over to Miklatov, who's reading a book during our show.
I guess we're that exciting.
Miklatov, do you have anything you want to say about your gaming week?
Not our gaming week, but yours.
My book is good.
I don't know what you're talking about, first of all.
Secondly, all I do is play WoW or I play DJ Max on my PSP.
You need to play DS games.
I have a DS with a bunch of games on it, including imports.
I play Owen Don 2 and Phoenix Wright games, and that's about it.
And Professor Layton.
Well, I have Owen Don 2 on here.
I have that with me.
and Band Brothers Band Brothers is a fun game tell our listeners about DJ Max and some of the things you enjoy about it we have some listeners that really love it it's way better than Beatmania because it's fun and it's not insanely stupid sometimes unlike Beatmania which is insanely stupid most of the time
and it's easy to pick up and go and the songs are better and it's Korean so it's better because of that.
So in other words, if you can't sense Miklatov's insane bias for Korean-based music and Korean things, because he likes Pump It Up a lot too.
Yeah, Pump It Up's better than DDR.
Yeah, see, if you can't sense his extreme bias for all things Korean, then take what he says with a grain of salt.
How about Taiko no Tatrajin DS?
I've not played that.
It didn't look good.
I don't like the one in the arcade, and I didn't like the one on the PlayStation, so I don't think I'll like the one on the DS.
DJ Max is cool because you can customize everything in it and it's fun.
It's got stupid videos.
Yeah, I like the one video with the Power Rangers smashing the girls' flowers.
NB Rangers are cool.
Is that what it was called?
NB Rangers?
Yeah.
Funny.
That's it.
Back to book.
I like Burning Rangers.
Andrew, how was your gaming week?
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
and getting a little Day of Defeat.
Not much else, really.
Recently got Brawl and unlocked everything within nine hours of opening the box.
Wow, that's dedication.
Still haven't got all the achievements, though, so still a lot of stuff to do.
People need to register me for Brawl, by the way.
Do you know your friend code off the top of your head?
Off the top of my head?
No.
Thank you, Nintendo.
I'm not that dedicated.
Just go to the forums.
I'm there.
Look at it.
Nice plug.
Over at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Click on the forums.
Thank you.
Anything else you've been playing this week?
Oh, that's about it.
Besides Brawl and Hellgate, nothing else.
DJ Ratchet in chat says, and again, if you want to join our chatroom, chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
He says, I hope there will eventually be an Elite Beat Agents 2.
As much as it pains me to say it, fat chance.
Miklatov's agreeing.
Why are you agreeing, Miklatov?
Because, like, I think four people bought it?
I bought it, you bought it.
Who else bought Elite Beat Agents?
That's it.
There's the four right there.
Obviously it was more than four people that bought it, but the sad thing is you go to Fry's, which is a big electronics store here in California, there were tons and tons of them sitting in the discount bin.
I think Nintendo just had higher hopes for the game.
It just got so discounted so quick because people saw the music list and were like, oh, it's crappy.
Well, yeah, the music normally would be crappy, but inside the game it was really good.
September with the cutscenes made you feel epic.
I can discount Elite Beat Agents on account of one song and one song only.
And that would be Canned Heat.
It was a bad cover, but the story was hilarious.
It was a bad cover of a good song with a great story, but it was offbeat.
It was not so badly offbeat.
Ooh, good job.
Good research, Katamaris Forever.
Says the actual number of copies sold, 16,000 per VG Charts.
Wow.
That's practically four.
I mean, when you consider that there's a lot of crappy games that sell way more than that, it's kind of sad.
Yeah, but 16,000, that's not much bigger than four.
It's really not in the scope of things.
It's four times four thousand.
Yeah, I was close.
I had one number right.
Plus, Elite Beat Agents can kind of make you cry, you know, because it has the sad stage.
There's always a sad stage.
Which one had the Christmas?
There was the Christmas one and there was the... You're the Inspiration.
That's the one for that game.
All the sad stages are sad, except for the Owen Don one.
That one wasn't so sad.
But DJ Ratchet's right.
You're the Inspiration had some hilarious screw-up scenes.
It really does.
Like, when you see the dad in, like, a Speedo, that cracked me up.
The only thing that was more epic than, say, September in Owen Don would be doing Ready Steady Go, saving the world from a giant meteor.
That was so epic, it was hilarious.
I like Owen Don 2's epic stage.
It was cooler.
I don't remember what happens, but I just remember I liked the song better, and it was more fun to play.
By the way, spoilers for a music game.
It's alright.
I was just realizing, is it really $16,000 or is it $160,000?
It can't be $16,000.
There's no way.
Let me look.
Hold on.
Hold on.
It has to be $160,000.
I'm going to look.
America... I'll find the answer while we get into other stuff throughout the show.
If it is $16,000, yeah, there's your reason right there why we'll never get one.
Because I'm thinking like, God, I have Judgment sold more than that game?
That's sad.
All right.
Housekeeping tonight.
Tonight is our sixth anniversary show.
Yay.
Orange Launch.
Can I get a yay?
Yay.
All right.
Orange Launch Radio started on June 23rd, 2008, and it was about as exciting as this episode.
Allgames.com relaunched this week.
They have a whole new look.
Check it out.
www.allgames.com.
That is, of course, the site where we broadcast from every Sunday night live.
If you've only ever listened to us on your iPod or other type of portable device like PSP, what have you, you're subscribing to our feed.
Check us out live sometimes.
Sunday nights we tape at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, 9 o'clock Eastern, just like I want to say Dreadlock Lord in chat is joining us for the first time, I think was saying before the show.
So welcome.
Be cool like him.
Come listen to a new show.
and I wanted to say thanks to me going back and playing Guitar Hero 3 this week I actually thought to check on the Guitar Hero OL Army and I had to go back and approve requests to join from like February so if I neglected to add you to the OL Army you're there now and if you want to join the OL Army go to the Guitar Hero community site and search for OLRMY and you too can join our Guitar Hero OL Army which I promise I will update more than once every four months
Also, if you missed it in Part B last week, we had a pretty cool announcement.
Joining us next week on the program, Tommy Tallarico will be here for an extended interview where he's going to talk about video games live and his involvement with Gang, which is a big audio guild for people that are into making audio for games, whether they're already doing it or just have an interest in it.
and more video games live because it's what lots of people are talking about right now Tommy's going to be here to join us talk a lot about that it's pretty cool I'll be next week here on Orange Lounge Radio but for tonight since this is the 6th anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio we do have some special things planned for you in part B we're going to bring back a couple of segments
from OLR's history, and one of them is going to be music game related.
We're going to do a list list in Part B tonight, and it does have to do with music games.
So that'll be pretty exciting, especially for our long-time listeners who remember our roots.
For now, though, gaming news throughout the gaming world.
We'll start it off with Loki.
Yes, this week we had a brand new firmware update for the PSP and it didn't really add a whole lot except for the ability to search on Google straight from the crossmedia bar.
And also the other thing that they added along with that was now that you can change the viewing speed during video playback by pressing the up and down buttons while you're watching a video.
Yeah.
And I'm sure they also tried to fix some other holes that were opened up allowing people to run homebrew and stuff.
And I know that they're already working on a custom firmware 4.0.
So, yeah.
That doesn't work.
Why is it that they're calling it 4.0?
Probably because they had so many updates that were getting close to the 4.0 anyways.
I mean, it's like 3.96 and stuff.
Might as well just go 4.0 because I guess they would consider the internet search function as a brand new feature or something like that instead of just a little update.
So, I don't know.
I think they're just running out of numbers.
Okay.
Going back to Elite Beat Agents for a minute.
because this news about the 4.0 firmware kind of bores me because they really didn't do much to call this 4.0.
I was expecting something a little more landmark.
Going back to Elite Beat Agents, it actually sold .17 million, which would be 170,000 copies, not 16,000.
That must have been just in the first week or something.
Yay, that's still not enough to get another game.
And that's also still not as much as... Eye of Judgment, right?
But that is only released, though, in two regions, though.
So you have to also count...
Whatever, you know, Owen Dunn.
I Have Judgment has sold 0.21 million copies, granted that's worldwide.
What's the money?
It didn't sell better than Crisis.
Let's see.
Comparing it to some other games.
Let's see.
Barbie and the Twelve Dancing Princesses.
Oh, we don't have sales data for that.
Let's see.
What are some of these other ones?
Maybe I can find.
Ah, there we go.
Barbie Island Princess on the DS.
0.14 million copies.
That's only 30,000 less than Owen Don.
How about Let's Ride Friends Forever?
Not in the database, sadly.
Awesome, it's so crappy it's not even there.
What about Imagine Babies?
Oh wait, I found Let's Ride Friends Forever.
Imagine Babies, you'd be surprised, is actually in the top-selling DS titles.
I don't understand it.
I honestly don't understand it.
Wow, wow, wow, get this.
Do you know how many copies of Let's Ride Friends Forever sold in its first week of release?
No.
986.
Sweet!
Add that to the...
So, yeah, you're about, what is it, 200, or 211,000 copies now of Eye of Judgment?
Okay, wow, wow, okay.
What?
Yeah, thank God, I'm sorry.
Okay, Elite Beat Agents, 170,000 copies, right?
Imagine Babies, you ready for this?
1.85 million copies have sold.
That's pervigicharts.com That makes sense though Seriously, it's weird People buy it for their little girls because they want them to know how to raise their babies It's absolutely weird That game right there is seriously up in the top of the DS charts and also Imagine Fashion Designer is up there too I vow Since I own the game thanks to somebody in this room I'm going to play Imagine Babies next week
and come back and report on it.
You do that.
You better make good on it.
Also, breaking a million copies sold, Imagine Fashion Designer and Imagine Happy Cooking.
How many did Cooking Mama sell?
Last one.
Cooking Mama.
Elite Beat Agents sold 170,000.
Cooking Mama sold 2.74 million copies.
What about Cooking Mama 2?
I don't think that did as well.
Cooking Mama 2, 1.19 million.
Keep in mind these are worldwide numbers.
Crazy.
Thank God I wasn't like, imagine babies, no one will buy that.
Let's just add that to the thing.
Whoops!
I'm smart.
You are very smart.
It's a good thing you didn't take that as part of the bet.
Alright, let's see.
Sony planning a clampdown on PSP pirating.
That's right.
There is a piracy problem on the PSP, said Sony Computer Entertainment of Europe president David Reeves.
And we know about it.
We know how it's done.
So basically they know how to log on to any of the many blogs out there that specifically talk about PSP hacking.
Right, they're gonna really clamp down on PSP piracy.
These were quotes from Sony's Devastation developer conference that was held in London.
And it's not all bad news because sometimes piracy, says David Reeves, fuels the growth of hardware sales.
So people buy PSP.
And you know what?
I actually kind of see that because a lot of people bought the PSP when they found out that they were able to play NES games on them.
It's kind of true.
I know a lot of people that when they first got them, that's all they did is they had me put emulators on there for them and they played NES games.
One of my friends went right out and bought one and then modded his battery.
Here's one thing to note though, the whole reason why I'm bringing this up.
He went on to say that there are plans going on that will crack down on the numbers of pirates out there.
There is nothing they can do.
Absolutely nothing.
They have said this forever and they have tried different methods and it's slowed people down but then eventually they come back around and they find a new way about it.
You have no chance.
Make your time.
Ha ha ha ha.
When was the last time that you heard about hacking being done on the PlayStation 3?
I've heard of them actually trying things, but they still haven't gotten anything to work yet.
If I'm not mistaken, PlayStation 3 has a more don't give a shit attitude towards installing Linux on it and all that stuff, right?
Yes.
That's why people don't care.
People are looking to find ways to run homebrew stuff on it.
I think mainly they're trying to find ways to pirate stuff.
But even stuff... Even, let's just say, you were able to pirate games on the PS3, it's not really as easy because, I mean, if you dump a PlayStation 3 game, that's, like, upwards to 50 gigs.
I mean, you're only going to be able to throw, like, one or two on your hard drive at a time.
I mean, it's just...
It's just more cumbersome.
Just forget it and they'll do it on the 360 instead.
Before we get to our next story, a comment from chat.
Amaze Satsuma in chat says, There is one way to stop pirates.
Send ninjas out to kill them.
There you have it.
But you know what, though?
There are ninjas that are, you know, acting in... They're participating in piracy, actually.
There's the Wii Ninja, which is a mod chip for the Wii that allows you to play pirated games.
Siren in chat says, what is a pirate?
A miserable little pile of hacks.
But enough talk.
Have at you.
Please save us from this nonsense in our chat room while we get to another story.
Rob, you killed it.
Hey, I didn't say it.
Siren said it.
Do I gotta?
You gotta.
Well, some news about the MMO that Bioware is squirting out.
They said that it's supposed to be out between April 2010 and April 2011.
Well, the article actually said that EA was funding an MMO, but EA owns Bioware, and it's in Austin, so that's where they got the information from.
And there's no more information exactly about what it's going to be, but the theory is Knights of the Old Republic, so...
Hmm.
Possible.
Hmm.
That could be interesting.
Hmm, yes, say.
Anyways, there's going to be some pretty interesting stuff coming out about Resistance 2.
Of course, just recently they had some gameplay videos that were premiering on GameTrailersTV, and now GamePro has the scoop on some more stuff, including they're going to be giving out, in random issues of GamePro, free Resistance 2 beta codes.
So you'll be able to get in on the beta for that.
And they're hoping to sell a few more magazines with that as well.
Because I don't know about you, but I don't think GamePro is doing that great right now.
There's some people out there that would buy like 10 copies to get a golden ticket, quote unquote, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Do they say about how many of the magazines are going to have this?
Nope.
Interesting.
But they were saying that there's tons of juicy stuff in there and they're saying it's bigger than Halo, bigger than Call of Duty.
I'm sorry though, or better than Halo.
They said a lot of things are better than Halo, unfortunately.
But Resistance 2 is going to be awesome.
Resistance 1 was absolutely cool.
If you loved Call of Duty and you want more of a sci-fi game, this is perfect for you.
of course and I don't think it made tonight's show roll but I want to say something I read something about Call of Duty 6 is supposed to be like sci-fi related yeah in response to this no I would think they're just getting you know they're trying to mix it up a bit but
You know, I don't know if that worked really well for Battlefield 2142 either, though.
Because they tried to mix it up a bit and go a little sci-fi and futuristic.
You know, and Tom Clancy's been doing that, or the Tom Clancy series, I guess.
You know, with Hawks and End War and that kind of stuff.
But, you know, I honestly think that Resistance is going to be awesome.
Resistance, I absolutely, out of the first-person shooters I've played, Gears of War, Halo 3...
Just a lot of them out there.
Resistance was my favorite.
Absolutely.
Which is weird because, you know, usually I'm not too favorable on stuff for the PlayStation 3.
But, you know, it honestly is a good game.
And I'm definitely buying the next one.
All right.
I'm just kind of reading some other crazy stuff in chat.
DJ Ratchet speculates it ends up only five game pros have it.
So it actually does turn into Willy Wonka.
Well, they're assuming that's going to be over 60 since they're obviously going to be stress testing servers.
So there's going to be 60 player online with Resistance 2.
Will there be more Resistance 2 beta keys than copies of Elite Beat Agents sold?
Metal Gear Solid 4 476,334 copies were sold in the first week
and by the way, 77,208 consoles were sold that week and that is, if you kind of do the math there, that's what about like one in four, no, one in five?
So like one out of every five copies of the game sold also pushed a console.
That's pretty big.
There you have it.
Over in the UK... Yeah, because one out of every five copies was probably one of those consoles that included the game with it.
Possibly.
Over in the UK, it should be noted that Metal Gear Solid 4, while it sold well, it did not do quite as well as Grand Theft Auto 4.
It was 14,000 copies short of the Metal Gear Solid 2 release in 2002.
See, I have a bad feeling that they're going to start really fudging their numbers with, oh yeah, look how many consoles this game pushed.
Well, yeah, because you're including it with all the consoles.
Of course it's going to be kind of equal with the console sales.
You know what, though?
We even know people that have went out and bought a PlayStation 3 just for this game.
Yeah, I can believe it.
I mean, it's an awesome game.
But then again, when Final Fantasy XIII comes out, I will probably buy a PlayStation 3 just for that game, so what can you do?
Well, don't worry about that time, you know.
PlayStation 4 will be coming out, so.
Hooray!
Plus, maybe Sony Home I'll actually have to play as well.
Yeah, I'm sure it'll eventually be out, you know, in beta form, of course.
Well, for other news, if anyone's been interested in LittleBigPlanet, the Sony Experience is coming by on a bunch of trucks that has different kiosks with games in it, such as Gran Turismo 5 Prologue and Metal Gear Solid 4 and PSP games.
And it's traveling all over the country, so if you go to us.playstation.com you can find links to tour dates there.
Do you happen to have the dates in front of you by chance?
I was just wondering if there's anything local where you can go crash.
There's very few tour dates.
That's alright.
So not a big tour right now?
No, it's like each truck's doing like four different cities and that's it.
Actually, I have three locations according to this one.
And that's just Baltimore and Milwaukee.
But maybe more to come.
When that Rock Band tour started, didn't they only have a few dates and then finally it exploded into all these places before the game came out?
Okay, here we go.
The PlayStation Patrol tour is going to Davenport, Iowa, Huntsville, Alabama I should go visit my family.
Traverse City, Michigan and New York City.
Why do they have to hate the West Coast?
Not a single West Coast date in there.
But the New York City date is July 11th through July 15th, so if any of our listeners get the urge, go check it out for us.
Yeah, and please go ask them why they hate us so much on the West Coast.
They were probably already here, and I didn't even care.
They've been here before.
They usually come to our local Sunrise Hall every now and then.
But you know we had the signing at the Metreon, right?
Yes, that's true.
I didn't see no LittleBigPlanet there.
Who cares about Metal Gear Solid?
It's all about LittleBigPlanet.
All right, go follow the tour bus or something.
And if you happen to go, take a camera or something and tell us about your experience.
Anyways, there was a whole bunch of drama last week with Itagaki leaving Tecmo and Team Ninja behind.
I'm surprised he did not tip over everything on his way out.
If he has, we probably just haven't heard it yet.
Exactly.
He probably just threw a manager through a window and then jumped down, you know?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Uh, anyways, so they have, um, served a gag order for him to, um, basically not disclose or leak any Tecmo, uh, trade secrets and, you know, make any false or misleading statements, et cetera, et cetera.
The only problem is, though, that it hasn't been signed off by the court yet, so he's talking now.
Yeah, so Nidagaki put out a press statement of his own that says, you don't tell me to shut the fuck up.
Come back and kill you again.
He's like, I do what I want.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yes, and Motive.
Well, there could definitely be a game here.
We're going to elevate him to a Chuck Norris status.
He's going to be immortal at some point.
He is the Chuck Norris of game designers, really.
Anyways, Itagaki.
He laughs at Chuck Norris.
He doesn't have to do anything better than Chuck Norris because you think Chuck Norris is fucking funny.
Of course, Tecmo, the man, denies that Team Ninja is actually leaving them, and also kind of denying different aspects about the lawsuit.
One of the things that they say was inaccurate was that all of the employees were suing Tecmo.
Well, yes and no.
It's actually two employees suing Tecmo on behalf of all the other employees, so...
It's like some sort of convoluted class action.
Yeah, there's a whole lot of weird stuff going on there.
Japanese law is kind of funny anyway.
Not paying overtime and that kind of thing, you know.
I don't know.
Is this why, you know, Tecmo Bowl is just taking forever to come out?
But Team Ninja doesn't do Tecmo Bowl.
Team Ninja should do Tecmo Bowl.
NinjaBowl.
I'll be fine.
There's... Rob, okay.
Do you remember Battle Chess?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hell, yeah.
Where they would, like, kill each other and everything?
That was awesome.
They should have, like, Battle Football.
All right.
All right.
Where they...
Uh-oh.
What?
Well, listen, this is what Itagaki's new job's going to be, okay?
Alright.
Basically, if you imagine, you know, like a kitchen stadium, except it's not a kitchen stadium, it's just a stadium with Itagaki being the chairman, and he has people fight each other to the death with a secret weapon that is revealed on each show.
I like it.
So Itagaki should not be so worried about this divorce from Tecmo because he will be a rock star elsewhere.
Oh yeah, they'll pick him up.
Microsoft will probably have him work for him.
I don't know.
Nice.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the system here, little Sony Ericsson, comes with games on it.
Bowling, Bash Fishing, and Jockey.
And all of them use an accelerometer that is actually located inside the device as well.
Why in the hell does your phone need an accelerometer?
I'm not sure, unless it knows to shut off if it's falling out of your pocket or something.
I don't know.
But...
It does have one in it.
Or if it senses that you're falling for a long time, it's like, you're falling to your death.
Do you wish to call loved ones?
Yes or no?
Nice.
It shouldn't ask you yes or no because all it's going to get is, ah!
That's all it's going to get.
Death Death Death Death Death
It was fake in the movie, but it was real when Itagaki did it.
Except he landed and he's like, fuck this, I'm too cool to die.
And then shot the plane down.
Alright.
Alright.
Well, how about some completely innocent and happy news?
No!
Disney!
This makes me kind of... I just think it's funny because I'm going to have to draw the parallel, okay?
Disney is making a game about a dog who shoots laser beams from his eyes and barks with a sonic boom.
Wait a minute.
I think I've heard of this game before.
What?
Go ahead, continue on.
It's an animated movie.
And his owner is called Penny.
Who, besides me, is singing Inspector Gadget?
I'm sorry Brain is not that cool.
Okay, but it's a girl named Penny who hacks.
She's a hacker.
This is Inspector Gadget, but with a cooler dog.
Little kids are not hackers.
It's like you mix Inspector Gadget and the dog and give him John Travolta's voice.
Wait, I have a question for the nerdy... I have a question for nerdy heterosexual straight guys in chat.
Instapoll here.
Heterosexual nerdy straight guys only.
Did you have a crush on Penny growing up?
or Lesbians.
Damn Skippy, she was hot.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I had my issues as a kid.
She was the only smart one in the whole damn place.
Into schoolboy lust.
To continue, the dog's name is Bolt.
And it's basically him and Penny traveling the world and taking care of shit.
But it is actually going to be on everything but the PSP.
And it's going to tie in with a movie about a famous dog with superpowers who's on a television show and gets shipped to New York by accident so he's trying to get back to Hollywood.
and John Travolta is doing his voice.
And for those people who may be interested, it was, I'm not sure if it still is, animated by the same people that did, or the same artists, I should say, that did Lilo and Stitch.
So, it's pretty cool.
All right, let's check out the results of our instant quick poll, brought to you by our chat room, chat.orangelunchradio.com.
Question was, for the heterosexual men in our chat room,
was Penny hot?
Yes, yes, hell yeah, yes, lol, Penny was cool, no, no, no, no, I thought she was awesome, I thought Brain was hotter, I was too young, what the fuck, no, yeah, Penny was hot, even for a lol, I'll say no, I didn't think she was hot, blonde pigtails, pigtails equals handles, Penny was hot.
No, I was too busy as a child crushing on Sasami from Tenshi Muyo.
Oh, wow.
That definitely dates you.
And my favorite, Vicky from Small Wonder greater than Penny from Inspector Gadget.
What, because you like a robo-chick that can, you know, not wear out?
All right.
Thank you, chat room, for participating in that.
We better have Harley!
Harley!
Including The Flash, Robin, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Black Canary, Hawkman, and Power Girl Cool!
She's got big boobs
Sorry!
No, you know what?
I'm glad she said that because I don't really follow comics.
I have no idea who Power Girl is.
Is she a girl dressed up like a Duracell battery or something?
I have to... Okay, Power Girl is actually Supergirl from a different universe.
So she's exactly the same person as Supergirl but has these humongous boobs.
That's like the only difference.
Big-breasted universe.
I can dig that.
I can dig that.
Anyways, they're also saying...
That there's a possible two-game deal and download content as well.
She has big boobies.
Look at that.
See?
No, look at the picture that Alex Ross did, okay?
I'm looking away now.
But hold on.
On this Justice League Unlimited... That's a stupid cartoon.
Well, she does not have big boobies there.
She has weird... She has... Her boobs look like a cucumber stuffed on her shirt.
Rob.
What?
Look up Power Girl and Alex Ross and look at... That's the picture he did.
Yes.
Those are... Wow.
I think I saw boobs like that on the Jerry Springer show once.
That's about it.
Alright.
Gee, I have no idea why that character was picked for the game.
I mean, Robin I've heard of, Wonder Woman I've heard of, pretty much every single one of those other characters you've named I've heard of.
Power Girl I had never heard of, but now I understand why she's in the game.
There's a few others I wouldn't mind seeing in it.
I want Harley.
I want Harley Quinn.
What's up with that?
What's up with that?
What is up with that?
All right.
What's up with this?
Seriously, if you look at some of these, just do a Google image search.
They've got one that's like, crap.
Wow.
Yeah, that's pretty busty.
Approval.
Massive approval.
Loki, have you ever heard of Power Girl before tonight?
Nope.
But now you'll never forget.
No, I probably will.
I've made no secret of it that I'm not the world's biggest DC fan, but I've got characters I like.
And I like her because she's bitchy.
Which is fair.
And she's got boobs.
She's bitchy.
Hitstun says Harley Quinn was the first character I made in Soul Calibur 3 in the create your own character mode.
I think the first character I made was a totally naked person wearing a bishop's hat that did like capoeira dancing or something.
It was crazy.
All right.
Anyhow.
I have no idea how to segue into this story so I will just say the ESRB is sadly going to probably no longer be leaking game announcements early because you know we find out about all these cool games because they show up on the ESRB's website like there was Earthbound coming to the Wii, right?
We found out about that early.
Castlevania, the full name of that game.
Why are you still laughing, Loki?
So speaking of big boobs... I hear giggling in my right ear.
Oh, it's Andrew?
He's... I don't know.
He started off a joke, and I don't know where it's going.
Right.
But anyways... Is it from the toilet paper book?
Probably.
I was gonna say, though, yeah, it sucks that the ESRB's not gonna be... Wait, wait, I didn't even say why.
Hold on.
Let me finish the story.
Fine.
I'm just excited.
If publishers arbitrarily select dates bearing no reasonable relationships to consumers' interest in the product.
But, it should be noted, this would still have no effect on some of the other ways that games have been leaked through official agencies such as the OFLC in Australia, and so on.
Now, Loki, you had a comment.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Well, that doesn't stop everybody else from doing it.
And besides, you know, there's a lot of other ways to find out about leaked dates.
But you don't know of any of them, right?
Of course not.
Of course not.
All right.
Well, you know what?
I don't know about you guys, but I kind of liked when the ESRB would leak things early.
And now I feel like I'm going to be sitting in the dark until they want me to know about release dates.
And I like ruining Christmas.
I like finding out about stuff early.
So this ESRB news kind of makes me a little bit angsty.
And when I get angsty, we cue the FU music.
just a massive F you to the assholes on the Ragnarok server I play on who are duplicating items and selling them and basically doing a whole bunch of shit that's now I wouldn't say it's completely ruined everything but it's made things difficult for other people so fuck you to them Loki F you to PHP for being needlessly complicated and F you to my car for leaking coolant
Don't.
That's not good.
Especially when the people that flushed my radiator and checked a bunch of stuff because they thought my car had overheated, even though it hadn't.
And ever since they fixed it, it's been leaking coolant.
Nice.
I have two FUs of the week.
My first FU goes to me for spending $10 to go watch The Happening, which was horrible.
and not even like so bad it was good, like Showgirls, you know, bad, but it was just bad.
It was really, really bad.
My other FU goes to the fact, and this is a much bigger FU, my other FU goes to the fact that I had to have not just one, but two MRIs last week.
I went in for an MRI, because you know, if you've been listening to this show the past three months, you know I've been having issues with my pancreas that kept me out a few weeks ago when I was in the hospital, blah, blah, blah, cry me a river.
I don't have to They were probably trying to illuminate your pancreas
Well, no, it's not so much that drinking and stuff is horrible, but having to leave work early, go to this place, whatever.
So I went in on Thursday, had it done.
They call me at 5 o'clock at night.
Oh, Rob, the thing that your doctor wanted to see doesn't come out clear in our MRI thing because we have an older MRI thing out here in Folsom.
We need you to go to our Roseville office where they have a newer MRI machine.
Things you could have told me about the first time.
It wasn't written on there what my doctor was looking for or nothing.
I mean, if you didn't think it was going to come up on the old one, why didn't you just tell me to go to the new place to start with?
Instead of making me miss two days of work and have to drink that nasty, nasty stuff twice.
So, but anyway, I'm hoping the MRIs show that I'm healthy again.
Because otherwise I'll be filled with more FUs.
And nobody wants that.
Andrew.
First of all, FU to GameStop for closing at 6 on Sundays.
I was going to go in and apparently they were giving away Deoxys at GameStop all weekend.
Just missed it by two minutes.
D'oh!
FU to the community on Team Fortress 2.
Achievement pack comes out for, say, Pyro.
What do you have?
All sorts of Pyros on the servers.
Nothing else.
Easy pickings were heavy, though.
And FU to Hellgate for being such a bitch and a half to install.
Alright, that's going to do it then for our FUs of the Week.
Miklatov left the room.
I guess he finished the book so he had to go find something else to do.
Alright, so now we're going to move into some release dates and travel around the world and see what's coming out where.
Release dates, we'll start off with DarkSakura.
We have releases, and stuff is coming out the end.
No, I'm kidding.
On the 27th, there's a whole ton of crap for the UK.
We have Battlefield Bad Company on Xbox 360 and PS3.
Beijing 2008, the official video game of the Olympic Games on stuff.
Sorry, 360, PS3, and PC.
Big Beach Sports on Wii, Command & Conquer 3, Kane's Wrath on Xbox 360.
Harvest Fishing on DS, whatever.
Kung Fu Panda on Damn Near Everything Else, Looney Tunes Cartoon Concerto on DS, NASCAR 09 PS3, whatever, Pro Cycling Manager 2008 on PC, Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Conspiracy on PS3 and Xbox 360, Summer Warriors 2 on PC, SBK08 Superbike World Championship on a ton of crap,
Sims City Society's Destinations on PC Super Smash Bros.
Brawl on Wii Super Swing Golf on Wii Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution on DS also on the 29th, oops done alright, let's travel over to the US, Loki this week, there's some pretty cool stuff coming out, Alone in the Dark on Playstation 2 the Xbox 360 and the Wii
Also, if you haven't picked it up today, Guitar Hero on Tour, as well as Rock Band on the Wii, both in game-only and bundles.
Also, Top Spin 3 on Xbox 360, the PS3, and the DS.
Battlefield Bad Company on PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360, as well as the Gold Edition for those.
The SimCity Box for PC.
I'm assuming that's just a box set of the SimCity games.
Um...
Command & Conquer 3, Kane's Wrath on the Xbox 360, or if you're looking for another strategy game, Supreme Commander on Xbox 360.
And on the DS, Mega Man Star Force 2, Zerker X Sauron, and Zerker X Ninja.
Those are going to be coming to the DS.
WALL-E on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, the Wii, the DS, and the PSP.
Of course, because the movie comes out this week as well.
Hail to the Chimp on Xbox 360 and PS3.
My Weight Loss Coach on the DS, which includes a free pedometer.
Yippee.
It's neat.
It's kind of interesting.
I'll give it.
It's different.
It's different.
It's not for everybody.
It's not a bad thing that the fitness craze has taken over in the video game world right now.
Better than nothing.
Gourmet Chef for the DS, which is a cookbook type of game, I think.
And it also has a cooking sim portion of it.
Political Machines 2008 on PC.
Operation Darkness on the 360, which looks pretty awesome.
Hellboy the Science of Evil on PSP, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
on the DS.
This is a long-awaited favorite.
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance 2, or A2.
Also, we have coming out quite a bit of things.
Naruto Ultimate Ninja Heroes 2, The Phantom Fortress on the PSP.
Big Beach Sports on the Wii.
The Midnight Play Pack on the DS, which I think is a bunch of cell phone games.
Code Lyoko, Fall of Xena on the DS.
Overlord Raising Hell on the PS3 which is just Overlord and all the other expansions for that.
Let's see here.
Elements on the PC and I think there was one other thing I missed here.
Let's see here.
Cakemania 2 on the DS and
Deadliest Catch, Alaskan Storm on Xbox 360 if you want to be a crab fisher I guess Guitar Hero Aerosmith that's coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, PS3 and the Wii as well as bundles and all those and that would be it
Lone of the Dark
Yeah, there was a little bit of controversy over that, because Atari's accusing people of...
To their offense, they didn't play a pirated version.
It's just they got one that someone broke street on.
So it's not necessarily their fault, but I still think it's fucked up that Atari's like, oh, we don't want any independent reviews out there because God forbid it, you know.
I would have told them I was going to give it a good review, but fuck you.
I don't know.
It's annoying.
Let's not forget, though, and we do have another story about this game, but let's not forget that Driver 3, Atari paid off people to give it good reviews.
Just keep that fresh in your mind.
Yikes.
Rapid Slasher in chat says, if you buy Guitar Hero Aerosmith, you are a tool.
My husband's buying it.
Take it back.
My husband's buying it.
Take it back.
You don't want to face the wrath of Jamie.
It is a waste of money, in my opinion.
I don't care for these add-on games that are coming out in the middle there.
I mean, you could put that stuff out as download content.
I think the song list could have been a little better.
Because I saw the finalized song list today and, you know, it's... I just don't understand why they can't do, like, say, like a $20 download thing or something like that for Guitar Hero 3 and just call it... Because they did that with, what was it, Samurai Warriors 2 Empires or something like that.
They were going to release its own 360 game for that, but they decided, hey, you know what?
It's not really that much different.
I mean, it's just kind of an add-on, so we're just going to release this as download content, and that's what they did.
I don't understand why they just don't do that with this.
He took it back.
Probably because of the PS2 owners.
Damn right he took it back.
For you and far between as we are.
Yeah, but you can release it on those systems, but just don't release it.
Just like the Rock Band trackpacks.
They can release that stuff standalone, or you can do a download for cheaper.
Now, Rapid Slasher clarifies the comment and says it's just that the song list is really weak.
And I kind of agree.
My husband's favorite band is Aerosmith.
Well, then, there you go.
He probably won't be too interested in Guitar Hero Metallica next year.
That's for me.
Guitar Hero Tool isn't a bad idea, though.
Um...
I like Aerosmith and all, but I'm more of just a fan of Guitar Hero and I wouldn't mind having a lot of new songs to play from.
I'm not buying any of these games until Guitar Hero DVD comes out.
Well, I kind of want a new guitar, too.
My other one is starting to break.
I've had it since Guitar Hero 2.
But I need a guitar that's going to be compatible with Rock Band, or I'm just not interested.
Well, then you probably don't want a Guitar Hero guitar.
God, so stupid.
I hate both of those companies.
I really shouldn't buy any of these games anymore until they find a way to make it work.
Well, the 360, though, you do have to remember that they are at least compatible with each other.
Whereas if you had a PS3, you're fucked.
All right.
Dark Tetsuya's Guitar Hero Journey.
Yes, I would be there first in line.
I'd pre-order it the minute it was announced.
Alright, anyhow.
Getting over to Japanese release dates.
My usual source of information of Japanese release dates is not working right now, so I have an abbreviated list for you guys.
Over in Japan this week on the Xbox 360, they get Battlefield Bad Company comes out.
On the PlayStation 3, The Darkness finally makes its way to Japan, as well as Quake Wars, or Enemy Territory Quake Wars.
And on the Nintendo Re... Nintendo... Did I say Nintendo Re...
The Wii!
The Wii!
Ford Racing!
Ford Racing Off-Road was what I was starting to say, but somehow combined it all into one word.
Lovely.
Alright, that's going to do it for release dates.
Well, there's other stuff in case anyone is interested.
And I am particularly interested in this myself.
Okay, you know what one of my favorite games ever is?
um Custer's Revenge hell no Dragon's Lair and um the 25th anniversary of Dragon's Lair is coming about and so the um uh artistic uh I would say uh well the animator that's behind it Don Bluth um is uh
From what I understand, it's going to be doing an autographed version of the game for a week that will be on DVD, PC, and Blu-ray.
It's also going to be designed by Rick Dyer, who was the designer, and two of the other animators, Gary Goldman and John Pomeroy.
Hopefully the Blu-ray version actually works this time instead of it being broken.
Well, they said the Blu-ray version is supposed to run at 1080p and play just like the original coin-op version.
And there's supposed to be lobby posters that are $80 each.
Jeez.
Can we get Space Ace while we're at it?
I know, right?
Well, maybe when the anniversary for Space Ace comes about.
How about they just animate a new, like, Dragon's Lair 3?
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Like, the music in it was very creepy.
You know what I want?
I want a Clerks animated game that's done just like Dragon's Lair.
You can have, who's driving car?
Bear's driving car!
Left!
I don't know.
How can this be?
There could be a Clerks game somewhere, I'm just not sure that's it, Loki.
Yeah, but I don't think the market's real open for in-action games.
Wah, wah.
Just set it right in front of you.
That will feature a gun peripheral for the Wii that's kind of like, you know, something that you strap the remote into.
But when you're not playing the Wii, you can actually turn it into a real Nerf gun and fire at people's heads.
Like God intended it.
It will be $59.99 and will include, of course, the gun shell.
It's due out November 17th.
DarkSakura.com
We're about done with the first half here of episode number 284, our sixth anniversary show.
But we could not say goodbye to Part A without taking a moment, as we have for quite a while now here on the program, and paying respect to our elders.
And we do that through a little segment we like to call the Classic Video Game of the Week, where Jamie's going to dig through the archives.
and pick a game in the dusty corner of a closet that she thinks needs a little more respect from you kids that were only seven years old when this show started and so on.
So, DarkSakura, what is this week's classic game of the week?
It's a game that I literally tripped on this morning in the vault.
It had fallen and I tripped on it.
It's SNK Gauss Fighter, which was on Neo Geo Pocket Color in 2000.
Play some of that music.
You know what?
My friend over at the local plane trade has one of those and he says he'll sell it to me if I wanted it.
I'm like, I don't know what I'd do with that.
It has a really good version of Puzzle Bobble on it.
I'm sorry, Puzzle Bobble.
I can only play so many versions of Puzzle Bobble.
We used to keep it in our bathroom.
It has Neo Geo Card Fighters on it.
No thanks.
Card Fighters Clash was actually pretty cool.
But anyway, you've got basically different SNK female characters, hence SNK Gauss Fighters, that are playable in the game.
It's a 2D sort of weird monocolor...
The Neo Geo Pocket Color did not have that great of a color capability, so the characters are pretty monotone.
And they're all in SD sprites, so it's pretty cute.
However, the characters that are in this game are... You have Mai Shiranui...
Athena, Yuri, Leona, Shermie, who I named my cat after, Nakaruru, Shiki, Akari from The Last Blade, Hidden are also Whip from King of Fighters, and Yuki Kushinada from King of Fighters 97, and your boss is Miss X, which I think is funny.
Rob, do you remember that Margaret Cho sketch that she talked about being raised by drag queens?
Yes.
One of them was named Miss X. Yes.
And Miss X is Iori Agami in drag.
Nice.
Yeah.
So I thought I would share that.
And actually, one of the characters, Yuki, is actually, the one I was mentioning before, is actually Kyo's girlfriend and it's the only game she's ever fought in.
So, a bunch of the other guys make, you know, cameos, like you have Kyo, Ryo, Takuma, Seikenso, and Yashiro, a few other people, so...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, we're going to take a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio in our Part B. And tonight, Listless returns to Orange Lounge Radio.
It's where you guys in chat will have a say.
Making the definitive list, and this has been a list 10 years in the making, we are going to decide tonight the best Bomani song of the past 10 years.
We're going back to our roots a little bit here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So stay tuned for that in Part B of our show.
Until then, see you a little later.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio
