Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio for this part B of our podcast.
It is Sunday, June 8th, 2008, and if you're thinking to yourself,
that's not what day I'm listening to this on my iPod or my Zune or whatever device you use to listen to the podcast, PSP, whatever.
It's because you're not tuning in live. We tape live on Sunday nights, thanks to our friends at allgames.com.
We tape at about 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, immediately following the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So sometimes he runs long, sometimes he runs short, just depends.
But usually he catches around 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Honestly, if you get here at like 4.45, there's a great block of programming on allgames.com.
It starts off with Kopackins UK Gaming News, moves on into the Bobby Black Wolf show,
and ends with us, your buddies here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We're about to get into the gaming news here for part B.
I just wanted to say real quick though, we got some guests coming up later this month.
I'm trying to arrange some interviews. I don't have anything sealed yet, so I'll get back to you guys on that.
But in studio, one of our long-time OLR friends who hasn't been here in a long time is going to be back in two weeks.
Mikolatov will be here visiting in two weeks, so he'll be back on the program.
So we'll have to play High School Musical stuff for him and get him the game.
Maybe he can tell us what happened to Silent Hill Arcade.
He wanted to go to the whole Happening thing that we were going to do.
I think I may postpone it a week so we can include him as well.
As well.
So, you know.
Because the Happening, I think it's going to suck, but it'll be like a lady in the water.
We can either go all enjoy it or all make fun of it.
Well, since the chatters have no idea what you're talking about,
you're trying to organize people to go see M. Night Shyamalan's latest movie, right?
Yes.
I want to see it.
This is the Happening.
Yeah.
I haven't seen Lady in the Water.
Well, consider yourself lucky then.
But I liked, I liked The Village a lot.
I liked The Village too and I thought people were really hard on that movie, but honestly.
And I really liked The Sixth Sense.
I loved The Sixth Sense. I even liked Unbreakable, but seriously, Lady in the Water was shit.
My problem with The Village, my problem with The Village though is they show you what the twist is,
and then they're like, oh, pretend you didn't see that.
You know, we're going to do the twist again.
Oh, just kidding.
It's actually what it was before.
Yeah, that's, that's my problem with it.
All right.
So he'll be back.
I don't know if he can tell us anything about the latest and greatest.
It is a video game employer he was working for for a while, but we'll see if we can prod anything out of him.
And also later this month, June 22nd is the, and I guess he'll be here for it.
The Orange Lounge Radio sixth anniversary show will be on June 22nd, which also happens to be around the time of my birthday.
I'm going to a theme park on my birthday.
Myself and the other half are going to Great America.
That'll be fun because he doesn't really go ride roller coasters, but I told him he has to ride everything I want him to, and he'll scream like a girl.
And we'll get you two.
Roller coasters are, I won't say great because I've only ever really been on one.
But the one I've been on is great.
Which one have you been on?
California Screamin'.
Nice.
You were there.
Oh, I forgot that was like the only one.
Some of the ones they have at like Great America are awesome, like Flight Deck, which used to be top gun.
It's still, it'll always be top gun to me.
Awesomesauce.
But keep in mind, the only ones I will go on has me sitting over the rails, are made of metal.
I will not go on a wood roller coaster.
And have no twisties.
Well, I think Flight Deck has twisties.
What's that one huge arcade game that they have there also at Great America?
The one that you actually go into a separate room to play?
Oh.
I don't remember.
That's when those 3D, no that was a 3D ride.
No, it's not a 3D ride.
It's a video game.
Yeah, it like, it would cost you like 3 bucks to play.
I forget what it's called.
It's on Wikipedia.
It might have been since the last time I've been.
I haven't been.
Kadosho says Goose and Maverick?
Oh, no, no.
Sorry, that's a reference to Top Gun.
What the hell am I thinking?
Nice one.
It's something 3.
I don't remember what it's called.
But anyways.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news.
Enough about our personal lives.
Let's talk gaming.
Yes.
So the sci-fi channel, curator of really crappy sci-fi movies and also a variety of TV shows
and reality shows and whatnot.
They are creating a brand new, kind of a hybrid show.
It's gonna be both a TV show and it's also gonna be an MMO.
And it says apparently the integration with the MMO is gonna affect the stuff that happens
on air.
So, for example, they gave, we can tell players that there'll be an alien invasion at a certain
place in the game at a certain time.
And to be there, all their friends and stuff will be ready at that time.
And it says the outcome depends on them and then the battle will be part of the universe
in the show.
So if they fail and they all die, then that will be reflected on the TV show.
Which I think is pretty cool.
And it says both the show and the series will be set 80 to 100 years in the future and launched
sometime sooner than summer of 2010.
When I read this or hear about it, I can't help but think, how awesome would the Battlestar
Galactica game have been if it was this?
You know what I mean?
Like that Battlestar Galactica thing they put on Xbox was like junk.
But there's a great game somewhere in the Battlestar Galactica universe.
And something like this is like an MMO where what happens in the show happens.
That would be awesome!
I don't want to feel the fanboy flames or anything, but wouldn't this be funny?
Just throwing it out there.
If it was like, say, a relaunch of Firefly or something like that.
You know, and they have this whole universe that takes place at the same time and that
kind of thing.
That would be funny.
That would be kind of cool, but sadly I think the cast is all doing other stuff now.
So I guess it could be like a new generation, but I don't know.
This doesn't seem like something that Josh Whedon would be all over.
But you never know, I guess.
I doubt it.
It'd be probably something original.
Most likely.
Most likely.
Well, something else original and actually spotted in the wild this week.
Duke Nukem Forever.
Yes, it exists.
It's out there, and you can actually see a little peek of it in this very strange place.
You would think if Duke Nukem Forever is going to launch its first footage ever, it's going
to be like a one-up exclusive or a game trailer's hot land or whatever they call it.
But it shows up on the Jace Hall show, which now he used to be the monolith boss, and I
guess he has his own little web show now.
And I guess it's kind of like parody.
It's like video game sitcom.
Like the offices.
It's interesting.
But they kind of joke about Duke Nukem Forever, and it actually is Duke Nukem Forever that
you see in the little show.
It's around like the 4 minute and 15 second mark.
And the most surprising thing about it, it actually looks kind of cool for that 30 seconds.
I don't know if it only gets worse.
Hell of a way to hype something up, you know?
This guy just landed a really great exclusive and a hell of a way to kick off his new show.
I mean, he should be...
I don't know what kind of ties he has to the Duke Nukem folks.
I don't know the relationships all these companies had.
Well, I actually watched the show, and it was pretty funny other than that stuff.
They did some interviews with a guy from Heroes.
He's doing his own movie and stuff.
But what the focus of the show is supposed to be is on the people developing the games
and not necessarily the games themselves.
And celebrities who play games and stuff like that.
So that's their kind of spin on things.
Less about the games, but more about the developers and people behind the stuff.
Is it one of those things...
I didn't watch it, I'll be honest, because I didn't care about Duke Nukem Forever footage
because nothing will match the original to me.
But was it one of those things where it's kind of like self-parody
where you really kind of have to be in the know to understand the jokes?
Or was it really accessible?
I don't think so. It wasn't even really parody.
It was just an interview show.
They just shot it in the same way as you would shoot The Office or something like that.
Lots of cuts, lots of just cutting between perspectives and stuff like that
and just talking to people.
And there was some goofy moments, but it was no different than, say, Air...
Okay, I don't want to compare it to AirTainment Tonight or something like that.
But no different than a news show that you would see on TV when they do their news pieces.
Except a little bit more knowledgeable and less cheesy.
But they still were playing around and stuff.
All right.
Well, you can check that out if you're really eager to see some Duke Nukem Forever footage.
We're going to go over to DarkSakura next for her story.
But first, a follow-up to Part A.
Hippolytus in chat has done some math regarding the Classic Games of the Week and says,
although only 8 of the 31 games are made by Sega, 13 are made for Sega Systems.
Which actually, all things, I would have guessed it was much more.
That's not quite half.
I would have guessed it was half.
You know what? Here's the thing.
Sega was grossly overlooked by a lot of people at the time it came out.
I think a lot of people, if they realized...
If you knew then what you know now about the Dreamcast, I bet you it would have done a lot better.
So it's okay that we highlight a lot of those games.
Because a lot of people didn't give them a first look the first time around.
So, whatever.
That's it. Next week is another Dreamcast game.
Fine.
It's going to be like Power Stone or something.
Dreamcast games until we get to half.
Power Stone was awesome, wasn't it?
Power Stone was kind of awesome. I would approve of that, actually.
And you can use your save files from the Japanese version on the US version.
Alright, well keep it a surprise until next week.
I might do that. I don't know.
Meanwhile, more gaming news, yes?
Call of Duty 4!
Didn't that sound awesome? Anyway...
They're getting a variety pack for free for the PC version that's actually going to be offered
as part of a deal with Nvidia.
And it's coming two months after, of course, everyone got it on Xbox 360.
However, like I said, they don't have to pay for it.
Creek and Chinatown are the highlights.
There are new arenas.
There's supposed to be Kill House and Broadcast.
And another one is Patch 1.6 that fixes a server crash exploit and a bunch of bugs.
So there you go.
Hooray, bug fixes!
Yay!
Bug report!
Speaking of fixes and tweaks, there's going to be some new tweaks in line for Team Fortress 2.
The next class to be upgraded, I guess, would be the Pyro class.
They are giving them a brand new, I believe, an axe, which is going to be kind of neat.
Also, there are rumors that they're going to be introducing a sniper class as well.
So, that's neat.
I like to see games that they kind of tweak them as things come out to improve them and make them a little bit better.
But, unfortunately, I have not jumped on the bandwagon and haven't really played Team Fortress 2.
Just mainly because, you know, I like a little single player in my multiplayer games.
But that's just me.
Anyways, the new weapon, as I was saying, is called the Extinguisher.
And I guess it's a weapon that deals half as much damage as a standard fire axe unless you use it against somebody engulfed in flames.
And it deals, I guess, a critical hit. So, that's kind of neat.
And then, like I said, one of the other things that they're going to be doing, I guess, is Meet the Sniper.
So, that's going to be a new character, hopefully.
Wait, Meet the Sniper?
I was thinking of that movie.
Meet the Parents.
No, no.
Meet the Sniper.
They're doing it.
And maybe the sniper is already in the game.
Maybe I'm just an idiot.
Like I said, I don't play this game.
But they are giving the sniper an intro.
They did little intro videos for all the different classes that are in this game.
So, they have little funny videos that kind of explain what the class involves and that kind of thing.
You're not supposed to meet the sniper. They're just supposed to shoot you in the face when you're not looking.
Well, yes.
You can actually be shot in the face and live.
That is true.
So, a good sniper would aim for the neck or the forehead.
Alright, look.
Well, apparently a druid knew where to aim to kill Onyxia all by his little self.
Actually, it might have been a female druid, actually, that did this.
Let's see.
Yeah, it was a female druid, Cyrenia, that did this.
Was it really a female druid or was it a guy playing a female druid?
Probably a guy playing a female druid, just like I am.
Here's the deal. Onyxia, if you're not in the WoW, no.
Onyxia used to be the boss of one of those 40-man raids.
She was a very, very difficult boss to fight and you had to get 40 people together to kill her.
Well, now, that was in the old WoW, before Burning Crusade.
Well, when Burning Crusade came out, everybody can get 10 levels higher.
And even though the old bosses supposedly got a little harder, I don't know.
I don't do a lot of old game content.
Apparently, it's much easier to get there now, getting through trash mobs.
This druid actually soloed Onyxia and was able to do it all by themselves and posted videos all over the internet.
And so, of course, what has to happen next right after that happens?
A paladin's got to go and do the same thing.
So, it's kind of like this druid threw down the gauntlet and then a paladin went and did the same thing.
Went and slayed Onyxia all by themselves.
So, which is kind of a feat to kill what was once a 40-man boss all by your little self is kind of cool.
And I got to say, you guys have been listening to this show long enough.
You know that I'm getting more and more into WoW.
And I've been experiencing the endgame content in it, which is kind of new for me.
Because when I played Final Fantasy XI for all those years, I never got the endgame.
That was all a mystery for me.
But now I'm actually running the 10s and the 25s.
We've been in Serpent Shrine Cavern.
We've been in Tempest Keep.
Now, granted, I haven't gotten to Sunwell yet.
But I feel like I'm making a lot more progression in this game than I ever did with any other MMO.
So, it's been very interesting.
The social dynamics of it is just...
These games are something else. Something else.
I would love to guest on a WoW show, by the way.
If you know of a Warcraft podcast that needs the Rob Roberts perspective, I'd love to go visit someday.
Because WoW is fun to talk about.
But I'm not going to beat you over the head with it here on this show.
Well, in more World of Warcraft news, there is a 27-year-old gamer who is now in Deep Kaka.
He met this girl playing World of Warcraft.
Fell in internet love.
And they ran away together.
Less than three forever.
Now the girl is 14.
Doh.
Oopsie.
She said she was 18 online.
They're actually found in Franklin County, Washington in a campground.
In a campground? Like a KOA?
Is that what it is? This guy and the girl ran off together to a KOA?
They went camping.
They were camping.
Waiting for that spawn.
That was really good.
But, um, yeah.
That's just really sad.
I mean, but what really way is there to control if someone lies or not on the game, right?
Well, I don't think they were lying.
I think she was just touched in the head and, you know, decided,
Hey, I'm going to go meet this guy.
He seems really nice.
But mom, I'm in love.
Love does cause certain chemical reactions that have mimicked insanity.
I'm not joking.
I don't know. I could see why he did that.
So what's the follow up? Is he in jail now or what happened?
Did they do it?
I don't know.
Let me see.
It actually doesn't say. It says he's in legal trouble.
Here we go.
Well, he's in legal trouble. He must have crossed the line.
Um, there's likely what's really running away together is kind of just cross the line.
None of that physical stuff really even needs to be involved.
Well, it doesn't say what exactly he said.
Good old prison time coming in his way, it says.
But he's, I think, out on parole right now.
Huh?
So the question is, will she wait for him?
And M 64 in chat changed his nickname to Chris Hansen and said, Hi there.
Why don't you have a seat right there?
Anyhow, now that's a dateline I'd like to see.
Catching the wow predators.
He's got his hair slicked back. He's wearing a black T-shirt.
Yeah, it looks like it looks like the kind of guy who, uh,
and the sad thing is that I know people like this who just sit in front of their computer
and, you know, have a microwave right beside it and eat nothing but ramen.
You can't put a microwave next to your computer because it'll interfere with your speakers.
Got to put it a few feet away.
Bobby Blackwell has an obvious point I didn't even think about.
He says he crossed state lines with a minor. It's kidnapping.
Yeah.
So that's why he's in trouble.
He should have done his research first, dumbass.
There's campgrounds all over the place.
Frisbee said, there's KOAs everywhere.
Frisbee says, what level did she say she was?
I didn't say anything about it.
All right. She was over 18.
She told me she was 70.
All right. Well, anyway, people acting stupid and giving games like, wow, a bad name,
definitely make us a little bit angsty.
And when we hear about stupid people running away with 14-year-olds across state lines,
we get a little bit angsty.
And you know what that means?
It's time for a little segment we call F.U. of the Week.
My F.U. of the Week.
Well, really, I guess it's more, I guess, self-directed because I'm really nervous about something
that's going to be going on tomorrow.
And I want it to go well.
And I don't want to do my nervous habit of talking, like, wildly while this is going on out of nerves.
So F.U. to nerves.
Just out of concern for the listeners, though, it's not medical.
You're not in, like, any type of...
I'm going in for a job interview, okay?
Well, I just want to clarify.
People don't need to be worried about your health or anything.
You're fine there.
No, I don't have any type of degenerative diseases other than the walking pneumonia
and the bookies that you flew.
All right.
You didn't have to tell.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to make sure the listeners didn't get worried.
Loki.
I guess F.U. to stupid workers at Round Table for taking 40 minutes to make two-minute breadsticks.
What can I say?
I used to work there, so I know how long it takes.
It does not take 40 minutes.
And God, hire some more intelligent people for your front counters.
I hated that shit.
My F.U. of the week goes to my tooth.
I've been having all this pain in my mouth, one of my teeth.
I know it's probably got to have a root canal or something.
It's got to be a bad situation.
It's been hurting a lot.
I don't think I've ever had a tooth hurt this bad.
I'm, like, constantly having to take Tylenol or Advil or something.
And that means I'm actually going to have to go to the dentist on Monday.
Now, here's the thing, you guys.
I just...
I don't like the dentist.
And a lot of people have those, like, fears of the dentist.
It's not that I'm necessarily afraid of the dentist.
I just hate the dentist because dentists are, like, used car salesmen.
They try to sell you stuff you don't need, I swear to God.
Not my dentist.
My last dentist, well, this is a true story about an experience I had with a dentist.
Maybe it's just HMO versus PPO.
Now that I have PPO, it'll be better.
But the last dentist I had tried to tell me I needed a replacement crown that was $1,200.
Now, granted, I did need the replacement crown,
but what they neglected to tell me was that my plan would also cover a crown that was only $300.
So they were purposely trying to rip me off.
You know how, like, how much that turns me off to dentists in general?
Like, it makes me feel like I'm going to go buy a used car.
And I agree that, like, dental health is important and I'm a fucking moron for not going to the dentist more often.
But if that's the kind of treatment I'm going to get, do you understand why I don't like going?
Exactly. I totally understand.
Let's see. Well, I'll tell you later.
I told you earlier that, you know, I'd recommend my dentist to you.
Right.
Because they've never...
And I haven't been to the dentist, except for this one, since I live, like, in the third grade,
because we didn't have insurance for that. We couldn't afford it.
Right.
So, okay. Po.
But the dentist that I go to, they give you cookies when you leave.
Aww.
And they're good cookies.
How cute.
And the chairs, I fall asleep in their chairs. They're memory foam.
And both of them are professional, so they don't try to sell you shit you don't need.
They just put it out there and let you review it if you want it.
That's what I need. That's what I need.
When I got all of my fillings done, they said, you have...
Here's a composite. Here's this one. Here's this one. Here's this one.
This is what the pros and cons of this one are.
This is the pros and cons of this one.
That's perfect.
Okay, if this... Now, see, I did end up... Before Jamie knew, I had problems.
I just scheduled with somebody else. A coworker recommended him, and he's, like, right around the corner.
So, you know.
So I'm going to check it out and hope it's a little better, because what I like about this,
it's just one guy, his assistant, and the front desk lady, all in...
You know, it's not a big company, and those big companies tend to screw you more.
Well, also, this one's not a big one, and also, if you go to my dentist, I get a $50 gift certificate for all of them.
Motives.
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
But they do... But, you know, because they're a small business, they offer perks to their clients.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, Rob, my dad wouldn't do that to you.
See, that's awesome that, you know, we know somebody whose dad's a dentist.
I would go to a family or friend dentist in a heartbeat. I don't know any.
Unfortunately, SSJ100Matt's in New York City, and I can't exactly fly to New York to have my dental work done.
That's not very cost-effective.
So that's going to do it for the FUs of the week. Let's get back into some gaming news, shall we?
You know, and it doesn't really matter. I mean, we're not that rich yet to where we can fly out to New York to get your dental work done.
Maybe someday. When we are, you know, rich internet celebrities, I will totally fly out to New York just to see SSJ100Matt's dad.
Because at least I know I can, like, trust him, because Matt will put in a good word for me.
Well, I'm not sure if this guy's a rich internet celebrity. I know he's probably a celebrity, at least in the gaming world.
But Nolan Bushnell, he has a biopic that's being made about him.
And, you know, must we forget that he also, you know, founded Chuck E. Cheese.
Wait, they're making a biopic about Nolan Bushnell?
Yes.
What's the story there? Just the fact that he invented all these things?
I mean, the story is Chuck E. Cheese is fucking awesome. Or was fucking awesome.
I stand corrected.
The pizza sucks ass.
It doesn't matter. They had cool arcades at one time.
In the 80s.
I say one time, because all those arcades have been replaced with neon lights and ticket redemption machines.
They had that Ferrari game. That Ferrari game's cool.
Anyways, so apparently...
Dude, I should have my 30th birthday at Chuck E. Cheese. How awesome would that be?
Apparently, Paramount Pictures has picked up the movie, and Leonardo DiCaprio is going to be attached to star in the movie as Nolan Bushnell.
That's kind of weird, in a way.
How does he look like...
Makeup? I don't know.
Wait, Black Wolf says, Sky, they won't let you. They won't let me.
What?
They won't let me.
You're a paying customer.
They won't let me have my birthday party. I've had some friends try. They got kicked out because they have no kids.
That's... It's not racist, but it's ageist.
It's because I'm gay.
No.
What?
Why don't we invite people we know who have children?
Because I don't want no kids ruining my birthday party.
But people that we know would know how to raise their children, right?
I would take it to the management and just complain and then make a big fuss about it and get on the news.
Great. Then my fa... I would be the poster child for 30-year-olds wanting to have their birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese.
I'm not sure I really, really want that.
You know what you do, Rob?
What?
You just don't tell them you're having your birthday party.
Vandalous in chat says, Incredible Pizza Factory is more fun anyway.
I don't know if he's talking about John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza.
I don't know. Here's the thing with John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza.
I would agree that it's a pretty rad place and that the food is a slight step better, only slight.
You can't...
But here's the thing. There's no animatronic animals. And for that, it fails.
We could put Loki in a teagull costume.
That might be a little better.
I'm not an animatronic animal and normally I dress up in a teagull costume.
But it's my birthday!
I don't give a shit.
Rob, Rob, Rob.
Ranma makes the best suggestion ever.
What?
Dave and Busters.
Too far! Too far!
I used to go every year.
I don't care.
I went to Disneyland last year.
I want to go to Disneyland for my birthday.
Oh my god, Rob. Let's go to Disneyland.
Wait, Black Wolf finishes the story here. I know this has nothing to do with games, but I don't care.
Adults wanting to go to Chuck E. Cheese is a very important topic.
I mean, my friends were just trying to go there for lunch one day.
Company outing.
They were stopped at the door and told that they weren't welcome because they might have overrun the place for the kids.
Dude, we went there in college once and they didn't say anything.
We went there on a weeknight once in college and they didn't say anything.
We've walked in the...
Don't ask me why.
Back when Qzar was open, someone actually ordered pizza from Chuck E. Cheese because they had takeout also.
Why?
I don't know.
Who always said, mmm, mmm, I'm craving Chuck E. Cheese, crapola pizza?
I think it was mmm, mmm, I'm pole.
I have to say this.
And by the way, when I was in high school after I graduated, we decided to all go to Chuck E. Cheese's
and I got humped by the person playing Chuck E. Cheese.
He was also my boyfriend at the time.
Oh, well, okay.
Ha! You were in the furries!
No.
Oh, my God, you had sex with Chuck E. Cheese.
No.
It was...
Furry lover!
It was silly.
But, you know, we went in there and, you know, I had a bunch of my friends there and, you know, we ate shitty pizza
and played skee-ball until we puked and it was fun and no one ever did shit about it.
CC's Pizza is an East Coast chain anyways.
There's a CC's.
Not around here.
Oh, Black Wolf is around CC's Pizza. I've never heard of it.
There's a CC's Pizza.
They have this, like, thing that's on TV they're talking about.
My brother worked at CC's Pizza.
A buffet and stuff and it's like five bucks and the pizza looks like it's worth every penny.
It's like five dollar cardboard shit pizza.
DJ Morpheus says, there are times that Loki sounds like an animatronic animal.
Well, I also have to say, Patty said in our chat room that she got kicked out of there when she was 18 and had a kid with her.
Alright.
Jeez.
I have a better suggestion for you.
It's just cruddy.
It's not quite Chuck E. Cheese.
It's not quite...
Go to Scandia.
Not the Scandia in Sacramento, but the Scandia more towards Vallejo.
Okay.
That's where you need to go.
Because there's no water park. There's no Super Ghetto Kids raining around. It's just arcade, go-karts, and golf. Like, God intended it.
And they have, like, tons of SNK machines and the Taito games.
I've never set foot in there. I drive by it every time I go to the bay.
Oh my God, they're great.
Is that what they actually advertise on the sign, Loki?
Arcade, golf, and go-karts. The way God intended it.
That's the way it should be.
Alright.
So what, Leonardo DiCaprio, what?
He's gonna play, I guess, Nolan Bushnell. And I think the movie's actually entitled Atari, so...
Interesting.
Uh-huh.
Alright.
Orange Lounge Fudio? No, now it's, like, Orange Lounge Chuck E. Cheesio.
Uh, anyhow, let's go...
We were talking about games, okay? Games, Nolan Bushnell created Chuck E. Cheese. We were talking about Chuck E. Cheese.
It's still relevant.
This is a topic that always comes up on our show, actually, is whatever happened to awesome arcades?
Right?
Exactly.
It's a myth.
Exactly.
They've fallen into obscurity.
Well, it's sad that, you know, our kids are only gonna have to hear stories about, you know, the arcades.
It's gonna make it sound like, you know, when our parents told us about the sock-hop. Woohoo!
I don't wanna ever hear about the sock-hop.
Right.
Okay, no more tangents, just...
Are you sure? One more? You good for one more, Jamie?
Come on, Tangent Lounge Radio.
That was the Ferret's Tangent.
Continue!
You're withholding, I know it.
I am.
Alright, EverQuest.
These are good cashews.
Orange Lounge EverQuest deal.
Here's the deal with EverQuest.
Sony Online Entertainment, also known as SOE, or as I call it, S.O.E.
S.O.E. has reactivated all of the G.O.N. players.
Basically, if you left, you know, if you abandoned EverQuest some time ago, S.O.E. has reactivated your account for two free months for both EverQuest and EverQuest 2.
That is everybody.
So if you left the game, it's time to come back.
Here's the thing. S.O.E. also included all of EverQuest's expansions in those accounts.
And you get bonuses to help your players that are, you know, out of date, get them up to speed.
So, kinda interesting there. It's called the Living Legacy campaign.
So it's basically a way to try to sucker people back into EverCrack.
Hey, it's two months for free. Just take a break from World of Warcraft and go grief some people. There you go.
You know what? EverQuest is one of those games I never really got into because I got into Final Fantasy XI instead.
Like, about the time I would have gotten into EverQuest, somebody showed me, like, Japanese Final Fantasy XI and I was like, ooh, I'm waiting for this.
It's Final Fantasy and it's online. What more do you want?
Here's what I worry about. Final Fantasy is going to do something like this in the future and I'm going to be like, kind of want.
Final Fantasy XIV.
Kind of want.
Actually, it's just Final Fantasy online or something.
Alright. Anyhow.
Stuff.
Yes.
And nonsense.
Like, this nonsense. No, I'm kidding.
Can I read a comment from chat real quick? I gotta say it. Because it's about the arcade thing we're talking about.
Sairan in chat says, I only hear stories about awesome arcades and it makes me cry that there are no more.
I guess we have to realize that there actually are, you know, I don't want to say younger kids, but, you know, teenagers that are now teenagers that were, like, you know, too young to remember when we were teenagers that are already going through this.
It kinda sucks.
Yeah.
They will never know how awesome it was to stand on a booster seat to play Crystal Castles.
Well, it's like even when I was in high school, and I'm sorry for going off on another little small thing.
It's what we do here.
Because, you know, but when my little brother Matthew got hit by a car when he was six and I was still a freshman in high school.
And I remember, you know, being dropped off at the mall to go see a movie with my friend Jennifer and we went and hung out in the arcade.
Like, for hours!
Exactly! Tilt, they used to have tilts in the malls and stuff like that.
Which is now Hot Topic.
Well, Tilt got purchased by Namco.
I can tell you that because I worked for Namco Arcade when all this was going on.
But we had Aladdin's Castle inside, we actually got a cyber station later.
The Aladdin's Castle got turned into a cyber station and they opened an Aladdin's Castle in the mall across the street.
I worked at them both.
Anyway, that was actually right around the time that arcade started, you know, sucking was when I quit working in one.
But anyway, I was there all day. I was playing Samurai Shodown 2.
We beat Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that day.
Rad.
Except that right when we beat the game they freaking turned off the machine.
Fuckers.
Anyway, and these guys paid for me to play. It was awesome because they wanted to do a four person game.
They're like, here we have money.
Okay.
They paid you to do it four way?
Oh baby.
I played Leonardo, so that's kind of cheating.
But anyway, and I can't believe I still remember.
It's because my brother was injured that that really stuck out in my mind.
But you know, we played, there's air hockey.
Arcades, like only a few have air hockey anymore.
That is sad.
That is fucking criminal.
I mean, what arcade is perfect if you're not dodging air hockey pellets?
Speaking of perfect arcade, and I apologize for a moment to our international audience.
This is a very local reference, but DJ Morpheus brought this up and I have to know if Jamie's ever been here.
What?
Did you ever go to Sam's Town in Cameron Park when it was up and running?
Oh yeah.
Oh my God, that place was incredible.
Dan told me about the mine shaft.
Oh, that was, oh, I miss arcades.
He said that part of it was underground.
Yes, the mine shaft, it was a golf course.
The golf course started underground.
It was like a mine shaft and you would go upstairs.
It would go above ground after like the first three holes.
I've seen the remnants of it.
There was also an part of the arcade where there was a two floor arcade upstairs had all the little kids games like Noah's arc and stuff.
And then downstairs, my God, they had everything, everything you can imagine.
You know what arcade, I think this is one of the last of the great arcades was the bird cage arcade that we had here.
No.
Cause the bird cage, I'm sorry for people.
I know this is way out of that, but this is where a lot of the new.
We're having a moment.
Damn it.
Bird cage arcade got all of the new fighting games.
All of them.
It didn't matter if they had to import them, they got them.
And, um, we actually, uh, well at the time, and I'm not going to say his name because a lot of people in the DDR community, especially doesn't, but a friend of ours, uh, worked for Capcom for awhile.
And it was funny watching him just completely hand people, their asses one handed, you know, at any of the fighting games.
And it was just like, and that was like right when I first moved out here and then they started tearing down all the stuff that made the bird cage area cool.
Like the theater where Rocky was and the arcade and they're trying to take out the element that was, they said they're trying to, to make it safer for better clientele.
But in reality, I think that it's hurt the business.
They're fucking rich white people ruining our culture.
I know, but is it just me or have you seen more business businesses there though?
Closed since keeping that place alive is the fact there's a Barnes and Noble.
I don't like it anymore.
There's no comic shop.
There's no bowling alley. There's no dollar store that sells t-shirts that say, fuck this.
And now international imports is going out of business.
That's sad.
I know one more thing I got to say about the local stuff.
Sam's town.
Uh, DJ Morpheus says the mine shaft was like a third of the size of Sam town.
And that's true.
Like, let me put it this way.
Sam's town.
Like when you went to go spend your tickets, you spent them in a general store and you could buy like, you know, like those little candy cane things.
Like some tastes like licorice and some tastes like mint.
Like you can spend, I mean, fond memories of that place.
That's shit.
Sam's town was like around since my mom was a child and stuff like that too.
I mean, all right.
And then they had to tear it down.
Sorry for the moment of, as a, what, who is it in chat that said we were old people?
Yeah.
Cason.
I'm sorry if I mispronounced that, but you did call us old people.
It says an old person's moment.
All right.
No, it's just even the fact that we had awesome shit and you don't.
Yes.
We're reminiscing about better times, kids.
All right.
Except that I didn't walk to school both ways uphill.
So whatever.
All right.
Sorry, Jamie.
You can do your story about a story, right?
Yeah.
Strong bad game.
The game is called strong bad school game for attractive people made by telltale.
And it is going to be an episodic humor game.
But guess what?
It's delayed.
It's release has been pushed to July.
It doesn't.
Well, it says from June from the original release month into the next month.
So from June to July to polish it up a little bit.
And I really want to play this game because it's awesome.
And I love the trailers for it, but.
Well, it's obviously directed at me because it does say awesome people.
But here's this is attractive people.
Here's the thing.
If you want to know a little more, that's me too.
If you want to know a little more about the real insight to what's going on here,
listen to the very end of Bobby Black Wolf show this week when we're on.
I'm not going to spoil it,
but he gives a little more insight as to what could be possibly up with this delay.
So I'll leave you with that little teaser.
I will be sure to you do that right now.
Download it right now.
Go do it right now.
Because we're broadcasting and I love fix our bandwidth.
So go now.
No.
Lucky saved the show from what you and I.
There is an interesting job posting over in Nintendo's official Web site.
The job posting was for a software hardware tester,
and their description of duties would be creating and executing a test plan for
Wiis USB devices.
And it goes on saying, you know, writing, testing, documentation, whatever.
Anyways, but the whole fact is that there's going to be Wii USB devices.
Storage, perhaps?
Hard drive?
Hello?
OMG.
Please?
That would be smart.
So cross your fingers that that's what that actually means.
I hope so.
DMN in chat says,
Sky is so old he owes Nolan Bushnell a quarter.
Nice.
Asshole.
Hey DarkSakura, you know what else I miss?
Roller rinks.
I've actually been to the one on Auburn, the Foothills skating rink,
like in the last couple of years.
I went there too.
And I'm still fucking awesome at it.
Alright.
I'm not going to let this show get derailed.
I'm just kidding.
Rob and I are going to go roller skating next week and video tape it.
I almost played DDR and roller skates once.
I thought you didn't want to be on camera.
I will be on camera.
I'll be video taping it.
Fine.
I said I wanted to go ice skating actually.
I've never been.
I hate ice skating.
Must happen.
I love ice skating.
Anyway.
Okay.
Rob's story.
Virtual Console.
SNK.
What more do you need to know?
There's lots of SNK stuff apparently heading to Virtual Console soon.
Not just Samurai Shodown as you heard in part A,
but apparently Art of Fighting, Fatal Fury 2, Burning Fight,
they are all apparently on their way to the Virtual Console.
This is the ESRB of course spilling all this.
Also on the list, Dig Dug is on the list.
Now that's probably not the arcade version because you don't really see that on the Wii.
Probably the NES version because it didn't really come out anywhere else
that the Wii currently supports.
By the way, just so you know, also on the ESRB,
it's completely unrelated, PlayStation 3,
ratings for The Last Guy and Wipeout HD have both appeared
and hopefully that means that they are almost on their way.
So we'll be looking forward to seeing those games soon
because Wipeout is kind of cool.
For our Pokemon fans that are listening,
and I'm not going to say that Pokemon makes everything better,
but GameStop is going to be giving away a download of a free Pokemon.
Forgive me if I mispronounce this, but Deoxys,
which is a psychic type Pokemon that has four different forms.
If you've got Pokemon Diamond or Pearl, you can go to a GameStop
and download it and then they'll harass you about pre-ordering stuff.
But hey, you can have Pokemons.
I know, it looks freaking bizarre.
Very interesting comment from chat about kind of the tangent conversations we were having
and it comes from Sairan who was kind of commenting earlier
about being young and missing a lot of this.
It says something very interesting.
People robbed Jamie Matt's age, had awesome arcades.
People in the 60s, my mom's generation, had Woodstock,
the Beatles, the Summer of Love, and other cool things.
The majority of my generation just has the Iraq War, George Bush, and shitty music.
The Otaku demographic at least has somewhat of a boom of the anime industry,
but that's about it.
That's a very, very good summary of it.
There's probably cool things about your generation,
but you're not really going to realize them until like 20 years later.
That's the thing is that right now in this 2000s,
have they ever come up with the name for the O's?
The O-O's or whatever?
The O's.
The O's.
Here in the O's, the 80s are making a comeback.
Just like how in the 90s, the 70s are making a comeback.
Here's the thing.
When we start getting into the 10s, the 90s will make a comeback
and all those things you forgot about will be cool again.
So then again, it's going to be the late 60s, early 70s look again.
Perhaps.
Maybe in the 10s people are going to go back to the Victorian look,
which people kind of did in the early 80s now that I think about it.
It's kind of cool.
Just something to think about.
I don't know.
Sometimes trends have a way of coming full cycle as folks that were teens become 30s.
I have to share this with you.
Sauce says it's the Ot.
I realize that's like the technical term for it,
but who really says that as freely as they say the 80s, the 90s?
You're not going to see it on VH1.
I love the Ot.
People in Europe?
I guess.
Because if I'm correct, zero is referred to as Ot.
Alright, whatever, whatever.
Black Wolf brings up a good point.
In 20 years you may be telling young kids about how there was this internet
where you could look up anything and read about anything
and all the information was equal kind of referencing the net neutrality laws
that are kind of making waves this week.
That's true.
You guys did grow up in the internet age.
That is something.
We didn't really have that when I was in early high school.
It was BBS is for life, bitch.
When we were some of these people's age,
the internet actually was still military only and illegal for anyone else to network.
You totally just said when I was your age.
I understand though.
When we were little, it was true.
The internet has been in existence since, I do believe, 1972 or 74 around that time.
Whenever Al Gore invented it, right?
Whenever.
But it was military use only, and if anyone was caught networking
like in the early 80s or so, they actually could be arrested for it.
I remember my friend's dad who is in his 60s now is an engineer,
and he was talking about lining a room with magnets to make 1K of memory.
I thought that was pretty crazy.
Yeah, anyway.
All right.
Just thought that might be a little perspective.
Lots of reminiscing tonight.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
Sorry, kids.
Well, a show that likes to reminisce as well, Video Games Live,
will be coming, or they have announced actually 50 different shows for their world tour.
Of course, Video Games Live, for those who may not remember,
is the show that has all sorts of orchestrated music from video games,
including Legend of Zelda, Sonic the Hedgehog, et cetera.
This year though, I'm glad to see that it looks like around August
they're going to be coming towards San Jose, so we'll be able to hit that up actually.
All over the place, including Canada, France, Scotland, the United States, Portugal, Brazil,
China, Japan, Singapore, Korea, Moscow, Russia, and Norway and Sweden.
So when they say world tour, they don't mean just like US and Canada.
They mean the freaking world.
Yes.
That's pretty cool.
That'd be fun to travel on.
Like I said, for those folks local to Orange Lodge Radio here,
August 26th you've got San Jose at the Performing Arts Center during the Envision 08.
That convention's going to be going on.
And then also they're coming back around again in San Francisco.
No date on that though.
So, awesome.
Sorry, I was distracted because they're telling Commodore 64 jokes in chat,
and that's just all kinds of awesome.
But not as awesome as-
I used to play kicks on an Apple IIe.
But look, Commodore 64 and Apple IIe, not nearly as awesome as boobs.
And that's what the next story is about.
It's about boobs.
Mine are pretty awesome.
We have to talk about boobs in Age of Conan.
Here's something kind of interesting.
Apparently what happened is that suddenly one day in Age of Conan,
all the boobs like disappeared.
Well, they didn't like disappear, but they got really tiny.
I guess all the boobs shrink.
They shrank.
Apparently what happened, code from an earlier patch actually went into a new patch,
and it caused the morph values for certain models in the game to become altered.
And the only thing that people seem to be noticing though are the boobs.
The boobs have their own value?
What?
That's awesome.
Apparently people notice, and they actually have before and after shots here on various websites.
Well, you know what that means.
If something can be shrunk, it can be made bigger.
This is what I love, is that the company actually posted a clarification saying,
quote, your breasts should be back to normal soon.
Well, thank you for saving the day.
Wow.
By the way, it should be noted, man boobs were not affected at all.
Wow.
Man boobs were safe.
Also safe this week, your emails, but not for much longer,
because we're about to turn Dark Sakura loose on them.
But not for very much longer?
Not for very much longer.
I've got to open the mailbag.
No, I am.
Mailbagorangelaungeradio.com, here we go, Dark Sakura, take it away.
Stuff.
This is the best, this is like my email of the week just because of how it ends.
Hey Rob and Dark Sakura, how goes it?
What about Loki?
Say hi to Loki too.
F Loki.
My name is Taibon and I'm currently living in Kenya with my sisters.
I'm sorry, I'm not going to think of power thirst.
The region here is really poor, but we're fortunate enough to be able to afford
and import video games from Europe.
We finally got hold of Grand Theft Auto and I've been enjoying it a lot.
I don't have much to say, just wanted to say hi
and let you guys know that you've got listeners all around the world.
I've been listening to the podcast every week for the past year now
and it's one of my favorites, Keep Up The Good Work, Taibon.
This message is brought to you by Samara's Cafe, home of the never-ending dirt.
That's what I thought was awesome.
P.S., hope you read my email on the show.
It'll definitely make my week.
Okay, look, I think you totally just got punked.
Here's the reason why.
Look, because I saw that email sitting in there.
Look at the sender name.
It does not match the person who says they are.
I know.
However, the reason why I thought it was awesome was because of the never-ending dirt.
I want this person to prove that they're actually in Kenya somehow.
Send us a picture of Kenya.
You need to be standing in front of a building flying the Kenya flag.
No.
Making a gang sign or something.
I don't know.
Making the OLR gang sign, whatever that is.
Take us a picture of Samara's Cafe.
Oh, yes, we want a picture of Samara's Cafe.
There you go.
Perfect.
Perfect.
And the never-ending dirt.
Yes.
But the other reason I'm thinking it's awesome is I'm also thinking of power thirst now.
And then I'm thinking, why would someone send us, and I apologize if we're not getting punked.
Just realize my suspicions.
A couple things about your email.
Raise some eyebrows.
Why would you punk us with that?
You crazy kids.
Well, I'm thinking that it could be a nickname too.
So I'm going to suspend, you know.
Well, that's right.
And I apologize profusely if you are the real deal.
If you are a legitimate person that lives in Kenya, you know what?
Actually, I'm going to save the email and I'm going to run it through an IP hunt.
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Not that we are coming out and saying it was just that we never expected to get email from Kenya.
But then again, we have a caller who calls from...
We get Sweden.
We get Argentina.
We get...
Why not Kenya?
I know.
Why not?
I want somebody from Wales to call me so I can listen to a sexy Welsh accent.
Next email.
Okay.
Just a quick...
Okay, this is from Robert M.
Just a quick thought about the Wii storage.
In addition to download virtual console and WiiWare titles,
game saves seem to take a pretty big chunk of hard drive space.
Elibits, for instance, uses about 100 blocks and Brawl save files well over 120.
I assume that EA Sports games use large blocks as well,
as most likely will the upcoming Animal Crossing game,
the GameCube one actually fills an entire grey memory card
and comes with a spare card for that reason.
And if it's a game that uses WFC and you can't move the save to your SD card for backup,
I have no idea what should be done about...
I'm sorry, I have no idea what should be done about this.
How many free blocks does a clean Wii with nothing but the disc channel
and no game saves have anyway?
I have Mario Kart Wii from my Gamefly list and I haven't gotten online with it yet
since I've been busy with other things, mostly Dr. Mario Online RX.
So anyone there or in OLR me has a chance to compete in that one?
He has a good question. I'm actually not sure.
How many blocks come on a brand new Wii? Isn't it like 1400 about?
Maybe the chat room goes a little bit...
I don't know. I think blocks are stupid for measurement anyways on there.
True that.
Just fucking kilobytes, man. That's what everybody uses nowadays.
Megabytes.
Gigabyte?
You know, it's something that people can understand.
This game takes a terabyte of saving space.
Yeah, instead of Microsoft points and shit like that.
Well...
It's hard.
Anyway, next email.
Yes, Preeze?
Hey, DarkSakuraSky and Loki.
Hey.
I was just saying hey.
Hey.
Hey!
I'm a long time listener from Canada known as D.Vay in the chat room.
Hi.
Hey, Jamie.
What do gay horses eat?
Hey!
Okay, I'm not gonna do the other joke.
So yes, listener from Canada.
Okay.
I know Loki is all into PSP hacks and homebrew stuff like that,
but recently I just bought myself a DS with a flash cart that I ordered online.
You got a ninja pass!
Anyway, my question to Loki is have you experience with DS homebrew before or do you even give a shit?
And so do you have any good links that can guide me in the right passage?
Thanks guys for making my weekly days and...
Weekly days? Okay.
And keep up the good work.
By the way, I was gonna submit a GTA radio entry if it weren't for my MacBook crapping out on me.
This message has been brought to you by Olive Garden, home of the never-ending flow of saggy granny birthday parties.
Nice.
You know what? Fear not.
I'm still trying to get that Portal win.
I am told that All Games is going to be stepping up the number of contests that they do.
So there will be more opportunities to get in on the fun and big prizes eventually.
We should have like a best message brought to you by contest for our emails.
We do have some stuff to give away and I think we're gonna do it next week.
Okay.
I have an idea.
Okay. Uh-oh. Let's hide.
But no, I still meant to download Still Alive and my week has just been in utter chaos so I haven't had a chance to do it yet.
But I do have a Ninja Pass so as soon as I can find my SD card reader then I will be making use of the downloads and I will let you know what I think.
No, I plan on buying one of these. I'm poor right now so I can't.
So yeah, that's the only problem right now.
Oh, I know someone who does regular shipments of them because if you order like ten of them you get free shipping or something.
So next time this goes on I'll let you know.
Well, it still doesn't make me not poor.
But yeah, I plan on buying one because I mean they look cool.
My whole thing before was if I was ever going to buy one it was just to play import games on anyways.
Because I'm not going to buy every fucking import game out there.
In fact, most of the games I do play on my PSP that are not legit are just to try them out so I can talk about them on the show.
And I don't intend on keeping them because fuck, I don't play my PSP really right now anyways.
I just play more of my 360 and Grand Theft Auto.
But yeah, that's pretty much the only interest I have on that stuff.
So yeah, we for that matter play all import games sometimes.
I don't even really play that many import games.
Just mainly, well I play Mario Kart but that's not import so.
There you go.
Actually, I'm going to be importing a game.
What could that be?
Because I have a new 2DX controller. I'm actually thinking about importing Happy Sky.
Really?
Yeah, I'm thinking about it.
Because you know, I've been wanting to get back into playing 2DX because I used to, I wasn't nearly as good as you are but.
I was talking about that the other week actually.
But I've got, I can start, I actually have two of the same kind of controller now and can do double.
I've been trying to learn double.
You know I still have all those arcade parts that I remember how I was going to build the controllers for the 2DX and pop music and all that stuff.
Still have all those.
I would pay you to build me an arcade style controller.
For pop music?
No for, well for pop music yeah too because I have a bunch of pop music too.
I have the full size buttons for it. They're like 8 bucks each. Sucks.
Well, next email comes from one of our listeners in the UK.
Hi OLR, it's Guy.
Hi Guy.
Hi Guy.
I once sent you a letter regarding what time I could listen live to the show. I'm in the UK.
Now I'm back with another England slash America question. I want to know what the reception for GTA 4 was in America.
It was really hyped in England but everyone forgot about it when it came out because it was exactly the same as the others.
Was it the same in America? I'm sorry if it's been covered but I've had school exams and haven't listened to the cast recently.
Pip pip guy.
He said pip pip. That's cute.
Well we did kind of talk about it in part A that worldwide they've sold 8.5 million.
Was that worldwide or just here in America that they sold 8.5 million?
It was probably worldwide.
I think it's worldwide.
11 million have gone to store shelves so it's been doing very well and I would tend to once say the majority of that is happening in America.
And no I'm not really hearing a lot of it's too much like the others. I think honestly if it is too much like the others that's okay for a lot of people here.
Well honestly and you know me I wasn't at all interested in Grand Theft Auto 4 but Dan's been borrowing our friend George's copy for a while and he's been kind of getting into it.
You know actually doing the missions and his friend Will's been just you know fucking off on everything in that game and doing whatever the hell he wanted to and trying to get as drunk as possible.
He got so drunk on his character that he couldn't walk. I thought it was funny.
But anyway I've actually kind of gotten into watching them play it just because you know I like picking out stuff.
Like the piss water reference that cracked me the hell up.
Here's something else to consider. Grand Theft Auto has been selling systems here.
It has.
PlayStation 3's especially. I don't know if it's name recognition or what but there's a lot of people that have been picking up PS3's just for this game.
The Sony Grill.
And Blu-ray player too. They go oh it plays Blu-rays and Grand Theft Auto 1.
And it cooks burgers.
So there you go.
Thank you Guy.
Bye Guy.
Bye Guy.
Hey guys and girl.
Pip pip.
Thank you. I know I'm awesome. I get my own hello.
Anyway I have been listening for about four years. Oh God four years.
And I hardly ever email you but I thought this was worth it.
I work in an office job and often listen to music and one time I decided I should listen to your podcast at work.
It entertained me so well for the three hours that it makes the rest of the day pass by incredibly slowly.
Not just and not even my music is working anymore.
I have even dipped into some archives just to have something to listen to that good.
I tried a few other podcasts but nothing compared to keep up the good work. I love the tangents and never let them end.
Well you got a lot of them tonight.
Plus he has the best email ever.
And.
Sorry Jamie had to whisper that to me so we did not give out the poor guy's email address.
But that is a pretty radical.
That's hard core dude. Hard core.
Like Itagaki is probably going to kick your ass for taking that name.
He wants it.
He wants your email bad.
I got to say though we've actually kind of heard a lot about.
In fact when when because Part B has been kind of late the past two weeks and that's my fault.
And I've actually been kind of getting flack from the people who listen to us at work.
Like why weren't we up for them to listen to Thursday or Friday at work.
So I know there's a lot of people that use us to pass the day by at work and I really really apologize for that.
Of course we are only three hours of show a week.
You know hopefully maybe one day we'll be able to put out a little more other specials and things.
But if you're looking for other shows that are quality check out our family at all games dot com.
There's some great shows there. Will you like all of them.
Probably not because the shows all talk about different types of games.
You know and there's.
But that's kind of what makes the network cool is that you have different gamer bases talking about all different types of things.
There's bound to be at least one other show on there you're like.
What were you laughing at Loki.
Nothing.
What is this.
Read an email dark soccer I have to spy on Loki and see what he's watching.
I do want to thank Rob with two B's who sent us presents.
For our sixth anniversary.
And I will check them out in a bit but I wanted to thank you very much for sending us your my cook rewards.
Yes and I saw that too.
So big thank you. We will definitely figure out a way to work those in to our anniversary show.
Here's the thing he's watching that is really Tiger Claw was telling me about this before the show.
But someone has done a shot for shot remake of the introduction to the naked gun.
But in Grand Theft Auto 4 using the Grand Theft Auto 4 engine they have recreated the intro to the naked gun.
And Loki's laughing his ass off.
I'm going to have to look for that when I get home Tiger Claw give you the link.
Just Tiger Claw send it to the mailbag.
So Jamie can look it up at home.
Thanks.
Hey guys I'm about to get a 360.
If I like first person shooters what would I get except for the obvious ones.
Any other game recommendations will be thanked.
Thanks.
Keep up the great work.
I'm sorry what system was it.
360.
360 first person shooters.
Call of Duty 4.
I don't know you kind of when you say besides the obvious ones.
Well the obvious ones are the good ones usually.
That's why they're kind of obvious.
So you kind of I don't know.
I guess you know you're probably asking the wrong people.
Because I don't think a lot of us are super into first person shooters as much as we are say RPGs and adventure games.
I'm really not myself.
But I will say this orange box.
If you overlook that some great first for not just portal but half life.
Half Life 2.
Half Life 2 is freaking great.
It's like the best first person shooter deal.
It's a better deal than Halo.
Because Halo is just one game.
Orange box is like five.
Otherwise I know I might take a little flack for saying this.
And it's not really for hardcore first person players.
But I liked Prey.
There was a lot about Prey I liked.
Sauce is Iron Man.
And I think.
Okay.
I think one reason that I liked Prey was that since you couldn't really die in it.
Like it was kind of a first person shooter for dummies.
The only problem with Prey is that it ended a little early.
But the music was awesome because it's.
What's his name?
Jeremy Sole.
Sole or something like that.
Jeremy Sole.
The same guy who did the music for Oblivion.
Did the music for Prey.
The music is great.
And it's like ten bucks probably at this point.
So.
Okay.
There's my recommendation I guess.
Well I was checking this and I think that it's because the Kenya email was a Gmail account.
It's reading an America IP.
Mm hmm.
But Google is international and they do run out of the United States.
So.
We'll see.
Send us a picture.
We're waiting for the picture of the cafe.
Or either.
Look.
Either send us a picture of the cafe or fess up that you were fake.
And just tell us why.
I mean we don't care at this point.
We read the email.
But I've got to know why that.
Why did she have to read that.
I mean was it a dare.
I don't get it.
All right.
Anything else?
I'm checking the inbox to see if we got it right.
No but we did get one.
This is pokey man's.
I'm going to read next week.
All right.
So tune in next week for more mailbag.
Hey speaking of interactivity the Skype line will be open very soon but we got two more
stories for you before you get the Skype line which we're kind of keeping short tonight
we're trying to keep our show a little short tonight because we've got other things we
got to get to for tomorrow but we will get at least a couple of calls in after these
two quick stories looking.
Well home is coming out this year.
So says Sony.
But.
They say now it's going to be released in the fall as an open open working beta.
I guess that's a fancy way of saying well it's not really done yet but we're releasing
it anyways.
Really when they think about it I guess it's kind of like every single game that comes
out nowadays anyway.
Well also you know there's a lot of pretty much anything Google does and Google launches
is a beta you know so is it kind of like that thing where it's like well we're launching
this and it's going to have all these awesome features but don't blame us if it sucks because
it's a beta.
No I don't think so that that's that may work for Google because they're always improving
their services and stuff.
When it comes to a game company it means we're not done yet but we need to release this
otherwise you're going to get really pissed off at us anyways because I mean same with
games you know there is a big story going out about grid for the Xbox 360 having horrible
freezing issues.
Oops we didn't finish it so now we got to finish on the back end.
I mean that's what it all comes down to anyways because they need to get it out you know as
soon as possible to meet their marketing campaign or whatever whatever at least it's coming
out I guess and either way people have been playing it in beta.
I don't know I don't to be honest I don't think home is going to be as big as they're
hoping it's going to be.
I think people are going to find it as being a big waste of time.
But we'll see.
Sorry for the dead air there I was typing some things in chat real quick.
He was typing of the dead.
Yes I was typing of the dead and I won.
I got a hundred percent.
Resident Evil 5 you know they've kind of been accused of being a racist and so on.
I don't know if you heard about that but you know because in the trailers and stuff you
know whatever.
But here's the thing is that the producer of Resident Evil 5 Jun Takushi has actually
denied saying there is nothing racist about this game you all are just misunderstanding
the original trailer which I would believe because people are too freaking sensitive
nowadays.
Come on.
Anybody can be a zombie regardless of race.
Can we all agree on that.
I agree.
Oh go ahead.
The very first Resident Evil had zombies of all.
By the time they all grayed out they look the same anyway so it doesn't matter.
You know they had to edit the US one because of the zombie biting the head off of some
guy who looked like Michael Jordan.
What?
Yeah.
In the Japanese biohazard when you go you know when you go in the room and you get the
I hope this is not Chris's bloodline and everything.
And so you go into the other room.
There's a zombie chewing off the neck of one of the team members who had been in there
before and his head pops off and rolls off.
And it looks like Michael Jordan.
They were supposed to.
And however PS1 graphics did they cut that out on the US version in that in that cinematic.
They also cut out the part with with Chris lighting up a cigarette you know with this
huge lighter which I've got a Japanese version of biohazard.
So it's not no big freakin deal.
But I thought that that was you know it's the same thing.
Well I mean speaking of like characters and stuff there are going to be there is a new
character in the game who is a black female is going to have a role in Resident Evil 5
is somebody you can actually include.
And see here's the thing is that the question was asked did you put this character in because
of the fact that you know the trailer showed that you're you know blowing up people in
Africa and that they're all the zombies and stuff.
And to go she said no she's pretty much been there in the beginning.
In terms of the reaction we're in the business of entertainment.
We didn't set out to make a racist game or a political statement.
We did feel there was a misunderstanding about the initial trailer which probably was just
some people being a little bit oversensitive I think because you know anybody can be a
zombie right.
We don't see a lot of fat zombies in Resident Evil do you.
Yes you do.
Do you.
There was a cop in the first one who died and then he came back as a fat zombie.
OK.
I know my video game trivia.
All right.
All right.
We're going to go to the Skype line here one eight seven seven game O.L.R.
But first I'm told that there is a very important voicemail we're supposed to play that was
left in the box last night.
And I'm just thinking about what goes on Saturday overnight.
No I'm thinking about things that go on on all games radio on Saturday night.
And I'm a little bit worried about this one so I'm going to go play this voicemail and
kind of hope that it's not too strange.
We'll see.
It's downloading.
I remember that.
That's 30 seconds of my life I will never get back.
I remember that commercial.
That's 30 seconds of all your lives you'll never get back either.
Well every second of your life is a second you'll never get back.
Tiger Claw says we just got bucket rolled.
What the crap.
Is that the new thing now.
Is that replaced Rick rolling.
By the way.
By the way I went to a sushi restaurant last night.
My friend Jim is his birthday is turning 30.
Happy birthday Jim if you're listening.
Here's the thing.
They actually have a sushi roll called the Rick O roll.
Can you believe that they actually now have sushi called the Rick roll.
Did you get a.
Screw all of you.
Don't they have Ricky O as like a Asian kung fu.
I don't know.
But I just.
But of course the whole table looked at it went ha ha ha Rick roll ha ha ha.
And I was just like Rick rolls need to die in a boat fire.
Underwater one thing.
All right.
We got calls.
We got calls.
Let's go to the Skype line.
Hi you're on orange on radio.
Who's this.
Ravens dolphin.
Long time no here.
Well hello Ravens dolphin.
Damn it's been a long time since you've managed to be the first caller here on OLR.
What is on your mind.
My friend.
First off what the hell have you been up to.
Dead Pixel Live.
Oh yeah.
You do a show every day here on all games.
So you're like Monday through Thursday.
Right.
Yep.
It's close enough to be in every day.
How do you guys go.
How long is that show.
Two and a half hours after all games interactive.
What in God's name do you talk about for two and a half hours every day.
Whatever the hell we talk about.
Sometimes we can talk about car chases.
Sometimes we can talk about we fit.
It's just a potpourri of whatever.
All right.
Well there you have it here on all games radio.
What time do you start.
You just start whenever all games finishes.
Yeah.
Whenever they reach at and they said all right.
They pull the plug and then we start with our.
The other host is Derek H.
Very cool.
I don't think Derek H. likes our show though.
Which makes me a sad panda.
Don't worry.
One half does.
Why doesn't he love me.
I want to know why doesn't Derek H. love me.
I don't know.
My fault.
I love him.
You pass along that message.
We here at O.L.R.
We love Derek and we we we hope that that love is reciprocated.
All right.
Would you call in to talk to us about tonight.
Do things.
Yeah.
It's about Microsoft and the blue ray thing.
I think it's dumb.
Why is it dumb.
Do you think.
Do you think it's B.S.
Or do you think the idea itself is dumb.
I just think it's dumb in general.
It's like it was like hey MGS4 is coming.
It's like we must combat it with a blue ray player.
Just feels like like it just shouldn't be necessary to the Xbox 720.
Yes and no because right now you know why why are a lot of people buying PlayStation
threes right now.
I kind of said this earlier in the show because it plays Grand Theft Auto 4 and blue rays
Xbox 360 only plays Grand Theft Auto 4 right now it's not really a movie system you know
yay DVDs but everybody has a freaking DVD player at this point right.
Not a lot of people have that in their systems and people I think the normal average Joe
I'm not a gamer but I enjoy the occasional violent video game right.
They don't know about all this like download exclusive Xbox 360 stuff.
They don't know about all that stuff.
They just think it's the same damn game.
I agree.
So I you know just something to consider.
I just I agree with Loki with he said if they bundle like a new one in I feel like that's
suicide.
That'll confuse some people.
You mean actually actually putting a blue ray player as like in the system itself.
Yeah I feel like that's suicide.
I don't the only time I would see that happening is the holidays.
I don't know why but isn't it ironic because don't they have to pay money to Sony for each
one of these because you know blue rays like a trademark of Sony.
You know at this point I think Microsoft will pay it.
It's just weird.
It's some odd reason.
Yeah they already got a patent for this.
They're like hey we gave the blue ray thing and like people start freaking out.
All right.
Well what else did you want to call us about anything else on your mind tonight before
we go on.
Sure thing about Okami Wii.
I got that this week.
And what you think.
I like it.
It's just the only thing that reminds me of Rainbow Bright.
OK.
How does Okami remind you of Rainbow Bright.
Because Rainbow Bright it's all dark and gloomy and you have to fill the world with color.
And this is what the game does.
You fill the world with color.
Nice.
Does that.
What was it.
Who is the evil guy in Rainbow Bright.
I can't remember his name.
The murky murky murky.
Yeah I'm sorry I was seeing of the peculiar purple pie man.
Yeah I keep thinking strawberry shortcake.
Yeah they're so easy to get confused I guess.
All right.
Forget it.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight.
Dead Pixel Live right after All Games Interactive.
Plug plug plug.
There you go.
Have a good one buddy.
Bye.
Somebody was looking for more podcasts.
Maybe Dead Pixel Live is up your alley.
All right.
If you want to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
SSJ100Matt said wow Raven I never thought about it that way.
Who knew that Raven's Dolphin could give such insight here on this program.
Let's see if our next caller does.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this.
Hi this is Spazinator.
I'm sorry.
Your name is what?
Spazinator.
Spazinator.
You need to go buy it on the PlayStation Network.
Awesome.
Well what's on your mind Spazinator?
Yeah a couple things.
Much of which you kind of sort of touch on on tonight's show especially in part 1.
Now I do have one concern about full caliber 4.
Which is going to be coming out next month.
Especially with all the characters from Star Wars and what not.
If you think about it you know how at least in all the Star Wars movies supposedly the
light sabers pretty much cut through like 99% of everything out there.
Right.
Like limbs and walls and stuff like that.
In theory if they want the Star Wars characters in full caliber 4 to be like totally accurate
and what not wouldn't they be like way overpowered and what not.
You know like you know cut off people's legs and totally break down the characters weapons
and what not.
Well I think you know they're probably just going to balance it.
Just like you know when things have crossed over before.
Like you know when Spawn and Link and all those characters showed up before.
You know they just kind of made it work.
They just balanced it.
And that's just what they're going to do here.
And all these kind of crossover games I mean like Capcom versus X-Men.
I mean certainly super heroes would overpower these you know generic fighters right.
X-Men versus Street Fighter hardcore.
But they just make it work and they figure people are going to suspend disbelief.
And I think that's really what it's about is that you're just supposed to say you know
what I'm not going to pay attention to all this fact that the light sabers can like cut
people into a million pieces.
I'm just going to you know think how cool it is that I can play you know Soul Calibur
or I can play Darth Vader versus Yoshimitsu and all this stuff you know.
Oh yeah.
Yeah I have no doubt that the game is going to be good.
You know I'm kind of both a Soul Calibur fan and Star Wars nuts.
So you know that thought kind of crossed my mind like a week ago.
So you're okay with this because a lot of people in our chat room earlier were kind
of like oh why can't they just make Star Wars it's own game.
Why do they have to have all these Star Wars characters.
You're okay with both kind of living together in the same game.
Oh yeah.
You know it's just that little you know I hate to use the word but relatively minor
you know concerned with the balancing.
Tigerclaw made a very similar observation to what you're saying.
He says in chat here that's one of the things I noticed when I saw the gameplay footage
of Vader and Soul Calibur IV.
He can literally impale an opponent and throw them.
Normally a light saber would cut through someone effortlessly.
Oh yeah.
So there you have it.
It's a little wattage.
Now Spazinator do you think they ought to make a new Star Wars fighting game.
Like if this does really well do you think Namco needs to be paid like a lot of money
to like make a new Star Wars fighting game.
Like we'll just pretend the other one never happened.
Well actually now that you mention it.
I did buy the first one for the PlayStation 1 when it came out.
And I wouldn't necessarily say it was like horrible like E.T. for it's 2600 bad.
But it wasn't exactly game of the year like Final Fantasy 7 great either you know.
It was kind of like low low low for me.
So but I wouldn't necessarily you know be opposed to a new Star Wars fighting game though.
Hopefully this is Namco putting their feet in the water a little bit and seeing if it's possible.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We can hope.
Go ahead.
Oh go ahead.
Sorry.
I was just going to say is there anything else you want to talk about before we go Spazinator.
Yeah.
I know that you kind of got away from Final Fantasy 11 and more into WoW.
But that was notwithstanding.
Have you heard anything about like a fan festival like what they had in Anaheim last year.
I have not.
But from what I understand Squeenix usually announces those things pre last minute.
I mean not like you know the day before but they only give like two months notice.
Whereas with Blizzard you know they've already announced hey BlizzCon is going to happen mark the date.
And maybe it's because BlizzCon gets a hell of a lot more people not just because they have WoW.
They also have Starcraft and you know some of those other you know powerhouse games and Diablo 3 rumors are enough to get people to go to.
I haven't heard anything though even though I left Final Fantasy 11.
I do keep tabs on the news just to see if there's anything like really cool I'm missing out on.
You know I don't know.
I spent so much time with that freaking game you can't help but just kind of be curious about it.
It's almost like a bad relationship.
You can't help but wonder whatever happened to your ex.
You know what I mean.
Yeah honestly I've been playing the PlayStation 2 version of that game for two, two and a half years now and I'm practically addicted to it.
Even now that I got PlayStation 3.
And the reason I ask my question is in theory if they hold the Fan Festival this year.
You know this will be the first year I can actually afford to literally go across country and go to the Fan Festival.
And from what I've been told some of my friends are going to be over there and I've been just starting to go to the festival.
If they hold it in California I might actually try to go.
Because it might be a lot of fun especially if it's within driving distance because I think they had one of them in Santa Cruz and that's not that far.
So I could have gone to that.
But I just didn't know about it until after it already happened because it was when I was you know not really playing.
As a video game journalist to report on the event.
Well thanks for taking my call.
You are welcome.
We like hearing from people that we don't get to hear from very often so take care all right.
Oh I just saw something and then I'll let you go.
You know earlier in the show you were asking about that new Commando 3 game.
Yeah that's going to be coming out for the Xbox 360 next week and it's already out for the DS3.
Already got the game and I don't know if there's going to be a difference between the two versions but at least the PlayStation 3 game is pretty good.
Well that's a good sign.
So if you guys got the 360 or the PS3 I would seriously suggest investing the $10 for the game.
I will definitely check out the demo and see it's worth it because I am tempted by the beta of the new Street Fighter because I do heart Street Fighter.
But yeah I guess that's true it's already out on PS3 so it's good to know that the game is not bad so that you're not like wasting your $10.
But we'll see when that demo comes out.
All right well have a good one.
All right thanks spazzinator thanks for your call take care buddy.
All right we'll do one more call here on Orange Lounge Radio and then we're going to call it a night.
Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
Oh wow it's Legend of Zaku.
Hey Legend of Zaku.
No show is complete without a call from Legend of Zaku.
Damn right it's been far too long what is on your mind Zaku?
Nothing much just basically just enjoying all my usual stuff you know games on my 360 like Grand Theft Auto 4 and whatnot.
That's right you upgraded to a 360 not too long ago huh?
Yeah it's been like about six months.
What kind of games you been playing?
Grand Theft Auto obviously.
I kicked the shit out of Call of Duty 4 on veterans so that boosted up my achievement scores.
But besides that I'm just you know just trying to scrap as many games as possible since you know money's kind of tight right now.
But you know it hasn't been so bad.
You know the new unlock code for DDR2 came out right?
I did hear something about that that there's some new unlocks.
Tell us about it since we haven't reported on it tonight.
I don't know it's like I spent the better part of Friday and Dave and Buster's trying to do that shit and we weren't able to.
Huh it has to be hooked up with the emus.
Are you sure?
Oh snap so can't.
Are you sure because that one actually was an unlock code in which you actually have to input certain you have to hit certain arrows after you enter your credit.
I still think it had to be hooked up the emus if I remember correctly.
Why is that?
I don't know why. I don't know why they have this kind of.
Does it download the songs or something?
I think it's because there was some other competition thing that went along with like some Zookan Battle 3 or 2 or something like that I don't know.
But from what I heard other machines besides the one in Illinois which is the only emus in the country managed to get the code.
Managed to get it working.
Well then your machine doesn't like you.
Well it just has shitty pads but that's besides the point.
Um yeah just looking through I don't know it's just been a rough you know down week for me I just haven't been playing as much because of other things.
But I do want to get you know hopefully get something from my PSP probably a bigger memory card so I can start like getting more stuff on that thing.
Hey quickly before we go since you still kind of follow the DDR scene and all that and we you know we try I still try to like load DDR Freak and look at the forums once in a while just keep tabs on what's going on.
There have been like tournaments or big things we ought to be looking forward to?
I maybe.
What about digital life? Usually you're calling in digital life, digital life is that happening this year?
It hasn't been confirmed yet that's the thing.
Until I get confirmation I'll let you know but right now I'm not going to jump the gun quickly when I can't really confirm.
You know the fact of the matter is I have to you know I keep tabs on the people that know and they'll let us know exactly when you know if and when it's happening this year.
We'll tell you when we're ready dang it that's what they're saying we'll tell you when we're ready.
Right.
Alright.
So I'm not that's it I'll let you know once I hear a word of it happening.
Alright sounds good buddy hey we got to wrap up and close the show you got any parting words for our listener tonight?
Listeners?
Just hack your PSP.
Hack your PSP.
Alright buddy have a good one.
That's some great final words hack your PSP it's awesome.
Alright we're going to do some quick.
This naked gun thing is great.
Did you check that out?
It's awesome.
Alright we're going to do some last minute stories we're actually going to start with Jamie tonight.
I just think that you know in He Who Shall Not Be Named more news about him is that he's been well it's not that it's official yet but it's been recommended for a ten year disbarment for his 27 misconduct charges.
Also it should be noted that two of his Supreme Court cases were actually dismissed with prejudice meaning he can't file it again.
So I'm hoping the judge says yes and goes for the ten years.
Again this is about He Who Shall Not Be Named.
Well he was very.
Oh yeah they wouldn't let him read his.
Ten years like long argument or whatever which pretty much called everyone a dumb ass and stuff like that.
Real class.
Yeah he won the judge didn't allow him to read and he had prepared in advance of course was like whatever dude.
So yeah.
He's I think I think it's going to go through.
Prepared my speech and why I'm awesome.
You want to read it.
Anyway.
All right.
You got something for us.
Yeah Loki what do you got.
Some stuff about Halo Wars coming from GamePro.
Apparently the latest issue had the exclusive and some magazine scans have already found their way onto the Internet and new things that we found out from it.
Basically the detail the current control scheme.
There is going to be some new UNC or UNSC vehicles including the vultures Cyclops and Cobras as well as mentions of like a campaign will be a combination of human and covenant worlds.
Also let's see here.
It's going to boast a six player Xbox Live multiplayer and feature two person online co-op.
And that's all in GamePro's July issue which should be out soon.
Also we were talking about movies earlier with Leonardo DiCaprio being in the Atari movie.
Well now there's another movie being made Kane and Lynch with Bruce Willis going to be starring in it as Kane Marcus or Adam Kane Marcus I guess which is weird because Billy Bob Thornton apparently is in talks for the role of Lynch.
So it's like that's going to be a classy movie.
I don't know we'll see.
Sony has apparently stopped production of a couple of games that they were showing off hell I think before the PS3 even came out including Eight Days and The Getaway.
Eight Days I believe was that one that they showed the demo for including all the bullets ripping up a car and that kind of stuff.
Oh well not coming out I guess.
The Bioshock movie which we talked about I believe last week has been confirmed of course as part of the conference call following Take Two's second quarter earnings.
They addressed the questions from different analysts about different topics and they also said that the Bioshock movie will be coming and that it's unlikely that the movie will be released alongside Bioshock 2 but it will probably make it for Bioshock 3.
So spoiler Bioshock 2 will be getting a sequel.
I don't know.
And then finally I forgot to talk about this earlier.
Rock Band the download content for this coming week.
They've got the MTV 2 pack which is going to feature.
Crap.
Yeah.
Moving to Seattle by the material.
I've never heard of them.
A Clean Shot by the Myriad.
Bullets and Guns by Them Terribles.
Those are each available for 80 Microsoft points or 240 points for the entire pack.
And finally an individual song Girls Who Play Guitars by Maximo Park.
For also 80 points.
All right.
Is that it for last minute stories.
That is it.
All right.
Well then that's going to wind down.
Oh and to answer a question you had.
Hey wait a minute you said OK.
Sorry this is answering questions it's not a story.
All right.
One block equals 128 kilobytes.
So if you do the math there.
I believe it's five.
Five hundred blocks.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow we're in wrap up the show now it's time to put the nail in the coffin of this episode of Orange Laundry.
Oh but not before we get everybody's final thought.
I will start tonight with my final thought and my final thought is that these Haribo Happy Cola gummy candies that are like the little bottles of cola.
Are like the yummiest things in the world.
I love these things.
And they're not fat which is awesome.
Dark soccer your final thought.
I want food.
Real food.
The kind you can eat and digest.
Loki your final thought.
My final thought is.
God damn it.
I got to get a hundred percent on Grand Theft Auto IV. Like one. I have to basically unlock the special ability of Packy.
Basically when you get your friendship up a certain percentage.
He'll allow you to call him to give you cars with bombs in them.
And that will kick me over to a hundred percent and I get the achievement and I'm done with the story.
Cars with bombs awesome.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry.
Thank you guys as always for tuning into independent podcasting.
We really appreciate it.
You know we do this pretty much for free and don't make any money off of it.
So we really appreciate you guys supporting us and keeping us the OLR family for almost six years now.
Very very close to that.
Thank you as always if you like what you've heard all you have to do help us spread the word about Orange Laundry.
Independent podcasting in general because you know as independent podcasting grows we all win.
All you have to do tell two friends about the show and they'll check it out and then hopefully tell two more friends and so on and so on.
Until we spread all over the world including Kenya right.
He is from Kenya.
All right.
I'm chatting with him.
All right.
All right.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio for more debauchery.
And hopefully more reminiscing about better times.
Yes.
Absolutely.
We'll see you then.
See you next week.
