Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, June 22nd, 2008,
for this Part B of our podcast, our six-year anniversary.
Here doing a show. We started launching our own station over on Live 365, Orange Lounge Radio.
The station itself actually launched in like May, but we considered June when it actually started
because that was our first live program, starring myself and Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
Loki was a special guest that night, but he worked his way up to a promotion
to being an actual full-time host, and really, it's just like he was a full host the whole time, honestly.
And here we are, so many years later, still doing this little program.
Miggletop is back joining us, Sans Blanket, Sans book. It's almost like he's actually going to participate this evening.
I finished my book.
You did?
Again, I've already read it.
What was it? Do you care to share it with us?
It's called Hero by Perry Moore.
Is it? What's it about?
It's about a superhero.
That's about it. Okay.
It's awesome.
Would it make a good video game?
No.
All right. All right.
But it might be a live action show from what I understand, so yay.
But not like heroes, heroes.
No, because this is better. We wouldn't have a crappy second season.
All right.
Mmm, nice and spinny face.
I've heard of that book. I was actually thinking about picking it up one time.
Then I shall pick it up.
All right.
And I'll actually read it if I pick it up.
We can't hear Shane, so I'm...
All right.
Then shush.
All right.
Going over to Andrew as well as joining us tonight.
You've known him as several different names throughout the years.
There was, let's see, 23rd Magus and Drew Nami.
He's still here.
And was 17 when our show started, which makes me feel old.
And I just won't leave.
I was 19, that means.
Oh, my God.
I'm still the freshman. When's my promotion?
I thought of you the other day.
Hooray. How long ago? Because I might have already been here.
It was about three days ago when I was at Dimple Records looking at High School Musical 2.
Yeah.
Anyhow, let's get back into some video game news, shall we, Loki?
Well, I will not be talking about High School Musical anything.
Yeah.
It's video games, and that's newsworthy.
No, it's not.
But there is some other stuff that's a little bit more newsworthy, and it, I guess, now does have singing involved with it.
But Guitar Hero World Tour.
There's been some brand new previews being shown off, and especially the brand new instruments.
They showed off the brand new drum controller, which looks pretty awesome, actually.
And some of the new features with it, they'll actually, the pads are a lot quieter.
Of course, you may remember that the cymbals are a little bit raised up as well.
And you've got three kind of drums on the bottom, and of course, a kick drum.
Oh, my God.
And also, they will be touch sensitive.
So when you hit them harder, they'll be louder, and so on and so forth.
Some other cool stuff. Also, it's wireless.
Now, on the guitar, remember last week we talked about a certain leak that happened about there being a touch sensitive portion of the guitar?
Well, that turns out to be true.
And actually, the, I guess, brand new touch sensitive slider on the neck will allow you to do all sorts of different things.
What are you doing?
Don't mind the music. I'm trying to prep something else for later.
But they've also got, of course, the standard five buttons as well, and then the whammy bar and that kind of thing.
But it will allow you to do, I guess, new bridges and stuff like that.
So that's kind of cool.
And of course, the usual accelerometer and that sort of thing.
Plus, the guitar just looks kind of neat overall.
And I guess it looks like, yeah, the slider it says will allow you to play with sustained notes by finger sliding up the strip area.
And it says it's also going to be used to tap out notes as well.
So that's kind of cool.
And they have lots of pictures on all your favorite gaming sites.
Of course, we did not carry them.
Alright, so what do you think?
I think it's neat. But, you know, I'm afraid, though, that the Hutch senses a portion on the bottom there for like solos and stuff.
It's enough to make it different than Rock Band.
But that's about it.
You know, if it was buttons, they would have just said, hey, you're ripping off Rock Band.
So, I don't know. I think it's gimmicky.
That's just my opinion.
The guitar looks cool to me, but the drum set totally gave me flashbacks of Drummania.
You know, you move the cymbals out and there you go.
Well, I guess we will see what happens in Guitar Hero.
I mean, are you guys going to get it?
I have it on order, but I don't know.
You might cancel that pre-order?
Yeah, because it's just like, I don't know, I don't play much of Rock Band, so why would I buy another fucking drum set?
I think it looks cool and it might be fun to play, but I'm kind of getting tired of buying peripherals and shit for games.
Especially when, you know, they keep changing the guitar up just enough so that you'll have to buy it each year.
Screw it.
Screw it!
Exactly, and besides, you know, it's neat to do the little like, you know, whammy stuff on there.
They did mention though with the new guitar there's going to be some pretty cool things you can do with the music editor, which is cool if you're into that.
But, I don't know, it's just...
When you look at all the other games, like there's also the Konami Rock Revolution, they have a music editor in there as well.
You can probably assume that Rock Band 2 also is going to have a music editor in there as well.
So it's not like it's something that's going to be exclusive to Guitar Hero.
I don't know, it's just... We haven't really heard of anything about Rock Band 2 yet.
And, to be honest, and we're probably going to cover this a little later...
E3?
Well, yeah, E3, but to be honest, we're probably going to cover this a little bit later.
There are some other peripherals out there for the current games that look pretty kick-ass as well.
And so, I mean, I don't know.
It's an improvement, but it's, I don't think, enough.
Alright, well, moving on, hopefully this is an improvement. Oh, you want to say something?
Oh, well, hold on.
Well, hopefully this is an improvement.
A lot of people were very thrilled about the Xbox 360 Blue Dragon game, although it was okay.
To me, it was like a Super Nintendo RPG on a new system, which isn't necessarily bad, but it did get a little old.
Anyhow, the game still seems to have a pretty good IP behind it,
because they just announced this week that they are going to be making a Blue Dragon collectible card game.
That's right, it's a partnership with Konami Digital Entertainment, with Mistwalker and the folks that did this,
Viz Media, made the partnership to make this game.
You might be wondering, Konami? Card game? Well, yeah, look at Yu-Gi-Oh!
And they're very excited over Konami about this game, coming from Yumi Hoshi, who is the card division VP.
I didn't even know Konami had a card division, but there you go.
Quote, we look forward to reaching out to an array of players of all ages and sharing the excitement of the group-oriented role-playing card game Blue Dragon.
It is our expectation that the character designs of esteemed creator Akira Toriyama, combined with the unique gameplay of Blue Dragon,
will create countless new fans within the card game community.
To which I say, meh.
But we'll see. Maybe there will be something really cool about it, but I don't know.
I want to also mention, because I think I mentioned this before,
but the original, I want to say Guitar Freaks 2 and 3 on, I think it was 2 or 3 or 1,
on the original Playstation had a song editor in it as well.
So this isn't anything really brand new, but I'm sure people will call it innovative, because they forget so soon.
Okay. I guess it takes about 10 years before someone forgets about you, so we have a few more years to go before people actually forget about us.
Well, something that, at least a series that I'm pretty sure no one has really forgotten about,
because Loki brought it up in an earlier part of the show, anyway.
The Raiden series, Raiden 4 is coming out on Xbox 360, hopefully in September, developed by Moss.
And we should be seeing it, actually they're saying in Japan by September, according to Famitsu.
It will have new stages and Xbox Live support, you can share your saved games with people,
and it also supports swivel monitors so that you can use it in the portrait position.
So, you know, a lot of the old shooters used to have that capability, you know.
You could turn your TV on the side and it would work the same way.
So, I think this will be cool, although I don't, you know, don't turn your 15 inch, you know, TVs on their end unless you got a proper stand for it or something.
But, that's pretty cool, I love this game series, it's one of my favorite shooters ever.
So cool.
Well, I'm looking forward to Raiden as well, I know they have that, it's like a compilation of the Raiden, I forget they call it Raiden something.
But, anyways, some other cool stuff coming out to Xbox 360 pretty soon.
And we've heard about this game for quite a while now, but it's apparently being released, I think next week actually, Happy Tree Friends False Alarm.
Yes, it's coming out on June 25th.
And then there's also another game which is kind of along the same lines as Catan or Carcassonne,
but Ticket to Ride is another board game now turned Xbox Live Arcade game that's going to be coming out sometime soon.
I've never heard of this, what's this about?
It's about trains, you actually move, you set up train routes or whatever and whoever has the longest routes you get points and stuff like that.
It's been pretty popular with people like, you know, those other games.
But no word on when that one's coming out, but probably relatively soon, now that it has an Xbox.com page.
Hmm.
Well, I guess we'll see what happens with that.
Oh, and actually the speculation though from Xbox 360 fanboys, that the last time that Xbox pages appeared for unreleased Xbox Live Arcade games,
Frogger 2 and Commando 3, they appeared the very next week.
So, Happy Tree Friends and maybe Ticket to Ride next week, or this week.
Speaking of speculation and the Xbox 360, you remember that big mass of things that leaked last week,
the rumors that were probably taken down by the way the next day, and nobody wants to comment on that whole situation.
One of the games that was revealed in that was Lips, which is a pretty interesting sounding karaoke game,
where you were going to be able to actually put in your own songs and it would actually take out the vocals.
Well, this might make it even cooler. We were kind of joking about this game in part A.
Elite Beat Agents, the team behind Elite Beat Agents was INIS.
INIS was the company behind Elite Beat Agents.
Well, what's kind of interesting is a lot of people have been kind of putting pieces together,
and then an anonymous tipster showed up on Joystiq, apparently saying that INIS is actually the ones that are developing Lips on the Xbox 360.
It kind of makes sense because you already knew that they were working on an Xbox 360 game,
and it was probably going to be music-based. All the pieces are coming together. So, kind of neat.
That just sounds like a game that I recently actually watched a commercial for.
What's that?
Coming out in Japan. For the life of me, I'm trying to remember the name of it.
But it's a karaoke game, and you can actually program your own music into it, as well as sing along with songs that you can enter into it.
And it's something band. I want to say...
And it made me think of Degrassi because the name is similar to it, but I'm trying to find the name of it.
So, give me a second. I'll see if I can't get it.
It's kind of random. It makes you think of Degrassi.
Well, no. The name looks a lot like it.
There needs to be a game about Degrassi because I watch that show religiously.
What would you do in a Degrassi game?
Fawn over Marco.
Shut up.
Yes. We'll not be fawning over Marco.
Maybe Guitar Hero World Tour, though.
Good news, though, and we were kind of worried about this, but like some of the other music games out there,
Guitar Hero 3 downloads will work in Guitar Hero World Tour.
Hooray!
So, you know, if you're worried about downloading all those tracks for Guitar Hero 3,
only to have them not work in the end of October, fear not.
But if you do have to buy a copy of Guitar Hero Aerosmith, they will not work in that.
Which I don't understand why, but whatever.
Well, in other rock band related news, Offspring is going to be having some songs coming soon.
They're supposed to be...
Well, I mean, this week we already got it then Sevenfold songs,
but Offspring is going to be having...
As soon as my thing goes back to the stupid page, sorry.
There we go.
Sorry, my computer is deciding that it doesn't want to cooperate.
Fly radio?
Come out and play, self-esteem, gone away, all I want, pretty fly for a white guy, and the kids aren't alright.
So, that's according to Offspring's official website.
So now I'll actually have all I want in the game, and I can pretend I'm playing Crazy Taxi.
Sure.
If that's what I want to do.
Sounds like fun.
Yep.
Alright, well what also sounds like fun are these cute little bobbleheads.
They're Halo themed bobbleheads, and they're going to be coming to you at Comic-Con.
So, you actually...
Oh, I found the name of the band, the thing is Digaso Band.
It's kind of like Digasi, a little bit, a little bit.
Well, anyway, this comes from the Bungie's weekly update.
Apparently Halo is actually going to be...
The Bungie is actually going to be at Comic-Con, but only in minimal capacity.
But there will be Microsoft people there, and apparently they're going to actually have Spartan and Master Chief little bobbleheads that they're going to have.
And also they're kind of hyping up the Halo novel.
Because, you know, there's some people that are into actually just getting novelizations about the Halo game.
I don't know.
Have you ever read novels based on video games?
The only ones I ever did were those old, old, old ones by...
What was the name? FX9 or something?
Yeah, like Castlevania.
I actually read the novelizations. A lot of the Warcraft and Starcraft novelizations are fairly well written.
I think you can read a lot of that stuff online.
What kind of stories can people expect to hear in the Warcraft novelizations?
Side stories, alternate retellings of stuff like the War of the Ancients, which happens way, way, way before Warcraft III.
It's actually become canon now. You see a lot of the characters from those novels in World of Warcraft.
Including, like in Eastern Plaguelands, you see some of the novel characters that they added in updates.
And the whole new Sunwell raid is based off the Warcraft manga.
So it's actually fairly deep, if you're interested in such things.
Okay.
Well, I think it's time for us to get to a segment here on Orange Lounge Radio, which we haven't done in a while.
I don't remember the last time we did this segment, actually. It was quite some time ago.
I'm sure over on the wiki, they have it all figured out.
If you want to check out the wiki, it's orangeloungeradio.wiki.com, I want to say it is.
But we're going to bring back an old segment we haven't done in a while in honor of our sixth anniversary, and it's called Listless.
Sorry, I'm just reading this comment in the chat.
SSJ100Matt says, no one will buy the novelization because there's no teabagging in it.
Before I forget, too, I did post a link to that commercial in the chatroom.
It's Digaso Bandbrothers, is what it is.
Alright. Well, let's talk about Listless tonight.
Listless is a game we like to play here on Orange Lounge Radio where we come up with a definitive list of something.
Tonight, that something is going back to our roots, and we're going to take a look.
DDR is celebrating its tenth anniversary this year.
We're looking at the sixth year of Orange Lounge Radio.
If you remember, Orange Lounge Radio was formed because DarkSoccer, myself, and Loki all actually met playing DDR at the arcade.
I know, crazy, but true. It's how it actually happened.
We all met through that and decided to start this radio show because of it.
So when we started Orange Lounge Radio, it was about strictly pretty much music-based video games and what was going on at the scene.
Tournaments, you know, all that kind of stuff.
So anyhow, tonight we're actually going to sort of look back at that and try to decide, with our scientific Listless process,
the best Bamani song of the past ten years.
That could be DDR, 2DX, anything is fair game.
So here's how it works.
All five of us here in studio tonight, that would be myself, DarkSoccer, Loki, Drew, and Miklotov, have all picked their top three, which will compile into a list of fifteen.
Then each one of us will go around and take one song off the list, and that will leave us with a list of ten.
Once we have that list of ten, you in the chatroom get to vote on your number one and your number two picks, and we will come up with a definitive list.
And I'm sure, since we have a lot of people that still listen to this show after all this time, who also love Bamani, we're probably going to piss you off with the stuff we left out.
But keep in mind, we only had room for three songs on each of our lists over the past ten years, and we can pick whatever the hell we want.
So unfortunately, I need to kill Crystal Waters here, because tonight I'm going to try to play clips from the songs.
For those of you that do not know the Bamani game so well, at least you can feel like you know what we're talking about, so we can play some clips of the songs for you guys.
So, sorry Crystal Waters, you're out tonight. But meantime, we're going to go around and start the list.
So I'll start with Miklotov. He can go first, since he decided to sleep through part A.
And what is your number three pick tonight, Miklotov?
Well, assuming my list didn't get changed when I had it to.
No, everything's fine with the list.
Alright, it is Turning the Motor Over.
That's my favorite. Yeah, it's freaking awesome. I don't know how to describe it. The singer guy, Jeff Pugh, is just like being green with his voice.
And it's a great song. It just got revived in a home version of 2DX Gold, because it's that awesome.
This one's actually really fun to play, and it's quite cool.
Alright, Shane's number three is Turning the Motor Over. Let's go over to Drew. What is your number three pick tonight?
My number three pick is Bitmania.
Bitmania. And this was from 2DX 8th Style, if I've done my research right.
What is it about this song that makes you want to put it on the list?
It's old-school, and it's got a very clear vocal part to it. It makes it really good to play, especially when you're playing 8th Style over in Scandia for the first time.
And this is the first time I've played on an arcade machine.
Alright, there's Drew's number three pick, Bitmania. We'll start with Loki. What's your number three pick?
My number three pick is Rain of Sorrow, and it's from Max 2.
And it was fun. It was like, I don't know, I just like the steps in it. And it just had really fun steps, and it was a catchy song.
Alright, Rain of Sorrow is Loki's number three pick. Let's listen to it for a little bit.
Alright, Rain of Sorrow is Loki's number three pick. You wanna go next, Jamie, or you want me to go?
I can go.
Alright, what do you want?
Brilliant To You OG, from DDR 2nd Mix.
Is your number three pick?
Oh, sorry, my number three?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's my number three.
Alright, Brilliant To You OG Mix.
And why this song?
It used to be my very favorite, but I have actually changed my mind on my official number one because of the fun factor.
So, this one, though, was like the song I played every freaking time I played a 2-second mix, because that was my first one that I actually owned.
Although the first one I played was a 1.5.
Alright.
It's old school.
My number three pick, I love this song. It's from B-Mania 2DX.
Actually, I wanna say it showed up early in fifth style, but it actually was a full song in sixth style.
Love Is Dreaminess.
And I love the video.
The video is so freaking adorable.
That almost makes the song a little guy with little arms.
Look it up on YouTube if you've never seen it.
Alright, so Love Is Dreaminess.
So, so far on the list, turning the motor over, B-Mania, Reign Of Sorrow, Brilliant To You OG Mix, and Love Is Dreaminess.
Shane, what did you pick for number two?
I picked, oops, sorry.
I picked, what did I pick?
Right On Time from Guitar Freak's Drummania, because that was like the first Drummania song I ever played.
And it was like so freaking good.
Yeah, just the constant having it.
It's so good.
I didn't even do the chorus. I hate it.
Better?
I think what I was telling Shane is that I called the song The Armbreaker when I got good enough at Drummania to play this one in the intermediate.
It was, yeah.
It was all the drumming, it was all on the left side, and then you had to hit your cymbal really on the little splash part, so.
Alright. Andrew, your number two pick.
My number two pick is Caution.
Now why this one? This is like from old school.
Well, it ought to be obvious that I used to follow DDR freestyle, and nothing reminds me of DDR freestyle, like AP style.
And you have the classic Caution Drop.
That's used to love seeing videos take over.
Can you describe what a Caution Drop is for those that weren't listening to our show when we were doing DDR stuff?
Alright. Caution Drop is one of the classic DDR freestyle moves.
Basically, the freestyler hops onto up and right, and then drops back onto their hands onto down and left.
So they just kind of slam back down onto the pad.
It's cool when it's done right, but it can hurt you a lot if you do it wrong.
Alright. Caution, also known as, I can probably not pronounce this.
Wongo, Gongo? Or Don't Bother Me, because that's what it was called in Pump It Up, because it's a better game.
Alright, there you have it.
Alright. So, Loki, what was your, I'm getting all mixed up here, trying to juggle like five different screens here.
Loki, what was your number two pick?
My number two pick was Era, the nostril mix, or whatever it is.
The nostril mix.
No, it wasn't nostril.
Because it was just a cool song. And it's packed.
And our live listeners heard this during the break tonight.
Yes.
I don't know.
Alright, there you have it. Era, the nostril mix. Remember, you guys and Jack...
Actually, I think it was one of the first songs that had the speed change in DDR fourth mix, I want to say.
Yeah.
Well, unless you consider, was it...
Absolute.
No, that was fifth mix. I was thinking...
.59
No,.59 was also fourth. There is that Love... whatever, I'll remember it. From third mix.
Love This Feelin'?
Yes, Love This Feelin'. That had a speed change.
Thanks, GS68.
I have a funny story about this song.
Go ahead.
It's... I scared Dan one time. I don't know if he remembers this, but the first time I ever beat that song in Seven Key, I screamed.
Because I had been trying for like an hour, doing nothing but playing that song.
And he's like, what's wrong? I beat Era O.
And he went back to doing what he was doing.
So, that's it.
Alright.
Sorry, I was turning on the lights in the studio.
I can't leave this computer chair for like two seconds.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what would your number two pick be?
My number two pick is Dancer from Beatmania 8th Style.
Beatmania 2DX 8th Style.
That's not the Beatmania version.
Yeah, it is. This is it. This is the middle of it.
There's an album version of it.
Oh, gotcha.
But no, I like that song because you just have people dancing in the background and doing the stupid arm-waving pose and holding up a doll.
The video was the greatest 2DX video they ever made. Period. I don't think they made a better video than Dancer.
Alright.
So Dancer is Jamie's number two pick. Okay, my number two pick. I gotta preface this.
You're gonna hate my number two pick. And I don't care. Screw you.
Because honestly, it's my list of top three.
And honestly, I can say this was all honesty.
If it were not for this song, or more specifically, this band, I would not have been all gaga over Japanese DDR as I was.
This band was an enabler to me for DDR.
Uh oh.
And that's why my number two pick is Erotic with Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick.
Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick, my number two pick.
Alright, yes, with the crappy rapping and everything. You just gotta love it. It's so bad.
Alright, um, now we get to the number one picks, right? We have a list of ten.
So let's add the number ones.
Shane, Mikletov, what is your number one favorite Bimani song of all time?
Um, my number one favorite Bimani song of all time would be Boom Boom Dollar from DDR.
Because it is the first DDR song I ever heard.
And the lyrics cracked me up because I didn't know what was going on because I just heard it on like an internet radio thing I used to listen to.
And so I thought the premise of DDR was you had to hit the arrows for more time.
Because it said, pushing all the buttons more times.
And now I understand it's kind of true because if you don't hit the arrows, you die.
But it's not the way I thought.
And I love this song so much.
Nice. There you have it. Boom Boom Dollar.
Mikletov's number one favorite Bimani song of all time.
Drew, what is your number one most favoritest Bimani song of all time?
It was so hard to pick and I know I'm going to piss off the other old school people.
But I have to say, my number one is Zephyr.
Everything about this song is great.
It's epic.
The video, the vocals, the strings, the vocals.
It's a hell of a song.
This song is pretty fucking epic, I will say that.
It just screams epic.
This is the song that you imagine Itagaki burning things to.
Alright, Loki, your number one favorite Bimani song of all time.
This is probably one of the first songs I ever played.
And I have to say, out of all the songs I've played in DDR, I'd say I've probably played this song the most.
And it's been in, I would say, probably the most DDR mixes possible.
Dynamite Rave.
You know, Dynamite Rave is one of those songs that age well.
Because I remember in the beginning of this show, we used to make fun of this song all the freaking time.
Because we were just so annoyed by it, how it showed up everywhere.
But looking back like six years now, this song was actually pretty fun.
Drop E and hump the coin return.
I remember somebody doing a routine to this.
He was in this room.
Yes, remember the Scat tournament.
Sacramento's cosplaying tournament.
Yes, I forgot everything else.
It wasn't me that thought of the acronym, okay?
Somebody don't talk anymore.
The Scat is...
Not what you're thinking of.
Alright.
Dark Sakura, your number one favorite Bamani song of all freaking time.
I would have to say that I'm gonna go with Heaven is a 57 metallic gray just because it's so fun.
Isn't that fun?
Although I think it was funny that the original name was just me.
What, Heaven is a 57 Chevrolet?
Yeah.
I think they didn't want that.
They couldn't get licensing on it.
The steps on EDR are really fun.
I like it in Dance Maniacs.
The reason I like it in Dance Maniacs is because you do the whole knee squirrel and everything.
It has you doing stuff that requires lower body and upper body, so it actually looks a bit more like you're dancing with it.
And it's very swingy. I think it's fun.
And Dance Maniacs is kind of the forgotten Bamani game, sadly, too.
Table Waxing Revolution.
That and Keyboard Mania are off in a corner crying.
It's all about Dance Maniacs, second.
Dampen.
In Marathon Mode, center.
That's happy right there.
All right. That just leaves me one more song for the list.
And no one cares, so bye.
I'm kidding.
What?
Heart.
Okay.
And this song, my number one favorite, is also kind of an enabler of sorts.
Because honestly, I found a whole lot of new music because of the game this was in.
And because of this mix and everything.
Yeah, this song is just my most favorite Bamani song ever, and it's Skulk by Echo Image.
There it is. Skulk.
All right, so that leaves the list right now as this.
And while I read the list, I'm curious, Chat Room, what did we forget?
We're going to get a whole lot of that.
You know what I was almost going to put in it.
What did we forget? Yeah, what songs almost made it for you guys?
Stuff that almost made it in for me was Gatchamanote from Poppin' Music and Lupin the Third.
And the one that I was really fighting over, though, was Twinbee and the Gradius Full Speed.
It's hard to have just three, isn't it?
It is, but I had to really think of the ones that I thought were a bit more pivotal to me, so.
Right. For me, I would say songs that were so close yet so far for me.
Probably, and now I'm driving light, V35, Flotation, although nobody likes that song.
Boo!
Shut Up, I Hate You, Thunder from 2DX.
Flotation was good, shut up.
They're like all 2DX songs after those 2DDR songs I have.
Miklotov, what was close for you?
Yeah, I had Rock Beat and Wanda down for my four and five just in case my other three got taken.
Yeah, but I also just realized I really should have put such a feeling, or not such a feeling.
What was it called?
No, no, it's one from DDR Hottest Party because it really brought back the feeling of DDR for me just the way it sounds.
It's by Yuichi, so it's pretty good.
I was just going to say I didn't put Love in there, which was like my song on repeat for a long time.
We're getting lots of people in chat saying how could we not have Captain Jack on the list.
Not a one of us named Captain Jack.
Shane says it's because he's dead.
It's not that, I don't know, you know what?
I have a CD.
The songs were catchy, they just weren't my favorite.
All Captain Jack says is nice too.
I grew Charlie Nash says Moonlight Shadow, I love that song.
That's a good one.
It's an ordinary, or not ordinary world, that's okay, Ghost and Drifting Away for me.
Loki?
I liked, was it Fantasy from Max 2?
No, no, not the Eurobeat one, the other Fantasy.
The one that was in 2DX 4 style, right?
No, no, not that one, the one that was only in Max 2.
Too many songs named Fantasy.
Yeah, it was cool.
And also, I would say probably, cause we gotta, can't forget about guitar freaks, Fire.
Cause that was awesome.
And End of the Century.
Frisbee says DXY.
Holic, we're getting yelled at for forgetting.
We do have a taco song in there.
And what was it, you know, we probably like, was it Baquah?
But I, what was the third Korean song that I used to play all the time?
I love Face.
Drew, quickly?
Oh man, there were so many that I'd forgotten at the last minute.
I'm like, I wanna change my mind on the number one.
My backups were Legend of Max, Murmur Twins.
Murmur Twins is good.
Jack and Mark Get Busy.
And what was going to be my number one at the last minute, I'm like, oh crap, he's gonna do it anyway.
LED Something Wonderful.
I have to offer the suggestions that Sauce gave me.
It was Boom Boom Dollar and El Ritmo Tropical, even though we put Boom Boom Dollar in there.
Bobby Black Wolf, our buddy before us here on Sunday Nights on All Games says, what, No Linus?
I like that song.
It sounds pretty cool.
It's hard.
Alright.
And Cheer Train.
No, no, no, no, no.
What was the one that had the stick figures doing the hadoken with the heart in the video?
I don't remember.
I love that song and I can't even remember the name of it.
There's a really difficult task ahead of us now and that is we have to reduce this list of 15 to 10.
This is going to be painful.
No one take it personally.
Alright.
It's just a game.
Alright.
Here we go.
Here's the list of stands so far.
Turning the Motor Over, Bitmania, Rain of Sorrow, Brilliant To You, OG Mix, Love Is Dreamyness, Right On Time, Caution, Era, Dancer, Oh Nick Please Not So Quick, Boom Boom Dollar, Zephyr, Dynamite Rave, Heaven Is A 57, Metallic Grey, and Skulk.
Miklotov, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
What's the list again?
You come over here and look.
I'm not reading it again for our poor radio listeners.
I totally had it for a second.
You were too damn lazy to take a little effort and think about it.
Oh, I'm taking Caution off there because it was better in Pump.
Oh, Caution.
Same thing in Pump, just a little longer.
Caution has been stricken from the list.
Drew, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
Ah.
Boom Boom Dollar is off the list.
Oh, snap.
Oh, snap.
But it's on.
It is on.
Boom Boom Dollar has been stricken from the list.
I think that he just did that so that Shane would go pout.
As Miklotov runs off to pout.
Loki, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
You know, I just don't like Zephyr.
Oh, you wound me again.
Zephyr is off the list.
Now we're down to 12.
Dark Sakura, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
I am going to go with...
Take his other song out.
He's only got one left.
Come on.
Yeah, but it's Bitmania, isn't it?
No, Bitmania stays in.
Yeah, Bitmania has to stay.
I'm sorry.
Shane is trying to conspire to get Drew's final song off the list.
I am...
Will you buy me a chocolate?
No.
No.
I'm not taking bribes.
I'm going to say Reign of Sorrow.
Reign of Sorrow has been stricken from the list.
All right, gosh, that was the one I was going to take.
So we have Turning the Motor Over, Bitmania, Brilliant TU OG Mix,
Love is Dreaminess, Right on Time, Era, Dancer, Oh Nick Please Not So Quick,
Dynamite Rave, Heaven is a 57, Metallic Grey, and Skulk.
I can't believe Erotic survived that round.
Oh, God, this is hard.
I actually like all these songs.
I really like all these songs.
I don't know.
I'm going to...
Oh, God, I hate to do this.
I'm going to take out Dynamite Rave.
Sorry, Loki.
It just was staring me as sore thumb like,
you don't really like this song, Rob.
All right.
So we are left with 10, a list of 10.
Here it is.
Turning the Motor Over, Bitmania, Brilliant TU OG Mix,
Love is Dreaminess, Right on Time, Era, Nostal Mix, Dancer,
Oh Nick Please Not So Quick, Heaven is a 57, Metallic Grey, and Skulk.
All right.
So there it is in the chat room.
And if you would send me a private message in chat,
those of you that are listening live tonight,
with your number one and your number two picks,
make sure it's clearly listed,
or I will assume the first one is your number one pick,
and we will reveal the results of the definitive top three
Bimani songs ever.
And help me try to remember what the hell that song was to that video.
While you're at it.
With the, oh, with the stick figures.
It had the stick figure doing the heart hadoken.
I don't remember.
I love that song and I couldn't remember it.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Well, we'll get back to gaming news in the meantime.
And Dark Sakura's going to start us off.
Oh, do I gotta?
You gotta.
This is bugging me now.
Rob.
What?
Nom.
Nom, nom, nom, nom.
Nom, nom, nom, nom.
You're hungry or what?
No, it has to do with Nintendo.
Nintendo has filed a trademark in Japan that's called Nom.
Nom, nom, nom.
Nintendo online magazine.
N-O-M.
And, um, it is, uh, I really,
I guess I don't know what to say about, you know,
anything other than a Nintendo online magazine.
Um, maybe it's going to be like, well, you know,
Nintendo already publishes a regular magazine in Japan and we haven't,
I think Nintendo, isn't Nintendo Power still in publication?
Yeah.
So maybe this is just going to be condensed versions of them online.
You know, like, I guess,
doesn't EGM have their online site now and all these other places do.
So I miss Game Pro because I like pro tips.
I miss Game Pro.
I miss Game Pro TV.
Well, uh, people were saddened earlier this week when, uh,
there was a brand new Wii update to the Wii menu update 3.3,
which nullified the Twilight Princess hack and, uh,
allowed you also to, um, do something with your Miis and the Mii parade and that kind of thing.
Well, a few days later, they had already, um, thwarted the said hack.
And in fact, today they already released a brand new Twilight hack that bypasses their fix.
Go Nintendo!
You might want to call Sony and let them know how that turned out for them too.
What did the hack do?
What the hack did was it was a buffer overflow.
Um, it altered the name of Apuna and, um,
allowed basically hackers to change the name.
And so the game was looking for a certain name and it over,
it was too large for what it was supposed to be and it caused it to crash.
And then they ran their own code on top of that.
So it didn't affect people that already had the homebrew channel installed in their system,
but now it doesn't even matter anymore.
So, if you're still interested in homebrew or other things,
um, the brand new Twilight hack has been released.
So, enjoy.
Hmm.
Do you think, uh, this is going to become an ongoing battle like Sony versus their homebrew people?
Yes, I do.
All right. Yes, I do.
All right.
Um, well, you know, last week I got a little angsty over the whole lack of storage space on the Wii.
Well, somebody appears to be doing something about it, kinda, sorta.
And it has to do with Guitar Hero World Tour.
Um, what's pretty cool about this is that you can actually save songs to a rock archive on an SD card.
You can play songs off the card without even copying them over first.
Meaning that download content will be available to save on an SD card.
Thank you, somebody, for figuring this out. And, uh, it just proves it's possible.
And Nintendo just needs to patch their dang system already to make this happen.
I'm surprised Rock Band didn't do it first.
But with, you know, Rock Band coming out for Wii and all the downloadable content that could be there, but isn't.
Yeah.
All right. Well, that'll be kinda cool.
And I'm happy to see that, uh, the Wii will get to participate in that download content.
So I'm kinda curious how they're gonna incorporate that into the store-thor.
The store-thor? The store, though. That should be, um, interesting.
Kinda curious to see how that's gonna work.
But I guess we'll find out when the game gets a little closer to being out.
Meanwhile, we wanna hear what you have to say.
Mailbagorangeloungeradio.com is the place where you can send your emails every week.
And every week Dark Soccer will open up the mailbag, jump on in, and pull out her favorite emails to read to you.
And she's gonna do that right now.
I'm still mad that no one's found me the name of that song.
Sorry.
First email!
Comes from Spazzinator.
Hi, everyone! It's called Quick Question, but the letter really isn't anything but, so I'm still gonna read it.
Hi, everyone. I'm hoping to, uh, get your input on an ongoing debate that I'm having with someone.
The debate is whether or not any online interaction people...
Okay, first of all, almost this person's E's in the first paragraphs are R's, so it's really bizarre.
If any online interactions people have had with each other, whether it be MMOs like World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy XI or any other online game, for that matter, constitute socializing.
Yes.
My line of thought is that these online interactions is indeed socializing.
I categorize socializing as the interaction between two or more people for non-business AKA fun purposes, regardless of the medium involved, whether it be in-person, online, or whatever.
As long as person A interacts with person B and vice versa, and it's non-business related, it's socializing.
The only limiting factor in online socializing is that you cannot as of yet beat the living snot out of some other people, nor can you have sex with them.
We're working on that, I'm sure.
They fake it.
On both counts.
Those two things, you have to have that in person.
Is this to say that one is better than the other? I don't think so.
In some cases, in-person socializing is not feasible due to distance and whatnot.
How many people are really going to travel hundreds if not thousands of miles to socialize and play games with another person when online will suffice, especially with these high-as-hell gas prices?
What is your take on this issue?
I actually do agree that it is socializing.
A community is a community.
Back in the days when I played a fantasy star online blue burst, we had our groups, we were hanging out and chatting about crap while we busted the crap out of things.
I hang out with people on Ragnarok, I hang out with a lot of people online.
It's really just another medium of communication.
WoW for me is especially like that because we go around and we're doing our thing in Warcraft, but I'm having more fun just chatting on Ventrilo and all the crazy antics that happen on there, talking to people.
It's like a party chat.
I'm going to have to make the distinction here.
Talking to other people on a global game scale, like say on your server in WoW or in Final Fantasy, that's not socializing. You're just there.
When you get down to the guild level or the IRC channel level, stuff like that, the guild, the party, the channel, whatever it is, that would probably be a social community albeit not a very personal one at first.
But that would be how you define community, as in your smaller guilds, not your entire server.
But other than that, I think it's a perfectly viable form of socializing.
I have to quote something that Sas just told me.
Some people spend hours talking on the phone, other people spend hours talking in IM. Same difference.
True.
Especially with a lot of long-distance friendships that technology has allowed us to build. Back in the day, you'd have a pen pal in a faraway place, and that was pretty much it.
But thanks to the internet, you can talk to somebody in a whole other country as easily.
I mean, look at our show. We have people calling us from other countries. It doesn't cost them anything, thanks to Skype.
All my family, a lot of my friends are all over the country, and this is how I keep in touch with them.
And I think that, in fact, hold on, somebody else, in case you said, okay, fine. Sorry for misquoting you. She said diff, not difference, whatever.
I'm going to look up something, though, so somebody else add to that.
Well, I was just going to say real quick that we've joked plenty of times, you know, or at least I've said this, is that World of Warcraft is just a chat room with a fireball spell.
You know?
A very bad chat room.
It's fun, no, it's a great game.
Again, on the guild level, it's a very good chat room. In Baron's Chat, it's a very bad chat room.
You just turn off Baron's Chat. That's what I do.
Trade Chat.
I shouldn't have to.
Trade Chat is the new Baron's Chat, by the way.
I shouldn't have to.
Going to dictionary.com, which I love, especially for my stupid nutrition class with my really anal teacher. Socialize is defined as taking part in social activities, interacting with others, or to train for a social environment, to prepare for social life, or to conform to, oh, that's socialism, sorry.
But another one listed on here is to associate or mingle sociably with others.
It does not say anywhere in any of these dozens of definitions to physically interact.
That's called punching or boinking or slapping.
Nice.
Or staring at them.
Bonk.
So by the dictionary, there is no requirement to be in person to socialize.
I believe NintendoManiac64 rejects your analysis.
He says BaDictionary.com. It's all about the dictionary now. I'm just kidding.
WTF ever.
Yeah, Urban Dictionary is the best.
That's a big freaking whatever.
I name all my WoW characters off of Urban Dictionary.
You do?
Yes.
Like what?
Well, my main character is called Sassy Pants.
You know what I still remember?
What?
Lil Kim.
Yeah.
Yeah, Lil Kim was my Final Fantasy XI character.
Final Fantasy XI.
No, my newest one I just rolled the other night is Drama Llama.
A girl who spits out her drama everywhere like a llama.
I hate people like that.
So to conclude this letter.
Also, if I may, I would like to give a quick shout out to some people that I didn't get a chance to when I called in last week.
Hello to everyone in the Limit Break Radio link shell on the Odin server on Final Fantasy XI.
I played on that server for five seconds.
And everyone in the Happy Haven link shell on the Alexander server on Final Fantasy XI.
Especially Digby Reloaded, Jaden, Brina, and Reiku.
Thanks in advance.
Oh, memories of Final Fantasy XI.
You know, it's too bad Minkolatov ran off to pout because this would be the part where I might say he's trying to get me to play again.
And I told him no.
I just can't.
Thinking of playing again makes me want to vomit.
I can't.
Call of Taku compels you.
I can't.
No disrespect to those still playing.
I just, I can't.
I'm already playing a good game.
It's like a bad breakup.
To go on with the next email, and this is coming from Robert M.
Glad to see you're all doing well.
Shifting without a clutch.
From what I've heard from the press releases for the upcoming Guitar Hero World Tour, AKA GH4.
It will indeed allow you to store, purchase, and download those songs onto your SD cards.
Yeah, that's what we were just talking about.
Here's to hoping more developers are able to do that.
I've also been working quite a bit on Space Invaders Extreme.
Hard to say which invaders are more annoying in multiplayer.
The mirror shields reflect types officially.
Or the ISB's assault types.
And it says this email was brought to you by Dance Dance Revolution 5th Mix Home of the Never Ending Story.
Nice.
That's the best.
By the way, when I was talking about Space Invaders Extreme in part A,
I have yet to play multiplayer because I have no friends with the game.
Except for Loki, but he'll probably never play it with me.
Poor Rob.
Poor me.
Well, this email, this next one comes from someone familiar and near and dear to all of us
who stayed with me at Fauna Mae last year.
Who?
It's from Kamira.
Ah, yes.
Hey guys, unfortunately I haven't been able to listen to the episodes lately.
Something wrong with podcasts.
Anyway, I just wanted to congratulate you all on six years of pure, unadulterated awesome.
Here's to six more years.
Take care and I think of you every Sunday.
Yay, thank you.
Thank you.
We miss you.
We miss you.
Come back and visit soon.
And one from Hippolytus.
Some thoughts.
First, Sky Dark Soccer and Loki, yes, you were all geek.
She spent ten minutes talking about D&D and then complained that somebody rightly calls you a geek as if.
No, what we complained about wasn't using geek as a derogatory.
So, which actually we very much specified several times over in the last episode.
So, as if.
I realize we left ourselves wide open for a crack like that.
But really what we were saying was not that we had a problem with the fact that he called us a geek,
but just the fact that he was being so derogatory about it when it is a flaw of the Nintendo Wii.
So, STFU, sit down.
Not you, the guy at Nintendo.
Second, updates on Saturday, really?
Okay.
Third, Patti LuPone.
Dude, it's all about Bernadette Peters if you don't have Ethel Merman.
I think it's criticizing my musical choices.
I just pulled one up in iTunes, okay?
Bernadette Peters was awesome.
She used to be on the Muppet Show all the time.
I'm sorry.
I actually really, really dig Bernadette Peters.
Okay.
Fourth, import can't decide what to eat now.
Thank you.
Mini review.
Cookbook for the DS published by Nintendo.
You can choose a recipe based on ingredients, source country, difficulty, cooking method, calories, or cooking time.
It will create a shopping list for you, and since the DS is so portable, you can take it to the market with you.
I saw that coming out, and I actually was very interested in acquiring it for my DS.
To continue, awesome features.
The recipe will read aloud all the steps to you so you don't have to look at the DS.
You can go forward and backward in the recipe with voice controls.
Continue, go back, more info.
Really, the only thing that's missing is that, remember how they had that DS cookbook came out in Japan
that had a little thing that plugged into the Game Boy Advance slot that was a magnet
so you could stick it to your fridge while you cook?
That's pretty cool.
Just to conclude the email, in addition to the wonderful photos and full voiceover,
there are also videos, yes a return of full motion video, to demonstrate difficult concepts or techniques.
In short, this game probably would be a mascot game for Orange Lounge Foodio.
This message is brought to you by Y Kitchen, home of the best-intended DS-inspired food.
I'm getting this game.
Don't worry, mama will fix it.
I'm getting this game.
No, no, no, no.
Get it, it's already been gotten.
But no, I've been major food whore lately, as in cooking everything.
I made the best beef stew, okay?
No, someone on this show, a fan of food?
But I mean, I've been cooking a whole lot lately.
And my beef stew is stupendous.
This is true, she was talking to me about her beef stew for like five minutes before the show started.
Doesn't sound good.
But she's going to make me some, so I'm okay with it.
Well I'm going to bring you some, I've got tons of it.
Apparently Junami wants to come over to my house and have beef stew.
Beefs.
More email.
Mas email.
Do I gotta?
Unless there's no more left.
There's two more.
So I heard you guys mention that this alleged Kenyan should fly the Kenyan flag outside of a Kenyan building in Kenya and throw a gang sign up or something.
An OLR gang sign or something.
So I thought he might need a little inspiration.
And the guy sent us pictures of him doing a weird OLR inspired gang sign.
Which was awesome.
I know, it's pretty cool, but no, we don't want him to fly the Kenyan, that was Rob wanting to fly the Kenyan flag.
I just wanted a picture in front of that Samara cafe so I could see how shitty it is.
But will you link those pictures in chat so that everybody can learn the OLR gang signs?
I will, and this came from Paradox Vincent.
Even though we're spreading Paradox Vincent's mug all over our chat room, I'm sure he won't mind.
All pictures you send us become our property, so nyeh.
And by our property, by our property we mean everybody's property.
That's right.
It's on the internet.
DarkSocker's currently posting those links in chat. For those of you guys not in chat, well, I guess that's incentive to join us next time. Maybe we'll post those in the forums after the show.
We are not Orange Chicken Radio.
We're not?
Joshy16 says we are Orange Chicken Radio.
But I love Orange- I almost had Orange Chicken for dinner last night.
Oh, it's Cheesecake Factory.
By the way, for those in the studio, and also there's the OLR gang sign right there.
Pretty nice, for those in the studio.
Last email! Dun dun dun! From Dwayne.
Hello, love the show. With the release of Syphon Filter 3 and Syphon Filter Dark Mirror on the Playstation Network, what are the chances that Sony will release a PS3 version of Syphon Filter, the most underrated action game ever?
Also having a PS make my home the playhouse for my nieces and nephews.
I would love to get a Guitar Hero Rock Band game for them to team up on.
But the problem is, well, let's just say we are an urban family, not trying to hear Metallica, Def Leppard, or Aerosmith unless it's with Run DMC.
More into Alicia Keys, Mary J. Blige, R. Kelly, and Jay-Z.
Heck, I will take some old Prince, Michael Jackson, or Marvin Gaye. What are the chances of getting an R&B band or DJ Hero?
Thanks, Dwayne. PS, can I get a Fuck You to gas prices?
Well, last I heard, they were working on DJ Hero, so...
A matter of time, I guess?
Eventually.
You can always buy BeatMania 2DX, which did come out on Playstation 2.
I would love a home version of Crackin' DJ so bad.
I'm sorry, didn't MTV try a game like that and fail horribly?
See, personally, I think that they're great because I have Radiohead.
I freaking love Radiohead. The only thing it needs is Blur.
Hi.
Alright. Is that it for e-mail?
Yeah, but speaking of Blur, I was watching some band on the Graham Norton show yesterday.
That's the most I've ever actually watched any significant amount of the show.
And I didn't know who they were, but some guy was playing the keyboard and I was like, this is a bad Blur impersonation.
Well, if you want to send us e-mails and get Jamie all nostalgic for her favorite bands,
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those e-mails to.
Meanwhile, we're one story away from tonight's listless results and the revival of another favorite Orange Lounge radio segment.
Listless results on their way right after one more story. Loki?
Yes. In case you're really, really, really lonely or just need something to hump, I guess.
Sega has created a robotic girlfriend for you.
Her name, I guess, is Emma, or Eternal Maiden Actualization, and she is...
She looks like an eyebo.
Yeah, she looks like an eyebo.
She looks like an eyebo.
And she stands, I guess.
I gotta say this, everyone's giggling.
18 inches tall. She can sing, dance, and totally make out with you.
I guess there is a love mode where she'll hug you and kiss nearby humans.
Wow.
She looks like an eyebo.
That's great.
It's apparently 18,000 yen or 166 dollars US if you're actually interested in this, and it's coming out in September in Japan only.
So you gotta import them girlfriends.
So what do we call her? EE for short?
Emma.
Mm-hmm.
EE.
EE.
Okay.
She looks like a freakin' eyebo, though.
Whoosh.
Nice.
Whatever.
What's the name of the cooking game that was brought up earlier? A couple people have been asking.
Um, okay, I have to...
It's Cooking Guy. Can't decide what to eat.
Alright, Darsakko will get on that later.
But for now, we're going to reveal who won tonight's List List.
Hooray.
The top three songs, the definitive list of the best Bomani songs of all time.
Not that there was any controversy in this process at all.
However, it's time to reveal the list.
Your number three pick was Bitmania.
What was your number three pick?
Your number two pick, and this kind of surprised me, was Oh Nick Please Not So Quick.
And the number one best Bomani song of all freakin' time as voted by you,
in our chatroom based on our list here in studio, was Brilliant To You, Orchestral Groove.
Which kind of fits that an Aoki song should take the title.
Well, there you have it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Our not controversial at all list.
Alright, Skulk, one point away from being on that list, and lots of them tied there in the back too.
Okay, I have a bone to pick with Skulk.
Uh oh, what's that?
It makes me drive too fast.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Alright, well, it's time for the Skype line, where you can give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
But, tonight we have a little twist on the Skype line.
We know it's an anniversary show.
We know there's a lot of people that want to call in tonight, probably.
At least there's been quite a few people in chat telling me they want to call.
We encourage everybody to call in tonight.
We'll give a little extra time for that to happen.
But, tonight we're doing something special for the phone calls.
And that is reviving one of our old favorite segments here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's something we like to call Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out on the sixth anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio?
You can call in and ask us a question now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or look us up on Skype.
Alright, so tonight, questions only on Skype.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
And yes, I pulled that right off the top of my head.
So, let's go to the first phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio. Quien es?
Okay, we have a broken phone call there.
Hey, wouldn't you know, a live radio, we're going to get that.
It would be so fitting that our first phone call would be a broken one.
Please make sure you test your connection first.
It's echo123 if you'd like to test your Skype.
You know what else we do need to do at some point?
What's that? Play old bumpers.
Okay, we'll do that before the night is over.
Get up, get up, get busy, busy before the night is over.
Alright, we have a call and this is a frequent caller, so I know this connection works.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hello, GS68. How are you?
Alright, I have a question for Junami.
Have a piece of cake first. It is our sixth anniversary.
There's a cake.
The cake is a lie.
Wait, you have to say-
No.
No, you have to say nom nom nom because you're eating cake.
Nom nom, Nintendo official, whatever.
Alright, there you go. What is your question for Junami tonight?
Have you continued playing La Milana or did you give up on it?
I haven't had much time to play La Milana, but I will get into it.
It's Nintendo hard, it's Battletoads hard, so I may get into it once I'm finished playing Hellgate for a while.
It gets easier later on.
I think as far as my Battletoads hard games go, I may start with I want to be the guy.
I want to be the guy that's just retarded.
Apples don't fall up.
They're more like giant cherries.
Exactly.
Alright, GS68, thank you for the question. Enjoy your cake!
Thanks.
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR, your username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, while we wait for some calls, Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Yes, we're going to go there.
Apparently, just in time for brand new homebrew, a brand new program has just come out called the Wii Braider.
Can you guess what it does?
I don't know. I will think about that during this call.
Hold on. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spaznator.
Spaznator, what's on your mind? What's your question tonight for us?
Oh, wait first. Hold on, hold on.
Wait, wait Spaznator. You have to enjoy the cake. Nom nom nom.
Nom nom nom.
Alright, there you go. What's your question for us tonight?
Yeah, I was wondering, just off the top of your head, do you know if there's any chance in hell that WoW will be coming to either the PS3 or to the F360?
Don't count on it, sir. This is a rumor that comes up often.
And you know, we have of course nothing official to back this up, but here's the thing.
WoW has sold millions and millions and millions of copies as it is on the PC.
And I think Blizzard realizes that most people that own consoles also own PCs somewhere in their home, so there really wouldn't be a lot of crossover potential.
Plus, I think they probably look at games that, you know, came out like Final Fantasy XI, which is a really weird analogy to use because Final Fantasy XI was originally developed for the PlayStation 2 and that's how a lot of people in Japan play it, but damn, I cannot play that game unless it's on a PC.
It's kind of hard to port a PC game to a console, especially when you consider, you know, how many different things there are to do.
And while the, you know, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 2 can take, or PlayStation 3, excuse me, can take keyboards, not a lot of people have that elaborate setup.
And I think for your game to succeed, you have to keep it simple to the console basics.
Now, here's the other thing, though. Would a WoW spinoff game like an arcade game or something else in the Warcraft universe be counted out for console?
Not necessarily. Look at Starcraft Ghost, even though that was cancelled. Something along those lines, I would say, is a much bigger possibility than actually seeing WoW itself on consoles.
Look at Champions of Norrath. That was an EverQuiz spinoff. That worked fairly well.
Except not a lot of people seem to play it for whatever reason.
Now, Warcraft 2, I mean, or World of Warcraft 2, I should more accurately say, if that ever comes out, who knows? Maybe something that's co-developed for consoles.
But honestly, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Blizzard has the biggest MMO in the world ten times over other competition. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
MMOs don't really work for consoles. I mean, with the exception of Phantasy Star Online and its sequels and Final Fantasy XI, name a successful console MMO in the States.
Yeah, I can't think of any. The only two I ever played was Final Fantasy XI and the console version of EverQuest, which came out for the PS2, but I thought the PS2 version of EverQuest was kind of crappy, though.
I don't know a lot of people that play Final Fantasy XI on Xbox 360, but Final Fantasy XI in Japan is huge on consoles.
And I know a lot of people hear the play it. It's probably the most successful console MMO.
But anyway, Spaznator, we gotta go so we can get some more questions, but thanks for your question. Enjoy your cake.
Sure, thanks.
Alright, if you want to call us, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio.
So, Wii and vibrator thing?
Yeah, Wii-brator. It's just like it sounds. It is a piece of software to turn your Wii remote into a vibrator.
They have one of this for iPods.
And it says, it's some sort of thing, it says events, vibrator simulation.
Alright, let's go back to the phones. Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio. Who's this?
Dead Pixels Zone, Raven's Dolphin.
Raven's Dolphin, the one and only, the man, the legend. Raven's Dolphin, please enjoy some cake.
I'm enjoying some pie, but that's okay.
That's alright. Pie is your preference.
Alright, Raven's Dolphin, what is your question for us here on OLR tonight?
My question to you is, over the years, you're all gamers, how much do you think you spent over the years of gaming?
I actually added up just my Bemani collection one time, and exceeded a few thousand dollars on just that.
So, I would have to say that I would value my video game collection right now at maybe about 15,000, maybe more?
Wouldn't you say?
I honestly don't know Raven's Dolphin, and if I were to think about it, I would probably want to go hang myself.
No, not really, not really. I shouldn't be ashamed of it.
But, you know, think about the MMOs I've played over the years.
You know, $15 a month here, $12 a month there.
That alone has been, I spend easily $100 a month, and then during the holidays, new consoles come out even more on games.
God, it's a lot, Raven's Dolphin.
Easily, probably in the time that we've been doing OLR alone, I would say, what, six years? $10,000. Easily.
Do consoles and PC hardware count in that?
Everything that is gaming.
I'd have to say, aside from games that were lost, I'd say hardware and software, easily $3,000, $4,000 worth of games.
It includes the computers I've built, and the consoles that I've bought, and monthly fees. It's really a lot.
Loki, you do even dare to answer this question?
I don't even know. I'm not even going to try to guess.
It will make me want to cry.
So, Raven's Dolphin, thank you very much for your call, making us all want to slash our wrists.
I'm sorry, bye.
Enjoy your cake.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, where our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hello there, OrangeLounge. This is the, well, what? The other one from Sweden.
Our Swedish listener. We love you. How are you?
Hello.
Well, for you, an extra big piece of cake. Enjoy. Nom nom nom.
Um, duh, damn. Just, ow, damn. Just a minute.
Okay, what was my question?
I think there was a weird, like, intergalactical transmission while he was trying to eat cake there.
I was getting flashbacks from Max Headroom.
No, we're in dream cakes in my case.
Alright, okay, what's your question? I'm sorry.
My question was, Rob, how do you enjoy the end-gaming in World of Warcraft?
How am I enjoying end-gaming in World of Warcraft?
Great question, because I've been recently going into raids, 25-man raids now, like Serpent Shrine Cavern,
and it's amazing how well-organized a lot of groups are and almost treat it like it's like a job.
Like, it's amazing, like, you know, you gotta show up on time and you gotta be there,
and if you don't perform well, then you may not come back the next week,
and it's fascinating the kind of culture around it.
But as far as some, there certainly isn't a shortage of things to do when you hit level 70 in WoW.
I think Blizzard's done a pretty good job of having a lot of end-game content,
and the thing I really like about WoW, especially versus Final Fantasy XI,
I was playing that, and I don't mean to get the Final Fantasy XI fans to hate me,
because certainly there is a huge sense of accomplishment when you hit a job level 75
in Final Fantasy XI, but it's so much more achievable to actually hit an end-game character in WoW
and get into that content than it was in Final Fantasy XI.
I mean, I played for many years Final Fantasy XI, and I got maybe as high as like 56,
I mean, just because I kept going back and forth between characters and stuff,
and so I never really got to experience end-game content there,
so I think WoW found a really good balance.
End-game content in Final Fantasy XI.
Well, but here's the other thing. Isn't that that Blizzard is actively pushing people
getting towards the end since Squeenix didn't do that exactly?
Well, yeah, because Blizzard has kind of reduced the experience caps to make it quicker
to get to the Burning Crusade content, and the kind of speculation is
there's going to be kind of an easier way to get to 80 too.
You're going to be able to make characters that start at level 55 in the new expansion,
but you have to already have a level 55, but it's still kind of interesting that they're doing that.
But yeah, I love how Blizzard patches their game like all the time with new stuff,
and to be fair, you know, other MMOs I've played, and I keep going back to Final Fantasy XI,
but only because I've played that for so long, they do that too,
but Blizzard, when they have a whole freaking new zone to it with new quests, it's great.
Well, the reason behind all that motivation, I mean, Rob, you're into end-game now,
you're raiding, you know how certain encounters are gear checks, and some are skill checks?
You go to Karazhan nowadays, which is your starting raid.
Nightbane? That is your motivation check.
If you keep wiping to Nightbane and you give up, you're not cut out for raiding.
You know what's funny? I still haven't fought Nightbane.
Every time my guild beat it, I wasn't there, but we pretty much have Chara on farm status now.
I never got to Chara. I stopped raiding at Molten Core.
Oh, well that's also nice. See, I missed all that stuff.
By the way, thanks for the thing on Nightbane, whatever your name was, since I don't remember.
It's Drew.
Drew, thank you. The reason I'm asking is that a few, like last week or so,
I myself actually dinged 70 on a shaman, troll shaman, so there's my reason for asking, by the way.
Well, Gratz, just take it nice and easy, work on getting your gear up, and you'll be ready for Chara in no time.
Prepare for a lifetime of healing. That's all I have to say.
Well, it depends what type he is.
All right, we've got to let you go though, buddy. We're running over.
Yeah, thank you.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for the question. Enjoy your cake.
All right, 1877gameolr, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
I would think you'd know that by now, but if you don't, there you have it again.
Any other last minute stories for us, Loki, while we wait for a few more calls?
I have one.
Oh, we got another call, sorry.
Hi, Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you are?
Hi, this is Gold Banjo.
Hi, Gold Banjo. Do you have a... Oh, wait, first, we'd like you to have a piece of cake. Here you go.
Oh, yummy, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
We'll take it. All right, what's on your mind, Gold Banjo?
Yeah, I know I did it a little wrong.
Anyway, speaking of cake and pie and all that good stuff, what's your guys' favorite desserts?
There's the randomness I've come to love and expect out of Orange Launch Radio. Ask Orange Launch. Dark Sakura.
It was, for the longest time, carrot cake, but I have found something that I think I like just a little bit more,
and that's carrot cake cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory. Stuff is fucking awesome. Amen.
I love carrot cake.
That sounds good. Loki.
My favorite dessert had to have been from my old boss that I worked under at Round Table.
He opened his own restaurant called BJ's, and he had a... it was a 50-50, basically, you know,
orange sherbet and vanilla ice cream with whipped cream and stuff like that. It was fucking awesome.
And unfortunately, no other 50-50s have been equal to it, so...
Well, speaking of BJ's, there's a restaurant chain. I don't know how wide this chain is.
The Brewery.
Yeah, the Brewery. It's called BJ's, and they have a dessert there that is definitely my favorite.
The Pizookie.
It's called the Pizookie. The peanut butter Pizookie is so frickin' good. Oh my God.
I have sadness about the Pizookie.
What?
I actually... they... I can't... I've had one twice now, and both times I've gotten violently ill.
Oh, it's a crime, because those things are so frickin' good. I'm sorry. I won't say it.
I feel your pain. I can't have them anymore because of the low-fat thing.
So, there you have it. Drew, quickly.
Alright, cake pie jokes aside, I'd have to say mine's a toss-up between classic root beer float and chocolate soup.
Ew, that sounds gross.
No, no, chocolate soup... here we are. Chocolate soup is warm chocolate brownie, fudge brownie, topped with chocolate pudding and chocolate whipped cream.
Well, you bastard, thanks.
It's really good.
Thanks for making us all hungry, but no, I'm just kidding. Really quickly, do you have a favorite dessert, Gold Banjo?
Ah, jeez. I should have probably thought of that before I even came on. I don't know. I just like ice cream.
With roclo, please. Now you've learned your lesson. Don't dish it out if you can't take it. No, I'm kidding.
I know, it's hard when you're put on the spot. We've had six years to practice.
Alright, well, Gold Banjo, enjoy your cake, and we'll put a little ice cream on it for you, and enjoy, and thanks for the question.
Yep, bye.
Alright, 1877 game OLR, username on Skyporns, launch radio, Jamie, you had a last minute story.
I did, and this was once sent to us by Rob with two B's.
Yes.
You know, I love Disneyland.
Me too.
I love California Adventure.
I want to go back to Disneyland.
But you know, California Adventure is being given this massive facelift, right?
Makeover.
Well, yeah.
At any rate, because, well, they've lost a lot of money.
So what they've done at Paradise Pier is they've taken a lot of the Midway stuff, and underneath California Screamin', which is the big roller coaster there, they put something called Midway Mania.
Which is, it's, I'm trying to find exactly.
That's not the new Toy Story ride?
No.
Oh, I thought it was.
No, no, it is, sorry, it is the new Toy Story ride.
Oh, okay.
Which looks cool.
But it's basically different 3D challenges and mini games and stuff that goes through it.
So it's pretty cool.
I was trying to bring the gamer in.
And that kind of goes along with the Astro Blaster.
That's like Astro Blaster.
I love Astro Blaster.
It's like my second favorite ride at all at Disneyland.
Remember when it froze?
Yes.
And we kept hitting the target.
You got like the 10th highest score of the day or something crazy.
I think I did.
It was crazy.
We got another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry.
I'm sorry to make you wait.
Kitsune.
Kitsune.
I don't think I've ever heard you call in before.
You're a first time caller, aren't you?
This is my first time.
I'm a brand new listener.
Well, welcome to the program.
I'm sorry it's only short calls tonight, but do you have a question?
Oh, wait, wait, first.
I'm so sorry.
Please enjoy as first time caller an extra large slice of cake.
Nom, nom, nom.
Yes, very good.
All right.
What's on your mind?
I was walking through IKEA bar the other day and I've been really late on my gaming news.
I haven't really kept up with it.
And I saw the new Soul Calibur IV ad that's coming out July 31st.
And I was kind of surprised to see Yoda on there because I hadn't really heard anything
about it.
So I was wondering if you guys had heard anything about that.
Well, there has been quite a bit of news in the States here about what's going on with
Soul Calibur IV.
We also had Darth Vader in the PS3 version too.
Yeah, somehow Star Wars is suddenly colliding with Soul Calibur World.
I don't know what kind of weird licensing is going on there.
But yes, Yoda will be in the Xbox 360 version and Darth Vader will be in the PlayStation
3 version of Soul Calibur IV.
Both versions will have the apprentice guy.
I don't remember what his name was.
The secret apprentice from...
Not Donald Trump's apprentice but Darth Vader's apprentice from the Force Unleashed games
which are coming out very soon.
Well, so it's only one character per release for console?
Well, two if you count the Star Wars guy because he'll be in both.
But here's the other thing is I would speculate that since you kind of cross now into the
Star Wars territory that in the create your own fighter mode, I bet you you'll be able
to have a lightsaber and kind of, you know, there'll be a little bit of that in the create
your fighter mode.
But it's probably going to be like an unlockable.
That's a prediction not based on fact.
And we're all praying there won't be another Star Wars Masters of Terikasi.
Yeah, I'm not sure the Japanese are going to eat that game up because they love Star
Wars.
You see it everywhere.
You even see it in porn stores.
You know what, and maybe that would explain why because when we saw it announced here,
the reaction was kind of like, what the hell kind of random pairing is that?
You know, like, but then you kind of go well, I guess it'll work.
I guess if spawn can be in it, why not?
But that makes a lot of sense.
You know, if it's more of a cultural thing in Japan, they're probably blah, blah, blah,
you know, goo goo gaga over it, hoping to make up.
They have a whole island Toys R Us dedicated to it.
So hoping to make up some of the ground that maybe Soul Calibur 3 lost because it wasn't
quite as well received, at least over here, although I thought it was still great.
Mostly because it corrupted memory cards.
No, that's only a story.
Well, kitsune, we got to let you go, but thank you so much for the call.
Thank you.
We always enjoy hearing what's going on across the ocean.
We can we can have a good one.
We're getting more and more Japanese listeners lately, which is kind of neat because we have
Akuma JP in the Justin TV chat.
We get a few on email once in a while.
Sweet.
We love hearing from other people in different parts of the country.
In fact, I was just thinking of one of our listeners.
I don't know if he's listening tonight.
Footy monster the other day because he's in Argentina.
He was in the chat room today.
My roommate is in Argentina right now.
He's in Buenos Aires with his sister and he's been posting updates to live journal.
Footy monster is in there right now.
Is he in chat?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
You should tell me some fun things to do in Buenos Aires.
I can pass along to my roommate.
You know who else is in chat who's not reading his PMs?
Bobby Blackwall.
Is that is that your not so private message?
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
It's a voice from beyond as in nothing.
Hey, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
What's your name?
No, nothing worked.
All right.
Let's see.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio.
1877 game.
O-L-R.
Are you looking at chat?
Yeah.
Oh, footy monster.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll PM footy monster there.
Do, do, do, do, do.
I don't know if my roommate will take it.
Somebody else call.
Now.
Oh, you got what you wanted.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio.
1877 game.
O-L-R.
I'm hearing myself singing.
Yeah.
Oh, footy monster.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll PM footy monster.
It's a voice from beyond.
It's a voice from beyond.
You hear myself.
You got to definitely turn it down.
Okay.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Uh, yeah.
It's like Zaku.
Sub Zaku.
Woo.
Sub Zaku.
Yeah.
Zaku.
I baked a special.
I baked a special cake for you.
Here you go.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
Nom.
room it was I don't know I mean it was it was a it was a pretty it was a mix of
everything slightly bigger than the one last year um well I mean the the
centerpiece was pretty much brawl for that matter
Smash Brothers brawl so it was like people feening on that game but they had
an every other state every other anime convention game staple like third
strike DDA wait not DDR to the X other anime base games and that was about it
Oh sounds like you had a pretty rockin time I just want I want pictures of the
party that got shut down I don't think I have my cameras right there it's all
right are there topless girls there huh were the topless girls there um not
really unfortunately there's a lot of knowing there yes they had yes there
were boobs or no there were no boobs there were no food how do the party is
that a lot of you bombs going around tits or get the fuck out maybe just
kidding all right all right Zaku have a good one I'm glad to hear you had a good
time to the con yeah all right uh orange launch radio on skype or 1 8 7 7 game
olr why is the gay guy the one clamoring to see tits I don't know what it is
something about it's it's that special party atmosphere well Jamie likes tits
too yes we're slowly turning you straight Rob
all right it's a vast fucking conspiracy I'm still hearing myself my friend you
got to figure out how to make your sound card echo one two three sir
there's actually studies out there that say it's actually pretty much across the
board for guys to have an obsession with boobs no matter if they're gay or
straight so all right let's go to the thanks for making me doubt Jamie we're
going to another phone to me I don't know maybe boobs will get brought up in
this conversation we'll see hi here on orange launch radio who's this hey this
is Bobby hi but did you say booby no I said Bobby all right hi hi Bobby how
are you my friend I'm doing good now you at being our neighbor on all games calm
and and definitely I'm helping save our show and the evil live 365 you know
almost shut us down you my friend get an extra large piece of cake so here enjoy
some cake yes that was awesome I think the cops are gonna go shut down the
party at Bobby's house he's having too much fun all right what is your question
for us my friend well you guys have been following music games for a long time
and I've been listening to you guys for a long time a lot of people probably
don't know that I listen to you guys before I made my show I even listen to
you guys I remember listening to a few live shows before the to-go edition
that's crazy because I honestly thought no one was listening to us I'm sure I'm
just kidding so but I hear you guys you know kind of complaining about the state
of music games sometimes today and you know complaining about certain aspects
of music games so what would a music game have to be and what would it need
to have for you to not complain about it to be made if it was made today what
would a music game have to have or be for us to not bitch about well okay like
if I was gonna go you know it's necessarily routed original from the
kitchen I don't think originally even has to be the case because if you look
at like DDR and stuff it's been almost the same throughout every release but I
think the thing it's kind of been lost especially with like DDR recently is you
know with DDR there's when you look at the track list and stuff there's like
songs in there you're like wow that's really cool I want to find out more
about this artist or something like that or oh that's really cool I'm gonna check
out some more music of that genre or something like that but right now the
new releases that come out it's just like oh look this was on beatmania let's
put it in DDR oh hey look there's another game from guitar freaks let's
throw it in DDR oh hey look this is a you know a top 10 song right now on the
pop charts hey let's put it in DDR it's there's no real exploration with the
music there they're not really they're worried about appealing to the masses
instead of just let's put some good stuff in there and that's it they should
let us make one I've kind of said this before on the show and I still stand by
this my problem with DDR is that it kind of has slipped into this whole it's just
song song list update of the year and there's not a whole lot I mean they try
to do some new things with every game but I don't know DDR is starting to feel
a little bit slow to me and I think I've said this before and I still believe
that DDR needs to be rebuilt from the ground up completely and maybe throw a
competitive twist in I liked I even see the last great mix that I thought there
was was backs too because they had you know you would have to play the songs
and then you would earn points or whatever to unlock the next song and it
was at random of what song would be unlocked next and that got people to the
arcade because there's people just sitting there playing on the damn
machine to unlock what song would come out next and no one was spoiled by like
releasing the full song list thank you Konami for every single fucking home
release that you spoil the entire song list for you know there's no surprises
whatsoever and for God's sake I do not want to play through another fucking
quest mode to unlock shit okay that was never fun ever um I think it did hit the
nail on the head with something I'll get that I know Jamie was talked to um
arcades I think the fact that arcades have gone downhill have sadly made the
whole music game scene kind of follow and it's just it's tragic there's really
and there's not a lot that could be helped with that dark soccer I was just
gonna say the versus mode in Disney's rave that was freaking epic and that was
the way to properly do versus battle in a DDR game and bring back keyboard mania
here's the problem and I'm gonna catch some flak for this I love Konami to
death but still every time a competing company comes up with something to
enhance the DDR formula what does kami do konami sues the pants off of them it
happened with on demeero with pump it up happened with rock sore and in the groove
they both added shit to the DDR formula and they are both rejected no they did
not add anything to the formula all you guys rip it off and try to call it their
own seriously that's all they did oh they made the
new arrows that you have to stop on a lot Oh original Oh holding it Oh mines lame
mines was retarded okay it's retarded that's song list was bad okay but you
know what it's a controversial thing yeah two good songs and in the group all
right all right I gotta ask cuz this phone call is getting to be epic length
but since Bobby you know obviously is a man with well-spoken opinions and has
been listening to the show for a very long time and obviously has been
following music games as well how about a little I what do what do you think
what do you think music games need well I just have to turn it back on me I
didn't have an answer cuz that's what I do I mean my big problem with like you
know the bimani games and stuff was that it relied so much on in-house music you
know the music tracks and stuff and you know what that's why it didn't work here
well in the States and I mean I remember back you know when I started fine when I
started playing Beatmania on the ps1 I you know had an import console and I
imported the games and stuff back in the 90s I was like man I wish this genre
would come out in the States I wish it would get big in the States and I kept
waiting for something you know other than DDR because I don't want to move my
legs you know and that's why I was really happy to see you know Guitar Hero
finally figure it out that you know hey you got to put in songs people recognize
and so I thought that was really a really great way to do it however I can
see Guitar Hero and rock band possibly becoming the new Madden where it's you
know roster update 2008 here by another set of songs for $60 and now what's
different between this and Madden is that now you're gonna have to buy new
guitars each time or new controllers because you know they make the
controllers better between Guitar Hero 1 & 2 and Guitar Hero 2 & 3 exactly so I
they just they need to have there needs to be some standardization that's what
would make me not complain is some standardization so I can enjoy all of the
games without having to spend Ravens dolphins question of you know $20,000 on
gaming equipment I was just gonna say we need a US pop and music yes I think you
hit the nail on the head with something kind of in there at least there's
something I drew from it I think the reason why Bahmani didn't succeed as
well outside of DDR in the States is the Konami didn't believe in it and have no
one but themselves to blame they should have tried it a lot sooner and they
could have gotten a piece of this Guitar Hero drum mania craze now they just look
like they're third place with this whole rock revolution thing and and shame on
them for not realizing what they had before you know cuz yeah like you've
been playing beat mania since the early or not really nice lately 90s and beat
mania didn't even make an appearance here in the States until a year and a
half ago with a fairly you know I don't want to say it was a half-assed game but
considering how long it took for it to get here I appreciate they tried some
different things like having the five key and the seven key in the same game
was cool but you know why Konami didn't believe in it for new songs we got in
that game and the least it was make harder note files for virtual insanity
and they they could if they had a little more faith in it I think we would have
seen something a little more you know involved you know I mean I know they
tried because I remember like my actually my first ever experience with
beat mania was actually at one of the very old III's think maybe 98 Konami
actually had their hip-hop mania arcade machine in the booth because they were
testing it in certain arcades in Chicago all right and I fell in love with it
then and that's when I went out to go find the ps1 versions you know it
started me off with it people complaining about the whole you know
emulator in symphile market is my first beat mania experience with was BM 98
back in the day and that's when I went out you know hunting for my five key
controller and getting a stack of games you know at network video when they
still sold games and weren't closed but I mean I think you know that also used
to say that you know the companies I think should be looking towards the
people that are making the emulators and sim files because that right there I
think is going to be your key indicator of what the community wants you know
look to that for inspiration just saying I agree all right well Bobby
there's been a pretty epic phone call but it's it's definitely something
that's a part of our history we like to look back on and you never know I mean I
always kind of hope there'll be another beat mania in the u.s. someday I don't
hold my breath over it but now it's kind of gotten to the point where it's like
well if Konami is not going to do it maybe someone else will because music
games have shown they can be successful here in the States but I do agree I hope
they get standardized because I think that's where the it's all gonna fall
apart is when you have to get one controller for this game one control for
this game the mainstream is just not gonna buy it and then the next sequel
you're gonna have to get a new controller to work do all the stuff
that's in the new sequel and stuff but one you know one last thing you know
about the pop and I do think that Konami really should try bringing that pop and
over here because some people when they come to my apartment I've got my desktop
arcade ASC for pop and music everybody looks at that and they're like what's
that I'm like yeah that's for another music game they're like oh you mean like
guitar hero and I'm like yeah but you slap the butt balloons and they're like
wow that that sounds cool music is so great pop music might have a problem
coming this stage you got a bit of an image problem but people will see it and
think it's a kid's game but as far as I know I think that pop music actually has
the biggest following in Japan above the other bimani games and that's not to say
Konami can't put a little effort into American izing the game a little bit and
I realize there's a lot of people who listen to this show that go you know at
the thought of a game getting American eyes but think about it if they how did
a guitar hero and rock band become so successful because the song lists were
very American I think if pop music could invest you know the development time
into you know maybe re-inventing the interface to be a little more you know
not so childish and getting some good American songs mixed in with the
Japanese favorites it could do well here yep all right Bobby we gotta let you go
just take up can I can I have another piece of cake of course you can by the
way Bobby the cake was a lie all right just kidding I hung up on no Bobby's
awesome all right I will try to get like maybe one more call do you have any
other last-minute stories here before we get to them yeah but I want to talk about
there's something about Grand Theft Auto and Fox because you remember there is a
movie called Grand Theft Auto so now there can't be a movie called Grand
Theft Auto and Fox can't make a game based off of Grand Theft Auto nice all
right hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this is misty well hello
misty how are you I'm doing good even though I have to open in the morning I'm
still listening I'm sorry to hear about that well here just for you I have a
caffeinated orange piece of cake enjoy awesome nom nom nom oh no mom there you
go she sounds excited all right misty what what question do you have for us
tonight why did scope get screwed over tonight like it did way the hell back in
episode 111 wait why did what I'm sorry I missed it why did what skulk oh why
did skulk get screwed over so bad tonight I you know just not enough not
enough synth pop fans in chat I think voting for scope but you know what else
is that echo image the band behind that song is just kind of falling off the
planet and I think it's a darn shame because that whole album is just
freaking amazing if you haven't checked it out yeah I know it's it's an
understatement seriously it will it's it's better than dessert if I had a band
I think I'd name it that it's better than dessert I have a lot of great band
names well misty anything else you want to share with our listeners quickly
before we shut off for the night I can think of even though I bet I'm gonna get
my butt kicked for not asking another another particular question that's all
right you another question you were supposed to ask but that's it so you
wanted me to ask and ask about the fuck show happens when no one expects it to
happen yes like the apocalypse the fuck show but he was one me tonight go on the
the fuck show will sneak up on you eventually here's my problem is that now
I think we've hyped the fuck show too much and like I don't I don't think it's
gonna be that funny when it happens I think it's one of those things we're
like halfway through part a we're gonna be like okay we need to stop like all
right fuck it but we'll see yeah that's what that
would seem like to me too yeah so I'm a little worried about fuck show but it
will actually happen when Duke Nukem forever comes out we may hold her to
that we may hold her to that all right well misty take care of yourself have a
good one okay all righty don't fall asleep tomorrow all right poor thing
she's got to open she's up late listening to olr well then we need to
start to wrap up the show so if there's no more last-minute stories I don't know
Loki says no then we'll go around to get everybody's final thought and start to
wrap up the show so drew your final thought tonight happy fucking birthday
to me happy indeed happy fucking birthday happy enjoy oh look at that
miklotov pulled the tail out from between his legs and came back in the
studio just in time and dragged in to me did you see the bit mania got third
place it didn't deserve it all right well just like Andrews birthday oh well
thank you for being here you're gonna be here next week too huh yeah all right
oh you'll be here for the Tommy Tallarico interview Oh goody goody all
right I so like it all right your final thought for tonight I like DJ max all
right dark soccer your final thought for tonight
rejects false icons my final thought for tonight reject false MRIs Loki I my
final thought is I was listening to some all games radios well you know the
streaming stuff there's a lot of Tommy Tallarico music on there and on their
playlist they're like well every few songs he's a friend of this I know yeah
and he's also done lost it but I just thought it was interest plus he allows
his me you know he expressed it gives express permission for his music to be
played so you know we want they want they want to support pain nothing not
knocking anything I'm just saying that it was an observation this is not just
an observation all right thank you guys so much for tuning in to and supporting
independent podcasting as you have for the past six years even when we weren't
a podcast and for those who have joined us along the way thank you so much as we
push on to episode 300 our seventh year anniversary and beyond we couldn't do it
without you guys thank you so much and remember if you enjoy what you hear here
at orange lounge radio tell two friends not about our show and it helps spread
the word about independent radio leave us a review on iTunes God we could use
some more of those five-star reviews and so on and so on all that good stuff so
thank you and good night and we'll see you next time next week Tommy Tallarico
in episode number 285 I'm starting to lose count you know you're old when you
start losing count have a good night you've been listening to orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live
show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views
and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm but we're
probably right anyway see you next week
