This week, Microsoft denies that Kinect gathers data for advertising. A classic RPG series
is headed to iOS and Android, and tonight we interview SoCal Mike Kennedy about Retro
Magazine and its Kickstarter campaign. All this and more begins right now.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. This is Orange Lounge Radio here on October the 13th, 2013
with episode number 523 of our program. My name is Rob Roberts joining you over the next
few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and so on and so on with my co-host,
say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. I just thought you were channeling
Bea Arthur like you said earlier. I am a little bit. I have the raspy voice
going on today. Those of you that follow VOG Network know that Jessica from Understation
Live and I were both involved with a production here in Sacramento at the Rocky Horror Picture
Show. Well, that occurred last night and I'm proud to say we sold out. It was 500 plus
seats and the cast did an amazing job, but I was the host or MC hosting the whole thing
and that involved a lot of screaming. You know the whole thing at the top of my voice
and trying to be funny, improv and all that, but it was great and I will say by missing
the show you missed this really, I can't even repeat it, but I had to do a Pokemon. That's
all I'm going to say. Let's just say. I probably, keep in mind that the shows that I've had
the most fun at were the ones where I did crew stuff. Oh yeah, yeah. I remember you
used to do tech related things. Do you play Dr. Scott one time? I was Dr. Scott one time
and I was the curtain and the rope and I held the tank up. Last night I played Dr. Scott.
I actually played Eddie. It was the first time I played Eddie for about, oh God, the
past like, it's probably been like 12 years since I played Eddie, but uh, yeah, good old
meatloaf. Yeah. All right. But um, I still think it's ironic that in the original production
that he was Dr. Scott and not, he was both. Well, he was, he was both at one point and
uh, that's why a lot of movie shadow casts will do both, especially if they're stretched
for people like we were. So, but um, but no, I, I have more fun when I'm not looking at
the crowd when they're behind me and I'm not looking at a sea of people. See the crowd
thing doesn't bother me at all. That's just, I guess that's just part of my, like, you
know, how I'm wired. Like, you know, I'm able to do, well this, this is easy. You are an
attention whore. This is easy. Yeah, but you make it sound like I'm like self centered
or something like that too. And I really like to think I'm not. Some people are fine with
the public speaking thing and it's not that I have a problem with public speaking, although
I actually have a pathological fear of microphones and public speaking. Yet here you are. No
microphones and public speaking as in front of a crowd with a microphone. I hate the way
my voice sounds amplified. Oh, here in the echo and all that. Exactly. I don't even like
listening to myself in recordings. Yeah. So I actually have to practice modulating
my voice. Um, well my voice is definitely be modulated tonight. Well I'm running on
four hours of sleep because apparently the insomnia creature decided to bitch slap me
and I woke up at like two in the morning, four in the morning, five in the morning.
Then the cat woke me up. So I was like, I don't play mass effect. I spent more time
doing screen captures. All right. Let's also, let's also introduce, cause we could talk
about coffee and everything else all night long, but we do want to get to video games.
Say hello to tech master Loki. Yeah. Hey, how you doing Loki? I'm doing all right. Yeah.
Did you do any theater productions this weekend? Have you ever been involved with theater?
You don't really strike me as the type, but maybe like in high school from like a drama
class in high school. No, not really. I had to choose in high school. I could take drama
or I could take band and I'm going to be honest, I felt kind of guilted by my parents
into doing band because it was like, Oh Rob, your dead grandpa left you this clarinet.
And you know, he would be really proud of you if you would go into band. Oh, you want
to go into drama, but, but you know, your dead grandpa played the clarinet and you know,
he died before you were born and you know, you're named after him and this is the one
thing he left you and you want to go to drama. Really? So, but, but band nerd represent.
Well I don't, I, and I don't regret my time in band at all. It was a great, like, I'm
not like, I'm not like shady, but I, if I was left to the choice, it's not what I would
have picked, but I don't regret it at all. The only thing that's kind of sad about it
is that since I graduated high school, I have not touched the clarinet at all. I have not
played the clarinet since the day I was 18 and graduated high school. I told you what
happened to my saxophone, didn't I? It was in, I, when I moved out here, I had to leave
it behind. So I loaned it to my friend who is a music major, so she could take the saxophone
class and cause I played saxophone, I played contour alto clarinet, I played alto clarinet,
I played damn near everything that was saxophone or clarinet. And, um, she, uh, left it when
she moved to Germany, she left it in her mother's attic in D'Iberville, Mississippi. And then
this hurricane named Katrina came in and stole her roof and my saxophone. Oh, not good. The
end. Not good. Hey, how about that? Loki was trying to talk about his life when we made
it about us. How representative of Orange Laundry. The only way I'd ever want to learn
or, you know, learn to play the saxophone is just, and really only just a small part
would be just to learn how to play the chord for Epic Sax Man and just do that. Cause that's
all you really need to know anyways. So that's it. I did, by the way, find a video clip on
Tumblr of a guy going in shirtless on a skateboard playing careless whisper on a saxophone.
Nice. All right. Going to our chat room because you know, we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the voice of geeks network of vog network.com.
We are live right after the Bobby black Wolf show and we love interacting with our listeners.
We do call it the show where every gamer has a voice and a reginator using his voice to
poke fun a little bit saying, but sky, did you go to band camp and tell stories that
began with this one time at band camp? Okay. So I mean, that movie really just like worked
that line to death, but band camp is a real thing for those of you that didn't do like
we, I don't know if you're not like that, but no. Well, okay. No, no, no, no, no. Okay.
We didn't have a camp. Yeah. We didn't like go off into the woods or anything. It was
go to school for eight hours a day. So you can get a jump on learning your field show
music and, and, and for me in Alabama, it's March in the humid with mosquitoes and lose
your shoes in the swamp that we had to practice in. Okay. But I will say this, we would stay
overnight. One of the nights, like it would usually be like a Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
and we would stay overnight at the school on a Saturday and sleep in the gymnasium because we
were supposed to be learning about what it's like when the band goes out on tour. Mind you,
we did the overnight thing on tour once my junior year and we stayed in a motel six or whatever the
Canadian version of motel six is some, you know, maple room six. No, I'm kidding. I don't know
what it was called up. There was some discount chain in Canada is where we stayed. Right.
Well, okay. But here's the thing, like a band camp, you put a bunch of like horny ass teenagers
in high school together in a group and have them staying overnight. Yes. Some dumb things,
dumb stupid teenager things are going to happen. And yes, there were games for all camp.
Yeah. I mean, exactly. That's not unique to band. It's any mixed gender camp or really same gender
camp too. So I have to tell you now, this is my, my funny band camp story that I told Becky the
other day is that there's this one girl who was a clarinet player. I played saxophone and our
sections would meet up at certain points in the show where I would hear bits and pieces of her
wanting to come up with a chicken restaurant geared toward women called peckers. Okay. So
clearly here we go stealing the show again, dark soccer and I big old band nerds. What kind of kid
were you in high school? Logie in high school. Yeah. I do pretty much the same stuff in high
school. I do now. I seriously like have a wife and kid. Yeah. I mean, let's see in high school.
I, well, I took art all four years in high school and then one year I took drama as well. Um,
but let's see my art class. Like at one point I actually had a free period. So I ended up going
into my art class and landing the PCs together and playing games on that. Of course it was red
alert or Duke Nukem 3D. And then, um, I used to bring my PlayStation one to, uh, that was actually,
I think I got my PlayStation one 97. Oh my God. I feel old. And so, um, yeah, I'd used to bring
that to school and you play during lunch and I still do that now. I bring my systems to work and
I play during the night. I was a big nerd in high school, high school too. Actually, this is junior
high. I distinctly remember going into, I think it was Mr. Abe was his name. He was the science
teacher. I don't know if he's out there in the world still, but he was a, um, a science teacher
at, um, Ike junior high school where I went to junior high and we used to go into the classroom
and play tank wars. V was a tank wars. VGA was the full name of it. I think there was scorched
earth. It was after that, but tank wars, I mean, and it was me and some buddies that I'm still in
touch with his day. We used to play those tank shooting games to death, but you know what's funny?
I don't really care for worms now, which is kind of like, like worms is kind of like taking a bite
out of that same genre, like scorched earth and all that. But like for me, nothing will ever match
like the mega nuke in scorched earth. Like that was always fun to watch when your friends fire
that thing off and swallow up like seven tanks hole. See, you're like, you know, I think you
and I would have been buds. My senior year of high school, we had someone bring one of those,
um, generator powered TVs and a super Nintendo because that's what was new at the time was super
Nintendo. And okay, grandma, tell us more. But it was when I moved into the dorm, cause I was the
only one in our block that had a TV in the, in the dorm room that, uh, uh, my roommate's boyfriend
left his PlayStation over. We played a lot of to Shinden and my room was very popular. Yeah.
And um, we also watched a lot of sailor moon in college. I had a super Nintendo with super Mario
cart and it's the only reason most of those kids wanted to talk to me. So I also had like
VHS copies of like the entire run of Ronan warriors on VHS because I stayed up to tape
them every day. Nice. So my, my room was like anime central and I had all of a, like I had
Ron the project fan subs. That's awesome. And I had an unsubbed copy of the Rotsky doji.
So we would make up our own, um, no, we would make up our own dialogue to it.
I love hearing about what a colossal nerd you were and still are
dark saga, but we have to keep the show moving because we do have an interview coming up in
like 10 minutes. Uh, I do want to teach tonight. We do have an interview live here on orange launch
radio. Uh, the interview is with Mike Kennedy. He is a, he's with the website game gavel.com,
which is kind of like an eBay for video games. Pretty cool little thing. Uh, but what he's
really here to talk about tonight is the Kickstarter for retro, which is a throwback
video game magazine. That's going to be independently published and they're getting a lot of
just names out there in the industry to kind of freelance for this. So, uh, excited to type to
talk to Mike about that project. And that'll be in about 10 minutes here live. If you do want to join
us in our chat room, live at dot vog network.com is the place to be, uh, before I get into gaming
weeks, I had another kickoff topic I wanted to talk about quickly. Um, I wanted to talk about
loaning games out and experiences that you guys have had with loaning out games and loaning out
systems and maybe the good or the bad experience, because I have a really funny story. Uh, the
listeners may not be aware of this, but, uh, somebody from orange launch radios past for the
first few years of the show, you might remember a gal who used to come on the show an awful lot
named rice princess. And I even back when orange laundry was a station way back in the day on life
365, uh, I co-hosted a show with her called outside the box. And, uh, now she just goes by
princess Irene, I believe is like her new preferred handle. Uh, princess Irene got married on Thursday
and her and silent Nathan, another name from the past, they got married. Uh, finally this past,
I say finally, but yeah, uh, this past week. So congratulations and our well wishes to them. And
I'm sure many of the listeners, uh, especially the old school ones. And they hear those names
will be excited to hear that the guy hitched. Well, guess what? Princess Irene went on a
honeymoon to Japan. Perfect nerd honeymoon with her new husband, right? Man. I'm jealous. I know,
right. I'm kind of jealous too. So they went to Japan and, uh, she actually asked me, she said,
Hey Rob, remember a long time ago, you said I could borrow your 3DS to play animal crossing
at some point. She's like, would it be possible to do that now? Because I got a 12 hour flight
to Japan and that would be a great way to pass the time. And I said, Oh, sure. So, uh, she came
over Wednesday night. We caught up a little bit. I gave her my 3DS and on she went well,
by the time she got married and was on her way out the door, I realized, Oh crap, Pokemon X and Y is
on Saturday. And I just loaned my 3DS to my friend. Is this your excuse to get an XL? Well,
if your name was Shane and I don't know if he's out there listening,
Shane, the salesman is currently trying to convince me that the best life choice for me
would be to buy a Pokemon branded 3DS XL or 2DS. He actually said, yeah, 2DS would be a good idea
too. And I'm like, Shane, that's money. That's like 180 bucks. If we were talking like 20 bucks,
maybe, but that's like a whole nother system. So I'm currently having to sit and wait and I'm
missing the Pokemon boat because I loaned out my 3DS. Now, look, I don't regret it because Irene,
obviously love her to bits. And I, if I can bring a little more entertainment,
tame it to her honeymoon, then, then so be it. But it's just kind of one of those things where
I was like, don't that's too bad, but you know what? You can turn this upside or turn this back
around because the grand theft auto five ship has made port and guess what? It's available right now
for you to go get and play. So, so salesman Loki is going to counter salesman Shane by saying, Hey,
do you know for a third of the price of the 3DS, you could be playing grand theft auto five in the
vog club right now, right? What you could go the free route and play borderlands two with me play
the games I already have, right? Yeah. How about being frugal? Let's hear it for fiscal responsibility.
All right. Go into our chat room for some comments at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Black Wolf says Irene deserves your 3DS more than you deserve Pokemon. Hey, shut up.
Alpha Kinanagram says sky. Maybe she'll get you some Japanese street passes.
I actually told her because if there weren't chargers on the plane, I told her to turn the
wifi off. So that way, uh, she would save battery power would probably be the smart thing to do.
Do they even have the same plugs in Japan that we have here? So she's going to be in for a rude
awakening when she gets off the plane. Um, two prong. Yes. Oh really? Okay. Yeah. Two prongs
will work. They just don't have the grounded. Oh yeah. Well, okay. We have Japanese PlayStation
twos, Rob. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't have a Japanese dreamcast.
If you haven't learned in the past 11 and a half years, sometimes things come out of my mouth
before I really think them through dark soccer. The one who had to have the, uh, the, uh, mod,
the little, uh, um, plug mod was Jessica because of her APS too.
Oh, okay. I had the different plug on it. Gotcha. Bobby, I would totally have played
Borderlands two with you. I have had my character ready to go for the longest time and no one's been
playing. Well, I was going to say, uh, in the chat room at live.vog network.com, there's several
people. Black Wolf is saying, play Borderlands two with me, play Borderlands two with me,
dark soccer and Loki. Uh, game grew says, meanwhile, Irene is playing Pokemon in Japan.
Uh, no, she's playing animal crossing. I know that, uh, dungeon buster says I'll play Borderlands
two with you. So, uh, it looks like you might've started, uh, a Borderlands two game night in our
chat room, dark soccer, a way to go. So I'm curious, do you guys have any nightmare stories
or maybe good stories about loaning things out? Uh, dark soccer, you guys have the game vault.
Surely you guys loan stuff out all the time. Well, I, for some reason I can't find my first
bus to move soundtrack and I hope I didn't lend that out. Cause I don't think I would have loaned
that out. Um, I don't know. Usually it works the other way around. People loan me stuff and then
they move or I move. Or you keep their stuff forever. Like my dance pad that you had for
like a year. It's fine. If I really missed it, I would ask for it back. Well, it's like,
it's how I got my copy of Corona trigger. My friend loaned it to me. He moved to a Spanish
Fort and then I moved to California. Oops. He hasn't asked for it back. So it's fine.
Didn't you save file is still on there. Didn't you get your Saturn copy of symphony of the night
through some type of game trade? No, I thought that we bought that shit. I thought it was
something with like a friend of yours owed you money. And that was what she gave you.
That was Dracula X. Oh, that was close. Close. My friend Krista who lives in Nagoya.
She loves her now, but she used to live in Berkeley. We went to anime expo. She
owed us a hundred bucks for her part of the room in the trip. Oh, okay. It was an exchange. She
went to Japan to go visit her family. Came back with Dracula X for us. She already had two copies.
Got it. Okay. I thought that was like a loaning story. Okay. But that was the exchange for
convention space. I gotcha. Trade for goods. Oh, I loan out my games all the time and I forget
people forget. I loan people stuff. So right now I don't think I have anything loaned out, but
I could very well. Oh, what? Okay. Oh, I have another hilarious loaning, somebody,
a game story. Okay. So, uh, Flaco Jones, I think it was, and I'm sorry if I'm calling you out and
it wasn't really you. I loaned him a copy of silent Hill for the room on X-Box. At least I
think it was him. And it got passed back to what I knew you had it for forever. I had it for a while.
And then I loaned it to, I think it was flog. It might've been extra for though. It was one
of them. And they gave it back to Irene because they were like, well, Irene's going to see you
next before I do. And so funny enough, when's the next time I see Irene when we're all at a party
and then. They give me the game back and I'm like, yay, here's my game back. I can go take
this home and not play it. Cause like my original X-Box is like in storage at this point. I don't
even, I mean, I guess it's backwards compatible on three 60, but let's be real. I don't have
like an anchoring to play silent Hill for the room anytime soon. So what did I do guys?
I left the game at the party. I didn't even bring it home. I'm pretty sure that game has been sold
by this point. So it's just funny. You can borrow mine. If everyone play it
now that I actually have it. I don't really like, like if I was going to go back and play
a silent Hill game, I think I'd go play two or three. I loaned actually my three to my friend
Carly. You remember you met Carly, haven't you? The one who says the best rendition of the sea
bomb ever. Oh my, she makes it sound like it's poetry, but, um, at any rate, she had my silent
Hill three for a long time. And I think I have it back. I don't know. Yeah. Usually it's people
that I will, Julie has borrowed stuff of mine and never given it back. And then she'll say,
Oh, that was mine. I bought that. No, that was not yours. Here's the receipt.
I like that. You're calling people out here on the show. She's not listening though. Right?
No, she's not listening. She's too busy playing fantasy star universe,
which I think she's like the one person who's probably playing PSO too now. Oh yeah. Oh,
everybody's moved on. That's right. I need to start playing again. Sounds good. All right.
Let's go ahead and move into our gaming weeks, at least here for just a little bit. We'll talk
about our gaming weeks. So we are going to get interrupted though, by the live interview here
with Mike from the retro magazine Kickstarter here in just a minute, but we'll start with our
gaming week. So at least get dark soccer. Okay. Well, um, I played mass effect three
because Tara started playing mass effect and I was like, Oh, mass effect. So I started playing
and spent more time screen capping than playing the game. And then, um, I, uh, I played animal
crossing. I played a lot of animal crossing cause I'm trying to get my tan back and, um,
I played fractal and I played final fantasy 14, which I want us to play at the same time.
Second run dungeons. And then, um, uh, a lot, a lot of, um, be jeweled on my phone,
on your phone, the blitz version where you try to do it. I play the stupid butterfly mode and
diamond mine mode because I don't, I'm so out of the loop. It's actually really cool. Cause it
requires a real strategy. When you play, it's basically your, your butterflies have different
colors and you have to line them up. But every time you line up something else, the butterflies
move up a level and there's a spider at the top waiting to pick them up. So you have to keep all
these butterflies from reaching the top and at the same time making your lines and doing them.
So you have no time limit, but you have to think carefully. Okay. All right. Uh, is that it for
your gaming week? Yes. All right. Well, before we get to Loki's gaming week, we're going to cut in
here cause it's about that time. Uh, we are going to go to the phones right now and talk to Mike
Kennedy. He is with retro, which is a Kickstarter that's going on right now for a throwback video
game magazine as in like a print magazine. And uh, let's see if we get him on the line. Hi Mike,
you there? I'm here. How's it going? Good. Welcome to orange launch radio. How are you?
I'm doing great. Thanks for having me on. No problem whatsoever. So tell us a little bit
about your Kickstarter. You're behind this Kickstarter for a new magazine retro, right?
Yeah. Yeah. This is something that, uh, has come about pretty quick. Um, I've actually had
the idea of adding content to a gaming auction site that I've run called game gavel for about,
I don't know, maybe two years now. And, uh, we originally, uh, we're bringing on some writers
and we were doing, you know, just online content, uh, kind of, uh, kind of an editorial side of the
website. And then one of my writers said, Mike, have you ever thought about doing a,
a digital magazine? And I thought, well, hell no, I've never really thought about doing a
digital magazine. Um, only because I'm, I've never, I mean, personally, I don't have digital
magazines on my iPad. Um, and I don't know how many people really do. Um, but we're hoping
obviously that, that, you know, it's something that people are doing more and more of. Um,
but then I got the idea after hooking up with another guy, uh, Mark Kaminsky,
who's our layout and design guy. Uh, he said, let's go for it. Let's just, you know, let's just,
let's do a boat. Let's do a print and digital. And, uh, this was maybe two and a half weeks ago,
maybe three, three weeks ago, tops. And since he's come on board, um, you know, he works for
just this really large media company and, and, uh, he does, uh, you know, magazine layout and
design for tons of other magazines. And he basically, uh, wanted to, um, contribute to
the project and, uh, you know, just basically came on board and has just really, um, uh, I just have
to say kicked ass because I mean, he does, he designed that video for us that we're using on
the Kickstarter page. Uh, you know, he designed a kind of a preview layout of the magazine and
he's just kind of done this all really, really fast. So he was sort of the missing link in,
in the idea of doing, uh, whether it was a digital or print magazine. So, um, so sorry,
this whole idea is only about three weeks old with the magazine only about three weeks. Yeah.
So in a really short amount of time, uh, I guess I can tell everybody a little bit about, uh,
the magazine first is, is, um, I've always had this idea of kind of going out and recruiting
some of the best writers in the industry and, you know, not only, uh, writers from, you know,
maybe the past maybe five to 10 years, but going back and really digging deep into the history of
video game journalism and going out and just kind of recruiting, uh, right now we've got over three
decades of video game journalists. So no matter, you know, when anybody kind of grew up gaming or
what your decade of gaming was, whether it was the late seventies, early to mid eighties,
the nineties, or today, you're probably going to recognize some of the contributors that we're
going to have on the magazine. So I had to assemble this team really in about a week's time.
You know, um, I called Jeremy parish and I get Jeremy, you know, gave me tons and tons of great
information about, uh, you know, uh, compensation, you know, in this day and age and, and what you
kind of need to pay. Right. And, um, you know, kind of, uh, and I've got quite a few connections
in the industry already, uh, just running game gavel for the last six years and kind of living
in Southern California, kind of the hotbed of, of developer and publisher activity. I got a lot
of friends in the develop, you know, that are developers and, and, uh, publishing executives
and stuff like that. So, um, it just sort of, the, the plans just sort of aligned very quickly
on this thing. And I wasn't able to assemble, uh, pretty much kind of a who's who of gaming
journalists to bring them in on this and, and lo and behold, everybody thought it was a great idea.
Um, in fact, a lot of them said that they've all had ideas for doing something like this,
um, but just never, but never done it yet. So it's kind of one of those, like, it almost
sounds like it's like a, um, I don't know, like, uh, uh, uh, they bring in everything together,
like the Voltron or something of, of this, this, uh, people, uh, these writers. And, um, I, I,
that's why I expressed surprise a minute ago is that, wow, this thing's only three weeks old
because, you know, you go over to the Kickstarter page and I'm scrolling and scrolling and scrolling
and it's, you know, this big list of people. And I'm like, wow, you got, you got your little team
America together at well team worldwide really together in like three weeks. That's, that's
pretty, I didn't really make it through the bottom of the page because I stopped to look at Sean
baby's hair. I was just like, what is going on there? I don't understand this. I don't either.
You know, I met him for the first time. We were at the Portland retro gaming expo last weekend
and, um, he was up there and we've been talking on the phone a lot and, uh, but yeah, he's basically,
that's pretty much it, you know, and I think he'll, uh, sometimes it's that little Mohawk's
green and fluorescent green. Sometimes it's orange, pink or red. I'm very jealous of him
that it's not falling out because when you dye your hair that much, that's what's supposed to
be happening. But anyway, if you guys have a question for Mike, uh, with retro magazine,
Kickstarter, you can ask that live here in our chat room, live.vog network.com dark soccer.
I know you're dying to say something here because you've been studying print for awhile. This has to
be tickling you this whole idea, right? Well, you had me at print. I love the smell of CMYK fumes in
the morning. That's right. Um, I actually am a print designer and I, and I actually have just
recently gone into contract writing as in writing by contract. Yes I have. So, um, I, I find the
whole thing just very fascinating. I was wondering though, um, where you happen to get other, uh,
bits of inspiration from, cause I know that in the UK there's retro gamer right now and
yep. Yeah, no, that's a great magazine. I mean if, if, you know, if we can put together,
you know, something half as good as that, I'd be, you know, I love it. I mean that,
the thing that's so great about their magazine is they pack so much into it and they, they throw it
all together. Um, and like every spread, every like, you know, two page spread will have like
10 different stories going on, but yet they make it work. You know what I mean? And every time you
read that magazine, you see something new. It doesn't matter how many times you pick it up
or you know how old the magazine is. I mean you're reading through it and you're like,
God, I don't remember reading this, you know, the other 20 times I've flipped through the pages,
you know, their design is so clever. So I've, I was thinking, you know, I've thought for a
while that we could use something like that, you know, geared toward a North American audience
because some of the machines they cover over there, we never got out over here, but are you
also planning on including like some of the old import market, you know? Yeah, I tell you what,
it's since we've launched the Kickstarter campaign, we have had, uh, some great writers
from around the world contact us and want to be a part of this. Um, also in the U S I mean,
that's why this list keeps growing. I mean, when I first started out with this, I had,
uh, like Jeremy, uh, Sean, uh, cat. Um, you know, we went after Bob Mackie. Uh, of course he, he,
uh, the doors open to him, but he had some other things that, that, that might get in the way you
thought. Um, and a few others. So I had like maybe, maybe 10 to 12 people. And I think now
we've grown to like over 20 because people just want to be a part of this. And it's almost like,
you know, uh, they're not doing it for the money of course, because right now it's so segment,
we have so many people, it's not like in each, any one of them is going to be, you know, submitting
so many things. A lot of these people are going to be submitting, you know, maybe one or two columns,
um, that are recurring. Um, while we have others that might do, you know, a feature article,
an interview if we want them to do that, you know, or some assignment type, some assignment
type work. But, but yeah, the, to, to answer the question, we've had, uh, a couple of folks in
Japan, uh, send me some of their work and their journalists and podcasters over there. Uh, we've
had, uh, someone in the UK, we had somebody in Germany and, um, the deal is, I mean, I'm,
I'm basically, um, we'd love to have import information in here, whether it's current gen or,
you know, retro and classic information, because I mean, those areas had huge, you know, huge
influences, uh, even on the gaming here in the United States. Um, and it's sort of like,
you know, I mean, uh, I don't know what your first introduction was kind of to Japanese gaming,
but like the turbo graphics for me when I was little was sort of that strange, you know,
kind of mystical game, you know, console that, you know, played Japanese games. And, um, you know,
and then I guess the Neo Geo kind of came in and, you know, uh, I guess maybe right after that,
or pretty cool, pretty damn near about the same time, I guess. But, you know, it was always just
weird and seeing these games, um, you know, it was, it was just totally, you know, mind blowing
to see what they were doing over there. So there's some great history there and we really want to
cover all of the bases in retro. I mean, uh, you know, all the bases. So that personally makes me
happy. I guess you could, uh, could, uh, imagine my, uh, delight when I married someone who had
a turbo duo and a Neo Geo. Oh yeah. Um, I always like to ask this question of, uh, Kickstarter folks
when they come on the show, uh, you have this Kickstarter behind the campaign. I think it's
kind of obvious that, you know, the money is probably being raised because you actually have
to print the magazine that doesn't come for free, but what is it you're specifically raising the
money to do in this process? Well, mainly actually paying the writers, you know, these guys don't
come cheap and, uh, you know, my original budget was, uh, about six grand per issue, you know,
and if we got six issues, there's 36 grand right there. Right. Right. Um, and then of course we do
have printing costs now, Mark being in the industry, you know, uh, Mark commits my layout
and design guy, he's got some great contacts and we've really got our printing costs, uh,
in check. I mean, we've got them way low, even if we could even get up to, and this is sort of
maybe a lofty goal right now, but over 10,000, a total of 10,000 per issues, it drops down to
about, uh, about 90 cents an issue or a print. And that's, uh, you know, 50 right now we're,
we're, we're going to, it's going to be a minimum of 52 pages, a high gloss page, and we're gonna
do a thick stock cover. Do you guys remember like a next generation magazine? Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
one of the last greatest magazines, uh, at least as far as I'm concerned, you know, and they always
had that thick cover and I've still got, you know, I think the first two years, uh, even at their
premiere issue, uh, up, up in my closet because I just can't throw them away. They're just too nice
and they're a resource. You know, they had lots of, uh, you know, it was kind of that first
magazine that was kind of geared more towards, uh, I'm not gonna say adults, but I mean,
older gamers kind of at the time. And it's just full of great information. The covers were so
high quality is like, it wasn't a magazine you just read and throw in the trash. I don't think.
And that's what we want to do. We want to do, you know, uh, kind of a thick stock cover. Um,
you know, and, uh, just, just something that's going to kind of be a resource and, uh, Mark,
you know, being the great guy is, you know, we're, we're, we put an update in there about,
you know, using environmentally conscious, you know, materials and everything, soy inks and,
and recyclable paper. But the thing is going to look beautiful. Um, but I mean,
those are all things that we're thinking about. Um, and, you know, thanks to Mark, you know,
for kind of coming on and being in the industry and kind of knowing where to go, uh, and, and
putting this whole thing together. He, the magazine is going to look as good as anything
you've ever seen. I can guarantee you that with him on board this thing. Well, I think there's
a lot of people out there that definitely kind of collected these sort of game magazines and
are probably really looking for something like this. Um, I know that, uh, part of the approach,
at least that I was getting from the Kickstarter page is that you don't necessarily want these
issues to feel dated. I know the Kickstarter page says, you're not really looking at covering the
current in gaming. Just because you call it retro doesn't mean it's retro only, but I'm getting the
sense that you want these magazines to have to not be dated or, or stuck to a certain month and year,
right? Yeah. Well, for sure. I mean, every magazine is going to cover everything. It's
going to be heavily weighted with retro, of course. Um, certainly any current generation games or, or,
or gaming, you know, topics that have some sort of a historical background or relevance, uh, we want
to talk about, um, you know, we're kind of going back and forth. That's not to say we won't, you
know, uh, review AAA titles, but I mean, what's the point of reviewing, you know, Call of Duty 12
of if every other magazine and every other website's already doing it, you know what I mean?
And so, you know, like I said, you may or may not see those types of, those types of things, you
know, uh, reviewed, you know, typically we're going to hopefully look for stuff that kind of
flies under the radar. Certainly the indie stuff is big right now and there's tons of innovation
there, even, you know, on the retro side and mobile, you know? Um, so you can expect console,
mobile, indie, uh, PC gaming, arcade and pinball. We got Kevin Steele in there from
Game Room Magazine going to bring up that end of it. Um, you know, we're going to cover it all,
you know, we're going to try to fit it into 52 pages. I'm thinking there's probably a
relatively good chance that this thing's going to increase to 60 pages, uh, when we start.
Well, that's one of your stretch goals, right? Is to try and thicken the magazine?
Yeah, yeah. We didn't really, that's one of the things we've been a little bit criticized over
kind of the, kind of the ambiguity behind the stretch goals. And right now, um, you know,
we don't really know, we know it's going to be a minimum of 52 pages and only four pages of ads.
So we want to keep it, you know, uh, lots of, you know, lots of in-depth features and stuff and
minimal on the ad space. Um, but you know, right now we've got so many people, uh, the, the trick
for us is going to be, you know, how do we juggle everybody? Is everybody in every issue? Uh, are
some people staggered, you know, every other issue, um, or do we just simply add more pages? And
honestly, that's what we'd want to do. Um, and I think we get up, you know, if we can get up over,
you know, to the sixties, you know, uh, our goal is 50,000, which really is what we've budgeted
as sort of a breakeven point to produce six 52 page issues. So if we can go, um, you know,
if we can get up to 60, 70,000, we'd like to add, you know, another four pages, you know,
four page increments, of course. Um, we get up to 60 pages and, and, uh, you know, maybe you get
into the 80 to 90 page range maybe before the year is over. Um, we've, we've got, I mean, we're,
there will be no shortage of content. I'll tell you that, um, these guys are already, you know,
coming up with some great ideas, uh, things they're going to be writing about. And I'm just
as excited as everybody else, uh, to be reading what all these people have to say. You're just
putting this all together. You can't wait to read it yourself. I can't. Yeah, I really can't. I've
been reading, you know, I mean, I grew up gaming in the seventies and, and, you know, electronic
games, the first kind of magazine dedicated to the hobby, um, you know, back in the early eighties,
um, and, um, you know, graduated into, you know, game fan and EGM and, and, uh, game pro like
everybody else did. You remember when game magazines used to be like 200 pages thick.
I do. You know, I mean, those, those were the days. I mean, those were just great days.
I also, I was really fond of, um, my first gaming system and I'm using my quotey fingers was really
a Commodore 64. So I remember, I remember the magazines that were like the really nice glossy
pages at the beginning and the back was more like newspaper. Cause it was all the type these into
your computer. Yeah. Right. Get these games type of thing. Yeah. I've got a Commodore 64 set up
here in the home arcade. Yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I collect, you know, that's part of the
reason I started game gavel, the auction site back in away, which is to give gamers a better place to
buy and sell. It's a lot cheaper than eBay, free listings, free seller stores. We've got tons of
great sellers on there. Um, and, uh, the plan. Um, and, and we're not going to bombard people
with game gavel in the magazine, but on the digital side, uh, well, first of all, if everybody
that buys the print subscription is going to get digital for free. Okay. So you're going to be able
to kind of get both. Um, the digital magazines, we will have, uh, maybe just a shopping cart icon.
So if you're reading about a game, you know, we'll put a shopping cart on there. If you click
the shopping cart, it'll pull up the listings and the auction site for all of the other gamers that
are, that are, that are selling that game, you know, and bringing people into the marketplace
to buy and sell. So that's kind of the plan, kind of integrating the commerce with the content,
at least with the digital. I was gonna say a little bit of synergy between your, your different
projects, but that's smart. I mean, there's nothing wrong with that. Uh, if you guys want
to consider donating to a retro, the throwback video game magazine, you can find that on
Kickstarter. It's a kickstarter.com slash projects slash. So Cal Mike, but it's probably easier to
just go to kickstarter.com and search for retro. Uh, some of the different various award tiers,
you can actually get, uh, for $7, the premiere issue of retro. If you want to look at a six
years, uh, one or six issue, excuse me, one year digital subscription, uh, you can kick back $12
for that, uh, dark soccer, very reasonable. Yeah. You had something dark soccer. Well,
you said you said the magic P word pinball. Yeah. So, um, that actually really, uh,
my husband and I collect pinball tables. Oh, right. And, um, we're down to three,
but we have a twilight zone. So that's what matters. What else do you guys have? Um,
we have world cup soccer 94, which was my favorite and, uh, jackpot. Oh, right. Yeah.
We actually got rid of no fear for jackpot, but, um, it was like, I know we actually have
hung out a few times with, uh, Steve Ritchie. Um, yeah, we know Steve. He's such a great guy.
Oh yeah. Uh, and he does the voices. That's so amazing. But, um, I was asking what I was
wondering about the pinball is if you were going to be, um, like doing interviews with stern and,
and covering some of the newer, uh, yeah. I mean, I, I mean, I know the stern, I noticed,
um, you know, we know stern real well. We know Jersey Jack real well. Um, you know,
they just came out with wizard of Oz and they're working, I think on their second table now.
Um, so yeah, I mean, anytime there's a new table out, we want to do, you know,
an in-depth review of that thing and, and, uh, you know, interview the designers behind it.
Uh, we just, uh, we've got great, you know, again, I've just got some great, uh,
great contacts going back, uh, um, you know, through, through the years and everything. And,
and, uh, we do, um, retro gaming round up podcast for about six years and every one of those shows,
we do a one to two hour interview with somebody, um, you know, famous, some old gaming, you know,
we did Al Alcorn and Ted Dabney, all the Activision guys, uh, Steve, I mean, uh,
some of the pinball folks. I mean, it, it goes on and on and on. We get all of our interviews
at classic gaming expo and Portland and the Portland show. We just went to, we got some
great interviews up there. Um, and a lot of those interviews can be transcribed into the
magazine as well. Just kind of preserved in print. Nice. Let me go to, let me go to chat
room with a couple of questions, uh, from live.vognetwork.com. Uh, I'll ask a couple
of these questions and then we'll wrap up here. Um, dark Tetsuya in our chat room says, uh,
out of all the names you got involved, who were you the most excited to get on board?
Um, boy, I would have to say, if I could answer too, well, I don't know. I'd have to say Jeremy
parish because, you know, Jeremy is, is such a consummate professional. He's just, he's a great
writer. Um, and people love Jeremy, you know, there's just something about him that, that
everybody loves. Um, uh, I hate to, you know, single anybody out. I mean, Sean baby, Chris
Kohler, Jeff green, uh, Andy Eddie, for God's sakes. Um, cat Bailey, Ryan Scott, Leonard Herman,
a big historian in, in the, uh, in the, um, you know, in the industry that writes just these great
books, you know, and, uh, what I'm excited about having Lenny on board is, is, you know, he, he
writes some of them. Are you familiar with, with Lenny Herman? Uh, the name doesn't ring a bell,
but it's probably one of those things when you tell me what he did. I'll be like, yes,
Leonard Herman and look at the books. I mean, he writes just some of the best books on the history
of gaming. And, uh, these are like, you know, five, 600 pages is a lot of times they're,
they're insane. And so what I'm excited about is, is there's a lot of young general, you know,
kind of the younger generation gamer who may not pick up, you know, a 500 page book on the industry
and the history of it. Um, but you know, if he can write, you know, four or five, six pages on a,
on a particular topic, um, you know, I think, I think kids will read it and, and really learn
something about the industry. And that's what we really want to do. We want to sort of preserve the
past and kind of look back and understand, you know, why the industry is what it is. I mean,
God, when it started, everybody thought it was gonna be a fad. I remember back in the
seventies and the eighties, you know, nobody knew it was going to be around for another 30 years.
I really love reading the stories from like the time when people were developing for the
Atari 2600, when it just sounded like, you know, it was so much pressure and it was like one or
two people. And it's such a different type of culture than what we see now. We had two days
to make Pac-Man. You know, I've, I'm always fascinated by that. And like really how it's
grown into these. Now you look at a game like Grand Theft Auto five and it's like, you know,
it's like shooting five movies all at the same time. It's so much. Yeah. I mean, it's,
it's really insane. It's really insane. But yeah, I'd have to say Jeremy, I was really glad
to get him on more, but, but not to just pick anybody. I'm, I'm just loving everybody that
we've assembled into this thing so far. And, and a lot of them, you know, have asked to get involved
with it after the fact. Nice. You know, which is great, which is sort of, uh, I think just
led some credibility to the idea of, of, uh, you know, everybody wants to be a part of this thing
and, uh, you know, getting the, getting all of this wisdom and, and history, uh, you know,
it packed into the pages of a single magazine, uh, has never been done before. Even on a website,
you know, there's not, there's not been a writing team like this assembled. So it's,
it's just a special thing. And, um, you know, we, uh, I think we got a long way to go. I mean, we're
you know, around 35% of goal right now. Uh, but you know, we got 20 days to go. That sounds like
it long time, but the days kind of keep ticking away. And I keep thinking to myself, you know,
the trend has kind of been down, but I've talked to people who run kickstarters. I don't know if
you guys know anybody or run into yourself, but it sounds like there's a little bit of a kind of
a smile or it kind of dips and goes down. And then, you know, people just wait. Cause you know,
I wait a lot of times on kickstarters. I'll wait till the last few days or the last week,
you know, and then, you know, there's a big kind of a surge of people kind of that last week.
And so, uh, yeah, we kind of hope it goes that way. I think the internet is kind of a funky
place too, where you kind of have to just catch that wave at the right moment where it hits and
it goes viral and then it's spreading everywhere. And then that's where your kickstarter is really
going to take off. So, um, I hope I, I, I'm not going to profess to be a very large organization
here at orange launch radio, other voice geeks network, but I hope we can do what we can here
by having you on tonight to bring awareness to it. Maybe, maybe cause a little bit of an uptick
with that. Um, again, if you guys want to look at a retro, you can check that out at kickstarter.com
and I'm also happy to spread the word around the pinball circles. Yeah, please do. I mean,
we, we want to definitely have, uh, you know, some pinball, uh, uh, content in every issue,
you know? Um, I think there's plenty of plenty of things to talk about.
Especially with the craziness of some of the tables that have just come out and are coming
out. Metallica was crazy. Have you seen Wizard of Oz? Yes, I did. I played it. Holy crap. That
thing was insane. It's crazy. And there's just so much going on. I was like, I'm about to go
into overload. I think I need to take a break. Yeah. It's a very impressive table. I like the
Tron table. I thought that was cool, but I'm a big nerd. I like the special edition Tron.
All right. Before I let Mike go, Mike, we always ask our guests this when they come on the show
and it may have nothing to do with the project that you're talking about, but we are a video
game show. We want to know what kind of games are you playing this week? Oh my gosh. Well,
I just picked up a missile command cocktail table here on the Craigslist here in LA
for a whopping $140. Super cheap for a cocktail table. That's great. Oh my gosh. I mean,
everybody, I got friends all over the country and you guys are in LA, right? Or Southern
California. We're in Sacramento. So we're about six hours north of you. Yeah. I drove up there.
I drove to Portland and spent a night on the way up in Sac. But I don't know what it is up north,
but down here, it's just sort of like a feeding friends. I mean, my friends are going nuts because
I find such great deals like on Craigslist, you know, they're like missile command, 140 bucks.
That would have been $500 in Virginia, you know? And so, yeah, I just picked that up
and I've been playing some, what was I playing today? I think Gradius 5 on the PS2. Nice.
Great game. I've got a little man cave down here, kind of home office where I've got,
you know, four arcade games. I got a Touchmaster hooked up. I got an Apple IIc and my Commodore's
hooked up. I got about 90 Commodore cartridges and I play that all the time. So you don't just
talk the talk with this retro stuff. You walk the walk as well. Yeah, no, man. I'm in deep. Thank
God my wife loves to play games as well. So that's how my husband and I got together.
A last thing here, Dark Soccer, you had one more thing.
I actually was just thinking of imagined if our two vaults combined, it would totally
explode the world. Dark Soccer and Her Abbey have a huge gaming vault as well that just like all
this stuff. So I want to go play all this stuff now, but you were actually asking about a little
bit about what the market is up here. For a lot of the retro games, they're actually quite expensive
and it's easy for us to go to the Bay Area too. It's not unreasonable. But especially in the
pinball market, for example, our Twilight Zone about maybe five years ago, we could have gotten
about three grand for it. We could easily get six. Right. Yeah. Well, that's one of the greats.
Yeah. All right. Well, I got to wrap up and let Mike go. Mike, thanks so much for your time here.
Thank you guys so much. I really appreciate the opportunity to tell your listeners about this.
No worries. And best of luck with the project. You know, one thing I don't think I really got
out there during the interview is that we love that you're taking an indie approach to it.
We've always been fiercely independent here at Orange Lawn Trader. You know,
we've been doing what we do here since 2002. Yeah. Amazing.
Yeah. For 11 plus years. Before a podcast even was a podcast.
Yes, actually. Yeah. We were a live 365 show for a couple of years before that.
Oh, right. We tell all the kids to get off our lawn.
But yeah, I mean, we love that you guys are keeping it independent with this. Even if
you are bringing in people who are kind of paid behind the big budget stuff,
you're kind of at least getting them outside of that element for this indie production.
I think that's fantastic. It's great because they're going to, I think that, I mean,
these guys aren't used to writing and kind of this type of environment. I think I mentioned
that one of the updates that, you know, they're used to working for these big media companies
all the time. And so, I'm hoping that, you know, they're on a long leash. I'll tell you that. I
mean, really, they're not on any kind of a leash. I mean, I don't know what they're going to be
writing about. You know, we'll obviously kind of nail some of that down as we move forward
to building the first issue. But I really think that they're going to talk about things and write
maybe just a little bit differently in this environment than they would normally write,
you know, working for Future US or WriteGN or, you know, one of these big companies.
So, I'm just really excited to kind of give them the freedom to kind of write what they want to
write about, how they want to write. A new side of some of your favorite video game authors.
Yeah. Hey, one last thing too. Speaking of Live 365, I also do a retroarcaderadio.com. It's just
24 hours a day, live streaming, retro gaming related music and old vintage commercials.
You guys are interested in that. It's been going on. I've been running that for about
five or six years as well. So, retroarcaderadio.com, but it's a Live 365 station as well.
Hey, they served a great purpose for us for many years until we decided to branch out. So,
but yeah, that's awesome. That sounds like a great thing to do when you're playing your
Commodore 64 with 90 cartridges and all this other crazy stuff you have. So, that's awesome.
Well, best of luck with your various projects. That's retroarcaderadio.com?
Retroarcaderadio.com.
Retroarcaderadio.com. Okay. So, you got retroarcaderadio.com,
gamegavel.com and soon retro game magazine or whatever domain you get for this.
Yep.
Dot com as well. You're a busy guy, Mike. Best of luck with all your projects.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for taking the time out to be with us here at OLR tonight. Have a great night.
All right. Bye guys.
All right. Bye-bye. Wow. That was awesome.
You should be our new best friend.
You want to be his best friend. No, I liked him. He seemed well enough,
but you guys definitely have the retro pinball. That same same's there.
Well, just a moment he said pinball is like, bing.
Well, you don't get any of that in any of the current publications really,
unless it's specifically pinball. And I mean, especially now with, you know,
for example, that wizard of Oz table has such a heavy video element with it
that, or all the pinball 2000 that had the screens.
You're dealing with a pinball and video game, you know, a digital game combined
that isn't baby Pac-Man. But I still love baby Pac-Man.
I still love baby Pac-Man. I love me some baby Pac-Man.
All right. Best of luck to those guys. One more time. You can search for that on kickstarter.com.
It is retro and I'll probably contribute a little bit for that effort. I think,
I think it's a fine, uh, idea they've got over there. And I would,
I would not mind having some more magazines to put on the shelves.
Maybe this will take my Kickstarter virginity.
Ooh. Okay. That's right. You've never donated to a Kickstarter.
Because my Amazon payments weren't working every time I freaking try.
All right. So by the way, before we move on to the rest of our gaming weeks,
I did want to point out over in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
uh, there wasn't, uh, there was a lot of other chatter that weren't just question for
questions for Mike. Uh, but there was chalk going on there about like some other gaming magazine,
you know, memories. And we're going to get into that with our Fugu question of the week later,
but I did want to point out for dark soccer, a code man was offering to go get high with
you on some CMYK fumes. Oh yeah. I, I think I actually started that.
There you go. I'm sorry. If you, if you are a print design person, there is no smell as
wonderful as stepping into a print shop and smelling the toxic fumes. I have to tell you
that traditional ink smells a lot different than the soy ink. And I don't know what I like better.
Just saying. Have you smelled a print shop on weed?
All right, Loki. Uh, it's time to get over to your gaming week. When we left off, we'd heard
it from dark soccer. Let's get into your gaming week and the types of games you've been playing
this week. Well, it's really only one type of game. I've been playing Grand Theft Auto five.
I did play a little bit of online cause I was trying to catch up my Xbox, uh, 360 character
to my PS3 character. So I managed to get up to level 10 on my 360 character. And then I decided,
um, uh, well, one night I was trying to play with Bobby, but he kept getting stuck in like
full games and I couldn't join his game. So I ended up just going back to single player
and trying to finish my a hundred percent stuff. So that's what I've been doing since,
uh, earlier this week. And I'm now 82% complete. I think I started, I'm pretty much almost done
with the Epsilon program missions and, um, what else did I do? Oh, I finished all the, uh,
triathlons, which seriously, rock stars, seriously. There's a 30 minute fucking long triathlon,
30 minutes in real time of mashing a mashing a for 30 fucking that sounds about as awesome as
desert bus. I, that is so fucking, oh, it's almost as, almost as fun as the part in Epsilon,
uh, missions where you have to run for five miles. So I was sitting there running in circles for
about 20 minutes that that was fun. Also mashing a for like a while. Um, and then what else? So,
all the races and, um, I think I'm pretty much, I have a buying property and I don't know pretty
much. I just have to do a lot of the collectibles and stunt jumps and the planes under the bridges
and stuff. Um, so I have to finish that and I think that'll be about it. Um, now much left to
go, but I'm going to still work on that. But later this week though, we are going to be doing a vog
or two vog gaming nights for grant the thought online one day on PlayStation three, one day on
X-Box three 60. So stay tuned the forums. I'm thinking right now that it's going to be Friday,
Saturday. I just have to make sure it doesn't conflict with any shows. That's about it.
Uh, as long as it's not Saturday night when us L is on, you should be good.
If you do it a little earlier in the night, Saturday, Saturday should be fine.
Maybe in the middle of week then. Yeah, we'll see. All right. Just stay tuned to the, uh,
forums. We have a thread in the forums and I'll put times there. So sounds good.
All right. Uh, my gaming week, uh, I told you all about the, uh, show, uh, that I did on yesterday.
So, um, that took a big bite out of most of my gaming time this week, just like last week,
unfortunately. Uh, so I'm going to get caught up this week. I did play a little bit of final
fantasy 14. Um, not as much as you'd think based on what I said last week. Um, I was fortunate
enough to get into hearthstone beta, which is a blizzards, a free to play trading card game.
Uh, I talked a little bit about this at length on the hoard house. I'll kind of repeat some of
that here. Um, I did enjoy the game well enough, especially for something that's free to play.
I found the gameplay to be a little bit basic, but some card game affectionados who know this stuff
a little more than I do, uh, seem to really enjoy it and kind of find the depth in it that I'm
currently, I guess not seeing or whatever. I was really surprised kind of like that you draw so
few cards and it's really like, you know, the man is all just kind of built in. You don't have cards
on your own for that or whatever. So, um, but I guess the easy to play thing is really to try to
draw in as many people as possible. And kind of my final verdict on hearthstone from what I've
played on it so far is that I think it's going to be a great tablet game. And I really look forward
to it on tablets because I like the idea of just kind of being able to like, you know, lie in bed
before I go to sleep and, you know, play around with just the touch controls. But if I'm sitting
down at my PC, I kind of think there's other games I might want to play that, that really aren't
hearthstone. Um, one of those games I would want to play is a game I did get a chance to check out
quickly this week, which is audio surf 2. Now this game is still in development. It's something
that's on steam early access. So I don't want to review the game per se. I just kind of want to
say, Hey, it's out there. You can check it out. Uh, one of the big differences I'm noticing between
audio surf 2 and audio surf 1, which is a game I really enjoyed too. And if you haven't played
audio surf 1, um, it's a game that uses your own music too. And then the first game you had these
different modes, but like the main mode was sort of like, you would pick up these colored blocks
as you would speed down a tunnel, uh, that is set to whatever your song is. And it kind of, kind of
was like clacks. I don't know if any of you remember that nineties puzzler clacks, remember
that where they come down the conveyor belt, the colored pieces would come down the conveyor belt
and you try to match three match five. You kind of tried to do that really quick and audio surf,
but audio surf had a mode that I thought was way better called the mono mode where it was just
pick up, you know, the pieces are black or white and it's just about navigating and being able to
move through the field as fast as possible. So you pick up only the pieces that are colorful and not
the pieces that are, you know, the wrong color. Um, so I like that mode the best. And it seems
like they're trying to kind of capitalize on that a little bit in audio surf 2, at least the modes
that are in there right now is kind of the mono mode, but the mode I really like, one of the
things they have in there right now is, is like a, um, it's like, Oh, I remember the name of it.
It was like a wave race type of mode, because what you can do is that like, let's say, you know,
you're about to go down a big hill because when the tempo of the song picks up, you start to go
down a hill. Well, what you do is you swing your character all the way to a side of the side of
the tunnel and click the mouse button and they'll like fly up in the air. And then you're flying
down the hill and you do tricks in the air. And then you kind of land like, it's like,
like you're in like a jet ski type thing and you do these tricks. And I thought that was a really
cool little innovation. And that's like, I, the way that plays and feels because, you know,
that's when the crescendos of the music happens. So to kind of do like this whole, like,
right when the crescendo of a big dance song hits, like boom, I'm going to go flying in the
air and do all these tricks. Like it's, it's really rewarding in that sort of way. So, um,
yeah, I'm, I'm liking what I'm seeing of audio surf 2 so far, I guess one of the other big
things they're going to do with it is mods. They want to have more and more mods and user created
stuff. I imagine this is going to be a part of that steam, uh, what do they call this steam
community marketplace or something like that, where people can make their own stuff like they
have with Skyrim and civilization and stuff. I can't imagine this game isn't going to incorporate
that big time. So, uh, yeah, I am looking forward to seeing what further develops audio surf too,
but that's pretty much been my gaming week is just those games. Otherwise I've been pretty busy
with other stuff. So let's get into some housekeeping and then we'll get into the news
tonight. Uh, for tonight's housekeeping, I did want to mention quickly because I forgot to
mention last week. Um, I, uh, was on a, another show, uh, the let's wow podcast last week,
episode 31 that is now on the feed. But when I was talking about that, I forgot to plug,
uh, gamut's stream that he's doing this Tuesday on into Wednesday, he's going to be doing a 24
hour live stream for charity. He's raising money for breast cancer awareness month. He's trying to,
you know, kind of bring attention to that, especially because, uh, world of Warcraft
has such a huge community behind it and the online gaming stuff in general. I think, uh, you know,
it's a great way to kind of say, Oh, Hey, while you're playing these games, don't forget that
there's this type of awareness going on in the real world. And, you know, uh, cancer really sucks
and we have to keep fighting it and raising money through research. So, um, I think that's really
cool that he's doing this video game, uh, live stream to support that. Uh, so I want to give
that a plug. You can check out more information on his website, gamuthunts.com. Uh, and he'll be
streaming that on his Twitch channel on Tuesday. Uh, otherwise the only other thing I can think of
to plug here is that of course we are on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. We're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. And, uh, I think that's it. That's all I've got to plug
right now. So I guess we should get into some news. Loki. All right. So, um, let's talk a
little bit about, um, new devices coming out and you may remember we talked briefly about the Mojo,
which I think is pretty cool. The Mad Catz micro console that's going to have Android games and
stuff on it. What's kind of unique about it is that it can actually play normal Android games.
It's not a separate marketplace. You can actually map the controls and stuff. The only problem with
it though is it's $250. Um, but yeah, so they announced $250. It's up for pre-order. Ships in
December, tentatively. Um, some of the specs on it. It's going to be, uh, it's going to have 16
gigabytes of storage with a micro SD, uh, support. Also they have, um, I guess, uh, a 1.8 gigahertz
Tegra 4 processor. So it's definitely more powerful than like say an Ouya and it comes
with a special, um, uh, controller that's Bluetooth enabled, which allows you to also,
uh, I guess use it on like Android or as a PC controller or even use like mouse input and stuff.
Um, so that's pretty cool. And then one of the other cool things that you can do with this,
and I guess it kind of helps warrant the $250 price point is that you can actually stream PC
games with it. So that's going to be coming, I think after it launches. Um, and it's going to
wait a minute. Loki, isn't that supposed to be the steam machines thing? Well, technically, yeah,
I guess it could be, but, um, I think it's kind of cool. Uh, they've got, let's see,
here's some more specs on the Mojo, uh, two gigs of Ram and, um, one USB 2.0 and one USB 3.0 port.
I mean, that's pretty cool that it supports that Bluetooth 4.0 and it's running Android 4.22. Um,
and they even have a headphone socket on there. So that's kind of cool. You can listen to your
audio through that. Um, I don't know. I think for the, for 250 bucks and it can stream games
to your TV. That's kind of cool. If it was just strictly an Android box, um, that probably
wouldn't be worth it for 250 bucks. So I don't know. What would you think would make, make it
worth the cost for 250 bucks? It's going to do a lot more than just, you know, play Android games.
I think, um, the controller looks nice at least. It's just, you mean you can, I guess a lot of
people have their phones and stuff and it would cost a lot less to probably just get an HDMI out
on your phone or get some other type of streaming thing. Uh, since it does support Android, I
suppose you could also use this as like a box to watch Netflix or Hulu or anything like that on.
Um, so there's just my living room needs another Netflix device. I don't have any of those. Some
people don't have a lot of stuff or some people might want a second one or third or fourth or
whatever. Um, and plus it looks kind of nice. I mean, it's shiny. It's got blue light on front.
I don't normally purchase my consoles based on lights, but it definitely looks better.
Um, 57 LEDs. I think the price was a little expensive. Maybe if it comes down to price
later on, it might be worth it for me. But, um, I just don't need any more consoles right now,
but the controller looks nice. I mean, if I could use on 360 or a PS3, I might be down with that.
All right. Well, uh, going to some stories about the Xbox one happening out there, uh, there was,
so a lot of talk this week about, uh, you know, there's been a lot of talk about the connect
and privacy and all that, you know, ever since they announced the whole always on thing, there
was the concerns about privacy. Well, I don't think it's even necessarily that it's more ever
since they announced, you know, all that, all that stuff leaking out and no Microsoft's in bed with
the NSA type thing. Well, yeah, yeah. But I mean, this is even really about that, but it's been on
people's minds because of that ever since they announced the system. And, uh, this was kind of
an interesting, uh, development on that this week. Uh, I'm going to totally pronounce this
name, so I apologize, but it's Yusuf Mehdi, who is the corporate vice president of marketing and
strategy for Microsoft was talking to the national advertisers, masters of marketing conference.
This is happening in Phoenix, uh, earlier this week, he was talking about some of the, uh,
things that the Xbox one could do that could actually affect marketing and how it's going to be,
um, even bigger than the PlayStation four in terms of the marketing. And this would have to do with,
Xbox's imaging technology, uh, talking about moving the gamification movement along and
advertise me. And if you haven't heard that term gamification before, uh, you know, it's
making games out of advertising, like, you know, interactive flash type things. Uh, the fact that
like, like, uh, take a social app, like four square is gamifying social media by, you know,
you check in, you get points, there's the mayor ship, there's all that. That's all gamification
because games are fun. Look at vog network.com gamified, uh, a radio network of independent
podcasts and kind of made a game out of that. That's, that's gamification. The catch pull ones.
We have to park the car to get your catch. Yes. Which we actually use on vog network.com,
which is a fun one. Yeah. Or reverse the people who use their advertising as a catch.
Oh yeah. Where you have to type in like, you know, the product, what product is blah, blah, blah.
Just do it. You know, you have to type in the slogan or whatever, but anyway, uh, talking about
also consolidating, uh, more attention that's diffused otherwise on multiple devices. Uh,
X-Box one will make it easier to port real time fantasy football data into the TV screen as people
watch their NFL games. It does sound kind of interesting. I know some people that are really
into fantasy football and I could sort of see that with a connects going to help do that. Well,
the X-Box one does that because it's that whole like connect supposed to do that. You can watch
the TV and like the three quarters window and then around the edge kind of has your game,
gamify or whatever. Yeah. But I'm just trying to figure out how the connect is actually
going to enhance something that basically I could feed into it. Normally I'm just saying like,
unless is it going to recognize that, you know, say I'm following me on my team of players because
it knows my face. And so that's going to display that stat, those stats. And I don't know. Well,
anyway, some of this chat led people to believe that, uh, Oh, they're going to harvest ad data
through the connect. But, uh, Microsoft came out after all of this and said, hold on, no, no,
this is not what we're doing. Uh, and, uh, yeah, this just said, nobody is working on that. That's
not something that happened. It is not going to happen without the user having control over it.
But see, here's my opinion. They can say this until they're blue in the face,
but this ultimately becomes an issue of, do you trust Microsoft? And that can be very frustrating
for a company like Microsoft. Like we're not doing it. Why won't people believe us?
But there's some people out there that have that distrust question. That corporate stuff
probably comes from the fact that there's all these dirty rumors out there of all these
horrible things that Microsoft could possibly be doing. And then they came out and said,
yep, we're going to do all that. And then Sony said, Nope, we're not going to do all that.
And then Microsoft said, no, we're actually not going to do that now. And we're not going to do
that now. And we're not going to do that now because, because you people don't like it,
but we may implement those features in the future. You know, it's just,
you know, it's a whole flip-flopping that makes people kind of unwary about that stuff.
Um, I think, I mean, what was kind of, I don't know, I guess concerning would have been the
features that, okay, we can recognize individual people. We can cater ads based on those people
that are, happen to be sitting in front of, you know, the screen. We can recognize, you know,
whether they're looking at the ad because we can see where their eyes are looking or something
like that, you know, or, you know, they're how long they're engaged in watching that.
Some of this has to do with patents too. Like, you know, and, and it causes a lot of buzz going
on through. Cause I remember when was it wasn't Microsoft that has that patent for, it can detect
like who is actually watching the film and lock the person who's not the owner out of watching
the movie or see like if there's more than 10 people watching the movie that, you know,
it could charge a different rate or something like that. And people really ran with that patent,
even though it's just a patent. It's not something that they're actually necessarily thinking about
doing. I don't remember. I apologize if I'm misrepresenting the facts. I don't remember
if that was Microsoft or Sony. I'm pretty sure it was Microsoft, but we have a live chat. I'm
sure I'll get corrected here in a minute if I was wrong, but I seem to recall that was an issue like
a year ago on the show gamification of stuff with connect and like these stupid interactive ads and
stuff through connect on the Microsoft. Well, it's funny, funny you say that. Cause Tiger
Claude chat at live.hognetwork.com says you think they'll have achievements just for watching an ad
and a dark soccer. You're responding to him in chat, talking about Gaia online,
which kind of does something like that. Yeah. You like get Gaia gold for doing surveys and
watching their stupid little ads. I used to do Gaia back in the day. Well, I think, okay,
well maybe Microsoft doesn't necessarily have that yet, but you got achievements from playing
those Burger King games. There was achievements in Yaris, which was an adver game, but Burger King
games were just genius. I actually get the Burger King games were really like, and I'm very
disappointed that there's no new Burger King games because they were, they were creepy in their own
way and it was just, it was fun. But besides, besides all of that, uh, I also think though
that, you know, Microsoft has said there's going to be an achievement for like day one
Xbox purchasing, like a day one adopter. So, I mean, that might not be advertising per se,
but they are definitely willing to put achievements in things that are not games.
Well, they are there. I think they were talking about like TV watching and stuff like that is
part of an achievement. Plus remember now Xbox rewards and stuff, they give you rewards for
doing different things. Who's to say they couldn't give you rewards for watching ads.
Code man in our chat room at live.thognetwork.com says it's not that we need less marketing. It's
that we need more less annoying marketing. Well, let me ask this tough question. What is that?
Then what, what is marketing that is not annoying? I think that's a tough question to answer because
I think whenever a lot of people feel like they're being kind of like pandered to or marketed to,
they might feel a little bit annoyed. So what's not annoying? I actually don't mind product
placement in a game or in a movie as long as it's not obtrusive.
Like, you know, the billboards and crazy taxis, what I think of, or take me to KFC, you know,
like I didn't, I wasn't annoyed with that. I actually found it funny. It was kind of funny
or, you know, it's stuff that you see in real life. You know, you're driving through the town,
you may see an ad for, you know, like a racing game. They have all the Valvoline and
Ferrelli and all that, you know, that's what you see at an actual racing track.
That's realistic advertising in the game. Or, you know, for example, character walks into,
you know, a snack room and goes to a Pepsi machine and gets a Diet Pepsi. That's unobtrusive
marketing. That's something that would happen in real life. It all depends. I mean, I've seen
people complain about that kind of stuff in, you know, games where they'll have, you know,
Mountain Dew or something. And it's like, so you're 22 or five or something ridiculous,
you know, in the future. And there's all these Mountain Dew machines everywhere.
I think like, if you want to do, I think people need to feel, because right now they feel, okay,
we're being charged for online. And now we're also being advertised to at the same time, because
look at the PlayStation network. They don't really have ads all over the place on the PlayStation,
you know, cross media bar. There's not ads. I mean, there's a little advertisement ticker
thing in the corner. We're talking about sales and stuff and games coming up, but it's not like
a Doritos commercial or something like that. Your system defaults to what's new and it might show,
like it'll show things that you own, but it'll also show things that are in the marketplace
in there, but that's not terrible. But that's, that's not really that bad.
But Microsoft though, they have fucking little tiles with, you know, ads in them. And a lot of
people think, well, wait a second. And especially, you know, just comparing stuff in the current gen
marketplace, you have Microsoft that's charging for online, Sony that's not charging for online.
There's no ads there. And Microsoft on top of charging you, they're also throwing ads in your
face, whether it be in the corner of the screen and you don't necessarily have to see it, you
know, but it's still there. And people are like, what the fuck? You know, aren't you getting enough
money from me already? And now you're making ad dollars on top of that. And so that's kind of
where the problem is. Xenocore in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says beer commercials are
awesome marketing. Most interesting man in the world is awesome marketing. You know, that kind
of had me thinking is that, well, you know, it is very interesting when we talk about marketing
vices, especially things like beer, you know, who has traditionally had, you know, Budweiser has
had some of the like biggest commercials you can possibly think of out there in history.
And then I kind of think of, you know, what's really fascinating. And this is kind of an
unpopular opinion. I'm not saying it's good. I'm just saying it's fascinating is that look at the
history of cigarette advertising, because those people are having stones. Well, those people
are having to advertise something that they know kills people. So it's, it's, it's really amazing
to see how they market that. Well, have you looked into the history of cigarette marketing?
Not like professionally, but I just, I can think of what I saw when I was a kid, back when there
were vending machines and restaurants and what I see now, they used to do Marlboro ads featuring
the Flintstones. It was like Marlboro tastes good, like a cigarette should. And then they
would have doctor endorsements in magazines prior to the sixties. They would have actual written
doctor endorsements for cigarettes being good for you. You know, and of course, you know, now
truth in advertising is a really, really big thing. So of course we don't have that anymore,
nor do we have the television ads. Or the old, although I have seen those little vending machines
repurposed. I have too. Yeah. That's kind of funny how they'll put those old cigarette
machines to use. There's a, I think at the Crocker museum, they actually do, um, replicas of some of
the art pieces or, or it's small scale or the flip because they don't really make cigarette vending
machines anymore. At least not in California. Like if you go to a bar where they do sell cigarettes
in the outdoor area, which is the only place you can smoke. It's like the type of vending machine
that sells chips and cookies in other places with a little, it's, it's fascinating to me.
I miss the old cigarette machine aesthetic, even if I don't agree with the product. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. No, the old cigarette machine, I should say that kind of cool, but like the knob and outcome,
your smoke, but that's also marketing in a way. And it's, it's cigarettes that are,
you're not supposed to be having, but keep in mind this happened. Remember what I mentioned
about the Crocker. They're using an almost a cultural artifact that we once associated with
cigarettes. We know it's a, its purpose is to sell you something. Instead of selling you
something harmful is selling you something beautiful. Although art is relative. Anyway,
anyhow, we're getting a little off track here a little, but, uh, yeah, advertising, um,
who knows what's going to develop in the future as, as entertainment gets more and more and more
interactive, uh, they'll come up with something. Anyhow, Dark Sakura, before we get to release
dates. Oh man, rage nator. I am not going to quote Dennis Larry except for, uh, what is it?
You, you have the, you, how about life's going to suck when you grow up, when you have the orgasm,
you smoke the, but you eat a cookie, you go to bed and that's the end of the story
about what the meaning of happiness anyway. So, um, oh yeah. And the, uh, I only want to eat
meat from cows that smoke. Oh, okay. Video games, Silent Hill. How about Silent Hill?
I'm going to have to smoke just to get through that game. My God. Just kidding.
Don't you know that's what the fog is. So anyway, um, way forward, um, did Silent Hill
book of memories. And, uh, it turns out though that before they did Contra four that they were,
um, they had a prototype out for, um, a, uh, another Silent Hill game for the Nintendo DS
and their little prototype starred, um, the dude from Silent Hill two. And it had, uh,
there was some video out about it, about, you know, what it was supposed to, to look like.
But of course that got canceled and they also had, and this makes me think back to the whole,
um, biohazard, uh, 1.5 where, um, they had a completely different version of Silent Hill book
of memories and ended up, I suppose, scrapping it and doing it what we have now. But, uh,
the, um, quote on there was saying is that they had, uh, two different perspectives for in the
game. This one would switch between an isometric and an over the shoulder. And they were looking
more at the combat and puzzle, uh, elements, um, to zoom out, but they said that the technology
just wasn't there to do it. So they switched how they did it. Um, but there is a video out
there of what the, uh, I'd say original concept of chain of memories was for anyone who's interested
in it, which for me, I love, um, I love looking at prototypes and the differences. I would still
love to find a playable, um, biohazard 1.5 just so that I could see for myself what the differences
were. But I love when they come out and say, well, this is what you almost got unless what
we almost got would have been better. You know what I mean? But I wouldn't have minded having a
good, um, solid Silent Hill game on my DS. Yeah. Book of memories got a lot of kind of hate though.
It wasn't it. See the thing with book of memories, like I didn't hate the game, but it wasn't
Silent Hill to me. It was very much not Silent Hill to me, which it was definitely like more of
like a spinoff type of game. I haven't wanted to play a Silent Hill game since homecoming.
I think honestly think that homecoming is the last, I'm not even going to say great Silent
Hill game. It's one of the last good faithful Silent Hill games to me. So. All right. Well,
let's travel around the world and check out release dates of games that will, you know,
actually be coming out. You know, it's pretty good that that Silent Hill game didn't come out because
if you remember correctly, uh, all the portable Silent Hill games haven't been very good. Like
you remember the PSP ones and stuff. It's just. I never really played the PSP one. I remember it
though. That was origins, right? Uh, I think, yeah, cause I'm confusing. There's that PSP one.
They ported it to PS2. Oh yeah. Okay. Um, anyways, this week, not a whole ton of stuff coming out.
It's more of like a, uh, catch up week, I guess. Um, so PlayStation three, Xbox 360, and Wii.
You've, I hope you like hunting because, uh, Cabela's African adventures, uh, will be coming
out this week. Also on, um, was it a PlayStation three as well? Uh, see here we had, I want to say
was it this guy? Yeah, this guy did too. No, actually that was last week. I'm sorry. Uh,
Cabela's are not Cabela's. So wipe out, create and crash on Wii U, 3DS, Wii, um, Xbox 360.
And of course the Xbox 360 one's a connect game. Also, what else was there this week?
Seriously? Not a lot of anything. Um,
it's not it. That can't be it. You all right. There's just not a lot of,
there's a lot of garbage coming out. Oh, here we go. You're just weeding through the garbage
right now through the garbage. Yeah. Cause, um, and last year, last few things this week,
a cradle of Egypt to, uh, for 3DS and girls fashioned shoot on 3DS. That's literally it.
Alrighty. All right. Uh, going to Japan and checking out what is coming out in Japan.
Yeah, I should, I should have called her and been like, Hey, I hate to interrupt your honeymoon and
God knows what's going on right now, but are there lines for another monster hunter? I know
I got to ask you what's on the shelves over there. We do have to get her and silent Nathan back on
the show though. Miss them. All right. Uh, coming out on October 17th, uh, on the PlayStation three
over in Japan beyond two souls is getting its release in Japan is the first print limited
edition, uh, as well as regular, uh, FIFA 14 world-class soccer and some various, uh,
additions, St. Seiya, brave soldiers and regular limited edition.
No way. They're doing a St. Seiya game? Brave soldiers. That's an old series.
So that's, uh, yeah, that's coming out on the PlayStation three, uh, coming out on the
Xbox 360 this week in Japan. Um, FIFA 14, cause you know, that game is huge and there's a like
Xbox live card kind of pack-ins to go with that. Uh, on the Vita this week, FIFA 14 is there as
well. I'm thinking the FIFA 14 is kind of a big release this week. Uh, but on the Wii U it's all
about Rayman legends, which sees this release in Japan this week on October the 17th. Uh,
lastly checking the 3DS here. Uh, actually not a lot of stuff this week, probably just cause
they're coming off the Pokemon high. There's still a lot of cases and accessories and things,
but there is one game coming out from Namco Bandai this week. And, uh, I'm going to butcher this name.
It is Sentotuchu Densetsu no Shinobi 2 Survival Battle. And all I have is a screenshot and the
little subtitle on it is battle for money. So it looks like kind of like a ninja fighting type of
game. It also says Fuji television. So what if this isn't based on some type of game show
in Japan, or maybe it's like a ninja, you know, like a ninja warrior type of,
they get all the cool shows, a ninja fighting game or a fighting show. Yeah. I just noticed
that there's a little copyright Fuji television. So it's gotta be based on some type of TV show.
So it looks kind of fun, but that's it for Japanese release dates. Uh, how about the UK
Darusaka? Uh, well, let's see, there's not a whole big pile of stuff coming out. We have on the 17th,
we have device six for, uh, IOS. We have pocket Titans also for IOS. And on the 18th,
we have alien rage. We have Skylanders swap force and Skyla, uh, actually two different
versions of a Skylanders swap force. Looks like the handheld, um, the 3DS,
Xbox three 60 Wii U Wii PlayStation three. And then they're separating their release for the
PlayStation four and the Xbox one. So that's it. Like I said, it was a little, yep. Not so small.
You know, everybody's just too busy playing Pokemon except for all of us here at OLR.
I I'll get in on that craze. I am not going to make poor Isabel make meth in the basement of
my town hall to keep my flowers pretty. I just got Lobo and I just got Peck and I got Margie.
I'm playing in my village. So you're not, you refuse to give up one addiction for another
bitch, please. But as I told you, you can't visit my town this week to get petition signatures
because my town went to Japan. My entire town got up and flew to Japan this week.
That's okay. And Lord knows how princess Irene is corrupting my villagers at this very moment.
It won't be the same. You want to know what's funny is that remember how butch
moved from my town to yours, but she's been hanging out in my shopping center.
So butch didn't want to go to Japan.
All right. It's like they're real people. Okay. A few more news stories for you guys.
Then the classic game of the week. But first, a very new game, right,
Loki? And that's the best part about it is they're not even people.
Yeah. Speaking of addictions, Grand Theft Auto five is officially broken. A bunch of records,
including the PlayStation Network record for the most downloaded title in history of the
PlayStation Network. And there's also some Guinness Book Records, which I don't know. So anyways,
let's see. Best selling action adventure video game in twenty four hours. Best selling video
game in twenty four hours. And they really narrow it down. Fastest entertainment property to gross
one billion dollars. Fastest video game to gross one billion dollars. Highest
grossing video game in twenty four hours. Highest revenue generated by an entertainment product in
twenty four hours. And the most viewed trailer for an action adventure video game. I don't know
if they really need trailer in there. I mean, that's just like.
Can they go to advertisement? Can they go too far with like, you know,
breaking down these records? I mean, this is all press release fodder. I mean, it is,
although I shouldn't belittle some of these accomplishments, because obviously Grand Theft
Auto, whether you like it or not or like it too much or not, it is a huge thing in the gaming
industry, huge. And, you know, these records do back that up that that what a practically
practically a cultural event these things are. I mean, when your video game gets parodied on
Saturday Night Live, whether that show is funny or not anymore, I mean, that is saying something.
And I don't know if you saw like the whole like angry mom sketch where she was talking
about Grand Theft Auto five on Weekend Update. But the twist was that, like,
she's not angry at the game. She's angry because she can't stop playing it.
So, you know, I actually remember way back the David Chappelle show where he did the Grand Theft
Auto parody. I do remember that switching like if your life was Grand Theft Auto.
Yeah, that was funny. That was pretty funny. I remember that. Good stuff.
Also, Grand Theft Auto Online, there's been some hiccups, but they almost have it all taken care
of and to kind of compensate players and maybe get people more interested in checking out online.
If you played any portion of the online in the month of October,
you get a half a million dollars in in-game money. Yeah, that's in-game money,
not an actual half million dollars. I wish that'd be awesome.
So some of the headlines I saw out there was GTA to give their players a half million dollars.
And then you click on the link and then the sub headline is in in-game cash.
Of course, you bastard. Click me, click me. Of course, you know, you have to play during the
month of October. You will have to also install the upcoming title update 1.04, which is going
to fix some other problems and causing vehicle purchase losses and stuff like that. And then
they're going to there's going to be two deposits of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
I'm not sure when those are going to be coming up. It's like right after each other or if it's
just, you know. Don't know how to do it, but that's cool. More money. Money's good.
Then, of course, you know, it's interesting. This sort of happened with Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas, except it wasn't necessarily that, you know, an artist was trying to sue the game
because their music was being used without their permission, but it's because they thought the
game was based off of their lifestyle. But anyways, there's an artist saying that he
wants his music taken out of the game, and that's Daz Dillinger. And he has a couple tracks in there
with, I guess, Corrupt under the group banner The Dog Pound. And so there's two tracks and
he's saying that he was offered four thousand or four thousand two hundred seventy one dollars for
his songs. But then I guess. Pass that offer up and I guess they use the music in in game,
and now he thinks that he's do more money. I think what happened is, is they tried to go to
the artist to license the track and end up going to the record label instead and licensing the
track. And now he's pissed off that he feels because they made a billion dollars that he
wants more money or something. Right. Right. Which it sounds like he needs to take up the
issue with his label, because the label's probably the one that sold the song out.
And if they paid for the studio and they paid him to make the song, they own it, whether,
you know. Unless there's something specifically in his contract about royalties. Which there could
be. Yeah. We don't know. But it's weird to me. Like, I realize that that's kind of like the
generally accepted like rationale of what Rockstar did and so forth. But what I don't get about it is
that like, why were those songs so damn important? Like, you know, when we're talking about how huge
this game is, I would think most artists would want to be in a game like this. Are those songs
like, are they necessary to the plot? No. Like the Kanye song in Saints Row 3, kind of like,
you can't do that scene without the song. It's really awesome. Exactly. You'd have to have
certain songs. But like, are those songs necessary? No, it's just on the radio. They don't really.
On the other thing too, is that he broke with those groups. Yeah. So the guy's actually not,
unless it has to be some sort of bitterness association, you know, oh, I fell out with them.
They owe me money. So there's, but I mean, there's probably tons of independent rap artists to get
featured in a Grand Theft Auto game that would like, they would pay Rockstar money to have that
opportunity. There's some good artists in there. In fact, like I started listening to some of the
other stations because I was just listening to the classic rock station and actually have been
listening to the pop station now, even though Britney's on there. And, uh, Britney Spears song
Grand Theft Auto. They have, uh, Gimme More. That is one of my favorites. I was listening to the
seventies station. That was hilarious. Um, but I was hoping they'd have Work Bitch. Cause I just,
you know, no, I saw, yeah, I saw that advertisement on YouTube the other day. I'm like,
what have you become Brittany? I mean, seriously, it's this whole reinvention of yourself. Call the
governor. Um, there is actually, there's some good songs like on Radio Mirror Park. They have,
um, it's all these independent guys, I guess. And they have a, um, a, uh, synth pop track that
actually I put in my car. And it was actually the one that was in the trailer, the latest,
the last trailer that they did for, um, yeah, for the game they had, uh, on there. And it was, uh,
sleepwalking by the chain gang of 1974. Great, great artists that I discovered through the game,
you know? And so, I don't know, that's what I like about this game. A perfect example of why
artists should be, you know, excited to be in a Grand Theft Auto game. And look, I'm not saying
that like, you know, like Rockstar has the right to just use whatever they want and artists should
just bend over and take it. But I'm just saying like, that's a good sign of like what the benefit
could be, especially for maybe an artist who isn't like AAA or what have you. Um,
and well, and this show was founded on DDR and I know I found so many artists through DDR,
especially the Ultra X Games. And if anything, if you happen to not be familiar with the slight
musical interlude that Eddie Murphy took part in, you get the wonderful track of Party All
the Time on there, which is fantastic. It's fantastic. So that's worth it right there.
I used Tim Curry's I Do The Rock last night at Rocky Horror and that was a pretty,
pretty cheesy fucking song too. But yeah, it's pretty awesome when movie celebrities
have singing careers. And some very exciting news. The guy that does the voice of Franklin,
Sean Fontenot, he is working on a project with the voice actor from San Andreas who did the voice of
CJ Young Marley. And basically this came up, I guess, at the New York Comic Con panel. And
they're asking him questions on it, but he dodged the questions and changed the subject. So
the thoughts maybe, you know, the thought at least I had from that is,
ooh, CJ's coming back to San Andreas. That's pretty exciting. Even though they said that
the whole universe that takes place before 4 doesn't really exist, I still think it's
really exciting that, you know, CJ may make a return even though he would be like, you know,
10 years older than actually, I don't know, since I think the game took place in the 90s in San
Andreas. I haven't really sat down to think about a Grand Theft Auto timeline. But yeah,
so very exciting. I hope that's some DLC coming because that would be pretty cool.
By the way, Dan showed me something in Grand Theft Auto that actually completely had me in
stitches. And that's the war vet that hangs out in front of that house by the fence,
who talks all the conspiracy theory stuff. I sat and listened to that for like 30 minutes.
It was freaking funny and sad and sad. So going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
there's some other chat about great celebrity crossover songs. Dungeon Buster says,
Don Johnson's heartbeat. Yes. Yeah, they totally like ripped from was it like the
one hit wonders countdown that they did on like VH1 a while back.
And then Bobby Black Wolf brought up this truly, truly classic song.
The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins by Leonard Nimoy.
This song is so fucking sad. Did you watch that commercial with him and Zachary Quinto?
Uh, I, I, that sounds familiar. I think they're in each in their own car trying to get to the,
the play golf. And while he's driving, he's singing the song.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's not forget. Shatner had a whole,
like at least two albums of him singing all of the hits.
All right. Um, I don't know how to transition from that to this, but I'm going to try anyway.
Some classic Square Enix properties, uh, going to smartphones and we start off with the news. I
mean, this is huge news. The Dragon Quest series, uh, all eight games or the first eight,
cause technically I think there's 10 of them now with the online one. Uh, there are the first
eight games going to be coming out for iOS and Android. Dragon Quest one will be out this year,
getting it all started. There's a teaser site out there saying that it will be coming out for iOS
and Android in Japan, at least in the winter. We don't know how much that will cost,
but if it's a Square Enix, you can count on a premium. Um, don't know which versions of the
game either. So, uh, yeah, there you go. Uh, a new Dragon Quest monsters game called Super Light is
also on the way to iOS and Android. Um, you know, a lot of people remember Dragon Quest here in
America. Of course we got it as Dragon Warrior, but a lot of people remember, uh, speaking of
magazines, which was kind of the theme of the show earlier. Uh, I remember the Nintendo power,
you got the Dragon Warrior guide with it, right? Or was that when you bought the game,
you got it with either the game or you got it with a magazine, probably both. I think it's
a magazine. Yeah. You got that Dragon Warrior guide. And so I know a lot of people like really
knew that game. So I think there'll be some people to kind of jump on it when it's re-released
for, um, iOS later this year. We'll see. But you know, all eight, that's pretty,
that's pretty crazy. I mean, Dragon Quest eight was a PlayStation two game.
It was really good too. It was one of my favorites in the whole series. Uh,
speaking of big Square Enix properties going to mobile, I don't know if you guys heard this,
um, Final Fantasy six confirmed it will be coming to iOS and Android this year.
And, uh, I seem to remember when Final Fantasy five came out earlier this year,
I remember thinking like, well, this is, this is testing the waters for this, uh,
Final Fantasy six will be the next big one. And sure enough here it is. So, um, they've said in
regards to Final Fantasy six, the battle systems have been altered for the other
mobile remakes and Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy six will be the same. Uh, so yeah,
I guess on the mobile devices, the battle systems have been adjusted. You won't have to do as much
grinding and fighting as much. You can just enjoy the game straight up. You won't be able to,
you won't have to do one, two step, Oh, random battle. Some, some people that's going to rub
some people the wrong way. I'm very curious to see how Sabin's moves transfer over. Like,
does that mean you're going to have to just kind of use your finger to draw the different patterns?
Cause he was the one, like you actually do quarter circle forward to have him do like
a big fireball and stuff. Remember that Final Fantasy six, like you actually did controller
movements to get him to do things where you select what it is. Yeah. I don't know. As I'm
very curious to see how some of that translates over. Um, and also, you know, there was a big
conversation on this going on on Twitter this week. You know, I talk a lot with like, you know,
spike from gamebuoy.org on Twitter throughout the week. And he's kind of not happy to hear
this news because Final Fantasy five, let's just say cut a few corners when it came to like art
assets, especially. And in my opinion, the game looks very outsourced in some places, you know,
the art assets aren't, you know, as good as they could be and so on. So there's a little bit of
concern out there that like, you know, this translation is probably not going to be very good
and it's definitely going to be just kind of a cash in. Um, I know this is one of my very
favorites in the entire series. Uh, dark soccer, what do you think about this Final Fantasy six
coming to iPhone and, uh, Android? I know you, uh, you like this game a lot. Yeah. I love the game,
but to be honest, I have the cartridge and I have the PlayStation version. So it's sort of like,
I don't need it. It's sometimes it's still fun to see your old games get remade though. I mean,
when they're good remakes, right? Like a lot of people, I haven't played it yet, but I'm hearing
Wind Waker. I'm hearing amazing things about that. You know, I'm actually getting more to the point
where the only thing that I play on my iPhone is freaking bejeweled or puzzle games. And if I'm
wanting to play a like, and this is quoting fingers, legit game, I'm going to play on my
three DS or I'm gonna play on my PC. So, well, speaking of three DS, uh, Alan alchemy in our
chat room says, I want a proper Final Fantasy five and Final Fantasy six DS or three DS remake.
God damn it. None of this iOS HD sprite crap. You know, I think that's where a lot of people
are at is because you know, the 3d remake of Final Fantasy four and three was, was pretty good. So
they, we were hoping to get the same treatment. I also, sorry, go ahead. Sorry. Okay, fine. I
use the power of my boobs to go first. Um, I agree with Agdeft, I and Honda, but I want like a full
HD version of I Honda and I want them to do a frequent sequel. Well, keep on wishing. I know,
I know, but I love that game. I would settle for like a Final Fantasy four version where they did
the after years or whatever, or Final Fantasy six. Oh, that is also coming as Final Fantasy
four. The after years is also coming to iOS and Android. That was, that was in one of those news
stories somewhere I would re I'd like Final Fantasy 60 after years or that would be really
cool to see like a, a sequel to one of the older Final Fantasy games in that way after years wasn't
terrible, but you know, I think the PSP was probably the best version of that, which so many
people never even saw it. Yeah. So, all right. Uh, let's move on. Uh, we did the classic game
of the week. I think we are. It's that time. We've just been talking about some classics like
dragon quest and final fantasy six and so forth. So dark soccer is going to dive into the gaming
vault and I think it's a non RPG she picked this week. This one may as well be for Bobby. Like you
were telling me offline earlier. Yeah. I actually asked dark soccer. I was like, were you picking
this to troll certain chatters of ours? And she's like, no. And I'm like, but you do realize dot,
dot, dot. And she's like, Oh yeah. It's like, Oh, Oh, all right. Well enough teasing. What is
the classic game of the week this week? The classic game of the week is marathon marathon
was the first person shooter done by bungee and it came out in 1994 for the Macintosh.
People who say that there's not games for the Mac. Look, there was a game,
one game. Congrats. You've got that crystal quest. I know. I know. Um, anyway, the, um,
the game was, um, bungee's second FPS game. The first was pathways into darkness. Um,
and the game basically was sort of, I wouldn't say biting on doom, but it was seen as, um,
the Mac counterpart to doom. So, um, and of course this game didn't get a, a PC version until 1995.
So marathon was very, uh, action oriented, uh, very similar to doom and how it played.
It had a multiplayer deathmatch mode. You could have up to eight players on separate machines,
um, on the same land. So it was basically like, we love you Mac players. Here you go.
And of course it also had sequels. It had marathon two and marathon infinity. Um, and then, um, in
1996 bungee completed super marathon, which was a marathon marathon two that was on the Bondi Pippin.
Um, so I'm not going to go into too much about the game itself because
the story on it is really freaking in depth. I mean, we're talking a super, super rich plot
and, you know, story twists and a lot of things that I think that sort of become a future nod to,
um, franchises like Halo, you know, where it's that sci-fi element. You're dealing with outer space.
You have, uh, AIs going on new issues with AIs and I'm not going to, uh, go too much into that.
But, um, the important thing that I think about, uh, this one is that the fact that number one,
yeah, it was on the Mac. I mean, you had very few games, I think, cause this was right when
the transition, it used to be that, you know, a lot of your, you need to have load runner and
all of your old, uh, Apple IIe games. And you had like the early Mac games, like all your Carmen
San Diego stuff and different ones. You didn't have like dedicated adult, I'd say adult themed
games. And this one I thought was supposed to be, uh, pretty, it was pretty big news at the time.
So it is in a semi 3d rendered world. Um, it's all, you know, texture mapped and dynamic lit
and everything. Um, it has an option called a free look where you can actually look around the
character and you can use your mouse to switch weapons. And, uh, it meant that you could look
down, you could, you know, move around, you could look around corners. Um, and the big thing that
it was, you know, it was level oriented. Let's kill enemies, avoid obstacles, the usual type of
FPS stuff. And then, um, to advance to your next level, you had to, uh, find a terminal that your
AI could teleport you from. So it had different objectives that you had to, um, participate in,
in the game, including your puzzles. Um, one level didn't have oxygen in it, so you had to complete
it before asphyxiating. And you had like motion sensors that you'd have to use different weapons.
Your weapons were, uh, you had to fist a pistol, assault rifle, rocket launcher, a flamethrower
that wouldn't kill everything, um, a fusion gun, and then you had, uh, this weird alien weapon.
So that's another thing that came up in Halo, you know, where you could pick up the alien's weapons.
Um, like I said, also you have a multiplayer version where it was a death match. We had up to
eight people, um, on a land game. And, uh, it was basically go around, beat each other up until one's
left. Um, Macworld gave, gave this, uh, game, um, the Game Hall of Fame award for best network game
of 1995. And, um, Bungie wanted to add more scenarios to it, but did not. They, um, were, uh,
it looks like they were trying to incorporate them into Marathon too. So, I mean, Marathon is
basically the big Mac enthusiast game. It started, I think, the realm of serious gaming on Mac.
You know, for everyone who says, yeah, Macs don't have games, this was, I think, the first attempt to
really reach out to that market. You know, it ended up being so popular that they did end up
putting it out on PC later on with a trilogy set. And they even, um, were supporting the Pippin,
like I said earlier. So, um, that, that YouTube ran out. So I'm going to switch to this, uh, from
the Xbox 360 remake here real quick. This is from Durin Dow. Well, at any rate, um, there were
concepts of the, um, AI working that were taken from Marathon that were, as I said, later incorporated
into the Halo series. And now there is also a version that came out in 2011 that is a port of
Marathon for the iPad that is, uh, it was released for free. So if you want this and you have an iPad,
you can definitely go play it. There's also, um, you can get the Aleph 1, um, engine. Um, it's at the
Marathon open source project. And, uh, there is a, a site called the Trilogy release that has, uh,
downloadable copies of Marathon and the M1A1. So you can go play it. All right. That's it then,
your classic end of the week Marathon. Whereas Bobby keeps yelling in chat, Halo Zero,
which I suppose is one way of looking at it. I mean, in a way without this, you wouldn't have
Halo. As I think a lot of the inspiration for Halo came to this. So, so Bobby, it's not necessarily
a troll on my part. It's, it's a, uh, I'd have to say a legitimate, uh, homage to your idea.
There you go. In other words, that that's, that's the, that's as much as you're gonna get.
That's as much bungee as you're getting from me.
There you go. You take what you get and you like it. All right.
You eat your peas.
All right. There it is. Your classic end of the week.
I better not catch you feeding it to the dog.
I just wanted to say though, when you were talking about like Macintosh games,
my mind does go to some stuff I was playing like way back in the black and white Macintosh days.
And, uh, I, I remember crystal quest was a huge one, which they, they did on three 60 later on
that we should do that as classic game of the week one week. Cause I love that game.
Uh, and then the other one that my good friend growing up, I had to search for this one. I
remember it. Dark castle was a great Macintosh game back in the day. If you've never checked
that out, just, just saying like, I know, I know what you're talking about is you're talking about
like, you know, a different era of Macintosh sorta, but you know, just right about when
PC really, really was picking up, you know, when the windows format, cause I think this was right
around the windows 95 era. So we're looking at the, the big jump from Mac to PC as far as, uh,
I'd say the everyday user. So Bobby black Wolf in our chat room says I approve of this classic game
of the week hearts and he is eating his piece. Good, good boy. All right. And you can have a
fudge pop when you're done. Dungeon Buster in chat, uh, says that, uh, reminds us you can play
the marathon trilogy on PCs for free. Thanks to bungee. It's at source dot bungee.org. So no
excuse for you to not check out this game of the week. And I'm going to see if it's actually still
free on iPad. Nice. All right. There you go. All right. We are definitely running long for this
first out of the show. So let's take a break guys. When we come back, we will have more orange
launch radio, rapid fire news, Google question of the week, your emails, phone calls, and plenty
more. When we come back with more of orange launch radio right after this. Welcome back everybody to
orange lounge radio episode number 523 already in progress here on October the 13th of 2013. Wow.
Halloween is sneaking up on us fast. I don't know if you guys have any plans. Uh, Loki is,
is Josh at about that age where you actually do stuff for Halloween or he still got another year
or two. Yeah. Usually just around the block. That's a lot of candy you can get for yourself
to eat, huh? Uh, you know, we give them a little bit of it, but yeah, even last year we ended up
throwing away most of it. Oh no. Well, it's just like garbage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, anyway,
uh, so during the break here, uh, he's going to be a firework. He's going to be a firework for
Halloween. So what do you want it to be? You want it to be a fireworks. So we're like, okay.
Becky convinced Julian to dress up as captain Kirk. Oh, that's amazing. He's going to be
new Kirk or old Kirk. New Kirk. Okay. He's going to be a little heartbreaker.
That is so funny. That's going to be adorable. Julian's what? Six, seven. Yeah. Last year he
was iron man. Oh my gosh. All right. Um, one of my friends is, uh, I don't know how much about this.
I should say on air, but one of my friends is having a party and the whole theme about it is,
uh, internet memes. So I have to figure out which one I'm going to do. And I'm pretty sure I know,
but I don't want to say on air cause I know this person listens to the show and I want them to be
surprised, but uh, yeah, I'm looking, I'm so looking forward to seeing the costumes that come
out of this. It'll be fun. It's going to be a lot of fun. And the, the, the people that this,
this party will attract are all very like people that will like be really into it. Like, you know,
so I'm excited about it. All right. Um, let's see. Uh, I wanted to say during the break there,
I actually went on to Kickstarter and put my money down for that a retro magazine. So, uh,
cause if I don't do it now, I'll forget. Cause I forgot for Mighty number nine. I never ended up
contributing to that. And I forgot for something else too. I was going to download or I was going
to contribute to recently. I think it was the, I think it was the, um, well, I think it's coming
up in rapid fire news. Is it, let me, let me peek real quick. Oh yeah. It is coming up. I'll tell
you in a minute here. Uh, but yeah, uh, so I wanted to tease everybody. I wanted to remember.
So I did the donation during the break here. So, uh, I hope it gets funded so I can get some
magazines. We get times. All right. Uh, let's just, I, I, I, I want him to hire me. You should
write a letter. You never know. So, all right. Um, I saw another podcaster on the list. Act
deaf. Do you know what? I don't think Rob could be courage wolf. Rob would make a good moon moon.
What? I don't know what mem you're referencing there. You haven't seen moon moon. It's this
derpy wolf picture. No, no, it's pretty funny. Just look up moon moon. All right. I will. I will.
All right. Uh, like scumbag Steve. Funny you mentioned that because I told, I told Alan,
that's what he should be. And he really took offense to that. And I'm, but I'm like, but,
but like you're tall and like, cause I don't know half of them, half the name,
name, the names of them out there. Um, but maybe like, was it that guy that's high or whatever
that comes to the real, you know, the. Epiphany guy. I forget what the Kiana Reeves, not the
Kiana Reeves guy. There's, there's one. It's like a guy at a concert or like a rave or something
like that. And he's just kind of standing there like high looking and I don't know.
You need to go to know your mem.com and find it on there. Well, the whole website about it.
That's the problem is I don't know what it's called. So it'd be kind of hard to look it up.
Whatever. It's, it's no big deal. All right. Uh, let's move on. Uh, rapid fire news. Uh,
talk about quickly what's going on in the gaming world. Loki. So the first piece of DLC for saints
row four comes out on October 22nd, North America, October 23rd in the UK. Um, and it's the answer
to the dominatrix DLC member eight dominatrix was going to be what saints row four was originally
their plan on doing this standalone expansion for saints for the third is going to have this,
um, it's basically an alternate storyline to what saints row four is. So includes an alternate
zen invasion storyline with the saints trapped in a virtual world run by an AI program known as the
dominatrix. And they have to survive, I guess, against a bunch of sex workers and gimps and stuff
in the game. So, um, only a game like saints row. Can you be, I guess it's going to have new
weapons, enemies, allies, and they said missions and a behind the scenes commentary, taking what
I learned from saints row, the third, and to all those that have saints row four, I caution you
wait until the reviews come out before you decide to buy this DLC, especially if you decide to buy
a season pass because the season passes for two pieces of DLC. Cause if it's anything that saints
row the third, those pieces of DLC were 30 minutes long and they were crap. You played them once
there's like four missions and you're done with them and you're just like, why the fuck did I
just spend money on that? So take the time to read the reviews on the DLC before you purchase it,
because that's what I'm going to do because I've gotten screwed multiple times by saints row the
third. So just a fair warning. And yes, it will be, I think $7 for the DLC. Yeah, $7. So cool.
If you want to get an Xbox 360 and haven't done so yet, there are going to be some
holiday bundles and then they are launching to believe today. And those holiday bundles are
going to net you not only game systems, but two free games with each one. So for example,
they have a 200 for $299, a 250 gigabyte system with halo four and tomb Raider,
a four gigabyte system with connect with connect sports season two and connect vendors. Well,
that's technically one free game because connect ventures comes with connect, just saying. And
then of course also a three 99 bundle for 250 gigabyte system with connect and forza horizon,
as well as connect sports season two. And actually, you know what? I don't even know
if that's season two and looking at the picture now. I think that might be the connect sports
season. I think it's both season one and season two. Let me see here real quick. I need to get
better picture of this. That's not season two. At least that's what it says on a major Nelson site,
but it doesn't look like the boxer does not look right. I think he's full of shit.
That's just me. Anyways, so yeah, that's going to be coming out. And so look forward to those.
Also, I guess that is season two. Now that I look at the picture. All right, whatever. Also,
Ubisoft has revealed the Assassin's Creed four season pass content. And unlike this time around,
we don't get an evil Washington. Instead, we get freedom cry, a nine mission single player
campaign starting or starting a new protagonist, Edward Kenway's first mate, let's say aid whale.
And he is an escaped slave. So that's going to be coming, I guess, 1999 for the season pass.
Cool. And they have a, an exclusive crack and ship pack. So you can, do you get to
yell release the cracker? Yes, you do. You get the ring. Yes. You get the yell that, you know,
that's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. What about the whole fact that the
Assassin's Creed DLC is not coming to Wii U. What do you think about that? That was like,
I don't really think anything about it because it doesn't seem like a lot of DLC comes to
Wii U. What is up with that? Because it's like, okay, because the third money to make it three
Assassin's Creed three had DLC for it. So I don't understand why it's not coming to
and like Mass Effect didn't have it and all these other games aren't doing it. And I'm just kind of
like, the only thing I can think of is that there's some must be some sort of funky
infrastructure that they have to put in there. Maybe they have to tweak some stuff. It's just
my, the tinfoil hat guy in me. And, you know, judge me all you want, but I am convinced that
there is something in Nintendo's online infrastructure that is not conducive to the
DLC thing like Sony and Microsoft. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's the cut that they take
or something, or maybe it's like, you know, well, I would think even if the cut wasn't that good,
it's still thinking you would want to do that. Maybe it's some sort of exclusive, I don't know,
I don't know what it is, but yeah, I know a lot of games come out for the Wii U and they don't
have DLC packed in there. I don't think it's the cut or anything, or it wouldn't be so appealing
to indie developers, though. Like, I almost wonder if it's something about the process.
But indie developers don't do DLC for their games, usually.
True, true. Alright, anyhow, so the tinfoil speculation continues all around the internet.
Meanwhile, a game that's coming out for the Xbox One that some people are looking forward to,
Killer Instinct. Killer Instinct will be doing their balance updates on the fly. In other words,
they're talking about, they're talking about doing the cloud. They're talking about their updating
immediately through the cloud, and all the variables that talk about how a character
behaves are going to exist in the cloud, and this is according to producer Torin Rettig,
talking to Game Informer. Without having to content update or patch the game at all,
we can just go in on the cloud and tweak these variables without the player having to know.
Our vision is for it all to be behind the scenes, so it won't require any official title update
download. Basically, the game checks for the latest version of the gameplay's parameters
and automatically updates if it's a new version. No download or confirmation dialogue necessary,
and the files themselves are so small, you'll never notice the difference. So what I'm hearing
is that it is patching. They're just really small files, so like they're patches, but they're not
like PlayStation patches that take like an hour, you know? That's fine if they're doing that,
and they did that even with like some Xbox games got around that where they could tweak stuff.
I remember one of the games we actually talked to people or talked to a developer at E3 about was
that Madballs Babbo Invasion game, remember that? And they were talking about how they could tweak
everything via, you know, just basically having the game be online, they can tweak all the
variables. I get the idea about tweaking things like in the cloud, so to speak, like a lot of MMOs
do this all the time. We call them hot fixes in World of Warcraft and so forth, but when I hear
like, well, it's tweaked in the cloud, but then there actually are small patches, but it's done
in the cloud. I'm like, you use that word cloud, and I don't think it means what you think it means.
You don't think you know what it means. I don't think it means what you think it means. Anyway.
Just call it the internet. It's the fucking internet. It's not a cloud. It's the internet.
The internet is infrastructure. It's not the cloud because then you get people making ridiculous
like comparisons to clouds. Like, oh, it's raining. It's stormy in the cloud.
All right. Here's the other Kickstarter I teased earlier that I forgot to back and the deadline
has passed. It's River City Ransom Underground. River City Ransom Underground did make its funding
this week. They raised 180,000 Canadian dollars and that will ensure that they will be able to
get the game onto the PC. So yeah, there it goes. So congratulations to them. Look forward to being
able to play the game. And lastly, here's the game I am very excited about on the 3DS. I am
more excited about this game than Pokemon. Sorry about it, but this is far more important than
Pokemon X and Y. I don't care if you're going to judge me for that because this is Zelda,
A Link Between Worlds. I am very excited about this. There was a new trailer shown this week
that actually shows that some of the ways that you have, or you have that link between worlds,
because obviously in the teaser logo, you have like the light Triforce and the dark Triforce.
Well, in this new teaser, you see Link literally slipping through cracks. Cause you know,
it's that whole thing where he can kind of put, press himself up against a wall like paper.
And he goes from high rule to low rule is the name of the other world. It seems like, get it
high, low, ah, her anyhow, whatever, uh, as long as the game's good, I don't care what they call
the world. Uh, so there it is. And uh, I guess there is a new villain in the game too, but I
kind of go, sure. There's a new villain. Sure. It's a new villain. It'll fucking be Ganon
somehow or something controlled by Ganon or whatever. But anyhow, the release date of the
game, November 22nd, man, that makes me want to bust out my link to the past cartridge, right?
I know just because I love, I love the last battle in that game. Yeah. I just love that
ending. That's like, I haven't played through that game in a very long time.
A little bit. So anyway, uh, dark soccer, what do you have? I don't know. And we're not even
talking about that in the chat room. We're talking about, uh, Strider, whatever Strider.
Yo, it's always about other topics than what we're actually talking about on here. Strider.
Okay. So, um, the Double Fine is going to be hosting the day of the devs on November 2nd.
Um, it is with the help of I am 8-bit. It is free to the public and it's an event that will let
the public basically meet the folks at Double Fine and, um, some other indie developers and
let them check out some of the Kickstarter, uh, games like, uh, Broken Age and another
untitled, uh, game. And so it's basically just hang out with us, play some games. We're cool
people. You like us. So hurry for Double Fine. And then, um, Ed Boon, who, um, developed Injustice
and he was our Mortal Kombat dude, he basically said on Twitter that he wanted to create a Mortal
Kombat versus Street Fighter, um, and that he's reached out to Capcom to see if they would be
interested, but they have not replied yet. I don't know that that would be something that
Capcom would go for. They would do it because, I mean, if they do it, they're the same route as
they did like with Injustice, well not Injustice, but like, Mortal Kombat versus DC where it's kind
of pussified where they just, you know, make it teen rated and not so violent, then they could
probably get away with it because I think the whole thing was, well, we don't want to have,
you know, these guys doing fatalities on, you know, Street Fighter characters or even I think
DC does the same thing. We don't want, we don't want Scorpion ripping the head off of Superman
because that's just not realistic. I still thought it was funny that they put in the original Joker
fatality later on, the full thing. Yeah. That was pretty cool. So, um, and then something that a
lot of people are excited for is that the Final Fantasy X and X-2 HD remasters are going to be
out in Japan in December. They will be out for a Vita and PS3 and the date for release is December
26th. So I'm hoping that we're going to get it soon after over here in the US.
Yay. Yay. There was much rejoicing. That's the only upcoming game that I had tentative for this year
that I still don't know what the date is. I keep asking too. Yeah. I would assume it'd have to be,
assuming they're localizing it around the same time as the current development,
then I would assume sometime in January, February. Alrighty. I, yeah, I really want,
I'm really looking forward to those games, but I'm okay if it takes until after the holidays to
finish it. Cause I still didn't even play through Kingdom Hearts. Final Fantasy XIV derailed all
my gaming stuff. Like I got to get back on board with the other stuff. Rob, you still have to play
XIV with me. Make me. No, I'm just kidding. Alan can run dungeons now too. So I'm trying to get
him up to speed and then maybe we can all do stuff. I'll make you a sandwich if you play.
Cool. I love sandwiches. But not right now. Alright. Let's get to the FUGL question of the
week you guys. Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You take those words and throw them together and you get FUGL. So it's time for the FUGL
question of the week. And that question is knowing the interview we had earlier tonight,
we kind of stuck with the theme here. And the question is, do you currently, or have you in
the past subscribed to any video game magazines? Which ones? Do you have a particularly favorite
issue? And, uh, yeah, so we got a lot of responses to this. I don't have time to read all these
answers. I'm very sorry. So I'm going to really encourage you to go to our Facebook community
at facebook.com slash orange launch radio and our Google Plus community to check out the answers.
I'm going to try to read some of these and I'm going to try to pick names I don't see
very often. Just, just to cycle through some different voices. I don't always see in chat
or other places. Um, so starting with gaming nerd on Facebook says I used to be a subscriber
to a number of magazines, including game pro EGM, Sega visions, game players, and game informer.
I forgot about Sega visions, but yeah, that was a cool magazine. Um, I still have all of the
issues collected in bins to take out and flip through whenever I feel a nostalgic rush. Um,
let's see. Unfolded Raptor says I subscribed to Nintendo power and electronic gaming monthly
and have kept every issue, but the story behind behind my favorite issue is interesting.
In October, 2004 issue 183 of EGM, they interviewed a girl by the name of Rachel Moore,
who is talking about horror games and wearing a Tony Hawk's underground shirt. About 2006,
I discovered orange on radio randomly and started listening to you on my PSP. This got my interest
started in gaming podcast. And eventually I wound up on all games.com, which is, you know,
where we were previously, uh, and listen to both OLR and all games interactive then moved to dead
pixel and spooky hour horror hour where Rachel Moore was a host. I didn't think much of it at
the time, and I didn't put it all together until I was looking back at my old gaming magazines and
had a holy shit moment because this girl I was listening to was way bigger than I thought. And
I knew her before, even if I didn't realize it now it's kept in a safe place. Then imagine my shock
when I heard OLR was moving to all games.com. It was amazing. And now we have VOG, but I love
how everything worked together and everything was so connected. Life can be funny sometimes.
That's very true. It's you never know where the people you might've seen in one place are going
to end up. That's just, that's just true anywhere, you know, in, in anything, any industry, not just
gaming. Um, Elliot B says I had a subscription to edge magazine for over a decade now, and it's
still very much worth reading. Always has interesting features and stunning design,
especially the gorgeous glossy covers. Though I sometimes miss the days when it was pretentious
enough to refer to itself in third person. Uh, Amanda R replies and says, I subscribed to
Nintendo power back in the day. It was really a great magazine. When Pokemon red and blue came
out in the States, they had little tear out comic book size guides in every issue, uh, were
incredibly helpful. And even before the game came out, they got us really hyped to play it. Yeah,
we brought up the dragon warrior one too. And that, you know, that final fantasy,
what else did they have? Those big strategy guides earthbound had a big one. You know,
those all really got people hyped for those games. Uh, this was before the internet was really a
thing and I'm not sure if there was a strategy guide out there. So the little guides were
gold. Uh, James A replies and says, I have subscribed to game informer and Nintendo power.
My favorite issue would have to be Nintendo power one 72 because they featured some envelope art
that I submitted. It was the happiest moment of my young life. And lastly, we'll read an answer
here from Veronica S who says, I used to subscribe to Nintendo power back in the game cube days,
but I got tired of reading it. So I unsubscribed. Now I subscribe to Nintendo force, the all new
spiritual successor to Nintendo power. Thank you guys for the answers. There were so many answers,
um, that I just, you know, we were running a little long tonight because of, uh, we had a
longer part eight and I than usual. So I don't have time to read all 20 plus responses on
Facebook and then Google. So, uh, please check out what our listeners had to say. A lot of love
for Nintendo power across the board. I noticed, which, um, you know, doesn't, doesn't surprise me
one bit. That's certainly one that's near and dear to my heart. You know, I got, I got in trouble
when I was in fourth grade over an issue of Nintendo power. Yeah. Cause I had it out in
class and I was showing friends. It was, it was the controversial issue, uh, with Simon's quest
on the cover. It was only like issue four or something, but you know, like parents were very
upset that there was like skulls and, and, and imagery on the cover of the magazine like this.
And I had one of the big guides for, um, Mario paint. Oh yeah. I remember that one. You had the,
it had the songs in it. You could put in the songs. They had a bunch of, uh, bitmap or,
you know, bitmap stuff for like all the different characters. And it was pretty cool for the record.
There was a magazine that I was super into that had a short run, but it was gorgeous in its
production value and their designers were freaking brilliant. Um, do you remember play?
Uh, I think I still see that magazine in places. Yeah. I know that. I don't know if it's,
I don't know if it's still in, well, not like new, but like collectors things, but, um,
they had gorgeous spreads. I mean, the design in that magazine was so top notch. That's really,
um, one of, uh, I've actually used examples from that magazine in some of my own layouts,
borrowed ideas from it because it was such a group and it was very well written on top of that.
Alrighty. Well, let's move on with some more news stories. Loki.
All right. Um, so let's talk a little bit about, um, a follow-up kind of what we talked about last
week with the whole Neo Geo X plug and play thing. Um, you remember we were talking that they were
basically ending their contract with Tomo and Tomo wouldn't be able to create these, um, Neo Geo X
portable systems and the dock and stuff that actually looks like the Neo Geo system and the
controller and all that. Well, Tomo denies that there was any sort of breach of contract at all.
And actually they're just going to continue selling the Neo Geo X anyways. And apparently there's
been some comments, I guess, from people that had other agreements with SNK previously saying that,
you know, they've retracted, I guess, um, or they they've tried to pull this kind of thing with
other companies with licensing, but it says they're licensed. They recently extended their
licensing agreement through, uh, 2016 and that they're going to basically keep, you know,
publishing that stuff or making those things until their contract runs up, despite what,
you know, SNK is saying, because I guess there would be a breach of contract. Um,
this is kind of interesting. And so they're saying that, you know,
basically they're still taking care of, I guess, all the warranties of, um, those systems as we're
continuing to sell Neo Geo X products, including Neo Geo X gold system, arcade sick, mega pack,
classic volumes, one through five, it says the license agreement, which allows Tomo to sell
and market these products remains in effect. So that's kind of interesting. So yeah, I like that.
They're not going out without a fight. This is pretty cool. Well, I mean, if they've got a
contract that they signed and then all of a sudden, you know, SNK saying, well, no,
we don't want to do that anymore. And unless they have like a legal out in that contract,
I don't see how they can just say, no, we're not going to off, you know, we're not going to,
you know, follow through that contract. Right. Right. I mean, come on. I don't know why they
would do that in the first place where they don't want the Neo Geo being out there. I don't know
what their plan is. All right. Guess we'll see how this plays out. Yeah. And maybe your chance
isn't up to get one of these systems after all. All right. Well, uh, anyhow, uh, dark soccer,
I know you like the Coleco vision. So I'm sure this news has you either very excited or very
scared. Um, there's going to be an iOS app that is going to, uh, invoke the Coleco vision through,
uh, you know, emulation and all that. Um, it, uh, was on Kickstarter, I guess at one point,
uh, Oh no, it is, is right now actually, uh, trying to seek. I thought that this was already
funded, but I guess not. They, they were doing this whole little countdown thing and I thought,
Oh, they're going to unveil the app. Well, I guess they unveiled the, um, Kickstarter, but,
uh, it's rant media games who did the original vet treks regeneration, which was, it's a pretty
good little app. If you played it, they're trying to get a quarter million dollars through
Kickstarter by November 8th to fund this iOS app. Uh, they're also targeting Android, PC,
Mac, and even possibly things like the Vita. I imagine that's like stretch goals or whatever.
Um, they're hoping to have a living room menu in the app and allow you to kind of swipe across the
stream to get games, check out the box art, check out the cartridge. The vet treks one is pretty
cool. If you haven't already played it, they do have the rights to 19 different games and sorry,
Casey Munchkin is not Munchkin is not one of them. Well, Casey Munchkin wasn't on the Cliccovision.
Wasn't, I thought that was the Cliccovision. That was the Magnavox Odyssey too. I don't know.
Son of a bitch. Like all the different, uh, all the games that they have lists on here.
I'm quite excited for actually now that I look at the list. Space Fury. I had an Atari 2600,
so all those other systems kind of blurred together for me. Space Fury is one of my favorite
Cliccovision games. Well, there are some pretty good ones that I even noticed here like Bump and
Jump. I remember that Jumpman and Jumpman Jr. certainly remember from the 64 Montezuma's Revenge.
Oh my God. That was a huge game. Uh, Zaxxon. What's the one you're looking at, Logie? Well,
I used to play a ton of Bump and Jump and actually a ton of Jumpman Jr. Frenzy, Space Fury and Zaxxon.
I think I've planned Pepper too. I think I've actually played most of these games except for
Antarctic adventure. I don't recognize that or destructive. There are two games that I would
want to be on that list and one of them would be Venture and the other one, um, would be, uh, Gorf.
I would, I would put money into it if they had Gorf. And I love, I love the little, like,
the boxing. They have a, you know, a bunch of different animated banners and stuff. And for
platforms, they have the, uh, Rocky IV game on there, which is awesome. They have a special
controller for it and everything. All right. So, um, they're looking for a quarter million
dollars on Kickstarter. They've got 5,000 after the first five days, which is supposed to be,
like, kind of like the biggest push. I don't know. I'm going to be just completely honest.
I think a quarter million is too much money for a project like this. And I understand they justify
it. And I, you know, I, it's not that I'm thinking like, oh, you know, they're not like, they're
asking for too much money and we don't really know where it's going. I get it. They got to get
the licensing and all this stuff. And that's where a bunch of it is, is going so that the whole
thing's legal and all that. But I just think at the end of the day, you're going to ask for a
quarter million dollars for an iOS app of a system that is so old. And I just, I don't think there's
going to be enough people that are interested. I'm sorry. Like, I know that sounds really cruel, but
especially when we were talking about a lot of retro love earlier, but that's, yeah, I don't
think they're going to hit it. If they do great, more power to them. And I would love to check out
the game when it comes out. Uh, but I don't know. It's a lot of money to try and get off Kickstarter.
What do you guys think? Do you think I'm right? Do you think I'm being cruel? I don't think that
they're going to hit it, but I wish they'd hit it if they had Gorf adventure. The, my thing though,
is seriously is how these games can, I mean, cause they have a num pad on that thing. And then
the joystick was really weird. So it'd be interesting to see how this is going to translate
over to the actual way to plane. And that's why every time I get excited about a retro game
collection on iPad, I walk away really disappointed because the touch controls just
suck. Now, ever since I got the, I cayed, that's improved things significantly. The vector X game
thing I think works pretty good. The I K right. And I K it's great with some of the other apps,
like the, uh, uh, ARCA got midway arcade or whatever it's called that's on there. Uh,
it works great, but the reality is I can't haul that thing like into bed when I'm about ready to
go to, you know, I lie down there for, you know, a few minutes before I go to bed and play something
on my iPad or something. Can't really do that with the I K and the touch controls just kind of
blow. So every time I get excited about one of these retro remakes, I actually play it. And then
I'm like, eh, I missed the real thing. So, all right. Anyhow, sorry to be Debbie downer, dark
soccer. What do you got? Uh, some stuff. Well, um, the God damn stupid iPad. I will get frustrated
by the touch controls too. You know what? I think this thing is touched in the head. So
THQ is suing EA and Zufa. Um, and what they are suing about this time is, um, is everybody's
fucking suing everybody. Um, they're suing about the, um, UFC game. Uh, basically EA was going to
be releasing the, um, EA sports UFC in 2014. And, um, because they gained the license for that in
June, 2012, which was six months before THQ did. And so, um, since basically THQ was bankrupt,
um, Zufa paid, uh, looks like, uh, 10 million for breaking the contract. Um,
and THQ says that, no, we were supposed to receive double that. So yeah, it's money. We want,
we're bankrupt. We need the money. We need to pay back our attorney fees, that type of thing. So
I think for what it was is I think that basically EA, uh, had insider information regarding THQ's
financial standing and they let the company, they let the, uh, other company know about that and
were able to negotiate a better deal because of that. And so they're off that insider information
was leaked out about, you know, THQ. It is kind of funny to see, you know, THQ suing
anybody because they've kind of dissolved anyways. Who is THQ anymore? It's kind of interesting.
One dude at a desk. I am THQ. It's more like their lawyer. I am Spartacus.
Get off my lawn and give me another $10 million. Yeah, seriously. It's whatever
lawyer now represents him. Seriously. So yeah. All right, let's move on. Loki. All right. Um,
so since we've been talking a little bit about crowdfunding, this is kind of interesting.
Square Enix has this new partnership with Indiegogo. It's called the collective.
And what it is is basically this Indiegogo curated page, um, that's going to allow people
to vote over the course of 28 days. And, um, they're on different like product, uh, project
pitches, including, um, rebooting an old franchise from Eidos. So, uh, I don't know. That sounds
interesting, I guess, but it's kind of weird though that we have to go to crowdfunding to
do that sort of thing, but whatever. Um, so basically, you know, you can pitch your ideas
to developers and if people like those ideas, they may run with it. You know, whenever I see
something like this, it's kind of like, yeah, we've run out of ideas. Why don't you guys give
us ideas and we'll make money off of them. Um, you know, and the way they pitch it, oh, well,
you can shape the development of the game and, and, you know, get these ideas out there and
we'll run with them and blah, blah, blah. And I'm assuming since it's, you know, partnered with
Indiegogo, does that mean we have to fund it too? You know, we're going to have to fund this game
that you're going to make money off of. It's a little weird. You're a big company and you, you,
you can't like, you just, you don't really have a say in it. You just, you're at the point where
like, yeah, as a big company, we're just not going to take any risks anymore. We're going to
let you take the risks for us. You know, um, that's kind of what it sounds like to me. Oh,
but so many pitches free. If you're actually interested in this whole thing,
collective.square-enix.com. So check it out. There might be some cool ideas there.
As long as they're not asking us to crowdfund all the bravest too, we'll be fine. Well, I think,
well, originally it was supposed to be Eidos games. I think, I don't think they mentioned
Square Enix stuff. Cause you know, one's like, Oh, Hey remake file. It's just a little, it's,
it's a little joke. Look, he little joke. That's all. All right. Uh, this, this has to be a joke
too, but I don't think it is. It was an interview that, uh, KJ and Afune, who we've been talking a
lot about on the show lately because of mighty number nine. Uh, he was, uh, talking about,
uh, in an interview with, uh, I guess I'm not sure where it was. Was it, was it Japanese magazine
or what? But, um, sorry, I can't properly credit this here, but, um, he was talking about, uh,
the Kickstarter success and that, uh, if, uh, Capcom were to make an offer about publishing
the game, he would go with Capcom and saying, quote, there is no reason not to publish with
Capcom. Uh, he also talked about possibly turning this into a mega man title. If Capcom possibly
wanted to go that way. Now he is more hesitant about this idea, but he didn't come out and
exactly say no to it, which the gaming media is like kind of leeching onto a bit too much, I
think. Uh, but whatever, uh, it says he and his crew really want this to be their thing. Um,
so I kind of think we're grabbing on a little too much about the quote that, you know, if,
if I want to make it a mega man game, I just, I really think that was a poor decision to even
let that thought go out there because like, seriously, like I crowdfunded all this stuff
just for this to come out and be another mega man game. I don't get me wrong. I like mega man,
but it's like, it's, it's weird. I just don't think that they could do this at this point
because how would they go about making this be a mega? I guess other than calling it mega man,
I mean, because they have to fill all these backer things as mighty number nine. It's going to be a
little weird if all of a sudden it's like, it's mega man. Like, you know, imagine if you had
crowdfunded like a racing game and all of a sudden, Hey, yeah, we're going to go ahead and
we got funding from somebody. Now it's a casino game. It's like, what? Oh, that doesn't make any
sense. Um, but I don't know. I mean, essentially maybe the joke is that it's so close to mega man,
you might as well just call it mega man, you know, and if Capcom paid them some money,
they'll just call it mega man. It'll be a mega game. Cause it's essentially mega man.
I think they're drawing straws. All right. Um, I'm going to pause recording here real
quick because unfortunately our stream is down at server room. Uh, so thank you, sir. I know.
Right. So, uh, we'll be right back here after a quick look for the podcast listeners. We'll be
right back after a quick little, uh, music note here. And, uh, we'll talk a little more
about this and some other news to register participation for this week's episode of orange
lounge radio at vog network.com. Use the passphrase expert. All right. And we're back
here at orange lounge radio. Unfortunately, some technical difficulties that were a little bit out
of our control. Uh, we'll, we'll be following up with our hosting provider this week and
figuring out why on two Sundays in a row, they have decided to reset the server or whatever
they're doing that is causing the show to drop out. And, uh, if they can't give us a good answer,
we will look into a different provider for a future broadcast. In the meantime,
let's get back where we left off. We've been talking about mighty number nine and the whole
mega man thing. And the, um, you know, the, the, the fact that it was kick-started and the only
other thing I want to get out with this is that, you know, I, I get why he says if Capcom makes
the best publishing deal, then that's the company they're going to go with. Like, that's just
business, right? I don't think they're going to be, but he would, I think, I think that was kind
of like interview bait. I think somebody baited him to say that for a headline, like, Oh,
mighty number nine is going to go through Capcom and it's going to be ironic. It probably won't.
It could, but I mean, the way Capcom has been going lately and the fact that they, you know,
kind of denied this guy, the mega man game he wants to make, do you think they're really
going to come back and make the best deal to publish it? Probably not. I think somebody else
will. And that'll be that. So, all right. Uh, anyhow, uh, let's move on to our mailbag every
week. You guys send us emails, mailbag at orange launch, radio.com. And we go through the mailbag
and try to read some of our favorite emails here. Live dark Sakura dive into that mailbag,
mailbag at orange launch, radio.com. And, uh, tell us what emails we have tonight.
We have a few. Um, I will start with the first one from the Nasty Canasta.
Hi, OLR. I'd like to give my impressions on a game that's soon to be re-released, um,
Deus Ex Human Revolution. I was sitting in my big ass PC backlog for nearly, no,
this was sitting in my big ass PC backlog for nearly two years when I finally got around to
playing it. I snuck a solid hundred hours into it within the span of a month. Um, this is going
into the story. I'm gonna skip forward because I don't want to spoil it for anyone who might play
it. So, a game with an engaging plot needs some kickass gameplay to back it up and Deus Ex delivers
for the most part. This, um, in this first person RPG you can be gung-ho by making use of the guns
to blast the shit out of people. Take a more merciful route by knocking out enemies, sneaking
and hacking your way through areas or a combination of all three. It is up to you to play however you
want, though you'll be making progressively harder choices as you get closer to the end.
For the record, I watched, um, Becky's husband play through a little bit of this. It was really
good. Now, I say the game delivers for the most part because there are some significant flaws.
First, the game's occasionally buggy with handling ragdolls, especially when they clip and get stuck
in floors. Icky. Second, while the game rewards XP for various actions you do, you are awarded the
most points for playing pacifist with stealth. Although you can play however you want, the XP
rewards are pretty much big neon signs saying, want this augmentation? Do melee takedowns, bro!
Even though one of the game's achievements requires to not kill anyone in your entire
playthrough. Finally, the boss fights stand out like a sore thumb. They force the player into
lethal combat, which puts pacifist players at a major disadvantage given their play style and the
items they'll be carrying in their inventory. Despite these problems, I highly encourage
everyone to try it out, especially if you have a PC or got the game through PlayStation Plus.
The re-release fixes boss fights for pacifist players. I need to get back to the screen.
Has touchscreen players for all platforms, Wii U, GamePad, Smart Glass, PS3, Vita, CrossControl,
and TBA for PC, and bundles of DLC content. And before I forget, the game looks absolutely
gorgeous and the soundtrack is fantastic. And that comes from the Nasty Canasta.
I've heard many, many good things about that game. Speaking of which, it will be coming out again.
They're doing a director's cut that's coming out in the 22nd North America and for the first time
on the Wii U as well. So that'll be on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 for about 30 bucks. And Wii U,
which this is a great selling point, the Wii U version is actually $20 more.
So next email. Yes.
Hey guys, Monty Boggs here. Just thought I would email in and share my thoughts on the 2DS.
I bought one last afternoon along with Pokemon Y naturally, and I am completely surprised by
how much I enjoyed this handheld system. I was negative on the system at the original
announcement, but with the low price, I thought I would give it a shot. It fits pretty good in
my bigger, it should be pretty well in my bigger hands. It's a minimalist design.
It's minimalist design features and price are all I'm looking for in a system to play on the
couch at home or throw my laptop back on the go. I think anyone wanting to get access to the 3DS
library and doesn't care about 3D should at least consider a 2DS as I personally think it is the
best feeling portable in some time. Also the $70 cheaper price more than makes up for the smaller
screen than the XL. On a side note, I'm already six hours into Pokemon and I'm not the type of
gamer that typically plays that much at a time. I haven't played a Pokemon game since the GBA,
so I'm not exactly the typical Pokemon fanatic either. So while lots of people are talking
next gen, I'm going to be perfectly happy with my new Wii U and 2DS combo for the foreseeable future.
I can't wait for Super Mario 3D World and the new Legend of Zelda for 3DS.
Love the show. Take care. Monty Boggs.
I'm glad that you're enjoying it. It sounds like he is quite enjoy.
Quite enjoy. Quite enjoy.
All right, we have two emails left. One of them is long. Kinda long.
Hello, OLR gang. This is my first time giving my voice to the show,
being on the East Coast and having to be up Monday at 5 30 AM. I'm not able to listen to
your show live. I do, however, listen to every episode while I'm at work every Monday morning.
Well, I'm glad you do. Thank you.
I am a 34 year old gamer who started gaming fairly late compared to you guys. My first
console was the original NES. And let me go back to the stupid chat room before it logs out.
Okay. My parents were not a fan of me spending time on gaming and not interacting with people,
so I never got another console until I was older and able to purchase my own.
So to make a life story short, I've only played NES, PS2, original Wii and Xbox 360.
I do, however, find that I'm mostly a PC gamer. I started in PC gaming, I guess you could say,
on my appearance of 486 DX 66 and Commander Keen, although I didn't really get into gaming until my
first MMO, Dark Ages of Camelot. I was so addicted to that game, I would play until 2 or 3 AM and
then wake up at 6 30 the next morning for school. Those were the days when I would do that and not
feel like crap the next morning. Since DAOC, I have jumped around from MMO to MMO. I've played
WoW, Star Wars Galaxy, Star Wars The Old Republic, Champions Online, Guild Wars 2, Neverwinter,
just to name a few. I'm sure there are more that I'm forgetting about. Currently I decided to see
what all the hype about Mass Effect was all about, so I purchased the trilogy during the summer
months when it was on sale. I've played through all of Mass Effect 1 and 2 and I'm currently
working on 3. I do have to say I've enjoyed the storyline, but there are some things that annoy
me about the games like in Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3, not being able to open the journal
without hitting escape and then clicking the journal menu item. Why couldn't they make a key
bind for the stuff like that? By the way, I think that some of the menu differences in that were
just with the differences of the Unreal Engine. I do believe, because you'll notice also their
texture rendering was different. A lot of the menu systems are different.
Also, I think if you are playing on PC, you can create a bind to load your journal, but you have
to mod your coalesced INI to put that in there. If you go to my tumblr, masseffecting.tumblr.com,
I will see if I can find the answer to that and show you how to make the key bind. I even share
my own coalesced INI with you. Just saying, because I am totally into modding my games.
Anyways, enough about Mass Effect, enough about me. I thought I was about to say Mass Effect,
but it's actually me. My question for you guys to ponder, with Valve's latest announcements about
the Steam Machine and SteamOS, do you think this could have game makers to start considering PC
gaming as a viable competitor in the console war? With a 5 year old daughter, I have had to focus
my gaming on PC. With a second child on the way in June, I've had to put my plans to purchase the
next gen in the new year on the back burner. By the way, congratulations. Indeed. I do, however,
have a fairly powerful i5 dual core with 60GB of RAM PC that I thought could handle most of the
games that will be coming out. I'm hoping my thoughts on the Steam Machines and SteamOS
bringing PC gaming into direct competition with consoles is true, so more games will come out for
PC, and the ones that do come out will come out around the same times as console, unlike GTA 5.
I think it's still too early to call that. I think that right now PC is going to continue to be
treated the same way, but if whatever the Steam Box ends up being does give more accessibility
to those PC games, then they might think about it. But right now, I can tell you just about
anything, when you have a business market, people are slow to try something new. Unless they are
desperate. Just saying. Sorry, can you summarize for me, because I was firing off an angry email
to our service provider about what's going on. If you think the oncoming Steam Box and SteamOS
will cause PC gaming to be more of a competitor to the console market. Nah. I don't think so.
I think it's so early to say, because the price is a huge motivator in that regard.
I don't know. The Steam Machine is trying to take things closer to a dedicated game processor
and device, but it's not really one. It's more dedicated than maybe a Windows machine is, but
it's not solely dedicated like a Playstation or an Xbox is. So I'm not sure that certain things that
you do on a gaming console will necessarily be possible on one of these devices. I don't know.
I sort of just think there's still room for the consoles. I think there's some potential there,
but what my point was is that a lot of times when you're dealing with the consumer market,
people are slow to switch up what works. They don't want to make the big risk unless they're
completely desperate. Anyway, thanks for the great shows. I love listening to the many shows on VOG,
including Bobby Show, OLR, and Hoard House. The shows help to make my work week a lot more
interesting. And have a great one, Cyber Judge. Thank you for emailing us. Thank you. It's always,
um, I like hearing from the veterans and the people that talk to us frequently,
but I like hearing from new people too. I really like hearing from new people.
Although I love all of you guys. Hey guys! Hey! So I've been trying to get into gaming,
but even though I have a dual box Mac Pro, Macbook Pro, I still wonder what game I should
play since I am, like, broke as a joke. I mean, I know Final Fantasy XIV is out, but I cannot afford
it. I enjoyed it during the open beta, but a connection etc issue kept me from really enjoying
it. I wish I could afford it while I'm looking for a job, but it's going to be a little hard for me
too. What do you guys think that it's, do you guys think that it's one of those games that will last
for a while, like Eleven did? Is there any Mac or PC games you think I should try in your opinion?
That's free. Thank you for answering me. If so, you're a listener of many years uni.
Um, well, if your computer is solid enough to run Final Fantasy XIV at all during the beta,
then there's a lot of free to play stuff out there that you can check out. And some of those are,
you know, MMO type things. I mean, you've got Star Wars, the older, well, I don't know how many of
these are on Mac. That's the problem. Ragnarok Online, I think, might, or Ragnarok 2 anyway.
But I used to play the old school Ragnarok Online through free servers on a Mac using an emulator.
I have to admit, I don't know which of these are playable on Mac, but I will tell you Star Wars,
The Old Republic, Rift, both free, both very solid MMOs to check out. I would highly recommend
getting Steam and checking out the free to play game section on there because there's an awful
lot in there. Uh, more MMOs, even things like Star Trek Online, uh, Marvel Heroes is a pretty
fun to play one. If you like Diablo at all, and you like your comic book people, that's free to
play as well. Um, even things that are like up a totally different alley, like Spiral Knights,
Sega is there, you know, there's, there's more and more free to play stuff on Steam that's worth
checking out and Steam's gonna make it very clear what's on Mac and what's not. And you can also,
if it's still going on the Not On Steam sale, because I do believe there were some Mac titles
included in that. Right. They weren't free, but they're low, low, low cost. Yeah. Pretty cheap.
Yeah. Don't be afraid to play stuff that's maybe under the radar because there's some great indie
games and things that, you know, not, maybe not everybody's necessarily into right at this moment
that are still worth checking out. I also do suggest installing, what is it called for, um,
not Flash, but it's a game engine that runs through, um, browsers that, uh, the Disney games,
like the Wreck-It Ralph games used. Yuni's actually in our chat right now saying that
she has dual boxed Windows 7 and Mac Mountain Lion. Oh, well then you're good for a lot of
these games you're talking. If you want MMOs, I would say check out the Old Republic if you
even remotely like BioWare games or Star Wars. And I don't think you necessarily even have to
like Star Wars to enjoy the Old Republic. I still think it's pretty good game on its own.
And Rift for sure. If you liked Warcraft and that you'd probably like Rift. And someone might gift
you Mass Effect when it goes for sale again. Someone. Somebody super nice. Yeah. There's
some really nice persons sitting at this table right now. Uh, Dungeon Buster in our chat room
at live.fognetwork.com says Neverwinter is a pretty decent free to play Dungeons & Dragons MMO.
Yes, I've heard of that one too. It's Unity. That's, that's what I thought it was, but I
didn't quite want to call it. I'd be wrong. So is that it for emails? Yup. There you go.
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com if you have a question for a future week.
All right. Uh, let's do the FUs of the week folks. Cause we're mad.
FU to my stepdad. And to put this in the most general of terms.
Just because somebody else doesn't believe something that you, that you do, or doesn't
agree with you does not mean that they're closed minded. For all you know, they could have done
their research and found that it's not for them. Using inflammatory statements to try to guilt
trip somebody into changing their opinion or into evoking an emotional response that makes
you look like you're staying calm is no way to have a discussion. It's immature and it is beneath
you and I am done. What you showed me was pretty tacky. That's really the best word I can think
of for it. Tacky. Loki. Uh, FU to
Grand Theft Auto 5. Cause that's all I'm playing. I don't know. It's become your life. FU to the
fact that I don't have a voice today. FU to stress, making me sick when I eat and FU to
the fact that our show cut out while we're trying to do it. I hate that. Especially when
it's out of our control. Rawr. Definitely a suitable FU of the week. All right. A couple
more stories for you guys. Then we'll open up the Skypline for a little bit and try to do some
Twitter topics as well too. I'm going to, I'm going to warn you guys with this. If you want
to get in on the Skypline tonight, you need to call like as soon as we open it up. Cause I can't,
we're not going to be able to sit around tonight and wait for seven minutes going,
is somebody going to call? Somebody going to call? So either you want to participate or you
don't tonight. Rawr. You have a 10 second window. All right. You better be on it. But after two
stories. So Loki, you first. So despite some sort of a delay in the whole purchasing process,
thanks to the Delaware Supreme Court, um, the ruling has, um, made, made in favor of
Activision and yes, they will be allowed to buy the, um, I guess $8.2 billion of their own shares
from Vivendi. Um, and just a few days here on October 15th. So they will once they will become
their own company again, I guess, or more of their own company. So I remember hearing about this
before a little bit. So the news here is that it's been approved basically. So, because there was
concern, was it wasn't, it was a shareholder. It was one of the shareholders that was
seeing that they were doing this to somehow, I don't know, somehow screw them out of money
or something. I don't know how it was. Um, but yeah, it basically got over overturned, so
they can do it. All right. Uh, well, you know what? All the changes I've seen in World of
Warcraft ever since this split have been for the better. So, and Diablo three, hello,
auction house going away. That's great news. That's going to bring a whole group of new people into
the game. So we'll see. Meanwhile, Hey, we, you owners, I know you have been waiting for
that killer game that will finally just make this thing fucking fly off of shelves. And, uh, you
know, it might be, it might be, you know, Mario 3d world two or whatever it could be. It could be
a Mario Kart eight or what have you, but you know what I think it's going to be. I think that killer
must have app for the Wii U is going to be Hello Kitty cruisers, which is coming to the Wii U this
year beating Mario Kart eight to the party. And, uh, that's Hello Kitty cruisers by the way,
with a K and all I know is from this screenshot, you can play as bad bats Maru. I mean,
do you, do you fucking need anything else in a Hello Kitty game? Well, you can totally get a
jacked version of rainbow road from the Mario Kart games with little Hello Kitty space planets.
I don't know what else to call these things from the back room. I wonder if you can play
as little twin stars. Who knows anything's possible. Um, so there are some screenshots
available and, uh, yeah, you can check that out, uh, coming later this year. I don't know how much
and I don't know exactly what day, but, uh, it's Hello Kitty. Oh, it's November 5th. And how much?
I think it's $40. If I remember correctly, the countdown is on and it's a slight budget title.
It's not a $60 game. It's $40. It's, uh, yeah, it's this company in Burgos or Burgosala lightweight
or something like that. And they, uh, mainly just do Hello Kitty games. They just released
one actually on the 3DS last week or week before last. I am excited as hell. What can I say?
So yeah, it's, um, I don't know. And I did mention it back in June, by the way,
remember on, on Twitter, I'd mentioned there was a game of show and I forgot. I forgot. You know
what, if I'm not seeing news on it every five seconds, it tends to, uh, go away from my memory,
you know, as, as, as a lot of people and as a lot of folks in gaming culture, we tend to forget
these things, right? Yes. Remember, remember when, uh, Sony went down for an entire day and,
and everybody said, I'll never buy another Sony product again. And then they unveiled
the PlayStation four and everybody was like, Oh, nevermind. I'm just kidding. Yeah. Yeah.
Sony went down for a long time. Remember that. Remember when they had a problem with their clocks
and it comes? All right. Anyhow, uh, let's do it. Let's get to some phone calls. One eight seven
seven game OLR or a username on Skype is orange lounge radio, but we already have a call coming
in. So let's get to it. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Yo guys, it's Zina
core from OKC. How you doing? Hey Zina core. Good to hear from you as always. How are you? We're
good. It's good to know. I know about the right time for the delay in the radio to pick up. So
you've got this down to a science. You beat Rama tonight. That's something. Oh, cool. I'll put,
I'll put that on my list. All right. Give yourself a gold star. All right. What's up?
What's in your mind, buddy? Uh, the, uh, the web game for the fan made attack on Titan game. That
thing is actually pretty damn polished. I was surprised. Hmm. What is it? Have you guys not
seen it yet? No, I haven't. Tell us a little more about this. I haven't been into the anime at all.
So I've been pretty much ignoring it on Tumblr. Now that some guy used the unity engine to make
a fan, uh, inspired version of defending humanity against the Titans and it's pretty damn good. It
plays really well. It almost feels like Spiderman as far as the swinging mechanic is down. It's
really intuitive after a couple of matches and it's just as deadly as the real game is. So
yeah, I highly encourage everybody to play it. There you go. How much is that? Is that a free
one? Oh yeah, it's free. It's got just making it and threw it up on the interwebs just because
he loves the, uh, loves the game. I just threw the link up there in chat if anybody wants to
check it out. Nice. It's fangly.com slash game slash AOG. So, well, there's something for the
email or a little bit ago who is looking for some free games to play. There you go.
Yeah, there you go. What else have you been playing lately? Uh, that and some war thunder
online just to get my, uh, air to air combat jeans taken care of. Yeah, that's done, that's
done pretty well. They're getting ready to release the tanks too. Apparently they're trying to do
both land, sea and air battles all in one, a massive arena game, uh, all of world war two.
So it's quite extensive. It's really good. Uh, you fan pretty regularly these, uh, air fighting
games, like Ace Combat stuff? Every once in a while. I mean, they just now started popping up
in the, I guess since League of Legends took over, everybody's doing their own version of
massive online battle arena. Oh, I didn't even realize they kind of did that in, uh,
like airplane form. Yeah. I mean, you just spawn in everybody, depending on what army you're with,
you pick a side, you fight it out and sooner or later somebody wins the battle and that's it.
That's kind of cool. Gosh, I don't remember the last time I like seriously played like a
airplane combat game like that. It was probably top gun on the NES. And, uh, you go into that
intense rage when you can't refuel your damn plane. Oh yeah, most definitely. And, uh, since
this one's free on steam, it's bound to be picking up tons of people, especially with this next
experience when they add tanks, they just teased it over in, uh, in one of the Russian cons. So
it looked quite good. I'm all about free steam is really developing a nice little free library on
there. It's pretty cool. So that's going to be the neat thing when they get that steam machine
out there, it's going to be huge marketing thing for them is that, Hey, all you have to do is buy
the system and you can get all these games for free because they're all free. So it's a great
way to market stuff. So, yeah. So that's what I've been up to, man. Y'all take it easy. Excellent
All right. It's awesome to hear from you as always take care. All right. Bye. I like hearing
fans of games, especially when they're free, come on the show and then plug them like, Hey,
is this off your radar? Cause maybe it should like be on your radar if it's something you're
interested in. So appreciate that. Let's open up the phone one more time. You can call us at
1 8 7 7 game O L R or you can contact us on Skype, orange lounge radio, all one word. Uh,
while we wait for another call to come in, I've got a couple tweets to read about. Oh no,
they're there. Phone lines already lighten up near mine, but I will get to tweets and last
minute stories here in a minute. First, let me go to the phones. Hi on orange on radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron. Hey buddy. You got beat tonight. Well, that's because I'm still dealing with stuff
from New York comic con. So excuses, excuses. All right. Well, tell us about the con already. How
was it? It was pretty good. I have to admit for a Saturday, it wasn't as crowded as I thought it
was really. Yeah. Is that because everybody was so pissed off that their Twitters were tweeting
things that they weren't intending on saying about the show. I just, I heard about this. No,
I want you to know that when you register your badge, you can opt out of that. And we all know
not everybody reads the fine print. You fill out the form, you spin down to the end that you
accept and you acknowledge, add this, add that done. Did you guys hear about this? What happened?
Like, yeah, the people that were registering and, and for whatever, for New York comic con,
I don't know why, but they were tying their Twitter accounts or something to the registration.
And like when they, when the smartphones picked up that these guys were at the convention,
it would automatically tweet, I'm having a great time in New York comic con. And people were like,
pissed that this thing was tweeting for stupid. They shut it down and like,
they shut it down in like 12 hours. That's that intrusive advertising we were talking about
earlier. Not smart. So anyway, sorry. Now that we got the little dark cloud around comic con out
of the way, tell us more about the good stuff. Not to mention the other dark cloud around comic con.
Oh, I didn't hear about other stuff. Was there more shenanigans I didn't hear about?
Listen, listen to my podcast. We're going to talk about that in depth because I have a personal
interest in that. Oh my. All right. I guess I've missed the news. Being busy with my show
yesterday probably made me miss that. If you read my Tumblr, you would have seen it.
Well, I have not read your Tumblr, Jamie, because I've been busy. But anyway, sorry if your Tumblr
isn't the first place I go on the internet for all the news, DarkSakura. All right. But for real,
tell us, tell us some good news out of New York comic con for heaven's sake.
Um, the re-release of Ron Mo and F on Blu-ray. Oh, that sounds nice. Yes.
Um, I was asked to be a part of, um, a retrospective that Viz is putting out and
we got to see some screenshots between a DVD and a Blu-ray. It looks beautiful. And,
and for Ookchan's sake, they're re-subbing the episodes. Ooh, happy. Yes. Yes. I hope they're
more accurate. Yes. You're going to shed a tear when you watch this. Yay. I need this then. This
has to be a part of my life. So were they actually showing this at comic con, the new Blu-ray?
They, yeah, they actually showed it on, I think Thursday or Friday, because I only had a one day
badge and I was talking about how much they saw it and I'm like, I hate you guys. Nice. And you
know, your name is DJ Rama S. So you, you have a slight passing interest in, in things related to
this series, right? Yeah, pretty much. I was, I think one of the reasons why it wasn't as crowded
Saturday is because in order for you to get into the con, you had to cut through the, you had to
check in. The check-in areas were outside in the parking lot areas in front of the convention
center. Cause when I walked in, when I walked in, they had, they finally incorporated the
Q room type setup for everybody to go into. And from that, it just kind of flowed like water.
What is the secret to not getting a backed up as hell line at your convention? You've
been to enough conventions. I think that would be it, the Q line, because when it comes to cons,
people will say, they will stay on the site, pre-regs at this time, people will show up
one to two hours prior just to get their badge, especially for Otakon. Because during the summer
in Baltimore, the temperature tends to hit triple digits. And I have seen people out there for three
and four hours at a time and pretty much in full costumes. It's the same way at AX.
That's why there's actually this, why this sort of thing started for a little bit of
your registration line costume. No, for real, it's a variation of a costume or a character
that you're doing that is more comfortable to wear in line, but still is, you know,
acceptable to wear out in the triple digits. Yeah, pretty much. Between you and me, I'd rather
get to the hotel, relax for a few hours, then head on over, pick up my badge and then go meet
up with friends to eat. I'd rather do that. I like when AX started doing day before pre-reg
to pick, where you could pick up your badges the day before the convention
for everyone who pre-registered, registered so that the lines were left for regular registration.
Yeah, well, but what things was happening now is even if you pre-reg and you pick up the day
before, you think that would help? No, you still have people who show up the day of and usually
out there at five o'clock in the morning just to get a badge. Meanwhile, doors don't open till
nine. Word of advice, don't wear combat boots that are not adjusted to your feet
in line for registration or masquerade. Just saying.
There is a meme I wrote about that I have to post on your wall. You'll appreciate it.
Just remind me to tell you sometime about the days of my Jill Valentine costume.
Will do. Playing DDR in combat boots is not fun.
Sorry. I beat that dress as Ranma. Those sandals, I will never do it again.
Sorry, I got really quiet there, but I took a moment to go visit the news source that I should
have been watching this whole time, Jamie's Tumblr, to read about what happened in New York
Comic-Con. My eyes just rolled so far in the back of my head, I can see my brain. I'm infuriated by
it. It's just like, I can't. I can't. That's all I can say. I can't believe. I still see how people
can think that doing something like that is okay. Here's the thing is that somebody in a room
said, and just if you guys don't know, this cosplayer, again, I'm totally reeling.
We're gonna leave the bulk of the story for Ranma.
Yes, we will. This cosplayer that was at the convention was basically sexually harassed
by this television crew that was trying to film her boobs and things like this. Just really stupid
shit. But the thing that gets me is that I'm like, somebody sat in a room and said, this is a good
idea. And for the record, this is why we still need feminism.
This is why we need common sense.
And Rob, multiple reports came up about that group right after this popped up.
And now they're playing chicken saying, well, we're not ever going to go back again.
They shouldn't exist.
That's a little, all right. I will keep my mouth shut and let you have the say,
Tuesday's on my jam session.
I would love to rant if I didn't have school on Tuesday. I would love to call in and rant.
You might need to do a pre-taped segment or something.
You are more than welcome to write up an article for my site if you'd like.
We'll see.
All right.
But let's get back on track here and I'll make this part brief and I'll get out of here.
Because one thing I have noticed on Saturday, outside of Nintendo,
no one really cared about gaming at Comic-Con.
How so? Like people just weren't lining up for it or news wasn't really coming out about it or?
Nobody was really lining up.
Capcom had a booth where they had six Strider, uh, displays, uh, DuckTales remastered,
Monster Hunter, Phoenix Wright.
Evidently there was still more people lining up to play, uh, DuckTales than it was for Strider.
Oh, that's, that's, oh my gosh.
That's, I, I, uh, again, I'm just, uh, I mean, that doesn't make me sad in the same way.
The other thing made me sad, but it's just like, I just, I, I weep that, uh, Strider,
no one cares. I, I really hope the sales don't reflect that.
I, I doubt it, but also everybody was going nuts at the Ubisoft, uh, display because,
um, they had Just Dance 2014 out.
Oh boy.
And I just noticed like while I was recording footage of people dancing, they had some,
I think a pinball, PC pinball gaming contest going on.
This girl won and walked away with a high-end Nvidia PC, and I thought that was pretty cool.
Nice. I think it's pretty cool. There's an ABBA song in Just Dance 2014, just saying.
All right, Rama, we got to let you go as we can wrap up the show, but, uh, tune into anime jam
session Tuesday at 6 30 Pacific, 9 30 Eastern right after Electric Sisterhood here in VOG.
Got that right.
All right. Take care, buddy.
All right. You too.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
Sadly, I am going to close up the Skype line so, uh, we can, uh, finish up the show.
I'm so sorry to those that didn't get through.
Uh, you can always email us mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com,
but I still have a few tweets to get through.
And I don't know if Loki has any last minute stories, but we'll give him a chance to.
All right, then let's get to the Twitters as soon as I can bring it up.
All right.
So Bobby linked us to this article that, uh, says because we all love lists and it was
literally a list of Game of Thrones characters as video game consoles.
Now I don't watch Game of Thrones, so I kind of looked at the list going.
It doesn't make sense to me.
Um, but it just seems like the type of thing that they're intentionally baiting people
to share on Facebook.
Um, which is kind of what some of the internet's turned into and some of what Facebook's turned
into.
And I don't know.
I want to talk about this tweet from ActDeft because I heard about this too.
ActDeft tweets us saying, I just learned about the existence of a 3DS version of Chocobo
Racing and sadly it got canned.
I, I did forget they did announce this.
Like when the 3DS first came out, they were like, yeah, we're going to make a Chocobo
Racing game for it.
Well, it came out this week that that game got canceled.
And I'm like, oh, I really liked the PlayStation game.
I know it kind of got mixed reviews and some people didn't feel so hot on the game, but
I thought the game was really cool.
So I'm sad they didn't do Chocobo Racing on 3DS.
I would have enjoyed it, but I guess I'll never get to play it.
Sniff, sniff.
Uh, let's see, uh, Tiger Claw sends us a link here and I will read this here.
Russian government to fund patriotic games.
Interesting.
I'm trying to look at this article cause I haven't heard about this, but, uh, let's see.
He links us to an article at GameSpot.com that says, uh, Russians, Russia's culture
minister says video games have to be conducive to patriotic education.
And if you distort history, you could be banned.
It will help fund the production of patriotic games.
And it's, uh, comments from, uh, the aid to Russia's culture minister, Vladimir
Mandinsky said in an interview with a Russian daily newspaper.
And, um, there are several developers that they're in talks with for games to be released
through 2014.
You know, this is interesting because you might think, Oh, government funded video
games.
What a crazy idea.
Not really.
Cause weren't we just hearing on Bobby Blackwell show a couple of weeks ago, he was
out there at the CDC game jam.
I mean, the CDC is a government arm, so, you know, obviously it wasn't necessarily
funding patriotic games.
It was funding, you know, awareness of, uh, you know, but I just, I thought it was
interesting that, uh, there's patriotic games of a different sense, uh, being made
here.
Um, let's see if there's any other tweets here.
I'll read this very kind tweet from a Soutour who says, uh, OLR helps me face the
week each Sunday.
Oh, thank you.
So there you go.
Uh, and then we also got tweeted this picture.
I just want to show this dark Sakura.
It's a from what?
Sorry.
Morning Wolf is the name of this tweeter who sent us a picture saying gamer cat
approves of the classic game of the week.
And there's gamer cat, uh, curled up next to a copy of the animal crossing strategy
guide.
Cause that was last week's classic game of the week.
We like it when you tweet us your cats and, uh, I think that'll do it for, we
should have, we should have something.
I'm going to start this on the orange lounge tumbler called show us your pussy.
I want pictures of cats.
Well, those are, there's already a shit ton of those on tumbler.
What do you have?
My favorite is get out of there cat.
All right.
That's it for Twitter topics.
So that's going to do it for our show tonight.
We're going to wrap on up here.
I want to thank you guys for staying up with us late and listening to the show.
And, uh, remember if you like what you heard here at orange lounge radio, uh, we
don't make any money off this show.
We don't ask for your money really to do this at all.
Maybe once in a while, a charity drive or something.
We don't pocket any money from the show.
So if you enjoy what you heard here at orange launch radio, please
just help us spread the word.
Um, tell a friend or five about the show.
Word of mouth is all we got.
And, uh, help us grow our family here at orange launch radio and the great group
of live listeners we have every Sunday.
And of course the people we hear from in our mailbag on the podcast and Twitter
and all those places for another podcast award.
Fuck.
I forgot to mention that.
Thank you.
I knew there was something I was forgetting in housekeeping.
If you did make it this far in the show, then hopefully you did really like what
you hear.
Uh, the nominations are about to close.
I think we've got like two more days left for the seventh annual podcast awards.
So if you're listening live right now and you haven't done it yet, please
considering going, please consider going to podcast words.com and nominating
orange launch radio for people's choice and best gaming.
And if you don't know what to put for the URL, just put orange launch radio.com.
They'll, they'll, they'll figure it out.
We've been nominated before.
They know we know they know who we are and, uh, yeah, we just, it really helps
us spread awareness.
That whole thing I just talked about before, you know, getting the word of
mouth out there.
So, uh, yeah, would really appreciate it.
But if you decide to nominate somebody else, that's cool too.
Just keep it independent.
That's all we ask.
Keep it independent.
Independence are the ones that need the exposure.
So, uh, good luck to everybody.
Um, that's it.
I guess we'll go around and get everybody's final thought for the night
and then wrap up and get out of here.
I will give my final thought thought first tonight.
And my final thought is I'm going to try very hard the rest of this evening
to not talk, but doing this show makes me happy.
And I'm glad I could push through these past few hours to be here with you
tonight.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I have plenty of lots of Grand Theft Auto 5 this week.
And stay tuned to the forums, uh, cause we'll have an exact time and day for
those VOG gaming nights for Grand Theft Auto online.
It's might be in the middle of the week now, but we'll see.
All right.
You gotta figure that out.
And last but not least, Dark Soccer, your final thought.
I'm very grumpy.
Sorry to hear it.
All right.
Uh, that's it guys.
We're done here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back next week to do it all again.
I have a wonderful week in the meantime and, um, keep on gaming and have fun.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
