Orange Lounge Radio
There's a host, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, a fundraiser could lead to the release of an incomplete Sojam and Earl 3 for the Dreamcast.
Nintendo is re-imagining N64 titles for a release on the Wii U, and they may not be the only company reimagining their past titles.
All this and more begins right now.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 525, October the 27th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with all you guys to talk about video games and gaming culture and so on and so forth with my co-hosts.
First up, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I can't tell it pruning.
You can't be gardening, you're in the kitchen slash studio right now.
Oh, Animal Crossing.
She's just like a witch.
Wow, you actually have a little witches hat for your character.
Because I paid money for Gracie items.
Adorable.
I have the full store now.
Wow, you are like really hardcore into this Animal Crossing stuff, it's no joke.
I have two characters that are mine, and I made one for Julian because I'm bribing him.
But I'll talk about that during my gaming week.
I'm really surprised you haven't jumped on the Pokemon bandwagon yet.
Although I understand, you know, you've got the finance issues going on right now and everything.
That is literally the reason.
Oh, okay.
I have no job.
Which would make the Pokemon addiction worse should you somehow come across a copy.
Except, you know, every time I've ever played a Pokemon game, I've gone about halfway through it and just completely lost interest.
It was like, I'm at the gym, let's play a Pokemon game.
I will say the new one is like way, there's just more excitement and a better coat of paint or just something.
It really energizes that whole brand in a way I haven't felt in a very long time.
Well, Hanukkah is coming up, so whatever.
Ask Hanukkah Harry for one.
No.
Alright.
Actually, what I want for Hanukkah is a job.
And then I can buy my own damn Pokemans.
Well, good luck.
Yeah.
Didn't you have an interview last week?
I did, but I haven't heard back.
Alright, fingers in, fingers in.
Okay, do you think it's an encouraging sign when he just says, you have any more questions for me?
And I go, yeah, when do I start?
And he said, I like how you think.
And then telling me that the eight people, however many people before me, you know, I'm just, I don't want to go much too into the interview.
Sure, sure, sure.
Cross your fingers, cross your toes, light some candles, say a prayer, whatever.
I'm trying not to be excited, but I need a prayer circle, Rob.
Alright, let's join hands.
Okay.
Joining us in our prayer circle this evening, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing alright.
Yeah?
I wanted to get better food for dinner other than McDonald's, but I was too busy looking for UFO parts in Grand Theft Auto.
I was like, wait a minute, is that like a toy for Josh?
Oh, it's a Grand Theft Auto thing.
Yeah.
I will tell you this, Loki, I came so close to finally jumping on that Grand Theft Auto 5 bandwagon this week.
We were like, we were at Fry's or Best Buy or one of those stores, and I almost did it.
But then I was like, wait, Rob, you have an unopened copy of Grand Theft Auto 4 sitting on your shelf.
This is not okay.
You can't get on the 5 bandwagon until you at least play some 4.
No, you can get on the 5 bandwagon just fine.
And then Alan is like-
Although, I mean, it will look that much better, but, you know, I still think you can get on the bandwagon without playing 4.
But Alan is like, Alan is like, why don't you just wait?
In like a year there'll be the Steam sale, it'll be 6 bucks on PC.
I mean, granted, we don't really have a PC version confirmed, but we all know it'll probably happen at some point.
So, you know, he's encouraging me to wait, but I'm like, everybody's playing it now.
They're having the VoG night now.
It's fun. You're missing out.
But I need to save my money for the PlayStation 4 and all the games that aren't coming out.
May I interject one thing real quick?
Of course.
Happy birthday to Act Deft.
Yes, happy birthday, or Feliz Cublianos, because he is one of our favorite Mexican listeners after all.
I know we have a couple folks in Mexico that listen, so I don't want to play favorites too much,
but Act Deft has always been a loyal listener of the show and participator,
so I don't mind taking the time out at the top of the show to say happy birthday to Act Deft.
It's not his birthday, but we always are happy to have him here in studio joining us with the show.
Say hello, everybody. It's his un-birthday, so a merry un-birthday to VX JasonXV, or just Jason.
The other Mexican across the table, no less.
How you doing?
Just not living in Mexico.
Quienes.
Doing good.
I had something to say.
Oh, you don't have to wait a whole other week to hear my voice again.
Or three hours in this case, two and a half.
Jason, if you didn't know, Jason is the new VO guy for basically VoG network.
I mean, Bobby does some of the VOs, but you're slowly kind of taking over,
because since you don't have a show right now, you did have one for a while, right?
Not on a network, not affiliated, but I was doing a podcast with some friends for a while.
That was before VoG and all that, right? You were doing that for you?
Probably. It was quite a while ago at this point.
It was all a blur. It was all a blur.
But you do have a great voice, so you've been willing to do some voiceovers,
and I think people finally got sick of Rob with the echoes and all that stuff.
Well, actually, you volunteered. You just said,
Rob, I'm really sick of hearing that damn filter every week, and I'll do it if you need to know.
So I was like, sure, of course, and you've been doing a great job.
I have my microphone set up, sitting nice and ready. I love my studio slash office set up,
and I thought, hey, Rob can always use an extra hour on Sunday, so this is probably a good idea.
I like to think if the worst ever happened, and OLR and Horde House were both suddenly done,
which I don't even like to think about that, but all things come to an end eventually.
Nothing's on the radar yet, folks. I don't want to scare anybody.
But I like to think if these projects were to ever come to an end,
that's kind of what I would want to do. I've been doing this radio amateur stuff so long,
I would have to do something for someone, somewhere.
But I like to think I could just start up another show somewhere, but maybe, I don't know,
maybe in ten years I would not really want to do that anymore, and I'd just do VOs for somebody else.
And you have a ton of expertise that you can provide to someone else for the actual aspects of running a show.
Oh, inflate my ego more.
Producer engineering set up for streaming, recording.
Keep talking, you're my friend.
There's many, many ways to put together a show, live podcast or otherwise.
Everybody could be better, and somebody with expertise could provide that.
Well, I couldn't do this every week, and I don't think Dark Soccer or Loki or even Jason could do this every week either,
if it weren't for the chatters.
So hello to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, and hello to the podcast listeners as well.
I don't want you guys to feel neglected.
We love everybody who participates with our show in one way or another.
But we do have the live chatters over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says, I wish Rob did the intro with the auto-tune.
I will say this.
We once were looking at doing a segment on the show that was extra for seeing the virtual console release dates.
Back when the Wii was newer and there was a virtual console every week.
Well, that was right when that app came out on iPhone that was like IMT Paint or whatever.
So we were actually looking at having him do that, but there wasn't any easy way for us to get that MP3 rip.
Because we could rip it through the computer, but it didn't really save MP3, so it just didn't work out.
But I would have loved to do that segment with auto-tune.
So it's funny that you bring it to auto-tune.
I can bring in my headset, because I was dumb enough to buy the headset, or I should say,
the collector's edition of Saints Row the Third that had the auto-tune headset.
Wow.
Which, spoiler alert, sucks ass.
But, you can if you sort of try to sing, I guess, over it.
It sort of sounds auto-tuned.
I don't know.
You know what?
We both have Audition.
All I need to do is sit down for an hour and I can probably figure out how to do it.
Well, yeah, no, no.
Keep in mind, this was five years ago.
We have new toys now that we didn't have five years ago.
But we also don't have extra for as my roommate anymore.
So that idea is kind of long gone.
We have the internet.
We do. We do.
But there's no virtual console.
I guess Wii U virtual console games, but it's not...
I remember when the Wii was first out, we were seeing virtual console games all the time.
It was like three a week.
And on Wii U, they've been trickling through.
I feel like every week we're getting something, but let's be real.
It hasn't been a very strong lineup the past week or so.
I think one week we got tennis and baseball.
And those were like the Nintendo versions, like very basic versions of those games.
The launch time.
Yeah, part of the launch lineup.
I mean, they're basically named, for crying out loud.
That tells you when they came out.
Yeah, exactly.
We could do the regular PlayStation Plus member awards.
We'll think of something.
We'll think of something.
This auto-tune thing is...
We're talking about this way too much.
All right.
Let's do a kickoff topic before we get into our gaming weeks.
And we're going to break form a little bit here.
We usually do mailbag later in the show.
But what I'm going to ask Dark Sakura to do, could you open up the email bag for us,
Dark Sakura?
Because there was an email in there that I thought was really good and worth talking
about here at the top of the show.
So Dark Sakura, if you would dive into the email bag and pull out the email that I licked.
The email that you licked?
Yes, it has the saliva all over it.
While I multitask opening my village for everybody who wanted me to do it.
Animals can wait.
Yeah, they can.
I'm just being nice to people.
Hey, OLR crew.
AZHP here.
I wanted to get something off my chest that's been bugging me for a few weeks now.
I had some friends over to play scary games a few weeks ago.
And a lot of them were giving advice on how to play Amnesia.
Then I asked them if anyone wanted to play since they had played it before.
And they said, oh, I haven't played it before.
I watched a playthrough on YouTube.
This got me kind of bummed out because I feel some of the magic of experiencing the game
together with friends was gone because they knew what was going to happen.
When I discovered that watching scary game playthroughs is actually way more common than
I thought.
Then I discovered.
Way more common than I thought.
Some of the most popular videos of the game Outlast have millions of views.
Outlast is an indie game and certainly hasn't sold millions of copies.
So prospects for a sequel are slim at this time.
So my question to you guys is, do you think streaming is hurting certain genres of games?
This is a slightly different discussion than Nintendo streaming kerfluffle that happened
a few months ago.
Because Nintendo games are often games with excellent gameplay and mechanics that makes
you want to play and want to have your own experience with the game.
Even after.
I'm about to get logged out.
Sorry.
Even after watching someone play it.
But is that necessarily the same for horror games?
After seeing the twists and scares, does that make you want to go out and play the game?
And to play Devil's Advocate, were these people just never going to play these games because
they were too scared to play it by themselves?
I feel like with the easy answer being, let's watch a playthrough on YouTube.
These people who watch the stream could have mustered up enough courage to get a friend
or two over and play the game as they are huddled up with blankets over their heads,
gripping each other in fear.
Is this something we may lose forever due to streaming?
I've rambled enough, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on the issue.
Keep up the great work.
Love always.
AZHP.
This is a really good question, and that's why I wanted to pull it at the top of the
show as a kickoff topic, because it's also timely with Halloween being this next week.
A lot of people are thinking about scary games, and I'm sure some of you, I don't know
if you guys do this or maybe people listening, but...
We have to watch Showgirls.
Everybody has their tradition, and mine is watching Showgirls every Halloween because
it's a scary movie, but I'm sure some of you bring people over and you all play Silent
Hill, or you all play Amnesia.
We've done that at your old place with Exeter.
Yeah, certainly.
But this is a really good question.
Just in general, and it doesn't even necessarily have to be about scary games, but is this
new technology in this world that we live in as gamers where Twitch TV is getting more
and more popular and all its knockoffs, is this hurting gaming more than we want to admit?
No, no one really watches it for the twist.
They watch it for the people reacting to playing the games is really what it is.
Not me.
I don't really...
I'm with you, because of course my mind is going to go to, if you listen to Hoard House,
you know our buddy Gemet over there is infamous for doing these playthroughs where he screams
at the top of his lungs while playing Slender Man, and people love it.
They heat it up.
That's why it's so popular.
It's not really about the game itself, which I mean, the game's good, but it's watching
these over the top reactions, which is why people do it, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I saw some footage of Amnesia before.
I just don't remember it.
Well, I remember, and even though I've beaten the game a bajillion times,
I watch playthroughs of Silent Hill 3, because that's my favorite game,
and sometimes I don't feel like putting it in and playing through everything.
I just want to watch all the cinematics.
For me, it's more or less that I go back and rewatch scenes of games that I've already played,
especially scenes that I really like.
The only game, I think, as far as scary games that I've done that with,
are pretty much games I don't intend to ever play.
I want to see exactly how bad this is type of game.
I'm not as much into Resident Evil anymore, so I watch a playthrough of one of the Resident Evil games
just to keep up on the story, but I don't really want to play it.
For me, I don't care.
If someone was like, oh yeah, let's come over and have a bunch of people
while we play through this and make fun of it, that's where you get the fun.
Even if you've already seen it, as long as you're not spoiling it for people,
like your friends were spoiling it for you, then that's the difference.
People just need to have a little bit of respect.
If they know you haven't played through it before, they need to keep their big mouth shut.
I think the emailer brings up a good point, though,
is that there are probably people out there where they're not sure if they want to buy
a scary $10, $15 video game that's out there right now.
Let's say Outlast, I think, was the example used in the email.
Somebody might not be sure if they want to get that game yet,
so they're sampling a little bit on Twitch TV or whatever,
and so they watch somebody play the game, and then they're like,
oh, well, I saw all this scary stuff, so I don't really need to buy it now.
Is that a valid concern for the game makers?
I kind of think it's a decent argument.
Now, I sort of think, though, it's twofold.
I kind of think for every person you convince not to buy the game,
I think there's people you also convince to buy the game that may not have done so before.
So I think there is a little bit of both.
There's the bad news and there's good news that we might be neglecting here a little bit.
Jason, do you have any thoughts on this?
And I invite our chat room to respond, too, at luke.com.
I was basically going to say that I agree with what Loki said
in that there's going to be a lot of people that are going to use this as an excuse
to see a game without playing it, whether it's for saving money,
whether it's for something that they just didn't get a chance to play.
But there's nothing wrong with that for the same exact point that you made,
in that somebody else can get turned on to this.
A game they didn't hear of, a game they were on the fence for,
they see a tiny little bit of it, it interests them,
they want to see the rest of the story around it, and so forth.
There's a lot of games that come out right now,
and nobody plays every single one of them.
So having something that kind of fills the void of being able to see what a game was,
get a story in a universe that you're interested in,
it's not a bad thing. Everybody does not play all of the same games.
Question for you guys at the table.
Have any of you been convinced to buy a video game because of a live stream?
I want to say I did. I can't remember what it is.
Yeah, well not because of a stream, but it showed a lot of the gameplay in a YouTube video.
That's how I bought Drunken Robot Pornography.
I mean, yeah, it was more of a review, but he played through a good bit of what had been out,
and I was like, heck yeah, I want this.
Just listening to the music made me want that game.
I've also picked up indie titles based on going through Twitch and seeing people play.
Surgeon Simulator. 2013.
That video, I had to buy it after watching that.
I can't think of one off the top of my head that I bought,
but I will say that seeing streams convinced me to give Dota 2 a try,
and League of Legends, and I was kind of ignoring those,
but because of all the streaming that goes on with that,
I was kind of convinced like, oh, maybe I can try this too.
That's actually exactly the same point.
The last time I was out here, I watched The International 3 with some co-workers,
and once Dota 2 was finally available for Steam on Mac,
I jumped on that and had a couple friends teach me how to play the game.
I don't want to say I'm good at it by any stretch of the imagination,
but I'm to the point where I can actually learn on my own
and sometimes hold up in multiplayer matches.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com,
SSG100Matt says, I really just like watching my friends play games
and occasionally do hilarious commentary.
AlanAlchemy with a comment that's teasing Gemet,
which I'm always here for those.
AlanAlchemy says, and how Gemet takes his hands off the mouse and keyboard
and slaps him over his face and stops playing the game when he hasn't even died yet.
It's hilarious and infuriating.
I'm going to get a nasty call on Skype this week.
God damn it, Rob Roberts. I heard OLR this week, Rob Roberts,
and you were talking shit about me again.
The other side of the coin from this email is party games,
because party games don't have something that you can spoil.
You see something livestream that's really fun and you pick it up immediately.
Good point. The first time I saw Mario U was on a livestream.
I didn't buy all that right when it first came out,
so I kind of saw it all that morning.
Let's see. Looking for more comments in our chat room.
DarkTetsuya at live.vognetwork.com says,
to me it seems like the horror movie trailers or any trailer in general.
Sure, maybe you've seen some of the game,
but there's still a good chunk that would surprise you.
BlackWolf, our good pal Bobby BlackWolf, who always does the show before us here at VOG Network,
says, well, I almost bought Final Fantasy XIV because of Sky's livestream,
but I was interested in Hearthstone because of his livestream.
Interested and almost.
ActDeft actually said exactly the same thing that I wasn't even thinking about,
is that you played Rogue Legacy,
and I'll say this again once we hit our gaming weeks,
but I've been playing a good chunk of that.
Every time I've seen that game, I very much enjoyed it.
It's a good use of your time.
It's a great game.
Let me read another comment here, just a couple more.
Duron in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
I usually use demos or betas to decide if I want to play a game,
but this is a nice way if those options aren't available.
That's a very good point.
And lastly, I'll say from DungeonBuster here,
I was on the fence with Amnesia a while back
until I watched a few streams of it and picked it up.
So, I mean, a lot of positive, like, yes, the streaming might be doing more good than bad.
Not to dismiss the points of the original email, though,
but I think there is a little bit of both.
I think there's some of what the emailer was saying,
and I think there's the other side of,
yeah, but there's also another audience that may not have bought the game
that is going to buy the game now,
because it's their friend or somebody they feel a connection to online,
in the case of, like, the more popular live streamers,
that, you know, play the game and make it look like a good time.
So, all right, anyhow, that'll do it for that topic.
Let's get into our gaming weeks.
For the record, I actually do totally want to have people in person
for a good Silent Hill 3 playthrough.
It'll be fun. Good times.
Actually, one comment I do need to respond to in chat.
Codeman says, Rob, have you played Outlast yet?
I have not. Codeman was kind enough to gift me a copy.
I will say time is running out for me to do that, though,
because Halloween is this week, so stay tuned.
And you can't see it, but I'm wiggling my eyebrows.
So stay tuned. That'll probably happen this week.
All right, let us get to the types of video games that we've been playing this week,
and how was your gaming week?
DarkSakura, what have you been up to? What have you been playing?
I haven't been playing Animal Crossing at all.
You're not playing it right now.
No, not right now. By the way, Normandy's open.
I played Final Fantasy XIV, and I got on a quest that was really pissing me off,
so I just said, screw it, and got my second job.
So I'm at level 10 Thaumaturge, and when I hit 15, maybe tonight,
I'll go back to spamming whatever I have to do as a sorcerer or summoner.
I guess. I don't know how that works.
Anyway, so I'm playing that. I got Gone Home, but I haven't started it yet.
I did play some Super Mario 3D World Land, whatever it is.
Oh yeah, that's right, because you borrowed that from me last year.
Yes, I did. Whatever 3D stuff. Without the 3D, haha.
I also played some Fractal, and I've played Mass Effect 3.
I've played the first Mass Effect because I bought Choddy the first two games on PC,
and she hasn't been able to get hers to work. I don't know why.
So I've been playing mine to walk her through getting all of her stuff set up.
And now that I'm in the game, I just can't resist rolling another shepherd.
I totally forgot where I was. I have another shepherd that I'm playing as kind of the
let's see if we can get Garrus to go with the specter path,
which we know that doesn't really happen anyway, so whatever. Spoilers!
But I'm playing that one, and I completely forgot where I was.
I haven't even done, like, I think I just finished Novaria, and that's it.
So I was playing those, and I was playing something else.
Oh, Dan has broken out the GameCube and is playing the Mimish Cap.
Oh nice.
He's like, we've had this game for how long? And I've played it for not how long?
I'm gonna play it. So that's what all I've been hearing all morning
is a mix of Animal Crossing music and the Mimish Cap.
Alrighty. There it is, your gaming week. Loki.
I only played Grand Theft Auto 5.
What a shock!
I know, shocking. So I've been still trying to go through single player and get 100%,
so that's what I've been working on.
I finished the flight school stuff, even though I wanted to throw a controller
when it came to some of the plane stuff.
And then I've been doing my collectibles right now.
So I'm going through and finding all the letter scraps and all the spaceship parts.
And I've got about, what, seven letter scraps left and three spaceship parts.
So thankfully, Rockstar has a wonderful map on their social club that I can go in,
and it actually updates as I get stuff so I know, okay, I have to go here,
have to do this, because no one really wants to just wander the map looking for that shit.
I just want it done immediately so I can get on to the next thing.
And then I'm playing a little bit of online at work,
mostly the PlayStation 3 version, so I'm level 17 in that now.
And another VOG gaming night. I think we're gonna take turns on the Fridays,
so we'll probably have one next Friday around 8 o'clock.
Haven't decided if it's gonna be PS3 or 360 yet. Probably 360, so stay tuned for that.
And then, of course, the following week we'll probably do PS3.
Alright, so lots and lots of Grand Theft Auto 5.
And once again, if you want to join the VOG Club on Grand Theft Auto 5,
all the information is in our forums at vognetwork.com.
Just click on forums at the top of the screen.
Rockstargames.com. I think it's just slash, yeah, slashcrew slash vognetwork.
And I think last I checked we had 46 people.
Nice.
And we now have 50. We hit 50.
It's climbing. Awesome.
Alright, Jason, our guest here and voiceover guy, what have you been up to?
This map is really freaking amazing.
I remember when I learned that it was impossible to 100% Just Cause 2,
that it would have been really nice to have something that just shows us where all the items are
when you get to like a 90-90% completion rate where running all over the continent is just ridiculous.
Oh yeah, I still have a few orbs I have to get in Crackdown, the first one.
Yeah, same problem. Crackdown is even smaller than Just Cause 2 is, but still...
Yeah, something like that that helps you to the most monotonous grinding possible
would be incredibly beneficial.
As I said earlier, I've been playing a ton of Rogue Legacy
and ripping my hair out with that collectively as well as FTL, Faster Than Light,
which has been frustrating because even on easy I can't make it all the way across the galaxy
and I've been very disappointed of this constantly.
I mentioned on Twitter last night that I went out to a friend's house down in San Francisco
and I played Artemis, the Starship bridge simulator for the first time.
We played for something like four hours.
You gave me glance, have you not heard of this before?
No I have not, but it sounds interesting.
Artemis, I don't know what's new, what's old, but basically what it amounts to
is that you have a Starship, up to six of them as a matter of fact.
You run either a server, or I think it's one server per ship,
and you can have up to eight or nine positions that encompass a Starship bridge.
Calms, helm, weapons, engineering, science that actually does shield scanning and whatnot, sector scanning,
and then obviously the captain is required.
I think you basically have to have at least two players, but the more you have the better it is.
And you start the game with a given scenario, you have deep space stations,
in our case DS 1-4 to protect wormholes, space whales, minefields that you can use to your advantage
or stop paying attention and destroy yourself very quickly.
It's an incredible amount of fun.
By the way, this game is getting a big response in our chat room here at live.vognetwork.com.
BlackWolf says, I love Artemis.
Tim trips in chat and says, Artemis is so fun.
And SHG100Matt says, Artemis is at PAX East, right?
I think it was. I don't remember. I didn't go, but I think it was one of those games.
I've seen a ton of footage and the places they can take the main screen, the bridge screen,
and make it gigantic and have all of the stations situated strategically.
There's an immense amount of potential to take that game, make the experience as fun as possible
and as good as you want it to be.
I am looking at footage of this game on YouTube that Bobby sent me.
Look at that, a Let's Play I'm using to look at the game.
So yeah, this looks like they're having fun.
They're all kind of sitting around the table on all their little laptops yelling at each other.
That's cool.
There is an Artemis II version now, which we didn't play.
My voice is a little scratchier than usual.
And that's because between the five of us at my buddy's place,
we were shouting back and forth at each other.
Just in the sheer hectic nature, our engineer was balancing power levels for systems
and didn't always react to the captain or just in advance I would say,
hey engineering, do I have power to maneuverability?
That sounds like a lot of fun.
It is so fun.
I got to be honest though, if they were to slap Star Trek onto this,
I know I shouldn't say that because it's an indie game and let it grow and be its own thing,
but I have to say, can you imagine if they could slap Star Trek onto this?
It would basically be a Star Trek LARP.
People would so be there.
They tried doing console Star Trek games that just did not take off.
With the intent of being a simulator.
Well even Raginator wants to know in our chat room,
does it help to say engage or make it so or speak like Shatner when playing Artemis?
The captain did not take the role of a particular character from any universe like that,
but I would use those words because I was doing helm
and so we would have the rotation of the ship and you can also have a warp or a jump ship.
Jump being you instantly go to a certain place of course and warp the progressively high rate traveling.
He'll give me coordinates and I will say locked in or coordinates engaged or jump engaged,
10 seconds to jump, all that kind of stuff.
We had fun with it and it kind of comes with the territory of us all being the geeks that we are.
Of course.
We didn't take specific characters, but we had a hell of a lot of fun with it.
Tim Trip in our chat room says, I basically pretend it's Star Trek anyways.
Okay, it's not just me.
Revision3 has a short little video of this game
and they are all dressed up in Star Trek appropriate attire, uniforms and everything,
color appropriate and the whole thing.
I will say that our weapons individual was the space cowboy
and he was playing that character very, very well.
I'm sorry, I'm just cracking up at chat because Tim Trip follows up with saying,
practice is my best Janeway voice, which Xdefer over at Horde House does this so much better than I do.
But you know, that's all Tom Paris, Tom, Harry Kim, Harry Kim, Tom Paris, Tom Paris.
That's all he does is yell those two names over and over, but it's funny.
I've been watching through Voyager.
Yeah, it was a good show. It was underrated.
So, anyway, all right.
You know what?
What?
No, it wasn't.
Voyager was full of bad decision after bad decision and Janeway going, fuck it, I'm Janeway,
we're in the middle of Delta Space, I don't have to follow shit.
And that's the tale of Voyager.
I'm not asking for directions.
I am the direction.
It's a real trip though to see Janeway on Orange is the New Black.
I'm just saying it's a different role for her.
Okay, anyhow.
Oh shit, that was her.
I didn't even realize it after watching.
No, it didn't even click.
Wow.
And there's also McCoy on some cops SWAT something I saw a commercial for.
Obviously, Abram vs. McCoy is on some new TV show and that's quite a jump.
Oh my God.
I love you Game Guru because you know SF Debris.
If you ever want to see the funniest mockery of the Janeway voice ever, go to SF Debris.
I was going to say, you know, Voyager had some pretty epic guest stars.
Like Sarah Silverman was a guest star on an episode of Voyager.
And she wasn't being her typical over the top hilarity.
She was playing it serious, so it's so funny to see her on the show.
You know, like, I'm going on the Voyager.
I just can't help but think always though of Maria Bamford doing her,
I used to work at the Star Trek experience as a Bajoran.
Her Bajoran refugee voice.
I can never get that out of my head whenever I think of Star Trek.
Bobby Black Wolf says, I hear Orange is the New Black is better if you pretend it's just Janeway in the holodeck.
It could be her fantasy.
This is getting way too far away from video games. Way too far.
Just the expanse of the Star Trek universe.
Look what this Artemis game does to people.
Alright, I'm kidding.
I think we've also just admitted that we know way too much about Voyager than we should say in public.
I know nothing about Voyager other than, you know...
I will however watch an entire season of Voyager before I watch any more Enterprise.
There you go.
You know, true story, the first time I ever got drunk was at the Star Trek experience.
First time in my life I ever got drunk was at the Warp Core Breach.
I love those things.
Fucking Travis over at Understation Live here at VOG Network has the voicemail thing.
Anyway, long story that I'm not going to recap.
By the way, I did find in Las Vegas a replacement for the Warp Core Breach.
Oh, what's that?
It's at this place at the Paris casino.
Their little dessert bar, whatever place, has fuzzy drinks with foam coming up out of it like the Warp Core Breach.
And whatever their red one is tastes like Warp Core Breach.
Nice.
I just don't remember what it was called. It was red and I was drunk.
Nice. I gotta go to Vegas one of these times.
A friend of mine is trying to talk me into going to New Media Expo, which I think is right around the time as CES.
So it's like, oh, if I could do a double and do both those cons it would be a lot of fun.
But anyway, let's talk about my gaming week and the type of stuff that I've been playing this week.
Which, you know, much like Loki, I still have been playing plenty of Final Fantasy XIV.
We perfected earlier today speedruns of Wanderer's Palace.
Which, if you know the endgame, that's one of the instances that you can do in the endgame.
And we're able to knock that place out in about 15 minutes.
Which doesn't beat the record of 8 minutes, but it's still pretty good considering we don't have the optimal group.
But anyway, other games I've been playing this week.
Not a whole lot of new stuff, but I did play a new port of a game I already played.
And that's Hotline Miami.
Because Hotline Miami is free on PlayStation Plus right now on PlayStation 3 and PS Vita.
And if you are a PlayStation Plus subscriber, you really do need to check out this game.
I can't confess to having played a lot of it.
Just because it's really difficult and kind of, like, it takes a bit of getting used to the game.
But I really like the style.
It's got, you know, a very retro style to it, but the soundtrack is so good.
And I'm sure a lot of people are...
Isn't it?
Oh yeah, it's great.
I love the soundtrack.
I just sit there and listen to that on loop as I'm dying over and over.
But it's a very fast-paced game, and in the retro sense, I find a lot of it is about memorization.
Like, okay, here, you're going to go onto this floor in this house that you're invading for whatever reason.
And I'm going to go kill that guy, and then I'm going to take his weapon, and then go kill that guy, and that guy.
And then I've got to run over here and lure that guy out so I can kill him.
Like, you start to think of the memorization.
Like, it's a Mega Man level or something, like in retro.
So, you know, I know that it's a lot of trial and error.
But unfortunately for me, I tend to error a lot more than I do succeed.
But it's something about the soundtrack of that game kind of, like, gets you going.
And yeah, I want to play more of that.
So I was having a lot of fun with that on PlayStation 3.
So again, if you have PlayStation Plus, check it out.
It's free.
You really have no reason at this point not to.
And even, I'm sure it'll be discounted on Steam.
And I don't think it's a very expensive game to begin with on any of the platforms it's on.
So it's worth the money if you like old retro puzzle memorization games.
And if you like an abundance of violence with your retro games.
Because I will tell you, there's an abundance of violence in this game.
And shooting dogs.
Alan Alchemy in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com backing us up.
It absolutely needs memorization to get through it.
So, all right.
Let's see.
Other games that I've been playing this week.
I did play a game.
It's not a new game, but it's new to me.
It's called Midway Arcade Origins.
Which is a retro game collection that's available.
I think it's on 360 and PS3.
Don't know about Wii or Wii U.
I don't think it's there.
I think it's only on the others.
Here's the thing.
The Midway game collection's kind of been done before.
And I actually rented this.
Because I was a little hesitant to buy it.
Because, well, I already have Midway Arcade Treasures on PlayStation 2.
Like, there's three different volumes of it, right?
I have all three volumes.
So most of the games in this I already have in one way or another.
And I think they even had on the PlayStation 1 some of these games were available.
And it's kind of funny because some of these games we've seen before this generation.
Joust was an early $5 Xbox Live arcade game.
And that's in the collection now for, you know, what?
I find this for $19.99 on Amazon at this point or gaming stores to buy this new.
And I'm trying to think of some of the other games.
I think Defender. Wasn't Defender an Xbox Live game at some point too?
I think they redid that.
Well, anyway, those are some of the games that are in the collection.
Some of the other highlights for me.
Marble Madness. Love that game, right?
That's in the collection.
Rampart is a personal favorite of mine.
That's the game that's like Tetris meets you roll the trackball around and shoot things.
The ships.
I don't know if you guys know this game.
Rampart was really cool. Google it if you haven't heard of it yet.
Or maybe Dark Soccer will do it as a classic game later.
Maybe.
Don't you like Rampart?
Not really.
But I will tell you, this was the game that I don't think was in any of the older collections that I was really giddy.
And it's Super Offroad.
Which originally used to be Iron Man Stewart's Super Offroad.
But I guess since, you know, they don't have the license with him anymore.
Just like Punch Out isn't Mike Tyson anymore.
Exactly. They gave him a mustache and just photoshopped his name out.
So now it's just Super Offroad or whatever.
But I had a lot of fun playing that game.
Although I will say, it loses a little something when you don't have the steering wheel that you can just spin around uncontrollably.
Remember, like, they were totally fake steering wheels.
And they had no stop on the left or the right side.
So when you were a kid, you would just spin that thing like crazy when you're trying to turn around.
And it was a lot of fun.
It doesn't translate the same way to the thumb sticks.
But it's an awful lot of fun to kind of have that whole experience.
Because I don't remember an arcade perfect version of that.
I know on the NES they had a version of that.
But it was a little, you know, scaled down in the graphics and so forth.
Although it was one of the few, if I remember, it was one of the few four player multi-tap games on the NES.
If I'm not mistaken.
They redid it on the SNES too that dramatically improved on the NES version.
I don't think it was arcade perfect.
And, you know, probably intentionally so.
The lack of credits and coins and the need to re-up and that kind of thing.
Yeah, I remember when I was a kid, if ever there was a Super Off-Road strategically positioned in a walkable area.
I would walk by and just throw all the steering wheels so they're all spinning uncontrollably in the same direction.
DarkTetsuya and GameGuru, both in our chatroom, telling me that Midway Treasures 3 actually did have Super Off-Road in it.
I just don't remember that.
And to be honest, I'm looking over at my collection.
I actually have Midway Arcade Treasures 1 and 2, so I guess I never picked up 3.
3 had Hydro Thunder and it was all racing games, right?
I wonder why I skipped that one.
I remember having to seek out 3 on the PS2 for a very specific purpose.
And I don't think it was Off-Road, but I know there was some other game that I wanted in it.
So anyway, as far as retro classic game collections go, it's fine.
Especially if you don't have these games already in one way or the other.
It's kind of neat to have them again.
And yeah, they've got the leaderboard and the trophies and, you know, that's that.
Otherwise, you know, not a lot to scream about.
But if you're a retro gaming fan, it's really nice to see them in the crisp HD.
And you can put different filters on the graphics too.
You can have it super sharp or smooth, you know.
So you can do those little things.
And, you know, especially now that the title is a budget title, it would be worth your time if you like retro games.
Anyhow, that does it for my gaming week.
So let's quickly do some housekeeping.
Don't forget you can add us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
And we're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
We appreciate all our friends on those sites.
We're also on Google Plus, as we'll get to later in the show.
And I do want to remind you guys, I mentioned this last week and just want to remind you guys, there will be no new show in two weeks.
We will have the night off.
So we'll be here next week on November 3rd, if I'm thinking right with the dates.
But we will not be here on November 10th, because I will be coming back from Los Angeles and my not BlizzCon trip.
And I get to trash your house.
Dark Sakura will be house sitting and Kitty sitting.
I got paid in Duffy.
Yes, as she kindly offered to do.
I would have done it for free.
I know.
But thanks for the Duffy.
You're welcome. I've been sitting on that for like three months.
Now?
Not literally.
But anyway, yeah, we won't be here November 10th.
I'm going on my not BlizzCon trip.
You'll probably hear more about this on Horde House.
But I missed out on getting BlizzCon tickets because I thought I would be doing something else that weekend.
And it unfortunately fell through.
It's kind of a sad situation, but it is what it is.
And I'm no longer going to Phoenix.
So I said, fine, I'll go to BlizzCon, except there's no way I can get a ticket now.
And, you know, BlizzCon is a fortress to get in its media.
You're either on their list or you're not.
So I'm just going to go to the parties and then go to Disneyland, which is BlizzCon enough, right?
BlizzCon.
Yeah, exactly. I'm making a BlizzCon out of it. Why not?
Well, seriously, you run into people in the park because I did that a couple years ago when they...
Not when they... They didn't have it last year, but the year before.
Right, yeah.
I actually would run into people who are wearing like WoW t-shirts and say,
BlizzCon! And they go, hell yeah!
So yeah, that'll be on Sunday.
That was when I was really into WoW and Dan would just roll his eyes and go wander in the other direction.
Yeah, BlizzCon is on the Sunday, the official BlizzCon, but we're making a run of it.
I'm going to be going to an event. I should plug this.
If you're going to be at BlizzCon and for whatever reason you're not listening to Horde House, my other show,
I'm going to be at an event called World of Podcasts, which is Thursday night. I'll be there.
I'm not featured because, again, I wasn't planning on going, so I missed the boat on all that stuff.
But Grandpa from our show is on one of the panels over there.
So yeah, I'll be at World of Podcasts, so if you're going to be there, come say hi.
And say hi to Grandpa as well.
And then I don't know, whatever else I get invited to Friday or Saturday, we'll go to that too.
Although Alan and I are going to try to do a Carthay Circle dinner one of those nights.
Probably Saturday night, because I think that's when the closing ceremonies are,
so there's usually not a lot going around because they usually have a big old concert.
Although they didn't announce any big, there's no Ozzy Osbourne or anything this year.
So I don't know what they're doing for the closing ceremonies. It's got to be a secret.
It's a secret to everybody.
It is a secret to everybody.
Alright, let's move on with some gaming news.
And Loki, going to start us off tonight.
Alright, there's a rumor that's, I guess, going on, saying that there's going to be a brand new...
Sorry, you know it's a slow gaming week when we have to start off, or a slow news week in gaming,
when we have to start off with a rumor.
So I apologize in advance, but it's not the best week in news.
There's nothing to talk about.
Yeah, we're stretching tonight. Fully admitting. Fully admitting.
Like, Lisa, I'm not covering that story about NASCAR being, you know, the rights for NASCAR going to Deep Silver,
because no one fucking cares.
Anyways, I know there's Regnut out there who still has his gaming console that he stole.
So there's this series that, I guess, they're calling Reimagined, because that's dumb.
It's supposed to be, I guess, seven Nintendo 64 games that are being redone in HD.
And, God, I hope they're really actually redoing everything if they're actually going to do this and not just upresing them,
because it's going to look like shit.
It's also going to look weird, too, because they're not going to be all fuzzy and cloudy anymore.
They're also saying that, I guess, all seven games would feature new content and retail at $30.
And the idea is, I guess, Nintendo would be filling in the gaps in their Wii U lineup by re-releasing older Nintendo 64 games.
Here's kind of a funny part, though, about that, is they are already filling...
Well, I should say their lineup is already including older games that are being remade, like Wind Waker HD, for example.
Or even before the Wii U, they had their new play control games, which they literally did nothing to except for change the control on it.
Oh, hey, now it uses a Wii remote instead of a GameCube controller, because that's so much better.
It's not, though.
And, yeah, one of the rumors, of course, is that Mario 64 is going to be the first game.
Yeah, of course it's going to be Mario 64.
They're not going to do Superman 64.
Hey, let's leave with that.
Mario Kart 64 would cannibalize a little bit on Mario Kart 8.
I don't think... I mean, I could see them doing something like this, but I would think, if anything,
I just don't know how much of a draw there's really going to be for people to get HD versions of these games.
I mean, I'm sure some people will be interested in it, but I don't know.
I would think they'd be better off just doing, like, you know...
I could see this maybe for, you know, the 3DS, because remember they did this with, like, you know,
Alcarina and Star Fox and that kind of stuff. I could see that happening, but...
I don't know. It just sounds like a rumor to me. Whatever.
Well, you know, I realize it's a big old rumor, and Nintendo remaking their games wouldn't exactly be out of character for them or whatever, right?
No, yeah.
But, you know, it seems like it's not a very long process for them, and the games turn out pretty well received.
Like, I'm thinking of the Zelda Wind Waker HD thing.
Yeah, but the problem with Wind Waker HD, though, is that it had way better graphics than, you know, the GameCube...
Well, because it was a GameCube game. It wasn't that different than, you know, a regular Wii game or something like that.
So it wasn't... They weren't doing a whole lot.
Whereas if you were doing Mario or, like, any of the Nintendo 64 stuff, you're going to have to do quite a bit to that to make it look nice.
Because just up-resing it and making the polys look nicer and stuff, it's going to look like...
I mean, fuck, you can just pull it up on YouTube and look at any of the emulators out there that do any sort of up-scaling on that stuff, and it just...
It doesn't look that good.
Like, even when I ran stuff in, like, an emulator on, like, the Ouya and stuff, and that sort of did some up-resing and stuff,
it just doesn't look good on your TV because, yeah, everything's smoother looking, but it's just so empty because those games, you know, couldn't...
They couldn't do very far draw distances or, you know, they didn't have a lot of detail in there because it couldn't handle it.
It's just... I don't know.
It's a neat idea, but I just don't know how well it's going to look.
We'll see, I guess.
SSJ100Matt with a comment in our chat room.
At live.vognetwork.com, the recent Mario Kart games have had the older tracks remade into the new games.
That's another good reason why a Mario Kart 64 would be a little redundant.
Yeah, you know, as much as I like playing the older tracks, I think that's such a cop-out of, like,
hey, look, we get double the content now without having to do anything.
Well, it would be really... I do think they could release a bunch of old tracks as DLC.
I think that would be really cool.
So why not?
Why not have the balls and put a fucking track editor in there?
Oh, you afraid that people are going to come up with better track designs than your own?
But, Loki, somebody might draw a penis as a track.
Not me. I've decided I know what track I would design.
Boobs.
No, even better.
What?
I would have the full-on vag track.
You know, with the little lube.
I knew you were dirtying it up somewhere.
Oh, come on.
I think it's, like, totally unfair to automatically assume that people are going to put a penis in
when it is much better to put a vag in.
Well, my next guess was boobs.
Oh, okay. I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why it's easy for people to put a penis in there, because
who is the demographic for these games?
Teenage boys and prepubescent boys.
What have they seen?
They've seen their penis.
What have they not seen?
They have not seen a vagina.
And this would be the only way they ever would.
So, of course, it's gonna-
I would be doing them a favor.
It's familiar territory.
You didn't see fucking Bob Ross painting buildings and cars.
You saw him painting trees, because that's the way he knew.
He knew trees.
Just like kids, they know penises.
And bushes.
If you want to be technical, it had to do with his painting style, but that's a different thing.
God dammit, I want to see a fuzzy fucking building.
He can do it.
Alan Alchemy.
From the grave.
Alan Alchemy in our chatroom at live.voguenetwork.com suggesting a name for your track, Dark Soccer,
of Vulva Vroom.
I approve of this.
It will officially be called the Vulva Vroom.
I think Dark Soccer should have, like, a sex education game on the Wii U.
Like, you know, instead of Dr. Joyce Brothers or whatever, or Dr. Ruth-
Foost, do you lose-
I can't do the Dr. Joyce.
No, it'll be more like the sex education teacher in Beavis and Butthead.
Dark Soccer would just walk out.
Today we're gonna talk about the penis.
We're gonna talk about the vagina.
That's the coach.
Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
Whatever he was.
Isn't he the same guy?
Yeah.
He'd feel like all the alternative-
Coach Buzzcut.
Yeah.
Kick me in the jibby.
So is that like, you know, Mario teaches typing, it's Birdo teaches sex ed or something like that?
Teaching- this is all the stuff that I didn't want and I had it changed.
So, you could even have it on the Wii U.
You could be like, now touch where you're gonna find the G spot.
And then the person touches, no, this is why you'll never get laid.
Show me on the touchpad where they touched you.
You get the orgasm trophy.
They don't have trophies on Wii U, Dark Soccer.
Well, I don't have a Wii U, so I don't care.
And-
Was there more with that, Loki?
I'm sorry.
I think I cut you off and suddenly we-
No, we were done talking.
We were in playground chat at that point.
We were done talking.
It's a rumor.
Rumor, rumor, rumor.
Rumor, rumor, rumor.
There's another joke there about the name of the game and for some strange reason I
just can't put the words together.
Something something and we use-
What was the name of this game?
Reumagined?
Reumagined, yes.
Reumagined.
It honestly sounds like a special episode of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Like, Ru-U-magined or something.
Is that what they're calling it?
Is that what the Lost episodes that they're calling it on TV right now?
You know I've never watched an episode of that.
The Ruvives episodes.
How are we friends?
I mean to.
I used to watch Drag U.
Oh, okay.
Well, similar.
Then you know enough.
Because I like seeing, as much as Ru makes a gorgeous woman, I loved the suits.
It was all about the suits.
That red suit.
Ah.
Tim Tripp in our chat says,
I just had a moment where I thought I was listening to Hoard House, but we didn't have
Grandpa say something racially insensitive.
So it's not truly an episode of Hoard House at this point.
Let's move on quickly before we go there.
Maybe I'm just channeling X to fur in an entirely feminine manner.
I haven't brought up, you know, bleaching the part.
Next story is about Nintendo as well.
Talking about cross-play titles.
You know right now most cross-play we think of on PlayStation with PS3 or 4 and the PlayStation Vita.
In fact Hotline Miami, I was talking about earlier in the show.
When you download that you get a Vita version and a PlayStation 3 version.
And all your saves transfer through the cloud.
It's all through the cloud.
So you can pick up your bloody murder right where you left off.
And so a lot of people are asking, well when the hell is the 3DS and the Wii U gonna get on board?
And of course the answer is when Nintendo understands online.
Or it's when they decide, because I have to remind everybody every single week.
It's when they decide to, hey guess what?
We're gonna do the 3DS virtual console on the Wii U.
Because it has two screens and the same damn controls.
And you can fucking do any 3DS game on there.
They're just not doing it yet.
Alright well Nintendo has come out and said quote.
We can confirm that cross-platform functionality is possible in certain titles that play on Nintendo 3DS and Wii U.
As well as, I almost said Vita.
As well as other video game systems not made by Nintendo.
And the reasoning behind that, just so you know.
This is because of pure chess.
Which you can actually play on the Wii U.
But you can also cross-play with Playstation 3 and Vita.
Now the reason why this is news.
Is because this is a huge reason why you do not see Final Fantasy XIV on the Xbox 360.
Square wanted to put it on the 360.
But Microsoft said, no we will not support the cross-play element.
You will not be able to, Xbox has to be its own server, its own world and everything.
Xbox will not cross-play.
Which is funny because Final Fantasy XI was totally not like that and had play online.
But you have to go back a few years.
Microsoft was desperate to have a Final Fantasy game on the 360.
So they broke their own rule in that case only.
And that's why you got 13 later on on the 360 which was controversial.
But I digress, back to Nintendo.
We are committed to helping developers realize the full potential of their software on Nintendo systems.
We can confirm that Disney Infinity from Disney Interactive Studios.
Cubeman 2 from 3 Sprockets and Pure Chess from Ripstone.
All have the ability to play on Nintendo systems.
While at the same time communicating with consumers using those same games on other systems.
Additional games using this functionality are in development.
Smash Brothers.
I thought that, well not cross system.
I didn't think that the Wii U had an online portion for Disney Infinity.
Because I know they were, I think maybe it was limited to two players only.
But I thought that that was something that was taken out of.
I can't speak first hand because I haven't played Disney Infinity.
Maybe I'm thinking the Wii version.
I'm not aware of that.
I think you're thinking of either the regular Wii version.
But I think the Wii U is comparable to the other systems.
So I don't think that's, maybe somebody in chat knows.
Well it's nice that different consoles play together.
I wish it was kind of like that for everything.
Instead of this nonsense that we have going on now.
It's a little weird to me that Microsoft won't allow it.
Because what is one of the big features that they're touting on the Xbox One that has nothing to do with video games?
Anybody?
TV, TV, TV, TV.
What do you do when you watch TV?
You can.
TV.
What can you do by moving your hand?
You can.
Anyone?
Anyone?
You can Skype.
Flip off the characters.
That's it.
Skype.
But isn't Skype cross platform by default?
I can Skype on my iPhone.
I can Skype on my computer.
So why is Skype okay?
Is it because it's a Microsoft product?
I don't know.
Why is Skype okay when all this other stuff isn't?
Microsoft bought Skype.
It is now.
Obviously it didn't start as one for a long time.
It's touting Skype.
Oh you can Skype your other Xbox One playing, owning individuals.
Well that's just the same voice and video chat they've already had on their network.
If you go to Skype.com you have that whole Metro look.
And to go on yet another tangent away from what the story was supposed to be about, but
I can't help myself, Skype, very controversial patch coming soon to Skype.
And the 6.1 patch that's due out in December, they are going to block third party apps.
And this is very controversial because many people record their podcasts over Skype using
a program like Call Graph.
We actually did Hoard House with that for a while.
Or Pamela I think one is called.
There's all these different programs people use in Skype to do their podcasts.
They're going to be screwed because Skype is disabling access to this.
Oh I kind of figured you would have meant things like there's a lot of instant messaging
apps that can use Skype for text messaging but not voice and video calls.
Yeah so it's a very controversial thing going into effect.
Thank you Xbox One.
It won't affect this show or Hoard House because we don't do it that way.
Even though Hoard House is done over Skype, everything.
I have a sound card that supports a native recording of what you hear.
And so if you are a podcaster out there wondering like shit, shit, what am I going to do?
Shit.
I really urge you to look for a Sound Blaster brand card that has a feature in it called
What You, the letter you, hear.
And it's made recording for this show so much easier.
And I think if you're willing to drop the 40 bucks on like an external sound card it'll
save you a lot of trouble too.
If it's in your budget.
I know it's not in everybody's budget but yeah.
We've been using the same, just to put it in perspective, we've been using the same
sound card for OLR since 2002.
We moved the sound card from computer to computer.
My old laptop had all that too.
That's actually how I used to record BBC Radio 1.
I'd record interviews off of that.
Nice.
Very nice.
So yeah Nintendo cross play.
No, it's a good thing.
And you know who does Nintendo best?
Nintendo.
So I'm looking forward to seeing what they do with this.
And I think Smash Brothers seems like the obvious candidate.
What's going to be that synergy between the 3DS and the Wii U version that we don't know
about yet.
There's definitely going to be something there.
What is it?
Don't know yet.
We'll find out.
I still, there's that part of me, tin foil hat mode, going a very similar direction to
what Loki's saying is that, oh well, soon you're going to be able to play 3DS games
on the Wii U.
I kind of think, because we got the 2DS this year, which you know, it's a thing.
It's a new system.
Did I tell you I played one of those this week?
I don't think I did.
One of my friends has a 2DS and I played the 2DS this week.
It feels nice.
It has a good ergo to it.
Anyway.
Next year we ought to be due for some type of new handheld out of Nintendo, right?
I mean, even though we don't need one per se, that isn't going to stop them from making
one.
What if they make some type of 3DS that can double as, wait for it, a Wii U touchpad?
Because there's all the outcry out there for, how can I buy a second touchpad?
How can I do it?
What if the second touchpad is a 3DS?
We also need something in the portable consoles that supports the Nintendo network.
Why not?
Because the 3DS still does friend codes.
Ooh.
Uh, yes, but at least it's a universal friend code.
True.
Yeah.
I mean, the system's a hell of a lot better than the original DS.
It's just the fact that we haven't seen it in a firmware update yet.
Obviously we still can in the next year.
But especially for Smash Brothers and what they want to continue to do down the road,
their portable system needs to come in line and start supporting these same things that
the Wii U does.
Code Man in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Rob, is the screens too small?
It doesn't have to be.
And I'm not saying they're going to make this giant 3DS that's as big as one of those touchpads.
What has to be the same?
The resolution has to be the same, not the size.
So it's very possible that that could happen.
I'm tinfoil-hatting and making shit up, admittedly.
Why not?
It's rumor week on OLR because it's that week in gaming news, so there you go.
It's rumor week.
That's right, rumors.
Some other podcasters in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com with some advice for people
that are going to get screwed with the Skype changes.
Rama says, use a USB mixer and audition for podcasting.
Black Wolf says, I use two sound cards.
So there's other ways to do it.
Alrighty, let's move on with some more news.
DarkSakura.
Well, in other news, there is a day one patch for the PS4 that's 300 megabytes and it's
adding some interesting things.
It's going to add in the remote play, which means that the titles will be displayed on
the TV and you can use the Vita to connect to them.
The second screen, basically, the Vita.
You can record, take screenshots, upload different videos that you've taken.
You can watch other people play games.
You need Twitch mode.
You can play as you download.
You have multiple logins up to four people.
Voice chat, you have facial recognition and voice commands.
This is if you have the camera.
Background music player, online multiplayer and the Blu Ray and DVD player.
So they're basically going, oops, all this stuff.
Here you go.
So, I mean, I see no reason to be upset about that, except that, you know, I mean, 300 megabytes
isn't really that big.
It's just basically saying, oh, we have this functionality.
Now we're unlocking it.
There you go.
Have fun.
Party.
Literally.
Because we have party mode.
You can talk to your friends and call them assholes.
The only thing I see a problem with it is just the whole Blu Ray DVD playback thing
in there.
That's my only thing.
Because if you don't have any internet and you weren't ever planning on playing on the
internet, all the other features like, you know, streaming video and doing all that stuff,
you probably don't give a shit about because who cares if I can download a title and play
part of the way.
I don't have internet, so it doesn't matter to me.
So that's the only thing that's kind of lame about that.
But yeah, a lot of people nowadays have internet, so they could probably download it one way
or another.
As long as I think, as long as they support, like, being able to download that off of a
storage device or something like that, so you can go to your friend's house, download
it onto a USB stick and pop it into your PS4 or something like that, like you can right
now with the PlayStation 3, then that might not be so bad if someone doesn't actually
have internet, then they could just go somewhere else and get it.
But, you know, if it's like the Xbox 360 or something, you know, usually you can't do that.
You have to burn a disc or something.
There is a part of me, sorry, Jamie, there is a part of me that wonders like, well, those
poor people that are going to buy this system mostly for the Blu-ray playback are going
to get screwed because, you know, they can't connect to the internet.
But then I go, well, wait a minute, when those people just get a PlayStation 3 because they're
still on the market and they're going to be cheaper, like these early adopters, I've got
to be techie people in the first place, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think this news is super bad or, you know, it's, unfortunately, it's not
out of character at this day and age.
And let's, you know, to be fair, at least the update's a lot smaller than the Wii U
one, 300 megs.
I mean, fuck, that's half the size of the DLC for, you know, Saints Row IV and you're
getting way more replay value out of that.
Not to even mention that there are cheaper Blu-ray players on a PS3 nowadays.
That's very true.
It's kind of funny, the direction that we're going soon, Geek Squad is going to start having
console, console, console installation, professional services for, oh, your system doesn't turn
on and plug in and press play.
Now we have to get all this stuff set up upfront.
Jason, I'm sure they already do that.
Like if you were to ask them those types of questions at Best Buy, like, you know, how
could I switch between my Xbox and my PlayStation or whatever, I'm sure Geek Squad will be happy
to come out there and hook it all up for you.
I always have to wave off that stupid $3 disc insurance thing whenever I buy a game.
Or grandma, you know, I want to set up Netflix on the Wii for my kid and they literally don't
know how to do it because, you know, I could see where there's a small market for that.
Yeah, Ranma says they do that now.
I had a feeling.
But there's a few other things with this.
One thing that will not be available at launch is the suspend resume mode that's supposed to
basically use the low power state and take you back into your game, but they said there's
more to come on that in the future.
There's also a PlayStation app that's going to be out on November 13th in North America
and the 22nd of November in Europe.
Can we at least have it where when people are talking, especially companies are talking
about features that they're going to have in their system, that they fucking come out with
the goddamn system and say, yeah, we're going to have this really cool low power mode that's
really awesome.
Oh, fuck it.
It's not coming out at launch.
Oh, hey, we're going to have this Internet browser with this brand new up.
No, fuck it.
It's not going to be ready.
You know, seriously, don't advertise features you're not going to fucking have day one.
That's it.
I mean, it's just like, hey, I bought this car.
I heard all these great things about the wheels it has.
Oh, fuck.
It doesn't have wheels.
Damn.
No, we can't have that.
And we will continue to not have that for the foreseeable decades.
I, you know, without evolving on yet another tangent, this is one of those things that
there's very much an argument to, um, the success of valve in the sense that they don't
tout everything until it's there.
Valve has not said a word about half-life three.
We know nothing of what half-life three will be.
If and when it finally gets here, it's, you know, there's no, there's no expectations
other than it's gotta be better than the second game and there's a good chance that that's
going to happen.
Is valve a publicly traded company?
That was going to be my second argument is that no valve is valve is not publicly held.
That's why valve can do what they're doing.
Yeah.
That's, that's absolutely true.
If you don't, if you don't meet your investors' earnings, if you don't, you know, pump up
your pump, uh, pump your ego in your product for investors, your stock goes down and takes
everything else of your value with it.
Um, it's all, it's, it's a really, really tangled web because at the same time, more
often than not company stocks sync during news announcements, or at least maybe the
most popular ones like Amazon, Apple, and possibly also Microsoft.
Um, but that's not an uncommon trend, which seems to say, why do we even bother going
through this media hype only to have bad news once we get to the end of it?
All right.
Well, is that it, Darsana, or do you have more?
No, I actually had more to say about the app, but, um, yeah, I didn't get it out.
It's tangenty tonight.
Yeah, I know.
Um, the app itself, what it's supposed to do is it lets you access the PlayStation network,
your friends list, your trophies, but it also has to act as a second screen for games that
support it.
So I wanted to get that out.
Awesome.
For people who don't know.
I just hope the servers don't all get hammered the first day and the damn thing takes forever
to download.
Like what happened on Wii U.
Are you being prophetic?
Well, just saying they will.
I'm sure they will.
You just jinxed them, Rob.
Thank you.
Thanks, Rob.
This is no, this is, this is like one of the first rules of the internet is this stuff
always happens.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here's here.
If you catch now on their website, download it to the fucking thumb drive.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That would be a great idea.
Actually.
It's like, Hey, we know our servers are probably gonna get hammered at launch.
Hey, you want to take, you want to be a little bit, a bit torrent, put a bit torrent out
there.
Then they, then it won't even be on their servers, but I guess that's, yeah, I'm just
saying, I'm just, you, you could, that's a little too controversial for them, but then
hackers would tear that shit apart if they're going to tear it apart anyways, what are they
going to do with it?
It's just going to take them five minutes longer, figure out that much faster, how to
install Linux on it.
I guess they've already done it to the toaster, so don't get me started to register participation
for this week's episode of orange launch radio at vog network.com.
Use the passphrase saw, um, okay.
So a little bit more about the PlayStation for, um, there was some details coming out
about the digital games and some of the benefits you get with PlayStation plus, for example,
digital games, you can actually share your account with a couple, two consoles.
So you have one console that you deem your primary console that kind of operates the
way I see is similar to like, um, I think how your PlayStation three works right now,
where you download stuff to it and it will play with, you know, pretty much anybody that's
logged in will have access to that DLC or the game or whatever.
Um, also, um, remote play will be available through the Vita and you'll be able to, I
guess, purchase and preorder content via the PlayStation app for that console and that
type of stuff.
You can also, um, use two systems concurrently.
So the system activated is your primary PS4 and one other system that you're logged into.
So that to me sounds like if I get grand theft out of five for the PlayStation four
or something like that or whatever, and I have the digital download for like, you know,
I downloaded to my system and then I have a second PS4, my friend has a PS4 and I log
into their system that I can play two players with the same game or is they only gonna allow
one person to play at a time?
It doesn't really specify.
I think it's very, that what the Xbox 360 does right now is almost the exact same rules,
sort of locally, not across systems.
If everybody's in the same household, you can have those, those guests accounts, which
are the same gamer tag with the one, two, three appended to it.
I think that's what you're thinking of, but certainly not across two consoles in different
locations.
No, it sounds like, well, I mean, it sounds similar to what I think.
Didn't you guys have to do something like that with Mass Effect or something where you'd
play on one console and log in, you know, with the other person's thing.
I don't know.
They've kind of done this right now, I wanna say with, cause remember they used to have
it where you could authorize like a few accounts and the whole thing, or a few different systems
to use your data, your DLC or whatever with, just because, you know, oh well, what if,
you know, my system crashes and I need a new system and I need to authorize it so they
have the file.
And you would have actually, um, people exploiting that to, okay, I buy a copy of a game and
I'm gonna share it with four of my friends.
So they started limiting that down to, I think now it's down to two and I think that's what
they have here.
So you could exploit that, but I don't think it's meant for that.
It's more of like, you know, I'm going to my friend's house or something.
Yeah.
It's more like you are going to go to your friends and play one game, but your little
brother is still at home playing your PlayStation four.
Like it's more like that kind of situation, right?
I think so.
Two is pretty reasonable.
Yeah.
I think that's how it's supposed to be.
Uh, oh, here we go.
It says, uh, let's see, cause they have like an infographic for it and it says only, only
you can start games you download.
Only you can enjoy benefits from PlayStation plus and then, uh, systems that are not activated
as your primary.
And then, uh, that graphic is clear as bud.
Yeah.
I don't understand what the fuck they're talking about.
A system that is activated is primary.
Uh, yeah, you, you have, don't get it.
I think that's, yeah, I think I had it right.
You had it right.
You can, you with your account, with your PlayStation network account can download things
to the console.
As soon as it's on the console, anybody else can take advantage of that locally.
Nobody else can start a download using your account.
It's it's, it's pretty expected.
Uh, some other random details that were, um, released, I guess that the PlayStation four
and Xbox one both support up to eight people in party chat.
Now here's my questions.
How many does the Xbox three 60 support now in party chat?
Because I think it's quite a few people.
I think eight.
You think six?
I thought it was only six.
I seem to remember it's a full game limited to four plus just two more could be wrong.
It's been forever since I've used that because I don't know, because I know I've had a lot
of people in party chat before, but I don't remember.
I haven't really counted.
There's no, it worked.
So it'd be interesting.
Hopefully it's the same or more, you know?
Um, yeah.
And he said, party voice chat will support eight players like on places where like from
support that xbox.com a party can contain up to eight people.
Once the maximum attendance is reached, someone must leave the party before another person
can join.
That's the GTFO our party right now.
We want someone cool.
Get out.
We have no cake for you.
I was gonna say like eight seems right because like, isn't like a Forza horizon match, like
eight people and like a lot of xbox live stuff is like eight people I think.
So anyway.
All right.
That's it.
All right.
Well, moving on to some more news, uh, news about a game called bravely default for the
sequel.
Uh, bravely default for the sequel is going to be coming out on the three D S and uh,
it's going to have a new system in it known as bravely second, uh, bravely default for
the sequel is kind of like a cutesy little like role playing ish type of game.
Um, bravely second will, uh, have, you know, time stopping antics, which, you know, we're
in the original game, uh, but it relies on what's called SP your special power.
Uh, once you use this power, your SP decreases.
You can gain SP when you put your three D S and sleep mode, but it's a little bit slow.
It's like regening Nana and ever quest.
It's very, very slow.
One SP point is added for every eight hours of idle time.
But guess what?
If you don't want to wait, you can buy potions on the three D S E shop that refill your SP.
I've seen that model before on a Facebook game.
Yuck.
Well, we keep telling them they need to learn the internet, so we're better to turn to not
the place to do.
I don't think this is actually a Nintendo game.
However, um, we don't know, uh, producer Tomoya as Sano, uh, assures fans that this will be
a good thing.
Oh, of course.
Quote, bravely second, isn't a demerit, but a system that gives players an advantage.
It's convenient and it's very powerful.
So in other words, it's for people that want to cheat, I guess is what I'm reading in that.
And so if you want to like, you can buy cheats essentially.
This game is out in Japan in December.
Um, I don't know if it's coming out here.
I haven't heard anything about it.
I'm trying to see bravely default Western release includes updated for the sequel.
We had the, we had the first one.
So bravery default.
I'm switching my internal clock to make it look like it's a day later.
Oh, look, there's all my energy back.
Yeah.
I wonder if people would be able to time travel and trick the trick, the thing that way.
Another article on the site says that it's going to be out in North America in 2014.
Oh, thank you.
I didn't play the first one.
I gotta be honest, but I did hear about it and you know, some people seem to enjoy it.
So I really hope that this is something that truly, not just cause the dude says it is
truly is not like has no impact on the game.
If I were to not use it, like in other words, I could still beat the game start to finish
without too much hassle without even touching this stuff.
Cause that would just be, that would just be shitty.
I don't really have another word for it.
One point for every eight hours though, on any scale of any RPG I've ever played, that's,
that's ludicrously small.
And like you would, you know, let, let's assume something's 15 points.
That's what, four days of idle before you recharge that.
It's ridiculous.
Shane's telling me we haven't had the first one, but I'm looking at it right here on Amazon
for sale or is this an import Japanese?
I got fooled has a really pretty art.
So you know, somebody that imported it and I guess so as if there's not plenty of people
around this table, that's ever done something like that for a game before 2d X.
All right.
Uh, let's move on before we get to release date.
Start Sakura.
Um, we have, uh, remember last week we talked about, was it last week?
I think that, um, Nintendo wasn't going to be making Wii for Japan anymore.
This is Wii, not the Wii U.
Well, it's already been confirmed as well for Europe.
Um, they are going to be producing no more for the European markets and, um, Nintendo
of UK said that the consumers who don't own a Wii can still buy a Wii mini.
That's the lower price point that has a bunch of the stuff missing.
Um, it's all using a DLC, sorry, it's only disc based games and no deals, uh, no download
titles and no backwards compatibility.
Um, but, uh, no word for the U S yet.
There was a second body type for the Wii.
Yeah, it was the Wii mini.
It was crap.
It, there is no internet connection cause it doesn't have a wifi, anything in it.
There was no HD out on it.
Um, and it's funny cause it has all these channels and stuff on there, but you can't
really do anything with it because there's no internet.
You can't download the virtual console stuff.
Yeah, they shut off all the, a lot of the channels now.
Yeah.
Did that actually come out stateside?
No GameCube backwards compatibility in Canada.
I don't know if the mini ever did, Canada.
Canada got the red one, of course, but, uh, I don't think it ever came out in the U S.
I missed all of this news.
It's just crap.
Just, I mean, seriously, if you're going to save money on a Wii, buy a used Wii.
It's you know, why bother wasting money on a brand new piece of shit that doesn't do
anything?
I don't know.
The Wii does have a huge game library though for people that, you know, might want to get
one for a younger person.
You know, entry level gaming console or whatever.
And really the Wii was only a good for me for one thing and that was, you know, weather
and we news and I can't do that anymore because the news channel doesn't work.
I checked that every, no it's funny that you mentioned that because I kind of liked those
channels for a very long time.
There's always something wrong with the news channel and uh, yeah, I don't know.
I found easier source, Oh no, I know what happened.
I found an iPhone and then having to go back to a console on my TV was not exactly as important
or convenient anymore.
I just can't believe that I waited in line for that, except that I hung out with Kristen
the whole time and it was pretty fun and we got donuts.
It was alright in the beginning, I don't know, Excite Truck was awesome.
You're still mad about Excite Bots.
I am furious about Excite Bots.
Seriously, who in the, who on the face of the earth thought, hey let's put a mini game
in the middle of a fucking race and that's a great idea.
I don't want to punch them in the goddamn face.
Like for some reason it's become like a trend on Twitter lately to really hate on the Twilight
Princess as part of the Zelda series, but I mean that game was like the shit when it
first came out on the Nintendo Wii.
I mean just kind of what it, what it did and then I named my cat after and kind of like,
you know what that brought to the table for gaming in general.
Um, so I guess, you know, now if you go back and play it now, it's a little bit like, Oh,
this is very linear, but I mean it was great at the time.
Yeah, the Wii, the Wii brought a lot of great games.
Come on.
All right, let's move on.
We've got to travel around the world and check out some release dates and what's coming out
near you soon.
Yes.
So this week, uh, actually a lot of games, but in no particular order here, Monster High
13 Wishes for girls on the Wii, Wii U, 3DS and DS.
They're also doing some collections of games, X-Com and Civ 5, the 2K definitive strategy
collection on PC, Sonic Lost World on 3DS and Wii U, Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures,
the game that sort of resembles some of the 3D Sonic games and based on some new animated
TV series, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii and Wii U and 3DS I believe.
The game stick is finally coming out and no one cared.
The 2K power pack collection with Darkness 2, I think it, actually that might be the
first Darkness, the Darkness Mafia 2 and Bioshock, I have to make sure here, I can't read this.
Oh, Bioshock 2 Darkness 2 and Mafia 2, those are coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Battlefield 4 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC this week.
Angry Birds Star Wars on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Wii U, 3DS and Vita.
Beyblade Evolution on 3DS, Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
Wii U and actually no PC, that's coming out later because we can't get their release dates
coordinated for the PC versions.
WWE 2K14 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
What else here?
Transformers Ultimate Battle Edition re-release there, also Ultimate Autobots Edition and
there's one last one here, more Angry Birds, Doodle Jump for 3DS.
Yeah, 3DS and DS, Doodle Jump.
And then, oh, also I think on Friday, I think that's the first, Wii Remote, they're gonna
have a Wii Remote Plus for Luigi and Mario, you know, cause that's cool and all.
I wanted to add, this is kind of funny, cause I don't know if they even talk next gen release
dates yet, but Call of Duty Ghosts on all formats will be coming out on the 5th.
That's right, you can get Call of Duty Ghosts two weeks before the system that comes out
to play it on the Xbox One.
Doesn't this happen all the time?
No, it happens a few days, like, you know, it comes out on Friday and it releases on...
So when the Wii U came out, all the games were on shelves earlier, I remember that.
Yeah, they were out like, you know, maybe a few days before the system came out, maybe
a week.
But this is like two weeks, this is fucking stupid.
I gotcha.
Alright, let's take a look at Japan and what's coming out in Japan.
They're getting their releases on Halloween the 31st.
The FPS Pad 3 Strike Gear, I think that's actually an accessory, sorry that's not a
game.
But you can get a Mahjong game called Dankyu Battle 3, comes out this week on the Playstation
3.
Next to Tiara 2, Hau no Matsue comes out in a first print limited edition, if you're
so inclined.
And then Vampire Resurrection, just in time for Halloween, gets a price reduction.
So there you go on the Playstation 3.
On the Xbox 360, there is really nothing this week.
You can get that same little FPS Pad thing I talked about before, that's really it.
On the Playstation Vita this week, Gundam Breaker!
And there is also a new Slim model, because I believe those Vita Slims, those just came
out in Japan like a couple weeks ago, or one of them, right?
There's a Gundam Breaker Vita pack, if you're so inclined, so that's out.
Also Chuu Jiji-Gen GEMU Neptune Rebirth 1, in regular and limited edition, is out on
the Vita as well.
On the Wii U this week, yes there is some Wii U stuff in Japan this week, Wii Party
U is one of the big games coming out.
And then there's some stuff that's centered around, it looks like Wii Fit U, but is that
available for download on the 31st?
I don't remember how that whole thing was going down, like remember you could like download
it a month early or something?
Yeah, you're supposed to be able to download it a month early, and I know that next, not
next week, but the week after next, those stupid Wii Fit sensor things are supposed
to go on sale.
Because in Japan, you've got the Fit Meter is out this week, and the Balance Board covers
are out this week, so I'm like, there's a lot of activity around Wii Fit coming out
this week.
In fact, it looks like there's actually a Wii U set that comes with Wii Fit U that they're
releasing in Japan.
I'm trying to bring this up right now.
Oh yeah, looks like there's a new bundle in Japan that's 32 gigs, black Wii U, with Mario
Brothers U, Wii Party U, Wii Fit U, a Wii Mote, and the whole little like sensor bar
thing, and it comes with one of the little portable, what are those called, the sensors?
They look like Tamagotchis, for God's sake, they're little Wii U Tamagotchis, but it's
you.
That's straight up the pocket station right there.
Right?
So they've got a hefty little bundle there in Japan out this week.
So alright, let's see, also moving on to the Nintendo 3DS, Dan Ball Senki Wars is out this
week, and Chara Petsukute Sonatete, character Shogaku, comes out this week.
And that's just cute little animals including a pink panda who has hearts for ears.
Aw, that's adorable.
That's it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK darts, Sakura?
In the UK, we have on the 29th of October, WWE K14, on the 31st, Football Manager 2014
for PC and Mac, and Tokitori, excuse me, on November 1st, there's Angry Birds Star
Wars for damn near everything, and Angry Birds Star Wars 2 for damn near every console, Assassin's
Creed 4 Black Flag, Battlefield 4, Blur Overdrive for iPad and iPhone, and Wii Fit U.
That sounds kind of dirty.
I don't want to know about that anymore.
I'm done.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week,
but first, Loki.
Alright, so there's going to be a brand new Mario themed, I guess, deluxe bundle that's
going to be coming out for the Wii U.
Instead of Nintendo landing in there, they're kind of updating the whole skew with now New
Super Mario Brothers U and the DLC New Luigi, or New Super Luigi U, so you'll be able to
get that for $2.99 this holiday, starting, I believe, at the end of next week, so it'll
be pretty fast.
And then also, even though it is leaving shelves in a couple other regions, the Wii will still
be around in the US, and basically the announcement of the Wii console being discontinued is specific
to Japan, and well, now Europe.
There's no change of status in the Wii in the United States, and is available for purchase
this holiday season.
Of course, you know, gotta clear out those shelves, because they probably still stock
over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Alright, in some other bundle related news, this is something that's happening in Japan,
but Metal Gear Rising will be getting like a Playstation 3 special edition.
It's a DLC bundled Playstation 3 re-release that's going to come out later this year for
Metal Gear Rising, and it's the Re-Vengeance special edition.
It will have Blade Wolf and Jetstream DLC packs, 30 VR missions, 5 alternate costumes,
and a custom Playstation 3 theme.
You can check all that out on December 5th, and it's also going to be available as a download
on Playstation Network, as most of the game releases are.
Don't know yet if this is coming out stateside.
This is only confirmed for Japan as of right now.
Speaking of Playstation, I have another quick story.
This is about a whole little Playstation bundle.
This is interesting.
A Gran Turismo 6 bundle that's going to come out in Brazil.
It's an, I'm going to mispronounce this name, and I apologize because he passed away in
1994, but he was a very famous racer.
Ayrton Senna, I hope I didn't mispronounce that, I apologize if I did, but he's going
to be featured as part of this Gran Turismo 6 bundle that's coming out, and it's supposed
to actually kind of like help charity, which is pretty cool.
I'm assuming that part of the proceeds of the bundle actually go to the institute set
up in this guy's name that helps to educate, so that's pretty cool.
This is on December 6th.
This is coming out in Brazil.
Comes out with Gran Turismo 6, a 250 gigabyte Playstation 3, and one controller.
So that's very cool.
One other reason I bring this up is that, I don't know if you guys saw, but apparently
the Playstation 4 is going to cost oodles and oodles of money in Brazil.
Did you hear about that?
It's something like...
It kind of doesn't surprise me though.
Yeah, everything costs more over there.
Yeah, I know, but it's like on the scale of like $1500 or something like that when you
convert the money.
It's a really high price, so I bet there will be people that just somehow get one from the
US or another place and import them for way less.
But it's taxes is what the thing is.
Taxes that really affect the prices, not that they're marketing it up.
People will get them illegally.
Alright, let's travel back to a time when Gran Turismo 5 wasn't even out.
Heck, I don't even think the original Gran Turismo was out.
In fact, some people would still agree that Gran Turismo 5 is not out yet.
That's the joke I was trying to make unsuccessfully.
But it's time for Dark Sakura to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she
thinks, hey, you should like play this now and stuff.
You're going to roll your eyes.
I'm totally going to roll my eyes at this week's...
But I did it for you and I did it for Shane.
Don't do anything for Shane.
That was the first mistake.
I am doing something for Shane so that he will help me level.
You're only making him stronger.
That's right.
Shane is horrible power stronger.
Shane, don't listen to them.
You have good taste in music.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
It's Pokemon Red and Blue.
Don't laugh.
These aren't classic.
Don't judge me.
You're totally judging me right now.
Maybe a little bit.
Anyway, so anyway, this was developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game
Boy and this came out in 1996.
Actually in Japan they came out as Red and Green and Blue was released as a special edition.
Then they were released as Red and Blue in North America, Europe and Australia over the
next three years.
Pokemon Yellow is a special version that was basically like, hi, here's Pikachu.
Both have been remade, by the way, as Pokemon FireRed and LeafGreen that came out in 2004.
So basically, overhead perspective, you go through the fictional area of Kanto and you
basically abuse your poor little animals and make Pita cry.
I'm kidding because that was a fake.
But you basically pit your animals against each other and see who is the greatest.
Of course, you know, I love how in Japan the game was more marketed as with the adventure
and everything.
And yeah, the collection thing was a part of it, but it's like blatant commercialism
out here.
Gotta catch them all!
Like rabies or something.
I don't know.
So anyway, you have to fight the different gym leaders and you collect badges and you
beat the game like a bat.
So, other things about this game is that you have a little thing in there called the Pokedex.
And basically for the first game you had 150 available Pokemon and you could keep track
of all of them that you catch in your Pokedex and you still had to deal with Team Rocket.
You could also use your game link cable to connect your games together and let you trade
and battle between games, which my husband and I did quite a bit.
I believe Dan played Red and I played Blue.
Then there was the 151st Pokemon Mew that you could only get through official distribution
by Nintendo or by a glitch and I won't say anything about getting it that way cause I
got it.
And Nintendo please come to your house right now.
Whatever, they're a little late.
So yeah, basically IGN ranked it as one of the top 100 games of all time.
And in 2009 it was in the Guinness Book of World Records as best selling RPG on Game
Boy and best selling RPG on Time.
So basically you have the third person overhead view but when you're in your battles it switches
to a behind the back of your whatever Pokemon that you're playing and you can train them
out.
You have up to six.
You cannot teach, you know, Pokemon who would, who have wings, you have to teach them how
to fly.
I mean, really, what's up with that?
You get experience, you level them up.
You also can get some of the most useless piece of crap Pokemon ever like Magikarp.
But Magikarp turns into Gyarados and I have gone through the entire game with Gyarados
and I haven't eaten anything else.
The first time I got, did that whole wonder trade on Pokemon X and Y, somebody sent me
a fucking Magikarp.
But of course it was Japanese Magikarp so that made it a little cooler.
Mmhmm.
Oh Rob.
Anyway, as far as other elements in the game, you do also have the capturing aspect, gotta
catch them all, where you can find Pokemon in the wild and you can put them into a life
of eternal servitude living in little balls for the rest of their existence.
They're like little animal genies.
Little animal genies.
They come out and do cage fighting for you.
Yeah.
And to also say something about something that was mentioned in the last game, Pikachu
is the breed, not it's name.
It's like calling your dog, dog.
Calling your cat, cat.
I had a cat named Mr. Cat, that was a little bit more respectful.
It'd be like saying Pikachu son.
So anyway, there have been other versions, of course.
There were Gold, Silver, and Crystal, that was a second generation.
And using the transfer pack on Nintendo 64, you could actually use items from your Red
and Blue in Pokemon Stadium and Pokemon Stadium 2.
However, they were not compatible with the advanced generation.
Which I actually had Pokemon Stadium, but I kind of didn't play it much.
Really the best part about Pokemon Stadium was like, just watching your Pokemon come
out and do their little poses and then it got boring.
I love seeing through.
Anyway, I'm looking over the shoulder.
So the setting of the game takes place in Kanto.
And it's got different habitats for the different Pokemon, different towns and cities, and roots
that connect them all to each other.
And you can get some of them only by fishing.
You can get stuff like the Zubat only in the cave.
So you're sent out by Professor Oak, who lets you pick one and then you are in a rivalry
with Oak's grandson.
And what was his name, Gary?
Because I remember the character in Japan was actually named after Miyamoto, his name
was Shigeru.
So there's also a rumor that we were supposed to get a version of, that there had been an
intention to do a version of Green that had a female trainer.
But that's still on the rumor mill.
Anyway, you can start off with Bulbasaur, Squirtle, or Charmander.
And yeah, my first game playthrough is Bulbasaur.
Every other time I've ever, you know, I switched to red and was like Charmander all the way
because I didn't care.
But my first playthrough was with Bulbasaur.
And basically you eventually have to fight the Elite Four and the new champion who is
boom, your rival.
So you have to kick their ass.
So the whole concept of Pokemon started, and I don't know how many people know about this,
that the designer Satoshi Tajiri was an insect collector.
And so basically he wanted to give that same feeling of discovery, of capture, of collection
like that, of live specimens into a game that people could play at any time.
You wouldn't necessarily have to live out in the country for it.
He was noticing that kids played more in their homes instead of outside.
So he wanted to sort of give people the feeling of being able to grow up in the outside environment.
And like I said, that sense of discovery.
He also did not want to make games that had more, as he said, pointless violence, even
though he's having animals fight each other.
So basically, that was the other one I was trying to remember, is that the character
that you play at is named Satoshi after himself.
And of course his rival is Shikaru after Miyamoto.
So there's so much more about this, a lot of history that went into the production of
the game.
They even made some different audio advancements by using different sounds in the processor
to create a snare sound using basically a white noise filter in the Game Boy, creating
the animal sounds by using, the Pokemon sounds by using the, basically making it a very short
chiptune.
It was supposed to be originally called Capsule Monster, but there was a trademark issue,
they were going to call it Capamon, and basically they went to Pocket Monster, so it's Pokemon.
And it was basically rejected over and over by Nintendo until Miyamoto came out with the
golden way of making it work.
So that's why we have it.
So that's, I'm not going to go into a lot more of the detail, because really there is
a whole hell of a lot about this game, but if you haven't played the original, I think
you're kind of missing out.
Even if you're not a big fan of Pokemon at all today, if you don't care about the new
ones, I think that if anyone wants a good rounded off classic gaming background, Pokemon
should be in it.
So that's my final word.
Alright there it is, your classic game of the week, or games of the week, Pokemon Red
and Pokemon Blue.
And you can add yellow into it because it was the same gen.
I was going to say, my first Pokemon game was yellow, so it was the same gen.
I got the see-through off-purple Game Boy color and Pokemon Yellow.
Yeah, it was because of the damn anime that I loved Pokemon.
You know, I had the Japanese theme song memorized for years, and I actually have, you know how
you used to buy singles in those square cases with the little tiny disc inside?
I actually have the Nyasu sings.
Nice.
Nyasu is Meowth.
So it also has the full Team Rocket song on it.
I squeed in the new Pokemon X and Y when wild Pikachus were showing up in the second zone
you're in.
I was like, yes, that's the Pokemon I want to capture, you know, that's the right call.
And also, just to say, one of Shermie's nicknames was Caterpie.
Just saying.
It is pretty crazy to think that the games Red and Blue predated the anime.
Yeah, I know, right?
At least in Japan.
I don't remember about America.
I think that the games, I think that it was more of a simultaneous thing over here.
Yeah, it was more of a simultaneous thing.
Because the anime had already been out forever.
And for the record, the Porygon episode totally did not make me have a seizure.
Just saying.
All right, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
When we come back, there's plenty more OLR to come, including rapid fire news, more emails.
I know we had one at the top of the show.
We got more to come.
Fugu question of the week and plenty, plenty more.
Your calls as well.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll be back, though, after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this Sunday night with episode number 525 of our show.
That's a palindrome.
And it's a multiple of 25.
So therefore, it's an event episode tonight.
Woohoo!
Well, it's always an event when the awesome Jason is here with us, as he can't join us
all the time.
Just in a while, he's in San Francisco for work and drives up the road to come say hi.
Because 22 hours to San Francisco in the first place wasn't enough.
Had to do the extra two hours up to Sacramento.
Do you wave the first time through?
I was thinking of making a surprise stop in here because I was ... I don't remember if
I was in Sacramento city limits or at least around the downtown area when the show started
or if it was just after.
And I probably should have, considering that I proceeded to take about four hours because
of the traffic in just South Sacramento, plus the traffic in Berkeley, plus the traffic
in downtown.
You drove in during the BART strike.
Congrats.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was not a very nice end to two days' worth of driving.
I bet.
Oh my gosh.
So you drove here all the way from Colorado where you live.
So do you drive nonstop and go over and sleep or where do you stop?
I could do it because it's about 20, 21 hours.
In this case, I left just before noon on Saturday.
Drove out to Nevada, stayed in Elko, Nevada.
Very tall, very small town.
About central Nevada.
And then continued the rest of the way.
The next day I pulled into the parking lot, nine o'clock local, I think.
Yeah.
I was going to say, you have to account for all that traffic.
So much of it too.
It would have been much more, much funner and more glorious to at least spend part A
down here.
But, oh well.
Whatever.
All right.
Well, let's get back into some gaming news, you guys.
Jason's with us to talk about whatever he wants with the gaming news and say his opinion.
Then you guys can share your opinions as well.
You can either do that live with us tonight, live.vognetwork.com if you're listening to
us on this Sunday night.
Or, of course, if you're listening to us on the podcast, you can always tweet at us at
OLR.
Or you can email us, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Let's check out some rapid fire news and quickly talk about a few things here.
Okay.
Yes.
So, since there really hasn't been too much going on with Minecraft on the Xbox 360 as
far as updates go, they have been putting out some skin packs to reskin the whole look
of Minecraft and sometimes include free levels and stuff.
They have another one coming out though for Halloween.
It kind of reskins everything, makes another nice and green and everything very Halloween-y.
And the price of that?
Free.
So, I think you can afford that.
So, go check it out if you haven't yet.
And also, creepers are nice and ghostly white now.
So, that's kind of fun.
And the Slenderman's about.
Ah, yes.
I'm assuming that they've redone the Enderman then to make him look like the Slenderman.
Very clever, I guess.
All right.
And then, on top of that, Grand Theft Auto, since I love talking about Grand Theft Auto.
Few things going on there.
There's some updates in November.
Some of the stuff that they were originally going to put out at launch for online, it's
been kind of delayed a little bit, including the stimulus package that's not coming out
now, which was supposed to have been last week, the first quarter million dollar payment.
It's going to be next week, I think, or maybe even beyond that.
The Beach Bum pack is something that they're going to put out.
It's the first piece of DLC that's going to be free, and it's going to add some weapons
and vehicles to the game, as well as clothing items, and that's both online and single player.
And then also, of course, the content creator for a deathmatch and races is going to be
available as well in November.
And so, you'll be able to create your own deathmatches and deathmatch arenas and races
in the game, which I think is going to be pretty awesome when we get to do that.
And last but not least, it's been leaked out that there is a new kind of zombie mode in
the game of Call of Duty Ghosts, except now, instead of zombies, it's extinction, and extinction
has to do with aliens, so you're fighting off aliens instead of zombies.
And they're going to have the different type of stuff to go along with that as well.
So, interesting.
I guess we'll learn more about that pretty soon, since the game comes out in two weeks.
Or you can always get your PlayStation 4 one early and just look at the box and think about
that alien mode, right?
Yeah, or the Xbox One.
You have extra time to contemplate that alien mode.
That's right.
You just sit there and think about it.
Killer Instinct, some more news coming out about that.
In fact, I've seen some footage coming out of those Xbox One preview events of Killer
Instinct.
It looks nice, but I got to admit, I'm not super duper excited about it.
I was hoping I'd be more excited about a new Killer Instinct, but whatever.
Don't let little old me get you in a bad mood about Killer Instinct, because there are some
neat things with this, including a training mode that is going to be available in the
game.
Killer Instinct does have a training mode, and there's some detailed information, again,
coming out of the preview events there.
Apparently, the highest difficulty level in the game, when you're in training mode, you
can do very easy, of course, and hard and so forth, but the most difficult level is
something called Kyle.
It's apparently named on one of the development team's AI designers, who is insanely good
at the game.
So you can fight Kyle, who I guess works there and is really, really good at Killer Instinct.
I hate you, Kyle.
I hate you, Kyle.
I like that one.
The training dummy can also do combo breakers against you, and so forth.
So just different ways to kind of learn and play the game.
More detailed information floating around out there on the internet.
We talked earlier about Wii U Virtual Console.
We were kind of joking about Virtual Console releases, and I mentioned that the past few
haven't been very good, but the good news is you got a great one this week.
On Halloween, nonetheless, Super Castlevania IV is the Wii U release on Virtual Console
this week on Halloween.
Now, I already had that when it was on the Wii.
Speaking of games, I have in the box.
That's right.
So I can get this for a dollar if I want to get the Wii U Virtual Console version, which
I probably will.
You can come to my house and play it.
I can, but...
Dude, that would be awesome.
A Castlevania festival on Halloween.
But I can't...
See, what I can do in my house that I can't do at your house is play Castlevania IV on
the toilet.
I almost said it in the toilet.
On the toilet.
Technically, I have a way to do this.
I have extension cords and very small TVs.
I guess I really shouldn't challenge you, should I?
Alright.
I'll think of a way.
Remember, 90% of what I have done?
Motivated by spite.
Yes.
And porn.
Anyhow, that was one of, obviously, the best Super Nintendo games and best games in the
Castlevania series.
Not my absolute favorite in the Castlevania series, but for some people, it is their favorite.
And I will say this, killer soundtrack.
Some of the best.
Oh, yeah.
But, you know, in my esteem, nothing beats Dracula X.
Symphony of the Night.
I know it's cliche, but damn it.
So freaking good.
I would say of the traditional Castlevania games, Dracula X.
Dracula X is more like a bridge between those styles.
I still have a soft spot for Simon's Quest, which I think is the earliest kind of Metroidvania
style game.
What a terrible night for a curse.
Anyway.
But we're digressing again.
How about some rumors about other Mario universe characters that could possibly be playable
in Super Mario 3D World?
There's some speculation out there because of stamp collecting that occurs in Super Mario
3D World.
There's some icons that have been spotted where, hmm, this kind of looks like Rosalina,
who you might remember from Super Mario Galaxy.
So anyhow, there's some other stamps in the game that apparently feature her there, so
it's a little interesting that she's so featured in a game she's not supposed to be in.
So there could be some other characters actually playable in the game.
We don't know yet.
This is all totally off speculation, but of course, if you didn't already know, Super
Mario 3D World is going to already have Luigi, Mario, Princess, and Toad in the style of
their appearance in Super Mario 2, where Princess floats.
Luigi has flappy legs, and all that stuff.
You mean Doki Doki Panic the ROM hack?
Well, same thing.
It was a little more than a ROM hack, though.
I know, I stole that from Game Sack, but it was probably the best name for it I've ever
heard.
So that'd be pretty cool if there were some additional little hidden characters that they
add into it.
It'd be very interesting what they could do with that.
I'm just looking forward to Cat Mario myself.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
As stuff.
And things?
No, just stuff.
I have a site that won't load, so I'm skipping it.
And this is the very important news that everyone's been waiting for.
How to avoid Pokemon X and Y's game breaking bug.
First of all, you can download the patch, which is out.
The patch is out there on the 3BS eShop, and you just go there, update, blah blah blah,
you're done.
However, other ways around...
Did we finally breed?
I'm literally opening up the eShop right now.
I was like, oh shit, she's got a point.
I thought you were checking to see if we, um, if our machines...
No, our DS's do not want to mate today for some reason.
Here, I'll move you over there.
Very rude.
I even had mine hump yours, okay?
No.
Um...
Oh my.
Scandal.
Anyway, um, so the, um, other way that you could do that is that, like I said, Nintendo
had put out a map that showed where the bug could occur, and so it gave you areas that
you could save your game in and avoid the bug.
But now, um, with the, um, the fix that's come out, it also should correct any broken
game saves.
So wherever you saved, if you happen to have experienced this bug, if you haven't deleted
your save file, then, um, you should be fine.
It will be restored.
Just go to your eShop and download it.
In other news, um, oh god, I was just talking about Rival Schools a moment ago, too, um,
there is a, uh, some talk from, um, Hideaki Tsuno, um, who, uh, wants to create a Rival
Schools 3, and Rival Schools is probably, like, my all-time favorite number one fighting
game series ever in the world universe.
I love it.
I mean, I even like it better than all the Tekkens combined, and I really like me some
Tekken.
So, um, he was the past director of the Rival Schools series, and he did, um, recently did
Dragon's Dogma, and, um, he basically, you know, what was, uh, said about it is that
it was, it captured authentic fighting, um, as he said, basically, uh, Street Fighter
2 was his, um, inspiration.
So during an interview, he said, and this is with the Anime News Network, um, he said
that he was real, he would really like to make, um, any Rival Schools title, which honestly,
do it.
No hesitation.
Do it.
Bring back all the characters.
Put in some more.
You know, we haven't had all the sports, you know, done.
We need, we could have more hooligans.
Yeah.
We could, we could have more.
I was talking about this before the show with Rob, and I was saying that I really, really
miss Rival Schools Disc 2.
All of those minigames were incredibly fun.
Or, you know, you've had Sakura in the game now for two versions of it.
I mean, she was a hidden character in the first one, and officially in, um, well, you
know, I have the Evolution Disc that had, like, the dancing game and the dating sim
and all that in it.
I paid a hundred bucks for that sucker when I had money, and it's freaking awesome.
I'll have to, I'll have to show you some stuff on it, but, like, I got, like, Batsu asked
my character out, and it was all cool and cute, um, but, uh, there were, um, that's
the game that introduced the Taicho, the, the class president, and, uh, the photographer,
and, uh, dude who swims, why can't I remember his name, but, um, that's the game that introduced
a lot of those characters that were in Rival Schools 2, and then Rival Schools 2 brought
out my favorite of all time, Zaki, um, but, I mean, just think about it.
It's about time.
Why not?
Yeah, and I'm actually, now I'm done filling time for the story that wouldn't load.
Alright.
I can finish one off on that note.
My, you know, convinced, conventional popular still going fighting games I love, but either
Rival, Rival Schools or Bloody Roar are probably my two favorites from that era.
Bloody Roar was an interesting game.
It's very interesting.
Didn't they actually remake that in, like, the last couple years?
No.
I don't recall.
I'm just crazy.
You may be thinking of, uh, Beast Riser with the, I don't know why they call it Beast Riser.
That's just such a dumb name for it, but I think that's what they came out, I think
that was the Japanese name for it, because it had an arcade version of it.
My ad's a rip-off of Bloody Roar, and it's the same damn name.
At least it wasn't brutal Paul's a Fury, because that was kind of crap.
Alright, uh, before we get to the face, or the Fugu question of the week, we skipped
the story.
Yeah, I was like, did you need me to do that?
Because it wouldn't load on her iPad, right?
Yeah, it wouldn't load at all, which, basically anything that I ever get from that site won't
load.
Well, here we go.
Uh, this is important because it was in the intro, so we have to cover it.
Sorry, sorry.
No, that's fine.
It has been found, the ToeJam and Earl 3, Mission to Earth.
That's right.
Sega apparently made that for the Xbox, of course, but did you know that there was another
ToeJam and Earl 3 at one point that was being made for the Dreamcast?
Some footage is now online, and apparently the owner of the disc wants to have a fundraiser
to get the code online.
Now, it is unfinished, it was not a finished game, so the project was never completed,
but this would be the missing ToeJam and Earl game.
So it is not ToeJam and Earl Xbox, but it's ToeJam and Earl 3 Dreamcast.
Why not just do a Kickstarter to finish the game?
That would be pretty cool, but I imagine all these developers are in different, I mean,
this is coded what?
This would have been like 15 years ago.
Yeah, but how much of the code was done?
Well, I mean, we can see some gameplay here if I kind of start it up here and fast forward
just a little bit in the video.
ToeJam and Earl 3 back from the dead.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
I mean, definitely the usual Dreamcast pop-in, but...
Yeah.
Ahh, crazy cheerleader.
Um, so, uh, but I mean, depending on how much of it is done, if the assets are there, then
I would think it used to be a matter of finishing the maybe level layouts and that type of thing.
This sounds like a call for an actor.
Star gladiator!
Oh my god, IkumaJP, I love you forever, because Star Gladiator was awesome.
All right, now we can do the FUGL question of the week, yes?
I guess.
I guess.
All right, Dark Soccer is going to per-miss it at some point here, so here we go.
You take Facebook, you take Google Plus.
Per-miss.
Slam those words to give permission.
Per-mit.
Per-whatever.
It's ready to go home.
Facebook and Google Plus, slam them together and you get FUGL Plus, or we just call it
FUGL.
I'm going to read some of the answers here, and we had a lot of answers, you guys, over
on Facebook and Google Plus.
I can't read them all.
There is not enough time.
I'm going to read some of these, though.
And the question we asked this week, what is the scariest moment you've ever experienced
in a video game?
I mean, Halloween's next week, right?
So why not ask a question about scary games?
In spirit.
How about when I thought Aerith was going to come back to life?
That's a good answer.
There you go.
Okay.
Or mine would be in probably when I was playing Silent Hill 4, The Room, and I literally screamed
out loud and one of those baby face monsters came running at me and Loki was like, what
the hell are you doing?
It's back when we lived together.
You know, the only thing that creeped me out in that game was the giant head.
Oh, yeah.
And not me.
To just watch you.
All right.
Anyhow.
Well, let's see what the listeners have to say, Darzara.
Starting us off on Facebook, Gemit says, anything Slender Man or Outlast?
I can't believe I'm opening myself for Rob to razz.
Luckily, I already did that earlier in the show, and Gemit just joined chat, so he probably
missed it.
For the record, I officially look at it the same.
Did he?
What did he do?
Did he help you with something on Final Fantasy?
No, for admitting that you would razz.
Oh, this is true.
And being better than that.
Very true.
Let's see.
Going to some other answers.
Dead Rising says, after gathering like 30,000 pp and then trying to run to a save point
while killing zombies on my last health bar.
Scary.
I think that was Mike saying the game Dead Rising, because the 30,000 points.
Oh.
See, when somebody writes...
Thank you.
When they write their name like that, I'm like, is that what you want us to call you?
Okay.
He's definitely talking about Dead Rising the game.
I can say that with 100% certainty.
There you go.
It does involve zombies.
Let's see.
Some more answers here.
Scott W says, it always comes back to the dog crashing through the window in Resident
Evil.
Oh, my God.
I remember that.
It was so scary.
Strudels89 says, playing The Last of Us in the Dark with my husband.
Walking around a corner, thinking we're safe, then having two clickers jump out and rip
Joel's throat out.
I screamed so loud and threw my controller on the bed.
Catfury05 says, the first time I saw Pyramid Head in Silent Hill 2.
Still scares me to this day.
That was pretty creepy.
Mary B says, Fatal Frame.
We were in our apartment in the dark, having played for a couple hours.
As Pat said, they never attack on the stairs.
He was promptly attacked from above by one of those ghastly creatures, and I let out
a blood curdling scream.
Game controller was thrown, lights turned on, and we were done for the night.
That and all of Fatal Frame's freaking celerity ghosts.
Is that Mary Moo?
Yes, it is.
Oh, I love Mary.
That is your friend, Mary.
Let's see.
Ray responds and says, still being a kid and playing Friday the 13th on the NES.
That game was so bad.
No, that game was underrated.
It was good.
It was awful.
It was good for what it was.
There were better games, yes.
The Friday the 13th game was worse.
Alright.
Not Friday the 13th, the Nightmare on the Street game.
The blah blah.
Uh, let's see.
Eric D says, Resident Evil 2.
When you get to the jail cells in the basement and the dogs break out and start chasing you
down some dark hallways.
Man, that scared the crap out of me.
So there's another one for dogs in Resident Evil.
Let's see.
Justin M says, the opening of Half Life 2 was pretty unnerving.
As was the in-browser boogeyman movie tie-in game.
Scared the bejesus out of me freshman year of college.
K. Sera Sera says, I don't play a lot of scary games really, but the first one that
ever creeped me out was the first adventure game that I ever played, Sanitarium.
There was a level where you were exploring an abandoned mental hospital with remnants
of bodies laying around.
The combination of this gross empty hospital, the creepy music, and the main character's
inner monologue definitely left me creeped out.
So those are only some of the answers, and I'm sorry I didn't read them all, but those
are some of the answers from our Facebook page over at Facebook.com slash Orange Launch
Radio.
Please go read the rest, because there's some great answers involving, like, Oculus Rift
and some other stuff too, so check it out.
Going to Google Plus and reading some answers there.
The birthday boy, ActDeft, says, playing a version on PC.
It starts out sweet and nice, and then the game starts messing with you in really freaked
out ways.
I played and finished the game in one sitting, but I was alone in my house and it was getting
dark too, so I really got scared as I progressed through it.
And lastly, Colin M. says, the PC version of Slender freaked me out sometime between
finding the fifth and sixth pages.
My flashlight had burned out and I was basically running around in the dark before the Slender
Man caught me.
Yeah, Slender Man, super scary game.
I don't know, until you've played it so many times, you kind of start to figure out the
patterns and it's numbed a little bit, but still a really good experience.
IKUMA JP just made my heart leap.
There was a Ju-On game for Wii.
Was it really?
Are you serious?
And I need this in my life.
I didn't know.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
It was terrible.
What?
You said it was good.
Didn't you say that?
No, I remember that came out a few years ago.
No, you just said it was scary.
And I remember telling everybody about that multiple times, especially you.
Yeah, well, I don't remember that because I don't pay attention to the Wii.
It's been a while.
I need this in my life and I don't care how bad it is.
I played the Project Runway game on Wii, which was pretty bad, but it's just a thing.
You have to try it.
I remember a scary moment when I thought my save file got corrupted.
I remember another scary moment in games.
Actually I thought of one.
What was the Silent Hill on 360 called?
The first one.
Silent Hill Homecoming?
Yes, Homecoming.
Homecoming was good.
I played that.
With that kid.
And I was home by myself in the dark and it was raining outside.
And you know how like when you're in the hospital in the very beginning, like a body falls just
from the air duct or something, like it just falls down in front of you?
You go, let the bodies hit the...
Well, I screamed and jumped out of my chair.
And because it was storming outside, the front door blew open.
And I promptly, like you can even see, step one, ran, slammed the door.
Step two, closed off the Xbox without even saving.
Step three, ran into the bedroom and got into the covers and cried.
I didn't really cry.
At least you said it was the Xbox, because if it was the Wii or the GameCube or something,
there is a potential that Rosetti may have come back and given you a nice long lecture
afterwards, which is equally scary.
Now there is a game that I mentioned in chat that I haven't heard anyone say anything about.
What's that?
Phantasmagoria.
Oh yeah, the old PC.
Which I have covered as a classic game.
Wasn't that Roberta Williams' last game or like one of her last games?
I think so.
Yeah, before she...
But I mean, that game was pretty hardcore for its time.
It was way ahead of its time.
And it was literally on seven or eight CDs.
It was seven.
It was all that...
That was during that phase, we had a really quick phase in gaming, it was right around
the same time as the Sega CD.
The full motion.
Yeah, the full motion acting.
Dan and I were actually just talking about that earlier today.
Because you had what, like Sewer Shark and Night Trap are some infamous Sega CD games
that had that.
Was it Super Soldier or some other game like that, that was a 32X CD game?
Well, I remember...
That only came out in some country, I don't remember.
Well, I remember on the PC you had Phantasmagoria, Seventh Guest was a huge one, and you're seeing
that.
They just re-released that on Steam.
And what was the sequel, Eleventh Hour?
Eleventh Hour.
And then, of course, SimCity with SimCity Action News.
Wing Commander.
The X-Files was on like eight or nine disc.
Wasn't Wing Commander 3 that one?
I only remember four.
I don't remember the first couple.
Wing Commander 3 was the one with Mark Hamill in it.
Yeah, I think so.
I believe so.
Gabriel Knight.
Yeah.
Gabriel Knight.
Tim Tripp just said.
Tim Tripp.
Yeah.
Didn't Gabriel Knight have Tim Curry?
I think it was just acted.
Maybe it was in the sequel.
Yeah.
But, I mean, there were tons of different horror games out that, you know, I'm sure
scared people.
But going back to the day, even old, you know, text games, I mean, being eaten by a grue
is pretty scary.
It is pretty scary.
Very scary.
All right.
Let's do a few more stories and then the mailbag and phone calls and all that.
So, Loki.
All right.
So, the Ouya.
They changed a few things.
One, they're redesigning the controller for the Ouya 2.
Yes, the Ouya 2 will be out next year.
At least that's what's planned right now.
And they're going back and redesigning the controller.
Actually, I think they've already redesigned the controller now and I'm kind of like confused
by it because I know that they redesigned the controller from when they kickstarted
to when they released.
But now they're talking about redesigning it again.
And one of the questions was, so, how am I going to know if I buy an Ouya if it's going
to be the one that has the redesigned controller that's supposed to be better or the older
one that the controller is not so good?
And Julie, Julie Ehrman said, you don't know.
So that's a great answer.
There is no way to distinguish that.
And of course, they're right now planning on shipping the Ouya 2, I guess, sometime
in 2014.
And they haven't finalized the date on it yet, but they're kind of investigating right
now what kind of graphics chip they want to put inside there to be able to support the
older games as well as push a little bit better performance out of newer games and titles.
I understand them bringing out another console so that they can find their happy medium and
find what's going to work and be relatively future proof.
But two consoles in two years.
I don't if the apology if they make that if they make that a trend, it just seems really
stupid for something that's supposed to be an Internet console.
Aren't you an iPhone user?
I just say point point, but I'm just saying I'm still using my 4S and and keep in mind
all of their all quality products as opposed to the Ouya.
Yeah, you don't have to buy every revision they they bring it forward because they have
new things.
I'm still I'm still rocking my iPad third generation, aka the one that Apple would rather
you just forget about.
You know, this is the only other iPad they still sell the iPad 2.
Right?
Yes.
And all I have to say to hell with the iPad Air.
I'm still going to rock that iPad third generation do it.
That's right.
I got a display in my old school charger.
It's all I need to do it.
Loki's like, can I finish?
We're also talking about like a six hundred dollar difference.
But please.
Well, here's the thing, too.
The problem, though, with coming out with an Ouya 2.0 or whatever is you're not coming
out now first anymore.
Now you're coming out in potentially a field where there are going to be multiple consoles
out there that do the same type of thing, whose amateurs will blow yours away.
Exactly.
You can do your thing better and for probably cheaper.
And one of the things that, you know, she's basically said, oh, hey, you know what?
We're open to cloud gaming and hey, we're even open to our storefront being on third
party hardware.
We'll do anything.
So we'll blow anyone.
Why the fuck would I want to buy an Ouya 2?
We're open to putting a flashlight in the side of the console.
And it says that if they really wanted to be clever, they are passing up a fantastic
marketing idea.
The 2.0.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying if they put a flashlight in a porn edition, that's what people really
want.
If they put a flashlight in the side of that console, it's going to have to be for really
small dick people because that is a really small console.
I just know the flashlight will be bigger than the console.
So what you're saying is it will look like a giant cylinder, a.k.a. the new Mac that
they have out there.
It looks like a fucking trash can.
It actually does.
I can't argue it.
I can like say it's way sage and give this shit.
It's expensive.
It does slightly better things than the last one.
You'll release yet another computer in a year or two that will look stupid and will do something
slightly better than the other one will be fucking expensive and everyone will go buy
it.
The other problem with the Ouya is that because they didn't discontinue the Wii in North America,
you can get a dirt fucking cheap console here that plays a heck of a lot more games than
what's really available on Ouya.
I gotta be honest.
If you're out there in the market and you're like, hell, I need a system to play Android
games on my TV and that's what I wanna do, go with the fucking Mojo console because at
least that one uses Google Play for one and two, you can use your controller and map it
to pretty much any game you want.
So that includes stuff that's probably on the Ouya already and stuff that's in the Google
Play marketplace that's free.
So why would you spend money on this stuff that has a locked out marketplace, which let
me put it this way.
I had the console for a while.
There are some okay games on there.
They're promising there's gonna be more games on there that'll be good, but you know what?
All those people, they're fucking not just making their games exclusively to the Ouya.
It's coming out in PC and Android and all that stuff.
So you might as well just put the money into a Steam box or a computer that runs Steam
or something or put it into another micro console or just fucking just...
Or give it to me and we'll buy a new mic for the show or something.
Just don't waste your money on this stuff.
We could use a new mic.
Or buy a used Ouya, I mean, if you really want to.
I don't know.
I just don't see, there's not a lot.
There's no real reason why you want to get a new Ouya.
Because they were saying before, oh, you're gonna be able to run XBMC on it and stuff.
Well except it doesn't run it very well, so why would you do that?
You can get really cheap tablets nowadays and a lot of them already have HDMI out.
So I don't know, especially with what?
The Google thing that they have now where you can plug it into your TV and more support
for apps for that.
Chromecast.
Yeah Chromecast, you don't really need a micro console because a lot of other shit is doing
this stuff already.
It's like Dan and I were talking this morning about taking, because we're probably gonna
eventually gut our front room computer and put it in a new frame and I was like, well
you have people who build like the Nintendo computers with the small bits.
I've wanted to do one out of a 1950s radio, but I mean you can build these things for
yourself at home and they'll run whatever you need them to run within reason.
You know, coming by parts is just a matter of smart shopping.
Especially if you're gonna make a system, if all you're interested in is emulators,
you don't need that powerful of a system to run emulators.
I mean seriously.
Get a Dreamcast.
Just buy a fucking old ass PC, you can probably do that.
Yeah Dreamcast, but Dreamcast even that doesn't run everything very smoothly.
It'll run Nintendo.
You still have to go through some hoops for that, but just get an old PC.
That's what our front room computer that we have was pretty much given to us when someone
was done with it.
I think it was Dan's mom or somebody.
But I mean all we use it for is emulator games so we don't feel like busting out the Super
Nintendo and watching Netflix and Hulu.
That's it.
And also if you're interested in buying a Ouya and god forbid they kickstart something
else again, just remember how wonderful the Kickstarter went the first time around.
Ask up front who's shipping.
As in, as in right now, some people that backed that Kickstarter still don't have their fucking
console yet.
Just saying.
And for the record, at Radio Shack where my husband manages, I saw laptops there that
were fully equipped to do everything that the Ouya can do for 250 bucks.
So you can get a laptop instead of getting that piece of garbage.
It's still not 99.
It's still not 99.
All right.
Yeah, but you get a lot more value.
It was to say that the next one's going to be $99.
That's the other thing too.
All right.
Moving on.
Moving on, guys.
I it's a another week, so there must be another story coming out of EA somewhere that's hating
on the Wii U.
And here we go.
Creative director Craig Sullivan from Ghost Games.
So technically it's not EA, but you know.
So Craig Sullivan with Ghost Games is making Need for Speed Rivals.
And in an interview with the Sixaxis talks about why it's not coming to the Wii U.
Rivals is going on new hardware and you have to work out where you focus your efforts.
The 200 people working on this game are only capable of so much and doing so many different
versions of the game.
So we had to go with where we think the biggest audience will be for the game.
And that's where we are.
As you may or may not know, Need for Speed Rivals is running on the Frostbite 3 engine.
This year we had news that they're not going to bother with putting Frostbite 3 engine
on the Wii U, back when EA kind of first was talking about how they're distancing themselves
from the Wii U, because the Wii U can't handle it or whatever, which means it's not going
to get Dragon Age or Mass Effect.
It's not going to get any of that, because those are all going to be on the Frostbite
3 engine as well.
So there you go.
Need for Speed Rivals not coming on the Wii U anytime soon.
And stories like this are never really a great sign for that system, but Nintendo is going
to keep pumping out their games that will carry that system well enough.
And I also kind of think, I've got to be really honest here when it comes to the whole journalism
element of this story, I kind of think in this interview you're baiting this guy to
hate on the Wii U.
Because I think when you look at a game like Need for Speed Rivals, or a lot of the stuff
that goes to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, you know the Wii U can't handle that stuff.
Like, you know, the Wii U is based a little more off the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, granted
what's in there is a little more powerful, but we all kind of know that what's inside
a Wii U is not the same thing that's inside these other systems.
So weren't we kind of baiting this guy a little bit?
Isn't the answer obvious why this game is not on Wii U?
Well, it's like you said, that they're making it for multiple consoles, and so they only
have enough, okay we can only put it on X number of different consoles, and so we're
going to pick the ones that have what we think are going to be the largest market share.
I mean, that just makes sense.
But yes, they are masturbators.
Dark Tetsuya in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, this story frustrates me, because I
love Need for Speed and I want a Wii U, and that customization stuff would be perfect
for the touchpad.
Yeah, it's kind of a bummer, more people don't think to do it, but...
If only, you know, the Xbox 360 had a second screen app or something that you could, you
know, use the touchpad to do customization.
If only they had that!
Didn't you listen to Bobby's show earlier tonight, when our good pal Bobby Blackwolf
always tapes before us here at VOG Network.
He was talking about, he went to the Xbox One preview event in Atlanta, and was like
asking questions about, now I don't even remember the name of it, Smart Glass.
I just think Smart Ass, like Smart Ass, like Loki, but it's Smart Glass.
You mean that app I downloaded that I've never used?
They didn't even know what it was.
The people that were demoing, like, because he asked one of the games he was playing,
he was like, oh, how does this integrate Smart Glass?
Because it had a really kind of, it was like drawing, and they were like, what's Smart
Glass?
I...
What?
What?
That definitely is deserved.
Mark Zuckerberg will know what I'm talking about with this.
That's definitely a moment where you just kind of look at that person and go, girl.
It's kind of funny, because there's a lot of opportunity in theory with the surface
for stuff like that.
Right?
Well, anyway.
It's like, you've got all this second screen technology, like slapping you in the face,
and still nobody wants to jump on boards.
Except Nintendo, sorta.
Although certainly there's those wank rumors that they're thinking about releasing a new
Wii that doesn't have the touchpad, so they can rule the button.
A Wii U?
Yeah, that's what I meant.
The Wii U without the touchpad.
But I don't know.
And again, wank, wank, wank, wank, wank.
I don't know how much stock I put in there.
Why?
At that point, it's like, you're taking the gimmick out, so now there's no reason.
It is...
Yeah, because that worked so well with the Wii Mini.
They took out all the extra features that you didn't really need, like internet, you
know, and...
Back and focus on what made the Wii so popular.
All that, the flailing with the controller.
Why not?
Wii Sports HD, buddy.
It's coming.
Anyhow, let's see what the listeners think in a segment we call the Mailbag.
Every week, you guys send us emails, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com, and Dark Soccer
will dive into the mailbag headfirst and find some emails that she deems worthy of being
read here on the show.
I know we...
I gotta...
We spoiled this a little bit earlier in the show with one email, but there's still plenty
more unlicked, unspoiled emails to go.
We got a bunch.
We did get a lot tonight, didn't we?
We got a couple more, actually, after checking the mailbag.
Oh, you don't have to read them all, you know?
Well, I'm gonna, because Gonna emailed.
All right.
Well, you can skip his.
Shit.
You know what?
I'm just kidding.
Hi, Jamie, Loki, and I guess Rob.
You see what I mean?
Yeah.
I heard Rob talking about Pokemon not really utilizing the 3D, and I was curious if you
guys think it's even worth it to buy the 3DS or just go with the 2DS.
I'm still trying to decide between the two, and I would love to hear what you all think.
Thanks for making my unbearable weekend commutes less horrible, Gemet.
Wear pants with large pockets.
No, 3DS.
Yes, 2DS.
If you have a man bag.
That's true.
If you have...
Gemet probably does accessorize with a man purse.
They do have cases for the 2DS.
In all honesty, I still think the 3DS XL is the best system because the screens are still
larger on an XL, and I might also be a little biased because I really want that freaking
Zelda 3DS XL that's coming out.
So I still think the XL is the best one of any of them, but the 2DS is not a bad alternative,
and it is a much lower price.
So you kind of have to just ask yourself, how much is A, a bigger screen, and B, 3D
worth?
Otherwise, functionally, they're really the same system.
But if all you want to do is play Pokemon, then shit, get the 2DS.
It doesn't really matter.
But if you're thinking about the future, the 3D does really come in handy in some games
like Super Mario 3D Land you're talking about.
3D is really useful in that game.
I use it actually on occasion in Animal Crossing, even though I can't keep the 3D on for very
long, but I use it to catch flying bugs just because sometimes it's really hard to tell
where they are in relation to where you are without the 3D.
It also depends, I mean, even though I don't use the 3D, if I had a choice between the
two, if someone was like, here, pick one, I'd still probably stick with the 3DS because
I also like having it collapse.
I like having it close.
And that's always been something to like, because I actually adjust my screen level
depending on if I'm sitting down and playing, if I happen to be in the car, which I don't
really play that much in the car, but...
You really do have to question some of the design choices around the 2DS.
I mean, it feels...
It's intended for kids.
When it's in your hands, it feels nice, but yeah, just the whole fact it doesn't close
is, I don't know.
But I get the hinges right.
You were moving parts.
Yeah.
Well, on top of that, you have wires running in the hinges too.
It's just like with a regular laptop.
Sure, sure.
So you have a lot more room to make it completely unplayable as opposed to, you know, one full
put together hard plastic piece.
So honestly, Gemit, you kind of just have to ask yourself, like, how much is it worth?
Like, am I willing to pay that extra money to have the larger screens and have it close
up?
And if that's really not a big deal to you and there's really only the one game you want
to play on it, then fuck it, get a 2DS.
Why not?
By the way, Gemit says it's a messenger bag.
Wait for a bundle with a design that you really, really like and then buy that whatever it
is, 2D or 3D.
There is a Pokemon 3DS XL for what it's worth, red and blue one.
Or have wonderful, wonderful friends like Slidekick.
There you go.
Thank you so much.
That's the only reason I have a 3DS.
Thank you for feeding my addiction.
I love you.
What a nice boy.
Yes.
You get cookies.
Hey, OLR.
Before I go into the meat of my email, I thought I'd update my situation with Gamerscape.
This is Rossdale, UT.
I tried to file a complaint against them with the BBB, but they didn't seem to have a site
listed in their business and I couldn't find the address or the like, which seems to be
required when submitting a complaint about a business the BBB is unaware of.
All I could get is that they're in Stockholm, Sweden, and I'm not going to burn a charge
back over $10.
I'm not sure what, if anything, I can do about this.
I'm probably just out of luck and left telling anyone who will listen to avoid that piss
hole of a site.
You're using opinions expressed by the emailer.
You're not necessarily...
Well...
I don't know this site at all.
But there are businesses that do keep foreign addresses to precisely not have to answer.
Good on him for following up and putting his angry pen where his mouth is, so to speak.
Well, no.
You know, what was the thing that I used to quote from some study that I did in customer
service actually?
That out of every eight people with a complaint, only one will be an advocate.
That means only one person will do something about it.
So thank you for being an advocate.
Anyway, enough of those cancers on gaming.
Wow.
Someone asked me if I considered Desura my happy alternative.
Unlike many, I don't have a real preference when it comes to services other than they
offer DRM free games.
Desura is DRM agnostic, meaning they'll put games that publishers are absolutely adamant
about DRM.
However, they do make sure to let you know that if you're getting a game that needs DRM,
so I know what to avoid.
I just wish I could filter out DRM titles in search.
Other sites I use are Indie Game Stand, GOG, and Humble Bundle.
Also I've just recently discovered that if a site is selling their game with the Humble
widget, it can be linked to your Humble Bundle account, which greatly expands my options.
I found a place called Bundle in a Box, and I haven't known of them long enough to see
a bundle I want from them, but I'll get back to you on that.
I've also looked at Dotemu, which seems to be a GOG-like service, so I'll be giving them
a try when I can.
Basically, I'll go wherever to get my PC games DRM free.
So that's my answer to Rob's question.
Anyway, I hope you guys don't mind my whining.
I like that he had an answer to the question, so thank you.
To go back to the whole Gamersgate thing, if you do a Whois search on them, just type
Whois in Google, type in their URL when it pops up on the GoDaddy site, it'll give you
their address right there.
But as he said, Stockholm, Sweden, the actual company's name is apparently Paradox Interactive
AB.
There's also Lupia AB, and various other things.
But yeah, definitely registered overseas.
Someone out of BBB reach.
Also, PS, when are you going to include the forums in your Frugal Question of the Week?
I, for one, don't like social media networks.
That's a fair question, but honestly, our forums have not been very active at vognetwork.com,
and I just kind of think, I don't know, I wonder if maybe forums in general just aren't
really a thing these days.
What in general would get people to participate more in the forums?
Change it to a BBS.
I am all for setting up a vognetwork BBS, where we could play games like Legend of the
Red Dragon.
Actually, I would so be down for that, that would be awesome, but that has nothing to
do with a frickin' PHP BB, so I don't know.
I mean, I guess the obvious answer is, well, Rob, try posting that on the forums and see
what happens.
Or...
I'm also going to be honest, most of the questions I think of the day of the show, and a large
part of that is that we don't always know all the news until the day of the show.
So you wouldn't have a lot of time, and that's one concern I have.
And Facebook and Google, whether you love them or hate them, are always very immediate.
You see, you know, people check their news feed all the time and so forth, so that's
what makes it attractive.
However, as a suggestion, and I myself am doing something similar, if you happen to
see something from a Frugal Question of the Week, and you feel would make a good personal
editorial, why not try to submit some content?
Oh yeah.
You know, send us an article if you have something to say about something that's been a Frugal
Question.
And, you know, assuming it's not full of, you know, accusing too many people or companies
of being cancers on gaming, we might publish it.
You know, we do want a little bit more diplomacy in things on our site.
And Black Wolf does have a good point.
You get more than enough answers anyway.
Like tonight, we just had too many answers to read.
I'd still be reading them right now, which, don't get me wrong, love you guys for participating,
but you know, part of it is too that I want everybody to be able to go read all the answers
themselves and just hear me rattle them off.
And three hour show.
Yes.
A three hour show.
Sometimes four.
A three hour show with news and not.
I don't know, Jason.
8.30, 8.35.
Tonight was, I don't know if you guys, we cut out, there's three less stories tonight
because it's such a slow news week, but we filled it other ways.
We're chatty.
We're chatty people.
Well, we do have more email.
Yay.
Speaking of chatting.
Hey guys.
Hey.
I don't look like a guy.
Anyway.
I've been listening to Hohler for the past few months every Monday morning at my new
grad job.
Congrats.
I unfortunately cannot join in the live stream often due to being on the east coast.
After listening to this week's podcast with the section on crowdfunded games, I was wondering
if you guys have looked at Star Citizen.
It's a new MMO space sim coming out from Chris Roberts and as of this email, it has raised
over 24 million through pure crowdfunding.
The game looks like it's going to be amazing and has a ton of backers.
Chris Roberts is looking to make a PC game to push the PC to its limit.
Check it out at robertspaceindustries.com.
So that's robertspaceindustries.com.
Anyway, thanks for the podcast and I hope to be able to join the live stream at some
point soon.
Duron.
Oh, I saw that name in chat tonight.
So.
Hi Duron.
I'm glad you're here.
And I'm sorry for being disgusting in part A.
Like I said, I was channeling extrovert.
You're apologizing.
Uh, now, uh, I, I, I'm not apologizing.
Am I kidding?
I did not recognize the game that was being discussed there, but Jason, you raised your
hand.
You were like, yes, yes.
I did.
I adore this game because wing commander is one of the few dogfights in space or air.
That's been absolute one of my absolute favorite series.
Um, for the most part.
Um, but Chris Roberts is, you know, every, everybody has, everybody has a one specific
individual that a game or a company or somebody is known for in large part.
And Chris Roberts is the guy for, uh, wing commander.
And so he's creating a space dogfight MMO.
No MMO has grabbed me so far.
I played, um, both Final Fantasy 11 and WoW to like level eight or nine on my characters.
A couple of days worth of playing never really went beyond that.
Um, but you know, MMOs have involved, have evolved in insane amount since even, since
even WoW came out, um, it's supposed to be full real time space dog fighting with the
addition of ships that you can dock on planets.
You can land on jump gates to go between galaxies.
One of the concepts that was the most interesting to me is that you won't just, it not only
is that they're going to make a universe, but the universe is going to continue to grow.
It's not going to be this finite thing.
There will be additional land, um, universes that you can discover planets that you can
travel to.
You can play the game passively and be a merchant commander still has a military intent, but
you can be like a merchant and do passive things.
Or you can be, uh, you know, a pirate or Confederate Raider to go in and do things for your faction.
It sounds expansive.
It sounds gripping.
Um, there were murmurs about Oculus support, which would be unbelievable in a 3d, you know,
3d universe of a game when you have, you know, all your controls in front of you in a form
of a joystick and however much rudder or anything, throttle, anything else that you have.
Um, it has sounded amazing.
I am a backer.
It's what the, the, the shirt that I got is actually one of the most comfortable shirts
I own right now, which is very interesting.
Um, but I have my, I have my badge, my ID tag.
Um, yeah, it's, it's looked absolutely phenomenal.
Hmm.
Or at least sometime 2014, sorry.
Dungeon buster said in a chat Roberts also did freelancer when he had digital anvil and
players essentially turned into a mini MMO with a number of mods added to it over the
years and Duran just said Oculus support is confirmed.
Nice.
Tim Tripp.
It sounds like Eve without the spreadsheets.
Yes.
That is 100% correct.
Uh, looking at some other comments in chat real quick, uh, on star citizen, Tim Tripp
says a star citizen is the only game I've ever crowdsourced and dungeon buster says
star citizen still on the fence with that one.
Not too keen on the MMO elements.
There you go.
I am moving for back into the email land.
We have three.
Hi, OLR had a fleeting thought the other day about how video games are constantly compared
to movies as they seem to be aligning more and more in terms of narrative and visual
fidelity.
Thank you for using fidelity in an email.
That makes me feel, have a little hope.
And there is a point of differentiation that I found interesting.
If a movie is considered a critical and commercial success, it's typically given many sequels.
With this, the original film seems more often than not become viewed as superior and pure
version of the franchise as a whole.
Why is this not the same with video games that they're so closely connected to films?
When a video game enjoys mass success, it is given a sequel and almost instantly original
game is rendered obsolete due to the improved build of the game engine, better graphics
control, et cetera.
Curious to know your thoughts on this.
I'm going to put in right now, I'm going to use Mass Effect as my thing, so don't judge
me.
Okay.
First, Mass Effect, better story wise than the later two.
Really?
I don't agree with that, but okay.
I think that it was when you're introducing different writing teams and the story changes
dramatically from the direction it was going in.
That's when I have some concerns.
But as far as playing the game, Mass Effect 3 is lots of fun.
I have way much more fun actually just playing the game than I do the first Mass Effect,
especially since the Mako makes me want to puke.
So if I'm understanding the question right, they want to know when the original is better
than the sequel.
Because in movies, it tends to be that the original is better than the sequel, right?
Very rarely are sequels as good as the original, unless you're talking about like, you know,
I don't know, like the Godfather, you know, Star Wars, yeah, well, Star Wars and so on.
A lot of times too, that when you have a movie come out, typically sequels are done, I mean,
except for when they're planned as trilogies, for example, Star Wars, the only three in
existence in my brain, in my universe, head canon.
Those tell a good story and they're a cohesive unit.
The real bill was intended to be a full movie, right?
And the two parts are different enough, but they are a cohesive story.
When you have sequels that are made as cash cows, you know, Oh, well, this movie did good.
Let's see if we can make some more money, hangover part two and three.
Yeah.
Right.
But, you know, I think like one of the few movies that have actually done that successfully
is like the American Pie series, those have all been kind of funny in their own bizarre
scream movies.
Not everybody likes the sequels as much as I do, but have you actually seen all of the
American Pies?
I've seen two and part of three.
Some of the direct to video ones are awful though.
Let's be real.
Just saying they exist.
Anyway, I did want to watch the band camp.
Let's go back to dude's question because, um, it's, or it could be female.
I didn't, sorry, but I don't know who, I don't know based on names, if y'all are male or
female, it's, it's a traditionally masculine name, but it could go the other way.
You never know.
Um, so what the emailer, um, said there, I think the question really was, have you played
a video game where the sequel was not as good as the original and this is, I almost used
this as the kickoff topic tonight.
The other one was a little more themed for Halloween, which, you know, but I thought
this is a great question too.
I was hoping I could hear from the three of you if there are any game series you can think
of where you consider the first game to be superior version despite multiple sequels.
Yes, I have a, uh, I had to really think about this, but I have a great answer I think for
this.
Uh, I have to go retro, really retro, but Blaster Master, the original, well, the original
was superior to anything that came out after it.
Like that horrible Genesis one.
But it had a better Japanese game.
Was it Space Fight Hyperion?
Yeah, but I, I, but Blaster Master was the answer that came to my mind.
I don't know if you guys, I had more time to think about it, but you guys.
Excite Truck.
You're on that kick again.
Tim Tripp actually makes a good point and this is something I was going to bring up
as well.
Typically the first game in a new IP doesn't receive the budget that an established IP.
So the big difference that comes in the amount of risk inherent in creating a new IP versus
a new movie IP.
Uh, I think that is a great point and I think it's very true with games, but to be fair,
it's also true to some extent with movies and I would point out those movies that they've
made a million of like, um, Saw, as much as I hate those movies, there's that, right?
And then there's, um, but, but, but, or sorry, Paranormal Activity.
You know, the first one was made for like what, a quarter?
Like they smashed some kid's piggy bank and made a movie with the money that was in it.
But then the others got like more and more budgets later on.
But I, but just, you know, the saw, I get a saw though, they actually do have a story
that goes through the whole thing, apparently, although I haven't seen the last movie, but
I read the Wiki.
I saw them all, but they actually do have a story.
Like once you watch them like, Oh, Hey, there actually is something that kind of ties in
with all this stuff.
I think it's one of those things.
Again, I only read it off the Wiki afterwards.
Yeah.
I only read the Wiki cause I refuse to watch the movies after I saw the first one and that
was enough.
Just to tell you, Shayne, I actually like Dragon Age 2 better than the first one.
So far, so far.
Oh, that's a good answer though, to the question, Dragon Age, um, the, the, I did see Saw 1
for whoever asked in chat.
I saw Saw 1, I refuse to watch any of the others.
I have a feeling that they always knew how it was going to end.
And I think they, they tied it together that way.
They always knew how it was going to end.
You know, there's a, and actually I thought about it, but someone in chat mentioned it
too.
Um, Android, is that Alan?
It's Alan on his phone.
He's on light rail right now.
Devil May Cry.
The first one was better.
In my opinion, I liked it a lot better.
Um, I can, I am also tempted to say Silent Hill.
I think in some ways the first game is superior to anything that came after it.
It's limitations actually made it creepier.
However, Silent Hill 2 is kind of the, the climax of that whole series.
And that was, I mean, yes, that's a sequel, but how many Silent Hills have there been
after that?
Too many.
Oh, no, no.
There've only been a few Silent Hill games.
The others are fakes.
Yeah.
Anyway.
They don't exist in my, in my universe.
That was a fantastic question.
I would actually invite, um, if, uh, you know, we do comments on this show every week at
vognetwork.com and I'd really invite you if you want to leave a comment and if your answer's
good, I will get, or like, you know, of course, Shane pipes in.
I'll be very easy on you with this, but, um, I'll give you a thumbs up guaranteed.
So you get a little point on vognetwork.com.
If you have an answer to this question, leave it on the episode posting at vognetwork.com
for you podcast listeners.
Cause I want to know what games do you believe had better initial games than the sequels?
See Shane ranks the Silent Hill games as two, four, one, three.
I beg to differ.
Hmm.
Three, two, four, one.
Now take that.
Three, two, one, four.
Shane, Shane, admittedly, you value the room way more than a lot of people do.
The room wasn't supposed to be a Silent Hill game.
Oh, remember?
Anyway.
I loved the, I liked the room, the three booths that they had for that game.
Yeah.
That was my first, like the kitchen and everything.
Oh my God.
That was awesome.
So, um, yeah, we still have more email.
Yay.
This is, we didn't need three extra stories.
We've got three extra emails tonight and that's fine.
Every gamer gets a voice.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Starlock here.
Hi Starlock.
With Halloween mere days away, I had a question to pose to both the host and listeners.
I wanted to know what game you can't finish due to one scene that spoils the rest of the
game for you.
I'll give you my example near the beginning of Homefront.
There's a scene in which the child's parents are killed right in front of him and the child
is seen crying for several seconds.
Even though I'm fairly certain no other such scenes exist in the game, it completely kills
the desire for me to see the rest of the game because that scene is just too disturbing
for me to watch.
I wanted to know if anyone else had similar experiences with any games out there.
Keep being awesome, Starlock.
There's a movie that does that for me.
I can't watch Face Off.
I never played more than Silent, than the start of Silent Hill 4 because the opening
cinematic and the ambience just kind of completely creeped me out.
I think my head was just kind of in a weird place that afternoon and I think I literally
just finished Silent Hill 3 and moved on to Silent Hill 4, but I saw the opening cinematic
which did the whole world shifting.
I did start the game, I did get control, I went to the window and I looked outside and
saw the other apartment across the way, whatever, but I never touched the game beyond that because
for whatever reason the ambience just seemed too much for my brain and I put it down and
never picked it back up again.
If my name was Bobby Blackwell, I might say, well, I played the demo to Ni No Kuni and
then that scared me off for the rest of the game.
I can only think of a funny answer because I can't think of a serious one because I didn't
see this email in advance.
It must have come in late.
I really don't know.
A game where a scene...
Does it have to be disturbing or just it was bad?
Like there was something so bad happen?
Question.
Well, disturbing, bad, something that affected you in a way that made you not want to finish
it.
It's like me in the scene in legend that I can't get past and have never finished the
movie.
Oh yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I know I do.
And I'm trying to think if I have anything that's kind of like trigger-ish like that.
And for the record, I don't think I could play the game for exactly the same reason
because it's kind of a very horrible thing for me.
I can't think of something.
If I think of something, I'll have to answer it on VOG Network or something because I really
can't think of anything.
Loki, can you think of anything that...
When you put in the Excitebots and found it wasn't it's like track?
Yeah, it was the first Mexico track and you're playing it and then the game asks you to throw
a pie at a clown.
I was like, what the fuck is this?
I can't think of anything that's really had a scene in the game that kind of ruined it
for me.
I can think of a lot of games where you play through it and the end is like kind of lame.
And that kind of ruined it for me.
It's like, shit, why did I play this game?
This ending is fucking terrible.
But no, I can't think of anything that's like there's been something in the middle of the
game, like a story thing where it just kind of went, what?
I don't like this.
I'm going to quit this game.
Tim Tripp in chat says, I watched The Descent once.
It was amazing, but I can never watch it again.
I've definitely seen a lot of movies like that where it's like, I'm glad I saw it once
and I will never watch that again.
I have a movie I can say I wasn't glad that I saw it even though I didn't have to pay
for it.
And that was Drag Me to Hell.
I went with Tiara to see it.
She loved it.
I just thought it was gross and not very good.
Watched movie 43 the other day.
Very disappointed that that movie was not funny or it wasn't as.
They showed you all the funny stuff in the trailer.
It did have a cameo, though, of Band Fuse, a game that will unfortunately sorely fail
when it comes out in November, but it had a cameo.
So there's a bullet point for that.
I'm trying to see if the chatters have any.
They're still doing the Silent Hill debate in chat.
There's not a lot of comments on it, but Dungeon Buster does say I couldn't get past
the bad full motion video acting in a PC game once.
Well, the gameplay was also pretty terrible, too, but he didn't say what game it was.
So I don't know.
But chatters, if you have any answers to it, let us know.
There was a game that I remember playing for a while that had something that made me super
nauseous and I couldn't touch the game for a little while.
But then I went back.
I mean, I've had things that they just shake me up right away and I'd have trouble finishing
the scene.
And then once I'd digested it for a few days, I could go back and play it and be fine.
But I can't remember the last one.
I kind of didn't like the beginning of Alone in the Dark, the original Alone in the Dark,
because it was hard.
That's about it.
I don't know.
Once again, nothing content-related.
I mean, fuck, there was the torture scene Grand Theft Auto 5 and I was just like, how
do I gold this thing because I don't want to have to play this boring minigame again.
Oh yeah, that's kind of brutal too, I guess.
All right.
Well, if I think of something later, I'll let you know.
That was a good question, though.
Okay.
Last email.
I believe it's last.
It's the last, as far as I'm concerned.
Last for tonight.
Hi folks, it's Raginator.
Seeing as tonight's episode is the last one before Halloween is spelled with an A, dude.
Halloween.
Halloween.
You spelled it twice.
You spelled it Halloween.
Hollow Man is a very good, okay.
It's a movie that came to me.
I thought I'd send out Halloween.
It is All Hallows Eve.
Hallo.
Hallo.
I know that since we're all pretty much in the same age group, around 35 plus or minus
six years, we don't...
We are, Raginator.
I don't know about the listeners, but okay.
We all don't go trick or treating anymore.
Yes, we do.
And haven't done so in years.
Yes, we have.
Fuck that shit.
The Disneyland party is off the hook.
And for the record, some of us might have kids, so they go trick or treating.
With their kids.
Who do you think eats all the candy in the middle of the night?
Mom!
Loki.
I don't eat all the candy.
I just go to Becky's house and take Julian's.
My wife would be in there.
I mean, Becky, if you're listening, I'm not going to steal Julian's candy.
If you're listening, I'm not going to take Julian's candy.
Yes.
No.
Besides, they keep giving him those stupid peanut butter cups.
Those things fucking suck.
My opinion, of course.
Everyone else likes peanut butter cups.
I know.
I know whatever.
Everyone else likes that shit, but not me.
And to continue, God, you keep misspelling Halloween.
God, this is fucking irritating.
But we may have certain Halloween traditions.
For me, it's watching movies that would be Halloween appropriate.
Alien, Aliens, Monster Squad.
God, I fucking love the Monster Squad.
Showgirls.
Girl.
Fist bump.
Ghostbusters, etc.
You are a whore, darlin'.
Y'all know shit.
I could do the hand thing, but I'm holding a mic.
And the same goes with games.
Nightmare Creatures, Resident Evil 1-3-3, blah.
I mean, etc.
Now my question for you is, do you do anything at all similar?
I sit at home and throw candy at kids.
I don't know about this year.
We're going to something.
I know a lot of people did their Halloween party this weekend, like last night, but we
got invited to one that's after Halloween, so we're doing that, and my costume that we
bought the other day is for that.
But I don't know about on Halloween itself this year.
Maybe I'll try to invite some people over to watch Showgirls.
It'll be fun.
Or I'll go to Jamie's.
You know what?
I seriously want to do that.
You're not doing anything on Halloween, right?
Is your thing on Halloween?
Not yet.
No, it's on, like, the second.
That's at Showgirls' party at my house.
Fuck yes.
We'll just push everything out of the room.
Can I bring over a kiddie pool and we'll reenact the pool scene with the cats?
Yes!
I don't know.
Midna might bite me.
I don't.
Alright.
No, but, actually, I'm totally down for Showgirls at my house on Halloween.
You really shouldn't throttle cats like that.
With mimosas.
Rob.
Well, I have to drive home, but.
I have a couch.
I gotta work on Friday, girl.
Girl.
No.
Okay, we have mimosas early and then you can, you know, work it off doing the hand wave.
Alright, alright, read the email.
Two things.
That was the email.
Two random thoughts I just had here.
Sure.
Why not?
Both Showgirls, really.
Any sort of Kickstarter related game that has to do with Showgirls.
Perhaps like, you know, a WarioWare type situation where you have all these different mini games
that have to do with Showgirls.
And two, I just thought, remember they have that really retarded jib-jab type or whatever
where you can put your face on stuff?
They really need to put scenes from Showgirls in there where you can just put your face
on those characters.
That'd be hilarious.
Oh my god.
You know what I just remembered?
It would be leotardid.
Lowkey.
You know what I just remembered?
Totally leotardid.
You know all I know about jib-jab?
Uh huh.
Is that this land thing that was made with Romney and Bush?
I don't see those god-awful Christmas cards singing elf things on Facebook.
I don't look at that shit.
The management at my work think those are so clever.
Every fucking year.
All I know of jib-jab is the year that they did this land featuring, um, not Romney, what
I'm saying.
Um, who was the guy that ran against Bush that we all knew would lose?
Gore?
No.
Um, John Kerry.
John Kerry.
You're the guy who, like, an int.
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
That was pretty funny.
Alright.
I'm going to chatroom at live.vognetware.com, uh, Tim Tripp suggests a Kinect-based showgirls
dance game.
Uh, D'Artezia said, do they do shadowcasts of showgirls?
Just wondering.
No.
And by the way, this is like the third time this year showgirls has come up on the show,
which has nothing to do with video games.
I guess that's what makes our show unique, if you can tolerate this chat.
But I will entertain this question because the one thing I look forward to every year
in August is at the Castro Theater in San Francisco, California, the drag queen peaches
Christ and her, yes, that's her name, peaches Christ and her crew put on a midnight showing
or no, I guess it's the peaches Christ midnight mass.
I guess they bumped it up a little bit cause we're all getting older.
It's more like this 8 p.m. showing of showgirls and the bitch comes out of a volcano and they
all do the dance to goddess and the whole thing.
And then they do free lap dances with large popcorn.
And for like the past four or five years, um, Alan and I have been going religiously
this thing.
I want to go with you guys next year.
You came one time.
I came once, but I didn't get to go this last year.
I went the year before because we went to a sausage factory, which is a restaurant in
the Castro.
Go figure.
But yes, uh, I pretty much live for that day of the year because I love showgirls and by
the way, Elizabeth Berkeley on dancing with the stars watching me live.
Did you see the I'm so excited dance?
I know, right?
I don't even watch that show.
And I watched that.
Oh, I was like, even Loki saw it.
You didn't see it.
Oh, she did.
You remember saved by the bell, right?
I didn't even watch saved by the bell and I know that she did a dance related to that
and they actually like had scenery.
Yeah.
She was taking, she was ODing on jive pills.
It was great.
And the dance was of course the jive.
Although I will say this, the best person to ever do the jive on that show was, um,
Stacy Keebler.
Just saying, I'll have to look it up, I guess.
All right.
Uh, is that it for mailbag?
It is for now.
All right.
Then there you go.
The next part of the show with the FUs of the week, we get a little angst out of our
system.
Why?
Because
FU to my state of unemployment again, I'm, I really want this job that I interviewed
for, it seems like such a great match.
I hate getting my hopes up too.
So FU to getting my hopes up because the last few times I've been pretty dashed, but I,
I feel really positively, I haven't heard anything back yet.
So FU to the anticipation, FU to the waiting room, and I really, really want this to be
successful.
I'd really like this job.
It would be perfect.
Perfect.
And also FU to getting oil paint all over my arm and looking like I've punched a wall.
I'm painting, um, a portrait in purple and blue or violet and blue and blue violet.
And I got blue and blue violet all over my right arm going down the bone and it looked
like I had just hit a wall with the side of my arm.
So FU to oil paint as well.
And Rob just came up with a nephew.
Yeah, I'm going next because I, I will FU to the headache that I just went to the bathroom
to get Advil for my headache and then FU to the fact that I stubbed my toe on the way
back.
It fucking hurts.
Do you want ice?
No.
Kiss it, make it better.
Eh.
Loki, what's your FU?
We'll get the kitty to kiss it.
Kitty kisses make it all better.
She's hiding under the bed cause she hates people.
My FU goes to the city of Folsom and their wonderful event that they had on Friday, their
Night of a Thousand Pumpkins, which I, see I don't go down the old Folsom because it's
like this hipster, you know, historic area that they do events in and stuff like that.
What a bunch of douche bags coming out of there.
Anyways, but seriously though, they had their thing and see I, I don't do that, but free
trick or treating and stuff like that.
They charge parking down there.
Normally the parking garage is free, but they charge $2 parking for charity.
The charity happens to be the Folsom Historic Society, basically they run this really shitty
museum that they have down there that no one fucking goes to and is closed every time I
go down there.
So fuck them for that because then I had to go, I had to first off look for parking that
didn't cost any money.
Then I had to drive across the bridge to a gas station to use an ATM to get fucking money
to pay their stupid fee to then park on the roof of this stupid, it was just terrible.
And the event sucked on top of all of that.
So you did just give an F you to a $2 charity donation you had to make?
Yes.
Just making sure.
Jason!
F you to myself for not just, for not being able to just get on a fricking plane.
It's not hard to get around places and save me a hell of a lot of time in grief.
I don't mind driving, but some days, whatever.
Um, and there was a second one.
F you to money in general.
I hear that.
I hear that.
All right, there it is, the F yous of the week.
So angsty, so fresh.
All right.
Uh, just a few more stories for you guys.
An F you to misspelling Halloween.
Poor Ragenator, but then again, we've been picking on that guy forever.
We still love you, Ragenator.
Bones did it too, but I'm just being, I just use it as a launch.
Blame autocorrect.
That's what people do.
All right.
How is that even an autocorrect thing?
Because it's misspelled.
Shouldn't autocorrect catch that?
Calm down, Lee.
That would be hilarious to like change someone's autocorrect to like wrong stuff.
It learns.
Dude.
Yeah.
My phone knows like when I start to type L-U-V, it goes, love you, mean it.
Like it knows that that's a word.
I want to know how my iPad gets all these things wrong.
It knows fuckery as a word now.
My phone knows and ass hattery.
By the way, I have to go with Quincemia down with capitalism.
I will say my phone always picks either we're or were wrong and it's actually kind of really
annoying.
I do have OMW turn automatically into on my way.
Everybody does by default.
Jason, some flight advice from Shane.
I changed the punctuation.
From Shane Olinko in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Jason, if you're afraid to fly, ask for vodka on the plane.
I told a flight attendant I was scared and she gave me vodka and orange juice and it
made the flight super fun.
I've gotten a lot of similar remedy ideas that and well, I'm sure we can fill in the
blank.
Doesn't one of those airlines like Virgin Air or one of them does like a fear of flying
school or something where you can actually take these classes where they will help cure
you of your fear of flying.
Interesting.
And you live, you don't live that far from Denver, right?
Right.
That's where Frontiers Hub is.
And they're one of those companies that I would imagine would have something like that.
Check it out.
You know what the best flight I've ever had was?
Was a Southwest flight where it was me and Julie.
We were going to Las Vegas and we got on there and they like totally didn't give a fuck when
they were doing the flight safety.
Sounds like Southwest.
It's like, and if you have any questions, please hesitate to answer.
If you find the plane going down, you better hold on to your ass because we're going to
die.
You can see people like, Oh, and like, and then everyone else is like laughing so hard.
The people that got scared were embarrassed into laughing with them.
And then the guy says, just kidding.
That's like 98 percent.
What's our statistics?
It was great.
That's the best flight I've ever been on.
You just need liquor and pills, Jason.
It makes it easier.
All right.
Moving on.
You know what, though?
I, some people don't have the patience to do the drive or the train or anything like
that.
So, you know, at least you get to see such beautiful parts of the country as Elko, Nevada,
and all of Southern Wyoming across and the no tell motels.
Did we know the whole thing about flight is, you know, trying to say is going to the bathroom
on the plane worthwhile.
Do I need to get out of my window seat to go pee or can I hold it?
Always go to the bathroom on the plane.
You're never going to see those people again in your entire life.
And, Gamet, there's a way for a plane to have Fireball on it.
You get the little, um...
You mean the liquor, not the...
The liquor.
Yes.
Thank you.
They do have these little flasks that are disguised as tampons.
I kid you not.
They're actually for yachts, but...
Speaking of things you do because you'll never see the other people on the plane ever again.
This is a video game show, right?
We will talk about that at some point.
We just said this was a slow news week.
Fuck it.
We're filling space.
True.
True.
This is our new version of the fuck it show.
All right.
We got to get to phone calls too.
Loki's got one more story for us and then we're going to get to the phone calls.
1-877-GAMO-LR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, what do you have for us?
So I guess Second Life is happening soon.
November 2nd.
You mean Extra Life?
Extra Life, whatever.
Yeah, okay.
So yes, Extra Life.
And November 2nd.
So donate, sponsor people, do all that fun stuff.
Ah, it's this weekend for the Children's Miracle Network.
I think it's great that this charity kind of has really embraced this whole thing and kind of really made it one of their highlight fundraisers of the year.
I don't know if you've seen this, but on PlayStation 3 they actually have an ad for Extra Life right now.
And if you raise certain amounts of money you get PlayStation rewards with that.
So I thought that was really cool that it all kind of integrates together.
So, awesome.
All right.
Good luck to those of you doing Extra Life, by the way.
I'd love to do it, but my wife wouldn't let me have 25 hours of pure gaming.
We need to do something charity related, but I would really love to.
I have things to tell you offline regarding.
I would suggest, you know, we'll probably do the MS Walk again with Horde House next year.
And I'd really like OLR to get involved with that too.
Maybe we can raise a ton of money for a great cause.
So we'll look at that.
But for now, Extra Life, good luck to those of you doing it.
And yeah, I'll have to watch some of those streams myself.
All right, we're going to go right into phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We're going to skip what I had on the show roll because I had this.
It was a Twitter news story and it ain't even worth it.
And the more I think about it, my eyes roll so far back in the back of my head, I can see my brain.
If you are dying to know what I was going to report on, that whole Sessler Gate thing.
That's all I'm going to say.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I have no idea what that is.
Well, here I go.
No, it's perfect. Call it done.
Let's talk about it. Come on.
We do have a call.
And we'll talk about how ridiculous it is.
Okay, quickly.
He's whining on Twitter because supposedly there is something about the new console that's going to make it hard to do his job.
Like some big thing that isn't announced yet.
And it's not Xbox One, it's PlayStation 4.
That's all been deduced.
This is Reddit, Twitter, all these folks running NeoGaf and they've all got threads on it today.
And nobody really knows what it is.
And some of the popular thoughts are that perhaps Sony has invoked what Nintendo did earlier this year on YouTube.
Where there's going to be that restriction where they're not going to be able to monetize their YouTube videos.
Again, thoughts, rumors, speculation.
But I don't know if that would be it necessarily.
Because I think when Nintendo announced that, nobody got warning about that.
That just happened.
And that isn't supposed to impact review videos in fair use.
My thought is, genuinely, is that it's the PlayStation 4 preview review events.
Because it doesn't sound like they're sending out copies of PlayStation 4 games to people.
You have to come in and play them.
And that's what they do for audio CDs.
And a lot of those critics have to do.
Why? Piracy.
Because people ruined it.
And if you have to go somewhere else to play the game, you can't get video in advance.
That might ruin your day if you are somebody who does a lot of YouTube video reviews.
So, I don't know.
It's hard for me to feel sorry.
But it certainly is an interesting challenge about the new generation.
Whatever. So, there you go. In a nutshell, there's your story.
Now we can go to the calls.
Yes.
1877 Game O.L.R.
I saw a Doctor Who icon. You better answer it.
I will. Please call. 1877 Game O.L.R.
Our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
You can call in now and I will take the call.
In the meantime, do we have last minute stories? Probably not tonight.
No.
We had hardly any stories tonight.
I think you just took the last minute story.
Yeah. There you go.
I did see a couple tweets and they were things worth mentioning.
So, I want to get to that.
But again, if you want to call 1877 Game O.L.R.
Our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
I want Bobby to call.
But you excluded him in chat.
I didn't exclude him. I said other people.
I just said we also want some new people too.
Alright.
I encourage.
Let's get to the phones and see who's there.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up guys? This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto. What's up? Long time no talk.
Hey, Doctor Who icon.
Yeah, nothing much. I just wanted to answer the question that one of your listeners proposed to you earlier today.
About the. Well, how was it worded?
Where you played a game and it was so disturbing that it made you stop.
Yes.
Yeah, I had a scene that made you just completely not want to play the rest of it.
Yes.
Yeah, my game is Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
There's a mission in that game where I think there's like a mob boss or something.
And they want you to kill his wife. They want you to run her off the road.
And I couldn't do that for the life of me.
Like you, you hear her like literally asking you like, why are you doing this to me?
Why are you trying to kill me?
It was so disturbing that I turned the game off, never finished it, never played it.
And that was back in 2002.
You know, it's hard for me to sit here and go, wow, you're so crazy for that answer or something like that.
Because I kind of sit here and go.
That's pretty admirable.
That's. Yeah, you just sound like a nice guy to me.
Yeah, I mean, if it was the mob guy would have shot him in the face, no problem.
You know, lock him in the, lock him in the trunk, do whatever.
But I don't know, it was just the fact that I felt she was an innocent.
You know, like when you play Grand Theft Auto, I mean, anyone that you kill in that game, you know, they're usually just criminals.
And, you know, they're they're either going to kill you before you kill them.
So you kind of you know, you kind of like work that out in your mind that, OK, you know, this is justifiable.
But I don't know, just killing that woman wasn't justifiable.
I could research and see if she had a meth lab or, you know, a child smuggling ring.
Well, well, this was in the 80s, so you were in any meth labs.
If anything, she was a cocaine queen or whatever the fuck.
You also kind of bring up an interesting point that it's like it's maybe kind of partially the realism of that that really kind of pushed it over the edge for you is that it was a little too realistic because I think like, OK, well, when I play Saints Row four or Saints Row three, excuse me.
And I try to run over as many people on the road as I can.
That's funny, but it's not realistic.
Like, it's totally not realistic or like Armageddon or any of those things.
Like it's just it's just cartoon characters. I'm running over my car and it's funny.
But like they are not screaming like, please. Oh, God.
You know, like they're not like it doesn't get that real.
Like it's just funny and like so my brain can easily differentiate.
But I can see where like, you know, if this poor innocent woman is screaming her head off, like, please don't kill her.
Like, yeah, it's kind of like maybe I maybe I don't want to do this.
Yeah, it was exactly that.
It was the fact that she was she was screaming and like literally talking to me and asking me why.
And, you know, in Grand Theft Auto, you don't you don't talk. So it's like I couldn't really explain to her why.
Are you trying to explain from the couch and it's not working.
So, well, that is I'm curious enough. Loki remembers that part because he's the big Grand Theft Auto guy.
No, I don't remember that.
I don't remember if I am that cold blooded man. I don't remember finishing Vice City.
I don't know if I ever did. Hmm. Because you didn't really, really get crazy about Grand Theft Auto until just the last one.
I think I ever finished three or Vice City. Maybe I did.
I don't remember. It was a long time ago. But look, he was looking was rocking out to the music so hard.
He didn't even hear the cheat codes. I'm going to blow stuff up. And that's pretty much it.
You know, I know I didn't finish Sandra's and I just want to finish it because I mean,
I love Vice City. I love the 80s. I mean, I have like a nice vibe to it, but just that part.
But I'm going to hang up now. Let some more calls get in.
All right. I was talking to you guys again. I'll be calling in more. Sounds good. Good to hear from you.
All right. Take care, buddy. Bye. One eight seven seven game oil are his name on Skype, Orange Laundry.
Did you get to compliment the doctor who icon? I think you did at the beginning. I did. He did have a doctor who icon.
And then the whole time during his phone call, I was playing the old theme since he had the 80s icon.
It was classic who not not a new who. Are you going to go to that whole 3D screening of
Doctor Who or whatever? I heard about this because I hate people. Oh, that's a fair answer.
I hate going to the movies like I don't like going to opening night anything. I don't either.
Unless it's like something I'm super excited about. But it's like I have to see the Hunger Games catching fire.
I just don't like people that much. I don't blame you. Well, we like this person that's calling in right now.
Hi. Are you there? I'm right here and I'm glad you like this person. I do like this person.
Hey, Rama. How you doing? I'm doing pretty good. A little tired, but I'm good. Yeah.
Was there a con this weekend? No, but I work and now my commute, instead of being
from Brooklyn to Midtown Manhattan, is from Brooklyn to Jersey. So three hour commute every single day.
Oh my gosh. But I was going to say, as far as the anime cons go too, Halloween is the one time
of the year where you're supposed to dress up. So it's like, it's cosplayers vacation.
Or as I like to call it, National Cosplayers Day. Fair enough. And you know I'm just teasing you.
I'm all for it. What else is on your mind, buddy? Three things and I'll make it quick.
Number one, and whereas this is a frugal question of the week, I'll make this part brief.
I was playing Bioshock. Going through the level. My old roommate was standing there with his D&D crew.
And they watched me play the game. I come to this one section where there is a casket sitting on a shelf.
I'm like, okay. I walk over to it. The casket explodes. There are demon, creatures coming at me.
I'm killing them and I'm like, what the fuck is this? Holy shit, what the fuck?
I kill them all and I'm just staring at the screen. I pause it and I drop the controller and it's like, fuck this.
I'm done. Well played, Bioshock. Well played.
Well, there you go. That is a scary game that nobody brought up earlier. So, good answer.
Yeah, but mind you, I was playing with the lights on.
What else is on your mind, buddy?
Anyone? Anyone?
No, I was just saying, what else is on your mind, buddy?
My bad. My bad. Second thing, this was passed to me, someone on my fan page.
And they are spreading the words of their Extra Life campaign out of Ohio.
The group is called Happy Family and Friends. They're trying to raise $1200 for a local hospital out of Children's Miracle Network Hospital in Ohio.
So, I'm just trying to spread the word of that.
So, this is a part of the Extra Life, like one of the groups doing it.
Okay, awesome. Well, we're all for that, all for charity events.
How can we find more information on this? What games are they playing? Do we know?
They have not mentioned, but they did say there's going to be a lot of video games, anime, Kevin Smith, crude humor. Did I mention Kevin Smith?
Is Kevin Smith going to be there or are they just watching Chasing Amy?
Nobody watches Chasing Amy. I thought you knew this.
Fuck you, I love that movie.
Hey!
So, you're a Tracer.
I will let you slide on it because you didn't say Jersey Girl.
No, God no. Who would say Jersey Girl?
At least he didn't raise his hand and ask, what's a Nubian?
Oh, what's a Nubian?
Shut the fuck up!
That's how I incur the wrath of a black man, Rama.
Alright.
I just like that that whole exchange was staged in the movie. That was great.
In all seriousness, what else is on your mind, buddy? You said three things.
Yeah, I already told him this. Now, I'm going to let you guys know.
As you know, I have this issue with Chain Stop and I refuse to give them my money for the way they treat some of their customers and their products and this and that.
Or their employees.
Yep, them too.
Long story short, old roommate reimbursed me money for a game that he can't find, so I go buy a used copy.
I go in, they have their special, two games for $10. I happen to notice at least a good quarter of the games on it are games I need for my PS3.
So, I've come to the conclusion that as long as it's not a new game, games I will see a little portion of my money.
So, what made you decide that ethically you're going to decide, okay, I'll boycott GameStop most of the time?
I figure, you know, I might as well get a good deal on a used game as long as I have the game, the manual, and the original box art.
If not, I'll go to Amazon and spend an extra $10.
I mean, eventually you just can't boycott fully forever. Eventually you get to that point where you know what?
Eff it. Might as well. I'm just going to go in, get what I want, and leave.
As long as they don't ask me for power up rewards, as long as they don't ask me to reserve this or that, I just want the game and I want to go.
That's part of the reason I like Amazon, because like Jamie, I don't like people sometimes.
And Amazon, you just click your thing, or any online site really, I know I keep hitting that one, but you just go on, you order what you want, and then it magically shows up at your door. It's great.
Yeah, at least you don't have to deal with this. You go into the store to buy something, headphones are on, and they're talking to you like you can hear them.
Right.
You can kind of hear them, but you know the transaction, what you're doing, so you just want them to just pull up the screen, you can punch in your rewards card, pay for your item, and leave.
Alright, well Ram, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you as always for the call.
Ain't no problem broski.
And everybody listen to Anime Jam Session.
Yes, because we will be covering what may be our very last con that we're going to, but we have another con review coming up in a couple weeks after that.
Well then it's not really your last con, is it?
For the staff, yes.
Wait, so you guys are quitting cons?
No, we're done for the year.
Oh, for the year. Oh god, I was like, oh my god, wait a minute.
Oh, no, no, no, never. Never.
I was like, Ram, what the fuck is going on? Okay, for the year, that makes sense.
No, I think my funeral services might be at a con. That's how much of a con for I am.
Rama, not that I want to talk about that day anytime soon, but if I happen to still be here when that happens, I will see to it that the fucking kids pay their respects to the great black Luigi.
Will we be putting up the death note with your name in it?
This time I will allow it.
Alright, take care buddy.
For the record, one last thing. Every time I see someone refer to SNK, I don't think of the anime, I think of my... and all the King of Fighters games.
I always think of Capcom vs SNK 2, which is me.
I keep thinking of Shingeki no Kyojin. You start reading the manga, it's phenomenal.
Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna.
You have to, it's so good.
I gotta wrap up, take care buddy.
Later.
That's gonna do it for the Skypline tonight. I'm really sorry to those that didn't get through, but if you want to call in in a future week, you can do that.
Call in, or you can always leave an email at mailbagatorangelaungeradio.com, a Facebook comment at facebook.com slash orangelaungeradio, or a tweet at twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Speaking of tweets, I have a few of these to do tonight.
sj100matt sent us a few tweets.
This one you sent us about Neon FM was in last week's show, just a heads up.
But the other one is about the Conan O'Brien thing where he played the scary games.
I've seen the tweets about this, I haven't watched this yet.
But I'll have to check this out, I don't want to play it over the air because it's Conan's thing.
But check that out, I'm sure it's hilarious because Conan is hilarious.
I paid a lot of money to see him live after he got kicked off of NBC and it was worth every penny.
So good times.
So check that out, he plays Slender the Eight pages and Amnesia and I'm sure it's great.
Tigerclaw sent us a few tweets.
Classic games are now preserved and accessible on archive.org.
How does this work? Because isn't emulation kind of a gray area? I'm trying to read about this.
The Internet Archive has created the Historical Software Archive,
which is significantly older software runnable in a browser, which includes many games.
Thanks to JSMess, the multi-emulator supersystem available in Java.
Jason Scott from the Internet Archive's site says,
We have the ability to watch video, listen to music, and read documents right in our browsers.
Not so with classic software until now.
Included in the collection are games such as Mystery House by Roberta Williams,
Karateka by Jordan Mechner, I remember that game,
and Atari's infamous E.T., the extraterrestrial.
I had no idea, like does the copyright lift on this after so many years?
I thought it was like 75 years and then some.
Because the Disney laws keep getting passed to keep Mickey Mouse out of public domain.
He might not have renewed that one.
I guess that's true.
Or maybe because emulation is such a gray area because these games are so old,
like maybe it's just not a big deal. I don't know.
But that's still pretty cool. I'll check that out after the show.
One other quick tweet here from Tigerclaw. It's about the Mortal Kombat film director,
Kevin Tancho Rowan. I'm totally mispronouncing that name, sorry.
He's the director of Mortal Kombat Legacy and he has walked away from it.
He talked about it on Twitter.
He did the Mortal Kombat Legacy web series and that was after Mortal Kombat Rebirth.
New Line Cinema actually asked him to direct a future film in the Mortal Kombat universe,
but he said,
After three years of combat, I've decided to move on to other creative opportunities.
I wish everyone involved in the movie a big success. Thanks.
I can see that. Three years is a long time to spend on one project.
You might not want your life and your career defined by the one thing.
So, I can see that.
Speaking of video games becoming movies, you know, BlizzCon is in two weeks
and there's going to be lots of Warcraft movie news that comes out of that, I'm sure.
I think they cast their first person too. I think I remember seeing a story on that too,
that their first official person is cast in that.
Oh, I know Tigerclaw tweeted that at some point,
but I don't have it up on the screen right now and it is live radio.
I think it's probably on the Horde House page.
I'm sure it got posted there. I'm trying to find it right now.
Nah, I can't bring it up. I don't remember the guy's name.
Maybe somebody will yell it out in chat, but it was from some Viking thing on TV.
I didn't recognize the name of the guy.
There was stuff about Colin Farrell in the past.
Yeah, those are rumors.
Him and Paula Patton, who is Robin Thicke's wife, is rumored for that movie too.
We don't know who they're playing though. They haven't said anything about that.
Alright, we'll get into more of that on Horde House.
But for now, this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio...
Travis Fimmel.
Thank you, thank you.
This week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio is about to an end.
Hey, I want to thank you guys for tuning in and listening to the show.
Thank you for supporting our little podcast that we do here every week.
We do this for you guys. You're great.
And if you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio, please just help us spread the word.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes or a thumbs up on Stitcher.
Actually, Stitcher does reviews now. I don't know if you guys know that.
Stitcher has reviews, so you can review us there. That would be fantastic.
Or wherever you found out about this podcast, somebody else will probably find out about this podcast too.
So please help us spread the word.
In the meantime, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Jason, thank you very much for taking the drive up here to be with us tonight.
Always.
A little voiceover work you do on the show.
Always.
And thank you for being you.
Thank you for the washer and dryer.
It's the least I can do for the guy that helped keep our website up and running for the past so many years.
Decade?
Yeah, for the past decade.
It feels like a little bit under that. I think, what, 2004?
I think I was graduated by the time everything really happened. Maybe not.
Between you and Dekeman. Although it probably is about time we look at doing a new OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Because there's so much. Now that we have VOG Network, there's so much on the old site we don't really use.
So we need to trim it back a little bit and get those Chinese spammers out of there. Bastards.
Anyway, your final thought, sir.
Wow, what is my final thought?
Hurry to driving. Another 14 hours next Saturday, plus the two hours tonight to get back to San Francisco.
It's nice. It's a wonderful drive.
Are you driving to Phoenix next Saturday?
Yeah, I'm out of here. I'm driving to Phoenix.
I almost was going to be doing that same drive.
Yeah, you mentioned it earlier. I was like, ooh, hello.
Yeah, I'm going to Arizona for at least a week next Saturday.
And the funny thing is I might even be back in San Francisco the following week.
And then I have to figure out what my Thanksgiving plans are going to be.
But if I do come back to San Francisco, that means I'm going to do the 22 hour drive I-80 back home.
Because that's the only one that makes sense.
Well, maybe we'll see you right back here on OLR next month.
Quite possibly.
You're always welcome at the house anytime, Jason.
All right. Let's see. How about Dark Sakura? Your final thought.
Animal Crossing.
Man, there's... no.
Ed, move out.
Fuck Ed.
That's the final thought.
I'm absolutely irritated and I'm just having now all three characters in my village ignore Ed.
Because fuck him.
Not really, because he's disgusting.
I'm sorry, you don't wear purple eyeshadow when you're blue.
It just doesn't work.
And you don't give people jackhammers.
I'll tell all the Smurfs I know your fashion tips.
You know what? Okay.
No, mine is... this has been the night for nostalgia.
Because, you know, Pokemon and rival schools.
But then, Ikuma.
You are wonderful, Ikuma-san, but you had to mention Last Blade.
And I love that series.
So, I want a new Last Blade game, too.
My final thought tonight is fuck this headache.
And bless that bottle of wine that I'm going to get to open because Alan was able to get home.
Because you want a bigger headache.
That's right.
Thank you, Alan, for running and making light rail.
He can't hear me. He has headphones on.
Alright.
Oh no, here he is.
He came out and said you're welcome. Thank you, Alan.
Rob, we bread.
Finally. Yay, Jamie, we mated.
Wait. Scratch that.
Loki, last but not least.
No, we breed puzzle pieces, remember?
Loki, last but not least. Your final thought.
My final thought is I'm still acquiring pieces for my portable screen thing.
I've actually been using that screen quite a bit at work because that's what we play.
It's what I play on my PlayStation 3, so it's working out really good.
And I'm now trying to find an audio amp, which I'm going to go with an old USB speaker.
And the battery, which I have one picked out already.
And now a DC-DC converter.
And then I just need to design a case and vacuum form that bitch.
Which will be hard.
Good luck.
The Virtual Boy looks so weird.
I love my Virtual Boy hat. I love it.
Alright, that's really it. We're done. We're out of here.
Thank you guys very much for listening to our show.
We'll be back next week to do it all again.
Episode 526.
Until then, Jason, take us out.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
