All this and more begins right now.
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers
No, it's not on.
Now it's on.
Did I do my math right?
I don't care.
Math sucks.
Why are you meh?
Sunday is fun day.
Because I'm waiting for Halloween to be over so I can buy Purim costumes.
Fair enough.
and then get all the candy on sale and then make candy corn muffins or something.
Actually, I am planning, even though I'm not doing sugar very much, I'm planning on making candy corn vodka.
Hooray!
Vodka doesn't count.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then Candy Corn and it's like Candy Corn Oreos and like all this.
This is the time of year that I actually make my I kind of call it gourd soup.
But I make a butternut squash, pumpkin and sweet potato soup.
Yummy.
And it's really creamy.
But now the way that I make these is I make them all savory.
So I put like garlic and rosemary and all kinds of savory herbs in it so that it's sweet and savory at the same time.
And you guys, she's going to bring some to the next show.
Yay!
Maybe I will.
I've actually got the stuff to make my soup.
And this time I have purple mountain yams to add in it this time.
This sounds delicious.
I can't wait.
All the listeners are hungry now.
But everybody should be jealous of my amazing dinner because I had rabbit and beef liver for dinner.
Poor Bugs Bunny.
Too Much Fucking Pumpkin, Yo
Well, even our chatters have wrong opinions sometimes here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But after all, it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
I don't like pumpkin.
And there he is, Tech Master Loki.
What's wrong with you?
I don't like pumpkin.
You don't like pumpkin?
No.
All right.
Well, some people think I'm weird because I don't like mayonnaise.
I don't think I introduced myself.
I'm Rob Roberts, by the way.
If you don't know me, I'm Rob Roberts, and I hate mayonnaise.
I can understand eating straight up mayonnaise, but on a sandwich is fine.
As long as it's not cooked.
Or tuna salad.
Mm-mm.
or Chicken Salad or everything with mayonnaise.
Last night, Alan and I went and got sushi and we got this one roll and I was kind of like, I think that's a mayo-based sauce and I'm going to have to kind of like eat the edges.
You know what?
I got sushi the other day and I had an allergic reaction to it because you know what was mixed in with the crab?
What?
Sriracha.
Oh no.
Sriracha crab?
That's weird.
It was how they made their spicy crab.
They mixed sriracha in with the crab and normally I'm fine with spicy crab because it's just like maybe a little, you know, something else hot but they mixed sriracha in it which I'm like stupidly allergic to.
So I actually still have a hive and it hurts.
Let's see.
Going to Ragenator in our chatroom says pumpkin flavored mayonnaise.
I'm sorry.
That won't work for me.
Just like it probably won't work for Loki.
That's not okay.
Well, here's the thing.
I don't understand putting mayonnaise on hot things.
With a sandwich, it's okay.
But people put it on burgers or they'll get a sandwich at a sandwich place and they're like, yeah, I'd like that toasted.
It's like, okay, cool.
Now it's like this nasty.
I am literally gagging right now and I don't mean like fashion runway I'm gagging at that I mean like I am actually about to barf when you're talking about that I won't tell you about what my mom used to eat as a snack no canned pears with mayonnaise and cheese I actually grew up on that it's pretty good all right look we need to talk about video games
What about a mayonnaise-flavored flurry or something like that?
What's wrong with you people?
I like homemade mayonnaise as a garnish on dishes.
Look, be nice to everybody and respectful, because we've got a guest here in studio tonight.
I bet she likes mayonnaise.
She might.
We're going to say hello to our guest here.
It's actually her second time on the show, but welcome back, as the case may be, to Shell is here tonight.
Thank you very much for having me
I think this happened after you were on the show.
Have you seen it?
It's on Wii U Virtual Console now.
No, I did not.
I could get that puppy over here right now for you to check out.
It's awesome.
That would be awesome.
I need to play more of it, to be honest.
Have you checked out anything lately?
I know we're going to get into gaming weeks a little later, but what kind of stuff have you been into in general as of late?
You know, since I've been busy, I've been getting my nostalgia on with old LucasArts stuff and a lot of free RPG stuff.
Fair enough.
Yeah, you know, you people light up my life with your independent RPGs that are fan-made stuff, but at the same time, guys, sometimes you need to work on your programming.
Because, you know, I want to meet you halfway, but when I noclip into a shelf, yeah...
There's such good stuff out there, though.
Like, there are a lot of great indie RPGs, and the great thing about RPGs is that they're a great time, they take forever to beat, usually, so they're a great time scene.
And I'm thinking of things like, you know, Cthulhu Saves the World.
Have you played any of that stuff?
No.
Adorbs.
Adorbs.
Do you have, are you a Steam user?
Not really so much, no.
My computer's broke as hell, and it's also four years old.
It's doing some interesting breakage right now, in fact.
If you're able to put some band-aids on it, check out Steam.
Some of these indie RPGs are like $1.50.
They go on sale.
There'll be a winter sale, as there always is, going into New Year's and such this year.
It'll be like, hand us a couple quarters and here's like 50 games.
Sales all the things.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Don't forget there's something we're bringing up in Part B for people who are not on Steam.
Absolutely.
A little teaser.
A little teaser.
So Chell will have to pay attention in Part B. There will be a quiz tonight.
I don't know if they told you.
There will be a quiz.
What other stuff do you do for fun, Chell?
I haven't been doing much fun lately.
I've mostly been working on just getting stuff for my degree together and working on a lot of learning 3D stuff because one day I hope to join the unwashed masses and start churning out games like I want to play.
Awesome.
Have you thought about what would be your dream company to work for?
Rob doesn't usually ask stupid questions, haha, or at least I had to tell myself, but that one was pretty dumb.
It's not just that they make games that I want to play, it's that they seem like a really chill workforce.
Have you seen that leaked handbook that's online?
That's like the Valve company handbook, like what the employees get.
You know, their corporate culture is so interesting at Valve.
It's just so neat.
And I kind of think about, gosh, if they try to do something like that at my day job, I don't know if something like that would fly.
Some industries need structure, but it's so interesting as Valve has really pulled off this
Everybody's equal.
We don't have titles.
Your desk is on wheels, and you roll it where you need to go, and we don't tell you what to do.
You find projects.
You guys have to Google this if you've never seen this before, the Valve handbook.
Technically, I don't know if it's legit or not, but it seems like it would be.
I have no reason to doubt it.
Sounds pretty close, yeah.
And it's just like so interesting that, you know, a person might start work at this company and they don't have any assignments.
So they just have to go like find something to do.
But that's the type of people they're looking for.
Yeah, work raising.
Yeah, so...
All right.
Well, unfortunately, as we're broadcasting live here, we're having a little bit of stream troubles.
I'm going to keep going for the sake of the podcast, but for some reason, we're not actually able to reconnect.
And what's going on is actually on server room side because we are not able to reconnect at all.
So I'm going to try to keep this show going while doing tech at the same time.
All right.
I... Well, you know what?
We could go and bring up our next topic.
We could.
Or I have another idea, too, is that since this is for the sake of the podcast, why don't we do a quick musical interlude while we try to fix things, and then we'll be right back.
I could sing.
All right.
You want to sing us out?
Fly me to the moon.
No.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase dash.
Alright, we're back.
That wasn't awkward or anything, but the joys of doing live radio is that sometimes the feed just, the internets go down, there's a server reboot or something happens.
The tubes untube.
The tubes get untied or I don't know what happens.
Or it's just being a butthole.
Or a cat just pulled out the plug.
Let's be real, that's probably what happened.
But for once, that wasn't our fault, at least I can say.
So, alright.
Where were we when we left off?
I was talking to the lovely Chelle over there about the dream company she wanted to work for.
We were talking about Valve and just kind of what a different type of company Valve is.
So let me ask you this.
Knowing that the employees at Valve can work on whatever project they want, if you were to get hired by Valve, hypothetically, what would be your dream project?
Uh, Barring Half-Life Part 3.
Which may or may not be a thing.
Make sure that mic's on, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Sibilance.
Sibilance.
That's right.
So, Barring Half-Life Part 3.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, that is a tough one.
Yeah, you know, I really always wanted to, you know, obviously see a Portal sequel, but I just want to work on something just really new and fresh coming down the pipe that...
They kind of hit me where I live, story-wise.
Everything they put out is just right along the lines of what I try to bring into my fiction.
The continuing themes of being alone in a strange place and having to survive through strange circumstances.
You are a little quiet, by the way, so just make sure you tap right in that mic.
No, that's okay.
So you would hope to work on Half-Life 3 or something kind of new, because I'm a little fancy.
Speaking of new and fancy, Valve did make a bunch of announcements last week about this Steam box.
Have you been following this news at all?
No, I'm completely out of the loop during the school year.
That's why we're here, to help you stay current.
The Steam Box, they announced, is it's going to have its own operating system, SteamOS, which you can put on any computer.
It's basically a version of Linux.
And then they're going to be selling these computers that are basically... It's kind of to rival consoles a little bit, to bring PC gaming closer to the living room, but there'll be all these different types.
There's no way there are going to be console prices.
Loki's shaking his head over there.
No way, huh?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Like that.
Seriously.
Even the low end was like a, I think like a 680, you know.
I was like, that's still way better than I've got now.
Nice.
And WhatUpG says, how about that new controller for the Steam box?
Yes, don't forget there is that little controller too with the fancy little, it's really kind of weird.
It's got like thumbsticks, but they're like touchpads.
And it's neat.
It's interesting.
It's different.
You know, it's not the same old, same old, so.
Anything with a million joysticks makes me want to hiss and run into a corner.
That's one of my main issues with... One of my continuing issues with Xbox.
Remember when Nintendo announced the Wii and they came out with that Wiimote and a lot of people were like, it's really simple.
And Nintendo was like, that's the point.
So many people are intimidated by all the buttons, like on an Xbox or a PlayStation controller.
The nice thing about the Wii controller is that, yes, there's some smaller buttons, but for a lot of people, there's just one big giant button
That says A, and then the little trigger thing.
And that's why so many senior citizens do the bowling and all that, you know?
You think they learned from the clusterfuck that was the N64 controller?
Which was a good controller, but still.
Yes, exactly.
It gives me horrible, horrible flashbacks to Rebel Alliance N64.
My brother having me help hold down all the buttons so he can just... Oh, God.
All right.
Well, Chow, we'll be talking to you about the news and such throughout the show.
Please feel free to chime in as you like to have your say on whatever's going on.
And those of you in chat room, same thing for you guys, live.vognetwork.com.
And Actdeft says, Loki, that's only for the prototypes.
Actdeft says, the retail version of the Steam Machine will probably offer lower specs.
I want the world, I want the whole world
All right.
I want to do a quick kickoff topic here, and we are running a little behind because of the live stuff, so I'll just quickly talk about tonight's... I know, right?
We're only ever here for like four hours.
This is going to be a big week in gaming, whether Loki wants to admit it or not, because Saturday, October 12th, sees the release of...
Pokemon X and Y!
You're not a Pokemon fan.
No.
Why not?
Because I have other things to like, like free time.
I see, I see, I see.
So you value your time so much that you don't want to get sucked into Pokemon because you see how Pokemon ruins lives.
Yeah, thanks, Shane.
No, the last one I played was Pearl, and I only ever played it at the gym, which was ironic because I was going to gyms.
At the gym!
I don't know why that's so funny, but I'm laughing.
You're a dog I hear like Jim.
So here's a Pokemon, Jim, so you can go to the gym at your gym.
It would be funny because if I were a dude, I could be Jim because I'm Jamie.
Ha ha.
Oh my god, stop.
So... Rob's red.
It's awesome.
So you just skipped?
This is like one of those nights where just anything's funny.
I'm sorry.
Because there's probably people out there listening going, Rob, it wasn't that funny.
Rob, it's not that funny.
Loki's
All right, hater.
Why are you hating on the Pokemon?
It's not a series I'm into.
And don't get me wrong, I understand that there are fans of it, and I'm not saying there's anything wrong with those fans.
I was just thinking, you know, that's probably why they have Shane working at a certain company, because he is the crack dealer for getting people into any game.
and you know they have him behind you know Pokemon well I've said this on Horde House is that Shane was born to do sales and I'd like that's that's where his ultimate calling is going to end up being someday but this is stop making this the Shane show I'm sure he's listening very happy that we're talking Pokemon and all this but
No, I don't understand it.
And honestly, to me, this looks like the way I look at a Madden release.
It's like, oh, cool.
Instead of colors this time, it's X and Y. Cool.
And that means nothing to me other than I assume that there's just going to be a few more Pokemon.
And you have to collect those to add to your ever-large collection of Pokemon that you battle each other for whatever reason.
I don't understand.
If you are moving in that direction, I'm kind of disappointed that there is an opportunity to go in the other chromosomes so you get Pokemons with some autosomal disorders.
You've got the Down Syndrome Pokemon that you have to help a little out, but he's punching for you.
Yeah, he's pulling for you.
That would have taken gaming into a whole new area.
What about Aspie Pokemon?
Yeah.
Where they take everything really literal and then, yeah.
and I'm allowed to say that so I'm looking at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com and Actdeft says Jim at the gym Jimception alright need to go down another level let's see Blackwolf says Loki's not into Pokemon because it's not Grand Theft Auto
Well, to be fair, we had a discussion last week where Jamie's like, I'm not that into Grand Theft Auto, and now this week it's, I'm not that into Pokemon.
And to be fair, like, if they had some sort of mini-game in Grand Theft Auto where you had to, like, raise dogs and fight them or something, you know, the Michael Vick of, you know, the Pokemon, you know, world, I still probably wouldn't play that because that sounds stupid.
It's just, I don't know, I just don't, I'm not into that type of game where you, especially if it has to do with raising stuff, I mean, and I blame Nintendogs for that because fuck that, that made...
Any sort of raising of anything is extremely boring.
Hey, cute puppies, what's wrong with that?
Oh, everything, because have you raised a dog before?
It's not all petting and playing Frisbee and stuff.
You have to fucking feed that shit, wash it.
You're going to be cleaning poop all day.
They just want attention all goddamn hours of the day.
Come to think of it, right after I quit WoW was after the whole Pokemon mode came out.
So maybe that has something to do with it, too.
To Loki's thing, they put Pokemon in WoW.
That did happen.
And I quit.
I thought we all quit because of LFR.
That was the real reason, anyway.
I liked LFR, to be honest.
Just because I could just pew-pew stuff, and as long as I didn't fuck up, which I never fucked up, I'd get pissed off at other people fucking up, but then it gave me an excuse to be mad at somebody else.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
that you have to like and like only the ones you send into the fight actually get XP and it's like oh my gosh I gotta grind this and grind this and it's like the OCD gamer in me and like Shane has tried to tell me this like why are you leveling up all your Pokemon you only need like three of them to be really good to go somewhere and I'm like you don't understand how I play RPGs
No, yeah, I totally get that.
It sets off my OCD like, whoa, it's like 100% completion, bitches.
And it's in the lyrics.
I want to be the very best.
First sentence.
Yeah, that re-release of the first three games when you've got all the new areas and you've got the three new islands.
I thought it was never going to crawl out of my room.
I was going to crawl out of it to die, basically, and not for water or food or anything.
So here's why I'm really excited about X and Y is that apparently they're going to have this experience sharing so that now you can actually level everything that's in your party at once.
Thank you, based Pokemon.
I am so excited.
So we'll see.
No putting Magikarp into battle first and hoping like hell.
But you got to admit, once you got Gyarados, everyone was fucked.
It was worth it.
So worth it.
And I have to say that Pokemon has offered me comfort over the years.
My Charmander pillow was my AX pillow.
And my Togepi was my present after I got held up at gunpoint.
Oh my gosh.
That's scary.
You know that happened.
Yeah, no, I know.
When you were working at the... I found $10 in the parking lot and Dan gave me another $10 and I bought a Togepi.
And I still have my Togepi.
I love Togepi.
So cute.
All right.
So, yeah.
Okay.
So it sounds to me like there's half going to get it and half not going to get Pokemon.
So we'll see.
All right.
We will be checking with listeners later.
Pokemon is like STDs.
You don't got to catch them all.
Stop.
Stop.
All right.
And of course, there's the mandatory Actdeft in chat says, how about them mudkips?
Shut up.
All right.
Matt Cube says, it is popular because it is a simple RPG.
Well, you know, I don't want to spoil the Fugle question of the week because we're going to get into it a little later.
But I just will say in general, I'm hearing a lot of people that are really attached to Pokemon.
The reason behind it a lot of times is that we're from that certain generation where like we were like,
and DarkSakura.
They do catch diseases.
Pikachu has rabies.
You have to decapitate him to figure it out.
They get like burn and paralyze and all that.
Is it a sick burn?
Pikachu, you're lame.
Burn.
Oh no.
It was very effective.
Little minigame where they have burn outside of battle and you've got to swath them in gauze and take them to the hospital and they've got like five weeks of recovery.
And then like Nurse Joy won't let you have them because you have to be evaluated for Pokemon crudely.
Nurse Joy is my favorite.
She's my absolute favorite character next to Jigglypuff in the whole thing is Nurse Joy.
Ew.
You know, they had like I think a new mini series of Pokemon that they're putting out.
Yeah, they are.
Somebody was just asking me in chat about it too.
Oh my God.
I have to talk about this.
Did you see that gif that's going around on Tumblr of like a squirtle beating the shit out of a Charmander and Red's like there with his mouth open like, holy shit!
I mean beating the shit out of him.
He's like, no, come back.
Literally forcing his fist into his ass and shit is popping out.
God, why are you being nasty?
No, it's a gif.
I'll have to find it on Tumblr but it's like seriously just like going full on ballistic.
It's hilarious.
Finding a gif on Tumblr, man, that's like a needle in a haystack right there.
HAHA
Alpha Cananogram says, are you going to watch Pokemon Origins?
I want to.
It's supposedly really short.
Yeah, that gif is from Pokemon Origins.
All right.
Okay, we've got to move on with the show.
We've got to get into gaming week still.
We'll talk more Pokemons later.
But I think I made my decision, I will say, as far as Pokemon goes.
I'm going to get... Hold on.
Shut up.
I'm going to get Pokemon Y. I've decided I'm going to get Pokemon Y. And...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
um Fractal is pretty much video gaming crack I've and thank you Rob for uh giving uh for gifting Bejeweled 2 to me because um you're welcome because I played the crap load of that but it's still more fun on my phone
Actdeft, I cannot look at videos on my iPad while I'm doing the show.
Sorry.
Take a picture of the sun, Steven.
All my heavens.
That is the most gruesome thing I've ever seen.
Those are... That was...
That scream was not okay.
A bite out of Charmander's neck.
The audio had to be even worse because that sounded like, I don't know, that was not okay, that high-pitched screaming.
That was a little too visually vague for me.
Actdeft, I want you to apologize to the listeners right now.
Poor Charmander.
That is a rabid Squirtle.
That Squirtle needs to be put down.
Oh my god, that sound was horrible.
Although it has settled the age-old debate of reptiles versus amphibians.
Because, you know, turtles and salamanders, natural enemies.
So, I played other games that didn't involve Squirtles biting the crap out of Charmanders.
And the, ah!
Actdeft says, sorry, I'm so sorry.
Good, good.
Mean it.
Next time Loki goes on to one of his rants, I'm just going to have that queued up.
Oh, I did buy something on sale on Steam.
Oh, what?
I bought Bioshock Infinite last night.
Oh, yeah, they've been having Uber sales this weekend.
And also, Half-Life 2 is like $3.
So I picked that up for PC.
so that, you know, I don't have to hurt my hand playing it on Xbox.
So, yeah, I've, I just, it's pretty much, oh, yeah, and of course, my crack, my animal crack, Animal Crossing.
Animal cracking.
Which, just to say, I'm actually considering busting out the GameCube again and playing my Dobutunomori.
Why not?
Because you can unlock the NES cartridges.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
The one that I have, there were two versions that came out on GameCube.
There was Doubutsu no Mori Plus, which is the one I have.
Then we got a better one in America after that.
And so that one was re-released in Japan as E+.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then Dan is all like starting to get on Fire Emblem but then he was back on GTA 5 so I'm like, are you gonna be done?
He's like, well wait until Blah Blah comes out and you're never gonna see the DS again.
I'm like, you watch and you're not touching the game because I'm playing Animal Crossing.
And I am still trying to get the stupid kitchen island but none of the islands ever have it so fuck the fucking fuckers.
But I have a tan now.
So, you have to go to the island to get your island.
To get a tan?
Yeah, to get my island.
There's too much this and a that in tonight's show.
But for anyone who wants to know how to keep your tan in the winter months, go visit the island in the morning.
And don't wear a hat.
Some of the hats actually block you from getting tans.
Is it real life?
Is it Animal Crossing?
I don't know anymore, people.
Hey, my character's cute.
Actdeft, you need to give me that.
You can get another one now.
Just give it to me.
Actdeft has a kitchen island and needs to give it to me.
Can't you visit his town and order it?
I'm plugging in right now.
Nice.
She took my DS charger off the table.
and going, I'm taking this.
This is mine now because there's an island for me to go steal from somebody else.
She's stealing from two people.
Nine tenths of the law.
Don't encourage her.
All right.
Chell, while you're still on my good side, how was your gaming week?
Oh, you know, pretty chill, you know, when I get a free minute.
Usually, you know, during school months, I'm kind of a casual gamer.
I've mostly been getting my PC game on.
Can I plug something?
Absolutely.
Yeah, so there's this one indie game coming out.
I've only played the demo so far, but oh man, you know, I think it's made in RPG Maker or something very similar.
It's called Undertale.
And the lead creator is Toby Foxx.
Man, you know, give money to this developer any way you can.
If he's walking by, throw money at his head.
Because this was like, just the demo just blew me away.
It has all the emotional punches of, you know, Earthbound, which I'm pretty partial to.
What'd you say this guy's name was?
Toby Fox.
Oh, that poor guy you know has got to be getting asked, what does the fox say?
She is encouraging bags of pennies to be flung at his head.
Yes.
Just saying.
He will thank you through the tears.
Because, you know, he had a Kickstarter and, you know, that closed.
But, you know, this comes out, buy it.
You will thank yourself after you stop crying, which maybe never.
Wait, so is that like crying laughter or crying like this game is really sad?
Oh, crying, like they punch you in the emotions.
It's not even necessarily sad, but it's a really beautiful, unique game experience.
The whole thing is you're this kid lost in this kind of underground place.
So, you know, Earthbound.
Oh, my God.
and so the the combat is kind of unique the combat system is you can choose to spare a monster or fight them and the whole you know this has been kind of done before but it affects how people interact with you and yeah no it's saying what I love about it we'll spoil it that's how much you need to go out and like play the demo and yeah throw money at him hopefully paper
That's fair, because in the beginning when I first played Journey, and since the game's been out for over a year now, it's fair for me to spoil it, especially because I think everybody knows this twist.
I said it was best to go into Journey to not know that it's secretly a multiplayer game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
that you know is a real person, but it's so hard to explain.
But it was one of those things because I didn't know when I played it for the first time that that was the twist in the game.
I was like, I want everybody to play Journey like that where they find out that twist on their own, and I think that kind of keeps it all the more shocking.
Sorry, the chat room made me think of another game.
I'm playing Mass Effect 3 again.
Of course, of course.
You know, emotional manipulation, I'm all for that.
I've also, you know, I really need to pick up the first Darkness, but I've also been playing Darkness 2 because I'm so topical.
And, you know, I really am enjoying the gameplay, but mostly I'm playing it for Mike Patton's juicy, juicy voice.
Fair enough.
Yeah, you know, I know it's been set up and down, but no post-production.
The man is demonically good.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, I'm sure the indie scene loves the fact that you're plugging that stuff.
So, yeah, by all means.
Is there a website that you know off the top of your head?
Well, they've got a Tumblr, and it's just search Undertale.
They should pop up.
I think they've got an official site, but so far it's just got the demo on it.
The Tumblr is mostly posting fan art right now and updates, which are kind of sparse.
Mm-hmm.
and, you know, I'm doing this completely unprompted, which, you know, I might appreciate a game kicked my way someday.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Not naming any names, Toby Fox.
All right.
All right, well, let's move on then, if that's everything Chell has for now.
We'll go over to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I just played Grand Theft Auto.
Oh, Mass Effect.
There's a shock.
To be fair, I see Tim Tripp in the chat room says, oh man, I missed the Mass Effect tears.
That's kind of what prompted Jamie to go down that path.
She was provoked by chat.
Grand Theft Auto Online What's the game?
There's an actual storyline that goes along with it.
Basically, your character comes to Los Santos after Lamar, which is Franklin's friend in the single-player game.
He follows you on Life Invader, which is their version of Facebook.
You come into town and you're doing jobs for different people.
They have a guy, Simeon, that you're doing repos for.
There's some other guys that you're doing drug stuff for, stealing meth from people and
and that's just like the missions and then on top of all that you can do the free roaming stuff where you can rob liquor stores you can steal cars you can just shoot people you know one on one do that stuff or there's races death matches you can do skydiving stuff a whole bunch of different activities in the game and it's up to 16 players and you get randomly thrown in with some people usually and
and then on top of that you can do these death matches and stuff with other people.
So a lot of times what I've found is I'm getting dumped in a game, I'll go do a mission or something, I'll come back and it's not the same people in the same world anymore.
It's like a whole different set of people.
Did you have something to add to that, Chell?
I was just going to say kids, don't take drugs.
Buy your own.
Don't say that!
I've been enjoying it so far.
You get to create how your character looks based off of your ancestry and stuff.
They have different people that you pick as your grandparents and your parents.
Or you pick the grandparents and that alters what the parents look like and then
that alters what you look like.
And I heard, and I was reading an email a little bit ahead of the game, so I apologize for the email, or I'm going to spoil a little bit of their email, but I heard you can be a woman in Grand Theft Auto Online.
So that kind of helps the whole, like, you can never be one, but you can in Grand Theft Auto Online.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So they have to wait outside the store.
And so I know they're doing that.
So immediately when I go out there, I switch my gun and I shoot them.
Because I'm like... So you shoot kids is what you're saying here on the show.
I'm shooting kids playing the game.
Loki is the enforcement to keep kids out of Grand Theft Auto.
If he sees a child playing Grand Theft Auto, he will shoot them.
But you can do all sorts of things.
You can buy property in the game and garages.
And you can customize your cars and the way you look and everything.
It's just, it's kind of fun.
It's just this whole leveling up system and stuff and you level up your stats based on what you're doing in the game.
So, I don't know, I'm enjoying it.
I've been playing both on PS3 and 360.
The PS3, I'm on level 12 because I've been playing that mostly because my coworkers say, oh yeah, get the PS3 version, we're going to be totally on there playing PS3.
Yeah, not a single one of them on PS3.
So I may go back to 360 again and level up my character there.
But we have the crew.
It's open.
We've got our fun little logo there and stuff.
So Rockstar Social Club, look for crews, look for VOG Network, and you can sign up and come play with us, I guess.
There you go.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and all that to get my seal or my I keep saying seals but there are tomes actually and that's really mostly what I've been doing I gotta say though I was really impressed with the ending I'm using my quotey fingers because you know it's an MMO it doesn't really end
but Final Fantasy XIV has a pretty definitive story from start to finish and when you finish the actual story you get like this 25 minute ending and I gotta say I was happy with it and it's simple but it's effective like for somebody that's really invested a lot of time in the game I was like I really get the sense that I accomplished something and now I see what's next for my character and that's such a great feeling playing an MMO which usually doesn't
Ever End.
So yeah, that's really all I can say.
I can't really talk about a lot of other games.
I will say I did pick up a new toy the other day.
I did pick up a new HD game capture card or I should say more like a box.
It's more a box.
It's like a USB connected thing.
And I am really excited because I purposely wanted to get something that would do the new consoles through HDMI and this does the old consoles because the component doubles as a composite plug-in.
So I am really excited to stream a variety of stuff as soon as I can get it working with my laptop and all that So that's something in the future, in the coming weeks So I will be able to diversify things a little more than just playing the same MMO all week long I'm going to force myself to do that I've been very busy with personal life stuff Rocky Horror, which I'm directing, is this coming Saturday So as you can imagine, I'm super busy with that
I wouldn't know anything about playing all games to the exception of all else.
And how many hours have you spent on Mass Effect?
Shut up.
Three digits or four now?
Shut up!
Alrighty.
That's enough for our gaming weeks.
Quickly, some housekeeping.
Actually, I actually have things for housekeeping tonight.
I want to plug another podcast I was on today and thank them for having me.
Check out the Let's Wow podcast.
That is World of Warcraft.
So yes, I still dabble in World of Warcraft even though I've talked about a lot of Final Fantasy XIV lately, but I did guest on their show tonight.
That's episode number 31 and you can check that out.
That'll be in their archive soon, available on iTunes and Stitcher and all that.
Again, that's the Let's Wow podcast.
Thank you kids for having me on.
And we talked about World of Warcraft and other MMOs.
And I razzed my good buddy Gemet for a good 500 minutes.
Let's see.
Other things I want to plug.
It is that time of year again where a lot of podcasts are going to be asking you to vote for them in the Podcast Awards.
Which is right now kind of what we have in the little podcast industry to recognize the podcast media world.
Sometimes I'm a little iffy on how I feel with it all being kind of a popularity contest at the end of the day.
But I will say being able to be nominated for it and collect the votes and stuff is really good promotion for us.
And it's always really nice to be able to kind of share in that with other gaming podcasts that really work hard for what they do.
So I hope we will get that honor again this year to be in the podcast awards.
But if we aren't,
we're still going to do what we do here every Sunday night regardless but I would encourage you podcastawards.com if you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio please consider nominating us for best gaming podcast and because you can actually do you can do the one of the top two categories and a subcategory gaming is a subcategory we're also going to urge you to vote for people's choice for Orange Lounge Radio which kind of makes sense because we're a show about people and community and you guys all having a voice so people's choice and gaming
and We're Choice.
So there you go.
Check that out, podcastawards.com.
We really appreciate your consideration and consider supporting other independent podcasts that you listen to throughout other categories as well.
And if you feel that some other podcast is more deserving of a nomination than us, then that's cool.
We're good.
Just support your favorite show no matter who it may be.
Alright, I think that's it for housekeeping.
Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, and Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, now we can have ourselves some gaming news.
So, Loki?
Let's get on to some gaming news.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about the Xbox One.
It was, I guess, put out there this last week that...
It's going to take about 15 to 20 minutes to download the Xbox One Day One patch.
So expect a short delay before you get into your gaming.
Which, if I remember correctly, I believe that is a lot less of a wait than you had to for the Wii U. Wasn't that Wii U Day One patch like...
Well, that's because Nintendo's download servers are slow as hell.
Like, I don't know.
Well, I think they've gotten a lot better.
But remember, all the crazy Nintendo fanboys were all hammering that thing at the same time.
I mean, not that it excuses it, but it's the reason why it was downloading slow.
All right.
And then I was going to talk real quick because I actually had noticed this and I posted it on Twitter earlier this week about...
The next gen digital file sizes.
Holy shit.
So there's some new SKUs that are coming out for a bunch of different things.
And I don't know why.
I guess they're just trying to get people to buy in on this stuff.
But like NBA 2K14, they have a super fan pack.
And also for Call of Duty Ghosts, they have an Xbox edition.
and what these two things are is they're retail items that are digital that you go to the store and buy this packaging and it comes with codes for both the Xbox 360 version and the Xbox One version or in the case of NBA 2K, the Xbox 360, Xbox One version or PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 version.
The fine print, though, tells you how big those files are, like how much hard drive space you need.
So it's not a big surprise that the current gen stuff is anywhere from 8 to 10 gigs.
The next gen stuff, and this is kind of like, you know, imagine if they went that way where they were trying to really push digital, 60 gigabytes.
Wow.
60.
That's a long fucking time to download that.
I mean, that is a good, like even on my good internet connection, about 15 hours.
Yeah, that's a lot of HD stuff.
And I mean, isn't it still out there, these caps on bandwidth that people get in a month?
I think there might be some.
I think Comcast suspended theirs for a little while and they were going to up it to 300 gigs.
But still, imagine Comcast up their thing to 300 gigs.
That's like six games in a month, which I guess that is a lot.
But, I mean, and then nothing else on your internet.
So, let's be real.
It's still, I mean, that's a long time to wait for something digitally.
And, yeah, I understand that they do have the technology where they can start streaming the game after a certain amount of it's downloaded.
But, shit, even if it's half of it, that's still eight hours that you have to wait before you can start playing that game.
And if that's something that you're planning on buying at launch, you know, you might as well just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and so on.
One of the reasons why their big ideas of making this all digital world is just not feasible right now with our internet infrastructure.
It's just not going to work.
So, that's it.
Well, what do you think though?
If the console life cycle is like 10 years or whatever, do you think that maybe in that amount of time we will be at that point?
Possibly.
I mean, it's going to take some sort of, I think, government funding to kind of put, you know,
I guess get these companies to want to improve their infrastructure because right now a lot of these companies have monopolies in the different areas and so there's really no need for them to try to get their internet speeds faster.
Just like with Comcast, I was trying to get this one plan that they had that was $70 because I pay about $60, $70 right now for just internet.
It's in a different area where it's double the internet speed that I have now plus cable for the same price.
And of course...
Oh, I'm sorry, that plan's not in our area.
Of course.
That's the problem.
There's monopolies everywhere, so they're not going to be in a big hurry to offer faster internet without some sort of government funding, because why bother spending the money on the upgrade or service when we can just charge more and keep the same level of service or decline it?
Alright, well, one thing people were using their bandwidth for this week was to watch the latest Nintendo Direct.
You know, Nintendo likes to do these where they just take the news, they take their case straight to their hardcore fanbase, and it's been working for better or worse for them.
They unveiled the latest Nintendo Direct on October 1st, which kind of ran down, here's where Nintendo's at for the end of the year.
One big...
I'm gonna go out on a limb.
and say that this is strategy.
I don't know if this was necessarily because the game's not done, but this was maybe to buff up 2014, this coming winter, where things didn't work out so well in 2013.
I think you're right because they had too much stuff coming out.
In the fourth quarter, there's too much stuff coming out.
Nintendo themselves, they have Wii Fit U in the beginning of November.
Super Mario 3D World
I'm thinking more like April at this point.
Maybe there's something happening there where they want to strategically spread out the first party releases.
Plus, I don't think there are a lot of releases on the Wii U right now.
We're running into the same situation we did last year where there was nothing coming out for a few months.
I think that's what we're going to see now.
I definitely know there's nothing coming out in December and there's nothing coming out right now in January.
Well how does Xbox One and PlayStation 4 look for next year in the winter?
I mean aren't they going to be the ones that are kind of hurting for games in the winter?
I think everyone's going to run in the same situation, but right now we don't have a firm lineup for what we have for the first quarter of the year.
They haven't really announced that stuff yet.
Probably later on into the fourth quarter we'll know that because right now their focus is on the fourth quarter.
I don't think anything's going to get delayed to the beginning part of the year, but they still haven't made their announcements of what titles they have coming up.
EA hasn't announced what they really have coming aside from... Yeah, but EA's not a factor on Wii U either.
True.
Yeah, very true.
Unfortunately.
But even like other companies, there's just no big titles that have been announced yet.
At least not a lot of titles for February.
Well, WhatUpG says Titanfall is next spring, right?
I guess that's a big one.
I think that's more summer.
I don't think that's coming out in spring at all.
Do you think Destiny?
I think Destiny's going to be that same time frame too.
I know that's a big one.
I think Destiny's, yeah.
Maybe fourth quarter.
It's second half of the, or at least second quarter, I think.
Fair enough.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, further proves that their whole E3 conference video just showed 2014 games.
Captain Spike says, absolutely gutted about Donkey Kong.
One of my most anticipated games of 2013.
Well, at least you're still getting a solid platformer in the form of Super Mario 3D World, which some of the early previews are coming back very positive, which is no surprise at all.
I mean, you know, a lot of the Mario games are very strong performers.
I can't think.
What was the last one that people didn't like?
Sunshine?
That was a while ago.
Hotel Mario?
What's that?
Hotel Mario.
That's a long time ago.
Hey, Sunshine was fun.
Yeah, Sunshine still has its defenders.
I liked Sunshine, actually, myself.
So, I mean, most Mario platformers aren't bad.
They just aren't.
I mean, there's been some that are like, that's okay.
But most of them are very, very good.
So at least you got a solid platformer in that to look forward to in November now in Japan and Europe.
Sonic will be coming to Super Smash Brothers, whatever they call it.
Well, I see you rolling your eyes over there, Loki.
I was actually a little surprised because of the fact it's a third-party character.
I didn't think they'd recycle those, but I guess... Really?
Yeah, because Nintendo's not publishing Mario and Sonic at the Olympics, a game that was a Sega game.
I guess.
This is not surprising at all.
It's about surprising.
Oh, hey, Luigi's in this game.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
Fair enough.
More surprising they said he wasn't in the game.
Mm-hmm.
Next step character, Scarlet Witch.
Let's hope.
Let's see.
And Pikmin 3 is getting DLC.
Nintendo's kind of further going down the DLC spiral with Pikmin 3 DLC.
But a lot of people looking forward to it.
And, you know, I got to say the Super Luigi U was pretty good.
So, I mean, if Nintendo can keep making robust DLC packages like that,
This isn't a bad thing at all.
Also, some folks very excited.
I'm sure Actdeft was screaming, shaking, crying, and convulsing over the fact that there is a new Kirby game on its way to the 3DS.
As if the 3DS needed more powerhouse games, but here's another one.
Kirby's on its way, and Loki's going, yep, yep.
That's what I was saying.
Like, you know, all these announcements like, wow, more great titles for the 3DS, and then like,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Outro Music
Zelda A Link Between Worlds Dungeons can be played in any order
DarkSakura
So I would imagine there's still going to be an optimal order, just like in any Mega Man game or something.
But the cool thing is it'll kind of open it up for those speed runners and people that like to bend the rules a little bit to try different patterns.
So that'll be pretty cool.
Yeah, I'm just looking forward to it being just a smash hit and quieting the people who will not shut up about Ocarina of Time slash Majora's Mask.
Guys, we all love those games.
They're not the only Zelda games.
Come on.
Thank you.
Will you give me a fist bump for that statement?
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Those games, Ocarina, they have their place, but...
Link to the Past
When you go there, whoever was last there, their data is on the little machine waiting for you to get it on your 3DS.
Well, they're going to upgrade these relay points.
Six people now will be on these things.
So if you go to Starbucks, you can get up to six people on these things.
That's even better because I actually do go to... There's this one that Becky and I go to at least twice a week.
Yeah, I know.
That's great.
That's awesome news.
And some content distribution events are planned for use over the relay.
So...
Interesting.
Very cool stuff.
I guess it'll push demos through to your 3DS if you opt in for it, so that'll be really cool.
DarkSakura, I think you have more Nintendo stuff for us, right?
But I'm putting my island up.
Yes, I do have other news.
Thank you, Actdeft, because I've really been wanting an island for a while.
Well, how about the new Wii U firmware?
It's also going to have a bunch of other features now.
It's going to be 700 megabytes, so it's going to take a while to download.
But it has internet browser updates, it has more demos and trial software, USB keyboard support, Dolby ProLogic 2...
Smartphones will be able to connect to the Nintendo Network ID You can view a friends list from the Wii U menu You have your headset that can hook to the gamepad and be used for chat And you can read PDF files on the Wii U And you can also save your passwords for websites So, lots of stuff
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, no, I mean, it'll get done in 30 minutes.
But my point is, don't wait until the day Mario 3D comes out to do this.
Like, if you're listening to my voice and you own a Wii U and you haven't done this yet, you probably just want to go turn that guy on right now and just let the update be over and done with and then be ready for, you know, Zelda Wind Waker HD or whatever the next game is you're going to get.
Or get up in the morning, have it update, and call your mom.
Or whichever relative you have living right now.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Talk to them!
Thanks for watching!
and go outside and get some fresh air.
Get a job.
Wait, I need to get a job.
All right, Loki.
All right.
So let's see here.
Let's talk a little bit about PlayStation 3 getting its own firmware update as well.
4.5 finally came out and what it does is adds the auto downloads to people that are not in PlayStation Plus.
So you'll be able to also transfer data between your PlayStation 3 and Vita via Wi-Fi.
Um, and Ethernet connections, I guess originally you can only do it through the transfer cable that they had.
And also, um, lets you, uh, set up, I guess, um, groups of players, um, that can see your trophies.
So you can either have that open to everybody.
I don't know why you wouldn't want to, why you would hide your trophies from people unless, unless there was like a trophy for going to the strip club a lot of times and Grand Theft Auto 5 or something, you know, I, I don't know.
Well, remember when I was getting all those achievements in Dance Dance Revolution Universe?
Because I had it like the day it came out and I started playing it right away.
And I got a message from... What was his name?
That guy who had all the achievements.
He ended up getting banned from Xbox because it turns out they were... Oh, Strip Club DJ.
That was his name.
He sent me a message like, how are getting the achievements in that game?
What's the difficulty?
Like...
I don't even know how he found me.
I think he used one of those websites that shows you who's doing well in achievements.
And I think at that moment in time, I had more achievement points in that game than anyone else on release day.
So maybe if I'm in that situation again, I want to hide trophies.
Oh!
it just occurred to me if I'm reviewing games people might ask me to turn that feature on to not spoil because a lot of the trophy lists leak from review copies so maybe that's to encourage critics and so forth to not leak it I bet that would be one
Anyways, they have it.
So, cool.
But yeah, so basically, so the auto-download's kind of cool.
About time everybody gets that.
Here's the thing, okay, and this isn't really PlayStation, but like, you know, speaking of system updates and stuff, fucking 360, man.
Every time I log in live now, I'm still getting that fucking prompt to add a second, like, a second method to confirm my passwords or stuff if I need to.
You know, like a second way they can contact me, basically.
And I've filled it out a bunch of times.
And I've even filled it out via texting, via email.
And it still fucking says, oh, sorry, you only have one form to contact you.
Are you okay with this?
I'm like, yes, I'm okay with this.
Nope, sorry, you need to please add another way to contact us.
That's weird.
And I even did it through the website.
They have a special website you go to to confirm that.
Because obviously it says, oh, yeah.
You can go ahead and add it through this.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Actually, no, you can't add it through this.
You have to go onto this website to do it.
And I did that, and it confirmed it, and it still fucking doesn't work.
And I get prompted every fucking time I log in.
You need to call Microsoft or something.
It's not like something's wrong.
You need to fucking flip them off is what I need to do.
Aren't you kind of doing that right now?
Because Microsoft executives right now and their tech support are listening to the show and going, oh, no, one customer is having a problem.
Well, I'm a customer that has a podcast.
Fear me.
He's a loud-ass customer.
Let's be real, DarkSakura.
So are you.
Where everyone has a voice.
That's right.
And we use our voice to say, fuck you!
All right.
Speaking of consoles and things, one console will be going away.
Rest in peace.
Bye.
It's Nintendo's Wii, believe it or not.
Nintendo's Wii will be ending production soon in Japan.
We don't have any word about the U.S.
or other territories, Canada, Europe.
We don't know.
But in Japan, let's be real, the Wii isn't selling so hot anymore.
985 Wii units were sold in a week, which really isn't a lot.
So the Wii is going to be fading to black.
And it kind of makes sense for Nintendo.
Push the Wii U. Make people buy that to play the games.
It makes sense for them.
So, yep, they'll be sunsetting the Wii.
I would bet that maybe trying to push the Wii U a little harder, especially in a year where in Japan there's no competition, isn't exactly a bad move.
So, nice knowing you, Wii.
Good not to have yourself as competition.
Right?
Well, in a way, that's what Nintendo would have right now in Japan.
If you think about it in terms of production costs, making a machine that no one's buying, then, yeah, there's no need to keep putting the production money into it when you could be using it for Wii U. I mean, what is going to be on the shelves in Japan?
There's Wii U. Now there's not a Wii.
There's 360, but in Japan, that's not a factor.
Sorry.
And the PlayStation 3.
So it's literally going to be, do you want the new system or the old system?
That's the way it is in Japan right now.
DarkSakura.com
Yes, because I'm always good that way.
Well, here is something that- How long have you had some of my games?
What, you mean that I've actually played?
I'm just giving you credit.
Playing games.
Okay.
So, well, this should interest you.
You like SimCity, don't you?
I like the old SimCity.
I like the first SimCity game.
I like SimCity Action News on the CD-ROM.
Remember that?
Do I have to go get those YouTubes?
Because I will.
Ah!
There's a big... No.
They should make me a voice actor.
Well, Maxis is considering an offline mode for SimCity.
The note was put on the State of SimCity blog where the Emeryville manager, Patrick Butcher, I guess...
is saying that they are considering an offline mode, apparently since a lot of people, yes, Alan, I will check out your Saturn, since a lot of people have been complaining that it is specifically on.
The quote says, right now we have a team specifically focused on exploring the possibility of an offline mode.
I can't make any promises on when we will have
have more information but we know this is something that many of our players have been asking for so who knows maybe it'll be sooner rather than later
I'm interested.
I don't have the game yet, but I'm interested in offline mode.
Here's my concern, because SimCity is starting to come down in price a little bit.
I have a feeling that they'll do it as part of an expansion or something to get you to spend the full $60, which, I mean, whatever.
I would consider still spending it on an offline SimCity that doesn't require Origin, but we'll see.
Yeah, well, I honestly, and just on the same note, I wish that there would be updates across the board for all of them so you don't have to use Origin, but that's me.
And everybody else that plays Mass Effect 3.
Alright, traveling around the world and checking out some release dates, things that will be coming a little sooner than SimCity Offline Mode.
Loki.
This week on PlayStation 3, we have Beyond Two Souls coming out.
Also, Borderlands 2 Game of the Year Edition making its way out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Disgaea D2, A Brighter Darkness on PlayStation 3.
The Capcom Essentials Collection on Xbox 360 and PS3.
That's a bunch of old games, by the way.
Just Dance 2014 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and Wii U Dishonored Game of the Year Edition on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC and then let's see here also on Saturday it's a small portable game called Pokemon X and Y those will be coming out in 3DS
Might sell a couple copies.
Yeah, they may make a couple.
And then on Sunday, they have Skylanders Swap Force.
It's new because you can take the top part of the character and put it on the bottom part of another character.
Woo!
Innovation!
Swapping!
And jumping!
You can jump now!
Woo!
Sell me a thousand copies already.
It will sell much more than a thousand copies.
Yes, so... Hey, you know, my five-year-old nephew is nuts about that game, so... Has your five-year-old nephew checked out Disney Infinity as well?
I have permanently disbarred him from anything Disney related online so no wow this sounds like a story I'd like to see I also want to mention that also on Saturday that coincide with the Pokemon X and Y on the 3DS you can buy a 2DS one less DS in there
If 3D is too much for you... If the 3D will blow your mind, the 2D will just kind of simmer your mind.
I am hearing, take it with a grain of salt, but I am hearing that the 2DS, a lot of people kind of like the way it feels when they play it, for what it's worth.
I mean, despite the fact that a lot of people have been very critical about the design and how it doesn't fold the same way and so forth.
Hearing a lot of positive feedback about kind of how it feels when it's in your hands, so...
I like to mention though, even though I do happen to peruse the Evil G website for some release dates sometimes, I am kind of confused at why they're selling GoPro accessories for GameStop
I don't know, I don't know
Also coming out in Japan on the 10th, F1 2013, Grand Theft Auto V's Japanese release, Mineno Golf 6 gets a best release, a price reduction, Sakatsuku Pro Soccer Club Osukoru comes out from Sega, and Tales of Symphonia, the Unisonant Pack comes out in, there's like a regular, there's a Famitsu Deluxe Pack, and there's a Lala Bit Market Limited Edition Pack.
So there's all that.
If you're Tales of Symphonia, looking forward to that.
Also worth mentioning, a game called Fairy Fencer F comes out from Compile in a regular and limited edition.
Fairy Fencer, is that like fencing?
Like what you see in the Olympics?
You put them on a spike.
DarkSakura.com
Now, by fairies, do you mean vocaloids?
Because that's what they look more like.
I think it might be.
I'm not sure.
But fairy fencing.
They're fencing your face off, basically, if you're that grizzly bear.
I'm a fenced.
Wait.
Alright, let's see what's coming out on other systems in Japan this week.
Moving on over to the Xbox 360.
Haha, I know, but there are still things coming out, including Grand Theft Auto V, F1 2013, the Batman Arkham Pack, and there's an Xbox Live 12-month, 2-gold membership card that comes with Grand Theft Auto V. I don't really know what that means, but that is something that is happening in Japan.
They probably had something similar here, I just missed it.
on the PlayStation Vita this week.
Dream Club Zero Portable gets a price reduction.
A new game called Getsui Gakuen Kou comes out this week.
Wait, wait, wait, what?
Getsui Gakuen Kou comes out this week.
Gakuen is cool.
Can I see what that looks like?
You sure can.
Thank you.
This is the one screenshot I have.
Unless this other, let me check out this other page.
Might have more.
Some school thing.
Fantastic radio here we have.
Well, that has an extra screenshot.
Or that just shows what it comes with.
Oh.
Oh, I want to see what the limited edition comes with.
Because I thought I've heard of it before, but I don't remember offhand.
Aha.
It looks like they get the game, a book, maybe a school book, a music CD, and trading cards?
Stickers?
That's a drama CD.
No, the CD is basically like a play, like radio drama.
so maybe this is like based off some type of drama series maybe all right uh also on the PlayStation Vita Metal Gear Solid HD edition getting a price reduction uh and I think some new Vita equipment comes out this week is this the week of the Vita Slim model it is so this is the week where you're black khaki black light blue white light lime green white pink black white and black
Slim Models all come out.
So no wonder there's so much on the Vita this week.
Oh my gosh, there's Slaughter Mania 5.
Like slaughter, like slot machines.
Not like I'm going to go kill a bunch of zombies, Slaughter Mania.
Uncharted Golden Abyss gets a re-release in the best hits.
Soul Sacrifice gets a re-release.
And then Sakatsuku Pro Soccer Club Oh Sukru comes out this week also.
So lots of stuff going on on the Vita this week.
Now that makes sense, now that I see that the Vita Slim is out this week.
So I'm sure there'll be some people here for that.
On the Wii U, sadly nothing to report this week, but Rayman Legends coming up next week.
You got a little time.
And on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Pokemon X and Y is also on Japan.
It's like a worldwide release.
Also a big release for them on the 12th.
And there's all sorts of accessories.
You can get Froakie pens.
You can get Chesapeed pouch, Chespin, excuse me, pouches and Lord knows what else.
There you go.
All that coming out in Japan this week on the 3DS.
DarkSakura?
Well, we have a pretty slender selection for the UK.
On the 9th there's Montague's Mount for PC and stupid thing reloaded and on the 11th we have Beyond Two Souls for PS3.
That's about it.
All right, just a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week.
And it will surprise no one.
Loki.
All right.
So let's see here.
SNK, they are getting rid of the Neo Geo X. You may remember the Neo Geo X is kind of that rebuild, I guess, of the classic Neo Geo.
They also had this portable system that was plugged into this dock.
It was kind of emulating everything.
But now they have cease and desist against the website that sells the Neo Geo X. I guess they were saying that the notice, which appeared on October 2nd,
Demands an immediate cease and desist of manufacturing, distribution, promotion, and selling of the Neo Geo X Gold Limited Edition Mega Pack Volume 1 and Classic Volumes 1 through 5, as well as the Neo Geo X Arcade Stick, in order to protect our intellectual property rights, such as Neo Geo and SNK.
See, here I thought, me being naive, I guess, that they had the go-ahead to go ahead and make that stuff since it had SNK on it and it was a fucking Neo Geo.
I mean, at least it looked like one.
Come to find out, they didn't.
They just kind of put it out there anyways.
Wow.
It's been out for a while, too.
I was going to say, I forgot the thing even came out.
How horrible is that?
But, I mean, they've recycled those Neo Geo games.
Like, a ton of them are available on Virtual Console and PlayStation 3 download.
I mean, you know, if you want something a little more authentic, I guess you could get this.
But, I mean... Keep in mind, those licensed ones, SNK gets money for.
True.
They would get no money if they didn't provide their license.
Okay, here's what it is.
I get it now.
I guess it was licensed because Tomo was the one that was putting it out.
They do a lot of license weird shit.
But now they're ending their license agreement, so it's no longer going to be sold after the 2nd.
Wow.
The 2nd of October?
Yeah.
Well, then it's done.
It's done, yes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No company for E.T.
down there.
I'll stick with my Neo Geo.
You got the real thing, though.
I mean, why even bother with this stuff if you have the real thing?
Because it has the games loaded on the system.
I guess that's true.
And you know how much I paid for the last cartridge I bought?
We paid $300 for, what was the last one we got?
King of Fighters 2000.
Wow.
When I had money.
It blows me away how much those cartridges cost.
I like the bootleg ones, the 48-in-1s, the 107, where there's a ton of them on one cartridge.
Bobby knows.
All right.
One more story about Terraria, which has its hardcore fans.
I saw Terraria on PlayStation 3 this weekend.
I was at Fry's randomly when I got the capture box.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's a thing that's happening.
Andrew Spinks, the creator of Terraria, talked about Terraria 2, saying, It is definitely something that will be happening, but contrary to several of the articles that went live today, I have not started development.
I have a list of features and mechanics I want the game to have, but that is the extent of the development at this point.
So, in other words, he's going to do it.
It's announced in that regard, but that's it.
We don't have anything else, so don't plan on this happening anytime soon.
Let's see.
Also in the interview, mentioned that version 1.2 will be the last seven-month update for the original game, but that he will change the endgame up for the update within the next month or two because there was no final boss.
And there may be some other smaller updates a few more months down the line.
He might hire a team to do some updates, but he'll be focusing on Terraria 2 soon.
So there you go.
DarkSakura, you played a little bit of Terraria, right?
Yeah.
DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
It is a life sim game.
And I miss this music, Rob.
The old school music.
Wasn't it good?
It was good.
I was actually running around the house making up lyrics to this to Midna.
She was looking at me like I was insane.
She probably does that a lot, I bet.
Shut up.
So anyway, and of course the one that I linked on here is actually the Nintendo 64 one, which was the very first Dobutsu no Mori.
It came out in Japan on April 14th, 2001, and came out on the GameCube as Animal Force Plus.
In
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So the game itself is... No, Bobby, I'm not doing Halo.
So the game itself has evolved over time.
But I'm going to focus on the GameCube one since that is probably the one the majority of us have started with.
So with the very first game, and it was like this on the Nintendo 64 as well, you would arrive in town homeless.
and get forced into indentured servitude by the evil Tom Nook, who is the mobster boss of your town.
It's, in all reality, you know, it's a very open-ended game.
It keeps going.
You have different holidays in town.
You have to, you know, earn money and pay off your mortgage.
And you can expand your house.
No, no, no, no.
People were there to collect NES games.
That's what they were there for.
I was getting to that.
Sorry, I can't contain myself.
Rab.
So anyway, you have to, you know, you earn bells, which is the in-game currency, pay off your loan, and in the... And you hit villagers with bug nets.
You know, I keep hitting that fucker Ed with a bug net and he won't move.
I'm not the only one having to deal with Ed, by the way.
He's a dumb horse.
So anyway, you also could collect Nintendo Entertainment games.
And as far as I'm aware, I think this just popped up in... I want to say just in the GameCube ones.
Um...
Ice Climber, Mario Bros.
e-reader
um so yeah there were different multiplayer modes as well where you could have up to four people living in the village um you couldn't play at the same time as anybody else but you could take turns like Dan and I would see who could pay off our mortgage faster and who got the gold statue and who got the silver statue and finally I'm like bitch make your own town so he has Danville that was his town
Robville or something silly.
Dan had Danville because Danville exists.
You could also leave messages to each other on the big board that's in the center of town.
I still do that when I visit people's towns.
I'll say, hey, Jamie was here.
So-and-so sucks.
Steal Ed from me.
Still trying to steal Kabuki from you.
Now this I wanted to play a little bit. ...
Do you hear how the voice sounds?
Now, in the Japanese version, basically, they say every syllable, every kana.
So you can actually, I mean, it's really sped up and fast, but you can actually kind of pick out what they're saying.
For the American, for the English versions, basically, they say each letter, so it really does sound like a bunch of gibberish.
Um...
And the voices, of course, went a little bit differently because I had to redo them to say each of the letters.
You had another thing that was only in the earlier ones, and that was Mr. Resetti, or as he was called in Japan, I think he was Resetsan.
So if you turned off your game without saving, the next time you turned it on, he'd pop out of the ground and berate you for like an hour.
So basically he annoyed you into not doing it again.
Now, the part that's showing on the video right now, if you can kind of hear some of it, is where you talk to Rover, who basically, he asks you questions, and depending on how you answer it, determines what your looks are.
So, I always cheat and use an FAQ so that my character will look how I want her to look.
Now, with the GameCube One, you could also use the Game Boy Advance to do stuff on the island.
You were able to...
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Now, there's another thing that is still one of my favorite parts of the game, is that you had a character who, in the Japanese version, his name was Todakeke, who, if I remember right, he was named after a music composer.
Over here, he's K.K.
Slider.
and he would sing different songs.
In the old ones he would sing in, I believe it was the Town Square.
In later versions he'd also sing at the Roost Cafe.
Now he actually has Club Lowell where he sings on Saturday nights and you listen to the song and you can get a demo version and now the stores actually sell his music.
You can also use the music as the album art on your wall as a poster.
But going back to the... Okay, here it is.
It was actually Totaka Kazumi.
So that's where Todakeke's name came from.
At any rate, the game had absolutely adorable music.
Just really neat songs.
You had all kinds of genre represented in Todakeke's music.
And then just the background music was really iconic.
I mean, to this day, I still...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I'm not going to say these are officially a collectible item, but you get the Honeywa, which we got as gyroids, which after it rained, you could dig them up in the ground because back in the old school days, Honeywa were buried with the dead.
So that's why you dig them up out of the ground.
Um, and AlphaKineticGram also wants to point out that, um, Totaka has, um, his, uh, song, which actually is in the game as K.K.
Song.
The little hidden thing that was also in Mario Paint and all the different, you know, things that he ever did sound design for.
So, um...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You had the police dog's copper.
And what was the other one's name?
I can't remember the other one's name.
There were...
Now we have Isabelle and Digby in the newer ones.
Isabelle is your... Apparently she never sleeps because she is at the stupid town hall all the damn time.
You could change your town theme.
You could change catchphrases.
We used to make people say some really dirty ass things and Nintendo finally got smart.
Yeah, I might have been an offender with that.
Well, I've got Rowan going around wearing the Link outfit saying kitty fuck.
You know, we used to have Dina, remember Dina?
She apparently is no longer a gym teacher, but a music teacher.
She's a folk singer, Rob.
Staying with her ways.
All of your different villagers, you've got different types of personalities.
They actually brought back the big sister personality, the perky, and the friendly older brother personality that were in earlier games.
and different characters that go back and forth now the other thing with this is it is and I've mentioned this before Bobby Bobby said he made all this town people say just ignore him Halo classic game of the year it's not gonna happen he's trolling you and it's working I know but I'm just laughing at him because he's still trying and it's just not funny um
I've made Ed say I totally suck is his greeting, and then his catchphrase is I really suck.
I fucking hate Ed.
In the newer ones you've got, like, you can have a campsite where people can visit and they'll play stupid games and steal your money, fuckers.
I mean, just all kinds of stuff to do.
I mentioned the island, and I can't help it.
I've had so much fun with the first game.
Now, to bring up what I was talking about, about the dialogue, since Japanese is basically a syllabic alphabet, I picked up the GameCube one in Japanese to practice my reading.
And lo and behold, my reading actually improved.
I mean, I'm way out of practice now, but it was a very, very good educational tool.
So I'm actually offering this out here to anyone who happens to be a beginner learner who's wanting to practice your reading to understand grammar and syntax.
Basically, get Animal Crossing on GameCube.
I mean, use it to import other copies.
It will really, really, really help your reading comprehension in Japanese.
And it's not kanji heavy, so you don't have to really worry about it.
So, anyway, there's so much to do.
The original was fun.
The newer ones are fun.
I mean, they kind of got stale with City Folk and Wild World, but I think that the last one, New Leaf, really has brought back a lot of the fun that was in the game.
I mean, of course, you don't have the NES games hidden around, but it's still super fun.
I mean...
I still say though, and I said this on a previous show, but I wish they'd just develop a handful, not a lot, but a handful of very simple Flash-style games that you could unlock.
That would be a lot of fun.
Or maybe old Game & Watch.
Oh yeah, that would be cool.
Things that they don't sell at all in virtual consoles.
Until then, I will have to make myself happy by being very, very pleased.
Okay, this is the other thing I was going to mention, is that there was a full-length movie.
Um, based off it, and it actually had, as your animal characters, it had, they were all characters in the game.
And one of them lives in my village now.
In the U.S., she's Margie.
In, uh, in Japan, she's Sally, the elephant, who's like one of the main, main characters.
Lives in my village, and I found out that Actdeft has a bouquet, or Rosie in the U.S.
one.
So, it's sort of like, oh, that's cool.
It's sort of like a way to be involved.
So, anyway, um, Animal Crossing.
Lots of fun.
Animal Crossing Animal Crossing Animal Crossing
Anyway.
You know, if Bobby keeps trolling me about Halo, it's never happening.
Oh, threatening now.
All right.
Not threatening.
That's a promise.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break, guys.
When we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come, including the Fugu question of the week.
Some more updates on Wii U. And Jamie, I know, is going to be excited about this release for Steam.
She will probably buy this yet again on Steam.
It's got to be that good.
We'll talk more about it when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, October the... What day is it today?
The somethingth.
The somethingth.
October the 6th, how about, of 2013, where our 522nd episode is in progress.
And looking at our chat room, we were playing kind of a variety of music during the break there, some mostly like Super Nintendo classics in there.
Although we did have Animal Crossing music starting it off, we did have... I played something from Chrono Trigger.
Animal Crossing for me
Well, you're welcome.
Because it makes me happy.
I miss the first game song so much.
I have a really good story about Animal Crossing, and that would be the way I actually got Animal Crossing.
Actually, Loki actually bought Animal Crossing for me.
Years ago, we were all playing DDR.
We all used to post on these local forums for Sacramento DDR players.
And I remember we were all pretty close.
I mean, there was only about maybe 20 of us that actually ever posted on these boards regularly.
But we were all a pretty close group.
This is before Facebook and any of that shit.
Maybe about the time LiveJournal was starting to boom.
And Loki was like, what would you do if you just got a big bonus at work?
What would you spend the money on?
I said, I'd get a GameCube and Animal Crossing.
And I come home from work, and what did Loki do?
He bought me a GameCube and Animal Crossing.
That was awesome.
It was one of the nicest things anyone's ever done for me.
Now we're all poor.
As much of an asshole as you are on this show sometimes, Loki.
Deep down in, he's a really nice guy, so there you go.
I told a nice story about Loki on this show, but no, I really appreciated that to this day.
That was a really awesome thing.
So hearing the music, I came home, and that was on loop, because I guess they left it powered on.
I don't even know how you got into the house.
You must have contacted my roommate at the time or something.
Yeah.
And set that all up so that when I got home from work, it was already on the TV.
It was really cool.
Yeah.
Alright, well let's get back into some rapid fire Wait, I gotta ask before we get into rapid fire news Chell, you're quite the artist over there I see you, is that crocheting over there?
What are you doing?
I am macrame-ing a frickin' belt Nice!
I'm working my way up to creepy owl I have got an entire box of old hemp and jute from this customer of my mom's She's got a yarn shop, but people tend to just drop off fibers with her So I'm like, score!
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Very... Excuse me, I'm choking on a sunflower seed.
Very nice.
Well, good luck with all of those projects.
And I like the belt you got going on so far.
It looks very intricate with the way you kind of have to tie that together.
It's my third, so it's been a steep learning curve.
Trust me.
Well, yeah, I can't even do this.
I can't even sew.
Hey, I hear the 70s are making a comeback.
It actually is looking really good.
I like it, it's cool.
Alright, you should post a picture on the Tumblr or something, one of those places.
Alright, let's get to some rapid fire news, and quickly running down a few of the fast game stories this week.
Loki.
Alright, so the Mighty No.
9 Kickstarter finally finished, and they ended up with $4 million.
And it'll be coming out on a lot of different platforms.
Spring 2015...
Let's say maybe summer 2015 because we all know how these Kickstarters are.
Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Vita, 3DS, pretty much every platform.
Everything.
Got funded for everything.
I forgot to Kickstart it.
Oh well, that's fine.
Did I not say it would get funded for everything?
No, you did.
I predicted.
I forgot they had the PayPal and that the $150,000 from the PayPal was going into the funds too.
I forgot about that.
They still may, like other Kickstarters, they still may take money via PayPal after everything's said and done.
It's fine.
I'll just wait and buy it when it comes out.
Yeah, it's spring 2015.
Fuck, why am I buying stuff that comes out in 2015?
I need the money now.
Yeah, I'm not buying stuff that comes out in 2014 yet, let alone... But thanks to everybody who funded it for me so I can buy it later.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Maybe.
She's already building one in her house.
No, because I have a village to run.
I'm the mayor.
I'm Empress Sakura of Normandy and I don't have time for a Death Star.
This makes me think of when they did that whole, like, what's that website where you can do the White House petitions or whatever, and somebody actually asked... Whitehouse.org, maybe?
Or .gov?
I thought they had, like, a spin-off site or something where you can do the petitions specifically.
It's the .gov website.
Oh, I thought it was, like, a separate website.
I don't know if I'm looking forward to the inevitable Zynga version, you know, Killball Heights, you know, where they have, where you, you know, design your own...
Um, and then finally, you know, because there's a lot of movie, or games based on movies coming out, but we have another date for one.
Warcraft, the movie, coming to theaters December 18th, 2015.
And, yeah.
Hell, I know Need for Speed's coming out next spring.
I kind of want to see it just because it looks like a generic racing action movie.
We still don't know who's in the cast for the Warcraft movie though, just a date.
And I'm thinking like, okay, that's a placeholder date.
That's one of those Hollywood games of chess where they start to block out what movies are coming out when and get away from my movie and all that.
So don't hold fast that this will actually go through.
because it might get delayed to 2016.
It might come out earlier.
Sometimes movies come out earlier, although I doubt that because I haven't even started filming yet.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
I guess it starts filming next year in January, but...
I'm not really excited for it because I don't know any of the lore, so it's just like, hey, Lord of the Rings again or something.
If the movie's going to be successful, it's got to be accessible to non-Warcraft players.
It has to be all about thrall.
I don't care.
I want thrall the movie.
I think they're taking it way, well, it was supposed to be Alliance-centered, but that was an early rumor.
But Varian's a dick and no one cares.
I think it's going back.
I don't think the game is going to be based off World of Warcraft.
I think the movie is going to be based off of World of Warcraft.
I think the movie is going to be based off of Warcraft or like Warcraft 3 maybe.
Well, that's cool because then you get What's-Her-Face who I think is awesome.
Sylvanas.
That'd be cool.
Age of Ultros 2015 Independence Day 2
Oh my god, I'm so excited.
I only care about Avengers.
If it starts just like last Independence Day, I saw it was the 3rd, 4th, and 5th, I kind of want to do that again.
I hope it's terrible.
I hope it's absolutely terrible.
I hope it is absolutely god-awful and I will be there every day.
I hope Elizabeth Berkley is on the cast because that would be awesome.
Randy Quaid Ghost, Slash Zombie
The chatroom's making fun of me because apparently I had a Freudian slip and I said Age of Ultros instead of Ultron.
You know you've been playing too much Final Fantasy when... It would make for a more interesting movie, to be honest.
Yeah, it's true.
Honestly, let's be real.
It would be a better movie.
Okay, I'm pissed because, no, actually, in the Marvel comics right now, they're pushing an Age of Ultron right now.
And I think that's the only reason why the next movie is going to be Ultron.
Because it was fully set up for Thanos.
Hello.
Yeah, I know, right?
They just want to make you wait until 3.
I just thought of a tagline since we're bringing Elizabeth Berkley into the cast as she should be Independence Independence Day Everybody got independence and shit That is so obscure There's like maybe 5% of the audience if that is going to get that reference But I love you just a little bit more for making it Rob What?
Darling, you are independent
I don't know what you're doing in that jet, but it sure as hell ain't fighting aliens.
No one understands.
No one understands.
I think the people who do understand will make up for the ones that don't.
Other movies coming out in 2015.
Star Wars.
Star Wars Episode 7.
Star Wars.
Yeah.
Who?
flop movie in space no I'm kidding actually if the rumors are true that Daniel Day-Lewis is gonna be in it like that guy can like he could act the phone book and it would be amazing did you see the mock-up poster that some I think it was like a photoshopping job but it was really cool that had like the original actors and everything you know looking their age and all that as the characters would have been later on that's pretty cool
I do want drunk Carrie Fisher in the movie so bad.
That would be awesome.
Oh, man.
All right.
And also in 2015.
Sorry, I know this is rapid fire news.
I'm using my quotey fingers.
Also in 2015, let's not forget, Batfleck is in 2015.
And you know what?
Here's the thing, though.
Here's the thing.
I...
I love Batman stuff.
And my favorite Batman, honestly, is the Adam West era Batman.
Can it really get any cheesier than that?
I don't know.
Yeah, but did you see Daredevil?
That was bad.
Can it really be worse than Batman and Robin?
Can it really get any worse?
That's a good, good question because that movie was bad.
You know the only reason I saw it was because someone else paid for it and drug me along to see it.
Must be nice.
Because I wasn't going to spend any money on that and that's still two hours of my life I can't get back.
I wanted to see it because there is no way that Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze is not going to be entertaining.
Everybody choose!
There is no way that's not going to be entertaining.
as a lifelong Batman fan I'm kind of resigned to the fact that he kind of goes in cycles you've got the goofy Adam Westing kind of thing then you got the ultra super serious reboot and then you got you know it bleeds into the Adam Westing again
I'll give it a chance because everybody hated the idea of Michael Keaton as well and he turned out to be awesome but here's the thing the original Batman was also a Tim Burton movie and then you know who was the guy that did the next trilogy why am I his name is slipping my mind right now fuck him the next guy those those movies were terrible the guy who just did these recent three oh my god bad fan
Well, I'll put it... But he proved himself, and when he cast Heath Ledger, I know a lot of people were skeptical, but I was like, no, Batman Begins was the shit.
Christopher Nolan.
Thank you, Christopher Nolan.
Batman Begins was the shit.
This guy knows what he's doing.
I will trust his judgment.
But here's the thing.
Zack Snyder?
I don't know about you, sir.
For the record, by the way, I am not going to see it because I am currently on a DC boycott.
No, I'm serious, because of how they're treating their writers for their portrayal of women in their comics, and for the whole marriage bullshit, just so that they don't have to let Batwoman get married.
Yeah, that's a little weird.
Also, their audition for a new artist.
Here, draw Harley Quinn trying to kill herself in three panels.
Sexy, underwear, sexy, you know?
DC needs some new publicists
Alright, look.
Moving on to something happy.
Much more happier and gay.
And I mean it.
I like gay.
Gamer X is returning to San Francisco.
Gamer X2.
Electric Boogaloo.
No, that's just what I think it should be called.
But it's Gamer X2.
It is going to be happening July 11th through the 13th of 2014.
They have moved to a venue that is three times as large.
Thank God.
God, Intercontinental Hotel in San Francisco, which is right next to Moscone Center, if I'm not mistaking.
And they've already announced some of the guests for it.
And also, Cards Against Humanity already signed up as a sponsor of the event, which, cross your fingers, your toes, hold your breath, that this means an exclusive GamerX set of cards, because that would be amazing.
There's also some guests they've announced.
I know that Ella McClain is coming back.
What's Sniper's name?
John Mowry, is that his name?
Sorry.
He'll be back this year.
They're coming back.
And apparently, the couple that got engaged at GamerX1, and the video's huge, viral all over the internet, they're going to get married at GamerX2.
And they're actually sent, like, everybody's getting little wedding invitations.
I want to go and throw flowers.
Right?
Who doesn't?
So this is going to be fun.
And all I have to say, and I want to give a shout out right now to my folks in the gay podcasting circle.
We got Game Bar.
We got GameBooey.org.
We got Koopa Club.
We got Video Game Realness and so much more out there.
I know there's plans to do something podcast cross zone 2 but like bigger, better and it's going to have to be with all these extra people that now want to be a part of it which is a great thing I mean what a horrible situation to be in it's too popular of an event I want to go you can get your tickets now but if you can't get them right now because of financial whatever they'll be on sale until they're not we need to do a panel it'll be fun, I think we should let's do a panel
It'll be fun.
Alright, we'll talk.
We'll get to talking.
Anyhow, GamerX.com if you want more information on that.
Information on Rocksmith 2014 edition.
Adding some more songs to kind of round out their song list.
Rocksmith 2014 edition will include Deaf Leopards, Pour Some Sugar On Me, Queen's We Are The Champions, and Mary Jane's Last Dance from Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
Ooh, and a song for Bobby.
Rush is going to be in the game with The Spirit of Radio.
I love Rush Rush is Canada's best export I still love Alanis Morissette that's the 90s kid in me but anyway some disagree with me but deal with it there's lots of great songs in the game I'm not going to read the entire song list but remember that Rocksmith is like the no really stop hitting plastic buttons and learn how to play an actual guitar so you know if you want to go to guitar school Rocksmith 2014 is the way to do it also there's what's called colorblind mode which I think is pretty cool
One of the producers is actually colorblind.
And you can actually adjust the hues and the color saturation levels throughout the entire game to be a little better for the colorblind.
Because I guess the first game got a little flack for it.
So they are going to make it a little better this time around.
So kudos for accessibility.
And lastly, coming to an arcade near you.
Yes, an arcade near you.
Plants vs. Zombies The Last Stand I'm assuming they turned Plants vs. Zombies into a ticket spitter because that's all arcade games are anymore.
Yeah, it is a video redemption product.
Yes, yes, of course.
There's already a bejeweled one.
That surprised me.
I've never seen one of those, but I guess that is out there.
But yes, look for more information on Plants vs. Zombies coming to an arcade near you soon.
DarkSakura.
We're actually having a small discussion in chat, by the way.
There needs to be the Jessica Jones TV show.
I'm going to cry.
Have you been watching S.H.I.E.L.D.
at all?
No, and I need to.
I need to, too.
But Jessica Jones is my favorite Marvel character ever.
And if none of you have read Alias, which had nothing to do with the TV show, read it.
Well, if S.H.I.E.L.D.
goes anything like another ABC show once upon a time, they will roll out those characters just to make you watch.
Now they have their spin-off series.
Yeah, they have the spin-off.
They just released a picture of Jafar.
Apparently, for some reason, he's in Wonderland.
I'm not even going to try and figure that one out, but it's just like, you know, who can we roll out next?
Yeah, Chell, what did you want to say?
Yeah, the character thing.
I was, you know, I started watching Once Upon a Time as kind of my trashy show and then I got emotionally involved and then it jumped the shark like, whoa.
And I'm just, I'm basically watching it out of train wreck syndrome.
So yeah, I hadn't heard about Jafar, but now I need to check out the freaking Alice in Wonderland.
Well, here's the thing.
Even, I'm not really watching Once Upon a Time, but it is like next on my list once I finish off Scandal, which is far more important.
But even I've seen the pictures of Captain Hook.
And that is... Oh, yeah.
That's, yeah.
You know, I said, you know, not even Robert Carlyle can get me back for the third series.
They got me back.
All right, moving on.
For my rapid fire news, there's... I am getting so sick of these websites that are not iPad compatible.
Uh-ohs.
Fuck them.
This actually is called the Not On Steam Sale, which I'm trying to give you guys some advertising, but your site's not working on my iPad, so why should I?
Basically, it's about 66 games that are not on Steam.
They're all by indie developers that are for sale at notonsteam.com Supermarkdown, there's some really cool stuff like Girls Like Robots, Photonica, Uzi Earth Adventure, One Finger Death Punch, which actually I think is now on Steam.
What's Pushcat?
That one I haven't checked out.
There's one called Rose in Time.
There's scanning a truck driving simulator.
Six Sided Sanctuary looked like a fun one.
I almost bought that one.
The Sea Will Claim Everything, Tiny Barbarian DX.
Lots of really neat games on there.
And there's also Alphas.
There's another game on here, by the way.
It's called We'll Fight for Food.
Nice.
Oh, this one called Spud's Quest looks cute.
Yeah, there's just a lot of neat looking games on there.
Nice.
And in a not so indie game.
We all like Borderlands, don't we?
Well, 2K and Gearbox have $100,000 worth of prizes for an in-game loot hunt for Borderlands 2.
So basically on October 11th at 10 Eastern Time, the game will be altered so that these weird guns are going to start dropping in odd places.
So the Knuckle Dragger will drop on Gwen's head.
Oh, no, sorry.
The Knucklejagger will drop Gwen's head.
My apologies.
So, basically, you fulfill their little requirements and you could win a prize.
I will not tell you any more about it because you need to go check it out yourself.
And then, last but not least, there is a new Sonic game in development for Xbox One and PS4 and Wii U. And I believe it's just a working title, Sonic Thunderstorm or Sonic Blue Thunder.
uh... there is uh... a uh...
Looks like there's going to be a new character named Static the Hedgehog and a teenage clone of Sonic, Knuckles, Rogue, Eggman will also have teenage clones and Knuckles' clone will be called Slash the Echidna.
Hooray, more shitty friends.
Static the Hedgehog, he doesn't move very much.
He's very placement.
He's a pretty clingy friend.
You can also play as Tails, Amy, Debra, all these other characters.
And you also have Team Chaotix, which is all that I care about.
29 levels, different objects, return of old animals and chaos drives, and the Chao Garden.
Gameplay will change characters like in Sonic Heroes.
It's just a bunch of stuff.
I don't know if it's going to be any good.
But there is the return of the Chaos Emeralds.
Yes, but what mode allows me to make them act out my fan fictions?
None.
Sit down.
They're also saying that Wi-Fi will transfer Chao data and you have a Chao garden for it will be DLC and available on PS Vita and 3DS.
So, yay.
It better not suck.
Yeah, let's be real.
Let's hope this is a good Sonic game.
I know, right?
Don't they kind of alternate back and forth like Star Trek movies?
Yeah.
Except that doesn't apply to the Star Trek re-releases.
The revamps.
Because both of them have been good.
I think the first one was way better than the second one, but that's just me.
That's just me.
All right.
Womp womp.
All right, let's get to the Fugle Question of the Week.
And every week we ask our listeners a question on Facebook and Google+.
You put that together and you get Fugle, the Fugle Question of the Week.
And this week, as I promised, it's going to be all about Pokemon.
So we asked our listeners the most important question possibly of the millennium.
Are you Team Fennekin, Chespin, or Froakie?
And for those that don't know, Loki, those are the starter Pokemon in the new X and Y. They're like Bulbasaur.
What about option 14?
Don't give a fuck.
Sit down.
Shut up.
Well, actually, I did ask as part of the question.
Pokemon Mania looks to be starting all over again in just a week.
What do you think of Pokemon?
Are you picking up X and Y?
Or are you shocked at the number of grown adults who obsess over Pokemon?
So let's go to Google Plus first, where Actdeft says Team Fennekin, and then he gives us a link to a community on LiveJournal called Pokemon Collectors, talking about his second question, and I see that there's two 3DSs, stuffed animals, yeah, Actdeft might have a problem, but that's okay.
We still like you.
He says, seriously though, I've been a Pokemon fan since the red, blue, yellow days, and I don't see leaving the Pokemon games and fan amenities time soon.
I'm so hyped for X and Y. Jim, or excuse me, Flaco Jones says, despite my love of RPGs, I never got into Pokemon in the first place.
Now when they come out with a game, it seems like they just expand on old stuff to make the fans happy.
A new Pokemon release has never said to me, hey, you've never played this before, but this version will really pull you into the series.
to be fair I think they're trying to do that with X and Y a little bit one thing I noticed about the three starter Pokemon is that their final forms kind of fall into the fighter, mage, thief kind of generalisms you expect in RPGs I found that interesting
uh Evel uh which might be pronounced that way or E3VL I'm not sure but uh Evel responds and says I'm only purchasing one version of the game this time around why seeing the diverse age groups who enjoy the franchise I hope the creators make the plot more complex or adult oriented so that varying age demographics may have a more meaningful discussion while playing the game together well yeah but it's Pokemon I mean how deep is it gonna get just saying just saying my my personal opinion all right going over to Facebook for some answers um
Sial says I'm looking to team Froakie closely followed by team Fennekin and I'm picking up Y as soon as I can get into the evil G to get it as for what I think of the Pokemon series Yellow was the first game that I actually owned so they hold a place in my heart and gaming library which reminds me I need to make an attempt at figuring out what is wrong with my copy of Yellow
Shane replied, and Shane is Team Chespin, and I've been counting down the days since January, which is when they announced the games, but had no release dates.
This is the most important release this year.
It is already my game of 2013.
You sound like Loki talking about a different game just a few weeks ago.
Um, JV Mon replies and says, Team Froakie, I've never chosen a non-water starter ever since I chose Squirtle and Pokemon Blue.
Now my only decision is between X and Y. Lucky I have both reserved so I can decide on release day.
Pokemon will always be a go-to game for me.
Sure, the structure's predictable, but that's part of the charm.
for the Fallen Dreams says Team Fennekin motherfuckers I'm 22 and Pokemon will never get old to me it's hands down the best handheld RPG in my opinion it's the sole reason I'm getting a 3DS minus a few other titles it's a breath of fresh air from the constant gore and violence from more adult oriented video games
Clover N says my wife and I have pre-ordered an X and a Y I always choose water type and my wife always chooses grass type and uh let's see uh going to the next answer Burr says Fennekin all the way I'll see if I can pick it up I haven't actually finished a Pokemon game yet though I got the furthest in blue when I when I first flirted with it during my freshman year of college
Tim Tripp replied and said, gonna have to go with Chespin.
I don't obsess over Pokemon, but there is a lot about it that is surprisingly compelling.
I don't play every generation because the changes have always been a bit too incremental.
From the looks of it, XY has made some significant forward steps without changing the core of what makes Pokemon fun.
So I'll be picking up a copy.
Matt J says, I've yet to decide on my starter, so can't commit to a team yet.
I'm not surprised at all that so many adults are into Pokemon.
I'm nearly 29 and still love it.
However, you think folks around my age were kids when the first Pokemon games came out.
I was only 13 when Red and Blue came out here.
Many of us adults grew up on the series.
It made a mark on us, a mark that sticks with us to this day.
Geovidea says, I don't even have a 3DS yet.
Hoping for it as a holiday gift.
Hint, hint.
And I always pick fire types.
It's all about the burn.
Andy R says, I got pretty bored with the last few games.
I didn't even finish White.
I'm still considering buying X or Y, but it'll probably depend more on how many of my friends pick it up.
Am I shocked at grown adults obsessing over Pokemon?
No.
Nostalgia is a powerful force.
Fifth Dream says, Froakie all the way.
I always pick water type starters, unless I'm playing a second game in a generation, then I pick a grass.
I even bought a Team Froakie t-shirt to wear when I go pick up my copy of Pokemon X. I'm 39 years old.
So I am one of those grown adults who love Pokemon.
I've played it since Blue came out and have played every single generation, some twice, and the spinoffs.
So yeah, Pokemon's great.
Ragenator says, I'm on team who gives a fuck.
Finally an answer.
Well, I mean, we haven't...
We haven't had anyone yet say, I don't care, but here's Ragenator to break that trend saying, I'm not getting Pokemon X and Y. I've yet to buy any Pokemon game.
I'm not going to start now.
Pokemon is about as interesting as being repeatedly anal probed by aliens nonstop for six months, followed by swimming in raw sewage.
You're nasty.
You're nasty.
I'm with Team Froakie because it rhymes with Loki.
Alright.
Alright.
Anyway, I'm not at all surprised that so many adults play these games because they want to rub it in the faces of six-year-olds.
I mean, to dominate six-year... I mean, I really mean... Never mind, I give it up.
Our pal Wicked from the Nerdgasm Network says, I've been out of the Pokemon Fold since Emerald, and given how XY looks like a pseudo-reboot, it looks like it's time to get back in.
I'm glad that we're finally getting a game that looks like the anime, and while the Pokemon count is utterly, nutterly, butterly...
I still think there's a lot to be had in collecting them all.
To collect them all, I'm going for Froakie because Greninja looks sick as hell.
Plus, I'll have a Firestarter from the Torchic special event and I can never say no to having a Bulbasaur.
A well-rounded team, ahoy.
Hitstun says, at the moment, I think I'm getting Pokemon X and starting with Chespin.
Once the game's been out for a week and we know more about the popular Pokemon and how to counterpick them, I'll be ready to delete my save, start again, and work towards my ideal team from the beginning.
I already pre-ordered Pokemon Blue 15 years ago, but I skipped Generations 3 and 5 completely.
Building a good competitive team is a lot of work, but it's worth it when the game is new and my friends are playing it too.
SSJ100Matt says, Pokemon came out in 1998 and I've been playing it since then.
I'm almost 30, which means I have played Pokemon for half my life.
I will get Pokemon Y when I finish Black 2.
Sigh.
and lastly, Codeman.
I'm not sure about Pokemon.
I loved Blue and Red, but I just can't add to it the huge amount of games I will have on the table already.
I will be picking up a 2DS, so maybe then I'll try it for now.
Probably not.
But I was a huge fan of the Pokemon anime.
It was fantastic.
So, overwhelming Pokemon fans versus non-Pokemon fans there.
And kind of even.
It sounded pretty even on who's picking up what starter.
I will say this, that for all the past ones that I have played, I've always started with a Fire-type.
Okay.
That's just been me.
Fennekin's super cute.
Oh, and to answer the question earlier in the show, I am Team Fennekin.
Absolutely.
I have no idea what that is.
He's a little Firefox, not to be confused with a popular web browser.
Okay, well, if he's a fox and on fire, maybe I have to get the game.
Let me show you.
Does it like fire?
Oh my god, that's fucking cute.
Right?
That's Fennekin.
Let me show you the others just to compare.
Do you remember when we went to that E3 and I came back with all those damn Pokemon plushies?
Like the plus and minus.
That's Chespin, the grass type.
Oh, he looks angry.
and that particular picture he does.
Here's a happy chess pin.
Oh, here's a happy chess pin.
There you go.
And here is Froakie.
Looking that up right now.
Ew, no one gives a shit.
Okay, so we know.
It looks like an old, like a frog with a beard on his back.
Okay, so Jamie is definitely not Team Froakie.
I gave them to my friend, Julie, because I don't care.
All right.
So...
Layoffs.
God, you don't like them, but it happens.
So there's a couple companies laying off people.
First off, Sega of America is confirming an unspecific number of layoffs.
I'm assuming this is tying in with the fact that they are taking on Atlus, and perhaps there's just...
Some of those jobs kind of overlapping each other.
So basically, as the gaming industry continues to evolve, companies must adapt and adjust in order to compete and succeed in an ever-changing environment.
As a result, Sega of America has recently undergone a restructure that will enable the company to focus efficiently on developing new and existing content across digital platforms as well as continuing to focus on key brands for packaged goods.
Capcom Europe will be laying off more than half of its staff.
and this is coming from I guess MCV who understands more than they're saying more than half of the arm faces redundancy with the number of jobs set to merge so that kind of sucks
and I guess following a restructure in the U.S.
operation, Capcom Europe Organization is currently evaluating its structure to ensure it's in the best position to take advantage of the changing market condition the industry is facing.
In other words, they're doing more digital stuff, I believe, because I think a lot of their... I mean, they have franchises, but there's not a ton of different franchises that they're kind of continually putting out games for.
Well, and just to say, I want to address something, too, I see around the internet.
For those that are saying, like, you know, good, or that'll teach Capcom, or, you know, Capcom deserved it, or whatever.
Like, okay, stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Because the people being affected by these layoffs...
probably have nothing to do with the decisions that you don't like.
You know, that's the way these things go, unfortunately, is that the people that are actually getting laid off are probably pretty hardworking people that are just trying to make a good game.
And usually these types of decisions come from high up.
It's when you see the CEOs being laid off.
Exactly.
Then you can start saying that, you know, well, maybe it's for the best or whatever.
So, yeah, I just kind of wanted to get that out there.
Like, don't be all like, well, should have made the new Mega Man game because that's...
I mean, while that may be true, that's like laughing at somebody's face when they're going through tragedy.
Did you see what the new Mega Man game was going to look like?
Remember the leaked footage that came out of the cancelled Mega Man game?
Yeah.
Well, the 3DS one didn't look bad at all.
Yeah, well, too bad not enough people downloaded the demo.
Or wait, they didn't release that.
No, they didn't.
But not enough people downloaded the demo because they never released it.
Yeah, but are these layoff news about the people that made that decision?
Probably not.
Thanks for watching!
I have a story that's hopefully a little bit happier news.
Ever since we saw Sony do this with the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation Vita, we've wondered if Nintendo might do something similar, and that is cross-buy play.
Which on PlayStation 3 is awesome, because who doesn't like more games for more systems for free?
Games like Sound Shapes and Zen Pinball 2, they have the cross-play available, or if you buy it on the PlayStation 3, you get a copy for the Vita as well.
Well, it was questioned of Dan Adleman, who is a manager of business development at Nintendo, will there be something about cross-buy?
And quote, we don't have anything new to announce on that, but I believe that the idea has been talked about.
so if it's something we're definitely up to considering so it's something we're definitely up to considering that's not a non-committal answer I don't know what it is if there's enough demand from developers but nothing to announce for right now so that's interesting this will work in nicely when we announce our you know the brand new technology that we're putting in place to play 3DS games on the Wii U because then you'll buy your 3DS game and play it on your Wii U or on your 3DS because that's totally gonna fucking happen someday it might
it's not a might it's an inevitability it's just gonna happen and then cross by all the things but I can see where they might make that decision leave it up to developers though
A developer has a right to double dip what they want, even if we don't like it and don't want to support it.
Well, a lot of time also with the 3DS and the Wii U version, it's going to be two different developers on it.
Because you have developers that do the handheld ports of games, and then you'll have the console developers doing that.
Sometimes it's the same team, but a lot of times it can be two separate teams.
So, you know, it's...
why would you want to give something away for free considering that they're probably selling plenty of 3DS games and they need to sell more Wii U games so I don't know
Tiger Claw in chat says, what if they take cross by a step further, speaking on the Sony side now, buy the PlayStation 4 version and you get not only the Vita version, but the PS3 version too.
Well, we don't know enough about the Gaikai thing.
It doesn't sound like it's going to be there at launch and if it will do the PlayStation 3 games.
So I don't think we can assume that yet, but I...
DarkSakura
We do have some other gaming news We have a game that I'm not any good at
My husband's pretty good at it.
A lot of people are bitching about this, too, and I'll tell you why in a second.
But Ikaruga has hit the green light, so Treasure's wonderful shooter game is going to be out for Steam.
And apparently, though, while it's based off the Xbox 360 version, it is...
Going to have, I think, some different patterns from what I understand.
So basically people who had the old patterns memorized will have to learn new patterns all over again.
So there's also a statement that came from Treasure on Twitter.
This is new challenge.
We are trying to distribute Treasure games on Steam.
So maybe we'll get Radiant Silvergun next.
Who knows?
All right.
It seems weird they have to go through Steam Greenlight.
I mean, it's Treasure.
Why can't they just put the game on Steam?
Why did they have to go through the Greenlight process?
Maybe I'm not being fair here or whatever, but it just seems like Treasure would be a big enough name that they kind of get to cut ahead for a game like Ikaruga.
Maybe they're also thinking we might get something like Silhouette Mirage or Troublemakers.
Maybe they want to see what kind of support they're getting, too.
I think Greenlight actually is a really good way to gauge support because you have that whole voting system.
True.
Maybe they don't want to put the effort if there's not going to be enough people clamoring for it.
But Ikaruga has been popular enough.
I would love to have an accessible home version of Radiant Silvergun.
That would be amazing.
All right, let's move on.
All right.
It can be used in advertising.
For example, they're saying that SenseConnect actually recognizes expressions and engagement or can recognize people's faces.
That they can tell who's actually watching the ad or start targeting ads towards people and stuff.
Hey, listen, just because it could be used in that, some of the new Xbox One Connect fixtures could be used in advertising since we see expressions, engagement, etc., and how that might be used to target advertising.
This is the point that seems to draw some controversy.
First, nobody is working on that.
I'm not aware of any activity or any active work in this space.
Second, if something like that ever happened, you can be sure that it wouldn't happen without the user having control over it.
Period.
As he emphasized.
Yeah, but at the same time, there's also all this controversy going on with the NSA and how they're talking about people being spied on and Microsoft is the first to jump on board with supporting that kind of stuff or complying with that.
When we first talked about the mandatory Kinect thing, when all that E3 shit blew up, I said, what a horrible time, I think we all said, what a horrible time for this to be happening with all the NSA stuff that's coming to light right now because that all also happened over the summer and it's like, this is not going to help Microsoft's case.
to make the Kinect mandatory.
So, I mean, that thing needs to work.
And haven't they come out since and said, it'll be fine if you unplug your Kinect?
They won 80 on that point, didn't they?
Yeah, they did.
And honestly, I don't see this as a huge problem.
I mean, I haven't really gotten a good peek at the interface and stuff, but I'm assuming it's very similar to how the 360 is, where you have those tiny little...
Let's be honest, there's a lot of fucking ads on the 360 dashboard that really probably don't need to be there.
I mean, come on.
Microsoft's been collecting money for these internet services and stuff, and don't give me that, oh, sorry, we need this extra ad revenue to cloud things or something.
I don't know, whatever.
But I just don't see the point that we need to have even ad people make these interactive connect ads or something, because...
Who the fuck is really going to play that?
Or actually, you know, half the people don't watch those ads anyways.
And who's going to really want to see an ad where like, oh, hey, throw the mountain, do it.
You know, Jeff Gershman or whatever.
So I just... Jason in chat, VXJSXV in chat says, God, get over the fucking NSA.
Which, you know, despite all that political hubbaloo stuff,
It's not that, honestly, it's not really that that concerns me about the mandatory Kinect, but just like, you know, the Kinect has the voice commands and everything, right?
I just, whether legit or not, I am paranoid that that thing would capture a really unflattering picture in an inopportune moment or something.
Or, you know, those things are going to be able to broadcast online and call people with voice commands and stuff.
So it's like, hey, I recognize Rob has the Mountain Dew in front of him.
I'm going to take a picture.
Look, he's doing the Dew with underwear on.
The listeners, thank you for that visual, Loki.
But no, for real, my plan all along was just to turn the Kinect to face the wall when I'm not playing.
That's what I do with my current Kinect, is just turn and face the TV, or turn around the other way when I'm not playing, and it's none the wiser.
Throw a shirt on it like Poltergeist.
Right, yes!
That's a great answer, too.
And then the Kinect's like, hello, are you still there?
There you are.
Advertisements!
is the stick figure room box.
These people are really skinny and made of popsicle sticks.
Like put like Halloween full people sitting on my couch.
So the Connect thing, somebody sitting on my couch 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
That somebody literally died on my couch.
You know what?
You gotta put a blow up doll on your couch so that that's all it sees.
Wow.
DarkSakura.com
Half-Life 3 was trademarked in Europe this week.
That's right.
The Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market or whatever that is in the European Union.
Forgive my ignorance.
That's just an overseas agency.
Trademarked Half-Life 3 this week being owned by Valve Corporation.
The trademark covers computer game software.
It was filed on September 29th.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
But...
It was fake, y'all.
As sometimes happens with the trademarks.
This was a fake.
It was therefore removed from the trademark.
It was actually a part of the actual website or whatever.
The entrant disappeared completely.
And, yeah, it's not there anymore.
Is this what we've come down to?
I mean, has the hype train gone this far off the rails?
Trolling with fake trademarks.
Oh, same thing happened to World of Warcraft.
Just, you know, same thing happens over there.
So...
Whatever.
You know what?
When Valve's ready, they'll fucking say something.
Tell them it's happening soon.
300 opportunities to get a really nice PC in your house.
That's right.
That's the way I'm looking at it.
All right, we'll see.
If it plays Half-Life 3, hey, I guess that's a bonus.
Hey, Rob.
Hey.
It's a thing.
Yes, it is.
All right, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week, you kids email us mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And DarkSakura dives in the email bag head first and picks out a few of her favorite emails to read for you.
Why do you have to tell everyone to send all those emails?
We'll see you next time.
So I am super excited about Beyond Two Souls.
I loved Heavy Rain despite its flaws, and from what I've played in the demos so far, this game seems to have corrected a lot of the issues people complained about in that first game.
I wanted to talk about playing the game via this app called Beyond Touch.
Sounds kinky.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Do you think this could backfire?
I guess it depends on which experience is the better one.
Because I can see gamers getting upset, but don't they always?
If the traditional controller play is inferior to the app play.
Or is this just good business sense and would you like to see more games do this?
Thanks for all the great shows, Flacco Jones.
I think it's a good idea.
I think gamers are going to be pissed off anyway, so it doesn't matter.
I think the point is the bottom line, making the money.
Making the money means selling the game.
Selling the games make it accessible to more people.
So there you go.
That's my thought.
And also making these sort of apps and stuff that work with games and things are basically just a way to get people to talk about said game as we just did.
It works very well for MMOs too.
You know, like having the Warcraft app is a great example.
You can actually chat to your guildmates from the Warcraft app on the phone.
It's like you can actually still be in the game.
while you're not playing the game.
And there's been calls to make that enrichment even stronger.
But even non-MMO games had it.
Mass Effect had that little companion app that meant you didn't have to do multiplayer if you didn't want to.
Which I still sometimes use.
That reminds me... It's off the store, by the way.
It's officially gone.
Yeah, I heard that.
That reminds me, since Microsoft came out with this wonderful app called Smart Glass last year as part of the Xbox 360 thing, and it's something that's going to be included in the Xbox One...
Have they even shown anything that uses that yet?
Have they shown anything that's gonna, you know... I think they were talking about enhancements for Xbox One, but as far as the 360's concerned, I think it's a lost cause.
I understand that, but I'm talking about the Xbox One.
Have they even shown anything Smart Glass does?
I mean, other than mention it, like, hey, these games are gonna use Smart Glass.
I know we've seen stuff with Watch Dogs and stuff like that, but they have their own dedicated apps for that thing.
It's not really Smart Glass, it's kind of this other thing.
Yeah, I thought the Halo 4 Smart Glass thing was great until I was like, oh, it's just another app in the store?
Alright, whatever.
I think it's meant more for movies, like being a second screen experience in movies and TV, but
Oh, we'll see.
I will admit, TV on the Wii U is kind of neat, and it's a bummer more people don't use it.
It's kind of a neat little second screen experience where you can kind of chat with people as big shows are happening and stuff, but it would be neat if there was something like that on Xbox, but I don't know.
We'll see.
All right, next email?
Yes.
Hey OLR, it's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
I wanted to share a quick funny story.
My wife was downstairs last night cooking dinner when she heard me let out a shriek as if my soul was being ripped out.
She ran upstairs concerned that I'd hurt myself and found me laughing at myself playing Alan Wake.
I was pretty embarrassed.
She had a good chuckle at that.
Sorry, I'm laughing because I'm like, what does one's soul being ripped out sound like?
But then I thought back earlier in the show to that Pokemon fighting video somebody linked us to and I'm like, oh, it probably sounded like that.
Loki, can't wait for GTA 5 to come out on PC.
I refuse to buy it twice.
And then this one's to me.
I hope that this week you aren't sick.
You know what?
I'm not sick all the time.
How are you feeling right now?
You good?
Allergies.
Having allergies is not the same as being sick.
And granted, I also got stung by an asshole wasp.
Which I'm sure Rachel will attest to.
I get pretty sick from waspies.
It was at her house.
And Rob, keep on being fabulous.
Will do.
I look forward to downloading the podcast every Monday morning so I can listen to it while working keep up the good times, your loyal turtle in Philadelphia, Serious Turtle
Next email.
I freeze up, get the big guys, and I am completely unable to speak.
The only time I rode Tower of Terror, I was literally mute for the next 30 minutes.
I could not speak.
Note to self, get Jamie to ride Tower of Terror before OLR.
It's not even funny, Rob.
Oh, come on.
It's just a joke.
Yeah, but it's a real thing and it's horrible.
So I will sit through a scary movie and just like eyes wide open and won't say anything.
You know I'm scared if I haven't said shit.
Hello, OLR.
Although PS4 certainly has a very positive vibe about it, I was very compelled to buy a PlayStation console for the first time.
I decided to get an Xbox One anyway.
The reason might sound strange, but it's Kinect that convinced me.
I like the first Kinect a lot for several reasons.
For the first time, I could play video games with everyone around me.
My girlfriend likes it, and she's very good at it, kicking my virtual ass all the time.
Even my dad and mom play from time to time, and they never played video games before.
Everyone likes it because it's so simple to use.
Even more simple than Wii or PS Move since no buttons are used at all.
Also, Kinect is a fresh wind in gaming that is needed.
It's something completely different than just another standard first-person shooter.
and that's why I don't get why Kinect gets all the hate because it sucks mostly from so-called hardcore gamers sure it's not perfect at all and it has to prove itself a lot more that's why Kinect 2 needs to get it right this time but I think that it's an important step forward in the general development of gaming a step of which we don't understand its importance yet
A step as important as the joystick or am I giving it too much credit?
Yes.
What if Kinect becomes well used and mainstream?
God, I hope not.
What would be the next step in gaming beyond that?
As always, I'm very thankful for you guys making a podcast every week.
Fabrice from Belgium.
Okay, and I am super opinionated about it.
I don't like the Kinect.
I don't have fun with the Kinect.
I've never had fun with the Kinect.
If I want to play something that's going to involve me using motion, I want a peripheral like my dance pads for DDR or my maracas for Samba.
I want something that's going to be specifically related to the game that I'm playing.
I, I hated, I don't like watching myself.
And I mean, maybe it's just a me thing.
But even though I had a lot of fun with Dance Masters, the, to do Parapara, I could not watch the screen, if that made sense.
I did all the stupid Parapara dances with my eyes closed.
well you can also turn off your silhouettes in that game if you really want to but you know well here's the thing about Kinect it's like you know yeah I might razz on Kinect a little bit but like I get that it's super accessible and that like you know people who don't even play a lot of games will be like oh what's that dance game oh that looks kind of neat I can do that I can just move and play the game I can do that you know I get where like it's highly accessible but for me the thing that really bothers me about Kinect is it's like the same three punchlines over and over it's dance and fitness games it's
or I should say it's dance games it's fitness games and you know once in a while other weird like voice integrations and things like I haven't really seen a lot of Kinect games that made me go wow this is the future of gaming a system is only as good as the games that are on it right?
and I thought maybe like Child of Eden that was kind of neat but that was like one game you know there haven't hasn't been a lot that I feel is really pushed gaming forward which is why it really surprised me when they said and the Xbox One's gonna require it and I'm like oh my god but this joke is dying fast they need to if they're gonna use the Kinect they need to like do like Kinect plus Oculus Rift or something and maybe that would be real immersive I
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I saw a thing with the Kinect and the Oculus Rift and a stationary bike for the Paperboy thing.
Yeah, I was going to say, I'm pretty sure those mods are out there because if you think about it, Oculus Rift, PC, Kinect, they have PC devices and things or drivers and things for that too.
So, you know, it's out there.
I'm sure it's just probably a pain in the butt to develop for.
Connect always reminds me of, it's in the book of Hitchhiker's Guide, because you can't really translate this into a movie, but it talks about how their society goes from push button to touch screen to connect-like thing, and it finally ends up where Zaphod Beelbrox is sitting on the bridge of Heart of Gold trying to listen to music, and you have to operate these systems, you have to sit absolutely still, because any motion towards the console whatsoever is going to trigger it.
That, to me, seems like that's where we're going with this.
I hear ya, I hear ya Alright, so next email God, we still have four emails Oh my god, really?
Kiflom, O-L-R, it's Degenerate Johnny It's a GTA 5 reference, ask Loki what that means Okay Say what now?
Kiflom Oh yeah, it's the made up Scientology Oh god It's what they say to each other Kiflom
I couldn't help but notice the argument that that wasn't really an argument that Jamie and Loki had last week over their tastes in video games I'm often entertained by your arguments but they sometimes have a tense feel about them just an observation the beauty of interactive entertainment is that there's a variety of good games that will appeal to many but not to everyone it's for this reason why Alan doesn't play Dead Space why Bobby doesn't play Shooters why Rob doesn't play Cookie Clicker that's not true
Personally, I don't very much care for the Elder Scrolls series.
Melee combat in the first-person perspective doesn't work well for me.
As an individual who appreciates both game series, I can see why one of the main problems between Mass Effect and GTA involves the relationship between stories and gameplay.
I may be generalizing here, but Mass Effect's heavily involved story and dialogue often gets in the way of the stellar gameplay.
I know the dialogue can be skipped, but some people just want to play the game.
I didn't think it was an argument, was it?
Rob, I disagree with you all the time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I also want to address the misconception of the GTA series having a misogynistic atmosphere Even though GTA has often been littered with prostitutes and strippers the game series has had a variety of strong female characters dating back to GTA 3
I'm going to go ahead and say this.
Having a few strong female characters does not make up for misogyny.
Just saying.
The one thing about the GTA series is that it plays the role of social commentator in the world we live in today, i.e.
life provider equals Facebook, medical cocaine equals marijuana.
GTA 5 is no exception to this because it often has commented against our patriarchal society throughout the game.
Even though there is yet to be a lead female character in the GTA series, GTA 5 has strong female characters throughout the story.
One such example is female crew members that you can select for heists.
Many of the most skilled crew recruits are women and they know it, which is why they get a higher take from jobs than the male crew recruits.
Not to mention GTA Online offers the option for you to be a woman.
With that being said, maybe sometime in the future we could expect Jamie to join the VOG crew to take down the patriarchal douchebags that infest the online community.
I'm actually already working on something for that, but more later.
Anyways, as an individual who has a significant appreciation for strong women in video games, the KOTOR series, Final Fantasy XII, Mirror's Edge, I just wanted to add in my two cents, Sincerely, Degenerate Johnny.
I think what my problem more with the misogynistic presentation in the game is the fact that it is coming from real life that it's an aspect of real life that seems to be almost an ingrained part of culture that shouldn't be that we should strive to be better than
I think
I think it's not necessarily just a matter of looking to be offended people are going to be offended as a reaction and as I've often said not necessarily on the show but in real life you can't necessarily help a reaction you can help by acting instead of acting on your reaction
so I think that the problem being is that illustrating that yeah, this is a part of society the fact that it has to be something that's brought up in a game to be a realistic parody means that it's something that needs more attention to be combated if that makes sense yeah, it's something to think about
and I mean and you know honestly it was a big turn off for me in trying to play the game I'll sit and watch I've sat and watched a bunch of the missions in the game while Dan played because he I could not touch the PS3 anytime Dan was home because he was always playing that game and I watched a lot of it but after a while there's just like so much you can take before you're like wow I've hit my saturation point I feel really down you know
it's a really hard thing to put a finger on because I think I'm hearing that maybe the problem is that like okay yeah the joke is funny the first 500 times yeah but there's only so much you want to hear derogatory terms being used toward women even if it's done in a parody sense after a while it really does stop being funny Chell wants to chime in here
I think this is, you know, if we are going along the lines of GTA as a big over-the-top parody, is it sounds like it's kind of falling prey to Dave Chappelle syndrome, where after a certain point he stopped doing the show because he realized the wrong people were laughing at his jokes.
Because, you know, there's only so far you can go with ironic racism before it just loops around and becomes good old-fashioned racism.
And that seems like what's happening a bit here.
You know, the parody is getting...
Too close to the truth and it stops being funny for some people.
It's my two cents.
I actually fully agree with that.
That is on the money.
All right.
Well, in the interest of time, I'm going to ask Jamie to go to the next email, but keep those emails coming on this topic or tweets, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com or twitter.com slash OLR.
Well, since Reginator just told me to skip his email, I'm skipping it.
Sorry.
I don't know, I might go back to it.
Roll it over for next week, I guess.
God, this one's long, too.
No, I mean, it's fucking really fucking long.
It's from Raw Still UT.
No, it's really... Okay, I'm gonna go for it.
We need a TLDR.
Can we try to get a TLDR version of it?
Just for time's sake.
I'm going to just read the first paragraph.
Because it has to do with what we just talked about.
Here's my suggestion.
You go to the next email.
I'll skim this email and try to pick out the key points.
Hey, OLR gang.
As I typically save the show for my commute two plus hours a day, I don't have much opportunity to call into the show.
I noticed that the mailbag has been fairly empty lately, so I had a suggestion.
Why not address comments from the podcast entries on the VOG Network page as well?
By the way, I'm well into my first playthrough of Mass Effect 2, just in case there wasn't a requisite mention of Mass Effect elsewhere in the show.
I've also been playing Dragon Fantasy Book 1 on my PS Vita, which is a hilariously old-school 8-bit RPG in tradition of the early Dragon Quest games.
Until next time, John K. Critical Myth.
Great question from Critical Myth.
We do try to incorporate the VOG Network comments, especially on a slower news week, but we haven't done them in a while, to be fair.
And I might actually be confusing with Horde House, because I know we do VOG comments more often over there.
But certainly, I mean...
The thing about the VOG comments, I tend to just respond to them on the spot.
Like when I see those comments, I can't wait for Sunday.
I just have to respond on the spot.
So if you want to get something right away, the VOG comments are the place to go.
But if there's like a really good point or counterpoint or something brought up, it's going to come to the show one way or another.
I'm going to inevitably say, yeah, somebody was posting about this on VOG.
Well, while you're back to scanning that one, I'll read Reginator's email.
Okay, you got it.
Since it's short.
Hi all, this is everyone's favorite emailer, Hero2Many, and a total amazing all-around guy, Reginator.
Hey, it was on the email.
So I said it.
Thank you for watching!
As late as August 2012, I would have scoffed at the notion of PC gaming having been a console fanboy for the better part of my life.
Now that I've been on Steam for a while now, plus having played Diablo 2 as well, I'm quite thoroughly enjoying PC gaming.
I also, as of late, have been questioning whether or not I really need to replace my PS3.
That being said, I'd like to pose this question.
Have any of you been in a situation where you enjoyed X so much that you questioned whether or not to replace Y?
This email has been brought to you by the clearly superior Japanese soundtrack Japanese version of the Sonic CD soundtrack The US version is just lame, y'all better recognize For the record, I don't think it's lame I just think the Japanese music is better
Thank you.
That's the same thing I say about Chrono Trigger and Super Metroid.
I'm like, I'm not saying Chrono Trigger is bad.
I'm not.
In fact, it's better than good.
But it's just, Super Metroid is like top tier.
It's better than bad, it's good?
Sure.
And I'm going to say this, I've never been in that situation because, I mean, shit.
I probably have just about every video game system that's worth owning.
I've never been in that situation that I, you know.
Now, I've had games that
like for example Dragon Ball GT Final Bout when I owned that game it was worth a lot of money I traded it for Blue Stinger I've never regretted it even though I can get that game any number of ways now I don't care it's not that great of a game and I'm totally not into Dragon Ball that much anymore unless I'm like watching the old school stuff
All right, I am going to try to tackle this email from Ross Steel UT, and I'm going to shorten it.
So I apologize to Ross Steel UT in that regard, but it is a very long letter, and we're already at 9 o'clock, and we still have to get calls and wrap the show.
Do you think it would be possible we can allow it to be reposted on the forums?
I would want his permission for that.
We asked him to post it on the forum.
But let me get some of the stuff.
Because first it starts off with a couple paragraphs about the whole Grand Theft Auto V thing.
So he says, I thought I'd explain to Loki why the casual sexism, racism, and homotransphobia in Grand Theft Auto V is offensive to people.
I firmly agree that not every game needs a female lead.
There's plenty of room in the space between lead character and joke character.
When a group that you're in is exclusively depicted in an offensive manner, that's not going to be fun.
Vice City put that into focus for me as a Cuban-American who went to school with more than a few Haitian-American in his day.
The gangs were simply identified by race, and all the characters were racist cardboard cutouts.
Compare that to games based around the Clancyverse.
The main protagonist tends to be a white dude, but women in other races are treated with respect and are never relegated to the sidelines.
both GTA and the Clancy games are plainly aimed at the male demographic but the latter does so in a manner that respects minorities and women while the former makes jokes out of them this isn't to say Rockstar should be forbidden to do what they do I'm a big proponent of free speech however that free speech goes both ways and if Rockstar wants to continue to take the cardboard cutout approach to their characters and rely exclusively on negative stereotypes they should be ready to be called out on it
In fact, I don't think Rockstar cares as they've been relying on cheap headline grabbing garbage to sell Grand Theft Auto for years now.
Solving the problem might lead to less sales, so why stop degrading women and minorities?
I think the... I'm a little bit with you, Rosteel UT, until like your last two sentences.
And the reason for that is that I think you're also kind of dismissing why... that quite possibly there are people that are drawn to Grand Theft Auto because it's a good game.
Outside the story.
Like, I kind of think for Loki, I don't mean to put words in your mouth, but I always got the sense you're an open world explorer, do your own thing kind of guy.
That's what you like out of Grand Theft Auto way more than the story.
I would say that there's a lot more depth that's been put in place aside from Vice City, what came out in 2002.
I mean, that's...
You can't judge a game now like Grand Theft Auto 5 based on Grand Theft Auto 1 or even some of the games that were in the early 3D series, 3 through Vice City and that kind of stuff.
It's just, it's so different now that they have a lot more writing involved in the characters.
It's not just, hey, it's this Haitian guy, he's a gang member now and stuff.
There's a lot more to it, unfortunately.
I'm not really going to go there.
Granted, yeah, some of the earlier games are probably more like that where it's like, hey, we've got the triads and they're going to act Chinese and oh, hey, we've got this gang and this nationality because they were limited what they could do as far as looks and stuff.
They couldn't get that many characters that look different.
Memory.
Memory.
also if I may say something he made a point though that is something that I have very recently said to my mother freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequence and so they if I'm sure they had to have anticipated some fallout from it so
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and there's a double standard in gaming media and it sickens me says the email and then he goes on a great deal to talk about Steam Machine and I'm going to apologize because this is the part I've really got to trim down for time but basically he says A. People who don't already have PCs are not going to buy $1,000 hardware and $200 yearly upgrades for the privilege of being locked to a single vendor and losing all the portability and control they enjoy on consoles.
I think there's a
There's a little bit of worry that the Steam machine is not going to give you the plug-and-play that PCs essentially give you in the build-your-own-PC world.
You don't have that same freedom, and I get that.
And he kind of draws comparisons to 3DO with that as well.
And then he talks about how many games... Sorry, I'm trying to paraphrase this here.
It's basically...
if you're invested in Steam you likely know how to get your PC working on the television which also has the bonus of allowing you to play games from anywhere not just Steam how many games particularly games that wouldn't be god awful on any kind of controller don't come to consoles anymore
PCGamers.com
and so on.
Ownership of the software is another huge point.
PC gamers, he says, have gone to Valve in force, but the mainstream market isn't going to spend $60 on title they don't feel like they own.
Steam has lots of sales to alleviate that, but we're never going to get the point where 99 cent or $5 or even $5 to $15 is the norm for new released AAA titles.
Activision would laugh Valve reps right out of the office in mere suggestion of devaluing the massive Call of Duty money machine to get that way.
Activision is kind of in the minority.
Well, they're not in the minority, but them, Take-Two, and EA, the big three guys that put out some massive titles that are also on PC.
Yeah, Call of Duty, it's still $60 on PC.
And that didn't used to be the case.
It used to be $10 cheaper, but they were like, we're Call of Duty, so we can get away with that.
But that's not true for everything.
NBA 2K14 is $30 on PC versus $60 on console.
And so I think...
Some of their bigger titles, yeah, the price point is the same as console, but there's also modding support with some of these games.
There's also all the different features it can get on PC.
Plus, the PC retail market, there's not really a big retail market anymore for PC.
Good luck finding the one rack that they have at GameStop or something that has your PC product.
That's the biggest point I get from this email that I really want to call out, and this will be the last thing I say about this email.
I want to read this one paragraph.
all this of course ignores the likely fact that these things will almost certainly not be heavily promoted by GameStop or Best Buy at least in a manner other than trade in your steam machine here both of who have very lucrative pre-owned programs that they won't put in jeopardy good luck selling a box with no mainstream appeal at Walmart especially the mostly disinterested hardware partners who aren't going to make a massive push without software compensation I do get that point and it is a good question to ask who is this for?
I don't know.
That's the thing.
I don't understand.
He does make a point.
The hardcore PC users already figured out how to hook these things up to their TV.
The casuals aren't going to buy something like this when there's the consoles and other, especially at a Walmart, there's lots of cheaper stuff sitting on the shelves.
Who is this really for?
I don't know, because, you know, the thing is that they're going to compete with consoles.
They have to compete with price.
I mean, because this is, look at, we give, at least I give shit to Xbox One for being $100 more than the PlayStation 4.
But, fuck, a PC with a Titan graphics card is not going to be anywhere near $500.
That shit's going to be like $1,500.
Alright, so to give a counterpoint to Ross Steele's email, let me go to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com and I think this is a good way to end it on.
Dungeon Buster says, who says that Valve might decide to go the general retail route at all?
And I think that's a good point and maybe something we need to consider that maybe the media, gaming media or whatever you want to call it, maybe we're making a bigger deal out of this than it really is.
Who knows?
All right, let's move on.
Lots of email tonight.
I fully look forward to the Origins machine, you know.
No thanks.
Pass.
Pass.
All right, let's get to the FUs of the week where we get a little angsty on the show because... Because...
Um, my FU goes back to the wasp from last week because the stinger finally came out.
And my finger hurts a lot less now, thankfully.
Also, FU to the blisters on the bottoms of my feet that are right up at the top by the toes because I was stupid.
I take responsibility for this.
I wore my Vibrams walking on concrete and I hadn't worn them in a long time, so I rubbed my foot a little bit raw.
And then an FU to Wasabi, the restaurant.
Their sushi is normally very, very good, but they put sriracha damn near everything.
Like, thankfully it wasn't touching my food, except that I think that there was some in my food.
I think there was some cross-contamination going on because I broke out in hives and my throat swelled and I had to take lots of Benadryl when I got home.
So, and for me, my food allergies, yeah, they're weird, but they're easily avoidable.
So, fuck sriracha.
I guess you didn't buy into those Sriracha Lays chips when they were out either.
Dan told me that those just tasted like hot ketchup.
Loki.
F you to my head hurting.
I think allergies because my eyes are burning too.
I'll just give a quick F you to the stress of putting on a show and directing it.
As much as I am very proud of the people that are working very hard to do this show and I know it's going to be great.
I want my free days back.
Less stress.
But I've only got six more days to go.
It will be a kickass show.
It really will.
All right.
Last up.
Michelle.
I'd like to give an F you to Gina Gershon because she don't know shit.
But she does a great Versace.
Keep in mind, she is playing Versace in a Lifetime movie.
Just saying.
All right.
All right.
I can't believe you gave an FU to Gina Gershon.
I love that woman.
All right.
Just a couple more stories and then we'll do some quick calls.
We're running a little long tonight.
The tech issues earlier put us back.
So you're not going to have a lot of time to get through.
So I will put the call out in just a couple minutes here for calls.
But first, Loki.
So, the Ouya's coming out in European markets.
Is anyone excited?
I know I'm excited.
Europe's excited.
Are they?
Who bought your Ouya?
Was it a listener or just some random?
I think some random guy.
Oh, okay.
That's cool.
I'm done with it.
So, wash my hands of that.
So, yeah, it'll be coming out.
99 euro in Germany, France, Italy, Australia.
Andrea, Switzerland, Spain, Scandinavia, Norway, Denmark, and late October.
Distributors Flashpoint and Digital Brothers will be handling the distribution duties in Western Europe, while Action and PA will take Eastern Europe.
so hopefully hopefully the people in Europe will be luckier than the people in the US because OUYA themselves can't handle distribution for shit so handing off to somebody else might be a little bit better and I still want to know and I'm probably going to check this right now
I want to know if people still actually haven't gotten their Kickstarter Ooyas because I think there were still some people out there that did not have their Kickstarter Ooyas.
That's sad and such.
Alright, speaking of sad, this guy has definitely left his mark on the video game universe, which is funny because he wasn't necessarily a game designer, but...
Tom Clancy passed away this week in Baltimore at age 66.
RedStorm Entertainment RedStorm Entertainment
So rest in peace, Tom Clancy.
That's too bad.
Unfortunately, as time goes on, people that provide our beloved entertainment pass away.
66 is pretty young.
66 is still pretty young.
That does make it all the more tragic.
Yeah.
You had some pretty good games.
Well, I haven't read those books.
Yeah, those games are very popular.
I mean, I'm going to be completely honest.
I'm not going to fake it, okay?
I don't really play these games myself, but I listen to other podcasters that really do enjoy these games, and I get why people are really into them.
I think if you're into that military stuff, they are a heck of a lot of fun, or at least they sure sound fun.
But for me, I'm so challenged with the shooting games.
Here's the thing, and hey, actually, we may be past the opportunity for that.
Nevermind.
That was last month, I think.
Rainbow Six Vegas, I remember, was part of the free games with live.
So, yeah.
It's Halo 3 now.
because, you know, I didn't buy that game at launch or anything.
I know, right?
Yeah.
Oh, I want to say real quick, as I mentioned, that I think that there might have been some people.
Yep, there are some people from the Kickstarter that still haven't fucking gotten their system yet.
Oh, that's horrible.
And they are not too pleased by that.
Oh, gee, I wonder why.
Using such colorful language.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, we are going to go ahead and open up the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio.
I will go to Twitter as well, but Loki, any last minute stories?
Um... Grand Theft Auto Online, or I should have said Grand Theft Auto is the most played online game right now for, you know, the Xbox 360.
Cool.
I can see that.
Um...
That's it.
Nope, the phone's lighting up.
I'll go to Twitter in a minute.
First, we will take a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the only one with the fastest internet in the chat room.
It's Ranma.
You got it, Ranma.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I had a lot of things I wanted to bring to the table, but since we're cut for time, I have one thing I do want to bring to the table.
Go for it.
Alright, long story short, we're working together with other anime gaming communities to work together.
We're having a fundraiser for a friend of the show.
I don't know if you saw me screaming this out on my Facebook and my Twitter, but we had a friend of the show.
I did see this and my stupid ass forgot to retweet it because I got it while I was working, but please, I think this is great, so please, by all means, pimp away.
Alright, we have an Indiegogo going called Love for Venus, A Charity for Kathleen.
Long story short, her and her mom and her friend were driving to AWA and there was a car accident.
She made it through, but unfortunately her mother didn't survive the car accident.
We opened up this Indiegogo fundraiser to help cover for medical and bereavement costs because of various issues.
Within the first day alone of the soft goal, we hit our goal, which was $500.
We're still going strong.
It's still going for the next 39 days, and we've raised $4,850.
Oh, that is so good.
That is great.
Because you know what?
Funerals ain't free, y'all.
And that's, I mean, I can't imagine what this poor girl who just lost her mother in a horrific, you know, accident has to be going through, you know, and to even like, you know, she's trying to pull through this thing herself.
It's like, this is awful.
So I'm really glad to see the communities there and supporting and putting money where their mouth is, so to speak.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thank you for watching!
as one giant family to help one of our own.
And Atlanta is the place for that to happen, too.
I saw that at DragonCon with everybody coming together.
And so I'm sure Anime Weekend Atlanta is probably just the cool-down convention from DragonCon in some way.
I shouldn't say that.
That might be offensive to some, but I don't mean it to be whatsoever because I think I had such a blast at DragonCon.
I'm sure Atlanta puts on some great stuff.
I'll give you a hint.
This is how you know this is your cool-down con.
If you're at the convention and you find yourself drinking more than anything else, that's your cool-down con.
I like that.
We did a lot of that at Fonami, though.
Yep.
I remember trying to find the one vending machine that actually had soda that wasn't horribly expensive.
And you were ready to jump over that counter at that woman who couldn't serve us alcohol because it was closed or something like that.
Thank God for Pineapple Malibu.
Ranma, one more time, what is the link for the Indiegogo you said?
Alright, the short version is igg.me slash at slash loveforvenus The main Facebook page is facebook.com slash projectlovevenus and there is a little button that takes you to this information on our website at animejamsession.com
That sounds awesome.
Thanks for all you're doing for that.
It's such gamer good news this week.
I talked about the Gemet breast cancer stream earlier and now you've got this going on.
I'm sure there's lots of other great charitable events going on at the gaming community.
We're starting to get into that season with the holiday season where there's going to be a lot of child's play fundraiser events.
So very excited to see that.
Definitely.
Alright.
Well, Ranma, I will let you go so we can get some more calls, but take care and everybody should listen to Anime Jam Session Tuesdays at 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern Time.
That's right.
Right after Electric Sisterhood.
Sure enough.
Alright, take care.
Alright, thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR 1-877-GAME-OLR 1-877-GAME-OLR
Weirdness.
But we do have another call coming in, so let's go to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Sons Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, haven't heard from you in a while.
How you doing, Zaku?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah, I've been at my girl's place for a few weekends now, but other than that, I've been missing out on all hours.
I'm playing catch-up while she's in Europe for a few weeks.
All right, well, I suppose we can forgive this one time.
But what's on your mind?
Nothing much, just trying to whore out GTA V as much as I can.
It's been pretty much the centerpiece of my gaming life for the past few weeks now.
So what is it about this game that just makes you so crazy about it?
Trevor.
I'm not going to spoil it, but just that character alone.
I see Loki smiling over there, so you get it?
and I probably haven't even gotten through half the game and already he's already proven to be the batshit insane one.
Otherwise the others are just as fucked up.
You know, like Michael and Franklin.
But yeah, that's what I've been doing so far and trying to get myself in that Steam Machine beta.
I think a lot of people are with you there.
Good luck, though.
I hope somebody in the Oil Army gets one.
And please give us the exclusive hearts.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, it took a while.
All I had to do was just, like... The last thing I had to do was play something with a controller, which I was able to do a few days ago.
But other than that, I'm already in.
What was I going to say?
Uh...
What about Grand Theft Auto 5 Online?
Have you been dipping into that at all?
I haven't done that yet.
I guess I've made it a personal mission of mine to just wait it out as much as possible instead of having to deal with the disappointment of not getting in.
And speaking of which, have you guys...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
If you go to the Rockstar Social Club, which I believe is socialclub.rockstar.com, and then you can go to, I think it's slash crews and then slash VOG Network would be how you would get to it.
Yeah, so socialclub.rockstargames.com slash crews slash VOG Network.
And the other option would be to also go into our forums, and we have a link there, too.
I see.
Alright, I guess I'll end up trying that and hopefully it won't be as... Try to shoot Loki a bunch for me since I don't know when I'll get in there.
I mean, you gotta give Rockstar credit given the fact that they're doing their best to try to lurch this thing forward as much as possible without any false starts.
But then again, it's like a bad week to be an IT grunt.
if it's not Grand Theft Auto Online it's the health exchanges basically not being up so it's basically all around there's demand for just about everything the woes of being popular on the internet
That is true.
All right, Zaku, I got to let you go.
We got to go wrap up.
But thank you so much for the call, buddy.
Yep.
Take care.
Have a good one.
Have fun shooting people in Grand Theft Auto.
Yeah, will do.
All right.
Stay good.
All right.
And sadly, guys, I am going to close up the Skyblind.
I am so sorry.
I know there were more trying to get through, but...
DarkSakura loves to read your emails.
Speaking of...
tweets.
I wanted to read a couple just real quick here.
TigerClaw sent us a couple.
We talked about the offline SimCity one earlier, so let me do this one, which is Activision Blizzard turning the patent battle up a notch.
I didn't even know there was a thing going on there with that.
Trying to bring it up here.
Let's see.
This is when they got sued over Worlds Inc.
on an online game patent.
Activision Blizzard is suing back over different online game patents.
So, essentially...
What is the Worlds game?
Worlds Player Software was a toolkit for creating 3D multiplayer online worlds.
This goes all the way back to 2008 when Worlds did a lawsuit against NCSoft claiming City of Heroes violated its virtual space patent.
It was dismissed after the two companies settled.
But it looks like Activision Blizzard is not going to settle anytime soon and they are taking these patent guys to court.
I hope they can get that all sorted out.
I think patent laws need to be reexamined in this country myself because we hear a lot about these patent messes all the time.
But that's just me and that's probably for another week.
There's a lot of shit in this country that needs to be fixed.
But unfortunately, we're out of time.
Chell, I want to thank you so much for being here tonight.
Thank you.
I know you didn't get to say a lot, a lot outside, but the stuff you did say, I had to fist bump you several times tonight.
So thank you for your viewpoint tonight.
And please come back again sometime soon.
and thank you so much for having me as soon as I can anything you want to plug even if that's your friend's game again or what have you I kind of want to plug another game too it's also an indie game forgot to plug it earlier it doesn't have a demo out yet but once it does I am downloading that shit it's called Coral Cove completely traditional art illustrated and animated so cool
Very nice.
And Gabe, if you're out there listening, prime candidate right here in studio.
Hire this woman when she finishes up all her schooling.
I think she'd be great.
All right.
Last but not least, we go around and we get the final thoughts.
I do want to say real quick though before we get the final thoughts, thank you guys so much for listening to our program, supporting the show.
Supporting independent broadcasting.
Thank you for taking the time out of your day to listen to us.
If you're staying up late listening to us live, thank you.
Your support means the world.
All we ask, if you do enjoy what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two or five about the show.
And yeah, help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio and we will grow our family even more.
don't forget about the podcast awards thing too just again for your consideration we would love it if you'd take the 15 seconds to go to podcastawards.com and nominate us for people's choice and best gaming but even if you don't choose to nominate us be sure to keep it independent because the commercial guys don't need the additional exposure they already have plenty of money let's go around and get everybody's final thought I guess I should start with our guest Chell do you have any final thoughts tonight?
It is weird not having anybody come on me.
I had to do the last showgirls reference.
You know I had to.
I like you a lot, even if that quote's gonna get you into trouble.
Alright.
DarkSakura.
I don't know how you're gonna follow that, but good luck.
What's your final thought?
Loki, your final thought?
I'm disappointed that I missed the leaked Godzilla trailer.
What?
They're making a new Godzilla?
Yeah, didn't you know?
No, I remember that.
It's been all over Tumblr.
It's like a Matthew Broderick one, I remember that.
No, this one.
It's like a legit one.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right, well, have to check that out.
All right.
It's Matthew Broderick.
He's Godzilla.
What happened to my career?
Good things, apparently.
Oh, Matthew Broderick, yeah.
Oh, yeah, no, no, the other guy, Breaking Bad and all that, yeah, but... What happened to my career?
I'm making tons of money!
Matthew Broderick, well, I think he went to stage.
I think he's done a lot with stage.
Election was one of my favorite movies ever, and that was like 13 years ago.
The producers...
Yeah, that's true.
That's why I think he's done more stage type of stuff.
Alright, there we go.
That's it.
Thank you again for tuning into the show.
Have fun with your games, people, and we will see you next time.
Next week, we'll do it all over again here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week. .
