A former would-be dancing game slips down and seeks a modern revival, and the creators of Missing Ribbon announce their latest adventure game.
Everything old is new again on tonight's episode, which begins right now.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 524, October the 20th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you about the latest and greatest in the video gaming world with my co-hosts.
First off, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I have the coffee jitters.
A coffee jitter?
What is that?
What is the coffee jitters?
I had, granted it was decaf, but I still had a venti americano before I came over.
Yeah.
And then I had coffee just now, and I've had lamb.
Now you want another.
No.
I'm good.
You don't want any more coffee?
I thought that's how you fix the coffee jitters, was with more coffee.
No, I'm actually quite good.
All right.
Are you sure you're not going to be driving home and then, Dan, coffee.
I've got coffee at home if it comes to that.
Old OLR in-joke for those that don't know.
Rob!
We have a few of those here.
We have been doing this show for quite a long time.
Our longest running inside joke.
Say hello everybody to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
I'm just kidding.
I just didn't have any other good transition.
How have you been?
Okay.
Yeah?
Anything new and exciting going on?
What's your latest projects you've been working on?
You are, after all, the man of many projects.
Well, let's see.
I'm still trying to work on finishing up.
Actually, that's what I'm doing right now.
I'm looking for a 12-volt battery.
Just that separate screen thing, the wireless second screen for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Oh, right.
You talked about that a couple weeks back.
How's that going?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so I'm just trying to find something that's got somewhat decent battery life and I don't know I took apart my wireless HDMI receiver the other day and thankfully it's actually the board inside it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be and they have like a daughter board on there as well so it's going to be easy to take apart and then I don't know
Once you get this second screen project of yours finished, what's the first thing you're going to do with it?
Like, what's the first game you're going to play with it?
Grand Theft Auto V, of course.
Because, you know, that tells me what's the whole point of this project.
But here's the thing, though, is I don't really need it anymore because I have a setup in my living room where I have my office chair there and my computer monitor since I don't really have a computer on.
So I actually play Grand Theft Auto on that.
Um, so technically I don't really need it anymore because I still have a screen to play it on while my wife watches TV.
But I'm still going to build it.
That's fair.
Because it's a thing.
It's become a thing and now you have to see it through to completion.
I had to prototype something this week that it's some thing that they're planning on or trying to sell or something.
It's like a...
Some will figure with like a USB, like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth adapters built into it and a thumb drive or something.
So I got to play with that this week.
But yeah, I do want to make this.
The thing I got to do after I get all the parts.
So really only parts I have left are the battery and probably a 12 volt step down to 5 volt.
and then some miscellaneous ports and wires and then once that's all done and I figure out how I want to be laid out I have to get the wood to build a mold or yeah sort of I guess a mold for vacuum forming I have to build the vacuum forming rig which that's easy because that's just a box so
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's go to our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And if you are listening live on this Sunday, you can join us in our live chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And Ragenator wanting to know in chat, what baconified food product did Loki bring to the OLR studio tonight?
If it's your first time ever listening to OLR...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All right, meat salad.
I didn't bring anything with bacon on it just because I wasn't that hungry.
And so I just kind of got – it's a two-cheeseburger meal from McDonald's because it's cheap.
I didn't really need to eat anything, but I know because the last time I skipped dinner, I was just like, oh, I'm not hungry.
I'm going to skip dinner.
And then when I got home at 10 o'clock, I was hungry.
So I just – I got something kind of small.
Because I don't really like going to McDonald's in the evening because their fries are stale.
And yeah, their fries were stale again.
I ate them anyways, but they were stale and I'm not enjoying that.
And their burgers weren't even that good either.
So it was just kind of eating just to be full.
That's pretty much it.
I'd love to see you bring some In-N-Out.
Okay, I would, but to reliably get here on time with In-N-Out, it's just a crapshoot because I can't tell how busy they're going to be, and sometimes it's like 30 minutes to get out of there.
Yeah, I just didn't do that.
Although I did eat just bacon the other day for lunch.
That's all I had was bacon, so I guess that counts.
And so I ran out of bacon because we had to eat the whole package before it was gone.
My wife says, well, you ate all the bacon.
I'm like, dude, I only had like three pieces.
So you ate all the bacon.
That's right.
You know, your weakness for bacon is like my weakness for pumpkin.
And this is the time of year, let me tell you.
You're shaking your head.
That's right.
You don't like the pumpkin stuff.
Went to Trader Joe's the other day.
Alan and I loaded up on all this pumpkin stuff, like pumpkin butter, pumpkin bread mix, pumpkin macaroons.
I saw those.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You want to try one?
I need to read the label.
Oh wait, yeah, you're on a diet.
Never mind.
I should be encouraging.
Let me read the label to see if it's good.
Okay.
Go check the freezer.
Reginator says Burger King is better than McDonald's.
Yes, I 100% agree.
Unfortunately, there is like four McDonald's on the way here and one Burger King.
And I just don't feel like stopping off the freeway to stop at the Burger King.
If the McDonald's by me was a Burger King, I'd be stopping at Burger King because I like Burger King way better than McDonald's.
Just FYI, I'd be able to have one if I wasn't so close already to my limit.
Next week, if they're not gone.
I have to stay honest with myself.
All right.
You can do it.
All right.
Let's see.
I had a kickoff topic for tonight.
I don't know how successful this will be, but I was thinking, you know, we're getting into the Halloween season like full swing now.
And I don't know about you guys.
I'm not seeing as many like costume stores this year.
Like last year, it seemed like there was one on every corner.
This year, I'm not seeing as many.
No, I'm not seeing as many.
Maybe it's just the normal locations I see them at.
I don't know.
I've seen quite a few.
Have you?
Well, I thought I would ask what good video game costumes you might be seeing out there.
Like, are you seeing anything gaming inspired?
And what types of great gaming costumes have you seen in the past?
But this is a tricky subject because my mind always goes to these great gaming cosplays I've seen before, which technically is a little different than Halloween.
Yeah, it's just Halloween is the day that cosplay is like.
Cosplay is Halloween for grown-ups every day.
Or every other weekend, really.
See, the difference between cosplay and Halloween is Halloween you get candy.
Cosplay you get sexually assaulted.
I shouldn't laugh at that, but sadly, it's true.
All right.
So what kind of good costumes have you guys been seeing?
Because I find it interesting how Mario and Luigi have really kind of gone into the mainstream.
Well, I mean, it really shouldn't be a surprise.
Those games are obviously like landmark games.
But it's just funny how common that costume is now these days.
When I remember growing up, if you were to dress up like Mario, nobody knew who you were.
Actdeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
Good times.
You know what I realize I still have?
My Organization 13 coat.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
It was me and Kristen and Megzi.
We all went as our OCs, our Organization 13 OCs, which was pretty fun.
I do remember at Disneyland seeing a child dressed up as Sora And I was like, you have the coolest parents ever Because you don't see any Kingdom Hearts related stuff at Disneyland anymore Which is really sad Except for the pins I guess now, I think there's one or two now But yeah, probably just because you're starting to see more and more Kingdom Hearts With the game releases and leading up to 3 and so forth
I know that there's the Organization XIII Mickey, and then there's one other that I haven't been able to find.
I've seen the Organization XIII Mickey, but it'd be interesting.
It's never going to happen, Regenerator.
What's Regenerator saying?
Loki's tingle costume?
No, I think that's a lost cause.
We gave up on that.
Don't get me wrong, I have the build for that, but it's just not going to happen.
I just want to buy that much spandex.
What's your kid going as this year?
Are you doing anything gaming?
He's a firework.
Oh wait, that's right, you mentioned that on a previous episode.
Yeah, my sister is building the costume for that.
Although, I'm wondering though if they're not going to know what he is, because the costume kind of looks like a black t-shirt with garland wrapped around it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Like those things you get at the dollar store.
Stuff you would think that you would see.
Yeah, I've seen like wrapped in gifts and stuff.
Yeah, stuff you would kind of picture at like 4th of July.
So, you know, he's going to have that.
Because that's what he wanted to be.
He wanted to be, you know... He should have Stars and Stripes forever playing wherever he walks.
But, uh... So, yeah, that's what he's going to do.
I'm not doing a costume this year just because...
I don't feel it
It's weird.
It's the first Halloween I've had in a while where I don't have something with Rocky Horror Picture Show going on because that all finished up weeks early this year.
So I don't really have anything this year.
So I did get invited to a party that's right after Halloween that's still a dress-up party.
It's something that Captain Spike is doing, which is the theme is around internet memes.
Okay.
That sounds awesome.
So I know what I'm doing, but I'm not going to say because I know Captain Spike listens to this occasionally.
So I don't want to spoil it because it's got to be a surprise.
But I'll tell you guys off air because I think you guys will get a kick out of it.
Let's see.
Go into our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Blackwolf says, a VOG starter.
Buy the spandex for Loki.
I'm not – it's –
You're never going to let it die.
Don't buy spandex for Loki.
No offense.
I think the world would be a better place.
But then we can get the glamour shots and everything.
I mean, come on.
Let's see.
Code Man in our chatroom says, trying to convince my wife to let me dress our daughter up as a white mage.
Oh, I saw the pictures of the concept stuff on Facebook.
That would be pretty awesome.
That is cute.
That's adorable.
So a little baby white mage.
Well, not baby, but toddler white mage.
It's pretty cute.
now I'm sure this is something that they have like a white mage hoodie like that has like the you know I'm sure it's not horrifically difficult to make you have like just like a white plain hoodie thing and then you kind of put the fringe on it like I mean I don't know how well uh convincing it would look but something like that so
It really actually wouldn't be that hard because to do one of the concepts of a white mage, your basic robe would be a pretty big circle skirt with sleeves sewn on and then just a hoodie top.
I mean it really would be that easy.
I have a pattern for one that I was going to do as a cosplay eventually, but never did.
Yeah, it doesn't seem like, it depends what kind of white mage you're going for.
It wouldn't be too difficult.
If you're trying to go as Yuna, that might be a little trickier, because you've got to get the right colors and all that.
And you also have to be, you know, anorexic.
She's also not a white mage, I mean.
She's a summoner.
Oh yeah, she's a summoner slash white mage.
If you were going to be a white mage, then you would have to be What's-Her-Face from 9.
DarkSakura.com
I played more Fractal.
It's just my chill-out kind of game, so I love it.
I'm playing more Bejeweled.
I actually broke a million points twice on one of the modes, which is actually kind of difficult.
I played Final Fantasy XIV, which I am at the Bukake Manor.
or was it Hauke?
Hawk Manor, yeah.
Yeah.
And so I need help doing that one eventually.
And what else did I play?
I actually played Mass Effect 2 because Becky has this thing for me using the high-res mod.
Well, not really doing the high-res mod but I do the high-res mod anyway to take screen caps for her of her shepherd so that she can have pretty pictures.
So that's what I did.
and then I'm actually playing through I'm trying to finish my game on three just because I should finish it but that and I need more screencap fodder because I'm really really really really running out of ideas for my stupid caption bullshit
and, yes, Bitchface Aerith.
And I do not name Aerith Bitchface.
I name her Aerith with a T-H, but she's still Bitchface in my esteem.
I played something... Animal Crossing.
And I feel bad because I was going to open my village tonight and I left it at home.
So...
Sorry, I have three characters in my village now.
I have Sakura, I have Tsubasa, who I made just for the sole purpose of redecoration and making Ed move, because Ed's fucking creepy.
Did it work?
No, he's still fucking there, the shit.
And I made a character for Julian, for Becky's son.
Oh, nice.
Because I don't know if I... I may have mentioned this before.
He sits with me when I play the game over there, and he practices his reading with Animal Crossing.
So I have to, you know, skip past kitty fuck and, you know, poot.
Well, poot's okay.
But I have to skip past the one that says pussy.
The naughty language.
Kitty fuck and all that.
So...
and DarkSakura.com
Dan busted out the NES and played Kickle Cubicle.
It's just the way you say Kickle that makes it sort of come out the other way.
I remember that game.
So now that we have the NES hooked up, I'm actually going to be playing... I'm thinking about trying to rebuild my skills on Guardian Legend.
Nothing wrong with that.
I am going to be in tears for the next month until I remember how to play that damn game because that game's fucking hard.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
GameNights.
Yeah, I was hearing some good stuff about that on Twitter.
How'd that go?
Well, the first night when I was doing PS3, I was trying to do video capture, and I have the Elgato capture thing, but for some damn reason, it would not pick up the PlayStation 3, even through the component cables, which is weird, though, because I thought I had another set of component cables, so maybe I'm just doing it wrong or something.
I thought I had one that was...
The PlayStation, actually, the multi-AV input thing, it was just that to the Elgato, and I can't find that, so I used the component thing, and that did not work out at all.
It just could not detect it for some reason.
But it was being finicky, even with my Xbox 360 is doing the same kind of bullshit.
So, kind of skipped capturing that stuff.
It's okay, though, because we only had about two people, I think, the first night.
Then on Friday, we did the second game night, which was on the Xbox 360 version of Grand Theft Auto Online.
That was a great turnout.
We had about four or five people, including Bobby.
And we basically... Bobby didn't want to do any death matches, so we just did races and parachute drops.
And then the one I think I had the most fun with was Top Fun.
Top Fun is a team game.
One team is in jets and the other team is in cars.
Cars are motorcycles usually.
They have to get from one point to another point on the map without getting killed by the people in the jets.
It was some pretty intense gameplay.
There was one where we had some other people join in with us, and we had all died.
And then we were just watching this guy just haul ass through the entire Los Santos area and stuff.
And there was this one where he hit a jump somehow and dodged two missiles.
And thankfully, I had the foresight to...
Capture everything.
So I have that all recorded and I'll be cutting a highlight reel.
The only thing that kind of sucks is I didn't manage to record my voice when I'm talking over voice chat.
So you hear a lot of one-sided conversations.
But next time we'll be prepared for that.
But still, four hours of stuff I've got to cut through.
So are you going to do it again next week?
Or is this like a one-to-one thing or what?
It may not be next week, but maybe in a couple weeks we'll do it again.
I don't know, I had a lot of fun, and we just, you know, we actually, I think we leveled up about five levels just playing that, you know, and it was great, so.
Nice.
It's hard, though, because I know people on the, you know, the East Coast and stuff, it's like really late, and Bobby goes up until like three in the morning, because we played until almost midnight, so.
He's always up that late, though.
He runs on West Coast time, even though he's over there in Atlanta.
Um, but yeah, so I'm gonna try to do it again, cause I'm really limited in my window of time, um, to actually play, cause, you know, I have to wait for my son to go to sleep, so.
Um, but yeah, I'll definitely do it again.
Um.
But yeah, it was a lot of fun.
And then aside from playing Grand Theft Auto Online those couple times, I also did play some of the single player and now I'm almost 86% done with my 100% storyline stuff.
I did the rest of the missions I had left and I did all of the, well, some more of the, what was it, the...
Offroad Races, Assassination Missions, and then some of the Tonya towing missions.
But the last one she has isn't triggered yet, so that's the only thing I'm waiting on to get all my Strangers and Freaks stuff done.
but yeah it's been a lot of fun and I'm trying to get the 100% so I can start doing that like Chiliad mystery stuff and I'll definitely be playing more online especially more on 360 because my co-workers flaked on me I had one of my co-workers up here on the Thursday night game so we played but I was the only one that had a headset that day so that was kind of difficult to get people together and he didn't really know how to join games so it was kind of
and DarkSakura.
I can see how they constantly re-invite people back into your game just to keep everyone in the same world.
We had a lot of fun, so definitely looking forward to doing that again soon.
Alright.
Well, be sure to let us all know when the next game night is for Grand Theft Auto.
And in the meantime, you can join the VOG crew, right?
Yeah, we've got like 46 people in there.
Holy moly.
Nice.
Very cool.
My gaming week.
Didn't play as much video games as I would have liked to this week, but I did play a little bit.
I've been playing some Final Fantasy XIV.
My White Mage is an endgame.
I don't know how many of you are playing Final Fantasy XIV out there or are an endgame, but if you are an endgame, then you'll understand what I say.
I got my Ifrit weapon from the Primal Fight, and then two days later got my Garuda one.
After so many tries on the Ifrit one, like two days later I get the better one from Garuda, but whatever.
DarkLightGear.com
and, let's see, what else did I play this week?
I went back and visited Pac-Man Championship Edition, because I don't know if you guys know, but they just came out with the Pac-Man Championship Edition Plus, like the Plus add-on, which is, it's pretty much just a free patch for Pac-Man Championship Edition.
but now they have a little bit of a store kind of built in there so you can buy some additional skins you can buy a couple additional mazes and a couple additional songs not a lot of stuff but uh you know just it's fun to go back and and kind of have a reason to play that again and I like what they did with like the Dig Dug skin and the uh Rally-X skin it doesn't change the game it just makes it look like you're playing Rally-X but it's like Pac-Man style so that's kind of
I don't know, I kind of like that that was something a little different there.
And some of the new songs are cool too.
They also have the original Championship Edition 1 song in there.
So it's kind of neat that you can go back and play that if you want.
The other new game that I've been playing this week...
Oh, thank you.
Actdeft is correcting me in our chatroom.
Live.vognetwork.com.
It's DX+, not Championship Edition.
Championship Edition was the first.
DX was the second.
Now there's DX+.
Excuse me if I'm getting confused with all these frickin' Pac-Man games.
Then we had Pac-Man and Ms.
Pac-Man and Junior Pac-Man and Baby Pac-Man and, yeah, Pac-Mania.
Anyway.
So, new game I played this week.
Last week I told the hilarious story about how I loaned my 3DS out to Princess Irene who then went to Japan.
Well, she came back from Japan, so today I was finally able to play Pokemon Y. So I haven't been able to play a lot of it, but I will say...
It's about time we finally get a next-gen Pokemon game, because this is the first time I've played a Pokemon game in a while where I'm like, oh wow, this looks really good.
This looks like it's running on the current hardware, because let's face it, Black 2 and White 2 and Black and White were not up to par with where the DS was at at that point.
And that's probably the decision to make those games DS and not 3DS probably plays into that a little bit.
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, and I'm loving that within just a few minutes of being in the game and kind of going into the first area, there's already a diverse amount of Pokemon in the very first area.
Like, you're not just going to get a bunch of Bidoofs and Pidgeys in the first area.
There's actually like seven different Pokemon, like enough where you're already sending Pokemon to the box within the first little zone.
Is the box like putting them to sleep?
No, it's putting them in the computer is what it is.
And there's a Pikachu in the very first zone.
And, you know, that's the type of Pokemon that people really want.
People don't go into a Pokemon game going, I really want a Pidgey, or I really want a Zigzag Zoon, or I don't know, maybe you do, but most people don't.
Most people want Pikachu.
They want the cute stuff, you know?
Oh, hell no, I want that dark dog-looking one.
I think it's awesome.
So...
Anyhow, I like that there was already that diversity and so forth.
And again, the combat looks great.
The only downer is if you're playing combat in 3D mode, very noticeable dip in quality.
And I'm sure you've heard this a lot of places, but I'm telling you too, very noticeable dip in quality.
It's almost as if this game was made for the 2DS.
honestly and I kind of think it was in some regards and I think most people will be playing it with the 3D off because like when you're walking around the map and everything it doesn't even really doesn't really use the 3D it only uses the 3D in the battles and maybe here and there like in the opening and things like that that's really it but I mean that doesn't really affect the game at the end of the day but it is a very interesting sign for maybe this 3DS or 3D thing is is gonna be gone a little sooner than we think they tricked you into buying another Game Boy didn't they
No, I did not buy... I waited for Irene to bring my other 3DS back.
No, I'm just saying that the whole thing... Remember, the thing that Nintendo is really good about is getting people to buy the Game Boy over and over and over again.
They'll have the Game Boy, the Game Boy Color, the Game Boy Pocket, the Game Boy Advance, SP, and so on and so forth, different colors.
The DS, the DSi, the DSi XL, the 3DS, which is basically a DS anyways...
And now they're like, oh, hey, we don't really need the 3D anymore.
So it's basically a fancy DS.
Ah, they got you to buy another DS, which in turn is basically Game Boy Advance, which is a Game Boy.
I will say this.
It's not coming up in tonight's news because we had other stuff to talk about.
But there is that 3DS XL with the Legend of Zelda, the two Triforces in the top and bottom.
That 3DS XL is coming out.
It was in the leaked GameStop Black Friday ad.
I'm really hoping it is not a GameStop exclusive I don't know at this point Please don't, please don't be an exclusive Because I really want one But I won't buy it If it's a GameStop exclusive, I won't buy it But I probably will buy that Just because I'm a consumer whore Or more like I haven't been this excited for a Zelda game in a very long time Like the fact that they're making a sequel to Link to the Past I'm like, yes please, admit one please So I definitely look forward to that
however this whole fact that some of the games are really just saying ah fuck 3D that are coming from Nintendo well I guess technically Pokemon is not a first party Nintendo game but it's like a second party it's like it's first party they own the company that makes it but Pokemon company is in a really weird place because don't forget Pokemon company makes iPhone apps too which is something Nintendo refuses to do oh no I guess they're going to make Miiverse though I guess maybe that is changing their it's first party but well whatever it is it's still you know
It's still interesting.
Anyway, I'm very curious to see what's going to happen next with the DS, and I'm kind of wondering if we're going to see a new DS.
I don't know if we would see a new full DS next year, but I just feel like it wouldn't be Nintendo if we didn't get some sort of handheld next year.
You know what I mean?
We got the 2DS this year, which, you know, whatever.
I'm really curious what happens next year.
Is it going to be the 2DS and the clamshell that everybody wants, or is it going to be like 3DS XL Uber or something, you know?
I'm so curious.
Tablet.
Thanks for watching!
Or, I don't know, they'll allow you to run 3DS games on your Wii U. Because that's going to happen, eventually.
I will say it again and again, it's going to happen.
Maybe every single week, but eventually it'll happen.
I'll be like, see, I told you so!
Or it won't ever happen, and you'll just forget you ever said anything.
Alright, so yeah, Pokemon Y, I'm enjoying it.
I'm going to play a little more, way more into it than I was...
Black or Black 2 or any of the previous Pokemon games I have been playing.
So I'll let you know how that goes.
I'll let you know if I actually am able to stick with it to beat a few gym leaders or if I end up giving it up and going back to MMOs full time.
We'll see.
Alright, over at live.vognetwork.com Techness in our chatroom says, I remember playing Yellow.
It was pretty much, yay, I finally have a Pikachu.
Then it became crap.
He's useless when you hit the first gym and end up wasting time leveling up some mediocre grass type.
Yeah, kind of is the one bummer about Pokemon games sometimes is that you don't necessarily get to really play with that starter if, you know, the gym you want to fight is strong to that type.
But there's such a diversity.
You usually find something else you like.
Like, I think it's, I started with Fennekin, obviously, but then when I got that Pikachu in the first zone, I was like, hell yeah, so now I have a Pikachu, and then I like to have a Pidgey, too, because they have the air attack and all that, although he'll probably get replaced later, but for now, you know, so, anyway.
Let's see, going to the chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, Codeman suggests the Nintendo 4DS, you move with the game.
Sky, Loki, and Dark Sakura all getting the new systems.
Good question.
Are we getting the new systems?
We're likely getting a PS4, but I need a job.
I still have a PlayStation 4 on pre-order, although we're going to get into some news here very shortly that kind of makes me make a sad face when it comes to that.
I mean, I'll still get it, but yeah.
Loki?
Not at launch.
Not at launch.
I'm not getting it.
Launch, I canceled my pre-orders already.
Or pre-order, because I didn't pre-order the Xbox One.
Please.
All right.
Going to our housekeeping segment, we just want to tease that we have our Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, and our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
So please be our friend on those sites.
Also, just letting you know, and this may be news to my co-hosts too, sorry about it, but there may not be a show November 10th.
It's looking like I'm going to be out of town thanks to BlizzCon, even though I'm not going.
I am not going to BlizzCon.
You're going to DisCon?
I'm going to DizCon and I'm going to the BlizzCon parties.
Cool.
So, may not be a show November 10th unless I'm able to rush home and be here in time.
We'll see.
Just letting you know in advance, but we still have a couple weeks of show before we get there.
Alright, let's get into gaming news and Loki, some of the sad news for PlayStation 4.
Yes.
Awaiters this week, right?
Sadly, it was bound to happen, but games are being delayed.
I'm not too surprised by this.
Watch Dogs has been delayed to spring 2014.
And the reason why I'm not surprised by this is because Ubisoft has a ton of fucking titles coming out in the fourth quarter, including Assassin's Creed 4 and South Park among them.
So to have Watch Dogs coming out at the same time, I mean, Watch Dogs is almost kind of competing with Assassin's Creed 4.
So why would they want to compete with themselves?
Might as well just put out your game in a slower period of the year and polish it up even more.
Even though that does kind of suck for people that were hoping to buy that as a next-gen game.
I know when I was actually thinking about getting a PlayStation 4, that would have been one of the titles I would have probably picked up for it.
But, yeah, I guess we just got to wait.
Right now it's expected to be hitting the next financial year, which I believe they're estimating that to be second quarter of 2014.
Also, to go along with that, The Crew has been delayed to mid-2014.
And, you know, it's around the, I guess, summer period, so that runs July 2014 to September 2014.
and I'm not surprised.
I mean, I don't even think they really had a date for that other than I think it was supposed to be early 2014, so whatever.
The one that is kind of disappointing though, Sony, one of their first party launch titles has been delayed, Drive Club, which was supposed to be one of those games they actually got at least a somewhat...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, but this is more of, I think it's more of simulation racing, so Need for Speed is definitely arcade, so they might not, it's not necessarily like Forza 5 or something.
Sure.
I mean, they had Gran Turismo 6, but that's PlayStation 3.
Right.
A lot of these games that are coming out, there's not a whole ton of exclusives for these next-gen systems at launch.
And there's still really good games coming out on current-gen.
I mean, right now, Grand Theft Auto V is not on next-gen.
Gran Turismo 6 is not on next-gen.
You know, there's plenty of games out there that they don't have next-gen versions for.
And Call of Duty, let's be honest, it's probably not going to be that much better on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One.
Aside from graphics, it'll probably look nicer.
You know, it's also interesting that big controversy a couple weeks ago when Sony delayed the PlayStation 4 in Japan to next year because they said, you know what, we're really not going to have games out available for it this holiday.
And now it's kind of looking like, yeah, maybe that is the case.
I was curious, what games are going to be out at launch?
What is going to be out on the PlayStation 4?
I have a partial list here on Wiki.
This is Wikipedia.
I have mine full list up in my head.
All right, go for it.
Okay, so as far as, and I can only really speak to North America because I have no idea.
No, that's fine.
That's what I want to know.
Okay, so first party titles are going to be coming out.
You have, of course, Killzone, Shadowfall.
You have Knack, and that's pretty much it, actually.
That is it.
Since Drive Club fell off, that's it.
Third party, you've got Call of Duty, Assassin's Creed 4, Battlefield 4, Need for Speed, NBA Live, NBA 2K14, there's also... What was the other ones here?
There was... This is something no one's going to really pick up.
Skylanders, Swap Force, LEGO Marvel Super Heroes, Angry Birds Star Wars...
The only ones I'm not hearing is Need for Speed Rivals.
I said Need for Speed Rivals.
Just Dance 2014.
Yeah, Just Dance 2014 is coming out.
And you said one of the NBA games, but there's two on the list.
Yeah, I said both.
NBA Live, which is next-gen exclusive, and NBA 2K14, which is... Now, there are some network games, too, which I know you wouldn't be as up on, but there's things like Contrast, Divekick, Minecraft, and Pinball Arcade.
Rezogun is another one those are all things that are set to be available on PlayStation Network Injustice also oh yeah that's right the Injustice Ultimate Edition yeah that's right they're getting a PlayStation 4 version but that's that's that and Injustice to be honest Injustice at least the next gen version is exclusive to the PlayStation 4 so they do have that I guess um
I was going to say also, Xbox One, they still have a decent lineup.
They've got all three of their games.
I was just going to say, Xbox One, as much as they've been getting the short end of the stick with their popularity on the internet, some things they do have that they're going to have on the 22nd, they will have Crimson Dragon.
Dead Rising 3, Forza Motorsport 5, Killer Instinct Although I gotta be honest, I don't care about Killer Instinct anymore Rise, and let's see, Power Star Golf It says it's exclusive, so the Xbox Fitness game as well There's also the Zumba Fitness game And yeah, and then a lot of those same third-party games we'd already mentioned before So, I mean, Xbox, it's funny, it really does have more exclusives
But it's going to be interesting to see, are people going to pay the other $100 to get in on that?
And are the exclusives good enough?
I'm going to be honest, when I look at this list, I go Rise, eh, Killer Instinct, maybe, but I don't like what I'm hearing about it.
Crimson Dragon, okay, yeah, I'd like to check that one out.
But would that sell you a system?
Probably not.
I don't think so, no.
Like, had it been a new Halo game, that might have tipped the scales.
Had it been that Quantum Break, that definitely would have tipped the scales.
So, you know, honestly, it comes down to the third-party games for me.
I think I would like to play Need for Speed, for sure.
I'd like to check out the LEGO game, because usually those are pretty good.
And...
But the LEGO game, I mean, if you really want to, it's coming out on the Wii U about a month before that it comes out on the other systems.
So it's not really a game that needs an X-Gen version of.
And Skylanders, please, that's not a game that needs an X-Gen version of.
I mean, seriously, that's going to be a port...
and Angry Birds Star Wars.
Really?
Really?
No one cared.
Seriously.
So, yeah, that's kind of where I was even when they had their full lineups.
Like, well, there's not really a lot that's selling me on these next gen systems.
Like, the only first party game that looked really good to me for PlayStation 4 was Infamous Second Son.
That was like, oh, hey, that looks kind of cool.
You know, Killzone, I'm just not a fan of Killzone.
If it was a new Resistance game that looked that nice...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the PlayStation 3 has just gotten a little bit more activity now that I'm playing Grand Theft Auto on both systems but it was pretty much collecting dust and the Xbox 360 was the only thing I was playing on and a lot of people now are upgrading to the Xbox One because they figure well I've invested all this time in the Xbox 360 I might as well go along with that you know to carry over my gamer score which really doesn't mean anything folks just saying and
I got over that.
Wouldn't your trophy information on PlayStation carry over too?
Yeah, that's going to carry over too.
I'm talking about 360.
That doesn't really count for anything.
I can't do that anymore.
Even when I do go to buy a system, I'm not going to buy all of the different systems out there just because I don't have time to play all of them.
Honestly, I don't want to waste money on more than one system.
So...
I'll just wait and see and I'm sure price drops will happen or at least there'll be more games out there in some time so might as well wait for something that I really want to play like an action version of Grand Theft Auto 5.
Alright, we'll see.
Anyhow, yeah, I'm curious to see how that all pans out this holiday season, like what games end up being the big seller this holiday.
Because I gotta say, it's really funny, the games I'm looking forward to the most are on Wii U.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
So, anyway.
Alright, let's move on.
Speaking of Xbox One, Xbox One not going to be doing any type of real name integration at launch.
You're still going to be using your gamer tags at launch.
Now, don't mishear me here.
I'm not saying that Xbox was going to plan to switch everybody to their real names, although that would be hilarious for the trolls.
But you know I'm not here for that either.
I threw a fit when Blizzard threatened to do it with real ID.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The game tags are all you're going to have on Xbox One.
They did say, quote, Our teams are working hard to deliver a quality experience for Xbox One.
This means prioritizing some features and sometimes postponing others for a later update.
Honestly, I don't miss the fact that they're not going to use my real name.
Who cares?
It's not something I really want them to use.
Did Xbox say it's coming off of Facebook?
Because if they get that from my credit card, I will not be happy.
I would imagine it would have to come from Facebook because they have alternate payment forms now.
It's not all just through a credit card.
I guess that's true.
But just so you know, the real names are how people are supposed to be able to search for you, like if they want to be able to find you or whatever.
But then I would think, well, what kind of privacy restrictions are they going to put in place?
I kind of don't want people to search for my name and find me.
Sorry, if I want you to find me, I'll give you my gamer tag, which any listener of this show that's ever asked for it, I've given it to them.
Honestly, there's a lot of people that share my name, so it doesn't matter.
Or... Or...
or having the maybe keeping the name secret but having it for issues of just searching if you know who you're looking for yeah that might be something different however I I don't know but yeah I gotta be honest if I want you to find me I'll give you my gamer tag
Exactly.
I don't need you to be able to just search for my name or whatever.
I think what they're trying to do is they're trying to integrate it with Facebook even tighter so that way, you know, once it gets you to connect it one time, it's going to be like, look at all these people you don't have on your Xbox friends list yet, but you're friends with them on Facebook.
Add, add, add, add.
Don't you want to add them now so you can send them cookies and fight with them on Killer Instinct and all this stuff?
I don't know.
so going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com Ragenator says Sky why associate a credit card number with a system when there's those PSN Wii Xbox Live funds cards that are everywhere because it's an extra step no that's a good point and I try not to give them that information anymore but I think they have it on file because my Xbox Gold still comes from that and historically they would have had that information anyway so there you go
STJ100 Matt in chat says I don't really want people to know my real name here sure I want to play with people but I don't really want people to know my real name yeah I'm kind of with you and if these systems are going to reveal either one of them if it's unveiled that they're going to show the real names or whatever I'm out I'm not buying the system if that crap is in there yes I do want anonymity but it's not to troll people it's because I play video games to escape the real world sometimes so just saying
DarkSakura
Well, for something that is not complain-worthy, something that's actually good, is that Squeenix said that Kingdom Hearts 2.5 Remix is a HD compilation that has the Kingdom Hearts 2 final mix, Birth by Sleep final mix, and the remastered cinematics from ReCoded.
and it's going to be on PS3 and is going to be out in 2014 but no mention of PS4.
So this will be coming after the 1.5 remix.
So yay.
More HD Kingdom farts.
I saw that new trailer though for Kingdom Hearts 3.
Sexy.
Sexy.
What did I say on my friend's Facebook?
I think I said this is serving up some big Thunder Mountain electric parade realness.
Now I did watch it and I was just like this looks like more Kingdom Hearts.
I think it wasn't really big Thunder Mountain at all.
I think that train was part of the electric parade.
Yeah, and the stage name was in the corner, and it didn't say Big Thunder Mountain.
Granted, they might call it something different in Japan.
I don't know.
But it was interesting that anything they did show did not incorporate any other Disney properties besides the goofy and Donald sidekicks that you expect to see.
Because you saw Traverse Town, and then you saw a big pirate ship that was flipping around in circles.
and then you didn't really like you didn't see you know Mulan World and you didn't see Tron and you didn't see you know 100 Acre Wood you didn't see any of that stuff so we still don't know exactly what's going to be represented in the game but I figure they want to keep most of that a secret for a good long while well and it also if I'm right at the two Disney parks in Japan I think that there's not a big Thunder I think that they've combined that concept with the Indiana Jones ride to have an outdoor roller coaster oh okay that sometimes runs backwards yeah
And wouldn't that be fascinating if they had an Indiana Jones level or something that incorporates the LucasArts?
They technically can.
They can, but... Marvel?
I wonder if they will.
I mean, that's a little bit more separate, but Marvel.
I think they're going to keep it Disney to Squeenix and leave it there.
I think they will too, but I could see a very subtle, like, here comes Indiana Jones.
I could see that being a thing.
Just a little bit of a wink and a nod to some of their recent acquisitions.
I think putting Marvel in there would be too much.
That's like a completely different universe.
What about Pixar stuff?
I really hope they do.
I think some of the Pixar games would make for great levels.
Especially with how they've been pushing the Cars franchise.
Yeah, Cars Land and all that has been huge.
For a very short ride.
Oh my god.
I would love to do something in the Wall-E universe.
Wall-E is kind of set on Earth, so I don't know exactly what they would do with that, but we'll see.
Incredibles?
That'd be cool.
But yeah, a lot of the Pixar stories are sort of like, they're not really about their worlds so much as they are the characters, I think.
Star Wars would be cool, though.
Yeah, Star Wars would be very cool.
DarkSakura, did you see the other news about Kingdom Hearts 3?
Um, I let me, uh, no.
Sorry.
Because my iPad's being a shit again.
Hold on.
You know what?
I do believe that there is a little bit more news and of course it is something that we're pretty aware was going to happen regardless is that Utada Hikaru may return for Kingdom Hearts 3 which I think is probably going to happen.
She really should, I mean.
But she's been on a musical hiatus or something, right?
Didn't she take a break or something?
She did, but there was actually a post that came from Utada Teruzane, who is her dad, who said that the two of them were undecided when it came to Kingdom Hearts 3.
So she's not contributing a new theme song, but there's a chance she might help.
I sure hope she does do something with it.
It'd be great.
Because the songs, especially Simple and Clean, was so important to Kingdom Hearts, you know?
Yeah.
Codeman in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Wreck-It Ralph World?
That would be too meta.
That's too meta.
Although, Sugar Rush would be pretty great.
I could still see them doing that.
That would be pretty cool.
Like a Sugar Rush level would be kind of, like just even like instead of the gummy ship.
Tangled, I could see Tangled.
Oh, I could totally see Tangled.
I kind of hope they do that.
That would be great.
You know which one?
The festival lights.
Now, have they done this yet?
Because I liked it.
I thought it was a good movie.
Emperor's New Groove.
I don't know if they ever did.
Unless they did it in one of the handheld games.
I don't think they did.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, Indiana Jones in Kingdom Hearts would be better than the Crystal Skull.
Oh, ain't that the truth.
I have bars low.
Shia LaBeouf is not allowed to be in Kingdom Hearts.
Do not let that kid anywhere near Kingdom Hearts.
You keep Shia LaBeouf away from Kingdom Hearts.
Not gonna happen.
Ooh, Actdeft is suggesting Brave.
That would be a great Pixar movie.
I can see that, yeah.
I can totally see that as well.
That would be great.
Alright, anyhow, we could fan-wank Kingdom Hearts worlds all day long, but the reality is we are just not gonna know until they make some formal announcements, so we'll see what happens.
Loki!
Alright, so some other good news for the Xbox One platform.
They are making available to all the developers the Xbox Live Compute, I don't know if you would call it, I guess, SDK, which is basically the ability to use the cloud servers for off-platform computations, including physics, and more importantly, dedicated servers.
And so because of that,
Dedicated servers for all multiplayer games is possible, but it has to be enabled by the developers because they can also choose to have control over that versus using the Xbox Live Compute stuff.
And I guess they're saying that they have over 300,000 virtual servers powered by cloud technology.
So...
Sounds like they could get some... I mean, that's definitely a plus for a lot of people that play multiplayer, especially like Call of Duty and stuff, that you're going to have dedicated servers.
And also kind of curbs cheating a bit, because there's people that hack the platforms and stuff, and having a dedicated server would kind of eliminate that.
Sounds ambitious.
And entirely a good idea.
Yeah.
I'm just curious to see how stable that all is.
Every company comes out and says, Hey, yeah, we've seen these problems with connectivity and stuff like that.
It's not going to happen to us.
We're prepared this time.
And every time, it's fucked up.
I'm kind of curious to see how all these servers are going to play into that, or if it's just going to be a big fucking mess.
Because...
I wouldn't be surprised if it was a big fucking mess just because all the other, you know, online games and stuff have just been mess.
What will be the first Xbox game to get that error 37 equivalent or the SimCity connection error and all these hilarities in the past?
The one that I could see would be the biggest...
Paying the ass would maybe be fours of five, because remember you have to download part of the game, or most of the game, because it's not done yet on the disc.
I can see that being a problem if you can't connect to their cloud servers.
Also, the other thing, remember, just like Rockstar just had the problem where it wasn't necessarily...
All of the cloud service, but mainly the matchmaking stuff was down.
And so even if you have a part of your service down, that could still affect everything.
So I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It makes me think that there's a little bit more hype to it than is actually going to be reality.
So I guess we'll have to see when it launches.
I'm sure we'll be talking about stories of connectivity.
I'm not saying it's probably limited to Microsoft at all.
If the PlayStation 4 relies heavily on cloud servers, then yeah, it's probably going to be everybody.
Cyan Inc.
Cyan Inc.
Well, they have announced that they are making a new game.
It's called Abduction.
Not Abduction.
It's O-B-D-U-C-T-I-O-N.
Abduction is the new game.
But here's the interesting thing.
It is a Kickstarter game.
This is where they're taking their case to Kickstarter.
And they're trying to get $1.1 million to make this game work.
They're talking about very similar exploration-driven gameplay that helped make Myst a reality.
They're going to do Unreal Engine 4.
is what they want to be able to license to make this game work.
And they're targeting mid to late 2015.
So they're giving themselves plenty of time to make abduction happen.
So if you want to check that out, you can go to their Kickstarter.
Now, the thing that really got me about this though is I'm like, dude, this is the studio that made Myst and Riven.
Like, why do they have to turn to Kickstarter?
Like, surely there's a publisher or somebody out there that's willing to back them a little bit.
So I was kind of like, well, what the hell else have they done?
Outside of Riven and Myst.
Anybody know, without cheating, what some of the other games Cyan Inc.
did in the downtime?
Because once I went to go look at the list, I was like, oh yeah, there was that game that really didn't do well.
It was the one that was that Myst, not Myst Online or whatever the hell they ended up calling it, that was part of, wasn't GameTap actually?
It was Myst Online, Uru Live.
You're right, that's it.
It went over to GameTap.
There were a lot of Uru games actually.
Uru, I think, was the third Myst game.
and then they did all these different Uru games that Ubisoft was doing for a while including Myst 5, went all the way there and then Myst Online, yeah I remember that game kind of flopped and GameTap picked it up and ran it for a little while I actually played Myst Online, the funny thing is back in 2007 this show was around and I think there's some old episodes where I was talking about my experiences in Myst Online it was just such an odd game, like I don't mean that in a bad way, it was just like, it was so like just
It's kind of creepy, odd, like the ambience in that game was really like chills.
But I mean, I enjoyed what I did play of it, even though it wasn't as obvious of a game as World of Warcraft or even EverQuest where it's like experience leads to levels, leads to abilities, leads to gold, gold, gold.
You know, Uru Online was a very different type of game.
Other than that, that was 2007.
And since then, it's been a lot of iPhone, iPod, iPad type of stuff.
They adapted Myst.
They adapted Riven.
They did some games called Bug Chucker and Stone Ship.
So Abduction is a very kind of anxious...
Return to form, shall we say, for this company.
And best of luck to them.
They just might do it.
They got a $1.1 million goal.
They have raised just shy of half a million.
They're at $460,000 with 26 days to go.
So they've already made between a third and a half of the money with only four days down.
So that's pretty cool.
$25 or more will get you the game via Kickstarter, by the way.
$45 is a digital collection.
Let's see some of the crazy rewards they're giving.
$10,000 or more will give you an experience design at Cyan.
You can actually go to an early abduction design meeting.
You can either go there or join via Skype.
And I guess you get to have your say in the game.
Kind of neat.
So there you go.
And they're already looking at stretch goals too, but they won't say what they are until they reach the base funding, which I imagine would just be more expansions of the game and so on and so on.
So going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, SSJ100Matt says, Mist was odd.
I should go back to it.
I still have the original CD-ROM copy laying around.
Ragenator says, The Riven original soundtrack is great to play if you're having trouble sleeping.
Dungeon Buster says Cyan went the way that a lot of adventure games did in the 90s, which is probably why they're kickstarting this project.
Tim Schafer had to kickstart his own adventure game just to get it going.
well it's so interesting because a lot of these projects end up being very successful so it's surprising to me and especially with how well The Walking Dead did last year and was so well received and everything I'm like I'm really surprised that the mainstream is not getting like dude people never really got over the 90s adventure game thing like there's still very much an audience for that you know
Anyhow, Ragenator says, SSJ100, Matt, is that even playable on modern PCs?
Well, they had it in GameTap, and even though GameTap is a few years old at this point, you definitely could play all those games.
I'm sure it's got to be on good old games, right?
Myst has to be there.
It's got to be.
All right, there you go.
So good luck to the studio getting that going.
It'll be exciting if they get it done.
I hope it's as creepy as other games.
DarkSakura.
Well, Rob, this actually may affect you.
May or may not affect you.
And 50,000 other people that I know fucking play this game.
Do I have to go get a shot?
No, no, no.
But there is a bug.
However, it's not a sickness bug.
It's a sickness within Pokemon X and Y. Also the entire game.
Yeah, the whole game.
No.
Basically, if you save your game in Lumio City, there is a problem where if you save in and around the streets outside the city, the game will lock up and make you have to reset your game.
And when you reboot, the game will load the save and freeze again.
Basically, it loops and loops and loops.
Now, Nintendo is aware of this and they're working on making a patch for it that will be downloaded when they have it done.
So at least they know about it.
At least something's going to happen.
It just hasn't happened quite yet.
And, you know, they're saying they've put out a map.
It's only a Japanese one, which I will go ahead and also link to the chat room, assuming it loads.
But for those of you who are affected by this, sorry, start over and don't save in the town.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase rainbow.
Yeah, I'm going to make a note of that, so I don't do that.
But I do like how in the new Pokemon games you can practically save anywhere.
So that's pretty cool.
Useful.
Much useful.
Better than trying to find a save point and do it that way.
That's for sure.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games coming out soon that hopefully aren't broken, that have hopefully been quality tested.
Which is, by the way, not to get all like tangenty or whatever, but that's the good thing about those other games you were talking about earlier getting delayed.
Like things like, you know, Drive Club and Watch Dogs and everything.
You know what?
If they have to do that to QA the games and make sure that they're going to be right, then fine.
Delay them.
We'll never remember that they were delayed.
Wasn't Grand Theft Auto V delayed a bunch?
Yes.
We all forgave them.
We forgive them, right?
And it was worth it.
That's right.
It was worth it.
So, you know what?
I would rather the games get delayed to test the QA.
Now, in this Pokemon, I don't know.
I mean, like, because you can save anywhere, like, I don't know if they would have found that during QA testing or whatever.
That would be a very tricky thing to find.
It would be.
So, I mean, I forgive them, but Nintendo's got to be able to patch these things faster and more efficiently, too, I think in some ways.
you know what I mean like you kind of expect on Xbox and Playstation it's always going to patch right away if they have them Nintendo can kind of be a pain in the butt they haven't quite figured out this whole internet thing yet yeah that's and I think that's part of what's their worst nightmare right now with Wii U I'm still convinced that plays into it I mean my friends have made good arguments about to the contrary and about how you know there is DLC for like Assassin's Creed now they just started that a year ago but see there's something about all of that
and the fact that nothing ever showed up for Mass Effect 3 nothing showed up for Injustice and all that just kind of nothing showing up for Assassin's Creed 4 there's something really weird about that I mean granted Nintendo's doing it themselves now with Super Luigi and all this other stuff but are they doing it differently than it was done on 360?
I don't know so
and EA Uplay has a channel on Wii U though
Oh, well then I don't know.
Maybe they changed something.
I don't know.
Or maybe it's trickier on Nintendo or something.
I don't know.
Anyway, Tangent Train, Choo Choo, let's go to release dates.
So this week we actually have quite a few things coming out.
Starting off with Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 Full Burst, which is a re-release of the game with DLC, PS3, and 360.
For that, Deus Ex Human Revolution The Director's Cut coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and debuting on the Wii U.
Um, and of course those are re-released for, you know, the other two platforms.
Uh, Spongebob, Plankton's Robotic Revenge on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Wii U, 3DS, and DS.
Uh, Hometown Story, if you're a fan of the Harvest Moon games, it is
Sort of a spin-off of that.
That's on 3DS this week.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, 3DS, and Vita and PC.
The Sims 3 Into the Future.
That's a new expansion.
That's on PC, of course.
Um...
Let's see.
Also, Disney Infinity, some more of the packs are coming out.
Toy Story, as well as the Woody figure.
And I believe next, not next week, but the week after next is Jack Skellington.
I was going to say, where the hell is Nightmare Before Christmas?
It's that time of year, right?
Well, it's been a GameStop exclusive for right now.
Exclusive on the figurine.
And Woody, I think, is exclusive to Walmart or Target or Toys R Us, one of those stores.
I got an exclusive finger for GameStop right here.
Sorry to the employees.
My anger is not with you, the front-end associates.
If you want to get some 2K games that have been out before, there are some collections coming out, including the 2K Essentials collection, which is, I believe, Bioshock, Borderlands, and I want to say... Oh, what the hell was the last game there?
I can't...
XCOM, the first XCOM game that was on 360.
Not really the first XCOM game.
On 360.
You'd be going back to the 90s.
No, I said the first XCOM game on 360.
Okay, okay.
In PS3.
That's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
They also have another collection, the Strategy Collection, which is Civ V and XCOM.
That's on PC.
and then there's another one with, I don't remember, I'll get to that in just a second here.
Let's see, Rocksmith 2014 edition coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC.
Of course, they also have a version without the little adapter in case you bought the game before and a version with a guitar because, you know, you need a guitar for that game.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on 3DS, Wii, and Xbox 360.
And that's based on the new cartoon series on Nickelodeon.
Just Dance Kids 2014 on Wii and Wii U and Xbox 360.
Oh, God, there's a kids game this year, too?
There's been a kids game for the last few years.
I knew there was the one.
There's four kids games last year.
God, does it have that horrible... God, that joke.
No, the... What does the fox say about...
I don't know, but that would be pretty funny.
Oh my god, that song gets on my nerves so bad.
I've finally, by the way, seen that, and I was sorry I saw that.
They play it on the radio now, and I'm like, okay, that was funny for a day.
Stop.
I'm so glad I don't listen to the radio.
It made me laugh the first time, and after that I was like, yeah.
And my wife has told me, and I also saw this, but I actually haven't listened to this song yet.
Well, apparently it's a huge kids song.
It's a kids thing.
The What Does the Fox Say.
I thought it was a stoner song because it was a bunch of stoners jumping around.
What does the bong say?
What about that Chinese food song?
Now that, I'm here for that.
That song cracked my ass up and the video is fantastic.
I hated myself for finding it funny.
I have not seen that song yet.
Oh no, the Chinese food, that's great.
Just seeing that guy take the panda thing off, I'm like, it's that dude!
it's the little things too the like little subtly horribly racist things in the video like when they're talking like they're playing Monopoly like he rhymes some freaking Chinese who a Monopoly and then he moves the piece to Oriental Avenue in the video it's like they're going for every it's like they're going for every fucking stereotype in the universe oh but I I love its badness but then again like Showgirls is my favorite movie so it's sort of like I don't know if it's trying to be Lisa Lampanelli style funny but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then Wii Party U for the Wii U. This game was so great looking that they also had to throw a remote in there and a horizontal stand for your... What games are in Wii Party U?
I know nothing about this game.
It's crap.
Okay, We Party was terrible.
It's gonna be crap.
In Soviet Russia, We Party You!
Just what the name makes me think.
I'm sorry.
Some other random games coming out.
Cradle of Egypt 2, which is a puzzle game, and Girls Fashion Shoot, which is a fashion simulator game.
That's it.
That is it.
That would be everything.
Oh, yay.
Although, I do have to say this week, though, I believe is also the DLC for Saints Row 4.
So, there's some DLC coming out for that.
The Enter the Dominatrix stuff.
Alright.
Now's the part of the show where you get to hear me horribly butcher Japanese release dates.
Yay!
On the PlayStation 3 in Japan on October 24th, BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma comes out, as well as GQ Powerful Pro Yaku 2013, which is that soccer?
It's baseball.
Baseball.
Tears to Tiara 2, Hau no Matsue
That's, I don't know, but it looks like some type of role-playing-esque game.
I don't know what this is.
This is like half the other things I see come out.
Let's see what else there is.
Root Double Before Crime, After Days Extended Edition, and Kazuko Kyaku Tomogu Ito in Regular and Limited Edition from Cyberfront this week, which looks like... Okay, I'm looking at a screenshot from this game.
Okay.
And I'm sorry, but those breasts are like too much.
For that face.
Yeah, for that cute little chibi face, she's got these breasts like she would be tipping forward.
She is tipping forward.
However, I can say I was quite young and quite stacked.
Yeah?
So it is possible.
Were you that stacked?
Because that's a bit much.
I'm gonna put it this way.
I've been a D since I was 13.
You're blessed.
It's fine.
You're blessed.
Nothing wrong with that.
Boys like that.
Some girls too.
Oh, if they don't show the boy's face, then it's a date rape game.
I don't know about this, because the guy is... This is a little bit of an awkward picture.
That's a fucking game.
That may not look consensual.
So, the quote South Park.
Nice.
It's not okay.
It's essentially a Moi game.
Which Alan just said in chat.
Yep.
Alright, going to the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
Nada.
Nuttin.
Zero.
Zilch.
On the PlayStation 3, though, that same baseball game, GQL Powerful Pro Yaku 2013 from Konami.
That's an ongoing series, too.
On the Wii U this week in Japan, Sonic Lost World, which I think came out here this week, right?
Sonic Lost?
Meh.
On the Nintendo 3DS, a bunch of Sonic stuff, including the Sonic Lost World port over there, but also some little headphones and cute little stickers and all that shit on the 3DS.
And lastly, the PSP.
Still getting a lot of stuff right now, including that same baseball game from Konami.
Diabolik Lovers More Blood.
Yes, that is the name of the game.
Diablo Lick, Lovers, More, Blood.
And it does kind of look like, oh God, it looks like Twilight as an anime video game.
It's a visual novel.
Nope.
They're getting a ton of visual novel games.
Nope.
Nope to that one.
Nope, N-O-P-E.
All right, DarkSakura, how about the UK?
There's a few things.
On the 21st, which is already the 21st there as of right now, Eldritch on PC and Warfare on PC, on the 23rd, Alien Rage for PS3, the 24th, Dream Chamber, Just Dance Kids 2014, and Ace Attorney 5 for the 3DS.
On the 25th, God, tons of stuff.
Batman Arkham Origins, Blackgate, Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Storm 3, Full Burst, Rise of Venice, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and We Party U.
DarkSakura,
Okay, like, I would be with you there, but remember, Wii Sports, biggest game ever.
Ever.
No, no, no.
I have no problem with the Wii Sports.
That's fine.
I'm talking about having the U at the end.
Like, do we really need new Super Mario Bros.
U?
Or, you know...
anything anything kind of just what they do though the only system that didn't really do that was the GameCube I mean even with the Super Nintendo it was super everything Super Adventure Island and Super Star Wars and super you know it was super they were so much better than their previous versions I mean come on there wasn't really anything that was super that wasn't that was a pretty awesome that was a pretty super system
You're going from 8-bit to 16-bit.
Everything looked pretty super.
Thank you, Actdeft.
And the chatroom says blank 64.
Everything was blank 64 on the N64.
Superman 64.
Mario Kart 64.
Mario 64.
This is just what Nintendo does.
They beat that name into you.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft says super all the things
It's like it's pumpkin or something right now.
So there you go.
Live.VogNetwork.com.
Let's get into some stories.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about games with gold.
And this was something that I was kind of meh.
I mean, it's only two games a month and stuff.
And I know a lot of direct comparisons with PlayStation Plus, which, by the way, folks, if you haven't jumped on this yet, Shadow of the Colossus is available on PlayStation Plus.
I need to jump on that.
As is Ico.
Yes, I echo as last month.
I think it's still available though.
Yeah, they cycle them through every now and then.
But Shadow of Colossus is on there now.
And also the, what was it, the poker game from Valve is on there now.
Or no, not Valve, Telltale Games.
The Poker at the Inventory 2 or whatever the second one was.
Oh yeah, I played that this week too for a little bit.
I suck at poker, that's what I learned.
Yeah, so those are available.
But anyways, this month, of course, there was Halo 3.
And then I forget the other game that was coming out.
But they say, though, they are going to continue on with the program.
Originally, it was only supposed to go through the launch of the Xbox One.
But they figured out, hey, you know what?
People like values.
So they are going to keep on doing two games a month.
So far, a lot of the games I already had, but you know, okay.
Yeah, I mean, it's cool that they're giving these away.
It's hard to complain about free stuff.
I'm going to.
It is a little hilarious that they're giving away Halo 3 for free.
I don't expect them to give away Halo 4, but I mean, come on, meet me halfway here.
Like maybe ODST or...
Yeah, I mean Halo Reach Yeah, or Anniversary Edition Because, you know, the games that are coming out on PlayStation, like the Shadow of the Colossus and I think that was about a year or two old and, I mean, Saints Row the Third about two years old and it was already on there, or Hell, Hitman Absolution To be fair, that is a little bit fuzzy math with Shadow of the Colossus because it is a remake of a much older game I understand, but the release of the HD version was about one or two years I'm with you, I'm with you, fair enough
I would love to see some PlayStation 1 games on there, or Final Fantasy.
Yeah, they kind of stopped doing the PS1 games, didn't they?
Yeah, like Final Fantasy or something.
They gave away Tactics at one point, I think that was on PSP, but I think they might have given away one of the older Final Fantasy games too, or they all went on sale or something.
Alright, let's see, NVIDIA doing an update to what's called the GeForce Experience.
This is that gameplay optimization software and I've never used this because I have the AMD or ATI, excuse me.
Yeah, I got a pop-up this morning saying that I needed to update that and I'm like, shit, I didn't even know I had it, so okay.
But I bring this up because one of the things they're going to be adding to this is that you're going to be able to capture gameplay if you have a 600 or a 700 series card so you can edit and you can upload.
And of course, even more people now streaming their games on Twitch.
I mean, this is becoming a real huge thing, which is, you know, as somebody who really loves independent broadcasting, I mean, I do kind of love it.
But at the same time, I'm like, wow.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
There you go.
That's basically what we have on the next-gen consoles.
Yeah, what the next-gen consoles are doing.
They're starting to catch this up a little bit.
But it's 10 to 20 minutes and not just 10.
I would imagine it's whatever you have available on your drive, too.
So it varies on the card and how fast it is.
Most likely.
So there it is.
Some folks are going to be checking that out.
I'm pretty sure ATI is only a matter of time before they have a response to this in their own thing.
If they don't already.
And then everybody will be on Twitch.
Exactly.
Watch my channel.
No, you can't.
I can't watch your channel because I'm streaming on my channel.
Yeah.
It's going to be that.
Eventually there's not going to be anyone to view these channels because everyone's going to be streaming their games and clogging the internet.
And it's all one site too, which is fascinating to me.
I mean, I know there's like Ustream and a couple others, but it's really fascinating to me that like one company has such a huge share of this.
Clearly they must be using those Microsoft Cloud Azure servers or something.
All right, let's travel to a time when gaming was a little more simple.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Get off my lawn and play this game!
This game was great.
It had good music.
Why would you suggest it as a joke?
Yes, it did have good music.
I was just like, pick something, Dan.
He's like, I don't know Adventure Lolo.
I'm like, okay.
Sure.
Here's the music.
Even Loki's head-bobbing a little bit.
I used to play this game.
I know, I used to love this game.
This is a great game.
It is a great game.
So anyway, in the Adventures of Lolo, basically his sweetie Lala is captured by the villain King Egger.
So Lolo's like, bitch, you give me back my woman.
And he marches right up to the castle and kicks the door down.
And says, I'm not taking your shit.
You know, I don't seem to remember it going that way, but... That's my version.
Oh, you read the DarkSakura version.
And then he sets the castle on fire.
Yeah.
And then he and Lolo make little round babies.
He and Lala make little... Somehow Lolo became gay in your version.
Would that be auto-gay?
And that's how Kirby was made.
God...
We're going to break.
I'm done.
I'm done.
So yeah, you basically go through the stages and they get harder and harder.
Every four rooms you get to go upwards.
Closer to his victory.
His sweet, sweet victory.
And if you get stuck in a stage, you have the option of dying.
Which was great.
Goddammit, death.
So you commit suicide when you're done with life.
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says Lolo, the game with its own suicide button.
Exactly.
So you can destroy the enemies and shoot at them and you turn them into movable eggs but if you shoot the egg it disappears.
Now the game was produced I'm sorry, developed by HAL Laboratory and published by HAL America for the NES and it came out on April 20th the day after my birthday.
Remember it everybody and get me stuff.
420, it's not hard to remember.
Lolo 2 and Lolo 3
Um, it's just a fun little adventure game.
It's cute, you know.
It, it, yeah, it gets kind of frustrating, uh, uh, later on, you know.
But it's a fun game, and it's one that's pretty much held up.
I played probably more of Lolo 2 than the first one, or the third one, because by the third one came I was like, I don't care.
But, uh, I always had fun with it.
I've always loved little spatial puzzle games like that.
You know, with little enemies running around.
Well, like your gaming week, you've been playing like Bejeweled and Fractal.
It's a bunch of the same type of like puzzle games.
I fucking love Fractal, okay?
No, no, no, you don't.
I wish it was ten years later so I could do Fractal as my classic game.
Because it's like instant fucking classic.
You have no idea.
But anyway, back to Lolo and Lala.
It's a fun game.
Basically, like I said, Lolo 2 and Lolo 3 came out in 90 and 91 respectively.
There's a Game Boy version that came out in 1994 that came out with the same name, Adventures of Lolo.
In Japan, it came out as Lolo no Daibouken.
Lolo and Lala did appear in Kirby's Dream Land, Rob.
and in Kirby Superstar as Lololo and Lalala and in Kirby's Avalanche as Lololo and Lalala where they are antagonists.
I thought it was funny that you were making the Kirby joke earlier but Actdeft, yeah, was bringing up that same thing in our chat room and it was making me think as well.
I was like, oh yeah, both these games were made by, both Kirby and Lolo were HAL laboratories.
And if you think about it too, I always thought that the little blue critter in Guardian Legend was Lolo.
Yes, but it's... It's not.
It's from that shooter game.
It's Zan... Zan... Not Zanac.
I keep thinking, like, Zanax.
Is it Zanac?
It's a drug.
Yeah, I think it's Zanac.
The little lunar lander or whatever.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
But when I... You know, before I was familiar with Zanac, I, you know, I often thought that it was...
Lolo.
I mean, I guess having a blue puff ball with legs, you know, you can't get too far away from that.
So anyway, according to Actdeft, they also appeared in the Kirby anime.
So, yay.
So are you looking it up?
Well, I'm trying to remember what that little thing was called.
and somebody in the chat room.
What is the name of the little blue fucker?
I don't know how to spell Zanac.
That's why.
It's Z-A-N-A-C.
That was the game.
What was that little fucker called?
Outro Outro Outro
in North America.
In Japan, Zanuck was published by Pony Canyon.
But you know what this segment isn't about, Zanuck?
You know what else Pony Canyon has done?
What?
Porn!
At least they're not pink pineapple.
You know, we're talking about the classic game of the week, Adventures of Lolo, and now we're talking about porn.
Only here at Orange Laundry Well, I'm sure somewhere there's a Lolo-shaped vibrator or something, I don't know This is after you made Lolo gay and set the castle on fire No, auto-gay Alright, whatever He is only, no, he's self-sexual Or would it be auto-sexual?
Are you done?
I'm trying to think of what the politically correct term would be now I think it's auto-sexual I'm gonna be thinking about this all during the break I just love that it's to this music
Hey, this is a wonderful clip for the highlight show.
I love you guys, okay?
Alright.
Because I wouldn't have thought up all this fucked up shit if not for you.
I love you too.
Are you fucking done?
I'm fucking done!
God damn it.
The classic game of the week.
I think it was Adventures of Lolo.
But it might have been Zanac.
So... It's always the Guardian legend every episode.
Alright, that's it.
We're going to take a break.
Yes, I agree with Queen Simya, just narcissistic.
Stay classy, Part A. Live.VogNetwork.com Alright, and what's this?
DarkTetsuya says, wow, it took an hour and a half to get to the porn talk.
Sit down, be quiet.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
When we come back, we have plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio up next.
Rapid Fire News, the Fugle Question of the Week, emails, and your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday night, October the 20th of 2013 with the 524th episode of our show.
You know, next week that means is episode 525, which might mean something because it's a multiple of 25 and it's a palindrome, but I guess we don't really do anything to celebrate.
I don't know what else to do.
it would be the Halloween show I would say we could do like a specially themed Halloween show but we never have so why start now what would we do sit here and play Silent Hill during the show I don't know if that would be as effective so
Alright, going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Some people guessing the songs we were playing during the break Now for you folks listening on the podcast Obviously you can't hear the copyrighted songs we played during break But tonight for the live participants I promised some obscure stuff Because I didn't want to just play like Mega Man and Zelda And all the stuff you guys know But I did some slightly obscure stuff tonight And for those playing at home Like if you're not in chat but you are listening live You had Terranigma, started that off
The middle song nobody got, that's because it was from Cold Sept.
That was that card battle game meets Monopoly.
I should have noticed that because I remember you playing that game.
Yeah, I'm like the one guy that liked that game.
And then the third song that we played tonight was from Intelligent Cube or IQ.
Remember that on the PlayStation 1?
There you go.
Those are the songs we had there.
And I was looking at the chatroom.
Props to Orange Wright.
I'll say your name on air because he's the only one that knew two of the three, which is a pretty good score.
I didn't see anybody else really shout things out there.
Let's see.
Also in the chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, before we get back into the news here, Akuma JP says, I have a request for Sky.
Please do the Cookie Monster voice.
And I'm like, when did I do a Cookie Monster voice?
You've done the Grover voice.
I've done Grover.
Near, far.
Near?
Like that whole thing.
I've done the Grover voice, but then I'm like, what do I say is Cookie Monster?
And Akuma JP says, I don't know.
Porn, porn, porn.
And I'm thinking, is he thinking of that song?
The internet is for porn.
Like, is he thinking of that one?
That's not really Cookie Monster.
That's the ripoff Avenue Q style thing.
I don't know.
I'm still mad I missed that when it was in town.
I know.
It'll come back.
You know what they have at our local theater down in Folsom right now?
They have the stage production of Evil Dead the musical.
Oh, nice.
With the splash zone.
I'm like,
Dude, that's awesome!
Neither were the picture show.
I think they're both based on the play.
The first one was like on the Commodore 64 and Apple IIe.
It was kind of like an adventure game where you walk around.
I think you're trying to find like the transducer or something you can play as Brad or Janet.
It's not good.
It's really not good.
Like there's a reason why most people don't remember.
They should have...
Telltale Games should do an adventure game based on that.
Wouldn't that be something?
Well, in the 90s, the late 90s, there was a revival of Rocky Horror Show in London.
Yes.
And they did a CD-ROM game inspired by the 80s classic that went with that.
And it also wasn't very good because it was inspired by the 80s classic, which in turn, not good.
The one with the blonde Frank.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because not everybody wants to look like Tim Curry necessarily.
For the record, before I forget, coming up in a couple of weeks at my college, there's going to be another production of the Rocky Horror Show.
Oh, really?
It's a touring production.
Oh, nice.
I'll get the info for you.
I sent you the hairspray one.
This is the time.
If you're going to time warp, now's the time to do it.
I did also send you one for hairspray.
I do remember seeing that.
They're putting it on.
That's right.
I know how you love John Waters things.
Alright, I do love John Waters things, but let's be real, they're never going to do Pink Flamingos live unless it involves... That would be great!
Unless it involves drag queens, which then anything goes, right?
Maybe we can write to Peaches Christ.
Alright, maybe.
I'm sure she's done some John Waters movies.
But anyway, this is not a show about John Waters films as badly as I wish it was sometimes.
The Consumer Version of the Oculus Rift
Still no firm date on that yet, but it's supposed to be out sometime next year.
One of the other things they're looking at is maybe in the future also switching those displays that are inside of it to 4K displays.
So that would probably look pretty realistic, especially for some PC games.
So that's pretty exciting.
Anyways, there's a brand new game from one of the designers that used to work at Harmonix.
and it's kind of silly it's actually this indie studio called No Goblin and they have a game called Roundabout and Roundabout is basically this limo driving game where you're a chauffeur of a limo and you have to get through busy streets but the limo is always spinning and so you have to dodge traffic you do run over a lot of people to do different things like deliver kittens to orphans or you know run over the orphans on the way
Why am I reminded of that?
The kittens are safe.
Why am I reminded of that No Breaks Valet game?
It's sort of... The only thing to play on the Ouya.
It's sort of like an evolution.
Yeah, of that.
Or a revolution, if you will.
It looks silly.
I don't know, I think that, yeah, it's due out next year Although they're taking pre-orders for it right now At $10 normally it's going to be $15 And that includes a digital art book and soundtrack And I guess it's like 70s themed as well It was set in 1977 It looks funny, so yeah Definitely check out that video if you haven't seen it yet
and uh last but not least there's a brand new Minecraft mod and it's involved or involving quantum physics it's uh called Qcraft and allows I guess players to do different things including like um they have different blocks with quantum entanglements um I guess they're saying that uh observer dependency characteristics see this is all stuff that's over my head um
Cool.
I don't really know what exactly that means since I'm not really into quantum physics, but I like Minecraft mods, so let's dabble with that.
Alright.
Why not?
Minecraft will be one of the launch games on PlayStation 4, right?
Yeah, that is kind of neat.
So quantum physics in PlayStation 4, maybe?
All right.
Let's go on to some other news stories.
Pokemon X and Y I talked about earlier in the show, my first couple hours in that world.
Well, some people already beat the game, Shane, if you're out there listening, and others.
I think Actdeft was saying he was on the Final Four.
Before it came out, though.
DarkSakura.com
4 million copies of Pokemon X and Y it's just these games print money there they go and yeah they say by the way that Pokemon X and Y tracking ahead of Pokemon White 2 and Black 2 by more than 70% well that's because White 2 and Black 2 were obvious cash-ins this at least is a little more you know effort of a cash-in let's be real
Alright, other stuff.
I love that they are still making DLC for LittleBigPlanet and LittleBigPlanet is getting DLC in the form of Nightmare Before Christmas because it is that time of year and lots of people love this game and it's adorable.
The little sack boy and the Jack Skellington and the Sally outfit.
I single-handedly want to go back and play this game for this.
You don't even have to play LittleBigPlanet.
You can play LittleBigPlanet Cardian and still have that stuff in there too.
Nice.
Sack Skellington
Oh, shit.
All right.
One more.
So what is Sally called?
Saki?
I closed the tab because I stopped caring.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it anyway.
Okay.
Calm down.
Calm your tits.
Calm them.
All right.
DarkSakura is freaking out because we have another story.
This is two weeks in a row now we're talking about ColecoVision.
because last week we talked about that whole Kickstarter thing, and I kind of said my honest piece that I don't think they're going to make their funding, but prove me wrong.
Please do.
I would not be sad.
However, we have something else.
This is different.
This is a different retro device that's going to bring back the ColecoVision.
It's a retro hardware company called AtGames, and they're going to be launching these devices that are based on the ColecoVision.
They already make Atari and Sega Genesis-based handhelds, so I'm assuming these are those –
Shitty little plug-and-play things you see just littering one of the aisles at Target, right?
So soon you're going to have a shitty little ColecoVision thing too, but it won't be shitty because it's ColecoVision.
I love my Clicovision, Rob.
Both of them.
Under the menorah.
Yeah, there's a menorah on top of a Klikovision.
Isn't that where you put the gifts?
That's how it works, right?
Where else are they supposed to go?
No, no.
You have the Hanukkah bush.
The guilt goes in my belly.
You know what though?
It is kind of funny that Hanukkah is the same week that Thanksgiving is.
So I'm going to make sweet potato pumpkin latkes.
Oh my god, Hanukkah is that early this year?
I know.
It's because, see they don't believe in solar calendars in Judaism.
Back in ancient Israel, we had the moon.
Stop complicating everything.
You know what?
I didn't invent the lunar calendar.
You guys are just high maintenance.
That's what it really is.
You're just high maintenance.
DarkSakura.com
All the damn e-mails
So anyway, they are over 600,000 supporters to have a PC version released.
And they have generated, as far as the sales of the game goes, like over a billion, what was it, in three days?
So yeah, it's made quite a bit of money.
So there are also sources in the industry saying that there should be a PC version out early 2014.
There are.
I was going to say, they're already making a PC version.
They just haven't announced it yet because why would they cannibalize the sales of the current versions?
Because people like to jump on bandwagons, especially if they know it's going to happen.
Who doesn't like to come back and say, I was right.
I totally called that.
You guys, I totally called that.
How about all of us who said we totally called it without signing a fucking petition?
They're going to make Grand Theft Auto 6, you guys.
I fucking called it here on OLR.
also if you happen to pre-order Zelda A Link Between Worlds you get a musical chest it comes in a nice big box now granted this is just for the US this is buying the bundle version the 3DS XL that comes with the game it has a golden Triforce cover and A Link Between Worlds loaded on the console and
and this was already linked from a GameStop Black Friday ad.
So as far as any type of European release, Game actually did confirm that they're getting the musical treasure chest as a pre-order bonus.
So all of our friends in the UK, you're not screwed this time.
And, well, I don't know if I'm happy or sad, Rob.
Well, you're always happy to be in my presence.
I know that.
You know what?
We have a little bit more news about the Mass Effect franchise that will have a brand new story completely unrelated to Shepard or the crew or any of them.
So basically, Bioware wants to take it in a new direction.
And they have said, again, doesn't necessarily relate to the Shepard events whatsoever.
But it has to be Mass Effect Universe.
It's not just a spin-off.
It has to be a part of the series.
So... But they said something similar six months ago, and we all grew to accept it then, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know how I feel because, you know, I used to, back in the day, I used to want a Mass Effect MMO.
I thought it would be fantastic to play in that universe, to go around and hang out on the different worlds and do stuff.
And maybe if it was something kind of...
Kind of more like that where it wasn't just all the human-centric bullshit that was, you know, Mass Effect 3.
Then I would be completely okay with that.
But at this point, I don't necessarily trust what Bioware is going to do.
So I'm probably still going to buy it because I'm a whore.
I don't know.
All right.
I'm still looking forward to it because, you know, it's Mass Effect and it'll be great.
You know what I want?
Turian's the game.
Queen Simia is in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com and says still needs Turians and Krogan.
Alan Alchemy says it can't be a sequel that takes place in the same universe unless it's literally thousands of years later because otherwise they'll have to pick a canon ending between the red, blue, green horse shit and that would be bad.
Well, they did pick a canon ending for part two, didn't they?
You wouldn't have had a three if they went with a bad ending in two.
Everyone dies!
Oh my god, have you watched that?
Oh yeah, it's great.
It's hilarious.
I mean, it's sad, but it's hilarious.
The YouTube of the Mass Effect 2 bad ending or whatever, which is the everybody dies ending.
OMG spoilers for a four-year-old game.
Whatever.
They have the Shepard.
The thing that makes that video funny is they have like the ugliest Shepard possible.
At least the one I saw.
Have you seen the ones that have hacked it to give Shepard Garrus' skeleton?
Yes, that was creepy.
There's another one that did that to give Jacob Garrus' skeleton and he's just got this huge mouth.
It's so fucking weird.
And yeah, Reginator asks, so no more Garrus.
They won't Garrus all the things?
I won't Garrus all the things.
Does this make DarkSakura a sad panda?
DarkSakura's kind of getting over some of her attachment in the fandom, so...
and also speaking of herself in the third person so at this point I would actually like a new series that has characters that I'm attached to but not like singularly attached to.
I would like to be able to explore more options instead of having just the one freaking awesome option.
I'm sorry I wasn't into Lizardman.
Alright, are we ready to get to the foogle question of the week?
I sure hope so because it's about that time.
You take Facebook, you take Google+, you slam those words together, you get Fugle.
It's the Fugle Question of the Week, where we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
And starting on Facebook tonight with some of these answers to this question.
Two words.
Cookie clicker.
Have you heard of it?
Do you know the cookie clicker, DarkSakura?
No.
You click, and it gives you cookies.
I want cookies for real.
You hire Grandma to make cookies for you.
No.
And then you get cookie cloners.
I don't... La, la, la, la, don't wanna...
All right.
Well, anyhow, Cookie Clicker is a free-to-play web game that has been found to be pretty addicting for some, and it's inspired parodies.
Like, I don't know if you saw, but there's a Clicking Bad, which is it replaces Cookie Clickers with Breaking Bad references.
So you're cooking meth, and you get, like, RVs and abandoned trailers and all this, and bathtubs.
Anyway, so there's all these parodies of Cookie Clicker.
And if you've been listening to Horde House at all, we've talked extensively about Cookie Clicker, and I'll just leave it at that.
Anyhow, do you have a free-to-play web game that maybe you're embarrassed or proud to admit you've spent way too much time?
What is the game?
And share the link with the rest of our listeners.
If you want links to these games, check out our Facebook and our Google Plus page.
So here we go.
Unfolded Raptor says...
Thanks for watching!
Our good buddy from Koopa Club, Renee, says, There are a few free-to-play games I've enjoyed over the years, but the best one being The Kingdom of Loathing.
Simple interface, much like Clicking Bad, but totally aloof and lighthearted fantasy story, especially when you can be a pasta-mancer or a saucer-roar, and it's been running for 10 years.
Even I played The Kingdom of Loathing for a hot minute.
I think a lot of people have checked this game out, and it's a fun one.
I haven't.
Oh, you should check it out.
I think you'd have fun.
Maybe.
All right.
Degenerate Johnny says, I'm actually proud to say that I play My Vegas Slots on Facebook.
It's a game in which you play slot games and table games in order to earn points that can be spent on real Vegas rewards, like a drink at the Mirage or complimentary rooms at the MGM Grand.
P.S.
I'm at 10 million cookies on the Cookie Clicker mobile app.
You're welcome, Rob.
I got to 15 million.
Suck it!
Codeman says, well, it's a web-based and mobile game, Robot Unicorn Attack.
Oh, God.
Love it!
Love it!
This game is beyond addicting, and after Robot Unicorn Attack 2 was released, they added a feature where you gain levels, unlock new abilities, and you can customize your unicorn.
Plus online PvP matches.
I didn't know they put PvP in the game.
Oh my god.
That's awesome.
And now that song is stuck in my head.
Freaking erasure.
Always I wanna be Well, in Robot Unicorn Attack 2, you can play the never-ending story.
They have like DLC and you can do the never-ending story.
You know what?
As awesome as that sounds, it has to always be erasure every time.
It does.
It really does.
Have you played Robot Unicorn Attack?
What?
Of course I have.
Okay.
How good are you at it?
Pretty good.
Okay.
I need to read the rest of the Fugle answers here to this song here.
Okay.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Critical Myth says, At one point there was a Spartacus clicky game on Facebook I was fairly addicted to, and I was playing a game called Equilibrium on my Vita for weeks earlier this year.
Ragenator says, To be honest, I never got into the free-to-play web game scene.
WONK WONK WONK WONK
and for the longest time would have scoffed at the idea of PC gaming.
It wasn't until the theft last year of my original laptop, my PS3 and TV that I got into PC gaming, albeit begrudgingly if only because I couldn't afford to replace my TV and PS3.
Now I thoroughly enjoy PC gaming.
Well Ragenator, go check out some of these links people are leaving and you can fill up your PC with crap.
Austin S says, oh, and I'm sure we've all played this one, being music game fans we are, FFR, Flash Flash Revolution.
It was a web-based step mania game.
I used to play it a lot back in the day, but it's dated now.
Fair enough.
Alright, let's go on to Google+.
We have a couple answers there.
Actdeft says, mostly Facebook games.
I used to play them a lot, but I eventually got tired of them, like Songpop or even You Don't Know Jack.
I do play the occasional Bejeweled Bluets and Tetris Friends there, though.
And lastly, Redertainment says, yes, The Sims on Facebook.
I never spent a cent on it and got really far in it until I got a girlfriend and started having sex in the game.
Then I got oddly disinterested.
Weird.
I also started playing The Sims FreePlay on my iPad until I found out I couldn't play it at work because I wasn't connected to the internet.
That's stupid.
The game is downloaded on my iPad and the file size is mighty large.
Why can't my save be on the iPad as well?
I guess because it's harder to take your money if you're not connected to the internet.
Alright.
Bye Erasure.
I'll miss you.
You totally should use this every time for the segment now.
Cookie Clicker is definitely mine.
They have an iPhone.
It's not official, though.
It's a follow-up to Horde House.
The iPhone one is Cookie Clickers, and it's a knockoff game.
It's still pretty good, but it's not official.
There is an official one in the making, just to say.
I can't remember really the last free one that I did.
Because remember when I got my iCade?
I kind of went on a purchasing spree, which I probably shouldn't have done.
Oops.
Yeah, all the ones that I actually still have on my phone are...
are ones I paid for.
I mean, I'm actually looking at my folder now.
Yeah.
I have Robot Unicorn.
I played for that.
Duke Big, I paid for that.
Droplets, I paid for that.
Yeah, everything on here I paid for.
So, no, nothing free.
Loki, what about you?
I don't think there's really been anything that I've played for free aside from that time when I was doing the whole Ready Player One thing where I had to play that really shitty garage sale game on Facebook.
Oh, God.
But I didn't necessarily want to play that.
What ever happened?
Did that guy really win that DeLorean or whatever?
Yeah, he did.
There was a guy that won the DeLorean because he got the world record in Joust, I think, on the 2600.
Wow.
All right.
Grats to him, I guess.
All right.
More stories coming your way up now.
Loki.
Yeah.
No DeLorean for me.
That's right.
It probably would have been more.
You wouldn't have wanted to pay the taxes on it.
Well, the taxes and then on top of that, servicing the thing.
The only service center that does DeLoreans, at least around here, is in L.A.
So that wouldn't be very convenient.
Yeah.
Um, okay, so let's talk a little bit about the PlayStation 4.
Hey, you want to check out a PlayStation 4?
Well, there's going to be some demo kiosks coming soon to, uh, Sony stores, GameStop, Target, Walmart, and Best Buy.
And, uh, they have a website that you can actually go to to see where they are at.
If you go to, it's the experienceplaystation.com.
and you put in your zip code and they'll show you a map with all the different stores that are you know supplying it and we have none there is absolutely none in our area so I noticed Best Buy is making a lot of room for both the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox although on the whole
on the whole it seems like Best Buy has really scaled back their gaming sections I guess in favor of other stuff and some of the things we've been hearing about the company you know on CNN or other news sites.
Go where the margins are bigger because gaming isn't it that's for sure I guess so so yeah and then it's a little I don't understand this to be honest and this is basically you can pre-order digital downloads of PlayStation 4 launch titles
look if you're willing to give them your credit card they'll take it on the PlayStation 3 and guess what you get for doing that no discount so why the fuck would you do that because you want to be able to play that shit day one even though if you're gonna have to go and download it anyways or go and pick up your PlayStation 4 somewhere unless Amazon's bringing it to you
Let's put it this way.
Yeah, I know you can partially download the game and then you can start playing it once you've downloaded the game, but the thing is, these downloads are fucking huge.
Remember, we mentioned on a couple shows back they had this NBA Ultimate Fan Pack or Super Fan Pack or something like that.
It's basically digital versions of the current gen and next gen versions of the game.
The next gen versions of the game were like 60 gigabytes to download.
I'm sorry, but there's...
Why would you want to do that?
Just go to retail and buy the game.
Yeah, you may have to pay taxes on it, but just go buy it.
Or, hey, here's a wonderful idea.
Maybe wait until Black Friday and see if they discount that shit.
Might be something.
I don't know, there's just no reason I can see to pre-order a game unless you get something.
I mean, because so far they haven't really said anything.
It says, I guess, the only game that you can pre-order that seems like you get something for is Warframe, which is free, so I don't understand that at all, but it's free and I guess you get some in-game money and exclusive weapon skins.
So sure, why not?
Go pre-order that if you're going to get a PlayStation 4 in case you want to play it because it's free.
But as far as Knack and Killzone or something like that, unless they're charging me like $53.99 or some sort of discount there, I just don't see a reason to pre-order anything for a digital download.
I mean...
Fuck, if you want to do a digital download and you decide that you want to do that, do it at launch day.
Make that decision on launch day, not necessarily... Well, it just goes back to that old thing we were talking about way back when the Xbox One was rumored to have all these restrictions.
It's like, what's the benefit of going digital?
It's not like they're not going to have a digital copy for you.
It's not like they're going to sell out digital copies of a game.
I mean, it just doesn't make any sense.
They just want a really easy way for you to hit the button and they can charge the card and make another sale.
Really easy.
That's what this is all about.
Nothing more.
I think you're thinking too much about it, Loki.
Alright, well, this game fell off our radar years ago and the last time we were talking about this video game, I think we were exclusively a show about music-based video games.
This game was being developed for an arcade release in 2005.
I don't know if you guys remember when we were talking about a game called Neon FM.
Remember this?
Because it had like freeze pop and it had some really other like kind of questionably good songs in it.
Well, it's been a long time, obviously, and this game has kind of reinvented itself a little bit because Unit E is the group now that's putting this arcade cabinet out.
I think I heard a rumor once that at one point Betson, who ended up doing the DDR cabinets years later, was going to do this game and they didn't.
So now Unity is doing this.
and it's no longer a dance game that's the other big change it is now a I guess to me it would strike me more as like poppin music because it's got the big circular pads that you hit yeah it was originally supposed to be played the same way except the dance pad would look like what that pad looks like right there it was like three on the bottom two on the top it wasn't like your typical DDR dance it was like beatmania with your feet yeah feetmania right
So yeah, so Neon FM is apparently now like a thing.
There's video out there.
You can see it on YouTube and so forth.
But is Girls Butts in it?
And it is, because I can see that in the screenshot.
Apparently it is.
Apparently it is.
This song is so awful.
That song is horrible, but I think by now it probably gets the joke vote, right?
No, it's still awful.
So apparently it is still on target for release this year to show up in arcades.
That is if you still have an arcade near you that contains games that don't shoot out tickets.
I will say the cabinet does look nice.
I hope this does show up in an arcade.
Giant Tetris Giant Tetris
But Neon FM, no word if Neon FM will shoot out tickets.
I don't believe it does.
But that's all they had to do.
If they wanted to make this game super popular, just put a little ticket dispenser in it.
And the better you do on a song, the more tickets you get.
Yeah.
Well, being that it's based off Step Mania, they could probably do that.
Or if you play that horrible girl's butt songs, it'll actually take your tickets.
as like a penalty.
If you play the girl's butts, then you get like kicked in the crotch.
I would laugh.
A boot comes out.
I would really laugh if they had like a game like that where the tickets would go in and out depending on how well you did.
I guess it would get all fucked up though because, you know, if you tore it off and then it goes back in.
Well, they should be in like a glass case that you can't get into until the very end where it cuts it or something.
Like, it should be like, look, I'm going to give you all these.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to give you all these.
No, I'm not.
What?
Have you ever worked at an arcade?
Of course not.
I did.
Why would I subject myself to that bullshit?
Two of my first jobs involved arcade games, and I know for a damn fact someone would figure out how to get in there.
My minimum wage job, I already told you, my minimum wage job was I worked at a video store and we rented porn, and that was awesome.
Anyhow.
Well...
Whatever.
Whatever.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us for the news?
I have some shit.
No.
Blizzard has once again changed the name of what was Blizzard All-Stars and is now Heroes of the Storm.
I don't know why the fuck they're calling it that.
But yeah, they even are quoted saying, yep, we changed it again.
So basically, they've also said, set aside whatever you think you knew about Blizzard All-Stars.
And it's supposed to be, more about it will be revealed at BlizzCon November 8th and 9th.
And there apparently is a trailer online, so look for it.
I kind of am like, whatever.
Although, I have to say that the picture on here of the, um, whoever the, uh, orc is, why am I saying orc, uh, whatever the fuck they're called.
God, I played World of Warcraft for how long?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It opens it up to a bigger audience too because they're going to have to compete against all these other MOBAs that are already out there.
But I think it's going to be interesting because I think the Heroes of the Storm or whatever has the potential to draw in a whole new audience to this with their built-in Warcraft audience and the people that are running the Hearthstone and all this.
I think it's going to be very interesting to see how that –
So...
and Sucking.
It's interesting that they're going to kind of have their own answer to League of Legends now.
By the way, can I ask you about something?
Not to go on a Horde House tangent, but I'd love to know what you think.
Okay.
What did you think about the Siege of Orgrimmar ending?
I like that it was different if you were Alliance or Horde but here's the thing I hate to keep comparing it but I can't help myself like times have changed right like it's cool that you get a two and a half minute cinematic or whatever than when you beat the game but over in Final Fantasy 14 like that ending was seriously like 15 minutes long and it was very satisfying and it was just I don't know like it kind of just made the Warcraft endings look a little bit like oh that's all you get for putting up with all the abuse you take in LFR
But as far as what went down story-wise, that was kind of obvious.
Well, I mean, we knew who was going down, but I was actually a little bit surprised at who took over.
I wasn't at all.
But I was actually a little bit more surprised with Douchebag, with Varian.
So that was a little bit more what surprised me.
Well, I was also a little bit surprised that Jaina was so bloodthirsty in the ending, too.
Because they're really trying to make her the Alliance answer to Sylvanas.
They're really trying to do that.
It just doesn't suit the character.
I mean, it didn't surprise me given, you know, having your whole town blown up.
But at the same time, it just seemed out of character for her.
Anyway.
Okay.
Too much wow.
No, no, no.
I wanted to ask because... That's fair.
It's a video game.
It is a video game.
We can talk about it.
You don't like it, email us, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com Stop talking about that stupid game.
Alright, Loki.
So Ubisoft has adjusted their financials and basically have deemed Splinter Cell Blacklist and Rayman Legends underperformers.
They said, you know, we've had games that were released for which we anticipate today lower sales than we anticipated when we first gave our targets.
and already released games, of course, such as Splinter Cell and Rayman and others.
You know, it also probably doesn't help, too, that, as we mentioned earlier, they delayed Watch Dogs and The Crew.
So, I don't know.
What could they have done better?
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know maybe it's just I know the reviews weren't that fantastic for Blacklist Rayman Legends look good but I guess a lot of people you know it would have been a better February title I think I think people saw right through what they did with Rayman Legends I think
It's not that, like, pissing off the Nintendo fanboys had that big an impact, but I think a lot of people saw, right, the people that would tend to buy games on day one see right through the fact that it was a Wii U game that was backed into the parking spot of a 360 PlayStation 3.
And even now, with the Wii U version coming out in September versus February, that's still a lot more months in between there and systems being sold that there's potential buyers.
I mean, they kind of had to do that.
That was the logical way to do it.
They should have released the Wii U game the way they'd always planned, and then they should have released the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 version later and called it a Gold Edition or an Enhanced.
Make it feel like an Enhanced version, not a scaled-back version.
Maybe, or maybe just Nintendo wasn't giving them any money to make it exclusive, and so there was no incentive to do that.
Maybe if they threw a little bit of money their way, then they could have had another good exclusive title.
I don't think these games are necessarily damned, though, because it's going to have staying power throughout the holidays.
Again, I said the people who will buy it on day one may be able to see right through it, but you're still going to have... It's a very family-accessible, family-friendly title.
I think Rayman does very well.
Parents aren't afraid to buy that for their younger kids.
So I think that title can still tend to do well throughout the holidays.
I don't know.
I got to be honest.
When I hear a story like this, I think about just a few months ago, we heard that Square Enix story about the guy getting up there saying Tomb Raider underperformed.
And we were all sitting here going, are you high?
Tomb Raider was like the best that they've done in that series in a very long time.
It's a little different, you know, because with like Splinter Cell, that was the number four game of the month in August.
They're Madden, Saints Row 4, and Disney Infinity beating it out.
Um, I mean, there's not a whole lot of other games besides those, you know, in the month, uh, versus Tomb Raider, which is like one of the top selling games of the month.
I think it was like one or two, you know, cause Bioshock Infinite came out that same month.
So it's hard to tell.
I don't think it outsold Bioshock Infinite, but it was definitely popular.
Um,
so I could see the demand there for Tomb Raider and stuff but I'm not seeing a lot of people saying oh I need copies of Splinter Cell because it's sold out Tomb Raider was like oh I need more Tomb Raider but I don't know we'll see maybe they still have Rainbow Six Patriots supposed to be coming out at some point you know and um
Sasson's Creed
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Here's the thing about the game.
Yoshi's Cookie wasn't developed by Nintendo.
It was developed by Bulletproof Software.
Bulletproof made the Tetris port for the Game Boy in 1989, which was huge.
So that's why Nintendo trusted them with the Yoshi stuff.
But expired licenses being as they are, the game is no longer available for sale.
This is not the first game to be delisted for similar reasons.
Konami's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, no longer available.
Irem did a version of R-Type that was on the Virtual Console, no longer there.
The Donkey Kong Country Trilogy, also no longer there.
So if you didn't get this game, I guess you'll have to go steal it from a ROM.
Or go find it at a garage sale.
Good luck to you.
I guess I could lend it to somebody.
Do you have the Super Nintendo version?
Because I like the Super Nintendo version.
I don't believe I do actually.
I might have to check.
I mean, at this point, I don't know what I have.
After playing the Super Nintendo version, the NES version felt kind of gimped.
You know, as sometimes happens.
There were a few titles like that that were on both platforms.
But anyway, it's not like it was that good of a puzzler.
It was just kind of fun.
It had a good versus mode in it.
Alright, it is that time of the week where we go to the mailbag where you guys email us because every week you do email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com Again, our email is Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com DarkSakura's going to dive into the email bag head first and pull out, oh, an email or two or seven that she feels like reading tonight.
DarkSakura!
Mail!
Well, thanks.
Well, FlaccoJones sent us an email that has a YouTube link in it.
Hey OLR, since Mark Hamill has retired from doing the Joker voice, I wanted to know what you thought of Troy Baker taking over the role for the new Batman Arkham game.
I had my doubts until I heard a sample reading from The Killing Joke.
I've heard it, it's awesome.
Actually, I remember hearing about this, but I didn't hear the actual voice.
So, courtesy of Flaco Jones... Memories can be vile.
Perfect.
Repulsive little brutes like children, I suppose.
But can we live without them?
Memories are what our reason is based upon.
If we can't face them, we deny reason itself.
Okay.
He gets a pass.
That's good.
I like that.
Bioshock Infinite, Saints Row
either.
What would you have played that he was in?
I'm trying to think because he's done a ton of anime.
Hold on.
Which I don't really watch dubbed anime.
Is he 13?
Snow?
He was Snow in 13?
Oh.
Kid Icarus Uprising you mentioned you played?
Yeah.
He's in that.
Metal Gear Solid.
He was in Yu Yu Hakusho.
He's Ocelot in 5.
Okay, so he was Hawkeye.
Hmm.
which I have watched because of Jennifer Hale.
Oh, and he's James in Silent Hill 2.
Oh, but only in the HD version, I think.
Oh, then yeah, which I didn't play either.
Oh, well, anyhow.
Moving on.
Yeah, well, no, he was Robin in Arkham City and Two-Face.
So I knew he had been in another of the games before.
GameGuru in chat says, wait, that wasn't Mark Hamill?
Nope, nope, that was Troy Baker.
Good job.
Yeah, I mean, I'd have to say that's pretty good if, you know, you can actually get him confused with Mark Hamill, so... Anyway, moving on, this comes from...
Brian.
And I did see Shane say that he's sung with Akira Yamaoka's band.
Okay.
Hi, OLR.
I'm disappointed with current gen Star Trek games.
Star Trek Legacy was released on 360 in 06.
It took the franchise seven more years to release a Star Trek game.
Overall, the franchise has released low quality games for current gen consoles.
Do you see a future for Star Trek games in the next gen consoles?
Thanks.
Well, Brian, I don't think so.
I mean...
If they do anything, it's going to definitely be like a movie tie-in, I think.
Well, the last movie tie-in was pretty terrible, too.
That's the problem.
There's nothing to make the games really on right now unless they go back and do a new Next Generation game, which would be awesome.
They do have the Star Trek Next Generation pinball table in Pinball Arcade, just random tangent, because when I saw that, I got giddy.
I will say this, though.
One thing that email left out, and I don't know if that's just because this person is very console-focused, but you neglected Star Trek Online.
I mean, it's free to play.
It's worth a look.
I don't think it's bad, especially if you're a Star Trek fan.
I think it's worth checking out.
And I have to say that they did actually retool the skill system that I kind of got pissed off when they changed it the first time.
It's a lot more manageable now.
Space battles are still kind of, you know, you have to ease into it from beginning to Admiral for you to finally get... And they got rid of Rear Admiral as a rank, I'm just saying.
But it was... Star Trek Online was really good.
I liked it.
I mean, really all I did was hang out at Deep Space Nine and play Dabo.
Dabo with Lita.
So...
So there's that.
I mean, but unfortunately the reality is without that stuff to tie into and the fact that the video games unfortunately have been tanking, like it doesn't look good, which pains me because I love me some Trek and I would love to see like a really good video game happen.
And it's kind of irritating that that last one was such a stinker.
Actually, going back to Star Trek Online, I do suggest if this person has not played it to do so, because no matter which era of Star Trek you liked, and yeah, I really did not like Enterprise, but there are enough nods to the, even TOS characters show up.
Like, you actually do a time travel one and meet, you know, McCoy, and actually the model looks pretty much like he did.
So, I mean, it's really, really fun, I think.
Yeah.
If you like Star Trek, it's got enough nods that I think it would keep you interested.
Nice.
So, back to the email.
We have a kind of long one, but not terribly long, so I'll read it.
Hello there, OLR.
Hi.
I always feel the need to say hi back.
I'm friendly.
Yeah, you're friendly.
You're so friendly.
Well, last week I had a very, very unfortunate thing happen to me when looking for alternative digital distribution network.
Now, you guys know I'm not big on DRM, so I was really happy that GamersGate.com had a selection of DRM-free titles.
I bought a couple only to find out that the games weren't all they seemed.
Wait, who is this?
Because they say we make some assumptions about them in advance.
We're all still UT.
Ah, I see.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, instead of giving me a full installer, I got very small files that pulled temporary files from the internet for installation.
As I would find out after perusing the site, you're not able to get full proper installers, even if you keep the temp files.
You can't install your game without an internet connection.
Needless to say, I was angry.
I shot off an email to GamersGate asking for a remedy for this issue.
Only be told, point blank, they only called them DRM-free because there were no serial numbers.
The person who emailed me back even had the gall to say that Steam and Origin weren't DRM and that theirs was an industry standard, despite my never having seen something like this before.
For the record, the Steam versions, you do get the full games downloaded, so that is a point.
I demanded my money back, but they refused to budge.
So now I'm left sending you an email and hoping to steer anyone else away from there.
You know, you do have the Better Business Bureau.
You can file an official complaint.
Especially if you feel like what you got wasn't what was advertised.
I think, you know, you do have a legit basis for a complaint there.
Exactly.
Especially since you messaged them first to remedy it.
Because you have to have taken that step.
And I'm going to be real.
This is Orange Lounge Radio, not a TV network or something.
We're a small group here.
We love our audience.
We love the small following that we have.
But this wouldn't really make waves the way that I think you really want this company to own up to what they're selling.
But I appreciate the heads up, nonetheless.
Seriously, I don't care what your attitude is towards DRM.
It's unacceptable for a company to say that something is DRM-free when it really isn't.
It's the most disgusting, dishonest thing I have ever experienced, and I wholeheartedly recommend people stay the hell away from gamersgate.com.
After all, if they're lying about this, what else are they lying about?
However, this is not a tale of total loss.
I emailed Robert Boyd of Zboyd Games and told him what happened.
He immediately sent me a desk or a copy of the game that I had bought, and they were actually DRM-free.
Moral of the story, avoid Gamersgate and thumbs up to Zboyd.
Still waiting on a response from Valusoft, though.
Well, that's my story.
Hope I've steered a few people away from Gamersgate.
If I've helped someone, the money I lost was worth it.
Sincerely, Ross Till, UT.
Kind of interesting way he went about doing it.
The second half of that email where he says, I emailed the people that made the game and said, did you know this?
But what's interesting to me is that he kind of breezed by the fact that he got the Desura code.
So why not?
Is Desura now your option of choice?
Because I know a lot of people are using Desura as a Steam alternative.
And even I've used it because one of our listeners was kind enough to gift me a game, but it was on Desura.
So I've used it and it's fine.
So is Desura like your happy alternative now that you found?
I don't...
I don't know if I really heard that part of it.
But I will say this in the email, in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, Actdeft says, Gamersgate is a mess of a site.
I try not to buy from them.
So apparently, I've never heard of this site.
I have no opinion.
I can only go off what the listeners say.
And Ranma says to file a chargeback on your credit card.
Usually you want to do that as a last resort because that can come back to bite you.
I would say Better Business Bureau first.
Yes.
I do believe if I heard right, if you've done a chargeback, then the company themselves may actually file with a collection.
Right.
Which shows up on your credit report.
Right.
You've got to be careful with that stuff.
Yeah.
But no, I'd say... You don't want to burn your chargebacks because obviously the bank is going to take issue if you keep doing it.
I wouldn't want to burn it on something like this.
Use a chargeback when you really want to fuck somebody over.
My suggestion is have copies of all of the emails you've sent plus the responses dated.
Make sure they're date stamped and use those with your filing to the Better Business Bureau.
You know I got a free hamburger doing that once?
I got a free meal from this place.
And they didn't give you fries, the cheap bastards?
No, no, no.
I got sweet potato fries.
I got a whole meal.
Nice.
And they actually... We actually got to see them make the meal.
A free voucher for a meal for two.
Because I complained about the Strata place that's on Watt Avenue.
I used to work next door to them, so... Oh, I don't even know that place at all.
It's attached to like a Days Inn or something, but... Oh.
But it's a nice restaurant attached to a crappy hotel.
Huh.
But anyway, yeah, I can say for a fact that I've actually gotten something out of filing Better Business Bureau complaints, so.
And it was a pretty damn good hamburger, too.
That is a tasty burger.
Maybe Gamersgate will send you a hamburger.
We'll cross our fingers and our toes.
and then share with us.
Okay.
Last email, okay.
Hi, OLR.
It's Reginator.
Again.
I just had a question about computer OSs.
Currently, I'm on my laptop.
No, currently on my laptop, I have Windows 7 Home Premium installed, which overall I'm happy with.
Now, the trouble is I am a supporter of Zune Xbox Video.
In order for me to continue buying content for it, either I have to replace my 360 that I sold off two years ago or upgrade to Windows 8.
Now the question is, is it possible to finagle things so I can keep Windows 7 and use Windows 8?
I don't know, like put Windows 8 on a USB drive or something?
How would I do that?
I never once did anything on a computer regarding an OS and I hate to either brick my PC, lose Windows 7, etc.
Thanks in advance.
I will tell you this, that Windows OS in both cases are very extraneous with the other stuff that they install with it.
Depending on how big your hard drive is, you could probably partition
Yeah, that's probably going to have to be the way you do it because you can dual boot your system, but I don't know why you'd really want to do that.
If you want to go to Windows 8, then just go to Windows 8.
You know, if you need to see the new movies, which I think is kind of a dick move on Microsoft's part.
I don't want to go to Windows 8, but I know that when I rebuild my computer, I'm basically going to put Windows 7 on it no matter what it comes with.
well don't forget 8.1 is out now I haven't used that myself there's stuff that make it like a lot more usable like you know so it's more like 7 and Windows 8 overall is more stable than Windows 7 it's just all the crap that they throw in the front there that you have to dig through and stuff's kind of moved around see at this point I'm ready just to go back to Linux Mint and Runwine for my other programs I mean they've now got most of the game drivers and everything compatible with Linux
Comments from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Ranma says, you don't need to upgrade to 8.
SGO100Matt says, dual boot if you want, but there's no need for 8.
Brad from PodCulture says, just go to 8.
It runs everything from 7 just fine.
And then Bobby Blackwolf says, this is a tech support question, not a podcast email question.
Well, I'm wondering, because he said the USB boot thing.
I'm wondering if he didn't think of that, because we were talking about it with Linux a couple weeks ago.
I don't know that Windows 8 will live boot.
You can't do a Windows boot like that, I'm pretty sure, yeah.
Although I have done a USB installer for Windows for... Fuck, what was it called?
Netbook.
I have made an installer, so I don't know.
Is that it for emails?
Yeah, that's it.
All right.
Give DarkSakura more work next week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Send me a Ricola.
We need like essays.
No.
Ross, steal you tea.
I want five emails.
No.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right.
No, I want one.
All right.
One.
Let's get to the FUs.
Short one.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
FU to emails.
No.
Here's the part of the show where we get angsty.
Why?
Because we can.
Um, F you to all the people who are driving 10 miles under the speed limit.
And I mean, it was like 5 fucking people driving 30 in a 40.
And I was like, really people?
Don't you know what a speed limit is and how to, you know, use it?
Flow of traffic, hello.
And the, um...
and DarkSakura.com
How do you de-escalate a customer?
De-escalate a customer?
Well, if they're yelling and cursing at me, I give them a timeout.
It works.
Seriously.
We weren't allowed to hang up on people.
So if it was like, I want my payoff!
I'd be like, no, I'm sorry.
We need to have this conversation like civil adults, so I'm going to put you on hold for two minutes, let you calm down a little bit so we can come back and discuss this like adults.
You know what?
They'd either hang up on me or they would come back and be nice.
That'll get you a job.
You know what?
It works.
And the thing is, they can't complain about it because I did nothing uncivil.
She's got great attendance.
She's shown up to most of these shows.
Unless I was, like, dead sick.
No, I know it.
I even came here sick a few times.
Watch it.
All right, Loki.
F you to Wingstop because why does it take 30 minutes for you to make wings for us?
I mean, 30 minutes?
Seriously?
You fry the wings, you dip them in sauce.
Done.
Wastop is fucking good though.
They're not that great.
That's not an endorsement.
If I want food that will make me fat, that's what I want.
Because if I can go to KFC and get the wings dipped in sauce within the time that I order in the drive-thru and pull up to the window, it should not take 30 fucking minutes to cook wings.
I'm sorry.
Don't fry wings for 30 minutes.
Oh, and their fries fucking sucked.
They were soggy, stale, unsalted.
It was just like some crapped potato into a little cardboard tray and tried to pass it off as french fries.
It was just not good.
Ranma in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com suggesting buffalo wild wings.
Here we go, the food show again.
Orange Lounge Foodio.
Nelly wanted to try Wingstop.
Even though I've been there and said, listen, it sucks.
You know, we shouldn't go back.
Take her to Hooters next time.
Although I did get to try for the first time actually going inside and doing one of those Coke freestyle machines.
Those are pretty awesome.
She says, we should go in these for our home.
I'm like, yes, we should.
That's a project you should work on.
Building your own.
Oh yeah, that's expensive.
Dispense the Tehrani syrup.
Think about it.
Here's your turn in Loki.
I'm going to give an FU to iMessage because we all know they're already having some type of bug.
And I've been trying to text message during the show and I think iMessage has stopped working.
And I don't know what the hell is going on.
But then one of my other friends sent me a text and I got it fine.
I'm afraid I can't let you do that.
iMessage is my FU of the week.
And yes, I'm an Apple sheep and I have an iPhone, but I just want to text message people, okay?
You can't text message break up.
What?
Did you just quote a Kelly song over there?
I did.
Alright.
Just a couple more stories and then Twitter topics and the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
First, Loki.
All right, so there's a new Kickstarter for a new augmented reality glass thing.
It's done by some ex-Valve employees.
I guess they've reached their goal already, but they're doing their stretch goals.
What's kind of unique about it is it's these shutter glasses, and they actually have projectors, so it projects 3D images onto the environment.
The only thing, though, that seemed kind of weird, though, is, like, in the video and stuff, it just didn't seem like, I mean, if you're moving your head and stuff, wouldn't that projector, you know, the projection kind of change where it's at, unless it's updating really fast?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Interesting.
Don't know what the price point of it is.
Certainly I'm not going to back it because I don't need to spend money on this kind of crap.
But you kind of want to.
No, because it's not expected to come out for like a year.
A starter package is $189.
And you get a cast AR.
Oh, that's the weird thing about it.
You have to have this thing that it actually casts onto.
It's like a...
Looks like a fabric thing, almost like a green screen, but it's gray.
So it seems like a lot of hassle.
But hey, maybe if it's cheaper, then...
I don't know, the Oculus Rift it might be I think the Rift sounds more interesting because it's VR whereas this is augmented reality stuff and just I don't really care about AR stuff I remember trying to pull that shit off with the Vita and it sucked Remember the Vita with the AR?
It's like, oh, let me try this soccer game Wow, that's shit Okay, cool
Alright.
One more story for you guys.
I swear, it's like blast from OLR's past tonight, and I guess Jason kind of referenced that in the intro tonight.
It's kind of true, because we have one more story here tonight, and it's about one of our favorite DDR knockoffs they ever had.
Thanks for watching!
and B, it was the kind of thing that they would just take to Burning Man.
And that type of artsy stuff, that's what you expect to see at Burning Man, that weird stuff.
Also, there were some other festivals Dance Dance Himalayan went to, including the Fine Arts Festival, a Denmark thing called Smuckfest, which...
DDR for hipsters.
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know.
But anyway, the game was officially retired at Burning Man 2013, and then the display was ripped apart, and then in true Burning Man, what the fuck are they even doing anymore fashion?
And look, I have friends that go to Burning Man and love it and swear by it, and I'm not knocking it, but I'm just saying the randomness of some of this shit doesn't help the theories that everybody's on drugs there.
I'm just saying...
I'm just saying.
I've seen the hula hoop cams.
I'm just saying.
But anyhow, the way they destroyed it, what I meant to say is that they dropped a piano on it.
Actually, they dropped a piano on what was left.
And since I know DarkSakura is dying to see, here it is.
An old powder blue upright.
Yep, and then...
and all the people... I need to go to Burning Man, Rob.
It's just so fucking hard.
No.
No.
No.
I love you.
If you want to take drugs and run naked through the desert, I guess you can do that.
I love you, but sometimes little things make you pretty irritable and going to the desert...
for seven days.
I'd probably want to murder everybody.
Where you, like, I don't know where these people poop.
They have port-a-pots.
They have an RV.
I guess it's RVs or whatever.
They do have sanitation.
There's no such thing as money.
It's a barter system.
And just DarkSakura, I don't think you'd enjoy it.
In fact, I think you'd complain a little bit.
I probably wouldn't.
it's just every so often I want to go see some of this stuff in person and then you just reminded me no air conditioning fuck that shit I can't stand hot and I live in Sacramento what am I thinking well you're on drugs
and that's why I'm on the drugs that keep me from murdering people I'm on I just want to make it clear I'm just teasing I don't want to offend the people because I have friends that go to this and they have a great time and they always tell me I should go but I'm like my red-headed ass cannot handle seven days in the desert it's not gonna happen so I'll just what if you I will watch the YouTubes what if you went through the desert on a horse with no name
I don't even want to do this show anymore.
All right.
I'm just kidding.
Okay.
I do want to talk to you on Skype.
Maybe you'll have a better topic to talk about.
1-877-GAME-OLR Talk about Rob's redheaded ass.
Stop being weird.
Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word if you want to give us a call.
Bobby Blackwolf is in our chat room saying, I go to Dragon Con instead of Burning Man.
They're at the same time.
And you know what?
And that's, I think, my new drug of choice, too.
I did really love DragonCon this year.
I can't wait to go back.
And you know how I can poke fun at myself, too, because I said, you know, everyone's on drugs at Burning Man.
Well, at DragonCon, everybody's drunk.
Everybody's drunk at DragonCon.
And I say that as a proud DragonCon attendee.
Responsibly, we're responsibly drunk, but I'm just saying.
Rob, next year, fun of me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They love you.
They like Loki, too.
I mean, at this point, it'd have to be under some kind of media thing for me.
You are the one that tried to make Lolo gay.
Let's be real.
Look, I can't help it if Lala is really a cross-dresser.
No, I'm kidding.
I don't know if you are listening to these shows.
I don't shout them out enough here on the program because, unfortunately, we don't really have a shout-out segment.
But I do want to give a shout-out to folks like GameBooey.
Well, you know them very well, right?
Yeah.
Koopa Club.
I don't know if you're listening to them, but they're a lot of fun.
They're out of Chicago.
You would love them.
Chicago.
Video game realness.
Canadian.
Hilarious.
They kind of do what we do here, where they're all at one table in one room.
And they should send us some poutine.
He was bitching about soggy fries from Wingstop earlier.
I do not want FedExed poutine to show up in here.
There's actually a place in town you can get poutine.
Game Bar is another one.
District Club.
No, it's an actual restaurant, not a strip club.
Alright.
I do not need... Oh, Poutine.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're thinking of Poutine.
Shut up!
We did already have Kirby birth.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
You need to call us or it's going to be the poutine hour.
And Loki may not give you what you think that is with the poutine hour.
What?
Or we could go to Last Minute Stories, Loki, while we wait for some calls.
Sure, why not?
Let's talk about Grand Theft Auto V. It's number two in Japan after debuting.
What was number one, though?
I'm kind of curious.
Oh, Pokemon.
Hey, wait, number two's not bad.
But Nintendo's going bankrupt, y'all.
They are.
They're going to have to do something about it.
Yeah.
That's it?
That's all I got.
There were some stories on... The Xbox One also is not going to support third-party headsets at launch.
Not until 2014.
There were some stories on Zelda this week that we didn't get to, and I don't remember what they were off the top of my head.
Does it involve poutine?
Yes.
Yes.
because poutine is the national food of Hyrule if you do the dungeons in a certain order you can actually collect the gravy and the cheese curd power up and go to town we have pianos dropping on DDR machines to set people on fire what?
I just haven't done that in a while
Actdeft.com.
That is actually true.
SSJ100, Matt, you misspelled P-O-U-T-I-N-E, poutine and dongles.
Those are like two.
You know another word that makes me giggle like that?
Balls.
I'm turning DarkSakura's mic off.
Oh, thank God.
We're getting a call.
Thank the Lord.
Somebody's going to help us talk about something.
Maybe Canadian, maybe not.
I don't know.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Zappy.
Hey, Zappy, how you doing?
I officially endorse poutine.
What's that?
I officially endorse poutine.
Are you Canadian?
Yep, even though I come from French Canada, so it's really... I love poutine so much.
God damn it!
And I haven't had it since Louisiana.
All right, Zappy, have a great night.
No, I'm just kidding.
What did you call in to talk to us about tonight, Zappy?
Well, besides poutine, I was going to talk about me playing the Xbox One this week.
Why?
How did that happen?
Well, I just went to my local Best Buy and lo and behold, they just had like an Xbox One demo out.
I went into my local Best Buy and like I had to ask to get a copy of Pokemon Y. Like, may I buy a copy of Pokemon because I don't see it on the shelf.
I didn't see no Xbox Ones or PlayStations.
Apparently, they got their shit together in Canada.
You know why?
Everyone's happy because they're eating french fries smothered in gravy.
And cheese curds.
Well, I hate to break it to you, but they had no Pokemon.
Oh.
Sold out.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
We're moving to Canada tomorrow, by the way.
Wait, is that why you went there, Zappy, to get Pokemon and you ended up with Xbox One?
Well, I was going to go get the Pokemon from my boyfriend and no.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Well, how was Xbox One?
What did you play?
They had Forza 5.
Oh, okay, cool.
I'll say this, it's very pretty, but there's one thing that really has me concerned.
They had this demo unit that looked like a complete factory-finished Xbox, and the game was stuttering like no tomorrow.
Really?
It's because it's not actually, it's just the PC and the units.
I don't think it's actually, well actually it's the test units I think.
Yeah, they had like a clear container for it.
It looked like a finished Xbox One.
But it's probably not a finished version of the game.
Remember, Forza 5 isn't done yet.
They need to patch in the rest of the game when it comes out.
We're only a month out too.
I mean, I would think that the real deal is starting to show up.
But this is the copy that they were confident enough to bring to a retail store and have people try out.
And funny enough, I was teasing Bobby Blackwolf because he has the show before us here at VOG Network and I was teasing him earlier because he was talking about demos and I said, well, you know, Bobby, he will make his impression off a video game based off the demo and that's that because I think back to Ni No Kuni and how he refuses to play that full game because the demo was so awful, which it was, but the game's really good.
And
I bring that up because if you're going to make your impressions off this in-store demo unit, then yeah, it should run a little better than being stuttery all over the place.
Besides that, it was very pretty.
The controller is really awesome.
I want one of those.
And it plays like Forza.
Yeah, but more like the old Forzas and not like Forza Horizon Arcade-y, right?
No, no, it's like the numbered Forza games There you go, okay, fair enough Were they showing anything else, like Killer Instinct or any of that, or just Forza?
Nope, it was a Forza show I see They had two reps, they probably trained over the weekend showing it off Fair enough, fair enough I was going to say though, since we were talking about Pokemon a minute ago Have you tried playing the Pokemon in 3D?
It kind of stutters too Oh yeah Yeah, that was a little bit disappointing
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, what the hell are you doing in chat?
I don't know.
I tried to put one stupid little link and the whole thing copied.
And DarkSakura got kicked for flooding the chat.
You know what?
She was speaking in tongues.
That was actually a complete and total accident.
Whoops.
All right.
Good job, DarkSakura.
Okay.
Sorry, Zappy.
Well, the thing is, sure, 3D isn't that useful, but this is what they sold the system on.
You have 3D games and it looks like they're moving away from the things they were selling their own system on.
Well, what's the verdict for you?
Are you on board with next-gen gaming?
Are you going to get an Xbox One or a PlayStation 4?
Well, I'm considering it just because I was able to pre-order an Xbox One for $100 off because I just used the staples to stack a whole bunch of coupons.
So you're going to go Xbox One with that money off then?
I'm thinking about it because $400 puts it at the same price as a PS4.
That's true.
If you can lessen the price, Xbox One does have some exclusives that are worth looking at.
Yeah, but on the other hand, the launch lineup just isn't there.
Yeah, I hear you.
And like Loki, he's waiting six months, so there's nothing wrong with that.
Alright, well Zappy, I'm going to let you go to see if anybody else calls.
But thanks for calling.
I don't think we've heard from you in forever and it's good to hear the impressions of the Xbox One.
Alright, cool.
Next time, pretty poutine.
Yep, with Smokey.
Alright, sounds good.
Bye.
1877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
I figured out what it did.
It actually copied the image data and not the URL.
I have no idea how that happened because I highlighted the URL to copy it.
So my iPad is currently the devil.
1-877-GAME-OLR or use your name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We need more poutine.
I'm trying to go to tweets and see what else has been tweeted at us tonight.
Someone new should call us.
I want new.
I mean, I love all of you people seriously and I love talking with you, but we need someone new calling.
New voices, new blood.
Actdeft sent us a tweet, but it's a tweet from Eurogamer about the extension of the games for gold on 360, which I think we had talked about earlier.
I was trying to see if there was more games announced on it, but I don't think so.
I didn't realize they got the exact same games in Europe, but I guess that makes sense that they do.
Um, Sterlok tweeted us saying, what was the music from tonight?
Very awesome.
Well, clearly you're talking about the song Always by Erasure.
It's what we played during the Fugle.
We need more Erasure on the show.
We do.
We did.
I can make that happen.
Don't, uh, don't think I won't.
I think that's it for Twitter topics.
I didn't get a whole lot tonight.
So twitter.com slash OLR.
We need a new ending song and it should be all through the years.
All right.
I'm going to put out one more call for phone calls and then we're going to wrap it up.
No, you should call tonight.
See y'all?
Do it now!
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're out of last minute stories, right?
Yeah.
Is there any more food stories somebody wants to tell?
Pool tea!
I think they have that actually over at Sprouts or even like Whole Foods or something like that.
They have like their weird food over there.
I could just make it at home.
Yeah.
Maybe I'm just thinking of the cheese first.
It's not that difficult if you think about it.
I say sacrifice your face first.
All right.
Degenerate Johnny.
All right.
Well, I guess nobody wants to call.
That makes me sad.
So I'm going to close up the Skype line and I will encourage you guys to email us in a future week.
Mailbag at OrangeLongTrader.com or you can also send us a tweet.
Twitter.com slash OLR and those are all the ways you can interact with us as well.
Otherwise, that does it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
I just want to say thank you guys very much for listening to the show.
The nominating stuff is over for the podcast awards, but I do want to give a quick thank you.
If you did take the time out of your day to nominate us, or at least nominate another deserving independent podcast, even if it wasn't us, I want to say thank you.
We'll know the results of that, I think it's the same time as this show next week, so that could be interesting.
So we can have our disappointment drinks when we don't get nominated.
We'll have a pile of poutine that will drown our sorrows in.
Yes, fist bump.
Poutine.
Do you want some poutine, Loki?
No.
Is that part of your diet?
Poutine.
You know what?
Budget for it.
I don't think that there's a ketogenic version of poutine.
Just budget for it.
That's all you have to do.
All right.
Thank you very much.
You can also leave us a nice review on iTunes, Stitcher, Thumbs Up, you know, all the places where you found this podcast.
Other people will find podcasts too.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, starting us off tonight, your final thought.
well we'll be playing more Grand Theft Auto this week and hopefully you should see an announcement about the next game night we'll maybe do another game night or maybe we'll do like one week because Friday seems to be a lot better for people because it's hard to play so maybe we'll do another game night Friday and then we'll switch it up to the next platform the next Friday or something like that switch off until some other games come out
um my final thought tonight is um I don't know uh I uh I need to get working on my Halloween costume because I haven't started yet and I really need to do that and I need to not slack off and also I need to do more live game streaming because I've been slacking off on that too so uh even though I was joking earlier about how everybody's live streaming oh well I'm gonna do it too uh because there's some other games out there I'm playing that I want to show you guys that aren't just Final Fantasy 14 believe it or not and last but not least DarkSakura your final thought tonight
The closest thing I have to cheese curds is cottage cheese.
That sucks.
Could you put cottage cheese on french fries?
I can't eat french fries.
You know what?
I feel healthier than I have in the last three weeks.
And I want to start playing DDR again.
That's my final thought.
All right.
Good luck.
I want to make it a thing.
A thing.
A thing.
Your thing.
All right.
Well, that's the end of this thing for tonight.
We'll be back next Sunday, seven days, to do it all over again.
Yet another thing just in time for Halloween with episode 525.
Multiple of 25 palindrome episode.
So we'll see you next time here on Orange Launch Radio.
Good night.
Thank you for watching.
See you next week!
