All right
And we're not gonna do much of an after-birth tonight because the show went on so long or having stream problems
And and I don't I think I have a cage match pick from Jamie
But I'm not sure so we're just gonna say screw it and kind of move quickly tonight
But Victoria did walk back in studio
So I wanted to give her a chance to say any last things she wants to say to the listeners
It was fun
Being on the show I Rob's been
Trying to get me to come on the show for a you know be on the show for a while and
Yeah, it was just it was fun. I've never really never really tuned in to listen
How nerdy is this seriously it is like your nerd factor? You just got deeper into the nerd forest my friend
Do you think we'll have a?
Camera next yes, we should have a camera next show we got sent one from one of our listeners. Thank you. Thank you one law
and Akuma JP I believe was one to send it and
Dark Sakura has it though. She's gonna bring it with her next week. I'm hoping I mean they're gonna leave us
like I said, I'm checking out of the game scratch this week, and they're leaving us a
it's a
presentation
Deck it's basically the DJ deck, but I think it's missing all the internals out of it
So you know cuz they wouldn't give me the actual deck that would be kind of
a generous of them no, but yeah, so I don't know if I'm able to bring that in but it may if I can
I'll be sweet. They don't care
All right, so yeah, it's just been it was fun. I did kind of get a headache from all the nerdiness. I'm sorry
But you know I love you, and this is fun. I've you know I got to hang out with Irene and Matt some more
So yeah, thanks for letting me be on your show muchas gracias, and you know all that
We've done this you can't believe we've done this almost seven years now
You have the life very first night we ever did this do you know how many people listened how many twelve nice?
Twelve people and honestly it's not it's we've probably
You about seventy that listen live it's more than twelve yeah, but I mean now
Thanks to the podcast we have hundreds or two weeks ago
We would have done it tonight you can be anybody you want, but two weeks ago
We did video game match game, and you missed it. You don't have to really know anything about video game
So people say random shit, and I know you love match game
I fucking love matching Rob and I are gonna be Brett Summers and Charles Nelson Riley for Halloween
Yeah, that's what your Halloween costume this year
Alright, so there's no cage match tonight. I'm sorry to say we got a wrap-up
I mean it's already almost 10 o'clock. We've been on air for hours the podcast gonna be huge this week
It's over three hours. I don't think we've had one clock past three hours in a long time, but we had a fun time
Thank you guys very much. I do have a fortune cookie message of the day for you all so here. It is
Does it say go fuck yourself? No here's the fortune cookie message of the day
That's it that's it for my fortune key message of the day I
Love the syphilis Ollie show it's awesome, so there you have it. Did you see Romeo and Michelle you wanted me to do the Romeo?
Michelle
All right, we'll do two fortune key. We'll do two fortune cookie messages today. Just because I love you that much
I love you that much. No I posted this in my life journal, and I said watching Romeo Michelle yesterday
Yes, I said, I don't know why but this clip just seems to sum up my life, so here it is
Hi
Hey great suit is that an Armani yes, yes, it is I thought so
So what do you do? I'm a suit salesman
I cut my foot before my shoes filling up with blood
Be funny I know you have you have to you have to actually watch it because of the limp she has as she walks away
It's kind of crappy
So say everybody so that's it. We're pulling the plug. We're done. Bye guys right here
So we'll see you next week same bat time same bat channel Jamie will be back. We'll talk more
I know the friend of mine wants to come on the show who so we'll see bat
So we'll see the one the one that was here for New Year's. Oh
So he wants to talk about PC games, so we'll have that be fun
So it'll be cool. All right. That's it. We're done. We're out of here
bye, bye
I don't care if you don't know why
The clear sky is blue
But I want you to know why
I don't want my cheeks
Or feet
Darling, darling
Come here, my baby
Can't you see?
Can't you see?
Darling, darling
Don't you remember?
Look at that
You can't remember
Darling, darling
But I'll take your profile
Look at me
Please look at me
All Games Radio is currently switching between our station and our live feed
Which may take several moments
Please stay tuned
