with your hosts, dark sakura, sky, and the loco, tonight, january 4th, 2009, xbox avatars
get dressed for a rave, is rock band getting a lego themed expansion, and can you turn
your old hdvd player into a burning laser?
Hi everybody and welcome to another week of orange lounge radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
I should say welcome to a new year of orange lounge radio because you know haha it is 2009,
our first show of the year.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you tonight.
As always, my faithful co-hosts, partners in crime, say hello to the one and only dark
sakura, Jamie Summers.
Snorlax.
How are you Snorlax?
Hey.
Hey.
I'm doing okay.
You know I was having a conversation about Pokemon and WoW the other day, don't ask,
but have you ever seen the Pokemon Jynx?
No.
Jynx looks like a giant drag queen, google it, google Jynx Pokemon, it's hilarious, anyway
sorry I'm completely random like the rest of the show.
Say hello to our very own drag queen here in studio, Techmaster Loki.
I'm sorry you must be talking about Andrew right here.
I'm sorry I was just imagining you dressed as Tingle because it's seemingly never going
to happen so I just have to imagine it.
Alright.
How are you?
I'm doing fine, it could be better if this would work correctly.
Oh yeah I forgot you have a cam over there, god pointed at my worst possible angle.
It's not working.
Oh that's good.
Because you know like all things Sony it crashes out there a few minutes.
So yeah.
Trying to use the Eye of Judgment for something useful and failing failtastically.
Well yeah it failed just as fast as the Eye of Judgment within about five minutes.
Gotcha.
Amazing.
Also joining us tonight we do have some guests in studio as Loki already mentioned we have
the OLR forever intern Drew is here in house and we'll have to steal Loki's microphone
to be heard.
What's up?
Hi how are you?
Not bad not bad.
Cool cool.
How was your new year?
Pretty quiet.
Champagne got to see how Dick Clark's progressed.
That's about it.
Yeah not good.
Not good apparently.
Prognosis?
I'm a little sad about that.
You old.
Yeah.
Alright.
Also joining us tonight all the way from the city that never sleeps Las Vegas say hello
to T-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-A-R-R-A-R-R-R-A-R-R-A also known as Sauce.
How are you Sauce?
I'm doing pretty good.
How's Vegas?
It's Vegas like it snowed a couple of weeks ago and everybody freaked out.
It doesn't snow in the desert like ever.
Fun times.
Yeah but you're spending the week in Sacramento?
Yeah this is actually my last night here.
Nooo.
Well how was your new year's?
It was fun.
We play a lot of rock band.
Yeah good times.
Now you're at a website now where you talk about all sorts of nerdy things, so you actually
have something to plug tonight, so why don't you plug away?
Well, I have a game slash comic slash book slash other geeky nerdy stuff.
It's a nerd blog.
It's a total nerd.
Anything nerdy, it's there.
Yeah.
It's AvengersTower.com, and actually Jamie made an account on there too, and she's posted
a review on some comics.
So it's just kind of a fun place for all of your nerdy stuff to kind of converge together,
and you'll probably occasionally see references to that one episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation where...
Nice.
Very nice.
Well, best of luck with the blog, and if you want to see two cute nerdy girls giggling
and screaming about comics and things, no, I'm just kidding.
It's a fun read.
You guys are very good writers.
Thank you.
Good luck with that.
It's probably even better than Orangenolenceradio.com, so definitely check it out.
All right.
Let's start off with how is your gaming week?
So Dark Soccer, since you're all big time writing for a big giggling girl blog now,
why don't you tell us about your gaming week?
Giggling Geek Girl.
I like that.
No, I'm just kidding.
No.
I played, of course, Rock Band on New Year's Eve, and that crappy Lips game that was full
of crap and crappiness and songs that I hate.
See, I would have thought Lips was awesome because it's by the Elite Beat Agents people,
but you were not a fan.
It has a bunch of pop bullshit that I hate.
As in, when I went in the room and had to ask, what is this and who is that, then that's
a sign that it's stuff that I don't listen to.
You made me play Sing Star Abba today.
Yes, it was amazing.
The girls came over before tonight's show, and we sat down with some Sing Star Abba.
It was epic, as Abba would be.
Here's the thing about Dark Soccer, though, is that she does this whole, oh, I don't sing
in front of people.
I don't like to sing.
I don't really want to play.
So Tiara and I basically put a gun to her head and said, look, you're going to sing
or else, and she said, oh, okay.
She got up there and sang, got a higher score than Tiara and I. Probably combined, she got
a higher score.
I think she got 8,500 on the Take On Me song or something.
I don't know.
On her first song, she got 8,000 on whatever Abba song she was singing, Gimme, Gimme, Gimme.
She's totally one of those people that's like, oh, no, I couldn't possibly, and then she's
like, oh, my God, she's amazing.
No, it's okay.
This is the thing, and I'm sure I've explained this before, I hate hearing out of tune, and
I hear myself out of tune, and it drives me nuts.
And I think everyone else can hear it because I hear it, so I don't really want to do it.
And singing in front of people has been ruined for me forever because of church choir.
I see.
Well, so that explains then why we're shy, and at least you can change the mic volume
in SimStar.
Yeah, that was helpful.
It's just because I didn't want to hear myself that loud, but I played other stuff.
I actually turned on Order of Ecclesia and then turned it off because that was when Becky
arrived because I was just starting to play, and then it's like, oh, hi.
So we watched Eddie Izzard, and then we played a whole crap ton of Marvel Ultimate Alliance,
and by a whole crap ton, I mean a whole crap ton.
It was fantastic for, um, sorry, hee hee hee hee hee.
What the hell else did I play?
I gotta go to chat room because leave it to chat room to make some tee hee type comments.
Chat.orangeontrader.com, the ever-present extra guest on the program.
Black Wolf, our buddy, who is on right before us at allgames.com, and I should work in this
plug for him.
He's starting a new project next week on Friday.
It's Friday Night Gaming, FNG, that effing show.
Now I can actually call it that effing show, and he can't get mad at me.
It's FNG, fnglive.net, and he has a comment tonight.
He says, the game obviously didn't hear you sing out of tune, because that's right, you
got a high score.
Obviously you weren't out of tune because the game didn't grade you out of tune.
Just had to say that.
Well, yeah, okay, but it's...
It's probably forgiving, so she has another reason to be self-deprecating.
Thank you!
I want ice cream now.
Anyway.
Let's all go out for ice cream after the show.
Actually they brought ice cream.
Yeah.
Damn.
But, um, but, I, um, what else, what else the heck did I play?
Oh yeah, I was starting to play more Ragnarok, and then I was like, damn this intro's long!
So um, I'm still on the, uh, opening part of the game where they do a whole shit ton
of talking.
And um, um, um, um, I played something else.
Oh yeah!
Big Buck Safari.
We went- What?
We were waiting on our food at, um, the Beach Hut Deli that, um, well I don't wanna...
Well, they're great.
It's up on, on, uh, was it on Madison up there?
On Greenback?
Wherever?
Anyway, um, we were waiting on our food, and I was like, I wanna shoot an elephant!
So, cause it was the tropical one.
So I got up there, and, and, thank you for the 50 cents by the way, and um, I, there,
you couldn't shoot elephants to start, so I picked a wildebeest, and kept, you know,
wanting to shoot the wildebeests.
But they were stupid, and it's like, if you shoot, you can only shoot the buck, you can't
shoot the cow.
I said, you shot a cow, moo!
But I shot a lion in the ass.
I like nipped his ear, and he turned and ran, so I shot him in the ass.
And then I shot an elephant in the head.
Even though I wasn't supposed to shoot the elephant.
This is what Africa should be.
That's what I said!
I was like, this game is what Africa needs to be, only it was kinda craptastic, but it
was pretty funny.
And, you know, I just wanna remind people that all these Safari games we play, they're
all crap compared to Jambo Safari, honestly, when all's said and done.
Jambo Safari is great.
Yes, Jambo Safari is one of those amazing, great games that we'll never shut up about
here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Like file it under, like, Guardian Legend and SingStar Abba, because it's right up there.
And then, um, I, I, our Turbo Express is low on battery, and we need to do batteries for
it, but I really wanted to play R-Type on, uh, earlier in the week.
I didn't get to play R-Type, but, buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh, but, I did get, I told you I got Katamari
for my iPhone, and I played some.
Is this fail-tastic, as a lot of people were saying, or did they really fix it?
I heard they fixed some stuff.
It's still kinda hard to control, I haven't done story mode yet, I've just been doing
endless to get used to the controls.
I don't like tilting it, I wish that I could just, you know, slide my thumb in one direction
and have the, the Katamari go that way, but, it's alright, it's not bad.
It actually, I can't really notice a lot of the framerate problems that people were talking
about, because the, um, first one kind of had a few of those on its own, so it really
isn't all that big of a deal, it's an iPhone app, deal with it, shit.
You know, you wanna play Katamari that doesn't have that problem, freakin' get a PS2.
Alright, I like that review, it's an iPhone app, shit, deal with it, alright.
Let's move on.
I'm gonna type that up right now.
You do that, put that in the Giggling Girl blog, alright, just kidding, alright, let's
move on over to Loki, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay, um, I played a lot, well I tried playing some Grand Theft Auto
on PC, Grand Theft Auto IV, and for some reason, you know, I was trying to get some of the
mods to work in, it just doesn't like doing mods or something, even though I'm not really
changing much, it's just being retarded, so that's kind of annoying, but I did get, like,
some of the, um, no gravity stuff to work, but I was trying to do some really fun stuff
with it, but, oh well.
And then, um, you know, Grand Theft Auto IV on the 360 as well, still playing our, um,
daily games, and I actually tried some new XNA games, uh, one though I really liked was
uh, Carnivale, and I can't remember the rest of the title for that, but uh, Carnivale,
um, it's a really weird kind of game, you play like, Carnivale Showtime, yes, Carnivale
Showtime, it's, um, you play like this, um, acrobat, who's not really human, and you go
around popping balloons, but, they aren't really balloons, yes, sorry, never mind, except
they aren't really balloons, okay, um, no, but you actually, they have these little devices
that swing you around stuff, and the whole goal of it is to pop all the balloons and
get up to, um, the top of the screen where there's a flaming ring.
Now it sounds simple enough, but it keeps getting more and more progressively harder,
and there's other things that are added into it, like rockets and electrical stuff, um,
but for an XNA game it's actually extremely excellent, in fact, I think this thing sets
the bar as far as what XNA games should be, um, totally polished, it could easily be an
Xbox Live Arcade game, easily, um, so highly recommend you check it out, I went ahead and
purchased it cause it was awesome, so, check it out and buy it, cause it's good, and very
fun actually, and really colorful.
So for all those people out there that say you hate on community games, not true, cause
I love this one.
No, this is what I'm saying is, they need to be polished, it's cause a lot of the stuff
I see on there is not very polished, and that's my problem with it, you know, so you have
to look at games like this and go, oh my god, this is what they could be like, then what
the hell is everyone else doing?
That's my thing right there.
Vidpower in chat says, every time somebody talks about a carnival, I think about that
carnival arcade game, and you know, when you said carnival, I was thinking of that HBO
series, like, did they make a carnival video game?
No, it's not a carnival video game, no, it's really cool though, it's, um, easily something
though that could be an Xbox Live Arcade game, which it should be I think, but, whatever.
Um, and then other than that, I played a little bit of Dissidia, and a little bit of Animal
Crossing, and that's pretty much it.
I was gonna try to play some other things this week, but I didn't get around to it,
so that's okay.
My gaming week, you know, same old stuff, World of Warcraft, I've now done three wings
on 25-Man Naxx, thank you very much, because of our raiding alliance, but it was fun.
But here's the thing, other than that, you know what game I've actually been spending
like the majority of my game week playing?
Is Suikoden, yes, the old school PlayStation 1 game Suikoden, and why have I been playing
that of all games?
Well, they released it on the PlayStation 3, I think two weeks ago, I think Christmas
week as one of the backwards compatible games that you can play on your PlayStation 3 or
the PSP.
And it's kind of a hard to find game now, it was a collector's item for a little while,
I mean, now that it's on PlayStation 3, I'm not sure how that's gonna go, I'm sure the
hardcore collectors will still be after it, but those that want to play it now can do
so for $6.
So it's cool, because I remember playing the game once like a long time ago, I think I'd
rented it, but I didn't really remember it, and you know, one of my really good friends
has been on the show before, Shane, he always raves about Suikoden, and you know, I just
knew that a lot of people really liked the game, so I wanted to play it.
So yeah, I've been playing it, I've already dropped like almost six hours in it, and it's
fun and the story's a lot better than you'd think it is at the beginning when you realize
the graphics are kind of a step up from the Super Nintendo, but that Fortune Wheel boss,
for those of you who have played Suikoden, you'll know what I'm talking about, the Fortune
Wheel boss, seriously, that was the worst thing ever, ever.
But I got past it, but man did that take persistence.
Basically there's a boss, that's a giant roulette wheel, and you step onto it, and you land
on a square that might be a monster, or might be experience, but you're waiting to land
on the square that'll take you to the next room, but you might have to do the damn thing
like fifty times, I'm not even kidding, and do all these random videos, terrible.
But otherwise the game's pretty awesome actually, I really like the concept of going around
and recruiting people to join your army, because there should be an army of supporters that
I have.
Anyway, so that was pretty much my gaming week, it was a good classic, Suikoden.
Drew, how was your gaming week?
Pretty good, I had a cold for most of the week, better now though.
Me too, that's kind of ruined my week too.
I sat and played World of Warcraft, I'm actually a main tank now, one of the tanks for my guild.
I took advantage of the Steam sale that happened at the end of the year, picked up some games,
finally got Portal, finally played through Portal, I mean five bucks, come on, played
through Bioshock, got Team Fortress 2, played that a little bit, Enemy Territory Quake Wars,
and I'm just starting out on Fallout 3.
So I've been a little busy gaming-wise, but it's all been good.
Now Fallout 3 has been one of those games that I want to play eventually, because I've
heard so many good things about it, I didn't play Oblivion until a few months after it
was out and I still loved it later, I'm just thinking of Bethesda games.
Is Fallout 3 seeming to be worthy of all the praise that's been lavished upon it by the
gaming masses?
I'll preface this with the fact that I hate Oblivion, but I like Fallout 3.
It's a damn good game.
It's a little tedious to walk this place and that until you get to fast travel back and
forth, but it's pretty good for a first-person style Fallout.
I kind of miss the holy turn-based thing, but V.A.T.S. takes care of that quite nicely.
All right, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
That's about it.
Well then let's move on over to Sauce.
Hello, Sauce.
Hello.
How was your gaming week?
It was good.
Earlier in the week I played a lot of Eternal Sonata, which was...
We're having mic issues, if you heard that, no I don't think it was you, I think it was...
One of these mics is like on the fritz, it's on its last legs.
It's the one I told Andrew to use.
Is it?
Yeah, I think that mic is going to go any day now, so sorry.
If you hear random things, sorry about that, live radio.
It sucks sometimes.
Go ahead, Sauce.
So I played Eternal Sonata, which is fun.
I had never...
I just got an Xbox 360 the day after Thanksgiving, so I'm kind of catching up on games that people
have already played before, and that was fun.
And then New Year's Eve we played a lot of Rock Band, or I saw Lips, which I thought
was pretty cool, because there's a lot of poppy music that Jamie hates, but I thought
it was great.
Let's see, we played a lot of Marvel Ultimate Alliance, which was fun.
I played Guitar Hero Aerosmith with Dan, which was also fun, I like that game.
And I wound up waking up like five hours before Jamie or Dan did on New Year's Day, so I wound
up trying out Fable 2, because I'd never played that, and I'm really addicted.
I've been waking up before everyone almost every day since I've been here, and I've been
playing that in the mornings.
And I accidentally killed my first husband, which was fun, oops, I forgot he was following
me and I went to go do a quest to kill bandits, and I accidentally got him killed.
So then I remarried, and then I moved into a nicer house, and then in the gypsy camp
I found a lesbian who was in love with me, so I married her also.
Yeah I got a bigamist achievement for that, so it was fun.
So yeah, that was pretty much my gaming wig.
I heard you named your baby Optimus Prime.
Yeah, I had a baby with my second husband and I named him Optimus Prime.
Awesome.
He likes tofu.
As any growing boy should.
Alright.
Wow, anyhow, let's get a move on talking about some podcast updates and the show.
There is no show next week, just a reminder, we will not be here live next week, January
11th.
That's because we're on vacation, I'll be out of the state and I think everybody else
just wants a week off after the holidays, so enjoy your night off from OLR.
We will be back however on the 18th.
Also, speaking of which, as far as the podcast feed goes, I know it's been behind and lagging,
but it's all caught up now, so go enjoy all the latest episodes of Orange Launch Radio.
You may have to dig back into iTunes a little bit, pick up all the shows you may have missed.
So everything is all caught up there and is hunky-dory in Podcast World.
So now let's get into tonight's news and stuff and we'll get into a game later on, which
some of our chatters can play and possibly win a fabulous prize.
We'll talk more about that later.
Loki, why don't you start us off with some gaming news tonight?
Alright, well guess what?
The Nielsen company has done a bunch of different polls and one of those polls that they have
tabulated was, what was the most played game console for 2008?
Well congratulations Sony, it was the PlayStation 2.
And that had 31.2% of the market share, which is not surprising because it still has the
largest market share of game consoles out there right now.
Number two was the Xbox 360 with 17.2%, followed by the Wii with 13.4%, which is interesting
because there are more Wii consoles out there than Xbox 360, followed by the original Xbox
with 9.7%, and then sadly after that, the PlayStation 3 with 7.3%.
Wait, so more people are playing the original Xbox than are playing the PlayStation 3?
That's right, the original Xbox, the system they stopped selling a couple years ago.
Ouch, that's too bad.
And then of course GameCube with 4.6%.
So hey, at least they're beating the GameCube.
I notice handhelds aren't ranked in there though.
Yeah, because they think they're talking about home console and, you know, I don't know,
they just didn't consider handhelds I guess.
Because if you talk about handhelds, they ain't got to do like, you know, the iPhone
maybe, and it's just, you know, we'll just ignore the handhelds.
Alright, well, do you think things might change in 2009?
Do you think at some point something's got to overtake the PlayStation 2 eventually?
I'm kind of surprised the Wii wasn't higher up there, I mean, I am and I'm not.
Obviously the Wii's biggest problem is that once the novelty of Wii Sports and all that
wears off, it kind of just sits there and gathers dust, but, you know, there's still
a lot of families, especially at Christmas time, that are all playing Wii Sports together
and stuff, you know?
But, you know, would you rather be, I mean, would people be playing Wii Sports for like
six hours a day?
I mean, there's some people, obviously they'll play more hardcore, like RPGs and stuff like
that, like Fallout, you know, and, you know, Fallout, they could be playing that for hours
at a time and that just kind of goes right by, but the Wii doesn't really have anything
that takes up tons of time, I mean, Animal Crossing, but hell, that gets boring after
a couple hours, so.
It's not really that big of a surprise.
I guess all those people that are playing Wii Fit, or not playing Wii Fit, or not playing
Wii Music, very funny.
Rob has escaped us.
Rob ran away while I was having network difficulties.
Sorry, live radio folks, I tried to go fix the network by plugging in the extender, which
I had unplugged earlier in the week because it was causing me issues of the PlayStation
3.
Boy, 2009, not off to a good start in regards to the technical difficulties, is it?
We have mic issues and network issues.
Good lord.
Hey, but one thing that's not having issues, it's growing and growing is XNA and the community
games on Xbox Live Marketplace.
What are you laughing about over there, Saws?
My lame transitions, or what?
Okay.
Anyhow.
Hey, obviously there are just tons and tons and tons of games on the community games list,
and it's kind of hard to figure out, like, what is good and out there to download.
I mean, you know, obviously there's a lot of good stuff out there, but there's some
also not good stuff out there, so trying to be able to sort it all can be a challenge.
Well, this website, gamerbytes.com, actually decided to put together their top 10 XNA community
games of 2008.
It's from gamerbytes.com.
They say, Galax email, Monaco 360, which looks a little bit like Rally-X to me, I don't know
about that.
It's a remake of Monaco.
Oh, it's a remake of Monaco GP, okay.
Cave-In was eight, Star Pilot was seven, Weapon of Choice was six, Hexothermic was five, Duotrix
was four, Johnny Platform's Biscuit Romp was three.
I almost downloaded that today.
Biscuit Romp?
That sounds kind of awesome.
That sounds kind of dirty.
Ultratron was number two.
Which looks like a complete rip-off of Robotron, by the way, but still looks pretty.
And number one was the game that Loki was earlier talking about, Carnivale Showtime,
which must be part of the inspiration for him to download it, maybe?
Yes, it would be.
Ah.
So...
I didn't even know it was on there, because I usually check, you know, quite a bit for
different games, but it must have been something that's just recently added.
How sad, though, that our buddy Aaron in his game Snake 360 did not make the list, but
maybe next year.
He must have been number 11.
I don't know.
Maybe next year.
It's unfortunate, because there's probably so many games out there right now, and there's
nothing really to...
I mean, you can look at the top downloads and stuff like that, but that's kind of skewed
sometimes.
Yeah?
I don't know.
Yeah, it can be.
I wonder if anybody's figured out a way to kind of, like, stack the deck.
You know what I mean?
Nobody's figured out a way to cheat that system yet, or anything like that.
Download the trial a bunch of times, I don't know.
Do you think it would require unique accounts, or what?
Maybe.
I don't know.
But, Jamie, that one game, the Biscuit Challenge, or whatever, that's only at 200 Microsoft
points to download.
Looks kind of like a neat little platformer game.
Maybe I'll have to invest and challenge the Biscuit.
You hear that, fireplace sim?
200 Microsoft points.
Don't need to be 500.
That's ridiculous for stupid, fake-looking fire.
Alright.
Well, I'll have to check some of these out.
I've been falling behind on the community games, and I keep meaning to stay on top of
them, but...
Seriously, Carnevale.
That's awesome.
Alright.
I'll definitely make it a point to check that one out.
I even bought a bigger hard drive so I could download more games, so I swear I will at
some point.
They actually had some pretty cool stuff.
They had a music-making program on there now, which is kind of neat.
Hmm.
I'll have to check that out.
Well, how about some other top 10s?
And this is Eurogamer's top 10 games, so we're looking a little bit to the overseas opinion.
But number 10 was World of Goo, which is We Wear in PC, and it's actually something that
I was really interested in, just because it looks so bizarre.
Another, the next one is Guitar Hero World Tour for 9th place.
And I have to use your slow internet to get to the next one.
Really?
There was a lot of people hating on Guitar Hero World Tour when I talked to them.
So interesting.
But this is Europe.
I know, but still, it's not like it's a completely different game.
It's interesting.
Number 8 was Gears of War 2 for Xbox 360.
It was pretty epic.
7, Left 4 Dead, which is Valve's zombie game.
I've definitely seen both of those on a lot of top 10 lists this year, that's for sure.
Zombies!
6 is Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2, a pretty shiny game.
That game was pretty awesome and was sadly neglected from a lot of top 10 lists this
year.
That was a pretty awesome game.
5 is Braid from Xbox Live Arcade.
And then, moving forward, I'm surprised it's only at 5.
Number 4 is Fable 2.
Fable 2 is very, very British.
I mean, because it's the spelling and everything.
But anyway.
3, Grand Theft Auto 4.
You all knew it would be up there.
Moving on to number 2.
Number 2 is Fallout 3, which is pretty darn awesome.
And number 1 is LittleBigPlanet.
Excellent choice for LittleBigPlanet, but I didn't hear Rock Band 2.
So they put Guitar Hero World Tour on this list, but they didn't put Rock Band 2 on there?
That's interesting.
Or did Rock Band 2 not get released over there yet?
I don't even know.
Because, you know, the delays and everything.
I thought they got it.
I thought they didn't have nearly the delay we had over here.
Very interesting.
Hmm.
Maybe they were feeling, or, you know, this is just one particular website, obviously.
It's not the whole country's opinion.
But maybe this particular website was, you know, maybe put off by the fact that it felt
like more of an upgrade to the previous Rock Band game.
Don't know.
There was a story, kind of tied in with this too, that Peter Moore was pissed off at EA
because FIFA didn't make the list.
How so?
Because it's a European game, and FIFA soccer always usually is one of those bigger games.
And so he was pissed off that it didn't make the list.
Actually, there was a Top 50 list that they did too, I think.
They had like Mirror's Edge and stuff like that on there, but FIFA's not on the list.
Ouch.
So bad.
Interesting.
Or too bad, so sad.
Yeah.
Well, maybe that's just a hint to, you know, do...
I don't know.
I didn't play the game, so I don't know if it's good or not, but, you know, I would...
Maybe it's just a hint to do better next time?
I don't know.
Maybe.
The PS3 may not have led as far as console game playing share, but they are leading in
one thing, and that is web browsing.
Between the PlayStation 3 and the Wii, PlayStation 3 has won.
They actually have quite a few people browsing.
Of course, when you compare all the browsing platforms, including PC and stuff, 0.4% of
all web browsing is done on the PS3, compared to the 0.01% that's done on the Wii, so yay!
Go 0.3% or 0.3% better.
Yeah.
What do people actually browse the web for on their TV?
I mean, I can't imagine like checking my email on the TV and stuff.
That would just be terrible.
YouTube and Pornotube, that's pretty much it.
Exactly what I was gonna say.
YouTube and XTube are pretty much all I can think of, and I will say this.
I actually, you know, believe it or not, I had not seen that whole jizz in my pants thing
from Saturday Night Live a couple weeks ago that had become a viral video.
So my friend finally made me go on YouTube and watch it, and I did it on the PlayStation
3, and it was much smoother than when I had tried to use YouTube on the Wii before.
So I will say it was superior YouTube on the PS3.
Because they have Flash 9 built into the PlayStation 3 browser, whereas the Wii only has Flash
7.
Oh, okay.
Because certain people that, you know, develop the Wii don't give a shit about online.
I see, I see.
And then I saw the jizz in my pants thing, and it wasn't as funny as they made it out
to be, I have to say.
But it was still kind of funny.
Anyway, if you have no idea what I'm talking about, Google it or something.
Oh.
What?
Totally unrelated, but they have a new Charlie the Unicorn that they did for YouTube Live.
It's hilarious.
It's short, though.
Like a third one?
Yeah, sort of.
It's like a little short thing that they did during YouTube Live.
And they had Rick Ashley in there.
Interesting.
And they were talking in Russian.
Hmm.
Well, we've been keeping our eye on the game blogs this week, and one thing that caught
our eye on one of the game blogs was this story on Joystiq about a study that buff game
characters apparently give men a negative body image.
And you know, this is interesting.
You know why this is interesting, because we hear all the freaking time about women
and the supermodels and the wafer-thin looks and women just want to be beautiful and all
this crap because Hollywood screws up everybody's perception of what's normal and da-da-da.
But you don't hear it a lot about men.
So that's what I thought was very interesting about this story is that it kind of calls
attention to, well, maybe there's guys that get image problems as well.
And apparently, they're quoting a study from researchers at Kansas State University.
And apparently what the study showed is that if you view extreme body images in games,
I don't know what that means, extreme body images in games.
Like, is there, like, plus I wouldn't think, like, you know, muscular men extreme cells,
but you know, maybe...
Depends what market you're marketing men for.
Exactly.
It's gonna sell 10%, you know, or it's gonna sell the, you know, women or whatever, but
anyway, I don't know.
Anyhow, but they say 15 minutes of seeing these extreme body images.
It's enough to give both males and females, so it's not just, you know, no, here we go
with women again, sadly, unfortunately having to look at this in the media, giving them
a negative impression of their own body image.
Oh, that's bullshit.
I'm sorry.
You think it's all bullshit?
That is bullshit.
I'm playing games with, you know, muscular main characters all the time.
Doesn't mean I want to go work out.
Fuck that.
I'm playing a game.
It's a fictional character.
What the hell do I care?
Well, if you want to know a little more about this, you can actually go to where the study's
actually at, which is on some television station's local website.
And apparently it was put together by a graduate student who organized two study groups of
university students.
Okay, here's the extreme game they were talking about, WWF WrestleMania 2000.
That's an N64 game.
The hell?
Well perhaps, I don't know, perhaps the, wow, the news station must be really short over
there.
Perhaps the news station must have butchered something, I don't know.
This is Kansas, after all.
And apparently, you know, I love this quote from the news article, included enormous muscular
specimens such as The Rock, Big Boss Man, and The Undertaker.
Wrestling or gay porn?
You be the judge.
Seriously.
Like, I don't watch a lot of wrestling, but damn, Big Boss Man, like, I think I saw him
at Folsom Street Fair.
Big Boss Man was awesome.
I'm just saying.
By the way, the second study was women and they had to play a beach volleyball game.
Well, that's probably DOA beach volleyball right there.
I mean, Boa, and then the story goes on to say, both male and female subjects viewed
their own bodies more negatively after completing a cycle at the game control.
He said the immediacy of reaction by game players was disturbing because video games
are such a powerful element of popular culture.
But here's the weird thing is that they were playing, like, sports video games.
It's stupid.
To me, they probably, it's totally skewed as far as what they ask the questions and
stuff.
Do you look as good as this character?
Well, fuck no I don't because I'm not, you know, a fictional character that can, you
know, for example, like women and stuff, this character, obviously the physics of her body
don't exist in the real world.
It's like, come on!
It's retarded.
Absolutely retarded.
And I don't think there's anyone that goes and plays a game of, like, I don't know, Conan
or something like that and then goes and cries because their body is, like, you know, pathetic
compared to that.
Well, you know, I don't want to look like some of these, you know, big guys because
I don't want to be addicted to steroids and crack.
Although I do have to say, though, playing games with lots of guns makes me want to own
guns.
So there is, you know, that correlation.
I wouldn't say that because there's a lot of people out there that are going to use
that, you know, like, oh, it just incites violence.
See this guy on this radio show says now he wants a gun because he plays games with guns.
So he's going to go shoot.
I bought another one, actually.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
G36C.
So now I've got that to go along with my shotgun and my P90.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, and my high kappa 51.
Wow.
It's a hobby that I really shouldn't be getting into.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm reading some comments from chatroom message.
J100Matt says, did the N64 just get released in Kansas?
Apparently.
I don't know.
This story had to have butchered something.
Kazowm.
I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing that.
Kazowm says, I bet every woman wishes they could jiggle their boobs like that.
Probably a referencing dead or alive.
I would think that would hurt.
You know, I've never had boobs and I don't really want to, but I would think that if
you jiggle them a lot, like it would really start to hurt because if I were to try and
jiggle my balls, that would probably hurt after a little while.
Does it hurt if you run naked?
No, it feels quite free.
Well, I don't know.
Let me try.
Wow.
They were playing the old game.
I thought it might have been a mistype or something like that, but it's actually WWF.
I mean, WWF hasn't been around for a while now.
I know.
I know.
This is amazing reporting done.
Yeah, but if you've played one of those wrestling games, you've played them all, they're all
pretty much exactly the same.
So that's probably all they could afford with our dying economy in Kansas.
In between the ramen.
And all that.
Nice.
Seriously, just rent a game.
I mean, god.
It's like, this is 64, what is this?
I don't remember that.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Sorry.
Bresloll is in chat, a co-host of Saturday Night's Understation Live here on All Games.
He's screaming, Photoshop robs balls.
Why would you want to do that?
Why?
Why would you even suggest that people do that?
Unless you're talking about playing pool and billiard balls.
That's okay.
Or beach balls.
Maybe I'm going on a trip to the beach, I need a beach ball.
Or I'm at Walmart and I'm standing in front of one of those big cages full of balls and
I'm trying to undo the thing at the bottom so that they all roll out onto the floor.
That's okay.
But whatever you're suggesting is not okay.
Because we all know billiards is gay.
Anyhow.
Shoutout.
You have to like knocking around some balls.
Who doesn't like to knock around some balls once in a while?
Hey!
Let's move on with some gaming news.
Well, for those of us who are Xbox owners and are really enjoying the whole, you know,
Avatar thingy that's going around, there's some new accessories to be coming out.
Actually different Avatar clothing.
Your phone talks funny!
Sorry, I'm yelling at Sauce.
Her phone just went off in the studio.
Well, there's basically a rave pack that's going to be coming out.
For the boys, there's a pixel art hoodie, a rave baseball cap, pink sweatbands, green
skinny fit jeans, and dark purple jeans.
I'm sure that you can't use that for the girls.
For the girls, there's a green chunky ring, a red chunky ring, yellow fingerless gloves,
blue fingerless gloves, chunky beaded bracelet, dayglo zebra print pumps, and a rave baseball
cap and none of that sound.
Now you can have your very own rave on your Xbox!
The boys' stuff sounds better.
Fuck a bunch of that.
Let's see.
So which one of those clothing items gives me the ecstasy?
I know, Leo Shannon Chat says, I want to know when the ecstasy pills are going to come with
the clothes.
That's the pixel art hoodie.
Kazaam in chat, I was going to say Kazaam because there's too many vowels, says you
can't actually make them not look gay.
I'm not sure if I should take offense to that or not, but whatever, it was funny.
Alright.
Yeah, I mean, seriously, there's a clear difference between gay and rave.
Well, at a rave, everyone's kind of gay.
I don't know if you've ever actually been to a rave, but like, come on.
A cuddle room, Loki.
A lot of raves have a cuddle room, where everybody, you know what they do?
They cuddle.
All night.
That's kind of gay.
Well, yeah, several of your parties have a cuddle room.
They want to grow, but I'm gay, so it's understandable.
Yeah, they want to group the easy chicks, and they're all high on ecstasy, so...
Why not?
Alright.
I know.
Everybody's happy when they're on ecstasy.
Alright, let's move on with some more news, please, before we get letters from angry parents.
Square Enix is bringing their next epic game to Xbox Live Arcade.
Will it feature Cloud or possibly any other Final Fantasy characters?
No, because it's not an epic game, and it's a puzzle game instead.
It's Yossaman Live will be coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
The game kind of looks a little bit like Bejeweled, except you're supposed to be making triangles
out of the characters.
And it looks like everything has frowny faces on it.
So it's one very unhappy puzzle game.
Except all the other creatures under the sea here, it looks like they have smiley faces.
Why does everything have to have faces is what I want to know.
What do you do?
Is the part of the puzzle putting faces together or something?
No, you actually create triangles.
It's like instead of making four in a row, it's making a triangle.
If everything didn't have faces, you wouldn't want to punch it.
Good point.
Good point.
You know, I'm starting to feel a little self-conscious because the smile on the block is better than
mine, and I might have to go see a counselor because of that, because I'm having issues.
Body image issues from Yossaman Live.
I want my hair to be as spiky as Cloud's.
I'm having issues.
But apparently they're going to have this game come out also on the PlayStation Network
at some point as well.
But right now it's been confirmed for Xbox Live Arcade because there's a shot that shows
achievements.
So that's their hypothesis, I guess.
I'm sorry, here's the comment of 2009 in our chat room right now, and I can say that because
we're only, what, like four days into 2009?
SSJ100Matt says, the cuddle room is like the champagne room.
There's no sex going on.
Funny.
Alright.
Anyhow, hey, Lips download content, Lips, because, you know, Dark Sakura wants to download
more songs for Lips, but actually these songs, wait, these songs might actually get her into
it because these are pretty cool songs.
Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes, Be Good Johnny by Men at Work, and Let's Groove
by Earth Wind and Fire.
No.
Okay, failed.
Well hey, if you want to download the songs and try it for yourself, they're between 160
and 180 Microsoft points apiece because I guess they have variable prices in Lips.
I didn't know that.
I don't have Lips.
It's the one karaoke game I don't have yet.
It came a little late to the party, pun intended, and I've already dumped a bunch of money on
SingStar, but I imagine someday I'll probably have to pick it up.
There's going to have to be a really good song that comes on download that I just can't
get on SingStar.
Well, here's what you can do.
You can import any other song that you want since you can import any MP3 into it.
But I would imagine, I haven't seen it in action yet, but I would imagine that stuff
works kind of wonky.
Yes, and here's what I want to see.
I want to see someone import in Max 300 or something like that and see how that works.
Because that would be funny.
There are no lyrics to Max 300.
That's why it's funny.
That's the whole point.
That's the only song that Matt would sing in karaoke anymore.
No, I wouldn't sing it at all.
I'd just be curious to see how it works.
Seriously, like Orange Lounge Radio, if nothing else, this show has accomplished single-handedly
destroying karaoke for Loki, and he'll never sing it again.
Can't really destroy something that wasn't ever really built up in the first place.
I see.
All right, anyhow, check it out if you want.
Well, there is a reward, I should say, or maybe a gift, but there is an Xbox 360 military
appreciation bundle.
I'm sorry, that's incorrect.
It's an appreciation bundle.
A what?
Appreciation bundle.
A typo on the damn page.
Oh.
No, it's a typo on the damn box.
Oh.
Oh my god, it is a typo on the box.
Wow.
But you want to know what's even more hilarious about this?
Sorry, go ahead.
First of all, first of all, it's $299.95, and it's the pack that comes with Lego Indiana
Jones and Kung Fu Panda, but they also sold this at Best Buy for the same price.
But they include Blue Dragon now.
No, the one we bought was the same thing.
So they're basically unloading all their excess copies of Blue Dragon that didn't sell?
I don't know.
Well, no, there's no Blue Dragon in this pack.
This is the same one that Best Buy was selling for Christmas.
I'm looking at the dog tag in the corner, and sure enough, military appreciation.
Oh yeah, sorry, Blue Dragon is included with that one, sorry.
It was really tiny.
There you have it.
But still.
But what exactly, where does the money go to?
To appreciate them.
Is it going to a charity, or are they selling this in a particular area of Texas?
They're selling it on the military bases.
Yeah, it was the PX.
So it's a cheap marketing thing and nothing more.
It's no donation to a military society or a veteran's fund.
We want money.
Here, you're bored.
The end.
Interesting.
Yep.
It's not only do you get the Xbox 360 with three games, but you get another free game
that's worth 20 bucks.
If that.
Yes, but you don't pay any taxes on base, military personnel don't, so that's another
added incentive to buy it on base rather than off base, and if that's the cheapest one,
then why not?
I guess that's a good point, because tax can really add up on some of those multi-hundred
dollar purchases.
Good point.
Well, if you want to use your Xbox 360 over wireless internet, there aren't really that
many ways to do it.
Of course, the Microsoft route would be paying $99.99 for their wireless gaming receiver.
However, there are cheaper ways to do it, though.
One new way that's been pointed out by Popular Science is that you can actually download
a freeware program to use an outdated wireless router and use that as a wireless gaming receiver
as well.
And of course, that'll cost you whatever you can find for a cheap router for.
Or as I've been reading as well, you can actually use the original Xbox wireless gaming receiver,
which is under 50 bucks.
Interesting.
Or pretty much any wireless gaming receiver out there that's probably cheaper than $99.99.
Yeah, I paid $99.99 for my little wireless gaming receiver.
It's not an official Xbox one, but it's like a third party one that will also work with
my PS2, which is why I bought it.
But man, that was 100 bucks, just so I can use it.
One reason, one thing I will give props to the PlayStation 3 for, as hard of a time as
I've given that system in the past, I didn't have to set anything up.
Well, yeah, I had to go through a setup, but there was no wireless thing.
It has built-in wireless on it, like they all should.
Mine doesn't.
Really?
It's a 20 gig.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot they didn't all have that.
They also don't have the fancy memory card ports for, you know, pictures.
I don't think mine has that either.
I don't remember.
You don't either.
Yeah.
What do you use them for?
All right, anyhow, sorry.
I just thought I'd bring that up.
Anyhow, you know, a lot of us have those Xbox 360 HD drives, and we're not really using
them anymore.
I don't know about you guys, but I actually unplugged mine, because I have maybe like
seven movies.
I'm broke.
I don't even really watch them.
Yours broke?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, what happened to it?
It does some...
I wasn't there when it happened, but it's doing some sort of error thing that we can't
watch our movies on there, and a particular certain person that I married hasn't bothered
calling to get it replaced, so.
Well, if you really want a new one, I mean, they're only like 20 bucks at Fry's right
now, I think.
They went so far down in price.
I don't know.
Well, here's the thing, though, is that actually I guess what you can do...
I don't know if this is just the HD DVD player, or if you do this with the actual Xbox 360.
No, it's the HD DVD player.
Okay.
Basically, you break it apart, and you can take the blue diode out of it, and you hook
it up.
They showed it basically hooked up to a laser sight on a gun, but pretty much anything that
has a laser emitting diode.
You can make your own burning laser out of it.
Yes.
Like a shark with a freaking laser beam on its head.
You can actually make your own.
Shark not included.
Yeah, basically, you take the diode out, and you build this really small chip that goes
with it, and you hook that up, and voila, a burning laser that can pop balloons and
burn paper.
Can it melt faces?
If it can't melt faces, it's worthless.
It might hurt if you leave it on someone's face for a while, but I don't know if it can
melt faces.
Ow, ow, that hurts.
Get that dot off my head.
Ow, ow, ow.
Just as a disclaimer, please do not try a LASIK surgery at home by yourself using your
HD DVD drive.
Orange Lounge Radio does not endorse you actually doing this.
It's just kind of cool that you can make a face-melting laser out of your Xbox 360.
And if you don't want to break apart your HD DVD drive because of the single-melting
value or anything like that, you can either buy your own burning laser, or you can buy
a laser diode for 50 bucks.
Shahranden Chat says, laser cats can be a reality.
I would not give this to my cat.
Take it to her head.
I would come home and it would look like a BB gun army ran through my house.
The house would be on fire, for real.
Do not give this to a cat.
If you give this to a cat, you're beyond an idiot.
They're staring at the birds outside and saw, boof.
Ah, yes.
All sorts of awesome.
You come home and the fish tank's boiling.
I don't think that happened, but yeah.
Something to that effect.
The fish would be dead, her food would be toasty, the birds would be on the ground missing
feathers.
Pew, pew, pew, mew, mew, mew.
Sorry, can I look at this video really quick that was posted of somebody actually using
the laser gun?
I'm looking at it here.
I don't know if there's any...
Oh, there's no sound here.
Yeah, he's basically just...
James Bond's weapon of choice, the Walter PPK.
We're not going to use the real gun, but a high performance semi-automatic CO2 version.
To make it burn, we need an Xbox 360 HD DVD drive.
Let's take a...
Yeah, I don't know where this video comes from, but I see a little logo for a break
in the corner, so we'll just leave it at that.
Is there like an embed thing?
I don't know what hell the site this is, so whatever, we'll just play the rest of it.
The side panel snaps off and reveals some hidden screws, so you'll get to work and remove
all of them.
After popping off the cover, it's time to get rid of some more screws until the DVD
drive is screwed up.
Okay, I want to see them burn stuff.
I don't care about the whole process.
We're boring.
Now the laser assembly gets attached to the Walter.
The new 007 laser weapon easily burns through electrical tape, pops a balloon, and also
lights matches.
The world's first 007 laser weapon, Burning Blue.
Oh my god, if I were still smoking cigarettes, which I don't encourage anyone to do because
it's very addicting and I quit, but if I were still smoking cigarettes, what an awesome
way to light my cigarette.
Hold on guys, I gotta get my gun to light my cigarette.
Actually they had lighters that looked like little guns, but they just had fire instead
of lasers.
Anyhow.
Oh wow.
Sorry, just had a dream.
I was a super spy for a minute with all these kinds of cool gadgets.
But yeah, I won't be getting one of these anytime soon because I'm sure there's laws
against it.
However, there are some cool new games I could be getting pretty soon, but I'd have to travel
to Europe to get some of these games, right DarkSakura?
Actually no, nothing.
Nothing?
There's nothing I can buy?
Nothing on the list.
Well then I guess I get my laser.
Not until the 16th.
I guess I get my laser.
Do we have any releases in the US?
Yes, there are some crappy releases coming through the US.
The first being Paws and Claws Pampered Pets for the Nintendo DS.
Man, that's an ugly looking picture there with chihuahuas and ugly cats.
They're all ugly characters.
Paws and Claws Pet Resort, the same game but now on the Wii.
Bigfoot Collision Course on the Nintendo DS, no pets involved with that one.
Elibits, The Adventures of Kai and Zero on the DS, the sequel to the cool 3D game and
now this is more like Pokemon.
Moon is coming out from Mastiff on the Nintendo DS.
Fishy Master World Tour on the Nintendo Wii.
Jumble Madness, another fun puzzle game on the DS.
And let's see here.
Neighborhood Games on Nintendo Wii.
Personal Trainer Math from Nintendo, because Nintendo thinks you don't know math.
Can I interrupt these shitty games with a funny chat room comment?
Sure.
I mean as much as I'm sure our listening audience cares about all these fucking math games,
this is just too funny because you know we're a little bit delayed so sometimes our comments
on the previous story take a little while to run through chat so a comment on the whole
laser thing.
Shahran in chat says, imagine holding up a convenience store with that.
Give me the money or I'll fucking laser your face.
Horse Launch Radio does not condone these actions.
You could brand somebody with a laser.
Okay sorry Loki, continue telling us about the edutainment titles aplenty coming out
this week.
No that's actually it.
Oh okay, good.
Alright then let's talk about- What, no Jazz Jackrabbit?
Alright.
Let's talk about Japan and what you can look forward to over there.
And actually it's a lot of price release, or price reductions, at least on the Xbox
360.
Kingdom of Fire, Circle of Doom, and Trusty Bell, which is our eternal sonata, they are
both getting price reductions this week over in Japan, so enjoy those.
PlayStation 3, nada coming out this week, you gotta wait till the 15th for anything
coming out over there.
Fallout 3 makes its debut on the 15th, you have that to look forward to.
On the PlayStation 2, nothing, on the DS, nothing till the 15th, and it's probably the
same story on the PSP as well.
So that's really it, unless you want some price reductions, there is a Mobile Suit Gundam
game on the PSP, Giron no Yabu, Axis no Kaiyui gets a price reduction, that's it.
So it's the week of sales in Japan, otherwise no new stuff till the 15th.
Well then how about just a little something else?
How about it?
Um, stuff.
And nonsense.
And download content!
Horse armor?
What the hell?
You know, like Oblivion had the horse armor?
Ah, forget it.
Forget it.
Anyway.
Um, for the fans of Guitar Hero World Tour, there is a downloadable content, um, dated,
it actually will be coming out, um, January 2009, at some point eventually.
So let's go ahead and go by the date.
So there will be, um, actually this should already, um, be out as Use Me by Hinder, Because
of You by Nickelback, and Light It Up by Revtheory, um, on the 8th, there is, um, a, uh, Country
Rock Track Pack, which is Me and My Gang by Rascal Flats, Tix by Brad Paisley, and Hillbilly
Deluxe by Brooks and Dunn.
Um, there's also, um, on January 15th, there will be Three Songs by Travis Barker.
Um, the 22nd of January, there will be, um, Tomorrow by Silverchair, Dimension by Wolf
Mother, and Out of the Way by The Vines.
And then on the 29th, we have, um, uh, Oasis, um, with the full, uh, Dig Out Your Soul album,
and, um, yeah.
The album is going to be, um, 1,520 Microsoft Points, um, or, um, $18.99 from the PlayStation
Store.
I was gonna ask if that was the first full album for Guitar Hero, but I guess it's not,
because they had the Metallica one, Death Magnetic came out, the full album, when the
CD came out, right?
Yeah, it's not the first album that they've had, they've had a few.
Oh, okay.
Hmm.
And Metallica's infinitely more awesome than Oasis.
Uh, yeah, I'd say so.
So.
Interesting.
Um, some other cool stuff that's coming out on the other music game platform, Rock Band.
Um, the January lineup has been leaked out, as they seem to always happen, um, to do.
Of course, we already knew that Roy Orbison was getting a download pack, um, they're gonna
be six tracks available there.
Claudette in Dreams, Mean Woman Blues, Oh Pretty Woman, Ooby Dooby, and You Got It.
Um, then also, um, there will be a Lenny Kravitz pack, with, uh, Are You Going My Way, Freedom
Train, Let Love Rule, and Mr. Cab Driver, and then finally two tracks from the Steve
Miller band The Joker and Space Cowboy.
See I think there's like one track in each of those packs you mentioned that I would
want to get.
Like, I don't think I can possibly be a guitar playing gamer and not want to get Lenny Kravitz
Are You Gonna Go My Way, because that song is all kinds of awesome, um, even though I
know it's in Guitar Hero World Tour but I still don't own that, I should get that at
some point.
Um, but I also want Pretty Woman and I want, um, The Joker.
So that's pretty awesome.
Yeah.
You said I don't really want the packs, I just want the one song from each pack.
Forget it.
Anyhow, let's talk about someone who's stupid, but we actually can't give this person a stupid
award because there's someone even dumber we're going to talk about later in the show,
so just imagine what it's going to take to top this, but, uh, just more of an FYI to
all of you people out there in the world, please do not actually take your credit card
and, uh, put it in a Wii.
Now keep this in mind, because the first thing I thought when I heard this, I'm like, bullshit,
somebody's doing this as a joke, this is coming from a forum, so, uh, you know, take it with
a grain of salt, okay?
Um, however, apparently somebody posted on this forum, um, their neighbors actually got
a Wii for Christmas, there was no games, but they got a classic controller and a nunchuck
combo and a case and all that stuff, and, uh, so they were asking the kid for recommendations,
they recommended Animal Crossing City Folk, Wario Land Shake It, Mario Kart Wii, and Super
Mario Galaxy, those are all good recommendations, I think, uh, and then said to go on and get
some virtual console games like Super Mario World and Sonic 2, uh, so the mom said, asked
what virtual console is and da da da, and the kid said, all you have to do is put in
your credit card when you're prompted to on the shop channel.
So what does she do?
She actually tried to put three credit cards into the disc slot.
What a fucking moron.
That's why I'm like, nobody can really be this stupid.
Can they?
Really?
Really?
Can you go back to like those horror stories from tech support where somebody called, you
know, like saying that they accidentally snapped off the, uh, uh, cup holder on their computer,
which was actually the CD-ROM drive?
You've lived it, Drew.
Drew, can you, is this possible?
Do you think this level of stupidity is actually possible, Drew?
It is both possible and rampant.
Why?
Why do people actually think that?
I mean, doesn't the screen make it pretty clear that you put in your credit card number?
There are people out there who do not touch half the buttons on their TV remotes because
they think we'll make the TV explode.
I am teaching.
Maybe they need those buttons.
I do not push else explosion.
I am teaching certain family members to use the digital cable guide as we speak.
Hey, wait, wait a minute though.
I will say Comcast system is pretty screwy that that does take a class or two to learn
how to use.
You need a college degree to be able to navigate that.
It's not TiVo, Drew.
I've never used TiVo.
It's happy face and frown face.
No, thumbs up and thumbs down buttons to rate things.
I mean, a four year old could figure it out, I hope.
But Comcast?
Kind of crappy.
Kazaam in chat, or Kazaam in chat, the name I can't pronounce tonight, says, once my friend
was at work, this woman came in and was buying a Playstation 3 game, and she was asking him
will it work on her VCR.
Well, ma'am, do you have a beta?
So I don't know.
Apparently this is what it looks like if you actually put your credit card in the Wii is
that then suddenly your system will have a lot of lines going through it and it's unable
to read a disk because there's no actual disk in the system, just a jammed credit card.
Congrats.
God.
I don't know.
I kind of call bullshit, but it's a funny story nonetheless.
You know somewhere someone's tried to do it, but what's happened here is that somebody's
actually recorded it.
Anyhow, let's talk about something a lot more relevant and something the smart people do.
And what smart people do is that they go and they try to explore their gaming's history
and play some obscure video games they may not have before.
And Dark Sakura, well, heck, she's one of the smartest and she's here to pick.
She's the most smartest, in fact.
And she's here to pick a video game for you to play this week in a segment we call The
Classic Game of the Week.
So what should the kids play this week?
The Classic Game of the Week was suggested to me by Sauce.
I see.
So this is a saucy way to kick in 2009.
Captain America and the Avengers.
Yay.
This game is classic.
Side scrolling, beat em up action with cheese ball voice acting and wonderful background
music.
Let's just have some of this background music.
Can we, Rob?
Well, maybe after the story part.
Anyway, you get to play as one of four of the Avengers, either Captain America, Iron
Man, Hawkeye, or Vision, which why Vision is all white and not green and red, like Christmas
is beyond me.
It could just be graphical limitations at the time.
But you could actually either play a four player cabinet or a two player cabinet.
You just have to change it on the board itself.
That's pretty cool.
And you get sound effects, like in old comic books.
You get black, wham.
Or 60s Batman.
Yeah, or 60s Batman.
I grew up on this frickin' game.
I remember playing it at Pizza Hut when I was six.
No, it's great.
It's the reason I went out to eat Pizza Hut, because the pizza certainly sucked.
I went there to play Captain America in the frickin' event.
Oh no, don't go to Pizza Hut and expect to get pizza.
Oh no.
Anyway, you actually fight different, you know, your bosses, which will be Klaw, the
Living Laser, Whirlwind, the Wizard, the Grim Reaper, the Mandarin, Juggernaut, Ultron,
Crossbones, and the Red Skull.
You also get cameos by other Avengers, which, was Namor ever an Avenger, because it says
he's in the game.
I don't think he ever really was one.
He was by hanging around sometimes, and shouting imperious ones.
Anyway, but you had Wasp, Quicksilver, and Wonder Man.
Is Samuel L. Jackson in it?
No, this was before.
This was before Ultimates.
I see.
This was David Hasselhoff era.
Unfortunately, while the arcade version was great, the console ports really sucked.
That's what I was getting to.
The game was put out by Data East, and they released the Genesis version, and after that
it was licensed to Mindscape, so there was a port to the Super Nintendo, the Game Boy,
and the Game Gear.
There was also an NES version, where you could only play as Captain America and Hawkeye,
and you had to save Vision and Iron Man from the Mandarin.
Which was kind of like playing Bionic, and it was actually supported, had this map set
up like Bionic Commando.
Yeah, it was a platformer.
Yeah.
It kind of sucked, too.
Oh yeah, because Mandarin would so be able to do that.
Well it-
As if.
Shock.
At any rate, another bit of fun trivia is that the North American version of the arcade
machine, when your character dies, instead of saying continue, or like, America still
needs your help.
That's the part I remember about this game.
Even I played this game when I was younger.
I wasn't six.
I was a little bit older, but a little bit.
But I do remember that when you would die, America still needs your help.
Yeah.
It's a really lame- I can't move!
It really tries to guilt you when they continue playing.
Like if you don't put in another quarter, you are a terrorist.
Basically.
Well, clearly that line was removed from the Asian-European versions.
Dear Data East, make more pinball.
Where's our Avengers pinball?
The end.
Alright, so there it is, your classic video game of the week.
Captain America and the Avengers.
Please note- Sounds like a bad band.
Specifically though, here are the arcade versions, not the console versions, which are a little
bit shit.
A little bit.
There you have it.
Your classic video game of the week.
So that's going to be a hard one for the kids to find, because you know, we would never
endorse downloading ROMs and playing them on emulators.
Oh no no.
No, we've never used MAME in our lives.
So you're going to need to find a Pizza Hut near you that still has this game.
So good luck with that.
Let us know what you find.
Alright, so that's going to do it for this part A of our show, but hey, we still have
plenty more, including, including hello tonight, we are going to play Match Game.
That's right, tonight we're going to play Match Game and give away some prize.
Are we going to tell them what the prize is that we're giving away tonight, or are we
keeping it a secret, or what are we doing?
We will tell you right after the break.
Oh ho ho, good tease, alright.
So we'll tell you right after the break, so stay tuned.
See the podcast listeners though, they're not going to have to wait at all, except then
again they don't get to play either, because the game will be done by the time this is
the podcast feed.
Sorry guys.
I promise there will be a contest you can do very soon.
Anyhow, let's take a break, we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, January the
4th of 2009.
I'm very happy because I'm eating ice cream, Dark Soccer and Tiara Rara, or Sauce, brought
ice cream tonight for us, and it's like the slow churn kind, so it's actually not that
bad as far as fat goes either, so that made me very happy.
Thank you both for thinking of that.
Good.
Now do we get to talk about our fabulous prizes tonight.
The chat room, you see the podcast listeners just mere seconds had to wait, but the folks
in chat, they've had to wait like 20 minutes, because we had such a long break tonight because
of ice cream, to figure out what they're playing for tonight, so yeah.
And Dark Knight in chat says, I hope you guys get brain freezes, but what is the fabulous
prize you're going to play for tonight?
Well tonight I have brought the prize, it is a $25 Amazon gift certificate.
Wow, that's like a DS game right there, alright, very nice.
So is this courtesy of AvengersTower.com?
Sure, why not.
I figured you guys have given Xbox related stuff out as prizes before, and some people
don't have Xboxes, or some people would rather spend it on other things, so Amazon gift certificate
kind of is whatever you want, you can spend it game related, or else whatever you want
to spend it on.
Alright, and our chat room is subsequently freaking out tonight, they're like, oh my
gosh, it's $25 tonight, so the stakes are high tonight in match games, so we'll have
a qualifying question later on, and then it will be the first person to get through on
Skype when I say, not yet, when I say, if you call now you're going to piss me off,
I'm not going to answer your call later, but when I say, we'll get to that a little later
in the show, and it's match game tonight, and not only is it match game, it's epic match
game, because there's five questions instead of the usual three, because we do have a big
prize on the line tonight, so yeah, $25, there you go, and yeah, so sorry, those of us here
in the studio can't win, I know as much as you want to win, you got to give it to a listener.
Alright, Kazam and Chat says, that's like two euro, sad but true, sad but true.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some gaming news before we get to the fancy prizes, big
money, big prizes, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Alright, sweet, well, there's, I think we talked about this last week, there was some
new Sega games, or I should say older Sega games, that were getting new ESRB listings,
and one of those actually, that wasn't quite part of one of the ESRB listings, but it's
been re-registered by Sega for another trademark, would be Choo Choo Rocket.
Apparently on December 22nd, Sega USA has a re-registered Choo Choo trademark as one
of many Dreamcast titles to get, I guess, remade.
Some other trademarks that have been re-registered as well, Sonic Shuffle, Cosmic Smash, Jet
Grind Radio, Virtual On, and now Choo Choo Rocket.
That's interesting, I wonder what that means, it might actually be possibly coming out on
Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and WiiWare, as people seem to think.
Awesome, I guess if you're a huge fan of Choo Choo Rocket, I don't know, I was never that
big on Choo Choo Rocket, but I'm hoping this means, I'm hoping that maybe some other big
games will come out, thanks to this, so we'll see.
Alright, sorry I'm laughing, because if I sound like I'm laughing, it's because I am,
because I really shouldn't do this, but I send private messages during the show, and
whatever, I know Jamie does it too, so we're all chatting and whatever during the show,
so sometimes I send funny things, so that's why I'm laughing.
Loki, do you talk to anyone else while the show's going on?
No.
Oh.
Loser.
I was talking to Drew, but now I'm done.
You were talking to Drew?
Yeah, I was IMing him with my phone, but now I signed out, because it's too hard to text
IM.
You guys are sitting literally mere feet away from each other, you could write on a paper.
We did this the other night, because I sent something to her on Twitter, and then I was
like, wait, she was right behind me.
Or, and I guess I'll say this now, I was going to kind of leave it a secret until we come
back from vacation and I actually have it hung up, however, the studio got a new present
this week, thanks to Rama, sent us right over here, this whiteboard, and you might remember
why we, I love this, we say something random on air and suddenly it shows up in my mail,
we had talked about in the garage, hanging up in the big blank spot we have, a whiteboard
to keep our issues that we have with, I think it was GameStop at the time, but I'm thinking
maybe just our issues we have with various gaming companies we can actually write up
there on the board, so we will actually have a whiteboard come the return of, come the
return of, and I believe we'll also have a camera, finally, again next week, to actually
show the board with, so, we'll talk more about all the stuff, we'll see, we'll see, anyhow,
hey, Q Games, talking on the Playstation blog this week about some games that are coming
out in 2009, they are pixel junk titles, two or three of them, apparently, are coming out
this year, one of them has already come out, that was Pixel Junk Monsters for the PSP,
however, who knows what the others could be, although, you know, if you believe what you've
seen on Spike TV lately, there was skiing, fighting, and so on, so you can probably imagine
there's going to be a pixel junk about some other type of genre you've probably already
seen before, but, of course, one of the last games we got from them was Pixel Junk Eden,
which was kind of like random, so who knows what it's going to be, I do not play this
series an awful lot, but I know it's one of the few exclusive series they've got going
on right now, right, Logie?
Which one, though?
Pixel Junk?
Yes, it is one exclusive series that they have going on.
Have you ever played it?
I have not played these games personally, so I don't know a whole lot about it.
I thought there was another one, like a Pixel Junk Racer game, as well.
I think there is.
Yeah.
I don't know, I haven't really touched any of them, but remember, lately, you know, up
until about a couple weeks ago, I didn't realize that, you know, I couldn't just spend the
exact amount on the PlayStation Network for things, although I still don't see myself
playing a lot of stuff on the PlayStation 3, so, uh, I'm a little hesitant to buy stuff
like Pixel Junk games, just because I have so many Xbox Live Arcade games that I don't
play, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I hear you.
All right, well, just thought I'd check.
All right, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Jamie?
Well, this is, I guess, a matter of debate for several people.
They're saying that collectible games are losing their value because of digital re-releases,
especially if, you know, go look on Amazon, not on Amazon, but on eBay, for a lot of these
titles, people are just not getting the money that they used to be able to get for them.
For example, um, uh, Ikaruga, um, was, uh, $75 for the Dreamcast version, $45 for the
GameCube version, um, when they both came out on Xbox Live Arcade, uh, the games went
to $5 to $15, um, really, I honestly, I'm not really, I don't really care that much.
This is good news for me.
You collect a lot of video games, you have some obscure fucking shit in your house, so
if anybody's gonna be pissed off, I'd imagine you'd be.
Why?
I have these games because I want to play the originals on the original system.
If they go down in price, that means I can go buy them a lot easier than I would have
been able to before, and I can hook up my Turbo Duo and freakin' play these games.
Sapphire got re-released in Japan, you know, I could play it on, on PSP if I wanted to,
but I still want to have the Turbo, the, actually I need to have a system that will support
an arcade card, but I'd really love to play it on Turbo Duo, or on, I should say, PC Engine
Duo, um, it, I don't really care so much about them being re-released, because the whole
reason, now I was, I was kinda giddy for a little while about my version of, about having
Dracula X, when, ooh, $300, I got it for $100, ooh, and, and then I was like, but, really,
the whole reason I wanted the game was to play it, because it's a fun game, and if it's
being re-released, that means that, you know, more people can actually get a chance to play
the, the fun shit that I have.
Like Suikoden this week, or Castlevania Chronicles.
Well I don't really give a crap about Suikoden, sorry.
Castlevania Chronicles?
Yeah.
Okay.
But I mean, it's, it's, it's just, it's a game.
Why shouldn't they re-release it, especially if they know people love it?
Why shouldn't they try to make money off of old franchises, seriously?
I have no problem with it.
Even though, ooh, you're not special anymore, ooh, you know, if you've got the original
game, and you've got the original system, and you can play said game on said system,
that's pretty special.
It's still kinda cool.
It's, it's pretty cool, I think.
I mean, you can, you've got the original experience in your hands.
You can fit, like, every Atari 2600 cartridge ever made onto one CD, probably, but it's
still, like, kinda cool when you actually see, like, an Atari 2600 system, and you actually
see, like, the cartridge for Sword Quest, it's kinda like, oh cool, I remember this
game.
We hook up our nests and blow in the thing all the time, just to, you know, it's the
same thing.
It's-
Rob, you could probably fit every single Atari 2600 cartridge onto one PlayStation 2 memory
card.
Probably, I wouldn't doubt it.
Six megs for all the ROMs.
Don't ask me how I know that.
How do you kn- never mind.
Well, at any rate, it's, it's a difference in experience.
You can play the game, or you could go back on the system, and that's why I had a big
problem with emulation for a little while, and it wasn't that I had a problem with people
ripping games and emulating them and this, that, and the other, it's the fact that I
really wanted to have the original game so that I could play it on my system and play
the game the way other people played the game, you know, you know what I mean?
Right.
And, so that's where I think the, the special part of it is, you know, is having it and
playing it, but seriously, if other people get to enjoy the game, I have no problem with
it.
If it makes it cheaper for me to get those games that I want, by all means!
You know?
Let's release more!
Now tell me, though, how many people have a, uh, Turbo Duo.
Mmm.
It still works.
You do.
I know.
And I love it.
But you know what?
If anyone wanted to play my Turbo Duo, I would bring it over.
As long as their house wasn't, you know, covered in dust that went up to my knees.
Very nice.
Your house is not that dusty!
My house?
Is it?
No, Andrew's over there making faces at me.
Oh.
I don't know.
Alright.
My car is very dusty.
It's probably dustier than your house.
My PlayStation 3 is really dusty, except in the area where the eject button and the power
button is.
It's like a dust magnet.
It's very interesting.
If I didn't dust ours, it'd be like that.
Yeah, it's pretty crazy.
You should put, like, that end dust on it or something, or, yeah, that would suck the
dust to it.
Let me, uh, read some comments from chat here.
Footy, I'm sorry, not Footy Monster, Act F says, uh, Collectors, Swap Meets are your
friends.
I speak for my friends' experience.
And my own.
I don't know.
Have you had a lot of luck at Swap Meets, Dark Sakura, in your collecting?
Every so often.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Hmm.
Well, um, I know when Mega Man 9 came out earlier this year, it was pretty much the
retro gamer's kind of dream game, um, especially, you know, perfect release for the, uh, Mega
Man series, kind of going back to the roots of, like, the earlier Mega Man games.
Well, it almost wasn't the case.
Um, actually, 1UP did an interview with the producer of Mega Man 9 and said, uh, they
had heard a bunch of, um, they were, management of Capcom was actually talking about doing
a 3D Mega Man game for Mega Man 9 instead, um, which is interesting, and says, um, you
know, they had heard lots of negative responses.
They thought that it would be better to make it 3D and that the 8-bit style will only appeal
to Mega Man fans, which would limit the sales potential, because it's all about money.
And eventually they figured out that 8-bit graphics were also cheap to develop, which
also made them money, so, yay!
I just, I mean, would it have been the 3D game, like, the Mega Man Legends you've always
been asking for, or would it have just been, like, just some shitacious arcade game?
I think it would be, like, the later Mega Man X games, where it's, like, 3D, 2D type
thing, um, which, you know, looking at Bionic Re-Armed, and, you know, Bionic Commander
Re-Armed wouldn't be all that bad, but it's just not, you know, Mega Man 9.
It would really depend, it would just really, really depend.
I still think they should go back and do some new Mega Man Legends games for the Wii.
I think it would be perfect, because the Wii can't really churn out anything, you know,
that fantastic, so, it should be able to handle some ports of PlayStation 1 games, and, hell,
I liked Mega Man Legends, I thought it was awesome.
Do you think there'll be a Mega Man 10?
Someday.
Someday.
I think Mega Man 9 did really well, so, uh...
Or will they just call it Mega Man X and then really confuse us, because, you know, there's
Mega Man 10 and now Mega Man X, it's just too confusing.
Uh...
How about Mega Man 9-2?
What happens when they get to Mega Man X-10?
Uh, too crazy.
Mega Man Triple X.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Isn't that already fan-fiction?
The love robots.
You have to kill Cock Man and Boob Woman.
Anyway, um, excuse me.
I can hear the show going down the toilet.
It must be that time for...
Stupid Award!
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the stupidest of them all?
Well, this week, it is a 17-year-old, and so, therefore, we don't know their name, because
it's some dumb kid, and this 17-year-old lives in Ohio, and what he did this week, he threatened
to commit suicide on an internet video game.
What game?
World of Warcraft.
That's right.
He paged a GM in World of Warcraft and told the GM that he was suicidal, that the game
is the only thing that he has to live for, and you might think, gee, Rob, that's pretty
harsh of you to give somebody who's suicidal a stupid award.
Well, uh, here's the whole thing.
It was a joke.
The kid did it as a joke, quote, to try and get what he wanted for the game.
So in other words, because he wanted his fat purple loots or whatever, he tried to threaten
suicide to try to get a sympathetic Blizzard employee, I guess, to give him free stuff
in the game.
I would've loved that.
Just me.
He'd be like, I'm going to kill myself for you.
Give me free stuff.
Yeah.
You go ahead and kill yourself.
I have the questions being asked where in Ohio.
I think that they're like, oh God, is this in my town?
Uh, it was in Middletown because it's being from the Middletown Journal.
Oh no, it's Fairfield.
Wait, wait.
Wait.
There's a sympathetic Blizzard employee?
Fairfield Township.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
There are no sympathetic Blizzard employees.
Actually, the one GM I talked to one time was really nice.
They said, uh, you know, my character's name is kind of funny.
I don't want to repeat it, but you have a funny character name.
They're like salutations and said my name and they even gave me a less than three, a
little heart.
It's a standardized greeting.
Oh, whatever.
You're a standardized greeting.
I talk to a lot of them.
Why are you like a, are you like a tattletale or something?
I'm a role player.
Oh God.
Oh God.
People love to fuck with me when I'm role playing with other people.
I see.
All right.
Well anyway, uh, by the way, just so you guys know, the kid was handcuffed and placed in
a patrol car.
Uh, the boy was, which Jamie is applauding.
The boy was then released to his father a little later, hopefully for some big spankings,
even though he's 17.
Somehow I don't think that would stop Jamie if it was her kid.
No.
If you were, if you were 17, if your 17 year old did this, would you spank them?
Yes.
Uh, by the way, the kid is going to appear in court on Tuesday, Tuesday, the sixth Butler
County juvenile court.
Wow.
It does.
It tells you practically where this kid lives in the story.
That's not good.
You can probably figure out who it is.
I'm not going to say it.
That's too much, but it's Billy.
Wow.
It's a first degree misdemeanor, by the way, for, uh, that whole thing.
But you know, as a Blizzard employee, they do, I mean, props to them for taking all the
claims seriously.
Cause you know, you never know, you know, if you've ever dealt with suicidal people,
suicidal people, they just want to talk to anyone that will listen.
And I could totally see that I bet Blizzard gets some of these that are legit and like
really sad and all that.
So it kind of sucks that there's this one asshole kid who has to take the whole thing
as a joke.
And it's also in their best interest to keep their clients alive so that they can pay their
money.
Besides just that low key.
I just want to say businesses like that or companies like that do take things like that
seriously.
Cause it's bad PR if they die in them.
Well, yeah, but a friend of mine actually, um, her, uh, friend's crazy boyfriend started
texting her about how he was going to commit suicide and all this stuff.
And uh, he was just crazy and they, uh, you know, he denied everything cause she called
the police cause she was worried about him.
She had all the text messages, they had phone records, you know, from all the calls and
everything and he got dragged off to the funny farm and that could have happened to that
kid.
You know, they could have said, well, if he's going to commit suicide, let's call the police
and have them take him to a mental institution for an evaluation.
And I'm not sure if that's better or worse than jail, but long story short, don't be
stupid and do things like that.
That's right.
You ever, you know, a 17 year old should have had the boy who cried wolf read to him when
he was, you know, five or younger.
Anyhow, there you go.
That sounds like a quest that should be in world of Warcraft cause they like parodying,
you know, all the fairytales.
I don't know.
They do like to parody a lot of stuff.
They have a parody of PETA in the game, which I thought was really funny.
Like if you get the blood of animals on you and then you try to run through this little
encampment, like they'll all try to kill you and call you names.
So it's kind of funny anyhow.
I would think that they would want to throw blood on you, you know.
That's not how it works.
Anyhow, let's get to the part of the show where you guys get to interact with us.
Not the skype line, but the other part.
The mailbag!
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at orangelaundrytrader.com and we like to read them here on the air.
So that's what we're going to do right now is allow you guys to get your emails read
on the show.
DarkSakura.
Well, we've only got three emails.
So the first one is from Cheeseburger.
Hi, O.L.R.
About a year ago while I was doing my math homework, I was listening to your wonderful
show when my math book pushed the PSP off the table and broke the screen.
I called Sony and even when it was still under extended warranty, they wanted $90 to fix
it.
Well, I thought, screw that, Sony.
And my PSP gathered dust for over a year.
Then I discovered the magic of eBay and got a new screen.
It's like buying a new PSP all over again.
So my question to you guys, and girls, is what games or UMD movies do you recommend?
I don't like sports games, but I do like RPGs, MMOs, FPSs, anything else that uses an acronym.
I'm sorry.
That was me.
Anything you guys like, pretty much.
I also have a few movies in one game, Medal of Honor Heroes.
Oh, and it's a PSP fap.
Also my DS has been gathering dust for longer than that, and it's working fine.
Any games we're checking out on that, yeah, for PSP.
Get Final Fantasy I and II for sure, if you like RPGs, those are pretty awesome remakes.
There's also the Metal Gear games that came out on that, the interesting little card games
that they were.
Patapon's kind of fun if you like little music games like that.
Ever extend extra?
Yeah, the Q games are fun.
I found your copy again.
Thank God, bring it back.
And I like Space Invaders Extreme was fun too, but I like those music-y type games.
As far as UMDs, if you can freaking find any, good luck.
Whatever movies you like, dude, don't let me tell you what movies you like.
Yeah, they're kind of hard to find, so good luck with that.
As far as DS goes, definitely in Castlevania Order of Ecclesia, Cooking Mama 2, Dracula
X Chronicles, that's for PSP.
Final Fantasy IV, if I'm going to be a Final Fantasy horror, why not?
Chrono Trigger is coming out, is out, on DS.
So you definitely, Animal Crossing, there's that.
Chatroom's recommending DJ Max if you're a music fan for PSP.
So there you go, just look online.
Good times.
Next email?
Yes.
Is, uh, Dear OLR, first of all, Happy New Year.
Here's to the year not resembling the intake valve of a commercial air compressor.
By that I mean I hope it does not suck nor seem designed to do just that.
Second, to all the Doctor Who fans in the OLR me, here's an article of interest.
New Doctor is the youngest ever, and yes, I have seen this.
The new Doctor is Tom Green.
Tom Green is the new Doctor.
Dear God, hell no.
Matt Smith is an actor I'm not too familiar with, but he is the youngest to ever play
the Doctor.
The second youngest was Peter Davison, who is the fifth Doctor.
And they've, if I'm right, they've actually already started filming for the 2009 series.
But oh well, I don't know too much about him.
If any of our listeners overseas know more about this guy, send me some of his stuff
so I can see what it is.
But yeah.
It says, thank you for your time, Hunter Red, Redertainment.
This message is brought to you by Zap Attack, insert cheap plug here.
There is some Doctor 11 hate going on in chat.
Brad from Pod Culture says the casting for Doctor 11 sucks.
I am saying this.
As much of a 10 fan girl I am, I think I'm going to give the guy a chance.
The only Doctor who was ever an awful Doctor was the sixth Doctor.
He was scary.
So to me, my favorite Doctor to date is still the fourth Doctor, you know, as much as I
love 10.
But I also sort of see that dividing line between series.
We won't even talk about the movie.
So in other words, we need to give the guy a chance?
Give him a chance.
Just give him one episode?
No.
To make it good?
Give him the season.
All right.
Give the guy a chance.
You don't know until you see them in.
All we are saying, give Matt Smith a chance.
Well, it's just my point is, is you really aren't going to know until you watch it with
an open mind.
If you watch it expecting him to suck, if you watch it looking for all the faults, you're
going to see them.
You're not going to enjoy yourself because you're going to be too busy sucking your.
He's not David Tennant.
And I wind.
I did wine.
My first day I wind.
But my opinion is sit back and watch.
You have to watch anyways, because at some point soon Patrick Stewart will be guest starring.
So that's that's definitely worthwhile.
I think that's probably during one of the special the filler specials next year or this
year rather.
I'm still stuck in last year, but that's still worth watching.
And I mean, just give it a chance.
I had actually never watched Doctor Who until recently.
And so I guess I'm not as affected by, oh, my God, they're changing him so.
You can get it in the Netflix instance download on 360.
I found out pretty cool.
I do have some on there, but I have the all eight seasons of Red Dwarf to go through first.
So.
Drew Nami is suggesting Loki is the 13th doctor.
You know, I don't think that will work because he's not.
I'm not a Doctor Who fan.
He's not very British.
But from what I'm understanding, the episode with Patrick Stewart on is actually going
to be an actual episode, but it's during David Tennant's run still.
They should just do Simon Pegg as the next doctor.
Simon Pegg has already been in an episode of Doctor Who.
But not as the doctor.
No, but he's been in an episode in there.
I would love Simon Pegg as the doctor, but they are very.
They're very continuity conscious.
I like the idea of Doctor Who being a woman or it was Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Come on.
I mean, she sold T-Mobile.
She could sell a TARDIS.
You know what?
I wish, and sorry, spoilers.
Who cares if Donna took over as the doctor?
John Cleese is the next doctor.
You know, now I, now I need to.
That would be awesome.
I need to see Doctor Who and the Curse of the Fatal Death, which is Rowan Atkinson playing
the doctor.
No, I need to.
You know who they should cast as the doctor?
Benny Hill.
Isn't he dead?
Exhum him.
Is Benny Hill dead?
Probably.
Bono is the next Doctor Who.
Now you've got me all curious if Benny Hill is dead or not.
All right.
He is.
All right.
Let's take our word for it.
All right.
Well, I don't know.
Make it like a Weekend at Bernie's thing.
All right.
Let's move on.
This show is getting depressing.
So moving on to the last email.
Christ, he died in 1992.
Where did Horace Hahn's radio bring you the late-breaking news?
Benny Hill just died.
Today is a tragic day.
Rob.
What?
You make me weep.
In my heart.
Well, I mean, I hadn't seen the guy in a while.
I kind of figured he was probably old and dead.
I mean, forget it.
Okay, there's people I haven't seen in a while.
Maybe they're old and dead.
Okay?
When was the last time you saw Molly Ringwald on TV?
I haven't seen my mother in a while.
Actually, I saw her on TV the other day.
So she's not old and dead.
My wife watches a lot of ABC Family and Lifetime.
Okay, what about Ally Sheedy?
Who's Ally Sheedy?
I haven't seen my mother in a week.
I hope she's okay.
Didn't you see the Breakfast Club?
Oh, I don't know any of their names.
She was the crazy girl.
Okay, but I don't know any of their names.
They're just people in the Breakfast Club.
Vidpower in chat says, rise from your grave, Benny Hill.
Raoul Julia is the next Benny Hill.
Tim Curry's still alive.
Tim Curry's still doing stuff.
He did spam a lot.
He will never die.
He's not old and dead yet.
He's just old.
And gay.
Next email!
Yes?
Hey guys, I have a question for Loki.
Hey, Loki!
This is AlphaKananagram.
Just curious.
Right now I'm opening my PSP 2001 Slim and Light comma comma comma and I have stripped
slash have almost stripped the head of one of the top two screws so now I can't try to
fix my D-pad.
Any suggestions on how to remove the screw or how to fix my D-pad?
It kept going either left or right and sometimes up or down sometimes if I barely touch right
it'll go left.
This is the first period he's used in the- sorry, the second period he's used in the
entire email.
Sorry y'all for the grammar.
Really in the bad situation at the moment.
That's no excuse!
Keep on going AlphaKananagram.
Sounds like a ribbon cable's looser and possibly some of the contacts are dirty.
I mean, shit, like my friend used to play with one of the 360s that we had and for some
reason his controller had all sorts of crap on it.
It was just like the dirtiest controller I've ever seen and his PSP is the same way.
I don't know if this guy like oozed out oil and crap or whatever but he did.
So yeah, it could be dirty.
So check that.
Otherwise, I don't know.
And as far as stripping the screw, hopefully you didn't because that would suck because
there's not really an easy way to get it out.
What I did with one of mine that was almost stripped is I just didn't put it back in.
Although you should be able to buy- I think they actually sell some of the replacement
screws online.
You can buy a kit of like all sorts of miscellaneous parts for the PSP so just buy that.
I replaced a shoulder button for one of my PSPs I think one time with kits similar to
that.
So that'd be the best way to go.
Oh and none of those faceplates, the clear ones, ever seem to fit properly which sucks.
Because I remember trying to put some of those on too.
The Rob D in chat is trying to say that since I haven't been on TV in a while I'm old and
dead and I'm young and fabulous.
Tell him that he's wrong.
WRONG!
And then Rama's trying to piggyback on top of that saying of course Skye would have the
rainbow colored coffin.
And I'm thinking, they have those?
If there is such a thing, Elton John's got one reserved.
Really?
Look, all I ask- This is the platform coffin.
All I ask- All I ask is to be buried with my ABBA albums, that's all I ask.
Anyhow- You mean the one ABBA album that you have that lives at my house that we haven't
given you yet?
Actual album?
Yeah.
You need to bring it over!
I want it!
I have that Bette Midler one too.
Give me my ABBA!
It's Supertrooper.
Supertrooper, beams are gonna burn- Alright, anyway.
Anymore emails?
No!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails.
But I think we're to that part of the show where maybe, just maybe, it's about time that
we give something away!
And we do the match game here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Woohoo!
Aren't we?
No.
I skipped ahead, false alarm, we'll get to the match game in just a little bit.
Live radio, wasn't that an ultimate tease?
I'm like, no we're not?
I might want to edit that later if I remember.
We'll see.
We'll pretend it didn't happen.
We'll just pretend that didn't happen.
Let's move on with some more gaming stories.
Alright.
Well, speaking of how the Playstation 3 was uber awesome in internet browsing, well, the
Playstation 3 has been used to break the internet as well.
In fact, a cluster of Playstation 3s, 200 to be exact, linked together, were able to do
the math to help decrypt the MD5 hash used in VeriSign.
So yes, if you have 200 PS3s lying around linked together, you too can crack supposedly
uncrackable encryption, hurrah.
So they're not really worried that anybody's going to crack this other than obviously this
research team, because really, who's sitting on 200 PS3s other than Sony?
Nobody.
Nobody.
There's all those other research labs, remember?
The ones that are actually trying to cure cancer?
Yeah, my PS3 cures cancer.
It's awesome.
Well, hey, I can't buy PS3 games at airports yet, but now you can buy, well, I guess I
might, but depending on the airport, I actually probably could, but now you can buy a Nintendo
DS and DS games in airports out of a vending machine.
Yeah, these vending machines are pretty high end, but you know, I guess we've seen these
types of vending machines before that have kind of the really uber expensive stuff.
Like I know they're in Vegas.
You see them, right?
Don't you see these things in Vegas, casinos and stuff, like iPods and all that stuff?
Well, now they have these fancy vending machines with expensive DS games and Nintendo DSs in
them.
Apparently, it's something that Best Buy is doing, and it's at a Best Buy Express vending
machine.
These things are at a couple of the different airports throughout the US.
Not only, though, should I point out that they sell the DS and DS games, they sell headphones,
chargers, and so on.
Now I want to point out, though, that if you've ever flown before, you'll know you actually
don't want to use the DS, though, during landing and take off.
It's bad.
And you could crash the plane and get- no, not really, but they'd get really angry at
you when you do that, so only use it when it's safe.
It's kind of neat that they have these sort of kiosks.
We did see one for Sony and stuff.
Unfortunately, there's also a chain of stores called- oh gosh, now I can't remember what
the name is.
Airtunes, right?
Not Airtunes, but it's- I don't remember what they're called anyways, but they have a chain
that's in every single airport that's out there right now, and they also sell the exact
same stuff, and in case you're worried about putting in your credit card and spending hundreds
of dollars on DS systems and stuff like that, and possibly getting stuck in this vending
machine-
That's what I was going to say.
What happens if the little thing turns and it doesn't fall out?
Can you imagine me sitting there shaking this vending machine with $100 worth of merchandise?
I'm sure there's alarms on it and all.
But you can actually go to the store and purchase these games face-to-face with people, so I
don't really see the point of why they have this in there, other than another place you
can buy the same shit.
Impulse Buy.
Mommy, I want one!
Gimme, gimme, gimme!
Leo Shen calls it a Super Plane Crasher DS.
Black Wolf says, now do the DS's come already charged, or do you have to charge it in the
airport before you get on the plane?
And Rama says his did come charged already.
Have the DS's come charged in the box?
From what I remember, my original DS, and I think my DS, I think I had to charge both
of those.
Did you?
Hahaha!
Sucks for them.
Yeah, because then how do you charge them before you get on the plane?
Of course, then, you know, airports, it's really easy to charge a laptop at an airport.
There's plugs everywhere.
Yeah, but you cannot have the convenience or time to do that.
And better yet, I mean, really, do you really want to buy electronics at an airport?
I mean, I can understand a game, you know, I bought headphones because my headphones
sucked because I had these stupid earbuds and I wanted something different, but, really,
a DS system, you're like, hey, you know, I really wish I had DS.
I think this is more for, like, gifts and stuff like that, like, crap, I gotta get my
son a gift, and I am stupid and didn't think about getting him anything.
Oh, hey, look, a vending machine, let me buy some useless crap.
Yeah, the problem is they also have porn in the airport, and that's very sad.
Well, because, you know, you shouldn't be looking at porn on a plane.
That's not going to crash a plane that does not interfere with their taking off or landing.
Yeah, but there might be children sitting behind you.
Screw the children.
No thank you.
Unless you're sitting in the very back row by yourself, then you can look at all the
porn you want.
Wait, wait, wait, if you get a, if you can, if they sell a PSP, you can look up porn on
the PSP, because we all know the PSP is a gateway to porn.
But you can't look at the internet while you're on a fucking airplane.
Ah, but you can put pictures and encode videos onto your memory.
All at the airport?
Yes, all at the airport.
Seriously.
If you're going to go to that extreme lengths of trouble just to look at porn, why don't
you just bring a Playboy on the goddamn plane?
And you know what else you could do, too, is use one of those TV devices that they had,
remember those wonderful TV devices that they don't sell anymore, that act like a projector,
and project it onto the ceiling of the cabin.
You have issues.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We have one more story before we get to match game tonight.
Well, I like Legos.
And I like Rock Band.
And there's a rumor going around that those are two great tastes that taste great together.
Tastes great.
Less filling.
Tastes great.
Less...
So, yeah, the rumor is that there is going to be a Lego Rock Band.
That's all I can say.
There's no confirmation.
There's a...
Some dude's uncle works for Lego and heard, right?
There's supposed to be a Lego title coming out.
But Lego Rock Band, dude, can't they find something...
I guess it's not the dumbest rumor I've ever heard.
Wasn't there a White Stripes video made completely out of Legos, if I remember right?
I think.
That's the only thing I could think of that could possibly tie into Legos and Rock Band.
This is bunk.
It's gotta be bullshit.
It's gotta be.
And you know why this is completely bunk?
Is because you have to understand the way they make Lego games.
For example, it's a specific chain of events.
You have the toy that they make first, then you make the video game.
Just like they've had, you know, I believe they have the Lego Indiana Jones toys.
I know they have the Lego Star Wars toys.
I know that they have the Lego Racer toys and stuff like that.
So the next logical step for me, and seeing as that the rumor is EA is going to be publishing
it would be Lego Harry Potter, because, you know, they need another Lego game, and that
makes perfect sense for me that they would be able to pump out two more Lego games based
around the Harry Potter movies, and they already have toys to go along with it.
So Rock Band wouldn't make any sense at all because there's no reason for them to buy...
Why would you even want to, I mean, you'd have to make special peripherals for it.
There's no Lego themed music to go along with it.
It would just be like a reskin of Rock Band.
It would be kind of crap, is what it would be.
It would be not kind of crap, it would be totally crap.
Tiger Claw is suggesting Lego Transformers would be another logical step.
But see, they don't have a toy for that.
Remember it's toy, then game.
It doesn't have anything to do with, you know, the game.
Like they're not going to just all of a sudden make, you know, Lego Halo or something like
that.
Unless they make Lego Halo toys first.
It's toy in game, because Lego's not going to just put their license out there unless
they have something to benefit from it.
Now you know what this has started in the chat room.
Now we have Frisbee says Lego of Persia, Bricks of Time, GS68 says BeatMania 2DX Legos, GS68
says Imagine Legos, Drew, even though he's sitting right behind me, says Lego Crisis,
Lego International Superstar Soccer, Lego on a Prayer, Lego Sonic the Hedgehog, Little
Big Legos.
Anyhow, now that's a good question from Kazam is what about the Lego MMO?
That's a good question.
Orange Lego Radio?
Alright, forget it, cooking Legos.
Alright, forget it.
Enough.
Stop.
Knock it off.
We have something much better to look forward to.
We are now going to play the match game.
Yes, I'm sure we're going to play the match game.
Tonight for the match game we have five fabulous celebrities joining us in the studio.
Say hello to the one and only Loki.
Hello and to Pod Culture in the, or Brad from Pod Culture.
There is no Lego Transformer toys.
There are Transformer toys, but not Lego Transformer toys.
Alright, whatever.
Also, say hello to Intern Drew, who is one of our other fabulous celebrity panelists
tonight.
Yo, what's up?
And also joining us, say hello to Dark Soccer on the celebrity panel.
And also on our celebrity panel tonight, Giggling Girl Sauce.
Giggling Gamer Geek Girls Unite.
Yay!
Activate.
Alright, and of course, also on the celebrity panel tonight, the most fabulous of them all,
me.
Alright, let's get to tonight's match game.
First off, we have nine people who caught my uber secret message in chat to send me
a tell to play, so if you wouldn't mind sauce, pick a number between one and nine.
Lucky number seven.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
The seventh person to send me a tell tonight was X-Link.
So X-Link is going to play from chat.
And I'm telling him to please stand by.
We'll need to explain the rules for match game while I open up the Skype line to the
first person to call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if
you want to play against X-Link for that $25 gift certificate.
Alright, somebody explain the rules of match game, hurry.
Dark Sakura.
We're reading a bunch of crap, and it ends, but it ends incomplete and you gotta complete
it.
With a word.
Or phrase.
Sorry, go ahead.
Like if I said, I went to the blank, you'd have to pick something.
And X-Link just told me he has no idea how to play, so this should be fun tonight.
You have to try and match what we are thinking.
Yes, you gotta match what we are thinking.
We're gonna send you something with a blank in it, and you tell me over private message
what you think should be in the blank.
Oh, and good luck.
Hurry up and go to YouTube and type in Match Game 76.
There's no time, there's no time.
We do have a caller on the Skype line.
Hi caller, who's this?
Hi, this is Ronma, aka DJ Ronma.
They're gonna say it's rigged.
They're gonna say it's rigged.
No way, he's got mad skills, and it's fitting he should be our first phone contestant of
the year.
He has a flaming finger when it comes to dialing.
So there you go.
Alright, now Ronma, do you know how to play Match Game?
Ronma, do you know how to play Match Game?
Why, yes I do.
Why yes you do, alright.
Can you explain X-Link how to play?
Damn it, I hosted a Match Game one time, I can't remember, oh god, I'm so sorry.
That's alright.
Fill in the blank with what you think we're gonna say.
That's the best way we can explain it.
Okay, so the winner tonight will get a $25 gift certificate to Amazon.com courtesy of
Avengers Tower, your favorite giggling game girl blog.
No, I shouldn't keep saying that because then people are gonna think that's really true,
but it's actually, it's irony because if you go read it, it's actually very well thought
out and very well done.
It's irony, it's a case of irony.
And the loser tonight gets their face melted off with an Xbox 360 laser gun, so don't lose.
Alright, sound good, Ronma?
Works for me.
Alright.
The whole chat room is yelling, rigged, rigged.
Do you have anything to say to the chat room before we begin tonight?
I'm sorry, I can't help but have the fastest internet connection in the chat.
Alright, oh snap.
Alright, here we go.
Question number one tonight.
Are you ready for question number one?
Now don't say the answer because we all have to write down here in studio and if you blurred
it out, then you automatically lose and get shot in the face with an Xbox 360 zapper,
okay?
Alright, so here is question number one tonight.
And XLink, you send me your answer over a private message.
Dark Sakura, as you know, no you're in the question.
Dark Sakura, as you know, doesn't like to sing in front of people.
She snubs SingStar and laughs at lips.
The whole reason for this is that she is waiting for the ultimate karaoke game called Sing
For Your Blank.
Dark Sakura is waiting for the ultimate karaoke game.
It's called Sing For Your Blank.
Everyone here in studio is trying to cook up an answer and just say ding when you're
done so I know you have it.
Dark Sakura burped.
Okay, ding.
I changed my answer last minute.
Ah, ding.
Ding and Tiara?
Alright, Tiara, ding.
I'm just waiting for our chatroom contestant to give an answer.
Rama, do you know an answer yet?
Yes, I do.
Ding.
Alright.
I'm waiting on our chatroom contestant, XLink.
Can you send me something?
I just typed hurry.
Okay, there we go.
We have an answer.
Alright.
Sometimes it could be the obvious answer, sometimes it's not obvious.
Alright.
The whole reason for this is that she's waiting for an ultimate karaoke game called Sing For
Your...
Rama?
Sing For Your...
Alcohol.
Sing For Your Alcohol, says Rama.
Our chatter, XLink, says she is waiting for the ultimate karaoke game called Sing For
Your Life, says the chatter.
Sing For Your Life.
Alright, DarkSakura, we'll start with you on this question.
Sing For Your...
We already have a match.
What is it?
I was gonna say booze.
Sing For Your Booze.
Oh my gosh, this game's super rigged tonight.
Rama already got a point.
Alright, well, let's see what happens.
Rama, you're on the board with a point.
Congratulations.
Sing For Your Booze.
We have a match.
Yay, match.
Yay.
That's amazing.
This is the first time in the history of this game, we matched on the very first answer
because we go through, we've gone through games and games where nobody ever matches
a goddamn thing.
This is epic match game tonight.
Sauce, she made a karaoke game called Sing For Your...
I think this will possibly count for a match.
I said Sing For Your Survival.
Please remove that shotgun from my head.
Sing For Your Survival.
Will we count it?
Yeah.
No, we're gonna count it as a match, yay.
So now it's tied up.
One for Rama.
One for X-Link.
Okay, Loki.
Sing For Your...
Life.
Oh!
X-Link pulls ahead with two.
Sing For Your Life.
Two to one.
I couldn't think of anything so, you know, that's the first thing that I came up with.
Alright.
Trying to be clever.
Drunami.
Sing For Your...
Guardian Legend Remake.
Guardian Legend Remake.
Oh, good, but not a match.
And I said, I don't think this is gonna be a match.
I said Sing For Your Child's Freedom.
Also...
Does Jamie really play that?
Well, it's...
I don't know if Jamie would play it, but like, I don't know, it would be something I could
see that they would have at Golf Land, so there you have it.
Sing For Your Child's Freedom.
Unfortunately not a match.
You alright there, Jamie?
Alright.
Dork.
Alright, here we go.
So it's X-Link 2, Rama 1.
Alright, so Rama, I don't know if it's rigged.
We'll see.
Oh, yeah.
Alright, Rama.
You have four.
It's an epic match game tonight.
There's four more chances to catch up.
Here we go.
Question number two.
Rob, hey, that's me, is planning early for this year's E3.
He already reserved his plane tickets and his tickets to the show.
When asked why he was going so early, he exclaimed, I'm just so excited to go back this year and
see all the blank.
Ding!
Oh, my gosh, you guys.
I'm just so excited to go back this year and see all the booth babes.
booth babes says Rama. X-link says I'm just so excited to go back this year and see all the games.
That seems like a pretty fucking obvious answer, right? Let's see, I don't know, let's see.
Did we go for the obvious or did we go for crazy? I don't know, let's see.
We'll start again with Dark Sakura. I can't wait to go and see all the...
Fanboy Wank. Fanboy Wank.
I don't think technically that's a match, I'm sorry.
Sauce, I can't wait to go back and see all the...
Previews for Sing Star Journey. Previews for Sing Star Journey.
I don't think that's a match with games. Games is too broad, but that's a good, that's a very good answer.
Very good, you know me very well.
Loki, he can't wait to go back and see the... This is totally opposite of what you'd probably say anyways, but I said...
All the Paris Hilton games. All the Paris Hilton games, ew.
Maybe in an alternate universe. Does that match with just games though? I don't, I don't think it does.
I'm sorry, sorry X-links, too, too, too broad.
Alright, uh...
Drewnami, can't wait to go back and see all the... Fucking ABBA music games. Fucking ABBA music games.
Alright, good answer, but not a match.
And I said, now this is going to be tricky, okay, here's what I said. I said...
Rob said, I can't wait to go back and see all the...
Military men, is what I said. But does that count for booth babes?
I think so. You think so?
Yeah. That's like a booth babe for me.
Yeah, babe can go either way.
Babe can go either way. Alright, Rama, we're going to give you a point for matching on that one.
Even though you got the wrong gender.
Woohoo!
Who cares about gender here on Orange Lounge Radio? Alright.
There we go, we gave him a point for that.
Alright, so it's all tied up and the chat room is complaining that it's rigged.
Hey, it's my gift card. I can tell if it counts or not.
That's right. There you go. Oh snap.
You just got, the chat room, you just got served by a giggling geek girl.
I just want to point out.
Alright. Anyhow, let's get to question number three.
And you know it's a Loki question.
Alright, here we go. Question number three in tonight's match game, epic match game here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki just published his own level on LittleBigPlanet this week.
He was pissed off though when his level got moderated.
They sent him a message saying, Loki, you can't have pictures of blank in your level.
Alright, Loki just published his own level on LittleBigPlanet this week.
He was pissed off though when his level got moderated.
They sent him a message saying, Loki, you can't have pictures of blank in your level.
I ding.
I'm going to ding.
Alright, Rama, did you ding?
Ding?
Alright, here we go.
Loki just published his own level on LittleBigPlanet this week.
He was pissed off though when his level got moderated.
They sent him a message saying, Loki, you can't have pictures of erotica.
Erotica.
Alright, and X-Link said, nude ladies.
So, it's almost the same thing.
So, this is just playing for points at this point, racking up the points.
So, Dark Sakura, you can't have pictures of big black cock.
Big black cock.
Not a match and erotica is too broad.
What?
Sorry, that's not a match.
Sorry, that's not a match.
Loki has firmly said that's not a match.
Alright, Tiara, you can't have pictures of?
Iraqi suicide babies.
Iraqi suicide babies.
That is actually the first thing I put down and I changed it.
That's amazing.
Alright, not a match.
But you know, if I am going to make a level, it will have Iraqi suicide babies in there.
Alright, Loki, you can't have pictures of?
Um, blood and tits.
That's what I put in mine.
Blood and tits.
Blood and tits.
That's fairly erotic.
But I feel like if we're going to give it to Rama, then we also need to give it to X-Link for nude ladies.
Alright, so why not? We'll give them both a point.
Why not?
Alright, yay, a point for everybody.
Yay, blood and tits.
Alright, Drew, you can't have pictures of?
Iraqi suicide babies.
Iraqi suicide babies.
And my answer was, you can't have pictures of?
Cylon occupied Caprica.
Because it's copyrighted.
See, I went from one OLR joke to another.
That's what I did.
There you go.
You can't have pictures of Cylon occupied Caprica.
But see, Iraqi suicide babies is not copyrighted.
But Cylon occupied Caprica is. That's why I changed it.
I'll put a fucking copyright on it.
Alright.
Alright.
I love some of the answers the chatroom came up with here.
This is great.
Two men kissing was one of them.
Uh, pictures of Sky's old public access show.
Tingle.
I didn't even think of that one. That's a great one.
Tingle penis.
Lego tingle.
I have judgement.
Alright, good job.
Alright.
We have more.
Rama, it's all tied up. How you feeling?
I feel the pressure's on me.
The pressure is fucking on.
Alright, here we go.
Question number four.
Now they're not about the host anymore.
This is gonna get out there a little bit.
Alright.
Orange Lounge Radio is getting ready to host its first ever rave.
That's right, we're gonna be having a rave.
However, instead of a cuddle room, they'll have a blank room.
Orange Lounge Radio is getting ready to host its first ever rave.
However, instead of a cuddle room, they'll have a blank room.
Ding.
Alright.
Rama, did you ding?
Ding.
Alright, I'm just waiting on our chatter.
Alright.
Oh my god.
Alright.
Wow.
That's what happens when the pressure's on.
I'll read his answer in a minute.
Alright.
Orange...
Wow.
What kind of raves do you think we have?
Alright, Orange Lounge Radio is getting ready to host its first ever rave.
However, instead of a cuddle room, they will have a...
Pyramid Head room.
Pyramid Head room.
Alright, well maybe that's where this answer comes from.
What time is it?
X-Link says they will have a rape room.
Okay.
I know, that's why I gaffed in horror when I read the answer.
Well, let's see if Pyramid Head or rape, or preferably both, comes up.
So let's see.
Dark Sakura, they will have a...
Fanboy wank.
Fanboy wank room.
That almost is Pyramid Head, almost, but not quite.
Alright, Sauce, they will have a...
Drunken Booze room.
Drunken Booze room, of course you gotta have a drunk room.
I advocate this.
Alright, Loki, the OLR rave will have a...
Light switch rave room.
Light switch rave room.
That's a damn good answer, good job.
Drew, they will have a...
A champagne room.
A champagne room.
No, there's champagne in the champagne room.
You ass.
Alright.
And I said that they will have a...
Gun room.
Come on, cause you all have guns.
Of course there's gonna be a gun room.
Alright.
Still tied up, 3-3.
What the hell happens if we have a tie?
Oh shit.
We have to play all night long until the tie is broken.
It's like baseball.
Alright, here we go.
Shit.
Alright.
Alright.
Here we go with the last question tonight, which hopefully someone will match on.
Here we go.
Little did you know that Drew Nami is here tonight to steal your prize.
Yes, he told me in secret that he was planning on spending your gift card on blank.
Ding.
Little did you know that Drew is here tonight to steal your prize.
Yes, he told me in secret that he was planning on spending your gift card on blank.
Ding.
Ding.
Did you ding Dark Sock right in here?
I did.
Alright.
I think everybody's dinged.
I think I heard Rama ding.
That was quick.
Yep.
Alright.
Rama, little did you know that Drew is here tonight to steal your prize.
Yes, he told me in secret that he was planning on spending your gift card on...
Warcraft.
Warcraft.
And X-Link says he was planning on spending the gift card on porn.
Pornography.
Alright, let's see.
We got two pretty extreme different answers there.
This could make all the difference.
Dark Sakura.
He's spending the gift card on...
Porn.
Porn!
Ooh, X-Link pulls ahead, but it's not over yet.
It's not over yet.
Alright.
Sauce.
She said she couldn't use fanboy wank again.
Alright.
Sauce, he's gonna spend the gift card on...
I actually did say Warcraft.
Warcraft.
Oh man, it's tied again.
Oh man, it's back to 4-4.
Let's see.
Alright.
Amazing.
Alright, Loki.
He's gonna spend the gift card on...
I didn't say either of those.
I said Better Joke Books.
Better Joke Books.
Oh, he might need that.
Alright.
So, uh, Drew?
It's come down to you and me.
Maybe one of us matches.
He's gonna...
You want me to go first?
I think you should.
Alright, you think I should?
Alright, I said he's gonna spend his gift card on...
A life.
Boo.
But I put a heart next to it, so it's okay.
It's just a joke.
But he's gonna spend his gift card on actually getting a life.
I'm just kidding.
Love you, bro.
Alright.
Drew, he's gonna spend the gift card on...
Getting Kim to California, you fucking perverts.
So the match came in tonight in a tie.
What do we do in case of a tie?
Lie Radio.
Do we have to do another question?
No, I get the gift card just as planned.
No, no, Drew.
I'll do one, I'll do one, I'll do one.
You're gonna do one?
I'll do one, I'll do one.
Alright, one more question.
This is coming from...
Completely off the top of my head.
I'm a little worried about this one.
You have to talk fast, because I have to message it to X-Link, okay?
Okay.
Alright, go.
During an episode of Orange Lounge Radio, there was a tie, and they couldn't think up
another question for match game.
So instead, they decided to settle the tie by a blank.
I repeat, if I can remember, during an episode of Orange Lounge Radio, they had a tie in
the match game, and they couldn't think up another question, so they had to solve the
tie by a blank.
Ding.
Ding.
I don't know, how do you guys get your answers so fast?
Because I did the obvious answer.
Don't be giving things away.
Just kidding, I didn't...
Just kidding.
I wouldn't say that, it's retarded.
God, I don't know.
Okay, I've typed out my answer, it's long and dramatic.
Alright, I'm waiting on X-Link.
During an episode of Orange Lounge Radio, there was a tie, and they couldn't think up
another question for match game, so instead they decided to settle a tie by a blank.
Uh, which I'm waiting on X-Link still.
La la, la la, match game music, match game music, porn porn, blank blank.
I'm reading some of the comments in chat, they're pretty bad.
Butt sex battle?
Really?
Really?
Alright.
Come on!
It's by, uh, inflammation.
To see who's more inflamed.
Is he still in chat?
Or did we scare him off?
Are you there?
Do we have an answer?
I like what the Rob D says in chat.
The OLR match game wouldn't end, and DMN was spamming in chat.
Skye then said to DMN, you better stop that, you asspiper, or I'll blank.
Maybe that'll be the next question.
Who knows, we'll see.
Alright, if X-Link doesn't give me an answer in like 15 seconds, I am discounting his answer this round.
And Rama will have to match by himself.
So here we go.
15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5.
Oh, oh, oh!
There it is.
Happy New Year.
There it is.
Alright, finally.
Rama, during an episode of OLR, there was a tie and they couldn't think of another one.
So they decided to sell a tie by?
A fight to the flaming death.
A fight to the flaming death.
And X-Link said, a fight.
However, however, I think we might have a way to break the tie.
So, hold on.
Alright, so Dark Sakura.
They decided to settle the score by?
A fight to the finish.
A fight to the finish.
Alright, so that's a point for each.
Alright, Sauce.
They decided to settle the score by?
Sing Star ABBA Showdown.
Sing Star ABBA Showdown!
That's a fight to the death.
That's a wonderful answer.
Alright, Loki.
They decided to settle the score by?
her you know I just give Loki the gift card honestly I don't know why that's so
funny and I'm not even drunk all right well okay they decided to settle the
score by oh I'm sorry drew side so score by two men enter one man leaves this is
Thunderdome a fight to the finish all right so a point for each of them a
fight another fight okay here's the thing though here's my answer they
decided to settle the score by setting the studio on fire but please don't
actually do this but I'm thinking Rama did say a fight to the flaming finish so
it might match with Rama all right so you wanna we are we're still in a tie so
what happens does neither one win one more question oh this segment is getting
way too long read the one that the Rob D right we do Rob D's question all right
this is it I swear to God if we don't have a winner here then I don't know
we're just give it away next week or something I don't know what we're gonna
do here it is or we'll flip a damn coin says Brad okay we are
back on orange lounge radio I I think we're still here we had a little bit of
technical difficulty during the tiebreaker our very climatic tiebreaker
here on orange launch radio and our little table that houses the actual
mixing board and had some various items sitting on it actually buckled like the
damn thing just like all over if it fainted from the pressure of match game
apparently and it knocked our sound board over and it ended up pulling out
all the core that were in it and all that stuff so that's why the suddenly
the show went dead for those you guys that were listening live Frisbee says
don't edit this out of the podcast this part won't be but probably the minutes
and minutes long of silence will need to be because people will think their iPods
broke so there you go all right so who there you have it all right so we are
gonna try one more time to resolve this whole match game thing going on right
now oh yeah do we why we can't do the Rob D's question okay we'll do that all
right so we're gonna do the Rob D's question and this hopefully will fix
what's going on here and then we can get on with our lives all right here it is
last question for the match game night the olr match game wouldn't end in DMN
was spamming in chat sky then said to DMN you better stop that you asked Piper
or I'll blank ding ding did both ladies ding at the same oh wow that's hot all
right okay everybody's dinged Rama yeah the olr match game wouldn't end has gone
on way too long and DMN was spamming in chat sky then said to DMN you better
stop that you asked Piper or all what violate you violate you all right an x
link said come to your house and break your computer with a gun all right
finally we have two different answers so hopefully we can finally break the tie
here we go come to your house and break your computer with a gun or violate you
dark Sakura I think you're the big black cock bang you with a big black cock I
believe that would be violating you ding all right sauce kick you in the balls
take you in the balls not a match Loki I will destroy you
destroy you not a match drew I will burn you with an HD DVD laser burn you with
an HD DVD laser burn your face off melt your face off of the laser not a match
all right and my answer was cuddle with you which might also be considered a
form of violation but it doesn't matter because Rama wins by a point at least so
Rama congratulations you are a winner this was an amazing edition of the max
game and you know what x-link because you did so amazing we've got a booby
prize for x-link tonight we actually have a code still for banjo-kazooie on
the Xbox 360 Xbox Live Arcade and we're gonna give that to x-link so everybody's
a winner tonight yay so there you go I just wanna say Ron Shawn if you'll send
me a private message on Twitter and with your email address I'll email you the
Amazon gift card certificate thingy all right yeah and do you want to say
anything lastly to the chatters who say it was rigged yeah ha ha ha so eloquent
all right have a good one Rama bye bye bye okay this that segment was only 32
minutes long according to Ramos call dear Lord well keep in mind you know for
about five minutes of that we were experiencing technical difficulties all
right so to everybody who didn't win tonight boohoo for you but we got some
more news to do and then we're gonna take a couple quick quick calls tonight
unfortunately got to keep it short tonight because we did not expect match
game to take so long I apologize for that but you know what it was a slow
news week so deal just deal okay deal Loki have some news haven't you ever
thought to yourself when playing a game of pinball gee I wish I could learn
about flatulence right now well now you can thanks to a custom pinball game
called gas attack that was part of a exhibit in gross ology apparently these
two exhibits or this part of the exhibit your pinball is actually bacteria and
you bump it into different foods that cause flatulence including meat onions
you name it and yes cabbage is on there brussel or brussel sprouts cheese all
sorts of stuff and they do have a picture of intestines right above it is
that the ramp no that's not the ramp the ramp there's actually a few clear ramps
that are in there but it has like a toilet and a bunch of other stuff on
there pretty basic looking but I get some message across I guess that is
something else that's amazing you know where yeah frisbee asked the question I
want to know where can I play this you know I'm not sure where this exhibits
actually at but it's yeah some gross ology exhibit that's touring so I will
find out gross ology that sounds pretty amazing all right I don't is this a
pinball game that you want to play dark soccer I mean you do play lots of
pinball games you want to play the fart game no I had to ask well I don't know
if this game is gonna be any better or worse but oh sorry real quick yeah you
can actually find out more about the gross ology tour by going to gross ology
tour calm and they have I think the dates that they'll be available well how
convenient all right well hey if that game doesn't sound like your your idea
of a good time maybe this one will be a little better it's push-up foo is a new
game that has come out for the iPhone it's a part of a series called the foo
apps like Shaq foo but this is called the push-up foo and apparently what this
is it uses the device's accelerometer to track how many push-ups you're doing and
give you feedback on how you're doing with your push-ups so that's kind of
interesting I guess I don't know if you put the thing on your back or something
or where you put this when you're doing your push-ups but I guess it actually
tracks how many push-ups you're doing and how well you've done but here's the
other cool thing push-up foo also lets you join a tracked league or you can go
head-to-head in what's called a battle mode apparently there's a course in it
that makes you it trains you to do a hundred and push-ups in it so that's
that's kind of an interesting use for the iPhone kind of like throwing a Wii
Fit angle into it or teaching you how to shake or tilt the iPhone into thinking
that you've done a hundred push-ups for real huh just like how you can shake the
remote it makes you think that her makes Wii Fit think you're jogging but you
know this might actually be kind of a fun competitive way like to do like if
you and your friends are doing it for like actual push-ups this might be kind
of a fun way to motivate people I don't know I hope they come out with other
versions of it we'll see gs68 says you put it in your pants I always put it in
my pants all right anyhow I don't know I it looks interesting if it's free I'll
check it out if it's not then I probably won't well I actually I I have this that
I'm reporting on next you can get game and watch games on your iPhone and I've
downloaded two of them basically they they're done a little differently but
they still really are the game and watch games you've got parachute chef fire and
octopus but they're called gw parachute gw chef gw fire gw octopus they're
dollar-99 and then wait till Nintendo hears about it yeah hurry before a
cease-and-desist gets sent it's pretty fun which will probably fire you better
get him now there you go you know I saw something on one of those gaming blogs I
was talking about an app that wasn't accepted into my apples app store there
apparently it was a booby shaking game that you can shake your iPhone in the
boob shake awesome and this wasn't accepted why because apparently it's
inappropriate for people I don't know whatever yeah whatever there is a new
exploit that's been found in the PSP you may remember before that they were doing
buffer overflows with Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories and I think before
that I can't remember whether games they were using to do that but now the newest
game to be able to do this is actually a very old game grip shift apparently
someone found an exploit in it where you can also do a similar buffer overflow
and it allows you to load modified save games which you can run all sorts of
homebrew programs but the most important thing about this is it works on the PSP
3000 and will eventually lead to custom firmwares on the PSP 3000 so try as you
may Sony it will never ever ever ever work so in other words they just need to
give up on patching it out they should just give up but hey you know they want
they don't think they kind of owe it to the people that you know and make games
for their system to yeah I guess whatever will never ever work well hey
Tomb Raider underworld if you're a fan of Tomb Raider underworld guess what you
can download the soundtrack for free that's right free what you can actually
choose you can choose some songs that are like associated with the game's
locals or you can get like a deluxe edition soundtrack that contains all 71
tracks 320 kbps mp3 formats so there you go all you have to do to get the
soundtrack it's a free download tomb Raider chronicles dot-com slash
underworld slash soundtrack dot HTML it's all there for download if you want
to check out some of the music from the game that's not too shabby that's
special who likes free stuff I know I do I don't like yours all right
oh yeah it's true how about some last-minute stories tonight do you have
any last-minute stories here is do F use we didn't do F use I didn't I neglected
to put it off you oh my gosh F me how horrible we should have put it in now
right after the table collapsed that would have been a good time to do it
all right all right let's get to the F use of the week then since I when I
forget to put in the F use in the show role I get pretty pissed off at myself
if you goes to be woken up from a deep sleep this morning to be bitched up
and the damn table sauce I'll try to keep it short but Ron Charles sent me a
Christmas card for Christmas obviously and when I received it the envelope had
been completely opened on three sides by someone else who obviously thought that
maybe there was games and prizes inside of some sort that F you to that person
who opened it and F you to my mailman who delivered it to the wrong place
Loki F you to myself for calling blizzards help line and threatening
suicide with them oh wait no I didn't do that that's right that's funny no F you
to not having as much money from my bonuses to waste on stupid shit like
more airsoft guns instead I did something responsible and actually put
it into a savings account but it's still pissing me off because I have the urge
to spend it on useless shit through F you to the card table F you to UPS being
unnaturally slow and bringing my new mouse or D 9 like 45 bucks last week
taking 10 days to get to my house right now it's sitting over the weekend in
West SAC 10 miles away when it should be you know on my desk also F you being
sick and sleeping all the time when you're sick
yeah I'm gonna have to echo some of what Drew said F you to being sick
especially the week before I'm supposed to go on vacation four days before I'm
supposed to go on vacation I'm getting sick God hates me also F you to people
named Alex no you're done okay F you Alex whoever you are all right anyhow
we're gonna open up the skype line for a little bit we'll take a couple calls
tonight again we ran a little long because the match came so we don't want
to go on all night long so we still have an afterbirth we got to get to because
we didn't do it after birth last week is oh boy oh boy just too much going on
here last hundred stories Oh last minute stories I'm sorry Loki do you have
something you want to get to yes real quick this is kind of a funny one why
wait we have EA is branching out into a new field of video games for them at
least they're tackling the love simulation market with a brand new game
that's actually a coming out in Japan it's a hot chill koi and it's a game
that features big-breasted women that you apparently rub tanning lotion on
nice nice all right let's see we are now on the skype line with a caller hi
caller who's this hi this is a spazzinator hi spazzinator what's on
your mind tonight um two things you know two things first of all I'm doing
something to you I managed to update my you know or you know replace my
PlayStation 3 it's not exactly the same models I had before but I'll take what I
can get that's right the ongoing saga of the stolen PlayStation 3 so unfortunately
it sounds like it was never found so but you got a replacement yeah and now I
just basically checked out home for the first time you know since I replaced my
PlayStation 3 and I I don't know you know I didn't know anything about but
you know what wasn't her supposed to be something in home there basically
allowed you to go into your like your pocket or whatever bring your friends
and be able to stream your music or videos and photos and stuff like that
yeah that was in the early beta but unfortunately it does not look like that
function has hit the finished product much like half of the other things that
Sony said was going to be in there such as the trophy cases you're gonna have
for all the trophies that you get in the games and you know a couple other things
I think they were probably a little worried as they should be about people
putting copyright content all over their house but I'll tell you that's the one
thing that's helping me from getting an OLR clubhouse I would put down the money
for an OLR clubhouse like that if I could somehow put in like any time like
even if I could just put like our podcast album art on the wall or
something cheesy like that I would do it like but I don't I think what they offer
right now is kind of dopey yeah in a way I can see what they're kind of
saying is not just for copyright stuff but you know how you know the media and
sharing other people whose names I won't mention like to get up and up all up in
arms about you know stupid things you know things now if they had you know
put the stringing stuff you know functionality to home you know someone
would've been stupid enough to like stream porn or whatever and then now
someone will kill see it and all of a sudden you know we'll be fucking off you
know get into the fire you know give those people ammo to sure us with enough
well I mean if somebody's gonna do something inappropriate they should just
simply be banned there should be a really really easy way to report and
ban those people you know that oh there already should be something set up
because there's already some craziness going on in home but I'll tell you my
favorite thing I've discovered to do in home I like to go in the movie theater
where the previews are playing especially when there's like one preview
playing over and over and over again and I like to go stand right in the middle
of the screen and dance that's my favorite yeah yeah I've seen people do
that already yeah it might have been me actually it was a guy wearing a green
shirt and jeans it was probably me because actually I turned it on on New
Year's Eve to show some friends what was all about and they wanted me to just
walk up to random people and start dancing in front of them so I don't know
all right anyway hey spazzing here we gotta let you go to get some more calls
but thanks for the call and congrats on getting a new ps3 and to have fun with
whatever you play on it sure thank you later dude and check out Prince of
Persia that's another game I'm playing more of lately that's a fun game I love
Prince of Persia because it's for dummies like me you can't die she always
freaking saves you the little little sidekick you roll with one eight seven
seven game olr another last-minute story Loki yes actually apparently GameStop is
no longer accepting Xbox game systems or accessories in trade effective February
9th even though more people are playing them than ps3 yes if you're playing them
you're certainly not playing them from GameStop now so hurry up and get them in
yes all right and then also Wii Sports is now the best-selling game of all time
it's even exceeded a Super Mario Brothers amazing hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this it's obviously you know who let's just talk to you
what's up no nothing much just celebrating you're just bringing in the
new year with mediocrity and just pull just a boring weekend generally yeah how
did you how did you celebrate what types of games did you play oh for New Year's
oh that's simple drunken Left 4 Dead after the ball drops nice oh that's one
of those things like I still or leading up to it but yeah definitely you know
playing Left 4 Dead in the dark with a with other people while like really
hammered up I'm worried that game will actually make me shit my pants that's
what I'm worried about that game it was it's nothing compared to like the other
classical movies like Dawn of the Dead although I'll be cool they had like a
mall map for Left 4 Dead either that authentic feeling but besides that it's
been that's the only excitement I had last week everything else afterwards has
just been you know ho hum yeah yeah money's tight so I don't have money to
go out I have might as well stay at home what are you looking forward to what are
you looking forward to most in 2009 uh well let me see besides digital life
hopefully coming back other other things you know III being open to the public
and all hopefully other companies not and not getting the ham not getting the
axe and generally just damn good games coming out I hope so I hope Sony could
definitely make it the year of the ps3 unlike the critics who's already already
said that you know I've already said that sort of thing last year and the
year before that and they were wrong it's gonna take something big but who
knows III could be could be this could be this is gonna be a big big year for
III with you I mean I'm going back in the public special though no I mean yeah
it's going back to the the circus you can expect that that is gonna be one
huge thing in 2009 III 2009 is gonna be bigger than any III in the past five
years okay either play as I you know as a boon for the ESA or it could be
another big clusterfuck like like the e3s of years past where you had like
booth babes just a lot of like you know a lot of game devs basically crunching
for that single demo that they're gonna end they're gonna showcase on e3 so it's
I don't know whether whether that's what the the effort to actually go back now
game guru in chat says III will bomb and no one will care we'll see I don't know
I disagree that's one I mean that's one opinion okay I guess if that person's
trying to be realistic given the state of the economy unless for some reason
the economy rebounds over the summer then you'll see a massive circus like
the like the old ones yeah I think hopefully heck of a circus you'll still
be alive not like the ones only the last year and the 2007 with just like bombs
literally ho-hum and just like boring as hell I didn't do nothing to keep it like
a rigid you know originally as a business expo whereas the old ones
pretty much you know brought back the hype at the height right there and the
height you know ended up selling the games well we will we will see what
develops I don't know why that I'm sorry I'm being distracted by chat room where
a picture of me pretending to kiss DMN at PAX was posted in chat I don't know
why that why that happened why did that have to happen I don't know all right
anyhow Zaku thank you so much for your call all right later dude all right we
got time for maybe one more call if you want to give us a call one eight seven
seven game olr need a username on Skype orange launch radio looking at pictures
from people's New Year's party what the hell is this you got like five people
playing the same game the hell is this is that left for dead so they're all
playing I can't tell that's doing her mouth what are they all playing in this
picture I can't see one eight seven seven game olr if you want to give us a
call our username on Skype is orange lounge radio gears to thank you God I
knew a simple answer I'm just kidding okay I get all I get it now all right
there you go it's kind of hard to see the screens all right I'm not seeing the
phone ring I'll give it one more minute we have any other last minute stories
we're done major Nelson has talked or revealed with the top 20 Xbox downloads
were for both live or if the top live titles and top arcade tiles the top
arcade titles starting with the hell well we had a call drop in but just go
ahead wrap it up top 20 arcade tiles of wolf a few of the top ones Castle
Crashers with number one German Wars 2 was actually number two braid number
three a kingdom for kefflings number four Wow five uno six super street
fighter two turbo HD remix seven fable to pub games eight Duke Nukem 3d 9 by a
commando rearmed and 10 worms where was res HD on that list where was it res HD
she's not on that list shameful shameful eggman 9 number 16 all right well doom
beat out Megaman 9 all right I'll Rob D is on the skype line what's up Rob
what's up looks like a bit of good uh oh I'd listen to you this is the first time
in a while that actually haven't worked I mean you guys are just playing the
match game you're knocking soundboards out the table yeah it's been a pretty
epic night um what's on your mind hey we had we had we have to ring in 2009 the
only way we know how exactly not too much well I I hear you didn't like HD
remix and I know that I'm a little bit late on the draw because you talked
about issues a couple weeks ago and uh I gotta say I'm pretty much in love with
the game so I was just calling it a disagree with you a little bit on that
try to contrast in view you know I just didn't find that there was I don't know
like Street Fighter 2 is one of those things I find that is better left in my
memory you know what I mean like it's just not something I think this is and
I've had time to reflect on what the hell is my big problem with is the game
anyway and I think honestly what it boils down to is that a lot of my
problem with the game has boiled down to the shift to Xbox Live and PlayStation
Network for these games and that it just doesn't have the same magic as it does
when you actually walk into an arcade and you get to shit talk someone like
right there in the you know that that's actually standing there next to you
because people say things online that they would not say to your face that's
one thing that I'm so I'm quickly learning about Xbox Live as for the game
itself I I hated the soundtrack that was my like number one bitch about the I know
I did I and I know they were trying to do the right thing by doing the fan
remixes and everything and don't even wrong I appreciate the gesture but the
soundtrack was hideous in my opinion. Oh the remix soundtrack not the original
soundtrack or do you just hate both? No I love the original. I do love the original
soundtrack. I don't like the remix one at all I don't like the remix one at all and
then I don't know that it just it just left me wanting more I felt like instead
of just kind of replacing the sprites it was going to be smoother but then I
realized I'm thinking of Street Fighter 4. I am desperately looking forward to
Street Fighter 4 as well I mean it's actually coming out on my birthday which
is kind of odd. Oh nice. Yeah I the thing is is that I like what Capcom did I do I
think it's great that they actually did go to the fans for the remixes which I
can understand why they'd be a little bit subjective especially if you liked
you know the the sound of the original songs and all. I did I really did like
the originals. It's great that Capcom actually did go to the guys at GGPO and
actually got their help with the netcode I mean the multiplayer for Street Fighter
2 is I don't want to call it flawless because there are a couple problems I
mean even then lag does pop up occasionally but I never thought they'd
actually be able to get a fighting game this good online and just actually seeing
this actually being able to play you know totient up in Canada or being able
to play even Shadow's Wire across in the UK with no lag or very negligible lag is
it blows my mind frankly. It's like I'm literally playing them in the arcade
right uh right next to them as far as the lag goes. Maybe I need to play
against more like real people I know and not random people because I played this
all at a friend's house because I actually don't even own the game I
actually played on PlayStation 3 so but yeah it's just I don't know and oh god
the Xbox 360 controller still is such an issue like I feel like if I did get the
game I'd have to get it on PlayStation 3 and even then I don't I don't know a lot
of people on there. Yeah I've been enjoying actually playing a few people
from the all-games community in the OLR community over an HD remix so that
hasn't been so much of a problem for me. It's been a learning curve to actually
get used to the controller the d-pad is leaving calluses on my thumbs frankly
and I've had to use the control stick for anyone who's not a Shotokan
character. Do we have a lot of OLR people that play Left 4 Dead on PC? I know
this is a completely random topic but I'm kind of curious because I'm actually
thinking about getting Left 4 Dead but on PC not uh not 360 just because I
first-person shooters I think I could do better on PC than I can on the 360. I
just want to throw that out there. What you can do is join the Steam community
Orange Launch Radio does have a Steam community. Is there actually people that
are still using it? Yeah I'm on it. Interesting all right maybe I'll have to
play Left 4 Dead sometime because I think I'm gonna pick that up sooner
than later. So anyway sorry didn't mean to didn't mean to just rail what Rob D
had originally called in about. Yeah you know I noticed the fighting game fans
especially really are in love with HD remakes and maybe I didn't give it a
fair look but I don't know it just didn't it didn't it didn't resonate the
way with me that it did the rest of you. I guess maybe my I was just so hyped up
for it to be this like new and something like so different but it was just kind
of like I don't know like it just felt like a letdown to me I it's hard to
explain. I'm looking forward to Street Fighter 4 as well and if they actually
get the netcode half as good on that game as they did in Street Fighter HD
remakes I'll be happy so. I will say that I'm definitely looking forward to Street
Fighter 4 as well I will definitely pick that up when it comes out so we will
have that to battle on if nothing else. And nothing will match the magic of
actually playing someone in an arcade right next to them you know the
shadiness of the arcade aside because let's face it not some some arcades
are better left to our memories rather than to our current sense of
smell today. Yeah good point good point. All right well Rob D I gotta let you
go so we wrap up the show but thank you so much for your call and have fun
battling the fellow listeners online. That's great to do. Act after you're going
down. See you later. Later. I guess they're already setting up a battle after the
show. That's one of the great things about doing a radio show like Orange
Lounge Radio. So you know we are moving into 2009 which if you can believe it
we started this show in 2002 so now this is our seventh year of broadcasting if
you can believe it and it's really neat to see the community that's kind of
built up and that people kind of do this stuff that makes it what we do here like
so worthwhile. Car tables being knocked over and all. Speaking of which yes got a
message from Rama with all the people who chipped in on that whiteboard for
you guys. Yes I I was seeing some stuff in chat what is going on I thought that
this was just something Rama got from his connections or something that is
work. We pooled our money together. Shut up. Me, Rama, Misty, SSJ 100 Matt, and Alpha
Kinanagram all pitched in to get you the whiteboard. That is so awesome. Well
thank you guys so much for that. That is great. I hope you get some use out of it.
We will. Well I'm probably gonna do I'm probably gonna rearrange this. We're
gonna have a week down. I'm gonna be on vacation so not only am I going you know
off out of the state for a few days but I'm gonna be just taking a couple extra
days off work. I'm probably gonna try and rearrange some things in here so probably
what I'm gonna do instead of hanging the whiteboard up I'll probably move all
these stuffed animals you see back here and have the whiteboard resting there
and move some things around so that way it's easily accessible too and that the
whiteboard won't get knocked over if I do try to mount it so but we will
definitely make use out of it and that'll be something fun for the Justin
TV listeners because hopefully we will have a webcam when we come back in two
weeks here on this show so it's almost like a whole new show not really though
just some new toys some new toys for an old and aging and practically dead show
hey like Benny Hill right we're old and dead all right all right so hopefully
far from decrepit trust me JTV I will stop at nothing to get JTV back next
week or in two weeks a very public thank you to IKUMA JP for the webcam that he
sent us that I left at my house along with a lot of candy he sent us really
like like from Japan and stuff yeah awesome oh I love candy if you eat it
all no I'm shaking my finger at you no that's awesome this is great
Wow I never would have imagined that listeners would like do stuff for us
that's that's great I mean really like I don't know what else to say that's
that's an amazing feeling so thank you guys so much for pulling together
especially behind all of our backs and sending that to us that's great that's
really awesome and thank you to our listeners overseas and you guys Jamie's
like see Jamie gets the international gifts because she was getting she got
the doctor who came from the UK right and now you get the stuff in Japan well
no that's that's for all of us it just I had him deliver it to my house because I
didn't have your address handy I know footy footy maybe you should get a
footy get Jamie's address you can send something from Argentina and then what
else other countries we have we have that we have the guy a hockey ripper we
need that's it this year is the international year for dark soccer don't
don't don't don't cheer at me dark soccer you love it all right let's go to
Ikea Rob that's all the international oh yeah Ikea is the only international I
get all right let's let's wrap up the show because part B's run very long
tonight we need to quickly wrap up the program because some of us have to work
tomorrow so dark soccer your final thought tonight I'm hungry sauce thank
you so much for making the trip here from Vegas Avengers tower calm if you
want to see the well done reviews and for all the nerdy things that you kids
love your final thought tonight so long and thanks for all the fish you're
welcome remind me to tell you about the fish inside named puppy at some point I
know you know with the listeners maybe maybe in two weeks Loki your final
thought so tempting what is nothing stuff oh oh all right drew sorry about
the frickin table it's all right and my final thought is I need more jelly
bellies do you see this bag this bag is empty and it needs to be filled with
more jelly bellies because jelly bellies are amazing and by the way next time
you're in Norcal have you ever been to the Jelly Belly Factory sauce we are so
going to the Jelly Belly Factory I will take a day off work okay so you let me
know when you're in town next and we'll go to the Jelly Belly Factory okay I'll
go to M&M so I'm in Vegas and you can go Jelly Bellies when you're up here all
right make it work out all right um that's it dang we'll see you guys in two
weeks remember we do this for free so um if you like our show you don't have to
send us gifts I mean we really really don't that's that's all you have to do
all we ask tell a friend about the show help spread the word of the show go on
to iTunes leave us a five-star review and that would be amazing thank you guys
so much and we'll see you in two weeks with another edition of orange lounge
radio until next time tune in next week to all games calm our buddy Bobby
Blackwolf is starting his effing show FNG live on Friday night and Sunday
night he might get to take the Bobby Black Wolf show a little long though I
don't know if you really want to after having done two shows that week but
we'll see we'll see you guys in two weeks have a good one everybody we'll
see you next time on orange launch radio you've been listening to orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live
show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time the views
and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm but we're
probably right anyway see you next week
