Forged Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco!
Tonight, January 25th, 2009, GameTap removes some of its free games,
Dawn of War 2 disappears from GameStop, and did we both finally win a movie award?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet. Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We do tape live on Sunday nights every week at AllGames.com,
and it's all brought to you by myself, Rob Roberts, and my wonderful co-host, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Worship me!
Back after a week of absence. What were you doing in your week of absence?
Writing the charter for my cult.
Wonderful. Yes, this is a conversation carried over from Bobby's show,
which can be heard before us Sunday nights live.
Official drink is Propel.
And DarkSakura apparently is going to be fixing the economy by starting a cult,
and somehow this is going to fix the economy.
My plan is brilliant.
Because the companies aren't making enough money because the consumers aren't buying
because they don't have money because they've been losing the equity in their home
and going into foreclosure and blah, blah, blah.
So I'll tell you what.
Give me all your money.
I will go and pump money back into the economy on my wild spending spree.
Help the banks by getting the biggest mortgage ever, which I will be paying off with your money, of course.
And personally revitalizing our bank and credit system.
And what about everybody else who's broke because they gave you money? What are they going to do?
Well, when the economy's better high, they'll get new money.
And jobs. They'll be jobs to accommodate my shopping spree.
You know, whenever I think about cults...
And there's more.
With the stuff I decide not to keep any longer, after my wild shopping spree,
I put it back on eBay, and all these people who now have jobs to accommodate my needs
can buy the stuff off of eBay. It's brilliant.
And I replenish my money.
Every time I think about cults, because we are a video game show.
I know you didn't mention a single video game in your cult,
but maybe that's what you'll spend money on is pinball machines or something.
But I think of the cult in Earthbound. Do you remember that?
God, I can't remember the name of them, but they wore the little purple things.
They all looked like eggplants or whatever, and they spoke in the funny language.
Does anybody remember what I'm talking about?
I know the chat room must at chat.orangelandsradio.com.
Somebody will name it for me.
Earthbound. You went to Happy Happy Cult. Wasn't that their name? Happy Happy Village or something?
I think that was it. It was the Happy Happy Cult.
Loki, are you a member of the Happy Happy Cult?
No, I'm not playing Earthbound.
Earthbound's a great game.
I'm sure it is.
What have you been up to this week, Loki?
Still trying to get Grand Theft Auto 4 to work on my PC.
Oh, that's right. You were quite a difficult piece of that.
Basically, what it comes down to now is I'm going to have to actually reinstall Windows 4 to work.
That's quality developing right there. Quality.
When a game requires you to reinstall your operating system for it to work correctly.
Good job. Kudos, Rockstar.
Have you thought about calling customer support or anything just to see me?
I post on GTA forums and they have Rockstar Toronto is actually there helping people.
Are other people-
Not me, though.
Are other people having the problems you're having?
Yes, some people are having the same problems I'm having. No one's helping them either.
And people are also having other problems.
There's a new patch that came out that caused even more problems. So awesome.
What are you talking about? There's no problem.
Sweep under the rug.
Yeah, it's less than 1%.
See, they pulled the old Microsoft bit where it's less than 1% of our customers are having problems with Grand Theft Auto 4.
It's just they have to be the most vocal of the bunch.
How does it feel to be less than 1%, Loki?
I- I'm special.
I have three words for you.
Better Business Bureau.
I have more words for you.
I'm pirating their next game and I'm not buying their shit anymore.
I- See, listen, I was originally-
How is that gonna hurt them?
It's not. It's gonna save me spending 60 bucks on a game that will work for a month and then stop working.
That's magically as if, you know, for no reason whatsoever.
They don't care.
That's money that could potentially go into your cult.
Hey, listen, now-
But, the first rule of my cult is stab in the face anyone who wrongs you.
I'm just saying that-
Figuratively or literally, please.
Okay, now I'm just saying originally I had pirated this game, okay?
I was gonna do that, but you know what, I'm like, it's a quality game, they deserve my money.
So I went out and purchased a retail copy of this game and so I could, you know, install mods, you know, play online if I really wanted to, but I wasn't really interested in that.
I just really wanted to, you know, I felt that this deserved my money.
Goes to show you what happens when I pay for stuff.
Remember the last game that I paid for?
Spore.
Oh yeah, that sucked.
It sucked really hard because it's crap.
Because they're like, it's so awesome, you gotta buy it.
And then you buy it and you're like, ha, it's crap.
Ha ha, we tricked you.
So if it's so much crap, why are you not really gonna do anything about it then?
Cause there's nothing I can do.
There's plenty you can do.
Okay, I can call their customer service and they go, oh, I don't know what's wrong.
Oh, you can, you know, send a letter in to the CEO.
You can write the Better Business Bureau and file a complaint.
Or he can get on his podcast and tell hundreds of people of the, or I guess.
I'm just saying, okay.
I'm overestimating our list.
He can tell dozens of people.
This is the problem I have is that people, I'm just gonna say it for the FUs.
I'm just saying though, I mean, I've been more than, more than, I've been more than generous to them, I should say.
Cause, I mean, you know, at our work we have, you know, a LAN set up and everything.
And I've purchased copies of Grand Theft Auto IV on 360 for each one of those systems.
That's five different systems that have that game.
I think overall I purchased about six copies of that game.
I mean, I'd say that's more than generous.
And the fact that I was even, you know, generous enough to go beyond that and purchase the PC version of the game.
The least they could do is help me out with my problem.
They don't seem to give a shit.
So you know what? I don't give a shit either.
And the next game that they put out, that's Grand Theft Auto, that happens to be on PC.
You better believe I'm not gonna pay for it.
Now when it comes on 360, yes I will.
Because I'm just like that.
I gotta buy it for the 360 cause it's awesome.
And yes, and sadly enough, I'll probably be buying the download content that'll be coming out for Grand Theft Auto IV.
And I may even buy the download content for each one of those systems.
That's $100 right there.
But you know what? I don't know.
I think unless they come out, cause basically what it is now, it's oh well something in your system is causing it not to work.
Really? Thanks for narrowing it down to something in my computer causing it not to work.
I was worried that it might have been the birds outside.
You don't want to see me on the phone with customers.
It's basically, you know, they told me, you know, people on the forums said, okay, uninstall all this stuff and reinstall it.
So I did all that. I did everything that could possibly affect this game.
Unstalled it, reinstalled it, all my codecs, everything.
Literally, I'm gonna have to reinstall Windows in order to get it to work.
Which is fine cause, you know, I don't really care.
But it's annoying. I even went and reinstalled and reinstalled Service Pack 3 just to see if maybe that would fix it.
But of course not.
Oh, and it doesn't help either. That takes 40 minutes to install Grand Theft Auto.
Whew, alright. Well, hey, our chat room at chat.orangelandrater.com is making a request.
Of course, we always like to have the chat room involved during our show tonight.
A request that if Loki does decide to call customer service, please, please record it and play it on a future episode.
But here's my thing. Here's my thing. I don't want to go too far into this.
But, I mean, is calling customer service, I mean, a lot of those reps, no disrespect, they do a very thankless job, you know, but...
I did customer service.
Right, and I teach for it. But, you know, they're kind of given a script. They're given limits.
They can't change a lot at their level. If he really wants something to happen, he's gonna have to get attention of people upstairs.
I'm going through the right routes. I'm going through GTA forms and they have the developers on there actually reading people's comments.
So they're supposedly looking into things. They're supposed to also be, you know, PMing people to get, you know, their system specs and the DX dialog, you know, output and that kind of stuff to see what exactly is causing problems.
Because I'm not the only one that's having these issues and this last patch was supposed to fix it, but it hasn't.
It made it load a little bit further, you know, I got past three different character screens and then it flashed the fourth one and then stopped working instead of just, you know, freezing on the third one.
But I don't get why I don't change anything in my system. It works for a month and then all of a sudden it stops. Period.
Just stops working and no matter how many times I uninstall it, reinstall it, do whatever, it does not work. That doesn't make any sense.
Dark Soccer is dying to make a comment and then we gotta move on to gaming weeks.
It's actually about customer service. Rob, have you done customer service yourself?
Yeah, it's the industry I work in.
But have you answered the calls?
Yes, of course. I have to to be able to teach him.
Well, not necessarily my work, but I did customer service and I can actually say that script is like only good for the first month of the job and after that a good rep is gonna know their shit, know who to go to, and know how to solve your problem.
No, no, no. Don't get me wrong. I mean, especially, you know, at the place I work, we've got great reps. You know, I just say that a lot of times, unfortunately, their hands are a little tied in what they can and can't do.
There's certain processes, procedures, rules in place. There's only so much they can do and they'll go, they'll do whatever it takes for the people on the line.
But, you know, again, I don't work in the video game industry either and neither do you and I think our industries give us a lot more leeway in those types of freedoms than a video game company. You know what I mean?
It's a little easier for you to investigate a loan or my people to get claims paid that need to be or whatever than to fix a game. You know what I mean?
I don't know if that makes sense, but, so, I don't know. I just think in their world it's a lot more limiting.
A, if you work in that world and care to disagree with us, you can always send us an email. Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com
Yeah, I would actually like to know how video game customer support goes.
I'd actually like to hear more about that too. So, something
I still think that there's way too many parallels from one to the other and I've talked to people who've done tech support that there's ways to get the help and ways to get the official answer.
Alright, let's move on. We've got to talk about our gaming weeks and usually we start off, each of us talking about what kind of games we've been playing this week.
But, I want to deviate a little bit tonight. I'm actually going to let Loki start tonight because he checked out a game that I think a lot of our long-time listeners are going to be interested in because it's a music-based game.
He kind of got a sneak preview at this. I have not heard a lot about this game outside of this show, but, I don't know, Loki, does it look to be something I should be keeping an eye on?
Yes, definitely. It's a brand new game. A lot of people may be familiar with DJ Hero, which is supposedly coming out from Activision later this year.
There was another music game that's also turntable-based that's going to be coming out from a company called Genius Products and they don't really put out a lot of games.
They just started getting into game distribution. They're mainly a movie publisher, but now getting into game publishing, they did the Line Rider game, I believe, and the Halo Interactive board game.
But, they are getting beyond that to a music game called Scratch the Ultimate DJ.
Now, what this game is, what makes it kind of unique, is the game relies a lot on actual turntable techniques.
What's kind of cool, they showed us a video of it because, unfortunately, the original plan was they were going to bring a demo or something for us to try out.
Unfortunately, the game is too early in development that they couldn't do that.
They actually had footage that they showed me that I can't share with you guys, unfortunately, because it's also very, very, very early.
They'll have stuff later on that they'll be rolling out in either February or March detailing the game.
They've got a really good marketing plan behind it, so there's going to be a lot of footage on this all of a sudden.
What's kind of cool, though, the game itself plays a little bit like Beatmania.
It's got the different bars coming down the screen that you've seen in most music games, and there's a side of the screen that shows the turntable section.
They're highlighted and stuff.
What is kind of unique about it, though, is the controller itself, which is made by Newmark.
I mean, it's actually made by Newmark. It's not a licensed product from Newmark. It's literally created by Newmark.
It's actually a turntable that looks like a Newmark turntable.
Then you've got five keys next to it, kind of like a Beatmania arcade-style controller, except they're all in a line, kind of like the Guitar Hero fret buttons, but a lot bigger and kind of nicer looking.
Next to that is actually a crossfader.
So during those sections that you can scratch in, you can actually do real turntable techniques with it, and the game will pick up on that and award you points and award you saying,
okay, you did this, this, and this, you know, type of techniques.
What's also cool about the game is you will not get penalized for hitting keys when there's not keys in the game.
They actually encourage you to kind of remix or, you know, freestyle a little bit, which is kind of cool.
So, yeah, right now it's set to come out in June. It's going to be about $100 retail, and PlayStation 3 and 360.
It looks pretty awesome. It's pretty much everything that you would expect from Beatmania.
You know, the controllers, ambidextrous. They're going to have like 60 songs. It's licensed hip-hop and R&B, which may not be for everybody, you know,
and that kind of turned me off of it at first, until I actually saw it being played, and it's pretty cool.
Some of the tracks that I think they have confirmed for it so far, like Flashing Lights by Kanye West.
Let's Get It Started by the Black Eyed Peas, Peter Piper by Run DMC, Hot in Here by Nelly, Milkshake by Killas.
Awesome. Awesome. Instant Sale.
Friends by Houdini, Party Like a Rockstar by Shop Boys, and Don't Sweat the Technique by Aaron B. and Ray Kim.
So basically, you're talking about a game. It looks like Beatmania, you know, and a question coming from our chat is, you know,
GS68 is making the Konami Will Sue joke. Do you think it's going to be something that's too close to comfort for Konami?
Their controller is different enough. I don't know if they consume because of the controller, since it's not just the way it functions is a little bit different.
Also, the interface itself is different than Beatmania. The way the screen looks, it's almost like a candy cane, I guess,
because kind of towards the left side of the screen, you'll see like a turntable spinning, and the notes come off the turntable,
and they kind of turn around, and then they come down like Beatmania would.
But, I mean, it's similar in the way it's played, but I don't know. I mean, I'm sure they'll try to sue them anyways, but...
Part of the way you describe it, though, makes me think that like Beatmania and Kraken DJ spawned.
Yeah, with the whole crossfader and everything, it does kind of sound like it's like a mix of them.
And the scratching, it's like a love baby of the two. But no techno.
You know, we have a lot of people in our chat who are in that Beatmania mindset thinking like,
oh, if this game's going to have like a Beatmania-style controller, you know, I see Acidic Vampire says, I want techno.
But that's the thing. Techno does not have scratching in it, usually. That's why they basically stuck to hip-hop.
Could do, though, good drum and bass.
They could, and I don't see why they can't. I mean, it's just that they're really focusing on music that's going to be scratchable,
that you would hear scratching in. Another cool thing about it is they're going to have a microphone port on it
that you'll actually be able to sample yourself or whatever and mix it into the actual songs.
A wiggity-wiggity-whack. I could see myself yelling that in the microphone over and over.
And some other cool stuff they were saying that they're going to have, you know, some sort of way to play back your performances or something,
which is kind of cool.
You know what's funny? Does anybody remember way back, I know you guys will, but, you know, kind of asking the listeners,
does anybody remember way back, like when Beatmania first came out in the US?
I'm not talking about the game they put on the PlayStation 2. I mean when they actually put the five key machines in arcades.
Does anybody remember what they called Beatmania when they put the five key machines in arcades?
Hip-hop mania.
That's right. And was it hip-hop mania? Not at all.
But what's funny, the game he's describing sounds like it could be called hip-hop mania, which is kind of funny.
Things have a way of coming full circle like that.
Hey, there were those of us who were still playing BM98 back in those days.
Anyway, there's a lot of non-music game people that are like, what the hell are these people talking about?
It looks cool. They're going to have a lot of tie-ins with, you know, like the G-unit clothing and stuff like that.
It's just, it's very, I don't know, it looks good. I'd say definitely give it a shot.
There's going to be a lot more stuff coming out about it as it gets closer.
They're going to be really marketing this pretty heavily, and I think it's going to be a really awesome game.
Because when you consider, now because I kept asking them about like DJ Hero and stuff like that.
The difference between them and DJ Hero is DJ Hero is going to be more, basically the aim of the game is to mix two songs together.
Whereas this is actually about scratching. So, I don't know, it looks pretty cool though so far.
Let me ask the chat room about this though. I'm going to ask a question to chat and we'll read some of your responses in a minute.
Because I know we have a lot of people that have been listening to us for a long time, so we have a lot of music game fans in chat.
Does this game interest you even though the music may not be the type of music you're used to in these types of games?
Because I don't think we've had like a real, I should say one that can be taken very seriously.
I mean we've had the what, Move It To The Streets or whatever that game was called.
The Dance Battle or whatever. And we had that one random Xbox Live Arcade game.
I'm talking about, you know, this sounds like it's going to be pretty, chat room are you interested in this game even though it's going to be hip hop and not techno?
Chat room. And I ask the same question to Jamie. Is this of interest to you?
Not really. I probably won't play it. I mean I'll probably check it out.
But I actually really didn't like Kraken DJ. And I really have no interest in any of that music. Except for like, you know, the exception of the two pretty classic ones mentioned.
You know, Run DMC and Rakim. But I really have no interest in that music at all. I really have no interest in the hip hop lifestyle really.
I don't care for it. I don't really have an interest in the game.
That's my big sticking point too is that, you know, it's like I have an appreciation for some of that, you know, like you say, like the classics and some of those and even the silly dance songs like Milkshake and stuff.
It used to be cool.
Yeah. But I don't know. I kind of worry. A hundred dollars is a lot to ask. But I'll probably give it the benefit of the doubt. I'm definitely interested in checking it out. I really want to check it out.
Because, you know, if the interface works well and it's put together well, that's when I think we need to lobby these people to do the techno one we want. I don't know.
Well, I mean, and they're going to have not all of the music is going to be licensed. I think some of it they're actually making. So very well, I don't see why they couldn't do like house music or something like that that would have, you know, scratching in it.
I mean, it's just I know that there can be some techno songs they could have scratching it, but you would normally not hear a techno artist if you went to a club scratching out stuff with it. It just wouldn't make any sense.
Sure.
You know, and song lists are so critically important in music games, too. You know, why didn't any of us buy Karaoke Revolution Country Edition? Because none of us really rabidly listen to country. You know, it's always going to be a big selling point for music games.
It makes it very interesting when you're kind of like a music game fan.
I mean, we're literally like five months away from this. So, I mean, there's going to be a lot coming out about it. You'll be able to form your opinions based on what you see at that point. I mean, but right now, I mean, it's so very early. So but it looks good so far.
The name of the game one more time, Loki?
Scratch the Ultimate DJ.
All right. Let me read some comments from chat and then we'll get into our gaming weeks with Dark Soccer in just a moment. Again, I asked the chat room, are you interested in this game? Does this game sound interesting to you, even though it's not the typical type of music you've seen in other music games that have come out here?
YYR says, yes, it does. Act Def says, it does. But what's turning me off is the price. Let's see. Buchi Kawa says, personally, I play beat big games for the music, but I have a broad interest when it comes to music. I'll play it.
YYR says, I would like spending the music that we could actually hear in a club. Tiger class is probably not because I don't listen to hip hop.
Biohaze says, I would only be interested if you could load music from your hard drive and play it from that. Otherwise, not interested. Frisbee says, simply, no, not interested.
Dark Tetsuya said, yeah, if they had like an in-store demo or something, I'd at least try it once.
Liu Shen says, not really. Songs kill it for me, to be honest. Acidic Vampire says, I agree with Dark Tetsuya. I'd have to try it out first before I can judge it, but I'm not really into hip hop, but it could be fun.
Misty says, I'd probably get it eventually when I can eBay it for like half price. Milkshake is an in-joke bonus for me. There you go.
Two words would actually swing it a little bit for me. Beastie Boys.
How about 911 is a joke?
That's some old school public enemy.
Well, I mean, there's going to be like 40 some songs and that's only like six of them. I mean, like I said, it's five months away. And we don't even know anything about like DJ Hero. I mean, that game could be completely lame. Unfortunately, I don't think it's going to be much different other than exchanging out a turntable for, you know, the guitar controller.
We'll be very interested to see what develops. We definitely have an eye on this game. Meanwhile, let's move on and talk about games we've had our eyes on this week, or in Dark Soccer's case, the past two weeks. How was your gaming week?
Actually, it was pretty bare because I started school this week. I pretty much just played some Fable and a little Ragnarok and that was it. I just really have not had a whole lot of time to play much of anything else.
School does that, doesn't it?
Oh, I played some Katamari on my phone, but I kept getting interrupted. So I haven't gotten past the first stage. Oh, and lots of solitaire.
Awesome. Loki.
And I finished a book.
What's that?
V, the second generation.
How was that?
That was freaking amazing.
You've talked a lot about V.
Book review.
Okay, quick. For those that don't know what V is. V, it was a series that came on in the early 80s about these visitors from outer space who came trying to be, you know, on the surface they were friendly. It turned out they were trying to steal all of our water and eat everybody.
And they were really lizard people underneath. And you can actually read the DVDs, but the creator of the first series did not like how they continued the series when they did the TV series in V, The Final Battle.
So he actually wrote a book about what the world would be like 20 years after what he envisioned going on happened.
And it's, it's like watching, it reads like watching the episodes. It's very, very visual and, you know, in far as how it's been in the description.
And it's just a fantastic book. So if anyone's a fan of V, get the book, just get it, get it, get it.
And yes, Robert Englund was in V. He was in there as Willy and that character is in the book.
That was a question from our chat room, acidic vampire. Very, very nice.
Who knew that you were going to get a book review listening to Orange Librator tonight?
I'm fucking literal, okay? I love reading. Books are fun.
All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
Books are fundamental.
Books are fun to burn. Just kidding. How was your gaming week, Loki, outside of...
Not very, not very well. It's just, uh, Grand Theft Auto IV. That's basically it. Just played it at work and really went...
But not on your PC.
Yeah, most definitely not on my PC.
Yeah, that's basically it. Unfortunately, I wanted to play some other things. I keep trying to go back to Fable 2.
And I really need to finish, and there's no way I'm going to finish it in time,
Lost Odyssey because, god damn it, if Star Ocean is not coming out in like a month from now,
I'm not going to ever finish Lost Odyssey.
All right. I didn't know you were a big Star Ocean fan.
I'm not a big Star Ocean fan, but it looks awesome, so I've not played any of the Star Ocean games.
The first one was okay. I didn't finish it.
I guess I'm the only one that actually played quite a few games this week.
Well, actually, I shouldn't say that because I pretty much spent all of my gaming time on one game,
but I actually spent a lot of time, like for me, a large amount of time on Fable 2,
which is kind of one of those games I meant to check out last year, but you know, the holidays are so busy.
There were some games I said, look, I'm not going to get to these games until January, February.
Loki was good enough to loan me a copy of Fable 2, a legit copy, thank you,
based on what we talked about earlier in the show. This was a legit copy.
It's a lot of fun. I'm having way more fun with this one than I did the first game.
Are you being evil?
No, I'm being good.
I'm ambivalent.
I'm going to play it once good and then once evil, but I'm having a lot of fun with it.
Like, I really love how the world's very open, but this was the hilarious thing.
This struck me as great because I started playing it right after we wrapped last week's show,
and one of the big things, I know you weren't here, Dark Soccer, but one of the big things,
and Rice Princess was here, and her and Loki got into it over the story about Nintendo
and how Nintendo is going to be putting this, you know, they patented, I should say,
not necessarily putting this in, but patenting this mode where you're going to be able to just,
at a touch of a button, get little videos that help you with the game
and even just skip right over certain parts of the game or watch them played for you.
It's like basically turning games into movies or whatever,
and Loki was very vehemently against this, saying, like, I'm not going to buy the gown.
But what struck me as funny is that Fable 2 is almost one step away from that
because that little gold path really makes it easy to know where to go
and what kind of stuff to do.
But you have the option of turning it off.
That is true.
You can turn it off, and you can also turn this other thing off we were talking about last week.
Until I learned the world well enough, I actually kind of needed it.
I still definitely need it, but I veer from the path all the time
because I'm always afraid I'm going to miss treasure or something.
But the fantastic thing about this game is it reminds me a lot of Oblivion,
which is a game I really loved because there was just like an open world,
do whatever you want, go wherever type of thing.
But, you know, it has that multiplayer aspect to it,
and it's kind of in a much different art style, a much different presentation.
Well, the most important question about this, Rob, what did you name your dog?
Wienerschnitzel.
I named mine Dumbass.
Did you?
Because the dog is stupid.
Bark, bark, bark.
What? I already got that treasure box, stupid.
But I don't know. I'm having a lot of fun with the game,
just kind of running around and doing stuff and dancing for villagers
and trying to get people to marry me, although it hasn't been successful so far.
I guess I'm just not dancing enough or what.
There's something that you need to do, Rob.
Huh.
An achievement that you need to unlock, and this is one that Tiara told me about.
Okay.
When you get the pelvic thrust emote, then you need to go to the sheriff in the marketplace,
strip naked, target him, and do the pelvic thrust.
What happens? Do you get thrown in jail for a loop?
You find a thousand gold, and you get an achievement for it.
Is the achievement called that really drives you insane?
I think it's just called the perv or something like that.
Oh, that's a pervert.
And also, if you're playing with somebody and you dance together,
then you get more achievements for playing with friends and stuff.
That's cool. I haven't really been focused on the achievements.
I've gotten some just naturally playing through the game.
I got the achievement for being in an orgy. That was fun.
Yeah, the game's very adult.
You can get the polygamist.
I searched the drawers in one house, the cabinet or whatever, and I found a condom.
I was like, wow, this game's kind of an adult nature.
I was all in the ground and found condoms, okay?
It's so stupid. I was like, I don't want this. Ew.
Who would bury condoms in the ground?
God damn it. Dumbass the dog.
Wow, dumbass the condom-sniffing dog. Amazing.
That's it. We have to do a fable webcomic.
The Adventures of Little Sparrow and Dumbass the Dog.
Although I'm going by Master Chief because I have the special edition.
But yeah, I've just been having fun just kind of messing around.
The one thing I notice about Fable 2, your character never has to sleep.
Like ever. That's kind of interesting.
You can.
You can, but my character's been awake for like two weeks straight now.
If you have a house, Rob, I'll tell you this, and you haven't slept for a little while,
you can get the animal magnetism as your status or something, and if you sleep it goes away.
Interesting.
So you can actually be like ugly.
Right now my character needs to seriously buy a lot of celery.
For what?
Because she's been eating meat pie, and she's a little chubby.
ActDeafed in chat says, VGCats beat you to that webcomic idea and linked to VGCats recent edition.
I'll have to look at that a little later.
I haven't looked at VGCats in ages.
The rest of my gaming week, I have some news that might come as a bit of a shock to some of our regular listeners.
I made a conscious decision this morning to cancel my World of Warcraft account.
Why are you applauding that? Don't be mean.
I'll see how long it lasts.
She's skeptic.
No, but just, yeah, I cancelled it.
Why?
I don't need to say much more.
Nothing anybody did in game, no drama, nothing like that, but just kind of the thing that it really was starting to feel like.
Even I was starting to go, I'm playing this game too much.
So I pulled the plug, because I can do that.
I have enough self-control where I can do that.
So I might not have much, but I had enough where I was finally just able to recognize, you know what, I'm starting to treat this like a second job.
I need to step away.
At what point would you just say done?
I need to level up in real life for a little while.
So that's my big shocking news.
Yeah, we'll see how long it lasts.
I know, be skeptical, it's fine, I deserve it.
Especially after quitting and going back to Final Fantasy XI.
But I do want to make it clear, I did not quit World of Warcraft to go back to Final Fantasy XI.
I can safely say, I have had lulls, but I'm still playing Ragnarok online!
After eight years, nine years, sorry.
You know what, and now that I'm finally done with WoW for the foreseeable future, I should actually go check out Ragnarok for a little bit.
But I also, here's the problem, I don't want to ditch one MMO and then just go play another MMO.
The good thing about Ragnarok though, is that really, especially if you play on a private server, it's just like, oh whatever.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll do this, okay I'm done.
It's not like, ugh, grind!
Oh, actually Rob, I'll tell you what, I'm actually going to be joining another private server for a different game.
We are starting V.O.L. Army on Phantasy Star Online.
Really?
Another Blue Burst server.
Are those still around?
They are, and they have all the Japanese quest updates, and people are translating them.
Weird.
Is it official, or is it all under the table bootleg stuff?
It's all under the table, but Sega don't care.
Huh.
Sega was actually letting you transfer some of your characters over.
I really liked Phantasy Star Online, and that's not, you don't get that immersed in that, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's something that you can sit and play through a little bit, you can play it all day if you want to, you can play it a little bit if you want to.
Yeah.
And you can also kick wrappies.
Which is fantastic, I hate wrappies.
So, you should do that.
Alright.
As I say 100, Matt's suggesting I go back to DDR.
Actually, I would love to play DDR, but they don't really have a machine around here.
We should play.
We'll see, we'll see.
Alright, anyway.
Okay, we've talked plenty about gaming weeks, we're like more than 30 minutes into the show, we haven't even touched gaming news yet.
But first, I want to say housekeeping.
Real quick, housekeeping.
I think this is great.
Orange Lounge Radio, part of what makes this show so special and has made this show last so long is the fan community we have behind the show.
And the listeners that we have that come out on Sunday nights, you know, it might not be a huge group, you know, we don't have the following that some of these very large game spots, one ups, whatever the world have.
But, we have a small, loyal following, and they have put together a new little game, it's called Orange Lounge Revolution Second Mix.
And it's like a DDR clone thing, I believe it's like an expansion you actually load into StepMania or something like that.
Orange Lounge Revolution Second Mix, the demo or what have you was released, and you can load it into StepMania.
It's all these in-jokes from Orange Lounge Radio, but now in DDR.
Like they have Still Alive as one of the songs, and then I don't know, some recording of me singing a DDR song from like five years ago somehow made it in here.
Whatever, if that's what you want to hear.
They've got all these interesting little songs in there, so check that out.
It's available right there on our web forums at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, which also, if you weren't listening last week, there's a new Orange Lounge Radio website on the way, finally, and it's beautiful and we can't wait to get it launched.
Lies! Lies!
I know, I won't believe it until I see it either.
Well, you did too.
Big thanks to everybody in our community that helped out with that, because we didn't do anything.
We didn't.
We did.
Well.
That looks nice.
Yes, we approved it.
But this is why Jamie thinks she can start a cult, because shit like this happens.
She didn't ask for it.
It's been presented to her as a gift.
It's an offering.
They like to please me.
Is the Jamie pleased?
My people. My people.
My people.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's go ahead and get into gaming news.
We haven't talked to anything about gaming news yet.
Let's please get into that.
Yes we did.
What?
Well, you know, we talked about Scratch.
That was more of like a gaming exclusive.
Let's get into the news that you read everywhere else on the internet now.
Yes.
Of course, we are big fans of Katamari.
And, you know, Takahashi's brand new game, Noby Noby Boy, which I still don't know what exactly you have to do in this.
But ironically, Katamari is not fans of us.
Yes.
How I forget.
How 2006 with me, I know.
I know.
Anyways, Noby Noby Boy will be available on the Playstation Network February 19th.
It is coming out at a whopping five bucks.
Hell yeah.
That's a price I could pay.
The price is right.
Now, has anybody figured out what the hell you do in this game yet?
It looks like a really fucked up version of Snake.
You, I guess, stretch and eat things.
I don't know.
It's kind of creepy.
They should make a live action movie where, like, Noby Noby Boy is, like, devouring the world.
It's like replace all the tripods from War of the Worlds with Noby Noby Boy.
That'd be hilarious.
But anyways, no.
No idea, but there is going to be some sort of thing that, I guess, Noby Noby Girl, which you don't see in the game.
As you're playing the game and stretching and becoming longer, Noby Noby Girl gets longer as well.
And all the combined, basically everybody in the world that's playing this game contributes to her getting longer.
And after she gets, you know, so long, it unlocks a new level for you.
So everybody is kind of working to unlock new levels.
That's just a cute idea.
That reminds me of old school, and here I go with the music game stuff again, but it reminds me of old school DDR Max 2.
With the unlocks that, you know, you basically have to play the game over and over and over again.
It's something the whole arcade community basically had to do to do the unlock.
Which I think is an excellent idea.
And then they release the codes, which retarded the whole thing, basically, by releasing the codes.
The world, the clouds look like tasty fluffy donuts.
Don't talk about food, you're going to make me hungry.
Are they talking about releasing a demo or anything so I can at least try this game out?
Or am I just going to have to basically throw $5 into the wind and hope that, you know, just because it has the Katamari guy's name on it, it's cool?
There's no mention of a demo at all, but most of the PSN games do get demos.
Some do not, but most of them do.
What ever happened to him making childhood playground equipment?
I think he has.
Interesting.
And you know, I don't want to know what his playground equipment looks like.
Since he always comes up with these crazy things that eat things and roll over things and absorb them.
Probably kind of scary.
It's like Takahashi's Borg playground equipment, become one, assimilate into the playground equipment.
Well, also on PlayStation Network, LittleBigPlanet has not released anything in a little while.
They had that big Metal Gear Solid thing right before Christmas, and they were kind of on holiday break.
But they are coming back, apparently, on January 26th, I believe, which is tomorrow?
I think that might be over in the UK, I don't know.
But basically as of this next week, you're going to start to see some new costumes show up on the PlayStation Network.
It starts with the Chinese New Year costumes.
Oh, I see.
They come out on January 26th, the rest of the costumes go with the regular updates.
The cool thing is the Chinese New Year costumes are going to be free.
They haven't said exactly how much the other packs are going to cost.
Including a Groundhog Day costume, a Valentine's Day mini pack, an Ape Escape costume, and a Toro costume.
Both of which are from Japan.
And a Wipeout costume kit.
Which is kind of interesting.
But what I also thought was, and caught my eye, was on January 29th, with the Groundhog Day costume,
a God of War mini pack is coming out with a Kratos costume.
And I don't know if that means a God of War level thing?
Which it sounds like it might be.
That would be the download content that was available if you pre-ordered the game and game stuff.
That's the other thing I'm wondering.
Or is it just the...
Well, I got one of those.
Even though I didn't pre-order the game, they gave me the slip anyway.
It was only a costume.
It wasn't a lot of other stuff.
There were stickers also that were with that, I think.
Were there? Maybe there were. I just don't remember getting them.
Because remember the big controversy was someone made a level, a God of War level with those stickers
and it got banned from there because...
Well then if that's coming out, where's the Heavenly Sword and all the other stuff that was supposed to come out too?
That's my other question.
Well...
Later?
Hmm.
I guess so.
But I guess this would be a sign for those that got frustrated because they didn't get the pre-order bundle.
They will be able to get the content, although you can betcha it's going to cost money.
You can betcha.
It'll cost money.
Especially in this economy.
They gotta make money wherever they can, right?
I guess so.
But, you know, money is...
Wonderful.
I was gonna say running short and the recession's hitting, you know.
It's really on a worldwide basis.
Eidos closed, they're actually closing their Manchester studio so that they can do just the big name games
instead of, you know, developing smaller ones.
They wanna put as quoted as high quality titles that will deliver long term franchise value.
Whatever.
So basically it's just 14 people and all they did was make mobile games.
But...
Still, for those 14 people, you know.
And there's been a lot of, you know, just cutback news across the industry.
Every week we're reporting on something.
And, you know, I know when we were doing the call earlier with Bobby Blackwell from the show before us,
you know, he's been joking about how his show is just one downer after another.
Not, you know, because it's bad content.
But just the news has just been layoff, layoff, layoff.
And then even, you know what, I don't know if you guys know this.
I think we talked about it a little on the show last week.
But there was the Gamerscore blog at Xbox site that, you know, they did a lot for the community.
And in fact, they were a big reason why we were able to get our gamer pic.
They worked with all games for us to get our gamer pic on Xbox Live Marketplace.
The team was laid off on Thursday.
Aww.
I know. Bummer, huh?
That's just...
It's especially kinda, ooh, kinda hit you right in the gut when some of these people were famous for the podcasts
and vidcasts that they had developed that caught Microsoft's eye and hired them on.
And some of them had, like, relocated themselves out there.
And unfortunately, the world works in mysterious ways.
But for what it's worth, I was laid off about seven years ago from a job I really enjoyed.
It had nothing to do with gaming, but it was just, you know, the people and stuff.
And getting laid off from that job led me to a job that eventually I liked so much more in, like, a full career.
So, you know, I'm hoping that others, although, you know, are getting laid off and stuff,
hopefully when things settle down and the economy starts to come back,
because what goes down must go back up eventually,
people are gonna find something they really, really like and hopefully it won't be such a bad thing.
So, that's my little philosophical moment for the day.
Sorry to be Miss Sunshine, but, you know, I'm just a ray of freaking sunshine today, aren't I?
You're poopin' rainbows.
Somehow I don't think I'd be welcomed in your cult, pooping rainbows.
Sure, you can poop some rainbows in my cult.
Right. That's what I do.
Rob is the high priest of rainbow poop.
Well, you make it sound so dignified.
Alright, anyway, sorry to those 14 folks. Hopefully they'll bounce back eventually.
Yeah. Well, in other fun news, there's another PSP firmware update.
Hooray!
You may remember there was an exploit that was recently discovered using GripShift
that would allow people to run homebrew on a PSP 3000 system.
Well, you can imagine that this new 5.03 firmware addresses security vulnerabilities.
And basically it's layman's terms for we fixed the GripShift exploit, now you can't do it anymore.
So if you want to run homebrew onto your, you know, PSP 3000, I suggest that you don't update your system yet
and just wait for them to find another way.
The few more days before they figure out a way to put a custom firmware onto the PSP 3000 and then it won't matter anymore.
How many days has it been since this came out?
Man, like a week or so.
Ooh, they're slackin'. The hacking community's slackin'.
Usually it takes them, what, like 48 hours to get around the latest Sony patch?
It's a new, firmwares aren't, I mean, making new firmwares is not a big deal.
And a lot of times if it's something like this that just fixes one little vulnerability,
they're not going to make a custom firmware for it.
But developing a firmware for a new system like the PSP 3000, that's different.
Because they have to find a way to load it on there and that kind of stuff.
So that's a little bit complicated.
But once they do that, then, you know, any other updates, like say a 5.1 or 5.2 or something like that,
that change a few things, add a couple features, those they can incorporate pretty easy.
Because they normally don't change the firmware too much from update to update.
They're just adding different things or updating different PRXs and stuff.
Alrighty. Well, you know, we don't get to report very often about PSP games that sound pretty interesting
because, you know, not to say there's like no interesting games on PSP, but it's been a little while.
The PSP's been kind of lacking on a lot of the big games lately.
But this game sounds kind of interesting. It's a game called Yusha 30, which translates to the name Brave 30.
And apparently this showed up, I think, in a recent edition of Fumicha magazine.
It's a countdown that everyone thought that was Zelda 2.
Oh, okay. I see. Well, what it is, it actually ends up being a game that,
the 30 plays a significant thing in the game because you play four different games,
but you play them 30 seconds a piece.
Each of the four games has their own character, their own mode, like one of them's a side scroller,
one of them's a shooter, one of them's a strategy game, and one of them's an action game.
But you play them 30 seconds at a time.
And there's, I guess, some type of clock in the middle of the screen,
and then after the 30 seconds is up, you go to another mini-game.
Interesting. I don't know, but a game like WarioWare that's made up of nothing but 30 second games is actually kind of cool.
So this could be very interesting. I don't know. It's very Japan.
But I wonder if they'll bring it over here. Looks like it could be kind of cool.
Maybe. Game Guru says, so it's WarioWare with less games. I don't know, not necessarily.
It could be that, you know, the mini-games are all different types of side scrolling games,
different types of shooting games. But I would say it's, yeah, like a WarioWare meets an RPG,
like Act F says. Sounds a little bit like it. I don't know.
It'll be hard to say until I can actually play the game, right?
So we'll see. That'll be coming out eventually.
Well, here's something for our rumor mill, if we don't mind.
Actually, I'm sorry, that's not a rumor mill. I was looking at the wrong story.
Well, no.
I'm just pissed off over my USB gloves. They're not warming up.
I have USB handwarming gloves.
How exactly hot can USB handwarming gloves get?
They're freaking hot, because I got the cheap shitty ones that don't have any padding on the inside,
so it's like, I'm going to burn your palms now.
So I have to use them, though, with my USB hub, and they don't get as hot using my hub.
Anyway, so how about some Wipeout love?
Wipeout?
Actually, this actually is a rumor.
Sony is considering bringing a port of Wipeout to the PSP, as you know.
PS2.
PS2, sorry.
Bringing Wipeout to PS2 has actually got the information from a European release list,
so hey, maybe that could be it.
It's actually Wipeout Pulse, sorry.
And also, other things on that particular list is one of them is Fat Princess to be out in March.
I really don't know.
That game looked kind of cute, but again, it's one of those things where it's like,
a lot of these PlayStation Network games, like we see trailers and teasers for them,
and it's like, WTF?
I need to know more about these games.
Like, put this up there, Fat Princess up there with this Noby Noby boy or whatever.
Kind of interesting.
It's the PSP one? Is the PSP going to the PS2 again?
Yes.
Okay, that makes sense then.
Alright, well, we'll see.
I mean, I like the Wipeout games. I have the download one.
I have the NEGCon.
I'm glad to have another reason to use it.
Alright.
Well, there's some other games coming out in case you can't wait until March.
This week there's a few games, starting off with MLB Front Office Manager
on PS3, PC, and Xbox 360.
Kind of the baseball take on NFL Head Coach.
Also on PS3 and Xbox 360, Afro Samurai coming to us from Namco Bandai.
Looks pretty cool.
Very bloody.
Movie tie-in game Coraline coming out on Wii and PS2.
I don't think there's a DS for that.
Looks okay.
On DS, Imagine Cheerleader.
Yet another game geared towards girls.
And then, kind of a neat little DS game, The Chase.
Felix meets Felicity.
This is supposed to play a little bit like Kirby's Canvas Curse.
And basically you're running through a city trying to avoid things so you can get to your date.
Which is kind of neat.
Some other stuff.
Oh, there is a DS version for Coraline.
How'd I miss that?
Nobunaga's Ambition Iron Triangle for PS2.
They're still putting those games out.
Crazy.
And then probably one that a lot of people are waiting for, DJ Max Fever on PSP this week.
And some games that people are not waiting for, Jojo's Fashion Show for the DS.
What?
And Petz Horse's Ranch on DS as well.
And also supposedly this week, although I think it's next week,
Rygar the Battle of Argus on the Wii.
And that is it.
You know, I saw a song list for the DJ Max game show up on, I think it was Bamani Style,
one of those websites that's still very exclusive on their music games.
And I'm a little disappointed because I have to say this.
Look, I understand DJ Max has this very rabid fan base and is very popular,
especially amongst those that like the K-pop and all this.
But do they really want to sell this game or not?
Because I'm looking at the song list and it's telling me they don't want to sell this game
to anybody who's not a hardcore music game fan.
And I don't mean that as a slam against the game because, you know,
it's kind of a neat little 2DX clone for your PSP or whatever you want to call it.
But there's not a damn licensed song on the list, at least that I can recognize.
I read this whole list and I don't recognize any of these songs.
I realize DJ Max fans recognize these songs from the Korean version of the game.
But they already import the Korean version.
You have to understand, you are like the minority of the minority of the minority of video game buyers.
Like, the rest of those people, what is going to be the incentive for them to buy this game?
You know what I mean?
There is no incentive.
And I know, and some people scoff.
What, licensed songs and DJ Max?
Well, do they want to sell it or not?
I mean, I just, I'm kind of surprised that with them kind of trying to put out this game in the US,
they don't want to give me something I would know.
Again, you know, I respect DJ Max, I understand why it has such a loyal following and all that stuff,
but there's, they're not going to win over any new people with this strategy.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
So, I guess that's just me.
Oh, I just like the ad before you start, Japanese release dates.
Yes.
And this kind of ties in with Japanese release dates.
I preordered the Blu-ray of Advent Children, the one with Final Fantasy XIII, the demos.
Nice.
And I'm having that bitch overnighted when it comes out.
Nice.
In April.
When does that come out?
April.
That would be awesome.
We will have Final Fantasy XIII.
Fire up the Justin TV for that again.
Hell yeah.
Also, hey, speaking of Blu-ray, if Dark Soccer can do a book review, I can do a Blu-ray review.
I bought on a whim, Repo, the genetic opera on DVD.
It's awesome.
It's from the guy who did Saw, and I think the Saw movies are kind of dumb.
Or no, I think he did Saw 2 and 3 and all that.
I think those movies are kind of dumb, but this movie was awesome.
It's like a 70s glam rock, but it's like an opera, and it's a horror movie.
It's amazing.
Anyway, I just wanted to say that, because Usain Blu-ray reminded me of that.
Comments from chat, I went on that thing about DJ Max, GS68, who I know is a big DJ Max fan.
He called and did the review on the arcade version before on the show.
GS68 says, it's DJ Max. I don't expect licensed song.
Yeah, I know you don't, but again, you're the minority.
Surely you understand that.
It's just like back in the day, there weren't that many licensed songs in DDR.
Whereas fans of DDR didn't care if they brought a DDR game over here that had no licensed songs,
just all Konami artists.
If you're trying to expand your audience, or bring it over to basically introduce people that haven't played DJ Max,
it's easier to do that with songs that they may recognize.
They can go, hey, this is in there, I can play this.
Now, that doesn't necessarily mean it's going to be successful.
I mean, look at Beatmania, which tried to do that as well, and that didn't work out too well.
So, I don't know.
Well, okay, but the thing is, though, that, you know, again, DDR didn't really gain steam here until well into the PlayStation 2 mixes.
You know what I mean? Like, we had that first mix on PlayStation, which was, you know, even the fans laughed at it.
Conomics, which was basically fan service, nothing but.
Then we started getting into, like, you know, DDR Max on the PlayStation 2.
And then, really, I think probably about Max 2 was when we really started to see, like, a lot more licensed songs in the US DDR games,
and that's also when the game took off.
Really took off.
You know, the first few games showed it was probable.
Maybe the same thing will happen with DJ Max.
I don't know, but we'll see.
Anyway, sorry.
I think, if anything, what will help DJ Max will be DJ Max Technica when it comes out in the DS.
And if they decide to bring that over here, because there's a lot more people that play the DS,
and, you know, if they decide, maybe throw in a couple, like, I'd say even five licensed songs,
and that'd probably be maybe enough to get people to kind of look at it.
Well, we'll see. We'll see.
Anyhow, a lot of music game talk tonight. It's almost like the OLR of yesteryear.
Japanese release dates. Talking about games that are going to be coming out in Japan this week.
Ninja Blade on the Xbox 360, January 29th.
It's pretty fun.
As well as Tom Clancy's End War and Tomb Raider Underworld come out on the Xbox 360.
Heading over to the PlayStation 3.
Tomb Raider Underworld also shows up in Japan, as well as Lost Planet Extreme Condition getting a price reduction.
Again, that's in Japan.
Taking a look at the Nintendo Wii.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echoes of Time.
I anticipate there'll probably be a few people that want to import that sucker.
That finally shows up on the Nintendo Wii. It's been forever.
Wasn't Crystal Chronicles supposed to be a launch game?
Yeah.
And then it's kind of changed quite a bit.
On the PlayStation 2, hey, funny, wouldn't you know it?
Dance Dance Revolution X gets its debut in Japan this week on the PlayStation 2.
And the Japanese versions are always better somehow.
AR Tenelico 2, Melody of Metaphalika Premium Edition comes out also in PlayStation 2.
See, you didn't butcher that like I did last week.
What?
I said you didn't butcher that like I did last week.
Oh, sorry.
Soul Eater Battle Resonance comes out in Japan.
Do you want?
What is this game all about?
It's based off of a manga that's pretty hardcore cool.
Cool.
Trying to build, like, the ultimate weapon.
Also a game called Harukanaro Toki no Naka de Yuminoko Hihashi comes out.
Special comes out as well. I have no idea.
But that's from Koei, so I bet anything is some type of RPG.
It was previously released on the Nintendo DS to celebrate Koei's 30th anniversary.
Some more scenes that now have Voiced and all that, so it's a DS game upgrade.
On the Nintendo DS, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echoes of Time also gets its release on the DS this week in Japan.
Civilization Revolution gets a localized release for Japan, as well as a game called Vampire Kishi DS comes out from D3.
Sims 2 gets price reduction over in Japan if you haven't checked that out yet and you want to.
And lastly, on the Sony PSP, Memories Off No. 5, Togerita Film comes out, as well as Princess Maker 4 Portable gets a price reduction.
But probably the price reduction you're more interested in is Rockman Dash and Rockman Dash 2 coming out together in a value pack this week in Japan.
Also, by the way, actually a couple other games, Soul Eater Battle Resonance gets released on the PSP and Tales of the World Radiant Mythology 2.
There you have it, your Japanese release dates. Let's move on over to the kingdom that is united, the UK.
Dork.
Yes.
Actually, really not a whole lot of anything. Two games on the 30th, Cake Mania 2 and the chase Felix Meets Felicity.
Cake Mania.
And Felix Meets Felicity. These sound like real winners.
Chase is supposed to be pretty good.
If it's Felix the Cat.
No, it's the Chase. It's that one that's coming out in the US also. It looked okay. It's different, but is different appreciated? Not always. I don't know.
Alright, there you have it, your UK release dates.
Something else that might be appreciated is the new PopCap game, Pagle. Well, it's not that new, but it's new to Xbox Live Arcade.
It's supposed to be coming out in the first half of 09, if I were to guess, probably March, since I think that's when the DS version comes out.
And that's also when the new PopCap Arcade hits, Volume 2, which also features Pagle.
So it makes sense that it would come out before that.
Haha. There's logic for you.
No word on what the price is going to be.
Apparently people are thinking though that it's going to be 100 Microsoft points. Makes perfect sense, because I think all the other PopCap games were also 10 bucks.
Did you hear about the leak on Twitter about the iPhone version of Pagle?
I don't think that's really a leak.
I thought that news was kind of already out there, but apparently they made a tweet about the iPhone Pagle, which by the way, I believe was in response to our very own DJ Tyrant who used to do a show on our old station.
I remember, because I follow PopCap and DJ on Twitter, and he said something about, like, I was just playing Pagle, the game is fun or something like that, I wish I had it on the iPhone or whatever.
And then PopCap I think made that response, I don't remember, I'm sorry if I misappropriated this information, but I remember it came up right after that conversation, is that PopCap made this tweet like, oh yeah, it's going to come out on the iPhone.
And then the tweet disappeared and all the game blogs jumped on it.
But I was always kind of like, I thought they had already said that Pagle was going to come out on the iPhone. I mean, duh, right?
I mean, even if it wasn't said, is it really that hard to figure out? What systems doesn't PopCap write for? Right?
Yeah.
But just interesting, and somebody said it best on Twitter earlier this week, Twitter's becoming the place where people are actually getting the news, and that's kind of scary.
Well, Rob, do you watch much CNN?
I read CNN.com, but I reload that a lot at work, but I don't watch the station.
I want to say, I think it's the Situation Room, but one of the programs on there actually reads comments off Twitter, the CNN Twitter, and responds to comments about stories that are going on.
Yeah, we used to do that.
Kind of like how we use our chat room.
Yeah, it's crazy.
We used to do the Twit thing, but we stopped.
Actually, you know what's funny? I was going to bring back the Twitter thing tonight, and I'm not just saying that. Look, I already had it reloaded.
Already here on the screen, ready to go. I was going to do it during the break.
All right, all right. I was just going to say, yeah.
Yes, we are bringing back the Twitter interactivity tonight.
There are things that I normally post on my Twitter that are news-related. Thank you for reminding me. I completely forgot about it.
What did you post on your Twitter? Can I go back and read them on air?
Go right ahead. I don't care.
Let me see. Because I don't remember. Sometimes, a lot of the things you write on Twitter, you've already told me about in the past.
Sometimes.
You talked about Scratch. Oh, the Lego game. Nobody caught that one, huh?
No.
You figured out Lego Rock Band is shit, and you know what the new Lego game is.
Yeah.
You want to find out? Go find Loki's Twitter. I'm not going to read it for you.
It's probably just one of them.
All right. I'm sure they're going to do a million Lego games anyway. Hey, let's talk about another game they're going to do a million of.
Guitar Hero. Guitar Hero Metallica is on its way, and Metallica themselves have decided to leak what is going to be the complete song list of the game.
I'm not going to read through every single song here. I'll just kind of mention some of the songs that catch my eye.
Creeping Death, Enter Sandman, Fade to Black, Fuel, King Nothing, Master of Puppets, Nothing Else Matters, One, Seek and Destroy, Memory Remains, hopefully with Marianne Faithful intact because that song is awesome because of her.
The Unforgiven, Wherever I May Roam, Whiplash.
Some other artists that are showing up in the game, Alice in Chains, No Excuses, Bob Seger, Foo Fighters, Judas Priest, Leonard Skynard.
Is it Turn the Page?
Yeah, it's Turn the Page.
Why don't they just do Metallica's cover?
I don't know. Leonard Skynard is in it. Motorhead.
Cool. Ace of Spades?
Yes, Ace of Spades. Queen with Stone Cold Crazy.
You know what? I just figured it out.
What?
Those are all songs that Metallica has covered.
I think a lot of these are, yeah.
Because the Garage Inc album, remember?
Oh, that's right.
I know they've done Stone Cold Crazy because I've got it on my phone. They've done the other one.
Ace of Spades?
I don't remember if they did Ace of Spades, but I know that they did Turn the Page because that's one of my favorite covers of that song ever.
Also Slayer, Social Distortion, System of a Down, Thin Lizzy, lots of stuff in here.
I do want to also mention, this is what I thought was kind of interesting also.
If you have the download content that was the Death Magnetic CD for download, it will actually work the ten tracks into the game's campaign mode.
If you already own World Tour on Wii or Playstation 2, you'll get Broken, Beaten, Scarred, Cyanide, and My Apocalypse.
They'll already be on the disc for you since download content is kind of different on Wii and Playstation 2.
I thought that kind of interaction was interesting.
And they also announced that, what was it?
The game will be coming on PS3 and Xbox 360 at the end of March on the 29th and then the PS2 and Wii later.
Now the question is, this isn't set up like World Tour with the other instrument setups or anything?
No, it is. It's basically like Rock Band now.
Well, damn it. I'm going to have to buy it because it's Metallica.
Wow. What role will Metallica play in your cult?
The official band of the universe.
Alright.
Not interested. Sorry.
Yeah, I quit your cult. No, I'm just kidding.
I thought Abba got to be the official band of the universe. I'm very disappointed.
Abba gets official pop band of the universe.
Alright, fair enough.
See, that would be a game right there.
Tweak62 says 80s Metallica is great, 90s Metallica is pretty okay.
They should have a game where 80s Metallica battles 90s Metallica and see who wins.
How about Abba vs. Metallica?
That should be a game.
Alas, Abba, we knew you well.
As you get stomped in the face by Lars Ulrich.
No, all Abba would have to do is dress Metallica.
Alright, anyway. Let's move on with more news.
Do we gotta...
Of course. That's what we do on this show. I don't know if you heard.
Virtual Console!
Hey, hey.
There's stuff out.
This is UK stuff, right?
I like stuff.
Coming out to Virtual Console in the UK is Mario Golf for 1000 Wii points because it was Nintendo 64 game.
And Wonder Boy in Monsterland from the Sega Master System, which will be 500 Wii points.
You know what's funny? We were just playing that like three days ago.
Well, Dan was. I wasn't.
Awesome.
We had our entire Sega, well not our entire Sega collection, but we at least had the Genesis world portion of it sitting out.
And then Dan brought out the Master System.
So, we were just playing this the other day.
Very cool.
Yep.
Very cool.
I haven't been following Virtual Console in the US. What did we get? Do you remember?
Anybody remember?
Stuff. I don't know. I don't buy anything on Virtual Console.
I haven't either. It's been a long time.
I haven't fired up the Wii in a while either now that I've ruined Animal Crossing for my wife again.
Did your wife officially quit Animal Crossing?
Yeah, she's done with it because I ruined it for her. I started cheating.
Sorry to hear it.
That's because, you know, I got bored with it. There's nothing more I can really do.
What else was there to do but cheat?
Exactly. It's fun to cheat. It's fun to steal. Like, especially when those animals piss you off because they're being just assholes.
And you just go into their house and steal all their shit. It's like, ha! How do you-
How do you steal their stuff?
There's a code. There's a code where you can pick up their stuff, furniture, move it around.
The only thing is it doesn't save it, I don't think, so you can't just do that.
But it did sort of in the game that we played because I stole all the stuff and they have, like, crap on the floor now.
It was just, like, random junk that was lying around.
You know what I would love to see? It's been a while since we've had an OLR dream game.
I would love to see a game that kind of takes that art style of Animal Crossing or what have you and mixes it with, like, Grand Theft Auto.
I was on the same page with you.
When a villager pisses me off, I want to put a hit on him.
So what you're basically saying is you would like to see a game that's like Grand Theft Auto but-
Don't even say Happy Tree Friends because that shit ain't gonna cut it.
That game was shit, okay?
No, I'm not saying the game was shit. I'm talking about the actual show.
But even then, Happy Tree Friends is- the violence is almost, like, so ultra-violent that it's crap. You know what I mean?
Like, Happy Tree Friends-
It got really old.
It got really old, exactly. Happy Tree Friends got really old.
I watched three episodes and decided that I didn't like it anymore.
But I want something where when the villagers piss me off, I can go in the house in the middle of the night and steal their stuff and sell it.
Like, I want a dark version of Animal Crossing.
Animal Crossing Underground.
Or something like that.
Or Animal Taking.
I want to be able to kidnap animals.
Alright, anyway.
Let's move on. Other virtual console news, I guess.
Anyways, so.
There's a brand new game coming out. It's almost like I made it or something, but it's not.
It's called Super Meat Boy.
And it's co-created by Edmund McMillen.
And apparently, I'm not really sure what it is.
I guess it's a Flash game.
Kind of similar to N+.
And it'll be coming out to the virtual console sometime soon, apparently.
But they have a little teaser site available for it now. Super Meat Boy dot com.
Meat Boy.
GS68 says Super Meatroid. Then I'd buy it.
Yeah, it's actually on Newgrounds. They have the Flash game, so you can check it out.
I guess it sounds sort of similar to, you know, Castle Crashers or something, but not.
What if, instead of calling it Super Meat Boy, they called it Super Bacon Boy?
This game would be the top-
It doesn't look like bacon.
It would be the top- Well, they need to go back and edit the sprites or something and make it Super Bacon Boy.
Because it would be the top-selling WiiWare game ever.
Like, even more than Strong Bad and all that stuff. Super Bacon Boy.
That was a big mistake, whoever made that decision to change bacon to meat.
But, uh, yeah. Apparently it's extremely hard.
Well, I guess it'll be a challenge then.
If you don't cut it, you don't cut it. Ha!
Rob, give me a pretzel.
Stop making bad jokes and I will.
Andrew's not here to do it for us.
No more free handouts, says GameTap.
And it happened on Thursday. They removed 97 games from the free lineup of games.
But look, in this economy and with the whole changing of the hands that went on over at GameTap, right?
Because Metabully bought them out or whatever.
Or I think they went up for sale and Metabully bought them.
You knew some changes were going to come.
That's two-thirds of the free games are gone.
Including some games like Art of Fighting, Baseball Stars Professional, Bust and Move Again.
Kicks!
Uh, yep. Kicks.
Tomb Raider Legends.
You know, Rainbow Islands.
So on and so on.
No more free handouts for you.
However, it should be pointed out, you can still play these games on GameTap.
You just have to pay for it.
You know what? This makes me even more not want to use our service.
Why?
I was actually considering, you know, signing up for GameTap.
And then, now there's no point.
Well the games are there, you just have to pay for them now.
I was going to pay for other games, but I don't want to play for shit I already own.
Which is damn near everything on that list.
At least the good ones.
You know?
You know, I'm going to be honest, I used to talk a lot about GameTap on the show,
but I did finally cancel my account a few months ago.
Just, you know, I just wasn't playing it enough.
But now that I'm not playing WoW, who knows? I might have to go back.
We'll see.
And plus, I was a little sad I couldn't play Missed Online anymore.
Even though it was weird, the game was very weird,
there was something about it that made me want to play it once in a while.
I have something there that you should play.
I found my DVD copy of Pissed.
Oh god.
It's the parody of Missed.
I've actually remembered that game.
Sadly.
Somewhere I've got Monty Python, it's a complete waste of time, but anyway.
Alright, I've got a few more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to our break tonight.
Well this next story is Lost Planet.
Oooh.
News on the sequel, finally?
News on the movie.
Oh, now this is what Capcom spent their whole E3 talking about, right?
They are saying that it's going to cost between 150 to 200 million dollars.
And that's just a crazy, crazy, crazy ass budget.
However, you know why it's going to be completely awesome?
It's written by David Hayter.
Aha.
The voice of Solid Snake.
But seriously, wasn't Titanic made for like 180 million dollars or something?
Like in that Pearl Harbor movie, was that it?
That cost like a shit ton of money to make?
It cost like 200 million dollars or something?
This one's written by David Hayter.
It's just, I understand that, but most movie goers have no idea who the fuck he is.
He might be like a prince in your cult or whatever.
The first X-Men movie.
Oh that's right he did, okay.
Fuck yeah he did, he was a good one.
I stand corrected, I stand corrected.
But still, that's a big budget.
That's a big risk.
Hope it pays off for him.
I hope so, because it's David Hayter.
And also it's directed by the guy who did Spider-Man.
Sam Raimi?
Uh, Avi Arad though.
I'm pretty sorry.
Produced, not directed.
Oh okay, I was going to say.
Whoa whoa whoa.
No.
Now we're talking Army of Darkness here.
No, I meant produced.
Alright, we'll see.
Sorry, I was checking out Super Meat Boy.
He was playing with his meat.
It's exactly like N+.
You were playing with your meat, Loki?
Yes, I was playing with my meat.
It's exactly like.
During the show?
Loki.
I know.
It's so unexpected of me.
Anyways, so this is kind of interesting.
There was an announcement made this week.
Remember everyone was saying, hey, what happened to the Indiana Jones game?
Well, that Indiana Jones game that they were showing us before, not coming out.
At least right now.
But there is a different Indiana Jones game which looks pretty cool.
It's Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings.
It's coming to the Wii and the DS this spring.
And they had a cool little trailer online that kind of showcased typical Indiana Jones-esque stuff.
So that's pretty cool.
Apparently, though, they said that it's also been rated for the PSP.
And possibly they're thinking PS2 because if it's coming to the PSP, you know, they'd pour a lot of games over to the PS2 anyways.
So, very, very cool.
Well, maybe that Lost Planet movie that Dark Sakura was talking about earlier will get nominated for an Oscar someday.
Hopefully, though, with a budget like that, it will not get nominated for a Razzie.
And if you've never heard of the Razzies, the Razzies are the things that happened the day before the Oscars.
And it's translated to this.
Exactly. Well, that's what it is, a Golden Raspberry Award.
And I think they literally dip something in like cheap gold plating or something and they value the award at like $5 or something like that.
Well, they give away these Razzie awards to the worst of the worst movies of the year.
And I think I read somewhere this year, The Love Guru got nominated for more Razzies than any other movie.
That was that Mike Myers movie that came out during the summer a lot of people did not like, right?
Well, somebody else that is going to be getting a Razzie, Uwe Boll.
That's right, Uwe Boll has been nominated in five categories this year.
Worst Picture for In the Name of the King, A Dungeon Siege Tale has been recognized as one of the worst films of the year.
It's been nominated there.
However, now he might win that, but it might, you know, Love Guru did get ten nominations, so it might beat it.
But here's the other thing you should recognize.
Uwe Boll has been guaranteed an award at the ceremony.
He is going to earn the Lifetime Recognition Award of Worst Career Achievement.
This is all the clap he earns.
Linda Blair has earned this award.
Erwin R. Allen earned this award.
And Ronald Reagan once earned this award as well, because remember, he was an actor before he did all that other stuff.
So, Uwe Boll is going to be getting a type of Lifetime Achievement Award from the Razzies for his shittatious films.
Awesome.
Congratulations to Uwe Boll for finally getting recognized with the Hollywood Movie Award.
Now he can say, but now, see, now he can say the award-winning Uwe Boll in his movies.
Yeah, he won shit.
There he goes.
They should just poop and dip it in gold and get it to them.
They just might.
But now the question is, will he show up to collect it in person?
Because some people have a sense of humor about it.
Very few people go to collect their awards in person, but Halle Berry actually showed up the year she won Worst Actress in Catwoman.
She actually showed up to collect the award in person and told off the people in the crowd, but in a joking way.
And that's cool that she recognized that the movie was shit and could kind of make fun of herself.
You guys have to kind of laugh at that.
And if I recall correctly, didn't Uwe Boll show up at Penny Arcade Expo in 07?
When they couldn't get Jack Thompson, they got Uwe Boll and he came out on stage.
I mean, with all the shit that guy gets, that takes guts.
He is a boxer.
YYR in our chatroom is convinced he will.
He will pick it up.
He loves to be in front of the camera.
We'll see.
And Tigerclaw actually links...
Media whore!
Apparently, he's already written a speech.
Tigerclaw has linked me to an article that apparently he already wrote some weird speech about,
I'm glad to be nominated as best supporting actor against stars like Ben Kingsley and Pierce Brosnan and so on and so on.
He's just deluded.
You all know that's not a good thing, right?
This isn't a word for you being bad.
Although I hope that wasn't Pierce Brosnan and Mamma Mia.
How dare they give Mamma Mia a Razzie nomination?
How dare they?
Oh, yeah, good grief.
I realize Pierce Brosnan was pretty shitty in that movie.
Why isn't that nominated for best picture, Rob?
That's what I'm wondering.
That's what I'm wondering.
Alright, anyhow.
This is the part of the show where we bestow our own honor upon a classic video game.
Can someone update our wiki?
That Dark Sakura has claimed worthy of being a part of her cult.
Although sometimes if the wiki is not updated, the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki, which is on our website,
she gets frightened that she might accidentally pick something that's been picked before.
But I believe this pick is brand new.
It is. That I know.
Alright, so here it is, your classic video game of the week, Dark Sakura.
What should the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
Which is fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, if kind of dumb.
Gives it up a little bit, Rob. That's just an interview.
Did you hear music?
Okay.
Now, the Alex Kidd games were their own little fun dinky platformers.
Alex Kidd in Shinobi World was an attempt that Sega wanted to do to actually parody their own titles.
You know, how there was Parodius for Gradius.
And, you know, Kidd Dracula for the Castlevania series.
The game was originally going to be called, it was actually Shinobi Kid.
And it was just going to be a parody. You hear the music.
It's the music from Shinobi.
You hear? Anyway.
So, it was going to be just a cute little parody of Shinobi.
And it ended up becoming an Alex Kidd game.
So that they could perpetuate in series.
Keep in mind, this was before we had Sonic. This is Sega Master System era, y'all.
And, it was a little funny thing about it.
The first boss, do you see what he looks like, Rob?
He looks like Mario. His name is supposed to be Mario.
He does kind of look like Mario and he throws fireballs.
But he's wearing a samurai outfit.
And the more you jump on him, he shrinks.
How funny.
His name was Mario, which was supposed to be King Mari.
But they changed it to Kabuto.
But they were even going to do, like, a golden axe and a fantasy star.
And then we got Sonic.
But yeah, it's just a cute little platformer. You've got four stages in it.
Where you have the Kabuto stage, Raid of the Helicopters, the Jungle, and Battle with the Dark Ninja.
So, it's a pretty fun little game. I really always like playing this game.
This isn't an Alex Kidd game. Do you have to do those damn Janken fights?
Actually, Rob, I don't remember.
You want to know exactly how long it's been since I've played this game?
A while.
Um...
We'll say a while.
My freshman year of college, I traded all of my Nintendo systems for all of my friends' Sega systems.
For a week.
Just so I could see what the big deal was. That's when I developed my Sega love.
I had his power-based converter and played the shit out of this game.
And, um, Castle of Illusion.
Oh, the boss of this level looks kind of like the Oppa Oppa. I get what you're saying.
Yeah.
Oh, funny. Okay.
This is a big, fun parody game.
And I love the music. I just think it's great. And I really like- I really love a lot of the Sega Master System games.
I also love the American boxes for them, just because they're so shitty and generic.
They have, like, cute artwork, blah blah, grid background.
But yeah, this was an Alex Kidd game.
You know, I actually liked a lot of the other, though, Alex Kidd games, because there was the Alex Kidd Miracle World.
And, um, High Tech World. That was another one.
But this one is actually my favorite of the Alex Kidd games.
Alright, there you have it. Your classic game of the week. Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
A parody-rific game of some of Sega's great franchises.
That is gonna do it for this half of Orange Lounge Radio, but we're not done yet.
We've got plenty more news to report on in Part B, so stick around, guys.
We will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And hey, those of you that use Twitter, keep an eye out during this break. Show us your tweets.
We'll read some of your responses when we come back after this little break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, January the 25th of 2009.
With our 310th episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
These numbers are getting so high, it's just obscene.
And yes, that's starting with one. We've been doing this a little while.
Anyhow, show us your tweets.
We asked on Twitter during the break, what should Rob do now that he left World of Warcraft?
And during the break, you guys responded.
GS68 says, get Castle Crashers.
ActDev says, update the podcast in time. That or play more games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Jeni702 says, Rob should spend his leftover WoW subscription money on a super huge sandwich with bacon.
Om nom nom nom. That's actually a very good idea.
HarryAKA says, he should check himself into rehab before he relapses.
MistyOLR says, I don't know, work on the OLR shirts so I can do some pimping during Hey Sen.
That's a good idea.
ZakuPilot256 says, Rob should seek addiction counseling to prevent a relapse.
BlueSwim says, Rob should play kick the ferret with, of course, the ferret.
Just joking, DarkSakura. I heart the ferret.
XLink777 says, start a new drug habit or tossing a few tacos at people that don't like Abba.
I love it when we get last week's jokes incorporated into the show.
Oh, DarkSakura, I wish you were here for that story.
Some kid threw a taco at his mom over a video game.
And he got sent to jail.
The mom called the police. The kid went to jail.
That's fucking stupid.
What a way to teach him a lesson, though.
GioVedea says, doing anything is better than playing WoW.
DarkTetsuya says, start the cult with DarkSakura.
DJ Tyrant says, play Persona 3 and 4.
Had no idea Rob left because I'm playing WoW right now.
SchmittyDog says, Rob should either create an Abba tribute band or work on his musical career.
Have you heard me sing?
Crowzee says, he should make a WoW theme level on LittleBigPlanet and hope it doesn't get taken down by moderation.
There actually was a WoW theme level on LittleBigPlanet and it was actually kind of funny.
Biohaze20, the last one I'm going to read here, says, wait until something better is out.
Who knows when?
Who knows when?
Perhaps it will be one of these games we're going to talk about in this next segment in some of the news.
Is it a game you're going to talk about, Loki?
Do you have the game I should be playing instead of WoW?
I don't know.
Apparently it's a brand new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles brawler.
Never mind.
That was originally revealed last month.
I can't believe they're titling it this, but yes.
Apparently trying to capitalize on the popularity of Super Smash Brothers, it's officially titled TMNT Smash Up.
Yes, that is clever, Ubisoft.
Way to go.
Apparently it's going to feature arenas that will change throughout the battles as you might remember something similar to Power Stone 2.
Or even Smash Brothers, I guess.
You'll see players defeating their opponents either by knocking them off the stage or by emptying their health meter entirely, which can be filled with pizza.
Wow, if this does not sound like a ripoff of Smash Brothers.
I'll still play it. It's Turtles.
But it says apparently this is targeted for the Wii.
It says there will be no motion controlled attacks, though Waggle isn't ruled out for other aspects or context since the moves and stuff.
It's described as dark and gritty as far as the graphic style.
And I guess Turtles co-creator Peter Laird is penning the single story or single player story.
And currently, as far as the roster goes, Ninja Turtles and Splinter are confirmed.
Alright, whatever.
I don't know, it's neat.
I don't know, I'm a little apprehensive about these types of games.
Turtles!
It'll never be as good as it was right when the arcade game and the original NES game were out.
It's just not.
The original NES game was not good.
The NES game blew.
Yeah, okay, but at least it had a good soundtrack.
But the arcade game was the best.
The best home version of any teenage mutant Ninja Turtles game was Turtles in Time.
End of story.
That was pretty good. I'll give it to you.
It was perfect.
Alright, this might be perfect.
I don't know if there's a space for Rob Halford in your cult, Dark Sakura.
If you forgot, Rob Halford is the frontman of the band Judas Priest.
And he has copyrighted a new video game title.
It's called Metal God.
And this was discovered, a trademark that was filed on January 11th.
It covers computer games, video games, and game controllers for computer games.
Huh, Guitar Hero ripoff?
But just would like Death Metal songs? Who knows.
Death Metal Hero? Sounds good to me.
Actually, this could be kind of cool.
But honestly, if you're going to put out a Metal God game, I have one thing to tell you.
GWAR or GTFO.
That's all I have to say about Metal God. GWAR or GTFO.
You can get GWAR outfits in Rock Band.
That is kind of cool, but it's not the same thing as actually playing GWAR.
True.
So, GWAR or GTFO. I hope you're listening, Rob Halford.
I say that like he actually is.
I don't know.
We know you're an avid fan of our show.
A Death Metal game could be kind of fun, actually.
I don't know.
It's funny, though, because Robert M.
Good point, Robert M.
Robert M. points out, first trailer for Guitar Hero Metallica said,
Unleash your Metal God.
Interesting.
And Robert M. goes, coincidence?
Good catch. I didn't even catch onto that.
We'll see. We will see.
Halo!
What about it?
Is that a band? Is that a GWAR song?
Halo Wars, Rob.
What about it?
There is going to be a demo for Halo Wars on February 5th,
and it's going to have a beginner and advanced tutorial
so that you can learn how to play the game.
And you can just say, Fuck the tutorial! I'm gonna play!
Also known as Loki Mode.
Is that Loki Mode?
F the tutorial sometimes.
Like Mirror's Edge, because I can't remember what I'm supposed to be doing in that.
Mirror's Edge is hard.
You can also play through the first two missions from the story mode.
The demo includes one of the multiplayer maps, Chasms,
and you can play it in skirmish mode against an AI,
or you can play as a covenant in that game.
It's supposed to be out in Europe on February 27th with a limited edition.
We'll have the mythic map pack.
And I don't know when the US version is to be out.
March 3rd.
March 3rd. Okay.
I'm like a frickin' encyclopeo at the games.
I swear to God, I don't like...
Hey, it makes you great on the show!
I also don't know if that beta date is for us or for the UK,
but it's definitely for the UK.
I just don't know if it applies to us as well.
I'm pretty sure it's a worldwide thing.
It's the fifth for us, yeah.
It's a demo.
I'll check it out!
I own all the Halo games.
They're better, better, better, better, better,
be a Red vs. Blue introduction or something in it with Sarge.
Do you want a reference somewhere in the game?
We'll see. Maybe a unit. We'll see.
I do vote that they should have a new downloadable campaign that's Red vs. Blue,
because that would be awesome.
Just like they're doing with the ODST stuff,
but it just has a download campaign.
Talking about video game inspired fan tributes,
I don't remember if I mentioned this on the show.
I think I mentioned this before we went live,
but something, believe it or not, I finally saw for the first time,
ironically, the day I quit WoW,
was the Guild.
I don't know if you've ever seen this.
It's this YouTube thing that kind of parodies the whole world of Warcraft.
I only saw the first little four-minute episode,
but it's hilarious.
And I just want to tell you, people aren't that bad.
Actually, some people are that bad,
but I was never that bad,
if you've seen the Guild.
And that Felicia Day, she is very cute.
She's quite cute.
I've heard of her, and I know people loved her at PAX and all that stuff,
but I'd never really seen her before.
She was quite cute.
No, I did not see Dr. Horrible yet.
I was too busy playing WoW.
You need to watch it!
I'll check it out!
To go back to what I was talking about,
about the TMNT fighter thing,
I forgot when we mentioned this the first time.
It's actually being put together by some of the ex-Brawl team,
which is probably why it's a little bit like Brawl,
and Team Ninja.
Oh, interesting.
So if it's by Team Ninja,
does that mean we're going to get April O'Neil with ginormous tits?
I was thinking the exact same thing.
I'm being yelled at by chat for never seeing Dr. Horrible.
I'll see it eventually.
Eventually.
Three parts, Rob!
All right.
Three!
I'll watch it!
Eventually.
Mini Ninjas, this is a game that's being put out by IO Interactive.
You may remember them of putting out such games as the Hitman franchise,
or I think they did maybe Kane & Lynch as well.
This has actually been rated by the ESRB.
It's E10+.
It's kind of a cute action game.
I also talked about it about a year ago from last spring.
Unfortunately, no one remembers that.
Looks pretty awesome from what I remember,
and they do have a video online for it.
It's got cute pandas and dogs and stuff in it,
but it's an action game.
It's that broad family appeal type stuff.
And who doesn't like Mini Ninjas?
Now, I don't know.
I guess Mini Ninja sounds better than Big Fat Ass Ninja.
Well, it's also better than...
God, what the hell is that crappy movie franchise?
Three Ninjas.
Yeah, it's better than Three Ninjas.
Or Pocket Ninjas, because that movie also sucked.
Or Little Ninjas.
Isn't that also a Three Ninjas type movie?
Yes.
Oh god, I remember watching that.
It was so horrible.
What was the...
He called the guy a...
Don't make me go back to that place, Loki.
What was that, the Dollar Tree video thing?
Never buy a video for a dollar, because you get what you pay for.
Well, here's something you can buy relatively cheap.
Crystal Defenders.
This is a game put out by Squeenix.
It's a mobile and iPod game.
It's about defending towers, basically.
It's actually going to be coming out for consoles,
according to Fumitsu Magazine.
They're going to put it out on WiiWare.
It's called Crystal Defenders R1.
It's going to have Wi-Fi connection support in it,
and I'm not sure exactly what that means.
If that means it's going to be Internet,
or some type of functionality with a DS, or what have you.
It's coming out in Japan on January 27th.
Hey, that's this week.
1,000 Wii Points is what it's going to cost you.
Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network versions are in development.
They're going to be updated versions of the original game,
but are much further out in the future,
as they have no price or release date.
So, if you are a Squeenix fan,
specifically Crystal Defenders,
or are curious in checking this out,
it's going to get a lot easier for you,
especially if you don't really like to play games on your telephone.
Well, we know DarkSakura likes to play games on her telephone.
During the show.
During the show, but at some point,
she's going to have to stop playing games during the show,
and answer your emails at our mailbag.
Every week, we invite you to send us emails
at mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
We pick a few of our favorites,
and read them for you right here on the air,
and respond to them.
So, DarkSakura, open up the mailbag.
Send us some mail.
Just three.
Alrighty.
Hi, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi!
I'm a late comer to this podcast,
and I found out while browsing various podcasts on the Zune Marketplace.
Hey.
Well, thank you, Zune Marketplace, for the plug.
I'm glad I've stumbled onto it,
as it's a very entertaining podcast.
Greeting aside, I've decided to email the mailbag
in response to Skye's interest in Left 4 Dead.
I can say Left 4 Dead is much like Mario Party,
in that it's best played with best friends,
and not by yourself.
You shouldn't worry too much about it being horror,
even though my most cowardly horror movie loathing friends enjoy Left 4 Dead.
This is mainly because Left 4 Dead is less a survival horror game,
and first person shooter, as it is a party game.
I explained it to one of my friends best when I said Left 4 Dead
was pretty much rock band with the undead.
Listener, Ross.
P.S. I've decided to join your Steam community group,
but are there only 19 people in it?
I know there's got to be more listeners than that.
Maybe a little encouragement from the show?
Join it!
I don't even remember where the Steam community's at.
I know it's going to sound horrible.
I don't even know if I'm in it.
I don't think I am, so I'm going to have to look it up.
I didn't even know we had a Steam community.
It must have come up like once in a show a long time ago,
like when I first got Steam, and probably because I never used it,
it lost Steam.
But I will check it out, and I want to get Left 4 Dead,
and another game I've been eyeing getting on Steam is Mirror's Edge,
because I kind of want to check that out.
For some reason, I'm feeling like playing it on the PC as opposed to a console.
So we'll see.
I will check out Left 4 Dead, though.
Yeah, go find the Orange Mountains Radio Steam community,
and I'll plug it next week on the show, and then I'll play it,
and then I can play with listeners,
because I don't know a lot of people that play PC games.
So I'm sure there's a...
There you go.
We'll see.
Next email, dun dun dun.
Actually, I got two emails from the same person,
and one is a continuation, so let's just go for it.
Okay.
To start with, my brother just won a PlayStation 3 at work.
Let me reiterate.
My brother won a frequent PlayStation 3 at work,
an 80 gig model specifically.
He's gotten GTA V prologue, he's getting GTA IV,
and getting, um,
and my getting little big planet, ArtGivens.
I'm pretty sure he wouldn't care for SingStar, though.
We already have Rock Band 2 for the Wii,
and as well as a dedicated karaoke machine.
And yes, I really like Rock Band 2,
even though I may have to get more SD cards for downloadable content.
Getting the game for the PS3 wasn't in my mind at the time,
since nobody expected him to win the console,
plus getting all the instruments again for a new system
rather than using the Guitar Hero instruments would be prohibitively expensive.
True dat.
My Guitar Hero World Tour somehow got the cymbal wires cut slash torn.
Probably it's having a sensitivity issue,
so I've gone ahead and replaced it with the Wii RB1 drum kit.
Um, soon we'll see third-party drum kits for all the systems
as common as third, um, as third-party is, um, as common as third-party guitar controllers.
Um, also, dude, you could actually solder the wires, too, and fix it.
Um, anyway, I haven't seen, um, I have Saints Row 2
and the ported form of Orange Box on my Gamefly list.
I have to see what else to look into.
My brother's a subscriber of Netflix,
and will be changing most of his rental list to Blu-ray versions of the movies.
Is the PS3 Netflix streaming currently available?
Um, Xbox 360.
Yeah, it's only on Xbox 360.
Or, um, well, I don't think you can, using your PC, you might...
No, you can watch movies on your PC.
Well, I know that, but I'm not sure if you can use it, like, the Netflix on PC as a media, um, media server
and then stream it to your...
No, I think it uses its own applications. I don't think you can do that.
Yeah, they do have an application out there that will actually stream whatever's on your PC monitor.
So, using that, then yes, you could probably stream Netflix, but that, you know, you'd have to find that first.
So, there you go.
Any more emails?
There's... I haven't even done Rob.
Oh, sorry!
I didn't conclude this one, Rob.
And just for the heck of asking, will the TV tuner units for the PSP and DS,
although generally not readily available in the United States, become obsolete with the digital transition?
Probably.
What a good question.
Well, I'm not sure. Well, obviously not in Japan, because, you know, they're not switching over there.
I mean, that's only in the US.
So, um...
I would think yes, they're going to be obsolete.
If they're using the same type of technology, if they're not receiving digital TV signals,
which I doubt they are, then it's not going to work.
The TV tuners for the DS and stuff over there work with their network.
It's not the same as ours over here.
You can't tune in our stations with that TV tuner, basically.
So, you wouldn't be able to use them anyways.
I guess it depends how it works.
If it's basically hooking up rabbit ears to your DS, then it's not going to work.
But if it's somehow feeding...
Because I thought it was a digital streaming service over there. Was it one seg or something like that?
I don't know.
But I know it's not compatible over here.
That's why they haven't brought it out over here, because, you know, you can't use it on our network.
Not that I don't think that many people would be interested in streaming or watching live TV.
I don't know. I guess it could be useful.
Well, to conclude the email...
By the way, it was from Robert M., by the way. Just saying.
The second portion that was sent says,
As if my last email wasn't long enough, since I found them for $20, I went ahead and purchased the orange box.
Good choice.
Burnout Paradise as well as LittleBigPlanet.
Hopefully my brother can invest in a second controller.
I'm replacing OrangeBox with Fallout 3.
He found LittleBigPlanet for $20? That's a hell of a find.
I'd say so.
Good for you.
Unless he just means that he just purchased it.
I think the other two were $20.
OrangeBox and Burnout Paradise would most likely be in the less expensive range.
That's it.
Those are some good choices though.
It's over!
That's it? For emails?
Yes.
What a weak selection.
No offense to the people that did email us, but we didn't get a lot of emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you want to send us an email.
Well, speaking of Burnout Paradise, you're going to be able to play a lot more things in it soon.
Of course, I'm talking about some updates that are coming out.
They're going to have the Party Pack DLC.
Remember, originally they were going to have the Burnout Ultimate Party Box.
That was going to be coming out.
Actually, in the US, it's only coming out now as download content unless you buy the PC version.
The UK, though, is getting their own releases for that.
On February 6th, though, we will be getting the update along with the Party Pack download content, which will be charging that.
Lots of new stuff.
Of course, they're going to be adding some new trophies and other enhanced visuals and stuff.
In fact, the list of stuff that they're doing here...
They're going to have an in-game store, which is kind of cool, so you'll be able to browse while connected to the Criterion Games network.
And you'll be able to see all the game updates and purchases and stuff like that.
Tweaked vehicle handling. Earlier cars are now tweaked to be easier for newcomers to use.
And these cars are now slower, harder to crash, and less likely to spin out at low speeds.
Junkyard sorting. You'll be able to compare the stats of the cars and you'll be able to filter out cars and bikes.
Upcoming download content vehicles.
Stunt run timer change. They have a different timer now that starts much slower than before.
Allows beginners more wiggle room to start a combo.
Let's see here. They've rebalanced the events. All events have been modified to accommodate the new car speeds.
They have road rage tweaked a bit. Players are no longer able to get additional time once they've reached the target score.
Let's see here. Enhanced visuals. They're going to be fixing some of the in-game billboards and smashes.
Stuff's easier to spot. Lighting's been tweaked to make it more vibrant and easier to drive at night.
They have a new restart function so if you fuck up during a race you can restart it which is nice instead of having to just drive all the way back to the starting point.
And then easier barrel rolls. And barrel rolls are now automatic.
That's a lot of stuff.
And then of course the upcoming premium download content. The party, toy cars, and legendary cars I think are all coming out on the 6th.
That would be cool. And new trophies of course tying in with that download content.
Awesome. I love it. They have one that's sound the horn on the silver lake super jump in the Calvary bootlegger.
Cause that was the, you know, generally.
I know I love how they have all their cute little new names for the vehicles. I thought that was especially cute how they get around the copyright there or what have you.
Well speaking of download content, some very very highly anticipated download content probably by our very own Loki is the Lost and the Damned.
That is the official name for the new downloadable expansion for Grand Theft Auto 4 that is coming out on the Xbox 360 and only the Xbox 360.
The Lost and the Damned is coming out February 17th. That's right we finally have a release date. February 17th.
As far as how much it's going to set you back, 1600 Microsoft points. That's 20 bucks.
Apparently though it will be about 10-20 hours of new gameplay, new missions, new music, new weapons, and apparently membership to a biker gang.
One thing apparently that's not in it though is the voice actor who originally did Nico's voice in Grand Theft Auto 4.
I remember reading a story about that as well this week. Apparently just cost too damn much money for him to come back.
Well he was saying that he wanted more money or should have asked for more money and he's not coming back because of that.
The other thing that kind of sucks too is that Lost and Damned download content is basically it's own game.
So when you download that you don't get new weapons in like say the normal Grand Theft Auto game and stuff.
Because they say it just doesn't make sense that Nico would have access to grenade launcher or something like that.
I say fuck that. Who gives a shit about continuity? I mean I want my damn tanks and stuff.
But yeah I will have to download this because it looks pretty awesome.
But it's not something that's going to be fluid with the original game. It's like really a separate game.
Well they're going to have a portion that kind of crosses over with Nico.
But it's very brief. I mean like he's in it for just a second during a cutscene.
Because they're going to have to copy paste his voice acting from before if the guy's not coming back or get a guy to impersonate him.
Yeah which is kind of lame. I think they should just put out a pack later that's just over the top stuff like bring back the flamethrower.
They were going to have the flamethrower in this game and they cut it out. It's lame.
Bring back the flamethrower, the minigun, the tanks. Just go crazy with it.
And the Animal Crossing village.
And they should bring zombies in there. Like have it where you defend Liberty City against a zombie attack or something.
Totally rip off, you know, was it 28 days later or something like that.
Alright, well we will see what ends up happening with this new download content when it is released in February.
I'm sure the internet will be all over it. We'll see.
I'll tell you something else the internet's all over.
Porn!
I'm kidding. I just like throwing crack.
No, Mega Man! Star Force 3 actually.
Mega Man is actually going to be in two Nintendo DS titles.
There's going, and it's in the Star Force series.
There's Mega Man, Star Force 3, Red Joker, and Black Ace.
Which actually looks pretty cool.
I actually haven't played any of the Star Force games before.
But it's sort of an action RPG with what they call noise changes.
So you can actually use 100 different noises to combine that changes Mega Man's look in the game.
And also changes his abilities based off of earth, wind, air, and fire.
Fire being the greatest of all time of course.
And you can trade noises with other Nintendo Wi-Fi players.
So it's supposed to be out in the summer.
It looks sweet!
Yeah, I don't know.
I want more side scrolling Mega Man. At least we got Mega Man 9.
It's a little hard to complain.
Why can't that be ported to DS is what I want.
There you go.
Just make Mega Man 10.
But make it easier for dumb-dumbs like me.
No, keep it hard. It gives you a sense of accomplishment.
Yeah.
Well, you know there's a game that's coming out, or I should say it's not coming out.
It's a mature game by the name of Winter.
It was being put out by the team N-Space.
Basically they were behind the GameCube game Geist, which was kind of not that successful.
Apparently they ran into a problem though with their sales and marketing groups.
Apparently the game, they could not get behind a survivor horror title on the Wii.
And in spite of great sales like on the Resident Evil 4 and Umbrella Chronicles and stuff that's similar to this,
they didn't get the green light to basically make this game, which is lame.
But the game itself, very much like Silent Hill.
If you exchange the fog in Silent Hill for snow, you basically have Winter right there.
So I think they should sell the engine off to Konami to make another Silent Hill game on the Wii.
Because it looked like it was basically Silent Hill 2, just now, you know, on the Wii.
That sucks, you know, a somewhat serious looking survival horror game and they don't want to do it.
But yet they'll remake Resident Evil 4.
It seriously was so much of a rip-off of Silent Hill, it's not even funny.
You could have called it Silent Hill and people went, oh my god, Silent Hill, you know, that close.
So what about Silent Snow?
Is this game just going to slip into obscurity forever?
Do you think it's possible this game could show up?
It could come back, you never know.
I mean, they're going to have, was it The Lost Mountain or something like that,
I think is one of the survival horror games coming out on the Wii.
And there's some other ones, I mean Sadness, whenever the hell that actually comes out.
Didn't Sadness end up getting cancelled or something?
No, I don't think it's still being worked on.
That game looked pretty amazing and then just kind of disappeared.
Yeah, it may come back later if they start doing more games that are like adult on the Wii
and they end up being successful.
Because they can say, hey, you know, maybe we should put out this game.
Because if you look at some of the games, like for example, Too Human,
that thing was in development since the Nintendo 64 having Cameo.
Those weren't exactly great games, but still, it could come out later on.
Just because it's not coming out now, if they don't find that it's appropriate,
they can just shelve it and go back to it later or something.
Alright. Well, another game that you may not get to play, at least very easily, is Dawn of War 2.
And this is Warhammer 40,000, so obviously there's several Warhammer series fans out there.
What's kind of interesting about this, now of course you can get the game,
but you're not going to be able to get it at GameStop.
And there's an interesting little tug of war going on here.
The rumor is it has to do with the game's association with Steam.
Apparently, on January 15th, GameStop, they were taking pre-orders for Dawn of War 2.
It's going to be a strategy game, by the way, if you have no idea what type of game we're talking about here.
And then suddenly it just disappeared.
GameStop.com is no longer offering the game.
If you call a GameStop store, they will tell you that Dawn of War 2, you can't pre-order this game.
But apparently, previously, you were able to get a chapter command war gear set
if you pre-ordered the game through GameStop.
So what the hell's going on?
The game didn't get cancelled. In fact, they just mentioned that the game went gold.
THQ is behind the game, and they actually bumped up the release date.
So apparently, though, something's going on with Steam.
The game is requiring you to install Steam, and of course, Steam being the way that you can get games online.
Apparently, GameStop corporate not happy with this.
But the weird thing is, don't Valve games make you install Steam too?
Yeah, because it's Valve's programming.
But yet they carry those games. GameStop will carry Orange Box and those type of games.
Hmm.
However, GameStop is kind of pissed.
Well, a lot of this is kind of rumor, or what have you, but it would make sense
because GameStop does not like it when digital distribution occurs before the game is released in retail.
And this kind of goes back to when Penny Arcade Adventures came out.
Yeah, but I have to ask, why do they even care? Because they don't really give a shit about PC titles.
Because if you've seen their PC selection, it's like a shelf. I mean, seriously, who gives a crap?
I don't know, maybe it's the principle of the thing.
It's like, oh, you're really cutting into our PC sales, which are, like, very small anyways. Who cares?
Anyway, take this news with a little bit of, you know, caution, because it's not necessarily, you know, it could be some very strange misunderstanding,
but a lot of people are reading into that the game is just not available.
Because I don't understand why they wouldn't carry a game, because, I mean, that's potential for people to trade in other things that they make a high margin off of,
you know, to buy said game.
I mean, hell, they're doing it now, I mean, it's so ridiculous, they're doing it now with download content cards.
Oh, I'm gonna trade in some games to get a card to go download something off of Xbox Live Arcade?
I mean, like, or, you know, The Lost and Damned, or the new Tomb Raider levels and stuff like that.
It's like, really? Why don't you just buy a card? You know, a points card. It's the same thing.
I don't know. It's retarded.
Alright, well, we'll see if this is true or not. One of my friends that works at GameStop is swearing to me up and down that the game is still available for pre-order in the computer.
So, who knows, it could be some weird misunderstanding that got spun, but either way, that's what the internet's saying this week, so we'll see.
But I agree with Loki, you know, not that GameStop is really into PC sales anyway, you know?
And for some people, there's never gonna be a replacement for walking in, grabbing a box in your hand, having the instruction manual, all that stuff.
You know, as I say, why do people buy CDs anymore? You really don't need to, in this day and age.
It's still better to, you can actually, on Amazon now, you can buy all of them as MP3s without the proprietary crap that iTunes has.
iTunes actually got rid of it.
Yeah, iTunes did just get rid of that. That means you can actually get it as an MP3 format.
Yeah, it's definitely not on their website, that's for sure, and they have the other games available on their download service.
But, you know, I don't know.
I'm sure we will see an official corporate response from one of the two in the next week, so you can probably bet we'll hear something about this next week.
Well, how about some different type of news?
How about something different? How about everybody getting along and living in peace and harmony?
And pooping rainbows, like you said earlier?
Only you're allowed to poop the rainbows, Rob.
Sorry.
You're the official rainbow pooper.
Thank you.
So, um, the dude that did Braid, Jonathan Blow, that makes me snicker.
You're so mature.
I know.
Anyway, is working on a 2D RPG.
What?
Yeah, he's working on a 2D RPG, but, um, it's, uh, I really don't know what else to say about it.
It's just, it looks like a 2D platformer type of RPG-ish sort of thing.
Um, but he said that he, um, wants to say that, um, the, they're trying, I guess, trying to do something specific with the actual way the game plays.
There's really not too many details on it, and he, I squeezed the ferret by accident.
And, um, and, uh, he actually doesn't really have, you know, that much attention that he's paying to it.
It's more like going, okay, I'm gonna work on the RPG.
Ooh, shiny!
So.
So, in other words, he'll do whatever he damn well pleases, but this is what's capturing his attention right now.
Yeah.
RPG.
Hmm.
Well, okay.
At least he's not developing it for the DS, and he's not gonna lock himself into a room because he can't get a dev team.
Hey, that guy, that guy apparently, uh, finally let himself out of the room, trashed his room.
That guy had issues.
Let's throw a fit now.
I don't even remember that guy's name, and even if it did, I wouldn't want to say it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I totally forgot about the guy, except I sort of remember us talking about it.
Yeah, remember the guy, he locked himself in the room and was throwing a fit because Nintendo wouldn't send him a dev kit or whatever?
Oh, the retard.
Yes, he finally quit his little tantrum and trashed his entire room on his way out.
I know, I know.
But yet, here we are talking about him, and lots of people did, so whatever.
His game looked lame anyways.
Yeah.
What do I care?
I mean, it's like, he's like, I need a dev kit.
I'm like, no, I don't want to play that game.
That game looks stupid.
I don't care if he wastes it.
It looked, seriously, it looked like something you'd make with RPG Maker.
Like the old RPG Maker.
Not anything good.
Sorry.
I don't know.
Maybe he put ZZT on the DS.
Yes, they do.
ZZT on the DS.
Yes, they do.
I say yes.
Alright, more news.
Alright, well, in the tradition of download content for EA games, Skate 2 has now put out some download, well, I wouldn't even call it download content, you download a key to unlock crap.
Basically, it's a time is money pack, it costs you 400 Microsoft points, and it will unlock all locations, skaters, and gear that can be earned by playing through Skate 2's career and online modes.
So basically, for people that don't want to play the game, it'll just unlock everything right there for you.
Which begs the question, why even buy the game if you don't want to play through it?
So it's pay to unlock content.
Yes.
Which I always hate in video games.
It's pay to unlock cheat codes.
That's basically it.
They've done this before.
With other games, right?
Yep, Tiger Woods, uh, I'm trying to think of what else.
Ah, other EA games.
News about pay to unlock content makes me angry.
And here, yeah, AcidicVampire says it perfect in chat.
Chat.orangeworms.com, he says it's for lazy asses.
Absolutely, it is for lazy asses.
So to anyone that's actually going to support this kind of content and encourage them to put out this content in the future,
I'd like to dedicate a little piece of angst to you.
FUs of the week time, DarkSakura.
My biggest FUs go to, um, incessant bitching without the will to do anything about it.
And I'm not saying that that's what anybody in this room was doing.
I am saying that I have been hearing nothing but people bitching all week about stupid shit.
That they could just say something and it would be fixed.
That, you know, why are you complaining to me? What the crap can I do about that?
You know, or the, I'm up all night worrying about it.
What can you do about it at night? Worry about it when you can do something about it.
That's what my mother does.
She'll tell me about how she stayed up all night long worrying about something.
It's like, well, you're just making it worse.
And I've been accused of being bitchy about it.
But you know what? I really have, you know how much sympathy I have for the incessant complaining without doing shit about it?
Zero.
Mother Teresa, you ain't.
Well, Mother Teresa was a bitch.
Rob.
Only on this program.
No. Mother Teresa liked to make people suffer because it made them closer to God.
This is true. That's why all of her little hospitals were nothing better than hovels.
She wouldn't deliver medicine and would do nothing to ease her pain.
I didn't mean to open a can of worms during the FUs by analogy.
So yes, Mother Teresa was a bitch.
What if you were suffering from starvation? Wouldn't that make you closer to God because you're dying?
In her opinion, yes.
Also, Gandhi was a racist. But anyway.
Less controversy, more angst.
That's true.
At any rate, it's just, you know, for example, I have a friend who says she's gonna listen to the show and never dies.
And you know who she is. I'm not going to say on the air.
Who, at work, does nothing but complain about work.
About the same thing over and over again.
And complains about her family.
The same thing over and over and over again.
And it's the same crap that she does too.
And we're like, well, you know, all you have to do is this and you can fix it.
But blah blah blah blah blah.
Same thing over and over and over and over again.
You know, I know other people will be like, oh, well, I don't like this situation.
I'm like, well, get off your ass. Do something.
You know? I don't like my butt, so I go walking every day at lunch.
You know? And also, this goes in with it as well.
I also don't like for people to look for a crutch. You know what I mean?
To put all of their hopes in one place and expect that that is going to be the end all.
Oh my god.
And I would like to right now offer an apology to our president.
The very awesome and we have a handsome president too.
But I would like to apologize to President Obama on behalf of all the fucking morons
who thinks he can fix all the shit that's wrong in the government.
He might be able to get us started on the right path.
He might make a lot of good things happen.
I have a lot, you know, I've got faith in him.
He's, you know, so far he's made good on everything he said he was going to do, right?
You know? A person with that much integrity is going to try to do the best job he can.
But it's, you know, don't think that he's going to do all this shit for you.
You've got to help.
You know, everyone's got to start taking some responsibility for their own happiness
and for their own, you know, their own well-being.
You can't just say, hmm, my life sucks, and expect it to get better,
expect someone to go, I'll solve all your problems.
That's not how it works.
You know, there are no superheroes.
You just have to get off your ass and do it yourself.
If you can't do it by yourself, ask someone to help you.
But life doesn't fix itself.
You have to, you have to help, you know.
If you see someone out there doing good things, they probably could use your hand helping them out.
I bought ten cans of cat food, by the way, to help these people who were fostering homeless cats
at their own house in a no-kill shelter because they were trying to do some good in the world.
And because I believed in what they were doing, I contributed.
You know, cat food is an example.
But I'm just saying, you know, if you want something bad enough, make it happen.
It is a bummer, though. The economy didn't magically change overnight.
Did really. Who expected it to?
No, I know. I know.
If anyone expected it to, they're fucking stupid.
I know. Hopefully soon. Hopefully soon.
All right. Anymore. We gotta move on.
No, I'm sorry for ranting.
That's all right. Low-key.
F.U. Rockstar Games for making a crappy PC port of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Just reiterate that until I fix it.
And F.U. 2, the spring TV lineup for having too many damn shows on that I need to watch that happen to be on at the same time.
I can't do that. And you can't keep putting out cool shows.
Because then I get distracted. And it's not good.
I can't watch American Idol, Lie to Me, NipTuck, House, possibly Heroes.
Although it's supposed to suck this season, but I still gotta see how bad it's gonna suck.
Fringe. And some stupid dance competition show.
So you think you can dance?
No, it's that International Dance Stars or something like that.
It's got the Groove Blues on it, so I wanted to watch it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you're talking about.
Uh, is that it?
That's it.
My F.U. goes to the headache I have setting in.
Boo-hoo. I'm gonna have to go run in the house and take some ibuprofen.
Otherwise, um, I don't have a lot of F.Us.
I'm... I'm just... I'm in just, like, a bleh mood.
F.U. to being bleh.
That's what I feel like. I feel like, bleh.
There you go.
Uh, all right. That's gonna do it for the F.Us of the Week.
More angst next week.
Blow?
Blow.
Almost like a murloc, but I shouldn't say that because I'm now, uh, recovering from WoW.
If you were listening earlier in the show.
Okay, but I gotta say this. I was not, like, addicted to WoW.
Like, I hate it because I made this thing in my live channel earlier,
and I'm having people tell me these stories about people who are really, really addicted to WoW.
Like, okay, I was never that bad. I know how to go outside.
I was social. I went to work. I paid my bills.
So, whatever.
Anyway, I don't want to get on that tangent.
Uh, I will talk instead about this.
We were mentioning, um, or the chat room, I should say, was mentioning.
When Dark Soccer was talking about Obama, somebody had made the comment about
he's the first president that did his addresses on YouTube.
Tigerclaw said that in the chat room.
Obama is the first president to post YouTube videos of his addresses.
So, very interesting how YouTube has come a long way.
The Xbox Marketplace, too. All the different, um...
All the inauguration stuff. Yeah, that partnership.
I think they're also in the PlayStation Network, I don't know.
MSNBC.
Um, and also, um, that actually, again, this is something I was watching on CNN.
Something that I think is cool.
I think we're gonna actually see a whole lot more of this coming out of the White House, too.
Um, he said that he wanted to be, um, much more transparent and available for the public.
He said the president is a public servant, and that's true, right?
I think we're gonna be seeing a whole lot more.
Because, you know, there's actually a Spider-Man comic with Obama in it, too.
But then, didn't he not let cameras in when he retook the oath?
I don't think that was him.
Just in case he fucked up again.
No, he didn't fuck up.
The guy repeating it... No.
He said it right.
The dude repeating it to him fucked up.
It was just one of those awkward...
Fired!
I just like how he just smiled and was like, did you screw up?
I don't want to get too political, but the whole fact that they had to do it a second time was ridiculous anyway.
Because there's an amendment in the Constitution that says Obama was president whether he said,
I like cupcakes, up there on the stand or not.
Which I do approve of that message.
That should be the new inauguration. I like cupcakes.
Hired.
Anyway.
And I'm rich, bitch!
But I'm saying, I'm saying, my point was, look for more of this.
I think we're going to see a whole lot more of this massive internet interaction with our government coming up.
So I think that's pretty cool.
Well, speaking of massive internet interaction, there's a whole version of Street Fighter that you can play on YouTube.
I believe it's some type of tie-in.
On YouTube?
Yes, on YouTube.
I believe it's some type of tie-in with Soda Toys or whatever because they keep featuring this.
But it's interesting and I'll play it here in the background here.
It's like this whole little Street Fighter thing and as you play it, you can click on a button while it's flashing to make a move.
It uses like the branching YouTube technology or whatever.
And so I can select my fighter.
So let's pick Zangief because he's the gay one.
So I clicked on him.
And it took me to Zangief versus Guile.
And now all the buttons are flashing, I can do stuff.
So like I clicked Y.
And it took me to another video where I got punched in the face by Guile.
But I'll click A now and try to hit him again.
And I get to hit him in another video.
Where I got kicked in the face again.
I am not very good at YouTube Street Fighter.
Because you have to hit it when it flashes.
I hit it when it flashed.
No, you stopped.
See?
Oh.
You have to hit it right when it flashes.
Go.
Oh wait, I'm Guile.
I'm playing against Zangief, huh?
So I guess this is a good thing.
Woohoo.
Anyway, so it's like this whole little interactive Street Fighter game.
The user's name if you want to see this.
Patrick B-O-I-V-I-N.
Unfortunately there's no real easy way to link a YouTube.
But that's it.
Interactive Street Fighter on YouTube.
Kind of interesting.
You know there's something though that I actually am curious about.
Did you ever play Mugen?
That was the fighting creature on Fighter, right?
Yeah.
That was a long time ago when the chat was talking about there should be an all games interactive versus Orange Lawn's radio like fighting game.
And they were going to do it in Mugen except nothing ever happened.
Well I actually, I've kind of got an idea for doing an Orange Lounge inspired Mugen.
There'll be more to come from this.
I would like to speak to people who are familiar with doing custom characters for Mugen and sprite editors.
That's all.
Alright.
But how about some different stuff?
Jason's yelling at me in chat saying,
Fuck, there's no easy way to link to YouTube. Link the first video.
Now I can do that for you guys in chat but remember it's a radio show.
I can't like exactly sit here and go, okay, go to YouTube.com uppercase L, uppercase P, uppercase, you know.
I can't exactly read that little garbage code there.
Anyway, sorry.
That's what tiny URL's for.
I guess. Even tiny URL's kind of pokey.
You know what one of my favorite games was though, Rob?
What is that?
When it came out a few years ago?
Hydro Thunder!
Dude, that game is still at a lot of arcades.
It's like one of the only actual arcade games you see in arcades.
I freaking love that game.
And I played the crap out of it on Dreamcast.
Hell yeah.
Well, guess what?
There's going to be a spiritual successor to Hydro Thunder called H2 Overdrive.
I know.
But I'm looking at pictures and it looks totally like how Hydro Thunder looks.
It basically is Hydro Thunder.
They remade some of the levels from the original game.
So why don't they just call it Hydro Thunder 2?
Because someone owns a trademark for that.
Oh, lame.
This is supposed to be out I think by Raw Thrills.
So they actually should be seeing it at the ATEI Expo in London.
If any of our listeners in London are going to be there, do take pictures, please.
But yeah, it's official.
In fact, 1UP has a preview of it with the video and everything.
So check it out.
Coming to an arcade menu maybe?
So there.
We'll see.
Sounds awesome.
It's going to be in the corner of all the pizza places now.
So there was some games talked about during Ubisoft's financial earnings.
I guess they have a conference call.
Of course, some of these franchises that they're bringing around, not that surprising.
Including Assassin's Creed 2.
And this is all coming between now and March 2010.
So Assassin's Creed 2, Splinter Cell Conviction, which was supposed to come out a long time ago and kept being delayed and delayed and delayed.
So that's not surprising.
A new Ghost Recon game.
Of course, Beyond Good and Evil 2, because that's already been announced.
And also they let another title slip that they weren't supposed to talk about, but Red Steel 2 is going to be coming out at some point.
Now with Wii Motion Plus.
How did that slip in there?
Oh, by the way, Red Steel 2.
No, he's like...
I forget what it was.
It says we have lots of products coming for the Wii next fiscal year.
We have Red Steel...
Oh, I wasn't supposed to say that.
GS68 in chat calls it Red Shit Teal 2.
Red Steel was very disappointing.
But this isn't a surprise, though.
I've heard them talk about Red Steel 2 before.
Well, they have to fix a lot of stuff if they're going to do that.
But you know what, though?
Conduit looks awesome.
I don't know. We'll see.
Maybe they can do it.
Alright, when I was telling you my Warcraft story earlier about how I left and everything.
I assured you I did not do it to go back to Final Fantasy XI.
And after some news this week, Lord knows if I could, I might have been banned.
Because apparently tons of the hardcore players were banned from Final Fantasy XI this week.
Although, just joking, obviously I would not have exploited a cheat in the game as these people did that got banned.
That's right, hundreds of people were banned from Final Fantasy XI this week for discovering an issue that allowed players to create multiple items for certain treasures and rewards in areas such as salvage and assault by exploiting the game system.
This was some type of bug. Apparently it's been out there for a while. And Squeenix finally did some emergency maintenance on November 26th.
That was a while ago. They went back, I guess, for all those logs and all that stuff and figured out who did this.
They temporarily suspended 400 players and 550 players who committed serious misconduct.
We ban you!
You can never play again.
So there it is. Apparently a lot of these banned players were long-time Final Fantasy XI players.
So who knows, maybe they did you a favor!
No, but that's got to really suck to put a lot of time into a game like that and then suddenly wake up banned one day.
And I get told in chat by my buddy Miklatov, he says,
You couldn't if you wanted to, Rob. You never made it to Endgame. That's true, I never did make it to Endgame. I played how many years of Final Fantasy XI and I never got to Endgame?
Nine months of WoW when I was in Endgame. And it sounds like if I played on Jamie's pirate server I could probably get to Endgame content in Ragnarok in about an hour.
No, no, no.
That's like 20 minutes.
No, not even that actually. You can get to level 150 no problem after rebirth. But it does take longer to level to 255.
But that's interesting though. Man, these guys, you could say, hey they cheated, they deserved it.
But that's very interesting that they let this exploit go on for so long and then they retroactively did that. Boy.
You know what, if they're not hacking the game, if it was just like a bug in the game that did that, I don't think they should punish them at all.
I mean, to be honest, if it's your poor programming that's caused this duplication glitch, I think you should fix it and that's the end of it.
They should have fixed it a long time ago instead of saying, oh, well you exploited this glitch that was in the game. I mean, I don't know.
Well, Warcraft's kind of done some similar things. For example, I was reading a story about a guild that downed one of the new bosses called Sarthurium.
And one of the hardest things to do in WoW right now is take out the boss Sarthurium with what's called all three drakes up.
Basically you fight a boss and three mini bosses all at once. And this guild found this way to exploit the boss fight by, I don't know, you drag him to some type of lava or something.
And basically if you just let it go on and on and on for five hours, you can win this fight. So it's more of an endurance thing, but you have to do it for five hours.
So they exploited it, got the title for doing it because you get a title if you do it, bragged about it on the official WoW forums and found themselves with a temporary ban.
All the people that were involved and got a rollback on the clock because of it.
That's kind of lame.
I remember when I was playing on IRO, if there were item duplication and things to happen like that, they'd do rollbacks. Because doing an inventory wipe of just one character would be kind of crappy.
Alright, anyway. Well, that's going to do it for our stories tonight. We will get to last minute stories very soon, but we do want to open it up to you guys and let you guys have a say and give us a call.
If you want to give us a call, our Skype line is open. It's 1-877-GAME-OLR. That's 1-877-GAME-OLR, which is toll free in the United States and Canada.
Or you can give us a call on our Skype. It's Orange Lounge Radio is the name on Skype.
And we have opened up the Skype line and we're waiting for your calls. So while we wait for the buffer from our live chatty to get to the people listening so they know it's open, do we have a quick last minute story, Logan?
Yeah, remember that patent that they had for a directional sensing DS card? Well, apparently it's being used for some stargazing app that's coming to Japan.
That could be kind of interesting, actually.
Well, the app's actually pretty expensive. It's 8,190 yen.
Oh my gosh, it costs a lot for that kind of motion sensing technology.
It charts over 9,300 stars, planets, suns, and moons.
Strange. Hey, we got a call on the Skype line. Let's go to it. Hi, caller, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land. This is that guy that you can probably guess who it already is.
In case there's people listening for the first time, you should probably introduce yourself.
Hi, guys, I'm Jason.
Hi, Jason. Jason, our fearless webmaster. We're getting a new website soon, right?
We are.
I'm so freaking excited. Have you talked to Deek? We're going to have to come up with a title for him, too, because Jason is the webmaster, but Deek wrote the site.
So now we're going to have to think of a title for Deek, too. I don't know.
I was kind of trying to mold that over in my head, and I hadn't come up with anything yet.
Well, we'll think about it.
But definitely, Reddit is very important in all of this.
Yes, very, very important, and we have to think of a way to thank him publicly, so we'll think of something.
Anyhow, Jason, what did you call out tonight?
I don't know if you guys talked about this in your gaming weeks. I didn't see it in the show roll, and I missed the start of the show.
People aren't supposed to know that you can see what we talk about before the show.
I have secrets.
Alright, what's up?
Special privileges.
So, Konami Digital Entertainment released a certain demo. I don't remember if it was last week or this.
Is it sparking any... have you guys already talked about this?
We talked about it last week. During my gaming week last week, I mentioned, I'm assuming you're talking about Dance Dance Revolution Lite S or whatever it's called?
Was this seriously last week?
Yes, actually, here's the thing. Konami put out the press release this week, but the game's actually been on the store for like ten days.
But Konami is finally acknowledging its existence, which is weird, because one thing I will say about the game that I didn't say before,
one of the things that's in the game is this feature where you can hit the little thing, and it goes to Konami's website.
Touch Konami is what they're calling it, their little iPhone development page.
I don't wish to touch them.
Well, if you go to Touch Konami's website, they only have the Japanese website up.
You see a little placeholder for United States, and I think, I'm assuming Britain, but there's nothing that you can't press them.
You can only go to the Japanese site, which I can't understand.
Do you know if that's still the case?
So I thought when I saw the press release...
There you go. He's actually going into it right now.
My thought was that you would go to the website now that they put the press release out, and you could actually look at the website now.
But no, that's not up either.
So I don't know why they waited till now to put out the press release, but they did.
I'm just that behind. I only saw this, I just kind of stumbled across it during the week.
Did you know there's also a Silent Hill game on the store?
I think I saw it, and I just didn't get it, because I went to their company little section of the iTunes store, and I wanted to see what else they put up.
It's not even... They slapped Silent Hill sprites on a 3D maze game. It's not even anything.
Although the music's kind of cool, so I guess there's that, but yeah.
Yeah, and Touch Konami still has not changed.
Japan is deep black, and United States and Europe are gray, and you can't do it.
That's right, can't do it.
Well, what did you think of the demo?
So what did you think of the demo? I already talked about it last week, and now you know to go back and listen, but what did you think of the demo?
This sure is hell more impressive than any other mobile version of the game that's come out yet.
Granted, the last time a mobile version of the game came out was, what, the original Game Boy?
Yeah, but dude, the Xbox version had a better frame rate than the iPhone one does for me.
I don't get why that's a bad thing.
It's fluid and everything, because I'm making fun of it, because the Xbox one had those crappy, skippy frame rate issues, and like, my iPhone thing will skip while I'm playing the game.
It's a very nice-looking demo, and it's very pretty and flashy and very showy, and the song they picked is pretty good, but yeah.
I can perfect attack those songs on real DDR, and I can't even get a full combo yet on the phone version.
Yeah, I haven't managed a combo yet either.
It's tough. But it's a demo, it's free, it's hard to knock it, DDR fans will eat it up, so...
Depending on how expensive it is, I'm considering getting it when they actually release it.
That is what they're trying to sell their finalized product on, so we'll see.
And it is technically impressive for what it is. There's a character in the background, I haven't actually sat down and really started memorizing it to see if it's random or not, but there's a nice series of visualizations.
Everything in the game looks damn near the way it should be, the way it has been.
The character in the background, the music quality is beautiful. It's impressive, and I just have to see how much they're gonna charge for when it actually comes out.
You have to remember, despite all my bitching about Songlist and everything, I mean, frame rate and everything, you have to remember it's a freaking cell phone game, and not bad.
For a cell phone. For a cell phone game.
And like I said, especially compared to all of their other mobile releases thus far, which is also a very hard comparison, but it's still very valid.
True. Any other thoughts, Jason, before we let you go?
My arms hurt a whole lot.
Sorry to hear it.
I was gonna make a masturbation joke, but I guess since you've actually moved, you have a legitimate excuse, and I'll let you go just this once without making a joke at your expense.
Alright, bye Jason.
Night.
You wanna give us a call? 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Loki, another story to tide us over?
Yeah, sure. Let's see. Well, there's another WiiWare title that we forgot to talk about.
Pole's Big Adventure, which is coming from Sega. It is a parody of a bunch of 8-bit games.
It takes place, I guess, it's developed by the Phantasy Star Universe producer, and there are 100 hidden gangs in the game, including, for example, if you eat a mushroom, your character will grow beyond the size of the screen.
Very ironic, considering Dark Sakura was just a minute ago talking about, you know, in part A, I should say, about an hour ago, talking about a 8-bit parody Sega game.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no. I mean, she was talking about, like, Alex Kidd in Shinobi World. It's not making reference to it. It's funny that all these years-
Yeah, Mario. Also, I'm watching The Little Big Planet, Super Mario, Sack Brothers level.
It's- I've played that level. It's interesting. Anyway, the phone lit up again. I want to go to it. Hi, caller, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Uh, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Um, I just want to double-check and make sure I heard you right. Did you just say earlier in the show that you gave up WoW?
Run that by me again?
Did you say that you gave up WoW?
Yes, earlier in the show, in part A, I'm taking a long, extended, long, long break from WoW.
Is that even possible? It's like, you know, you're making the experience like saying that the Buffalo Bills is going to win the Super Bowl or something.
It is true. I'll post the screenshot of my cancelled account if you guys don't believe me, but it's true.
Uh, DarkSakura, maybe you want to check to see if you're, like, breaking a fever or anything like that.
You know, that doesn't seem to really, you know, make a whole lot of sense.
You know, simply because I know you are a big fan of WoW, and DarkSakura is a big fan of Wrecking Rock.
You know, you guys gave it up both games. You know, it seems a little out of place, you know?
I'm a huge fan of WoW, but I was a bigger fan of the people that play WoW and the people that I interacted with in my guild.
But it's not like I'm dead, and many of those people I already knew before I played WoW, and I will continue to know.
But, um, WoW is just getting to the point where it was like a second job, and, you know, I just need to take a break.
I'm not knocking the game. Blizzard has put a phenomenal game out there that people give a lot of unnecessary shit to.
But for the show, this is going to be great, because I've got like a million video games to catch up on, so it's going to be great.
Well, for what it's worth, I know you kind of touched on it a little while ago, but, you know, if you're looking for another MMO, personally, I can recommend Final Fantasy XI.
You know, at least on the two servers that I'm on, which are, like, Odin and Alexander, there's a lot of really great people on there, and, you know, we're constantly, like, doing stuff.
You know, whether it be, you know, stuff for, like, the new expansion, Wings of the Goddess, doing all.
I gotta say this, Fazinator, Loki and I actually played Final Fantasy XI for, like, three years for an ungodly long time.
I hear a lot has changed in the time I was away while I was gone in WoW, and a lot of it sounds really interesting, but it's just kind of a place I'm not really interested in going back to.
But again, not knocking the game. There's a lot of great things about Final Fantasy XI. I hope you guys have a blast.
But I think for me right now, I don't want to quit an MMO to just go play another MMO, at least until the Star Trek MMO comes out.
Then I might change my mind. But for right now, I'm not really seeking another MMO.
You know, I've tried Warhammer, I've tried WoW, I've tried Ragnarok, I've tried, you know, a lot of these games, and for right now, I think I just need to go outside.
Or play, you know, and play console games, too. There's a lot of great console games I need to play.
Yeah, it's true. Well, you know, thanks for taking my call. I don't want to take up too much more of your time.
I mentioned there's probably a lot of people trying to call in, so...
No, it's no problem, and I'm glad I can clarify and get the questions answered, and I know there's probably a lot of people that are like,
Oh my gosh, what? This is big news. But, you know, I'm trying not to make it such a big deal, because I don't think it needs to be a big deal.
If it was a big deal, then that insinuates that it was too big a part of my life, so it just further justifies my need to take a break.
Anyhow, thanks for the call, Spazinator, and have a good one.
A comment from RicePrincess, who's listening right now. Of course you love RicePrincess, she was here last week.
If Rob's going to play an MMO again, it's going to be Hello Kitty Online. Very tempting, Hello Kitty Online.
Very tempting to at least look. There's Hello Kitty Online. Yeah, I believe it's free. I might have to do this.
Another one looked interesting. 1877 Game OLR, Orange Lawns Radio. What, DarkSucker? I like Hello Kitty.
Me too. Loki? I was going to say, they keep advertising that free, was it Fusion, I think, Fusion Fall or something like that? The Cartoon Network game?
Oh yeah. You know, again, I have such a huge backlog of Xbox and Playstation 3 games I need to play, I don't want to look for another MMO right now.
The only exception I might make is something like, actually, something like Phantasy Star Online actually sounds like a lot of fun.
Because, you know, as DarkSucker has said, you can play it forever, or you can play it for like five minutes, pretty much. You know, just do one little area.
That sounds more tempting than anything else I've heard so far.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio, who's this?
Yeah, damn it. This is the, that one Swede. That called like on your year show and didn't know what to say, actually.
That one Swede. We love Swedish people. They gave us ABBA, remember? No, I'll stop making those jokes.
What is on your mind?
What was I going to say? Well, I played like a few more PC games. Plus, I haven't quit WoW, I just, speaking of WoW, I haven't quit WoW either.
But this month I can't play because I'm too poor to actually pay for it.
Other than that, well, what was I going to say? Yeah, F.E.A.R. 2, the demo was released.
Yes, somebody sent me a Twitter message telling me I had to, I don't know if it was you, somebody on Twitter, actually I think it was Twitter, sent me a message, Twitter or Facebook, sent me a message saying you need to check out F.E.A.R. 2, it's the best demo I've played in a long time.
I did queue it up on my PlayStation 3 to check out, so I will definitely see that for next week, but I'm assuming you've already played it.
Yeah, of course I played it on a PC. The thing is that the last five minutes of the demo is really kicking ass. I'm not even sure if I'm going to spoil it, but you get to pilot this mecha thingy.
You get to pilot a mech thingy?
Yeah, you get to pilot some sort of robot, whatever, especially since, if I remember right, the developers of F.E.A.R. 2, Monolith, they released an old game of theirs called Shogun Mobile Assault, whatever, yada yada, something.
Which was a hybrid of a bit of everything, since in that game you could pilot big robots, and they are quite big fans of piloting robots.
Here's my question about F.E.A.R. 2, was it scary?
Yes, it was. If you're going to play it on PS3, I don't even know, but I will say this, apparently it requires an almost hefty computer to play.
Even though I can say that, well, I played it on my old, one of the first generation core duo 2, and it rolled just fine. But then again, I didn't crank it up until, like, massive, so...
And what more? Oh yeah, Dawn of War 2 has been the multiplayer beta for that, has started.
Oh, and how's that going?
That's going just fine. It's sort of almost played, almost, almost. Well, it is Dawn of War, but it's most character-focused, in the sense that it's really commander-based, or something.
Random question for you. Did you hear our story earlier about the brick and mortar store GameStop, huge here in the US, I don't know if you have them over there, refusing, well, rumor, refusing to sell this game in their stores because of the digital distribution. Do you think that would hurt this game?
Well, here's the other thing, is that, well, I don't even, it might do, but here's the other thing. First of all, I got into the beta due to the following fact that I did bought Soulstorm on Steam.
And since THQ does have their, most of their games on Steam, or at least a few of them, that was due to that.
Alright, well, okay, Ripper, we're going to let you go try to get one more call in, but keep gaming. It sounds like even though you mentioned you were poor, you're still finding ways to get your game on through all these demos and beta tests.
That would be a good one, because at least I know the plug's going to get pulled on Tabula Rasa before too long, so I can't get that sucked into it. Good suggestion. Alright, okay, we got to let you go, buddy, but have a good one.
All the way from Sweden, my friends, AK Ripper, giving us a call here on Orange Lounge Radio. We love hearing from the international listeners, it's always a good time.
Again, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR in the US and Canada, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. Do we have another last minute story, Loki?
Mario Kart Source PC mod is being worked on right now, and of course using Half-Life 2's source engine, they're making a Mario Kart mashup game that takes the best features of all the other games and throws them all in the one. I am very excited about this news, because Mario Kart with custom levels, oh yeah, that'll be awesome.
Good times, good times. Let's go to the call of phones. Take one more call before we're out of here for tonight. Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Legend of Zaku. Hey, Legend of Zaku, what's on your mind?
Nothing much, just spending another lazy Sunday at home.
Me too. But I do this internet radio show thing on Sunday nights, I don't know if you've heard.
But yeah, I guess basically it's been going off with Microsoft and everything, pretty much you reap what you sow in terms of delivering products which basically call for people to get laid off.
Oh, are we talking about the whole Windows Vista being blamed for the recent Microsoft layoffs?
I guess. Well, either that or they're just trying to outsource the rest of the jobs. But besides the point, it just sucks to see that the folks created Flight Simulator pretty much getting canned.
I mean, they didn't have anything to do. That's a damn good tool for pilots.
That's a game I remember from when I was a kid.
Not only is it a game, but it's a resource for people who are really big into flying.
True, true. It's hard to call that a game. It really is a simulator.
But it can be considered a game in that sense. I mean, you do it to each his own, whoever enjoys flying around for several hours in a virtual plane.
I gotta ask you this, I'm sorry if this is what you wanted to call in and talk about, but I have to ask you because I know you're a big, big fan of Beatmania 2DX and that whole series.
I don't know if you've been listening since the top of the show tonight, but Loki was talking about a new game at the top of the show tonight called Scratch, which is like a hip-hop version of Beatmania 2DX that's coming out this June. Thoughts?
No, I'm not into hip-hop, unfortunately.
There are certain songs in 2DX, for example, certain other songs that are faster to scratch on. Damn, I wish I could name them off the top of my head.
Yeah, I mean, to each his own, I guess, as long as it allows a person to actually literally scratch on the DJ, I mean on the turntable, and if the controller for it is actually any good, if it's just like cracking DJ with only two turntables and maybe a crossfader, it could be a lot more realistic than 2DX.
We'll see. Zaku, did you have any other thoughts for us before we let you go and wrap up the show tonight?
Um, besides that, download that Fear 2 demo. I don't care for what system you have, PS3, 360, or your PC, get that shit.
Yes, sir.
Let's get it down. Get it fucking down.
I'll do it, because Zaku told me to.
Alright, Zaku, you have a good one.
Yup.
Have a good one, Zaku. Yup.
He's awesome.
One of the several OLR listeners I've met in person. In fact, I am trying to get back to New York City this year, just to heads up, folks. I don't know when, but it's one of my goals.
If I told you why I'm really going to New York City, though, you'd laugh at me, but I do have a friend that lives out there, as you all know, and I'm trying to get back out there this year.
Want to hear something awesome?
What's that, Louis?
Well, we're thinking of, because I remember I have that company vacation that I can take, that $1500 one, so we were going to go to Seattle, but it's kind of boring if you just go there for Seattle.
I love Seattle.
Yeah, whatever. Okay, so we're thinking of going to Disneyland instead. But now, since Conan O'Brien's taken over for Jay Leno, he films in LA.
That's true. That's true.
When's he starting? In the summer?
Soon, I think. I mean, they're already seeing who's filming.
You're going to spend your $1500 vacation on LA? I mean, no offense, but you can drive to LA on the weekend, for God's sake.
Well, Nellie hasn't been there yet.
Well, you should go to the East Coast. New York City's a wonderful place to go.
Yeah, but the thing is, they only cover $1500. I mean, that's the flight right there. We don't want to spend there.
No, no, you can get a JetBlue flight out of Sacramento for $250.
Yeah, but still, though, that's...
You can actually get, every so often, Southwest does the two-for-one specials, too.
True.
It's just, you know, we just want to, I don't know.
LA's not terrible. And, you know, you would have an extravagant LA trip for $1500. You know, you could pamper yourself a little bit. I'm sure the wife will like that, but...
Disneyland!
And Disneyland is pretty fabulous.
We would go to Disneyland and maybe Universal Studios. I do want to see Conan, though, since my dream to go to Price is Right with Bob Barker hosting is, you know, long past.
You should still go to Price is Right. I would love to see Loki and the wife on a game show. That's what I want to see.
You guys need to go on one of those...
It would never happen.
You guys need to go on one of those low-budget game shows like Lego.
I don't have the game show appeal. I'm not, like, some crazy redneck or, like, you know...
Dude, you do a radio show on the internet.
I...
About video games. That's a pretty awesome niche.
And no one gives a shit. No one gives a shit. You tell them that and they're like...
Yeah. You're not in the military, are you? No? Sorry. You go back to the audience portion of the...
I don't know. I would never... They would never call me on one of those shows.
It would be awesome, but no, they would never do that. Never, ever, ever.
It's just like I've given up on getting, like, the employee of the month thing at my work because that'll never, ever happen.
I love this. D5T1. I don't know if there's an easier way to pronounce that. In chat, D5T1 suggests Supermarket Sweep.
Hey, dude. Supermarket Sweep is awesome. Is that still on TV?
I don't know if they make new episodes. I think it's on PAX or something. I think...
Surely that guy's still hosting shows. He could be. They could still be doing it.
Supermarket Sweep's awesome.
Dude, Loki would, like, load that card up with those turkeys. Be awesome.
I think all of us want to go on Supermarket Sweep. Who doesn't want to go on Supermarket Sweep?
Hold on. I'm actually, thanks to the powers of Wikipedia, I'm looking it up right now.
No, it looks like it went off the air in 2003. They probably still run it in repeats, but that's that. 2003 is when it stopped.
And I don't hate New York. It's just it's so damn expensive to travel there.
It's not... New York was my first pick. And it was just, you know, it wouldn't work out as far as, like, you know...
We don't want to spend our own money, and the problem is that $1500 can only be used on the hotel and on travel.
And I don't think we could do... It's all weird, because it has to be booked through, like, Expedia and stuff like that.
I don't know. It's lame, but...
I'm going to find you a fun $1500 trip that's better than LA. I'm going to make it my mission for $1500.
Well, there's only certain cities I can go to, so...
Alright, alright. We'll see, we'll see.
Well, I actually am going on vacation again.
I wanted to make sure that I said something about it. Not really a vacation, it's more like a family visit.
I'm going to Washington. To Prosser, Washington.
Wait, is that mean you're going to be gone next week?
Yes.
Oh, what a bummer!
Yes. I doubt I'll have internet or anything.
Well, gosh, Dark Soccer.
I'm going to visit Dan's family, which, you know...
And, no offense, Ranma, I'm not going to go crash with you if I travel to New York City with my wife.
No, that's not going to happen.
Yeah, even the wife wouldn't have lots of sex while they're on vacation. They're not going to do it in your spare bedroom.
No, if we're going to go on vacation, we're going to go on vacation in a nice hotel and stuff like that.
We're not going to just go crash at someone's house.
That's something like if I was going to an anime convention or something in New York City.
Plus, Nelly would freak.
Yeah, if it were just me...
You don't know the wife.
If it were just me traveling to New York City for something, then, yeah, that would be probably fine.
But, you know, not with the wife. No, that doesn't work that way.
Alright, anyhow, we've got to wrap up the show and get the hell out of here.
Yeah.
Let's get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, welcome back and see you next in two weeks, I guess.
What a bummer, because next week we have the...
Bobby's not on the air, so we've got a lot of time to kill next week, so we'll see what happens.
But enjoy the trip to Prosser.
We're driving.
It's a pretty drive, though.
Seventeen fucking hours.
Make the best of it. Take pictures. Bring it back.
Get you to poo with your hubby.
Any final thoughts on the show before we go?
I want some ice cream.
Ice cream does sound delicious. Very delicious.
My final thought is...
The only thing better than ice cream is that ice cream that was made out of Samoas.
And I don't care what they call them now.
The caramel delights are sort of the crap Samoas.
Loki, what's your final thought?
Final thought is...
I need to find a song for Cage Match.
I know which song I want, but it's in my car and I don't want to walk out.
Dude, I think you won the last time we did a Cage Match.
Well, I also like the song by Uncle called Burn My Shadow.
It's in the new teaser trailer for Fuel.
Which is going to be the next kickass racing game I'm really into.
Basically, from the creators of Dirt and Grid.
They're doing a racing game that's in an alternate future.
Where weather has changed the face of Earth.
And basically, you're racing through tornadoes and shit.
So, that sounds awesome.
And they actually have a video of racing through tornadoes.
So, I'm done with that.
This is kind of a bummer final thought from YYR in our chatroom.
Of course, he's the man who made Snake 360.
We had him on the show a few weeks ago.
As of right now, the Snake 360 contests are now over.
F you to the major gaming sites for not covering them because not enough people entered.
I can't even give away all the prizes.
Bummer.
Sorry to hear it.
We'll take your prizes.
But no, in all seriousness.
As I was telling somebody, I gave somebody advice earlier in the week.
I gotta remember, Rome wasn't built in a day.
So, sometimes it takes a long time.
We did OLR for many, many years with only like a dozen people listening.
Before we finally broke it and got two dozen people listening.
And that's about where we're at now.
So, no.
But again, and I say this at the end of every show.
Remember, it's the community that helps make Orange Lounge Radio.
And without you guys, life would suck a lot.
And we would not be as motivated to do the program.
So, thank you guys, as always, for tuning into this program and spending your Sunday nights with us.
Please, if you like the show, all we ask, tell two friends about the show.
Help us spread the word because, again, we don't have any major.
We don't get covered by the major gaming sites either.
Unless, you know, they're accusing Loki of breaking an NDA or something.
We don't get any coverage from major gaming sites either.
So, we only get word of mouth.
That's really it.
So, leave us a nice review on iTunes or any other podcast site.
Help spread the word for Orange Lounge Radio.
But until next time, myself, Dark Soccer in two weeks.
And Loki next week will be back to do it all over again.
See you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
It's Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
