Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Molok.
Tonight, January 18, 2009.
Could we see the DSI released in April for the U.S.?
Circuit City goes under.
And are the.hack games set to make a comeback?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We are back after a little bit of a break.
Took a little break last week because I was in Hawaii taking a little vacation.
But I'm back now and refreshed and feeling better.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you for the next several hours.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, the happiest bunny on the farm, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
She has the night off. It's her last week before going back to school.
So she's taking care of some things around the house.
But we have somebody filling in tonight.
I called the other woman that I know. The other female gamer I know.
So say hello to Rice Princess.
I'm your mistress.
That's right. How you doing, Rice Princess?
Oh, I'm okay. How about yourself?
I'm doing great.
It's good to hear.
I see you're wearing a Silent Hill t-shirt showing your love for Pyramid Head.
Yeah, because I thought the camera was going to be working tonight.
And I did my hair and everything.
Well, here's the funny thing. I know you look very cute, by the way.
Thanks.
I could take a picture and post it to the website or something.
All in vain.
I know. Well, I get to see you and that's important.
Yeah, because you're not gay at all.
Okay. Here's the thing is that I was going to say you and Jamie both have Silent Hill shirts that you wear to the show.
So we need to get you both here sometime and you can be twinsies.
Are they the same shirt?
No.
Oh, okay.
It's a slightly different one.
Mine's thermal so it keeps me warm.
I see. That's good because we have like a cold garage.
Kind of, yeah.
A little bit.
So I'm going to survive tonight.
All right. Well, I'm going to get the heater on in just a minute.
But thank you also for bringing Snickerdoodles to the show.
You're welcome.
Because you know bribing us with food always freaking rocks.
Yep. Always.
All right.
Say hello as well to the one and only tech master, Loki, who's joining us tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Doing fine.
Great. How was your week off? What did you end up doing?
Trying to get Grand Theft Auto PC to work.
Yeah?
It's taken a turn for the worst.
It's like, I don't know.
It was doing so well.
It was working just fine.
And all of a sudden, Rockstar's like, ah, fuck this shit.
We're not going to work no matter what you do now.
I've reinstalled it like eight times now.
And I've uninstalled the other things that remotely might be related to it.
And it just does not want to work.
And apparently I'm not alone.
And yeah.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that Grand Theft Auto has not been cooperating with you.
Are you looking forward to just hacking the game to your heart's content?
Well, that's what I was doing.
And then it caused the crash.
And then I had to reload it or something because it wasn't working correctly.
And then it just hasn't worked correctly since.
And there's no reason that it shouldn't be because I just still know.
So I give up.
I actually bought this game.
And see, that teaches me for not pirating this shit.
See what happens?
If I buy it, it breaks.
And it sucks.
If I had just downloaded it like I should have, wouldn't have this problem.
Let that be a lesson to you all.
Seriously.
Okay.
Well, all right.
Well, hey, you I had tuned in because also last week we missed our buddy Bobby.
Bobby Black Wolf does a show before us here on All Games Radio.
And he does the Bobby Black Wolf show on Sundays.
But he just launched a new Friday night show, right?
Friday night gaming.
And you tried to play Grand Theft Auto on the first show, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, that was even more fun.
Let's see.
Yeah, for some reason then Xbox Live said,
No, you're never going to connect to this game ever if you even want to.
I tried four different times.
I even reset my system a few different times.
And it just said, No, I'm sorry.
You just cannot connect to this game ever.
So fuck Grand Theft Auto.
All right.
And you know, still been playing lots of Grand Theft Auto IV.
All right, there you have it.
Speaking of Grand Theft Auto IV, I have to bring this up.
This is pretty awesome.
I got to rub this in.
While I was in Hawaii, I got Grand Theft Auto IV for 30 bucks on the Xbox 360.
And I got Metal Gear Solid IV for $20 for the PlayStation 3.
Both new and wrapped.
It's like getting them for $5 in Hawaii.
Kind of.
Really cheap.
Kind of.
Radio Shack, apparently, I had forgotten that they got into the market of selling games.
But then like when I saw that they were clearing them out,
because I guess I hadn't been performing very well,
I suddenly remembered, Oh yeah, I think we reported that on the show once,
is that Radio Shack was selling games.
And not anymore.
You know, actually I was going to say that Best Buy was clearing out some games as well.
They had Ninja Gaiden 2 for 10 bucks.
For the 360.
Nice.
I wouldn't buy it because I don't have a 360.
You should get one one of these days.
You really should.
Are you still on your anti-Microsoft thing?
I thought you finally caved and you were going to get one.
I'm not anti-Microsoft.
I'm just anti-Xbox because it's a piece of crap system.
Geez.
You guys missed it.
Bryce Princess and Loki were getting into it before the show about Nintendo.
Maybe we'll talk about it later.
Yeah, well why don't you just tell them what you said
and I won't even need to do anything because, you know.
It was so asinine that, you know.
We'll get to it later.
I've got to introduce someone else because she's been sitting there very quiet and patiently
which is so unlike her.
Fuck you.
Is that going to be your first words on the show?
Yes, it is going to be your first words on the show.
Fuck you.
Alright, she has never been on the show before.
But this is Miss Victoria, everybody.
Hi guys.
How are you, Miss Victoria?
What?
How are you, Miss Victoria?
I'm fabulous as always.
That's why I decided to call you on the show, Miss Victoria.
Okay, you can call me Miss Victoria.
See, what I'm doing is I'm advertising that you're single and unmarried.
Yes, I'm single and unmarried.
So, I'm looking, the chat room is going crazy right now for two reasons.
The earlier, and of course you can always join us in chat, chat.orangelaunchradio.com
if you want to join us in chat.
The chat's not working on the laptop, so we can't see it.
Alright, we'll get it working somehow later on.
But, Loki and I can see it.
They're there.
They're freaking out.
They want pics of Rice Princess.
So, I'll try to get something on the Twitter because, you know, OMG woman.
So, I'll try to get, I'll get Rice Princess and Victoria to pose
and maybe I'll get them to make out a little bit.
I still have that one jello shot in the refrigerator from New Years.
Alright, and also they're freaking out because right now in chat,
a brand new Orange Lounge, I don't even know the name of my show,
a brand new Orange Lounge radio website is being previewed.
It's been made by our buddy Dekeman and he's posted the preview link there in chat
and it's amazing.
Like, I am so excited that finally our website that looks old
is going to be going away and looking new.
I am so freaking excited.
Do you know why that's why I love our listeners?
Because, it's like, which one is giving them the bigger boner?
Like, women on the show or the new website layout?
Like, that's awesome.
Alright, alright, back to Victoria.
She's never been on the show before.
We have to interview Victoria a little bit.
More about me.
It's all about you, isn't it?
Duh.
Alright, so what kinds of video games do you like?
What kinds of video games do you play?
Do you play a lot of games?
It's okay if you don't.
I don't, unfortunately.
I play Rock Band when I come over to your house
and the only video, well, we have a PlayStation 2 at my house
and my roommate plays Kingdom Hearts,
but the only thing I play is on my GameCube
and I play Mario Party 7 because that's the only game I have
because I stole it from my brother.
Okay, so she knows a little bit about her game.
She knows what she's talking about.
Yeah.
So she's got some stuff that she plays.
Kind of.
But yet you wear a shirt that says,
right now you're wearing a shirt on it that says nerd.
Yes.
So you do call yourself a nerd.
What makes you a nerd if you're not much of a gamer?
I'm a role player, an online role player.
Get out.
No, fuck you.
Get the fuck off this show.
Hey, I have talent, okay?
Don't be jealous.
You just sit in front of a computer and push buttons.
I actually write, bitch.
Alright.
What is it that you write, bitch?
Well, I'm a Harry Potter role player.
I'm a big Harry Potter nerd.
I admit it.
I'm proud of it.
I'm proud of it.
Okay.
Rob, you need to shut the fuck up,
because you used to be the vice president of the Star Trek club.
And what?
Yeah.
Like 15 years ago.
I know he has such a boner when the movie is going to come out.
He's going to drag my ass to the midnight premiere.
I can already tell you.
So what exactly do you mean by cos, or like role playing?
Basically, I take on one of the roles of one of the characters in Harry Potter,
and somebody else takes another role, or they make up their own,
and we just plot.
I'm not like, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah.
Basically, that's it.
And we just plot and make our own little storyline.
It's glorified fan fiction, basically.
Okay.
Alright.
So you do other nerdy stuff, too, though.
Like, I know you watch Lost religiously.
All the time.
Oh my god, Wednesday.
I'm so excited.
And the thing I love about Victoria is she's so animated.
This is great.
I've got to read some comments from Chat about the whole role play thing.
Chat.orangelandsradio.com.
We have GS68 says, she puts on a robe and wizard hat.
Fuck you.
I do not.
I do not.
Alright.
That's only for the premieres.
Are you going to dress up for the next premiere?
I might.
If it comes down to it, I'll just buy a t-shirt and wear my Harry Potter jacket.
Okay.
That's alright.
That's alright.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Really?
What else was I going to say about you being a nerd?
Oh, you went to Comic Con last year.
I go to Comic Con every year.
I'm from San Diego.
So I go to Comic Con every year.
I love it.
It's going to be huge this year.
I can already tell you it's the 40th anniversary.
I haven't bought my tickets yet, but, you know, I should do that soon.
So what is it you like to see when you're at Comic Con?
Before the movie premieres and stuff like that, like last year I went, I saw the panel
for The Day the Earth Stood Still, and I saw, I unfortunately went to the Twilight panel,
unfortunately, and wanted to kill myself because all the little screaming 12-year-olds were,
you know, creaming their panties over Robert What's-his-face.
And, yeah.
So, I mean, I go for that.
Yeah, the movie premiere.
I've met so many celebrities because of Comic Con and, you know, met Matthew Fox, who I
kind of creamed my panties over.
Well, all right then.
I was thinking that roleplay is Matthew Fox.
Suddenly the chatters are lining up to roleplay Matthew Fox in your next Harry Potter thing.
That's amazing.
Okay, we've got to take this back to video games at some point, but my buddy Shane, an
old friend of the show, Miklotov, is listening, and he's sending me private messages.
Tell Irene and Victoria hi, and they need to make out.
Hi, Shane!
All right, we'll have to get the liquor out.
Maybe that'll happen later.
All right.
Anyhow, let's actually get back to some gaming here real quick.
Oh, wait.
I do want to ask you one other question, though, speaking of video games.
I can't take it back to gaming.
I love World of Warcraft, as you know, and Rice Princess also dabbles in World of Warcraft
once in a while.
Really funny story.
She played her boyfriend's account last night and out-DPS'd another character because she
didn't even know what she was doing.
But anyway, you are what we call a WoW Widow.
I was a WoW Widow.
You were a WoW Widow.
What is a WoW Widow?
Basically, I lost my boyfriend to that goddamn game.
Basically, he would sit in front of his laptop for hours and hours and hours, and we were
supposed to be going out, and would basically ignore me, and I'd sit there watching Will
and Grace, and he'd be sitting there storming the castle, whatever the fuck you do on that
game.
I don't know.
Yeah, so I have a little bit of a grudge against WoW, so I refuse to play it, and every time
I see Rob playing it, I give him shit.
And I give Shane shit, too, because, you know, they both get boners every time they're running
around in their little princess outfits or whatever the fuck it is they're doing.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Miss Sassy Pants over here.
Excuse me, excuse me.
They do not have princess outfits in WoW, because if they did, I would be playing all
day long.
All day long.
I would stop doing Orange Launch Radio.
You know, I have a friend in San Diego.
One of my gays in San Diego plays WoW just so he can dress his characters up in pretty
outfits.
He told me this.
He's like, we have, it's a guild of nothing but women, and we dress our characters up
in pretty outfits, so.
There's so many great things to say, but first Victoria has her gays.
Yes.
Yes.
And there really is just a guild of women that dress up.
A guild of women and Patrick that just dress up and they run around and like, I don't know
what, he says they run around and just, I don't know, do things.
All right.
Yeah.
Do you know what it was your ex-boyfriend was doing in WoW that took so long?
Was he dressing up in princess outfits?
So I'm in the castle.
What is it you do when you play for four hours?
Raiding.
Yes, that.
That.
Okay.
And so, yeah, that's what he would do.
So when, yeah, I broke up with him, you know, to say the least.
Did you tell him that WoW was the reason you were breaking up with him?
Well, it wasn't the main reason, he was a douche, but you know, that had a pretty big
influence on why I am no longer with this person.
All right.
All right.
Fair enough.
So I'm sure we'll get into it later if we're talking about Warcraft stories and you hear
a big, ah!
Oh hell no!
From the corner.
Stop talking about that shit.
All right.
Let's talk about, because we're getting really into the show here, we got news to get to,
let's talk about our gaming week.
So, Loki, you've been awfully quiet through this whole thing.
Welcome back, and how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fine.
Like I said, I've really only been playing, or trying to play, Grand Theft Auto IV.
Really, I've been seriously trying to get Grand Theft Auto IV PC to work.
Because I, there's a lot of cool mods out there now, and it's kind of sad, because I
was having fun jumping around with no gravity and stuff, and I wanted to put, like, custom
weapons in that did really crazy shit, like make huge explosions or shoot fire and stuff
like that, and now I can't do that.
And, you know, I mean, there's other sandbox games that have come out on the PC, like Saints
Row 2 just came out, but that sucks on the PC.
Horrible port, which, it's just sad, and Rockstar unfortunately is not doing anything to fix
Grand Theft Auto IV, and to be honest, I've never seen a game where I can reinstall it
and it still doesn't work correctly, except for Crysis.
Crysis also didn't work correctly when I reinstalled it, but that was a whole different way.
I couldn't finish that game because, you know, I would get to the general or whatever and
he'd be standing there like a mannequin and couldn't progress any further because the
event didn't trigger.
Well, that sucked.
Other than that, I think I watched Nellie play more Animal Crossing, because now that
I have that game.
What?
Yeah.
You played some Animal Crossing?
Well, not anymore.
I ruined it for her, apparently, because I cheated.
How'd you, were you time traveling?
No, we did that before.
No, this is actually pure cheating now.
They have devices that you can, you know, hack the memory and stuff and give yourself
all this crazy shit, including the download content, because it's pay for unlock content.
Yeah, the game's really boring because it's just Animal Crossing, you know, but they had
some fun codes.
Okay, let me put it this way.
They had a code where you can go into the characters' houses and you can steal their
furniture, move it around and stuff.
That is pretty awesome.
And you can also do it to the stores, too.
You can just go and pick up stuff.
And see, that was funny because, you know, we had maxed out money and there were some
characters that were pissing us off, so we just trapped them in a corner and surrounded
the furniture around them.
And that was mildly satisfying for a second there.
Yeah, really, what I've been doing with my consoles lately is I've been streaming movies.
That's pretty much what I did.
I actually downloaded a bunch of the Rift Track shorts last night.
We were watching some of those and they're awesome.
But yeah, the PS3 actually works really good as a movie streaming thing, except for Windows
Media files.
I had trouble with that.
I had to actually do that with my 360 for some reason because it just did not want to
work on the PS3.
And then, also, I got the tryout, and I know we have a story on this later, but the new
YouTube that's enhanced now for TVs.
And it's really nice, actually.
Very, very nice looking.
Makes full screen video really easy.
The layout of it's really big so that you can see it on your TV, and it works great.
So definitely something to check out, especially if you're just browsing YouTube stuff or you
want to show your friends something, as happened with showing them the new shorts that they
did for YouTube Live for Charlie and the Unicorn, or Charlie and the Unicorn.
But yeah, that's all that's pretty much going on.
This week, though, and hopefully I'll have more to talk about next week, I'm actually
getting a preview of the new DJ game coming out, Scratch.
They're going to actually show us everything, and they're bringing me a turntable I get
to keep, so that's pretty cool.
That's the one that Newark's actually doing the turntable for.
And the only thing I don't like about it, though, is it's all urban and hip-hop music,
but it makes sense in that game because there's not a lot of scratching in techno music, so
I mean...
Yeah, I was going to say, that's kind of the music that is produced by turntables.
I just wish there was some more house music, and maybe there is, but I'll find out more
this week, I get to see it on Thursday, so I'm pretty psyched about that.
So definitely tune back in next week for Loki's review.
Yes.
Sweet.
Sweet.
Alright, Rice Princess, how was your gaming week?
Victoria grabbed your boob.
I know, I just didn't want to acknowledge it on air, but thank you for doing that.
Glad I would.
I totally downloaded Samurai Shodown 2 on Virtual Console, and I was having good times
with that, because that was one of my original fighting games that I loved to play all the
time.
So I was playing that for a while.
Who's your character?
Galford, because he has a dog.
That's the only reason I ever played it, because Galford was on there, and he was hot.
What else?
PopCap games.
Oh, I got Silent Hill Origins for Christmas, kind of late, you know, because it came out.
On the PlayStation 2?
Yeah.
Oh!
How is it?
It's not the best Silent Hill.
It's not bad, but it's different, yeah, because it was made by some European team, but it's
not bad.
Did you ever play Silent Hill 5?
No?
I want to, but no.
Technically it's Silent Hill Homecoming, but whatever.
Homecoming 5.
Isn't it only on the- Silent Hill The Room, you know, that's 4, whatever, I don't give
a crap.
Yeah, isn't it on the Xbox?
360 and PS3.
PS3, yeah.
I don't have any of those.
Oh, yeah, I keep forgetting.
You're stubborn.
But you have friends.
Yeah, you know me.
Yeah.
Do I have to come over here and play, because I am so fucking lazy, I'm not going to drive
here.
Like, I love Silent Hill, but I also love not driving places, so.
Alright.
One of these days, I'm sure.
Maybe I'll pull a Victoria and, like, stay the weekend at your house.
Can we tell that story real quick, can we, can we, the reason why Victoria's here on
the show tonight?
Victoria, why don't you tell our listeners why you're here on the program tonight?
So I'm kind of dumb, and I just, I'm opening a hotel right now, there's a new hotel opening
out in, about, you know, maybe 20 miles from where I live, and so basically we're going
in and out and cleaning all the hotel rooms, big issues, no sawdust, all that shit.
And I'm a genius and lost my keys at work, and so I basically had to search high and
low through all the hotel rooms that I cleaned on Friday.
Yeah, and my roommate isn't home because she's in Sonoma seeing her boyfriend, so she's not
going to be home until tomorrow, so I'm basically stuck at Rob's house until tomorrow, imposing
on his good hospitality and all that, all that nonsense, and I'm very grateful to him
for letting me stay here.
That's right, bitch.
You better, you better gush.
If not, I'd be sleeping in my car.
Tell listeners about how wonderful I am.
Oh yeah, he's so good to me.
Alright, anyway, I just thought that was my story.
I was going to say, there was one game I did forget about that I actually played this week,
Ninja Blade.
I played the demo for that, which is pretty cool.
The game, I mean, looks kind of like a rip-off of Ninja Gaiden 2.
It's actually more of a rip-off of Conan or God of War, I mean, the game plays very similar
to that.
You have three different weapons, you know, with varying speed and damage, and it's all
ninja-themed and stuff, but then there's a lot of quick-time event cutscenes that are
in the game, which are pretty cool-looking, just very cinematic and action-packed.
There's one scene where you're actually running down the side of a skyscraper and killing
these dragon-looking monster things, which are pretty awesome.
So it's definitely worth checking out.
It's not crap.
It's definitely not Vampire Reigns, so that'll be a good one to check out.
I think it's coming out the end of March now, but it's one of those secondary From Software
games that Microsoft's publishing.
Good times, good times.
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
So Victoria, you know how you can extend your stay here at Rob's?
Do his laundry, do his dishes, clean his house?
The guy that I was seeing told me to cook for him, but he's all diet-y and stuff.
I wanted to give Loki the presents I got him from Hawaii.
Why didn't you get me?
So I got him an authentic dashboard hula girl doll, because I thought he'd like that.
I got Jamie one too, she'll find out about that next week.
And then I got some, since you like food, I got you some macadamia nut covered toffee,
which is really good.
So eat it.
It's amazing.
I'll give this to Nellie.
Eat it.
Nellie will like it too.
Yes.
So there you go.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Sorry about that.
I just remembered that.
So you were, what, you were done with your gaming week too then?
Rice Princess?
What else?
Victoria, I don't know if there's been anything you've been playing, but why don't you share?
I played rock band with Rob yesterday.
Oh yeah.
We made a band, the Shrieking Beavers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then I have a game on my phone that I've been playing, but that's as, you know, awesome
as it gets.
What game on your phone?
It's called Pump Jack.
It's like a little, you're like a little-
It sounds dirty.
I know, right?
I know, right?
Wow.
No, it came with my sidekick.
So like, it's like your little wheel and you have to go collect all the gas cans and you
have to avoid the little cactuses that can explode and kill you.
And then you Pump Jack.
Pump Jack.
Yeah.
No, and I've been playing it for like, I've been playing it since I got my damn phone,
which is almost a year, and I still haven't beaten it.
I'm on like the last level and it's driving me crazy that I can't win.
Which goes to show you why I don't play video games, because I get frustrated and then I
just don't want to play anymore.
So.
Well, we have an interesting story later on that might appeal to you.
I'll talk about that.
Bring it.
Like what they're doing for frustrated people like you.
Fabulous.
My gaming week.
I haven't played a lot of new things.
I've kind of recycled a lot of the older games I have.
Like of course I've been playing WoW.
I've been playing a lot of little big-
Shut up.
I've been playing a lot of little big planet.
I don't remember if I ever talked about it on the show, but I was playing Suikoden, the
old school one for PlayStation 1.
Like I was playing that like crazy.
I haven't really touched it since I got back from Hawaii, because I got to a part of the
game where it actually got hard again.
So I'm getting to the Victoria level of frustration with it, but I'll go back and try to beat
it at some point.
And then as far as new stuff I've been playing.
The new stuff I've been playing is on the iPhone, which is kind of interesting.
Konami put out some interesting games this week.
They put out a demo for Dance Dance Revolution, the new iPhone DDR game, which is interesting.
Its biggest problem is like it's choppy.
Like seriously, if you think that Xbox frame rate thing is an issue, try playing DDR on
your iPhone.
It's pretty horrible.
But it's very pretty.
Like for a cell phone game, it's actually very pretty looking and the sounds very good
because obviously iPhones or iPods.
So the music is obviously full quality, which is kind of nice.
And basically what it is, a little dance pad shows up at the bottom of your screen and
you play with your fingers.
You dance with your fingers to the music, which is, you know, cute, but I don't know
how.
I mean, luckily it's free.
It's free.
So you can't complain.
Totally free.
But it's just the one song for free.
So just one song.
Yeah.
It's one song.
Wow.
But it's like a preview of what they're working on or something.
All right.
The other game I got on the iPhone is Silent Hill.
They actually have on the iPhone now.
It's a new version of it.
I think it's called Silent Hill, the revenge.
I can't remember the name of it.
I'm actually looking it up on my phone right now.
It's called, let me see, I'm learning it right now.
Basically in this game, you have these little mini mazes.
It looks like the old school dungeon explorer game from the Turbo Graphics 16, the escape.
That's what it's called.
Silent Hill, the escape.
Let me see if I can get some of the music for you guys.
Your fingers and you just hit the buttons and like, that's how you play it and there's
only one level.
I have no idea if they can hear that over the air, but a little bit of what it sounds
like.
No, you actually, it uses the touch screen.
It's a whole new interface that uses the touch screen.
You can slide back and forth to move through the maze and you turn left and right.
And then to fire your gun, you tap on the crosshair to fire the gun.
And the crosshair is all tilt sensitive.
So if you want to aim up and down, you tilt.
So you will run across these nurses in the maze and you can blow their brains out basically.
It's not really a Silent Hill game.
It's basically a dungeon crawling game that they've slapped Silent Hill graphics onto.
Surely you just, Rob.
Well, Silent Hill is all about avoiding things.
You don't necessarily have to shoot everything in the face, you know what I mean?
But this game kind of encourages that.
Thanks, Rob.
I do encourage people.
I appreciate you explaining it to me.
Shut up.
But I'm telling you, for the listeners, you know what I mean?
I know, I know.
I don't know what it's about.
I've seen the movie.
And you didn't like the movie, did you?
I was pissed at the end.
I was like, what the fuck is this?
But it's more one of those things that's much better if you've played the game.
So yeah, Silent Hill on the iPhone is kind of, eh, I mean, it's only $8.
You can be honest.
You know what?
Here's the thing.
It's actually a really smooth running game.
The controls are kind of interesting.
The way you play, no, compared to DDR, like the frame rate is much better.
It runs a lot smoothly.
For a mobile phone game, the graphics are actually pretty good.
And if you play with headphones, the sound and stuff is actually kind of neat.
So it's actually not a bad game.
It's just kind of short and not really Silent Hill.
That's the thing.
So, I mean, if you want to get kind of an interesting maze exploring game that you shoot
things in, get this game.
Or if you want like a, you know, just, it's a cute little time waster.
I mean, there's only like six levels, so I don't know if it's necessarily worth $8.
I think maybe $5 would have been a better price point for this, but you know, whatever,
I guess.
That's just, yeah.
When I think of Silent Hill, I totally think of shooting my way out of a maze.
They had to come up with like, they try, you know, they have these little story elements
that are in it too, although not much.
I haven't seen Pyramid Head yet, but I might not have just played far enough.
I mean, it's, it's, it's all right.
It's you have to remember it's a mobile phone game.
If your expectations are high, you're only setting yourself up for disappointment.
I know.
Or they just make it a generic game or something like it's nothing like Silent Hill.
Well, it is.
Cause then it wouldn't get sold if they didn't put Silent Hill on it.
That's pretty much it right there.
But what's interesting about this is that, hey, there's a Metal Gear game coming out
and a lot of people are like, OMG, Metal Gear on the phone.
Well, if it's anything like this, don't get your hopes up.
It is exactly, actually it's worse than that.
It's a real shooter.
Then it's not even going to be anything.
And then a pad comes up and you just use your fingers to hit the buttons and it's only one
song.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
Womp, womp, womp.
All right.
So there it is.
That, that was my quick review on the Silent Hill, the escape, the iPhone game.
Uh, otherwise I don't think I've really been playing a lot of new stuff.
Um, you know, just playing the same old stuff on, well, there's console games too.
Yes, I played Violet hold with you.
I'm the best warrior.
There you go.
All right.
Let's, uh, let's start to get into some gaming news tonight, but first I just want to say
a couple quick housekeeping announcements.
Really dark soccer is not here tonight.
Um, which, you know, is probably pretty obvious cause the show is completely getting off base.
Uh, cause you know, when, when Jamie's not here to keep us in line, uh, the show just
goes crazy.
Uh, so she's not here tonight.
We will still have a classic game of the week tonight, um, that I believe I'm doing or did
the Deloki find something he's doing, uh, we'll figure it out.
Uh, so we'll do that in a little later on and, uh, she'll be back next week and, uh,
we apparently also in housekeeping tonight, we have a brand new orange launch radio website
coming soon.
It looks like, cause the beta looks great.
And if you're in chat right now, just ask a deep man.
He did a awesome.
He did.
It doesn't look like it was made in the early two thousands.
It doesn't.
It looks, it looks very modern.
It's still simple though.
Is what I like about it.
He didn't, he didn't load it up with like a bunch of crap.
It still looks efficient, which would be cool.
So I'm, I'm very excited.
So big thank you to deep man and we'll find other ways to thank him later on when the
site goes live.
People will send, we'll send, uh, we'll send Victoria out there to babysit cause he's married.
So Victoria can go babysit.
I have a 10 year old brother and I want to kill him every time I see him, I can't stand
children.
No, I don't, I don't hurt him.
I just, you know, kind of pulls, I kind of pull his hair a little bit and smack him in
the head and tell him to quit looking like a little girl with his John Lennon hair.
But you know, doesn't your 10, doesn't your 10 year old brother play grand theft auto?
Yeah, he does, he called me on Christmas day asking me to find him cheat codes for grand
theft auto four and I said, God damn it, you have the fucking internet.
Look it up yourself to your 10 year old brother.
He knows I love him.
He shouldn't be playing grand theft auto four anyway.
I was playing grand theft auto since he was like six.
My dad thought it was appropriate to buy him GTA three when he was six.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's fabulous parenting on my parents' part.
Yes.
And I just wonder how I turned out so normal.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news for the love of God.
Gaming news.
Yes.
Loki, please.
Well, we got to do some stuff from last week first though, right?
Yes.
Okay.
So let's start with last week's news.
Last week we had CES and of course there wasn't a whole lot of game news coming out, but Microsoft
did show off one thing that was kind of neat.
Their brand new community game, um, that's actually kind of a game making program.
Now we talked about this on the program before when it was called Boku.
Now they've decided to change the name to kudo or kodo kodo.
I mean, Boku, kudo, kodo, but who cares?
Okay.
So kodo anyways, it's basically a very simplified game making program.
Um, they're comparing it to a little big planet.
I don't think it's anything like little big planet at all, but, um, it's kind of object
oriented programming stuff and you can use the characters and stuff in there, um, to
basically create your own little games.
They're all kind of pixelated looking cause the blocks in the game are actually very Lego
like.
So it's kind of neat.
Um, so yeah, you can basically make games.
They have 200 building blocks right now.
I'm sure there'll be more available for download.
Uh, no word on when it's coming out, supposedly later this year and, um, you'll be able to,
I guess, make games.
I don't know if it will be available also on, um, their community game service cause
that could be really messy if there's that many community games on there, you know, as
if it was hard enough for some of these community game developers to get their game notice.
They have all these crappy Boku levels.
I don't know.
Or, uh, kodo levels.
Well, yeah, one of these days I want to get, um, Aaron back on the show.
I'm hoping he'll listen at one point, but he's the guy who did snake three 60.
Like I want to talk to him now, like six weeks out after his game has been released and see
how it, I saw him respond back to a, there was an IGN review of his game or something
there really about like the hot or not of like community games.
And his was actually in the not section and the reasons and the reasons that they gave
her retarded.
They're all, Oh, it's snake game and it totally looked like that the guy did not play the
game at all.
So it was, it was retarded, but it was funny cause he's just, you know, called him out
on it.
He's like, um, doesn't sound like you played this at all.
And you actually, there's a lot of features that you didn't mention.
And um, you know, there's some other games that was just like crap that they gave good
reviews for.
But remember it's just one person's review and you know, just because they happen to
be behind a website and you know, their voice unfortunately is a little bit louder than everybody
else's.
Well, there's a lot of voices that got a little quieter last week and this is huge news, huge
news throughout the community, especially, um, you know, on the type of websites.
I think those of you guys that listen to these types of independent podcasts, I'm sure you
guys read a lot of gaming blogs.
You see a lot of this, so it's no news to you guys.
I'm sure that a UGO bought the one up network, uh, this week and uh, basically it caused,
you know, long story short, uh, it caused EGM to go under electronic gaming monthly.
The magazine is no more and uh, lots and lots of folks that were working at one up.com goodbye,
including the people that were doing the one up show and uh, one up was one up yours was
the video show.
I'm going to be honest guys, it's so fun.
Here's the thing, you know, there's not a lot of extra news to talk about with us.
I'm sure you guys all read it in the week we were gone, so you all are probably pretty
familiar with it.
If not, go look on any blog that was running last week and I'm sure you'll read about it.
It's very interesting, like really how much love was out there for these shows and this
site, which was interesting to me because honestly I've never ever watched it or listened
to a show of theirs, but I don't do it.
That's, that's my policy across the board.
There's very, very, very few shows that I listened to because I don't want to inadvertently
steal ideas.
If that makes sense.
Does that make sense?
That makes sense.
You know, we've done a show for like seven years.
I don't want to be accused of ripping something off of somebody else.
And no offense, but that's going to happen anyway, even if I don't watch them.
People are going to say we stole stuff, but whatever.
So and to be honest, I don't even know who UGO is.
I mean, I've never heard of them as a website.
Don't they run a lot of other sites for entertainment, movies, things of that nature.
They're trying to be like a one, not one, an IGN type of service, but I've never visited
them ever and you know, I don't know, I just have never heard of them.
It's, you know, maybe that's my own ignorance, but I've never heard of them at all and the
fact that they're teaming up with 1UP now or they bought them out means nothing to me
because I haven't visited 1UP in months and I just don't, same with GameSpot.
It's just done with it.
Well, here's what's interesting is that my comment on this, the first thing I was thinking
of because I read about this when I was out in Hawaii and I was kind of my first thought
was, okay, we're going to have to talk about this on the show at some point.
My kind of thought on this is this will be a chance to see how much these guys that were
producing these shows and doing this stuff were really into video games and really into
their craft because as many independent podcasts have shown for years and years and years,
you don't have to get paid to do this stuff if you really, really enjoy it.
So my kind of thing was I was going to say, well guys, here you go, here's your chance
to keep doing what you do just because this may not be the day job anymore.
You can still keep it going and they have.
So props to them because now there is the whole Rebel FM I think it's called and I think
there's another one called Geek Box.
So props to them for continuing to do it.
So I'm kind of curious to see how much this is going to go and kind of where some of these
guys end up.
If this is the same thing that's going to happen, remember, that's how we got This Week
in Tech.
True.
I mean, you know, follow up from Tech TV, so, I don't know, and I'm sure that they'll
make it just as well and probably even better now that they're away from 1UP, so.
Why do you say that?
Just because, like look at This Week in Tech, I think they're doing very well and I think
that if they were still part of G4, you know, the whole Tech TV thing, I think they wouldn't
be doing as well as they are now, independently.
Less influence from other things that are more corporate oriented.
Interesting.
Well, good luck.
I mean, it's never fun to talk about job layoffs, but good luck to those folks and good luck
to 1UP, too.
Stand kind of on top of things now because they've been, of course, they've taken a lot
of negative press over this whole thing, so I don't know.
I got to ask you, Rice Princess, because you were on 1UP for quite some time, like years
ago when I was posting on there and participating on the site, you were kind of the one that
got me into that and I think you kind of hung out there for a little while after that.
What do you think about all this news about it closing?
Is 1UP a site you would still visit or are you like, eh, the people are gone, whatever?
It's interesting because, yeah, I actually did revisit my 1UP account like a couple weeks
ago, actually, before any of this ever happened and I still have the same friends and stuff.
I didn't really do anything, but I mean, it's always sad when a community, a group of people
just, you know, can't meet at the same place anymore.
It's like having your favorite local coffee shop or something close down.
It's just like, oh, that sucks.
But, you know.
You just moved to a new coffee shop.
I know.
That's what I'm saying.
People can, you know, get each other's information, go to another place and do it.
But, you know, you can go to another coffee shop, but it might not be as cool or as quirky
or whatever.
Now, you know, the thing is, in defense, I guess you would say to, you know, UGO, you
know, print gaming press, I think it's going to be gone in a few years anyways.
It's just that they can't really compete unless you're like, you know, Game Informer or something
like that.
And you're, you know, cutting deals with these publishers to have the exclusive story and
stuff.
But even still, people know now not to even bother reading that because they can just
read that same story on the internet when someone gets their copy of the magazine, relays
what's in there, as well as all the media that was on there.
It's just the internet's so instantaneous now that print press is just becoming kind
of dated.
Yeah.
The electronic gaming monthly news is especially sad because, you know, I think a lot of us
remember that magazine from years and years ago.
I grew up.
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
It was like the best gaming magazine out there years ago when the internet didn't exist.
Yeah.
But here's the thing is that I know a lot of people are really sad about EGM going away
and to me to an extent too.
Am I sad?
Yes.
Am I surprised?
Not really.
But here's the thing.
That magazine has been dead to me for 10 years.
Like I, I remember that magazine like back in the day, you know, like, Oh my God, that
issue where they actually had the, um, Shang Long lie in it for the April Fools.
I fricking had that issue with the magazine.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Like I remember some of that stuff happening, but honestly, like I stopped.
I stopped subscribing to that a long time ago.
A lot of people did.
So for me it was more of the news of, uh, Oh, well, you know, that's too bad.
That's an icon of my youth that's going away, but I'm not surprised.
Yeah.
I mean, with the advent of, you know, internet news outlets and especially blogs, blogs are
becoming more popular than, you know, normal media sites because people like to identify
with other people who are on their level, who are normal, who can give, you know, a
perspective, you know, that's not like corporate.
And a big purpose for magazines now in this day and age is to read when you're on the
toilet, but now that they have iPhones, you can look at blogs when you're on the toilet
now.
You can.
Yes.
Yeah.
Just don't.
That's what I do.
So you don't, I don't even need magazines anymore.
I can look at websites.
Only a wow.
What Victoria?
What you want?
Nasty ho.
Okay.
We don't want to know what you're doing.
You're taking a dump.
Look, everybody poops, haven't you ever read that book?
Everybody poops.
If you wipe your butt and you get a little bit of poop on your finger and you put it
on your thing, you can't throw it away like a magazine.
Stop it.
I'm down with the old school magazines being in my bathroom.
You know that.
You see all the maxims lined up like on my toilet.
We can move away from that now.
But what I'm talking about is, is that, you know, people used to have the magazines or
the, what was it, the bathroom reader books or whatever, but now we can have the internet
even when we're pooping.
We could.
So we can look at blogs and all that there.
I guess you're right about that.
It's gross, but yeah.
So magazine, I'm just saying magazines are, are, it's one last use is going away.
Oh, I'm holding your laptop right now.
You've had this in the bathroom with you.
Haven't you?
Oh yeah.
There's poop somewhere on here, isn't there?
Oh, damn it.
Why are the keys so sticky, Rob?
You're disgusting.
Somebody burned my hands off.
All right, please.
Let's move on.
For God's sake.
All right.
Well, there's a rumor coming from IGN.
They have multiple sources close to Nintendo that have told the site that, um, the TSI
will be out in the US on April 4th at $179.
I somehow don't believe this.
And why is that that you don't believe this?
Well, there's just a few things that strike me as weird.
Nintendo for some reason likes releasing their stuff, especially hardware, on Sundays, and
the 4th is actually a Saturday.
For one.
Actually, that's my only thing, is that it's a Saturday, not a Sunday.
Therefore I am calling the whole thing book.
I don't know, it doesn't really matter, and I think if anything, they would want to hold
off on selling the DSi, because they've been selling tons of DS's already, and I think
if they bring the DSi out, it's just going to cut into their DS sales.
And they're not really having trouble selling DS systems, and I don't know, there's not
really any DSi software out, even in Japan right now, other than the download stuff,
but I guess, I don't know.
Of course, they could always just cut the price of the DS that's out there right now
by like 20 bucks and release the DSi.
For $99.99, yeah, then people will start making love to DS's like crazy or something.
Exactly, and then they'll sell both, because you'll have the more high priced ones for
folks that want the camera and all that stuff.
They could do it.
But yeah, what Loki says about the date is especially interesting, because Nintendo does
usually do a Sunday.
I wonder if it doesn't mean maybe shipping on April 4th to store on April 5th?
No, you can't have a ship date on Saturday, it wouldn't make any sense, because no one
ships on Saturdays.
They would street it for a Sunday.
So okay, whatever, maybe it's April 5th, I mean, big deal.
I don't know, I think it's just a big rumor right now.
I think if anything, they'll announce something later, I don't know, it doesn't really seem
like there'd be any reason to release this now, I mean, there's just a few download games
and that's it.
It's just not really that worthwhile.
I don't know if the DS was kind of tanking a little bit, not really tanking, but if sales
are starting to drop off a little bit in Japan, and maybe that's why they released the DSi,
but I don't think they're dropping off at all, I mean, we're still selling tons of DS
systems, not having a problem whatsoever.
Some comments from chatroom on this story, Cy says, I think their strategy is that Nintendo
fans will buy the 179DSi and most people will buy the DS Lite at regular, kind of similar
to what I was saying.
Yeah, so the DSi is for hardcore gamers, yeah, uh-huh, sure.
Or people who want the extra garbage that it's gonna have.
Xlink says, and you can take it to the bathroom.
You can indeed play your DS in the bathroom, and I'm sure there's people that do that.
Yeah, and it has a really crappy, you know, jump browser.
No pun intended.
Yeah, it has a horrible web browser built into it as well, so.
Bobby says, Activision Blizzard doesn't want the DSi released because their best-selling
DS game won't be compatible.
Guitar Hero on tour.
Yes.
Well, Activision Blizzard don't have a say in it, so...
Poop on them.
I don't know.
It's just...
This show is really poop-filled.
They'll just come out with another peripheral that'll plug into the SD card slot, and then
they can make their crappy games.
They're gonna have, like, some stupid drum peripheral.
I don't know, all their DS guitar games suck.
I'm sorry, it's just...
It's retarded to play Guitar Hero on the DS.
I said it.
There you go.
It's also retarded to play Dance Dance Revolution on iPhone, a PSP, or a DS, because it makes
no sense.
Yeah, you're not dancing.
You're not dancing.
You're not...
I don't know.
I have to concur with you on there.
Even though I used to play, like, DDR, like, with the remote control, like, when I couldn't
afford to go to the arcade.
What's one of the biggest iPhone games right now, in fact, so big that Apple actually displays
it on a big banner inside their store?
Silent Hill The Escape.
No, not Silent Hill The Escape.
Tap Tap Revenge.
Tap Tap Revenge is like a somewhat DDR clone.
Hit the buttons.
No.
It's a clone of Amplitude.
No, it's not.
I've played the game.
It's like Guitar Hero, if anything else.
The notes scroll down and you tap.
That's what it's closest to, is Guitar Hero.
But still, though, you're not dancing, though.
That's the thing.
If it's like a BeatMania game or something like that, then yeah, that's a little bit
more acceptable, because you can't play DDR on a DS.
It's just weird.
Although, although I did see a homebrew program, though, that could be a way that they could
do DDR on a DS.
It would just be, you know, with stylus strokes and stuff like that, and it looked really
cool.
But because it looked really cool, Konami would never do that.
Of course.
Alright, well, hey, speaking of some systems, there's still some love for the old systems
too.
In fact, systems so old that Victoria actually owns them, because she can afford them.
You are such a bitch, oh my god!
Shut up!
I love you.
Please don't.
Yes, I do.
PlayStation 2 reaches the 50 million sold mark in North America.
PlayStation 2 has actually hit that mark, 50 million, and I believe that is more than
any other system, if I'm not mistaken.
So it's a lot.
Wow.
Because they keep breaking, and you have to keep re-buying them.
So by the way, there is a note from John Kohler, the marketing head of Sony Computer Entertainment.
We don't intend on discarding the system any time soon.
Yeah, they still sell like hundreds of thousands of units each month, because they can't play
the games on a PS3.
They're going to release the PSI on April 4th for a price tag of $159.
Perhaps.
It would be cool if they shrunk down the PS2 even more, make it like the size of an old...
Like your finger or something.
Yes, the size of my finger.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, because I could put a DVD in my finger, dummy.
I could!
I could spin it around my finger, that would work.
You could put it in, it would just break.
Like a lot.
You're so weird.
You're weird.
Shut up.
Game Guru would like to point out, PS2 makes money, PS3 does not.
Yep.
But you know, people are saying the PS3 needs to come down in price, and then they might
actually sell some more units.
Who knows?
Too late.
Too little, too late.
Yeah, I think so.
It's just a little too late.
It's just, might as well give up this console generation, just, you know, work on the next
one.
I don't know.
So we talked a little bit before about the video download service that they have in Japan
for the Wii, which is kind of, I don't know.
It's very family friendly, I guess.
Maybe they have cartoons and other Japanese programming stuff on there.
Well, something similar may be coming to the US this year, actually.
And apparently, FujiSoft, the company behind it, was at CES and told Gamersight that they
were planning on bringing the WiiWare video service to the US.
It says, we can't quite tell at the moment, but if the negotiations are a success, maybe
within the year.
Which is cool, but you know, we still need some better storage on the Wii.
I know, I'm gonna be able to store all that video on my, you know, internal Wii drive
or the SD card it doesn't know how to read off of.
So what's that, Victoria?
I said, I can't work the Wii, I'm like retarded.
I've tried playing it.
You know what's funny is that the Wii is made for people to be able to understand very easily,
but you can't figure it out?
Well, I can, but I'm just not good at it.
I like having the little control in my hand.
Well, I guess it's kind of good if you're one of those people who moves the controller
to the left when you want your little person to go to the left, you know, like you're playing
Mario Brothers old school.
You know, just, jump right, right, right, yeah, no, I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, but I fail, epically, at the Wii.
What games do you enjoy on Wii?
I like that Wario one where you have to go through, do the little movements, I don't
know what it's called.
WarioWare.
That one.
Yeah, that's like one of the only games I've ever played on the Wii, other than Guitar
Hero because my cousins have it on, so.
Alright, good times.
So you're a Wii-tard, is what you're basically saying.
Yes, I'm a Wii-tard, yeah, exactly.
There you go.
Alright.
Well, hey, if you want to get a Wii cheap, you might want to run over to Circuit City
because Circuit City has gone under, and you know, so many of these companies are going
under recently, it's kind of sad.
I almost feel like we need a theme song on the show for when companies go under.
So let me try reading the story to this music.
Circuit City has announced that they are going to be filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, actually
no, they filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy already and closed 155 stores, that wasn't enough.
Now they are unable to find a buyer to keep themselves afloat, they are being liquidated.
So basically, sadly, and I apologize to any listeners we have who work for Circuit City
because this news has got to suck, and we really hope somebody else will come in and
buy up some of these old stores, but they are going under.
And from what I'm hearing from people who do work for them, that I know on like Live
Journal and stuff, apparently the company was horribly managed, and it's finally come
back to get them.
They kind of had an old business model too, I mean like, with places like Fry's and Best
Buy and stuff, Circuit City was just kind of the little guy, and they just can't keep
up.
And they kept building them next to Best Buy's, or Best Buy's kept building them next to Circuit
City, so like, you know, they kind of didn't have a chance.
So and here's the interesting thing, is of course the way liquidation sales usually work
is that, you know, they will be, by the way, it doesn't affect Canada.
Circuit City Canada is still going because it's not the US, so you don't have a US bankruptcy
thing.
So Circuit City Canada is still fine.
But Circuit City US, they're, you know, going under, and when a store liquidates, usually
they're going to have sales for the first week, 10% off.
And then the second week, 20% off, third week, 30% off.
Well here's the thing is that people are already snatching up the TVs, the Xboxes and all this
stuff, because they're like, OMG, 10% off.
Well, Circuit City was marking half this shit up to begin with, which is probably part of
the reason they're going under.
So you're really sadly not going to say much.
Actually they're doing some stuff 10, some stuff 20, and some stuff 30, all in the same
week, so.
Oh interesting.
I haven't been to the one here yet.
Did you check it out already?
Nathan went, that's where he was going to look for his RAM or whatever, so.
Oh okay, interesting.
Good luck with that.
I know.
So I was like, all the good stuff's going to be gone already, I'm sure it went this
weekend.
Probably.
So all that's going to be left is like DVD and CDs of bands you've never heard of, probably.
Yeah, we went over to Circuit City the other day to look at their, this was before I got
my new car stereo.
They actually had less stereos than Walmart did.
I mean, Walmart has a pretty pathetic car stereo section, I mean, I think Circuit City
had like eight.
I didn't know that Walmart had a car section, or car stereo.
Yeah, they're very, they're, they suck, you know, I was like, looking for a price for
one of them, and the woman's like, be on that shelf over here!
Just like, what the fuck?
Well they all just lost their jobs, I mean, they're fine.
No, I'm talking about Walmart.
Oh.
This woman's not going anywhere, she's a bitch, but yeah.
It's like Mrs. Crabtree, like, sit down!
Shut up!
The Circuit City people were back smoking or talking to each other or something like
that, they were nowhere to be found.
I always, see, here's the thing, I always liked shopping at Circuit City, actually.
I liked going to Circuit City to shop because it was never crowded, and there was never
any lines, because nobody was there.
I mean, honestly, I mean, I hate to be rude, but it was actually kind of a selling point
to me.
Remember that one time, back when they were selling Weez and stuff, and we went, we drove
by the Circuit City, and there was like, no one there?
Yeah, it was the night the Weez came out, and Best Buy had a line like, going around
the block, remember we went out, like, when the Weez came out, we were giving out, what
was it, orange soda, and so we were trying to sell our show to locals, and so we did
that, went to Best Buy, and then Circuit City had like, five people.
Wow, that's great.
Poor guys.
I feel bad, you know there's someone who listens to this show who works for Circuit City, who
just loves their job, who's a little pissed, that we're riffing on them a little bit, and
it does suck, you know.
You know, I have friends, actually, from school that worked at Circuit City, but they kind
of knew it was coming, you know, they've been looking for a little while for another job,
you know, like, they had something lined up, they knew this was gonna happen, so, I mean,
it sucks, but, they prepared, you know, they've known.
Well, I hope that's the case, so, good luck to all those that were impacted, and unless
you were part of the reason Circuit City went under, like, you're one of these upper managements
that didn't know what you were doing, then, well, sucks, doesn't it?
Alright, well, apparently there was a story about this dog that was as dead as Circuit
City for at least a moment.
Wow.
Apparently a woman in Michigan nearly killed her dog when she accidentally struck it on
the temple with a Wii remote.
Yes, she was busy doing some Wii Sports bowling, didn't have the wrist strap on or something
like that, and the Wii remote went straight and hit the dog in the temple, killing him
instantly.
Poor doggy!
But then, luckily though, the dog, Ozzy, was not moving and stuff, so they called a neighbor
who apparently had some veterinary training, and she was able to revive the dog using mouth-to-mouth.
But the dog had to be taken to the real vet, where, you know, apparently it had some severe
brain swelling due to cardiac arrest, but the dog, you know, apparently is fine now.
Yay!
Wait, she had to kiss the dog on the mouth?
Not kiss.
Yeah, full-on, like, mouth-to-mouth.
No, no, it's not mouth-to-mouth, it's actually nose.
You have to blow down the dog's nose.
Oh.
Okay, well.
I love dogs, but not that much.
Aww.
Hey, if my cat was dying, I'd do that.
Fuck that, it's my cat.
Fuck that.
It's a family.
It's got these boogers on its nose.
I'm gonna...
No, I understand.
Yeah, that'd be like, I'm happy.
Oh, Irene's dying, but her breath kinda smells...
Hey, I wouldn't blame you, Matt.
I think I'm just gonna let her die, you know?
Rob, I'm never gonna give you, like, mouth-to-nose.
I mean, you're dear to me, but that's nasty, and I wouldn't...
Just let me die, right?
Maybe your mouth, but your nose.
Hell nah.
Aww, the dog is...
And then when I wake up, I'd be like, ew, why are you trying to kiss me, pervert?
And then I'd throw a Wii Mode at your temple, and like, hope you die.
That's wrong, you shouldn't joke about that.
You don't know.
I know, it's a cute puppy.
Alright.
Aww.
And then later, pretty soon, there will be video of these Wii accidents, as if there
aren't enough already, of people destroying their TVs and stuff, showing up on YouTube.
And the ironic thing now is that it'll be much easier to watch someone break their Wii
on a Wii.
And the reason why I say that is that, you know, who doesn't love to watch YouTube?
Like when you're having a party, and somebody says, hey, did you see that thing on Saturday
Night Live?
Hurry up, let's look it up on YouTube before they remove it.
You run onto YouTube, right, and you get it on the TV, but unfortunately, YouTube kinda
sucks to look at on the TV, right?
Well now, YouTube has launched a special site, it's at www.youtube.com slash TV, and if you
go to the site on your PlayStation 3 or your Nintendo Wii, it's a new site that's like,
optimized for those.
So it's much easier to browse YouTube, and yeah, and I've heard great things about it.
So props to YouTube for finally, a year later, getting their site optimized to use on the
TV.
That's great.
I was gonna say, though, that there is a video, I guess it's a news report about the dog that
died on YouTube, so it's, if you search for a woman's, they have a, what is it, a dog
killed by Wii Remote, and then you can-
Wait, but the dog actually lived!
The dog lived!
He was only dead for five minutes.
Okay, cause I don't, you know, it's-
Which makes him a zombie!
Wait, he was dead for five minutes?
Yes.
I thought you could start getting, like, brain damage after, like, three or four minutes.
Doctor dumb.
So, you know-
Like, what are they gonna damage?
You know?
I guess that's true.
Aww, that's what makes them adorable, though.
And it's one of those dogs, I forget what they call it, it's not a collie, but it's,
um-
It's like Lassie?
It's like a miniature collie or something, what do they call it?
Yeah, it's like a mini Lassie.
She killed Lassie!
Yeah.
Border collie?
Is the normal thing?
Right?
I don't know if it's a border collie, it's like a miniature collie, I don't know.
Cause border collies are a little bit bigger.
Man, I don't know.
They're, like, Lassie-sized.
Yeah.
That's what Lassie is, a border collie.
Anyways.
Sorry.
Distracted by the dog.
So, there's some other interesting stuff, a little bit more positive, I guess, for Nintendo.
There's a new patent that shows Nintendo is possibly working on a motion-sensing DS card.
Perhaps, you know, something that was similar to, like, what they had for the Game Boy Advance,
you know, for different games.
I think one of the Warioware games had it.
But it's a DS direction-sensing card.
Hmm.
No word on what it's gonna be used for, but it's something that has built-in direction
and motion tracking.
So, I can get my iPhone's games ported to my DS, because that's what I see happening
when this comes out, is that now we'll just get ports of iPhone games on the DS.
Yeah.
With that whole little TILTI thing.
I can get Silent Hill The Escape on my DS.
Wouldn't that be fabulous?
Wow.
That's exactly what you wanted, huh?
I know.
Okay.
No, they didn't do a Silent Hill game on the DS.
They did a Resident Evil game on the DS, and that was not very good.
Was there, like, a play novel or something that was on the DS?
But a motion-sensing card, I mean, those DS cards are not exactly that big, so that's
pretty impressive.
I would think that they would just do, well, the actual chips that do the motion-sensing
are really super tiny, so it could be done.
It's just, I don't know, and really, I mean, you can have those things kind of hang out
of the slot a little bit, you know, because I remember with, like, the WarioWare one that
they had, it was pretty big.
I mean, I guess technology was a little bit older then, but, you know, the card itself
was huge compared to what normal Game Boy Advance, you know, cards look like, so.
Very interesting.
I like this comment in chat.
Sy says this in chat room, what the hell?
Why not have that in the DSi?
A new system is just out and already an add-on that should be built in.
Yeah, exactly.
Just like the Wii Motion Plus, something that should have been done in the first place.
Because Nintendo really cares about its customer base.
Damn it, we're not getting into that argument.
Well, alright, I guess we'll see what comes to this, or what possible game they could
be making with this, who knows, but, uh.
It's gonna suck, whatever it is, I'm sure.
It's gonna be like Wii Sports for the DS or something, can you imagine that?
Wii Bowling, people throwing their DSs, oh no, I broke my DS, like, guess I gotta go
buy a new DSi, I see conspiracy here.
Well this will be an interesting game when it comes out, Final Fantasy Legend 2 is being
remade for the DS.
Wait, is that the Game Boy one?
Yes.
Okay, the one that's not really like Final Fantasy, the one that's more like part of
the Saga series?
You got it, it was actually Saga 2, Hiho Densetsu, and that was Final Fantasy Legend
here.
I love when you pronounce Japanese.
Shut up.
But yeah, it's getting the full 3D little views and things, kind of like Final Fantasy
4 and the Dragon Quest games have had, so that's being released here.
Awesome, I actually think I still have Final Fantasy Legend 2 or 3 on my old Game Boy cartridge.
Yeah, and in this Japanese magazine, they are definitely selling it as Saga 2, so.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I liked the Saga series, I'm like the only person in the world.
Maybe they'll call it Saga when it comes out over here instead of Final Fantasy.
Um, maybe, because it would be very weird to have Final Fantasy Legend 2 come out over
here, you know, and it would be kind of like, well, whatever happened to the first two,
because who remembers that far back of the Game Boy, you know?
Well, yeah, I guess that's true.
Let's just hope that they never do a Mystic Quest remake.
I somehow don't see that happening.
Mystic Quest wasn't terrible.
But it wasn't good.
Yeah, I'll just leave it at that, it wasn't terrible.
Anyhow.
Anyways.
That's it.
So, yes, it figures that the homebrew community, of course, is doing something that Nintendo
isn't doing on their own.
A new device has come out, Matrix Wii Z.
It's being prototyped right now, but it basically is sort of a mod chip that plugs into your
Wii system.
There's actually no modification really being done to the hardware, it's just a plug mod,
so you unhook one of the ribbon cables, plug it into this mod device, and then plug another
ribbon cable into where you'd normally plug the original ribbon cable.
It sounds kind of complicated, but what this actually does, it will allow you to not only
do the same stuff as a normal mod chip, but it has a connector for a SATA external HD
or a hard drive, so you can attach an external hard drive to the Wii.
And so I can put...
So, well, they say that you can put ISO's on there and stuff like that and actually
run pirated games for them, but you can...
Oh, I wouldn't want to encourage people to do that.
No, no, no.
You can also, it will, the system itself will look at it like it's part of the actual storage
on the device, so you can, you know, use it for storing games.
But this, yeah, you can actually store ISO's and stuff, so.
Rob just tried to rape me.
Well, you were falling asleep, so I went over there to give you a lap dance, and I was getting
a cookie.
So, because...
I'm frightened.
All I hear is blah, blah, blah, wee, blah, blah, blah, and I'm not hearing...
You shoved your dong in her face, okay?
I did not shove my dong in her face.
You were like, how many licks does it take, and you were like, I'm waving your dong in
her face.
No, I waved a snickerdoodle in her face.
Oh, yeah, that's what they call it, your snickerdoodle.
And that's why you thrusted your nut sack in my face.
I was like, oh my gooses.
You make it sound like I'm not wearing pants or something.
You're not.
But yeah, it's basically, this device will allow super fast loading of ISOs in homebrew,
so.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Hooray.
I'm sorry, I was just hearing blah, blah, blah, wee, blah, blah, blah, a system that
doesn't have any games out on it I care about, blah, blah, blah.
But Rob, what?
They're doing, you know, the new play control...
Yes, that's a title that they stuck with, you know, for instead of play on the Wii,
you know, new play control, Mario, was it Mario Power Tennis and the new play control
Pikmin.
Aren't you excited about those?
I mean, those games are totally new and not ever been out on the GameCube.
Oh, wait, no, they have.
Sad.
Irene, care to comment on anything?
What Wii games are you looking forward to, Irene?
I'm dying to know.
You know, things and stuff.
That's probably actually a Wii game that's coming out with things and stuff.
Things and stuff.
When it's a collection of mini games.
That's what it is.
Yay.
Things and stuff.
Sounds like a dream game to me.
You too?
Oh my gosh.
Shut up.
Is that coming out on the Wii in April?
On April 4th.
Can't wait.
Things and stuff.
Yeah.
Shut up.
They said I'll wave my dong in people's faces, okay?
That's one of the mini games, actually, in things and stuff.
No, I'm never buying that game then.
You take your thingy and wave it in Victoria's face.
Yeah, take your stuff.
Yup.
Well, hey, whatever Nintendo's doing, it's working, because do you know how many Wiis
they sold in December?
Five million consoles sold by Nintendo in December, although that's a little bit...
It's actually not Wiis alone.
It was actually the DS sold three million, and the Wii sold two million, so you put it
together, they sold five million systems that Nintendo moved.
That's a lot of dead Collies.
Matt!
Matt's gonna wipe out the Collie species off this plant.
You are terrible.
Lassie will be just a memory.
Well, she is, but she's dead.
Look, that's okay.
And Timmy will be stuck in the well forever.
Where's Jamie here to yell at you?
But look, the reason why this is newsworthy is December, hello, Christmas.
So these are the numbers that were going into the Christmas and what ended up under people's
trees.
So, yeah, three million DS's, two million Wiis, one and a half about million Xbox 360s,
one million PSPs, three quarters of a million PS3s.
Big surprise.
And not even half a million PS2s, but still, you know, going in there.
Yeah, it's kind of an old system, so that's actually pretty good.
Dark Tetsuya says OLR's gonna get an angry email from PETA.
I hope we do, because Jamie would have to read it.
And Jamie is very opinionated when it comes to PETA.
So I would actually, I welcome them to write the email, please, by all means.
Come on the show.
In fact, I totally encourage people going out and murdering animals with Wii remotes
and controllers.
And why stop at the Wii?
I mean, hell, look at the original Xbox controller.
That thing is like a blunt object of death.
Try dropping an original Xbox on a dog?
God, I hope the kids know he's not serious.
Oh, they'd never survive.
Please, please.
You can take out like three dogs with that thing.
Oh, God, am I really here right now?
Yeah, three like great veins with those.
Am I really here?
Like, Christ.
If we get sued, I don't want any part of this.
You know, you're gonna get sued by.
I'm distancing myself.
I love PETA or some shit.
Did you ever see Mythbusters where they were, there was the myth where they dropped the
frozen turkey on a dog and to see what kind of damage it would do.
So they made this like analog dog and they dropped the turkey on it and it just shattered
the dog.
So can you imagine what happened with an Xbox?
I mean, those things are heavy.
Oh, oh, frozen Xbox.
Oh, my God.
Frozen Xbox.
You drop it and then the world like breaks in half because it's so way out of this show.
It's not ridiculous.
Could happen.
Yes.
I do.
You know what?
It's the Wii Fit Balance Board.
I mean, that thing is pretty big and it does wake a bit.
It's pretty sizable.
It's pretty sizable.
You could.
I'm not advocating anything.
I'm just saying it could happen.
Matt's the one who's saying you should kill animals.
I'd like to drop a frozen turkey on Miley Cyrus.
I don't know about anybody else out there.
Kill that bitch.
She gets to fucking die.
Hey, have you seen the trailer for the new movie?
No.
Tyra Banks is in it.
Oh, shit.
I might have to go.
See, that's what I would, if I had a radio show, I'd be all about celebrities and all
that shit.
Me and Rob talked about it for a while.
This is a possibility.
This is a kind of possibility.
I think it'd be pretty fierce.
Maybe.
Yep.
All right.
I don't know.
That's enough of me saying stuff that's...
Yes, please.
Can we get some release dates for God's sake?
No.
I guess.
Whatever.
Oh, perfect.
Anyways, so this week we've got a few things coming out.
I mean, it's January.
It's pretty slow still.
There's some good stuff.
Star Ocean Second Evolution for the PSP.
That's going to be a pretty good game.
You know, some of these Square Enix PSP games are doing very well, so that one's awesome.
Jumble Madness for the DS.
It's a bunch of word puzzles and stuff, hooray.
Big Bang Mini on the DS.
We actually played this, I think, at South Peaks booth.
Pretty fun.
It's kind of a little bit like, what was it, Fanavision and a space shooter type game.
Yeah, it was neat.
Yeah.
Something that needs a die and a fire.
Imagine Fashion Party.
Yeah, no thanks.
Let's see here.
So these are the games I'm going to get for Victoria, because she loved this type of game.
Imagine Fashion...
Okay, look.
No, no, no, no.
This bitch right here.
We were walking through Walmart, and we got to the section with the top model clothes,
and she was like, oh, top model.
I got a top model tank top for Christmas, so bite me.
Can you imagine the possibilities with that game?
Shut up.
Let's see here.
I was going to say, also, the Ultimate Shooting Collection on the Wii.
It's three Japanese arcade shooter games.
They're actually pretty good.
I'm trying to remember what was in it.
It was Cororius, Radio Allergy, and I don't remember the last one that was in there.
But really, bullet hell shooter games.
Oh.
Okay.
That's cool.
Wonder World Amusement Park for the DS.
A bunch of mini games on there.
Artonaliko 2, the Melody of Melofechesa, I guess.
I don't know.
Was that a Disney villain?
Melofechesa?
No, I'm sorry.
I totally butchered that.
The Melody of Metapholycia, I guess.
I don't know.
Felicio?
I'm so done with that.
Okay.
With some extra crap.
It's on the PS2.
Wow.
The subtitle to that, none of which I just said.
So there you go.
Anyways, Skate 2 is coming out on PS3 and 360 this week as well.
And let's see here, tying in perfectly what we were talking about just before I started
talking about release dates.
Sim animals, another sim game where you get to control the wonders of nature.
In fact, they actually have this hand, which is the pointer, and you can poke badgers and
stuff and they will attack your hand.
It's awesome.
Badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger.
Is it football or mushroom?
Mushroom.
It's football, isn't it?
I don't know.
I think it's mushroom.
It's mushroom.
Yeah, it's okay.
But that'll be out on the Wii and the DS.
So awesome.
Can you simulate, you know, dropping stuff on your animals?
You can throw animals.
I saw them shaking a squirrel violently, so I'm sure you can throw rocks at them.
Why would you shake a squirrel?
Or maybe feed them to other things.
Are you done with US release dates?
We need to take, like, the bear in that game and just feed it all sorts of animals, and
they'll become rabid and just eat things.
I know.
Very rare bear.
I'm trying my hardest, okay?
It just never works.
Moving on to the UK and the release dates over there.
We need a British accent.
British accent.
Oh, you want me to do it in British accent?
I do, yes please.
Well, I really annoy everybody overseas when I talk like this.
It's a really bad British accent, I'll give you that.
It's a really bad one.
Do you want to read these in British accent, Victoria?
No, I don't want to read them in British accent.
Why not?
Because.
I think you should.
Why?
Well, do you want me to get you some tea and some crumpets?
Put you in the mood?
I don't like tea and crumpets.
Okay.
Okay, knock it off.
If you're going to talk in an accent, talk like you're from New York, alright?
Don't be such a wanker.
Alright.
You're a wanker.
On the 20th, I'm going to get so much hate mail this week.
On the 23rd.
British accent.
On the 23rd, Football Manager Live is coming to the PC and Neopets Puzzle Adventures coming
out as well on the DS and the PFC and the Wii.
I don't know who's bloody playing Neopets, but somebody is for sure.
On Skate 2 comes out for the Playstation 3 and the Xbox 360.
I'm not doing a Japanese accent for the Japanese releases.
Stop it.
Left 4 Dead comes out.
The Japanese version on January 22nd on the Xbox 360.
The Playstation 3.
See, she can do that because she's actually Asian.
I do it and I'm a racist.
Well you are.
Playstation 3, Prince of Persia, WWE Smackdown vs. Raw, and Juice 2 all getting releases
in Japan.
And on the Nintendo Wii, Rayman Raving Rabbids TV Party, Fragile, Sayonara, Suki no Haikayo,
Suzumiya Harui no Gekidou comes out as well.
What?
You want to read them?
No.
You think you can do better?
Probably.
I think anybody could do better.
I'm sorry.
Playstation 2.
Some price reductions for Destroy All Humans and Juice 2.
On the Nintendo DS, Monster Racer comes out as well as Rayman what?
When you said that, you said Destroy All Humans and Juice 2, but I thought you said Juice
2.
It sounded like Destroy All Humans and Juice 2.
I'm like, but they're humans too.
You know, I don't even think that would be acceptable in Japan, let alone here.
I know they get away with some pretty crazy stuff, but not that.
That was awful.
Man, our show has really gone downhill.
It has.
We lose Jamie and seriously, it just goes to shit.
It's Rob's fault because he can't do a good British accent.
I know, my British accent single-handedly ruined the show.
On the Nintendo DS, Monster Racer, Rayman Raving Rabbids TV Party, Te Guato DS Series
1, Tetsudo Data File.
What the hell that is.
But a game called Zubo is coming out in Japan, I bet that's pretty awesome.
So there you go.
Wow.
Zubo?
Mm-hmm.
I think that's a music game that's from EA.
They look like crap.
And on the Sony PSP, we have Patapon 2 comes out.
At least the Chinese version comes out in other Asian territories.
Ratchet and Clank gets a price reduction.
Looks like the only new game, Hokuto no Ken Rao Gaiden, Ten no Haoa comes out.
That's what it's called.
Totally.
Sort of.
It's a fighting game coming out on the PSP.
There you go.
Good times.
There's your Japanese releases.
Let's move on with the news.
I need a break.
Oh, those were Japanese?
We need to get to...
We need to get to the end of the par day.
I need to go flush my head down the toilet.
Alright.
Well, there's lots of download content coming to our music games here.
Starting off with Guitar Hero World Tour, they're getting a Travis Barker track pack.
And featured in there will be What's My Age Again by Blink-182, Lo, the Travis Barker
remix by Flo Rida, featuring T-Pain, and Looks Like a Lycanthrope by Plus44.
And that'll be available for 160 Microsoft points per track, or 440 for the entire bundle.
And no word on what the real money is.
I think, what is it, 160 is two bucks per.
And let's see, Rock Band is getting some interesting stuff.
Steve Miller, there's gonna be a Steve Miller Band 3-pack with Space Cowboy, Take the Money
and Run, and The Joker.
All of those will be available for 160 Microsoft points each, or $2.
And the pack will run you 440 Microsoft points, or $5.49.
And then the individual songs, you'll be getting I Stand Alone by Godsmack, Feed the Tree by
Belly, Wind Me Up by Ghost Hounds, Typical by Mute Math, and Warzone by Rob Zombie.
And if I remember correctly, I think Warzone says new single.
And all those will be available for...
Where's Dragula?
That song's awesome.
And I wanna play that on Rock Band.
Well that's...
It's back in the 90s, Rob.
Shut up, I hate you.
Anything.
Warzone wasn't that good from what I remember, I actually bought that.
So it was okay.
Not worth the single though.
It's a shame.
Yes.
Finally, Lips, the karaoke game, has some stuff coming out for the rest of this month.
Available, actually came out earlier this week, When I Grow Up by the Pussycat Dolls.
You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling by the Righteous Brothers, and Erased Rewind by the Carnagans.
Those all came out on the 16th.
I love that song.
Next week, we've got, let's see, on the 23rd here, Hate That I Love You by Rihanna featuring
Neo, and Thanks for the Memories by Fall Out Boy.
Yes, they're so hip that they don't use vowels in their...
We need to have Victoria just sing these songs as Loki reads them.
Yes, awesome.
I'm doing it anyway.
And then finally, Look What You've Done by Jet.
I don't know that one.
Look What You've Done, no I don't think that's it.
Alright, and then finally on January 30th, Sunday Morning by Maroon 5, Take a Bow by
Rihanna, and Water Runs Dry by Boyz II Men.
Wow, what is up with these random old songs like Belly Feed the Tree, like oh man, I was
so glad that made a comeback, and then like Boyz II Men, one of their songs that was not
even all that popular, like wow, okay, I guess.
Some comments from chat I gotta read.
Retertainment says, Why pay for tracks from Lips when I can steal them from Bittorrent
sites?
Plug in my iPod and play them for free.
Because it's not quite the same, and I think these actually come with the videos and stuff.
Leo Shen says, Where the fuck is my love fool and my favorite game?
Love Fools in Sing Star, for whatever it's worth, and it has the original video, not
the one they did in the US.
It's like the old school one.
I like your Race and Rewind.
That's a good song.
I do too.
I like my favorite game too, and I don't know what a good karaoke song that would be.
That's more of a, that other series, the racing series had that in one of their ads.
Gran Turismo?
Yeah.
Two.
My favorite game was like in the commercial?
It was, yeah.
It was a song in the game, wasn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Alright.
My favorite game was also, I think, one of the Euro DDR games.
Well speaking of...
I don't know, I could be completely wrong on that, but that's a guess.
Speaking of awesome music games, this news has me very, very happy.
The Harmonics CEO Alex Rigopoulos was interviewed with Ars Technica recently, and he has basically
professed his love for Amplitude.
You might remember that game.
Harmonics, these are the games they did before Guitar Hero, Amplitude and Frequency.
Well, he was basically confirming that he does want to eventually revive the series.
Yay!
Excited!
That'd be awesome.
So the only problem is Sony actually owns that property.
Harmonics developed it, I guess, for Sony.
So you ain't gonna see this on Xbox.
It would probably be like a PlayStation Network type game.
But hell, I don't mind.
I would love to see this game make a comeback because, you know, there's certain songs that
you can only get in these types of games.
You're not gonna get in like a rock band type game.
So I am definitely for this.
I hope...
I hope they do it.
They really need to like, revive some of those older rhythm games, like from the 90s and
early 2000s.
Like Guitar Freaks, and then they'll make a game called Rock...
Oh.
GS68 says, did Harmonics also do Karaoke Revolution with Konami?
They did.
They did.
They developed the first couple versions.
And then, by the time I think they got to like, Karaoke Country, I think finally Harmonics
split off.
And Konami did it themselves.
Harmonics is like, okay, we're not doing Country, fuck that.
Something like that, yeah.
Just kidding.
That's exactly how it went down.
All right.
So we're gonna get into the classic video game of the week.
It's a little part of the show where we like to pay homage to a game from yesteryear.
A game from the past.
And Dark Sakura is not here tonight to do this, so this is the part where Loki and I
will fill in.
I guess we're gonna do your game tonight, because I did it last time.
So Loki is gonna pick a game for us this week.
A classic video game that he thinks everybody out there on the internet who listens to our
show should be playing.
Loki, what is the classic video game of the week this week?
You know, I didn't know.
But actually, I just came up with one last minute.
Hooray for me!
No, actually, I want to pay homage to...
It's not even that old, I mean, I hate thinking that a Playstation 1 game is considered retro
now.
But I think one of the greatest in this game series, except for maybe Twisted Metal Black,
but Twisted Metal 2, Twisted Metal 2, as it was known in Europe as Twisted Metal 2 World
Tour, the second game in the vehicle combat series Twisted Metal, still one of my favorite
games, and they've remade it a few different times.
On the PSP they had Twisted Metal 2 head on, or Twisted Metal head on, I guess it was called.
But basically this game, very over the top, just killing each other, and each one won
the win the entire competition because they got a wish granted from Sweet Tooth, I believe,
or Dark Tooth, or whatever the other evil guy was.
I don't remember.
It's been a while.
Doesn't really matter, because who cares about the story when you're just going around major
cities like Paris, and Moscow, and stuff like that, and just destroying all sorts of stuff.
It was great.
Paris, you can actually destroy the Eiffel Tower.
LA, they had some ruins left over, I guess, from the previous Twisted Metal game.
In, let's see here, New York, they had the rooftops, which I think was my favorite map
of the entire game there.
Antarctica, they had some glaciers that were dropping, different icebergs sinking into
the ocean.
And then Hong Kong, they had the Hong Kong Crunch, which was set in the streets of Hong
Kong.
Of course there was some different characters that were added in the game.
They had Sweet Tooth, Dark Tooth, and Minion, which could be unlocked with different codes
in the game.
And I guess Dark Tooth was only playable on the PC version, or if you had a cheat device
for the Playstation 1, you could play Dark Tooth that way, which is kind of cool.
And he was a giant ice cream truck, because, yes, with a clown on top, because he was Sweet
Tooth's father, if I remember correctly.
Victoria actually played this game.
I heard her speak up, going, I remember this game!
Yes, because Dark Tooth was Charlie Kane, and then of course Sweet Tooth was Needles
Kane, and he had the ice cream truck.
Some of the other characters, Axl, which was a guy that was trapped in a vehicle, I guess,
by his father, with two giant tires, and so he was playing that.
Then Grasshopper, which was a dune buggy, which apparently was Calypso's daughter, and
Calypso, of course, was the guy that was running the entire tournament.
Mr. Grim, which was on a red motorcycle, and he consumed souls, which was kind of, sort
of kind of a Ghost Rider ripoff, I guess.
Minion, which was pretty fun, I think that was actually one of my favorite characters
to play, and it was a black battle tank, and then of course Specter, who had a sports car
with the missiles that would fly through things, like ghost missiles, and then a bunch of other
stuff in there.
Of course, I think that TwistML2, they had some levels that they cut out, that they brought
back for TwistML head-on, the PS2 version, they brought some that they had canceled actually,
I think they were making a, I don't know, more levels for TwistML Black that were added
into that game, and it was kind of a remake of TwistML2 and the TwistML Black engine,
which is pretty cool.
But unfortunately we still haven't seen another TwistML game since Black, and I don't really
count the PSP ones.
But hey, you know, they were talking about remaking, these were adding, making a new
one for PS3, and I think they should do it, because it was probably one of the best series
that was on the Playstation, so.
That's my classic game there.
Alright, there you have it, Twisted Metal 2, your classic game of the week.
That's a good pick.
That's not, that's not good enough.
That was pretty good for a last minute one, yeah.
Yeah, that was good.
The soccer has done Dreamcast games, and that was later in PS1.
Yeah, you can tell that I totally remember all the backstory on this, because I totally
butchered everything.
That's cool.
That's alright.
It was last minute.
You did good.
You did good.
Alright, so that's going to do it for part A of Orange Ons Radio, but that doesn't mean
the show's over, we're just going to take a break, and we'll be back, there's plenty
more where this came from.
Your calls as well, we'll get to a little later on in the show, we have some more news
in the next segment, we're going to be talking about some updates with the Pandora battery,
the controversial device for the PSP, also talk about some other PSP news, we have quite
a bit, as well as a very controversial Nintendo patent that was discovered this week.
It was something I kind of referred to earlier, to try and help those people that are really
bad at video games, but is it a good thing, or is it going to be a bad thing?
Who knows?
Anyhow, with all the talk about Silent Hill this week, for the live listeners, I'm going
to play some music from Silent Hill games, because who doesn't love the Silent Hill music,
but for those of you listening to the podcast, you don't get that because we're not allowed
to play copyright music, but we'll be right back in just a few seconds for you guys on
the podcast.
For those of you listening live, we'll be back in a few minutes here on Orange Lounge
Radio.
And we're back with more of Orange Lounge Radio on this part B of our podcast, taping
live here on January the 18th of 2009, to those of you guys who are just tuning in live
on AllGames.com.
Thank you guys for tuning in, tonight's kind of a weird night.
Mark Sacra is not here, she's on vacation just before school starts, so we brought in
two girls to replace her, well obviously she can never be replaced, but substitute tonight,
and so we have somebody who definitely looks like a naughty substitute teacher, Victoria
is here.
Yeah, and she's hot.
And she was flirting with the chatters.
Hi guys.
Oh, shut up.
Oh man, all Skype's going to be, hi Victoria, how's it going?
I did upload the picture that was requested earlier to my Twitter during the break, so
the boys could see it, and then we had a couple of chatters flirting with Victoria, so that's
cute.
So anyway, alright, but no more flirting, back to business, alright, we're back to work
here on Orange Lounge Radio, we got more gaming news to talk about, and yes we do, so, Loki
why don't you start us off, oh no, you're not gonna, are you starting us off, yes, alrighty
then.
Guitar Hero Metallica has been announced by Metallica that it is coming out in the US,
or North America I guess, March 29th, May, pretty much everywhere else.
It's interesting though, is the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 versions are coming out on the
29th, but the PS2 and the Wii version though are coming sometime this spring, most likely
early May, and this is according to the band's website, and of course, you know, it's gonna
have Expert Plus, 28 songs from the group's discography, as well as other tracks from
like Alice in Chains, The Food Fighters, Slayer, Machine Head, Queen, and stuff like that.
What's interesting though, and this is a little bit late news here, but they're gonna have
a special pre-order bonus actually being done through GameStop, which is surprising, they're
going to be giving away, with Guitar Hero Metallica, another drum pedal, because apparently
you're gonna need to have two pedals for the kick drum to be able to play some of those
songs, or you're probably gonna want to have two kick pedals, so that's kind of interesting.
But yeah, no other worry on that, but interesting to see this is gonna be the first Guitar Hero
game coming out this year, and I'm sure not the last.
First of many.
First of many, yeah.
How long before the series jumps the shark?
Oh wait, done!
Hey, Sony is going to be delivering of course more PSP and PlayStation 1 old titles on PlayStation
Network, and guess what, there is a PSP game that just came out I believe this week on
the PlayStation 3, it's Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins.
I believe Jamie spoke very highly of this game when she was here, it's kind of a put
together compilation of some of the old Ghosts and Goblins titles, it's now available for
download for $20.
There you have it, you can't play it on the PlayStation 3 because it was a PSP game, but
you can use your little transfer device and put it on your PSP if you have a large storage
stick for your PSP.
There you have it.
If you have a large stick, you can shut up, shut up.
There is a lawsuit in place for Datel, the makers of such wonderful devices as the Wii
freeloader, which apparently I don't think works anymore, I'm not sure, that's kind of
in limbo there, and also a third party battery that would have made it easier to hack the
PSP 3000 perhaps.
Lightblue Tool, which is their service mode battery that they've made, is just basically
a fancy name for the Pandora battery, they basically stole the idea for and decided that
they were going to put it out.
However, due to legal action by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, they are not able to
put out said battery, and yeah, they will not be releasing it.
But that's okay, because if you remember that there is an exploit now that's being used
that will eventually allow the PSP 3000 to be hacked using Grip Shift.
So that is coming along nicely, they already have some homebrew games available for it,
and soon enough a homebrew and firmware loader.
Cool.
Yeah.
What do you think will happen as a result of the lawsuit?
Nothing, they'll just stop making the battery and, you know, move on.
There'll be something else to hack the PSP with later?
There'll be something else, but the thing is, the fact that they were even releasing
that battery in the first place was kind of retarded, I mean, I know it is a little bit
difficult to make a Pandora's battery, but it can be done.
It's not too difficult if you just follow the instructions, but the fact that they were
kind of making this and claiming it as their own, you know, is kind of a rip-off, because
they did not come up with this idea.
All right, well speaking of hacking, DotHack, which is kind of a cult series on the PlayStation,
you ever played the DotHack games?
Yeah, I've never played them, but I'm familiar with them.
I own the very first one, the very, very first one I found for like 20 bucks somewhere.
They're kind of fun, they're very niche kind of titles, but, you know, I think they had
two different series.
They had the DotHack series and then there was DotHack GU, which was the later series.
Now DotHack Link was announced by Famitsu Magazine as coming to the PSP in 2009, so now it's
going from PlayStation 2 to PSP.
The interesting thing though they're saying is that, you know, part of what made DotHack
kind of interesting is that it was sort of like an MMO, but it wasn't.
It was a single player experience that was like an MMO, if that makes any sense.
Like, you know, all the characters that you came across were scripted and everything,
but it was kind of part of the niche of the game.
But they're thinking that this series is now going to be a little more like Monster Hunter,
because that's the very big series in Japan right now on the PSP.
So DotHack Link could be a little more Monster Hunter-esque, but I'm sure there's a lot of
anime fans that are going to be very excited to hear that DotHack is making a comeback on
the PSP.
Sweet.
Hooray.
Let's see here, some, I guess, interesting stuff coming out from a Sony survey, and we
all love these surveys that they put out.
Speculation of what exactly might be coming to the PSP2, and this new survey of course
was asking, you know, gamers what features they would like seen in the new console, and
some of the stuff that they were suggesting here, let's see, possible features include
smaller, yet retain most of the current PSP screen size, offered social networking functionality
in the cross-media bar, included a keyboard for easier internet browsing and communication,
offered Bluetooth wireless support for easy pairing with other devices, had a touchscreen,
had an improved screen for more dynamic graphic displays, offered the ability to find others
near you who want to connect for online gaming, offered an e-comic book or book download service
through the PlayStation Network, and included a hard drive for memory storage.
And some other things, they were also talking about built-in GPS, and yeah, interesting.
I have a feeling that they're going to do a touchscreen at the next one.
They kind of have to at this point, if you think about it.
And motion-sensoring, I mean, why not?
Do you think it's for, like, another PSP redo, or do you think this is for, like, the next
PSP, whatever it is, like the PSV2, or whatever?
I think it would have to be for the next one.
I mean, they could still do another redo of it or whatever, because I think there was
some rumors about PSP 4000.
I don't know, though, if they would just put a touchscreen on, you know, a new PSP or something
like that.
A lot of these, I mean, other than, like, social networking, that wouldn't be too bad,
or like a book download service, I mean, you can do e-books right now if you're homebrew
stuff, so that could be done now, and even the ability to find others near you that,
you know, want to connect for an online game.
I don't really see that as kind of a necessity, because that would require a lot of hotspots
and stuff like that, and it wouldn't really make sense that you would need, you know,
to know if there's someone nearby to connect with, because you're connected with anybody
over the internet, so it doesn't really matter.
Maybe Bluetooth support for, like, using, like, say, your 6-axis controller might be
kind of cool.
Let's read some comments from the chat room, chat.orensontraded.com, we've had a lot of
PSP different stories, I want to kind of read through some of these, because lots of diverse
comments from our chat.
Reddertainment says, why is Dattell getting sued for selling something that you can hack
the PSP with?
People who sell rocks don't get sued for possibly causing car break-ins.
But this is the case with a lot of these, you know, companies that get sued, right?
I think it has to do with infringing on some sort of stuff, probably information that was
written on the ROM of the battery, because the actual batteries that Sony uses actually
have data written on to them, so if, for example, they use that to reverse engineer something
to create a program, that would violate copyrights, and then they could stop them, I guess.
And also probably, you know, Dattell's not really a large company, and Sony is a lot
bigger, and they could probably bully them into doing whatever they want, so.
But more likely, you know, the prior, that they actually reverse engineered something,
and because of that, you know, it's not licensed, so, you know, they gotta put a stop to it.
Also some other things I want to read here, Jiove Dea, who's very excited about a new
.hack game coming out, says I wish those fuckers would have brought the actual.hack MMO over
even if it sucked balls, and XLink confirms there was a.hack MMO in Japan but it was
shut down.
D5T says.hack link for the PSP is going to be the last game, FYI.
So I don't know if it's gonna, I guess not a series, because all the other.hack games
were in series, I think the first one had four games, the other one had three, so that's
kind of weird that this would be a one-off game.
Hopefully it's a lot of game, because.hack got a big, I guess a very cult-type game.
There's a lot of people who've never heard of these games, but then I think there's enough
of our audience who like the anime and all that stuff too that I'm sure know about these
games.
I was pretty excited about it.
Well you know Monster Hunter, they're basically trying to recreate Monster Hunter over, find
anything that would work as a Monster Hunter game, because those are insanely popular in
Japan right now and especially with the new Monster Hunter game coming out on the Wii,
that's gonna probably take off really well.
They're trying to find more stuff that's kinda similar to Monster Hunter and if they try
to make their game more like Monster Hunter, then maybe they'll try to get that same type
of appeal that that game had.
There were some other games that they were trying to make like Monster Hunter too, I
I can't remember what it was, though.
But some other series game that they're changing up.
Interesting speculation in chat, too, by Alpha
Kananagrams says, maybe.hack link has DLC.
Good.
I don't know, a place for a PSP game.
That would be very interesting, but good.
All right, anyhow, let's go into a new story, kind of
getting away from the PSP stuff a little bit.
This is kind of one of those sad story things.
Apparently, in Illinois, there's a town there in
Illinois who put a new tax out on video game machines.
And it caused a small arcade to basically go under.
It was a place called the Name Your Game Store, and it was
located in Hampshire.
It was apparently a very popular after-school hangout.
It had games, snacks, cards, clothing, of all things.
So it was kind of like a little hodgepodge of cool
stuff, sounds like, a place for kids to go hang out.
The proprietors were Bob and Gina Pearson.
Apparently, a $250 annual tax per machine on these games,
they had to get rid of the 10 games that they had.
Glow-in-the-dark air hockey, NASCAR racing, Ms. Pac-Man all
bit the dust because of this new tax in the town.
Here's a quote from one of the owners.
We didn't renew the licenses because the machines didn't
even make what you charge in these astronomical fees.
The game companies tell us this is one of the highest
fees in Illinois.
We wonder if the village really researched how big this
should be or if they just slapped a number on it.
We had become a pretty big hangout for kids after school
and weekends, but not having the video games this year has
made a big impact in just the first two weeks.
So apparently, somebody who works for the town told the
local news that they set the fee high with the
understanding that the game machine distribution companies
would actually pay the fees.
But one of the proprietors said that only happens when
you actually serve alcohol in the establishment.
So what was the purpose of this tax or whatever it's
supposed to be?
Just to get money.
I guess.
Why not?
It's the most random thing ever.
Like, oh, and by the way.
Well, in this economy, you've got to balance the budget in
weird ways, right?
Yeah, but that seems really weird, though, the tax.
First off, arcade games.
I would think, I mean, let's just look at, for example,
like Rancho Cordova or something like that.
I can't imagine that there's over 100 arcade
games in this city.
I would be surprised if there are over 50 arcade games in
this city, let alone enough.
I don't know of many at all that would be
independently owned.
Maybe at that pool place I've never been to up the street.
They probably have some.
But see, that's the thing, though.
It's random and arbitrary.
Oh, yeah, and all of a sudden, let's just pull
this out of our ass.
There has to be something behind it.
Well, it sounds like other, because when the lady quoted
about places that sell alcohol in all this, too, she sounded
like this isn't unheard of.
Because it sounded like she had a point of reference.
So I guess this whole thing is not heard.
I'd never heard of this before.
But it seems weird, though, that you would be able to tax
something like that because you're still
paying taxes on it.
You're paying taxes on your revenue that you bring in.
So why tax it again?
There has to be something behind it.
There has to be maybe it was targeted at that place or
something, or the places like this where kids hang out.
Maybe they think they're going to become delinquent or
something if they spend their time doing that instead of
other stuff.
Tigerclaw says, if you read between the lines, this was
their way of getting rid of video games in these places so
kids go home and do their homework.
I don't know, Tigerclaw.
I kind of disagree.
I think some of these kids, if they don't have another place
to go, they're going to turn to graffiti and murder.
I'm just kidding.
But more of the latter.
But you know what I'm talking about?
Like, at least in these types of places, it's, you know.
Yeah, that's exactly what these
establishments are there for.
If parents aren't enforcing their kids to, like, do their
homework and stuff, they're going in at least playing
video games or something like that.
You know, they're not out on the street or anything.
So I just think that's kind of odd.
In other words, kids hanging out at this place is because
their parents aren't making them go home
and do their homework.
So if they're not here at this place hanging out, they'll be
somewhere else.
Yeah, they're not going to be going home.
They're not going to go home.
Oh, shucks.
No more Ms. Pac-Man for me.
I guess I'll go do homework.
Because that's what my brothers and I did, like our
parents didn't give a shit if we came home and did our
homework after school.
So we went to the arcade, you know, like, so we probably
would have become druggies and like murderous convicts were
it not for video games.
So I don't know.
That's just kind of wacky.
I don't know.
SSJ100 Matt says, so things are going to turn into Jet Set
Radio, basically.
Yeah, there you go.
It's all going to start.
We're all going to strap on roller blades and go around
and spray paint shit.
Yep.
So kind of sad.
I don't know.
Maybe we should try to email these people and
get them on the show.
These are the types of stories I want to dig into.
Are you going to be like, call Rob or whatever?
Not, you know, like the local show?
Like the local news and stuff?
Well, here's the thing.
All the other shows, you know, they're trying to get the one
up guys and all that on their show.
Because that's what everybody's, you know, I don't
care, I'm over all that stuff.
Let's get these little niche stories and get them on the
show and talk about why was your town out to screw you?
We want answers.
We demand to know.
Asking questions, getting answers.
Oh my God, Rob, you're going to make an impact.
All right, we'll see.
We'll see.
All right, let's move on.
Loki, do you have some other news for us?
Maybe happier news?
Maybe this is why they're getting rid of the arcades for
games like Mortal Kombat.
Yes, that's right.
The Mortal Kombat killer has gotten 36 years.
Lamar Roberts, the teenager convicted of beating to death a
seven-year-old, will be sentenced to 36 years.
Apparently, this happened in 2007.
I guess they beat up Zo Garcia, a seven-year-old who
was described, I guess, by prosecutors and law
enforcement in Greeley, Colorado.
They were beating her up as an reenactment of the fight
moves from Mortal Kombat.
And says Robert and his 17-year-old girlfriend were
supposedly supposed to be babysitting the child.
They uppercutted a baby.
And said that two kicked, hit, and slammed his half
sister to the floor.
OK, did they confuse their babality with the fatality?
I can't even joke.
This is terrible.
I know, that is awful.
I probably shouldn't have said that, but wow.
They must be stupid.
Only 36 years, just 36 years.
I mean, really?
Really?
Seriously?
Are prisons like that hard up for cash?
Yeah, that's pretty sad.
But here's something you can laugh at, because it's funny
and it's ridiculous.
And I don't think anyone got hurt.
But apparently, there is a new assailant to compete against
the Mortal Kombat killer for press, the Xbox Taco
assailant.
Yes, apparently law enforcement near Orlando, Florida.
This is one of the stories that I've read so far, so it's good.
They have in custody a 19-year-old who refused to
stop playing games to join his family for dinner and throw a
taco at his mother after she unplugged his Xbox.
Apparently, this was reported as a domestic disturbance.
And apparently, there is some name calling that says,
seems his mom went upstairs and demanded he stop playing
that Sega or Atari or whatever you call it and come down to be
a contributing member of the family.
And he was all, whatever, bitch, she said.
And he flung the taco.
Is this for real?
Yeah, he says they actually have a screen capture from the
news thing, and he's making a weird little face on it.
Yeah, WFL-TV is the news station covering it.
And she says she was going to let him sit in his jail cell
for a few days and teach him a lesson.
They need to show no mercy to this kid.
It's funny, it's all a few minutes.
You know what they should do as punishment is make him work
a Taco Bell and see what exactly it takes to get in to
make a taco, because I don't know anybody who's ever worked
a Taco Bell that would enjoy their job.
Here's the quote from Dina, his sponsor.
A few minutes later, Dina says she was in the kitchen
cleaning and cooking tacos for dinner when Zachary showed up.
That's when she says he slapped her arm and threw a
taco in her face.
He went ahead and hit me with the taco and I got taco all
over my shirt and the kitchen.
I've threatened to call the police before.
But anyway, this time I thought he went too far, so I
called the police and he's in jail now.
Leo Shen sums it up in chat, says that he should rot in
jail, he wasted a good taco.
That's taco side, no one commits taco side.
I can imagine Eric right now like, no.
All right, and finally, this is a little bit more recent.
There's a 17-year-old, Daniel Petrick of Ohio, he's been
found guilty of shooting both of his parents, which led to
the death of his mother, his dad, survived.
And apparently he has been found guilty.
This was because they took away Halo from him, Halo 3.
He's a 15-year-old, by the way.
And it says they took his copy of Halo 3 away, mature rated
title, after they had previously refused him from
playing the game.
And so he basically told them, I have a surprise for you,
close your eyes.
And he shot them both in the face.
Oh my god.
That's terrible.
With a taco.
No, I'm just kidding.
That's awful.
That is so bad.
I got, sorry, I have to say this.
I know this is like a horrible story.
I have to go back to the taco thing, because this is one we
could actually laugh at, right?
The other ones are terrible, right?
But comments from chat, D5T says, if I went to jail every
time I threw food at my mom.
And I'm thinking, my mom and I did get into a fight over
M&M's once, so that's what I'm sure of.
I remember, you didn't throw them though.
You broke them to death.
I didn't throw them, but it was a different story.
Um, Deakman says, I see nothing wrong with tacos
getting thrown at my face.
Like, if you open, it could be like a game.
If you open your mouth, try to catch them.
OK, but here is the huge, huge news.
Apparently, one of our listeners does not live that
far from the taco person.
Really?
And is going to try and get them on the show.
Oh, that'd be awesome.
Oh, be careful, dude.
We're going to have to bump the Tax Town people to get the
taco assailant on the show.
I must speak to the taco kid.
Keep your mouth open, dude, in case he throws any tacos.
Just be careful.
OK, and then here's the best part about
the halo murder thing.
Apparently, the judge, James Burge, told the courtroom,
it's my firm belief as a human being, and not just as a
jurist, that Daniel does suffer from a serious defect
of the mind.
And apparently, believes that games are somehow
involved, that he says, I firmly believe Daniel had no
idea at the time he hatched this plot that if he killed
his parents, they would be dead forever.
That he was so far into the Halo 3 world that he separated
himself from reality.
Would he be like that, calling from earlier?
So would they like respawn, like parents respawn?
He'd be like that, calling from earlier.
You know, it died and came back to life.
Mom?
Oh my god.
This is like there's a special place in hell where
this show is waiting.
I don't know who's stupider, that kid or that juror.
No, that's a judge.
I mean, wow.
OK, this part.
Yeah, that's pretty ridiculous.
I mean, I'm sure that kid's stupid, but I don't know if
he's that stupid.
No, I think he knew exactly what he was doing.
But now he figured out I got to go to jail forever.
I'm insane.
Please don't kill me in the face.
In the face.
I don't know.
I don't even know what to say.
This isn't even really a story about video
games at this point.
This kid obviously has like a ton of issues.
Can we just talk about the Taco Kid some more?
Yes, the Taco Kid's awesome.
But I just wanted to point out that here live in studio,
I'm now the snickerdoodle assailant.
Open your mouth.
Oh, you wasted my cookie.
Pick it up and eat it.
Spin on my boobie.
I'll eat your cookie.
I threw a snickerdoodle and it hit Irene in the boob.
It was deliciously painful.
All right, look, we're going to dedicate a certain segment
of our show we do here.
Love you.
We're going to dedicate a certain part of our show
here we do every week to these guys who
are ruining the image of video gamers
everywhere with their stupidity.
And it's a segment called the FUs of the Week.
Since we don't have Dark Sakura tonight to start us off we'll let Loki start us off with the FUs of the Week today.
Fucking Rockstar Games for making a really crappy port of Grand Theft Auto IV on the PC.
There's no reason whatsoever that the game should work for a while then all of a sudden just stop.
I didn't install anything.
I didn't change anything.
It just said I'm not working no more and just stop working.
Now I reinstall it.
I've uninstalled everything including secure ROM, all my video drivers,
every little bit of crap that would possibly affect this game.
I've uninstalled it, reinstalled it.
Nothing.
It just broke in.
Bullshit.
Why should I pay for an actual game and have it not work?
That's it.
Never do it again.
I know.
That's ridiculous.
I am never buying a PC game ever again.
Especially Rockstar Games.
Never again.
Don't do it.
My FU of the Week, if you're done, my FU of the Week goes to my tooth because it hurts.
And I have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
And I don't like going to the dentist.
I think I mentioned this on the show before because it's like going to a used car salesman.
Because then they're going to tell me, oh, you need to have this done.
Oh, and by the way, you need to get this done.
You need to replace this crown.
It's going to cost this much money.
And it's like, ugh.
I thought you had an awesome dentist, though.
No.
Do that crap.
No.
No.
OK.
You want to hear something funny?
What?
I'm a horrible, I'm horrible when it comes to oral hygiene.
Like, they tell me to floss.
I'm like, yeah, I'll floss.
And I totally forget.
But OK, so yeah, nobody flosses.
So anyways, they keep telling me, yeah, you got to floss because your gums are all, you know,
they're going to get fucked up and that kind of stuff.
So I haven't flossed for a year since I saw them last.
And they said that it looked better.
I'm like, have you been flossing?
I'm like, yeah, sure, I've been flossing all the time.
Oh, well, it looks like it's doing a good job.
So yes, they're full of shit.
That's basically it.
I've seen more unicorns than people flossing.
Like, nobody flosses.
SSJ100Matt wants to point out that his dad's a dentist, but he's an honest dentist.
Look, if I lived in New York City, I would happily go to your dad.
Like, I need a friend who's a dentist or who goes to the dentist.
I have a friend who's a dentist.
Really?
Yeah, he's starting his own practice.
I want to go see them because I want to go see somebody I trust.
Yeah.
You can go to a dental school.
Blah.
Blah.
At least they're honest.
That's what poor people do.
I'm just kidding.
At least we ain't paying for any shit.
Look, we've all been there, Victoria.
We've all been there, OK?
You're a young 21 still.
You're in that phase.
A young, beautiful, single 21-year-old gal.
With big titties.
Yes.
She's the one.
Quit trying to pimp me.
I want to say, there is somebody in chat right now with the nickname that
says, I love Victoria.
Aw, I hurt you too, whoever you are.
All right, so my F.U. of the week goes to my tooth.
Victoria, do you have any F.U.s of the week?
My F.U. of the week is to the person who didn't turn my keys in.
Whoever found my keys at work and didn't turn them
in since I've been locked out of my apartment for the past three fucking
days.
Not really.
That's the biggest F.U. of the week that I have.
And to my phone that's flashing an evil red color at me
because it needs to be charged.
Uh-oh.
That's it.
And Rice Princess, do you have any F.U.s?
Yeah, F.U. to you for hitting my titty.
You liked it.
You wasted a snickerdoodle.
You liked it a little bit.
I'll give it to John when he gets back.
I'll put it on a plate and say, we saved you a snickerdoodle.
Just brush off the little bit of dust and pee pee on it.
Oh my god, if he ever finds out it touched my boob, he'll die.
He'd be like, oh my god, I had a woman's breast in my mouth.
I'm going to put it back on the plate when no one's looking.
And then it's like a game of Russian snickerdoodle roulette.
Yeah, you see.
One of these was on Irene's booby.
Do you want to eat one and take a chance?
It's the one that's dead to you.
Or do you want to possibly inadvertently lick her boob?
Let's not talk about this.
Yeah, let's not.
All right.
Anyway, that's going to do it for the F.U.s of the week
on that note.
So let's get back into some gaming news.
And this is actually some big news that came out this week,
a patent that was revealed.
Now this is what I was kind of talking to Victoria
a little bit about before, is that she
was talking about how video games get too hard
and she gets too frustrated and throws a controller, right?
Here's what's interesting, is that apparently Miyamoto
has filed a patent.
And I don't know if it's him or like his company or whatever,
but basically Nintendo has filed the patent.
And it has been discovered for a computable readable storage
medium.
But what the medium is is basically kind of a hint system.
And the game that they kind of show pictures of
is a work in progress called Legend of O.O., which could
possibly be a Legend of Zelda game.
But here's the interesting thing.
This patent is very, very, very wordy, kind of goes on.
It talks about these different gameplay features
that include hint videos that are actually already there
inside the game that would unlock,
if you've been stuck on a puzzle for so long,
then a hint video will show up.
A mode called the digest, which will actually just show
the game's cinematics and gameplay sequences just
as a movie.
And you can take control at any point you want.
And then a scene menu, which lets
you choose exactly where you want to go into the story.
So it's kind of like this extreme hybrid
of mixing a video game with DVD features, almost.
Kind of interesting.
And then you just add on to this the fact
that Miyamoto has said before that he
wants to make more Zelda Wii titles more
accessible to a broad audience.
Could this actually be something that they
are going to implement in a future Zelda title?
Possibly.
Well, what do you think of that?
I mean, is that dumbing down the game too much?
Is that taking the game out of the video game?
I think it's kind of, for us, the hardcore gamers,
the gamers who've been playing games for all of our life,
we're probably not going to be big fans of that.
But yeah, it's going to bring new people into games.
So let me ask Victoria, even though she's
tapping away on the laptop, it's somebody else right now.
What if they had a game, like one of these games
you'd get really frustrated at.
But you could just say you throw the controller
because it's too hard.
What if suddenly the game said, hey, it
looks like you're stuck.
Let me show you a video of how to get past this part.
Would that make the game more appealing to you?
It would probably help.
But I'd probably get annoyed because I
wouldn't be able to be like, what the hell?
What's going on?
How do I get up there?
You know what I mean?
That's usually my problem with games
is I have to get up somewhere and, you know.
What if the game said, press this button
and I'll take you past this point?
Then I'll play.
Then I'd be like, all right, bring it, bitch.
What would draw you to that, though?
What would try to play the game if there's no challenge?
I'm sorry, I just read something funny about the thing.
I don't know, what was the question?
What would draw you, if you could just
hit the button and skip that part to get up the ledge
or get to where you need to go, fast forward or whatever.
What's the draw to the game to you?
Well then, I just think it'd make it easier
for me to play it, because I'm not very video game savvy,
as I've said already.
But I just think it would make it easier for me to play it.
I think me and the 4-year-olds who
can't play video games very well,
I'm assuming there are 4-year-olds out there who can't
play video games very well.
But yeah, I think that's the biggest appeal,
I could just say, oh, you too can play video games.
You don't have to be as awesome as Rob or Matt or Irene to play video games.
Which is funny because people assume because we host this show that we're actually good at video games,
but that's so not true.
I've seen you play video games.
You've seen me play Rock Band.
Oh yeah, you're pretty- he's pretty badass at Rock Band, guys.
But here's the thing, here's- here's- I don't know.
No, Loki, please, I'd like to hear your-
Here's my issue with it.
If the game is designed well in the beginning, you shouldn't have problems figuring out what you need to do,
because it gradually teaches you the skills in the game that you need to learn,
and teaches you how to solve different puzzles, and then says go do it.
And you should know how to do it if it's been done right.
Now, if you're gonna put this together- put together a game that's like poorly done,
then yeah, you're gonna need this stupid cheat system and stuff.
And I think it's a waste of time anyways, because it would be like showing somebody how-
Okay, here's a video of how you do this.
And they're like, huh?
Okay, hit this button, then go past it.
Great, okay, now I'm at another scene that's too hard.
Oh, I'm gonna hit this button, then go past it again.
Read a book!
Go read a book!
Yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna say.
It's like, God, I don't want to invest time to figure out what the story is.
Let me just read the end and figure out what happens.
Oh, and then it ruins it for me.
It'd be just like Animal Crossing.
Oh, I don't want to wait here and, you know, pay off Tom Nook's mortgage or whatever.
Let me just, you know, cheat and have lots of money.
Look, now I have no purpose to this game anymore.
Which is, by the way, what happened with Animal Crossing, but I had no purpose to begin with anyways, so.
Um.
It- I think it's a horrible idea, and I see what they're trying to do,
because they're still, you know, having this dilemma.
How do we sell games to people that only want to play Wii Sports, and now Wii Fit?
How do we sell games to them?
And they don't know.
And this is a problem, because they're never gonna figure this out, this console generation,
and they're gonna- I have a feeling they're gonna sell millions of systems,
but they're not gonna sell millions of games.
And that's a problem, because, you know, the only things they're selling right now
are the things that they're making hard to find.
Because, trust me, I'm sorry, Mario Kart's been out since last April.
It's- we're coming upon almost a year of it being out.
There's no fucking reason that should be a shortage right now.
It's a game and a goddamn steering wheel that's a piece of plastic.
Shit, they make plastic toys like crazy.
They're in supermarkets everywhere.
It's a piece of fucking plastic!
I mean, come on!
So there's no reason that this stuff is-
they're selling out of it because they can't make enough-
no, they're not making enough on purpose, so that there's not enough on the market.
So demand's always high, so people are always looking for it.
So Wii Fit's always popular, because people think,
oh my god, it's out there, but once they buy it, like I do,
you go, oh my god, I'm not using this thing.
Like Rob did.
Okay. I have an argument for it.
Okay.
Number one, we have not only strategy guides,
but we have a huge website dedicated to FAQs and walkthroughs and stuff like that.
So obviously, people are going to need help with games.
That's why those exist.
Number two, there are going to be parts of games.
Like not every part of every game is hard,
but there are going to be very hard parts.
I remember a part in Resident Evil 4 that I just could not get past,
and I wish I could have done that.
Just press a button and just gotten through that one small section of the game,
and then continued.
So, like, I personally probably would not use it to just skip through every part of the game,
but if I have a chance to get through a hard part of the game,
bring it on. I'd like it.
This has been done before, you know, not necessarily to the fact that there's stuff that you can,
you know, skip parts of the game, but Alone in the Dark, the game that came out,
unfortunately it was crap, but it came out in chapters, basically, in this game,
and you can start the game at any chapter and go from there.
So, say, oh, this is too hard, skip ahead,
and it will fill you in on what happened in the last chapter, and you just kind of go from there.
I don't, the problem is, though, is the only way you're going to get good at games
is from playing games and being challenged to think for yourself,
because if you're just sitting there going, oh, I don't get it,
and then the game solves the problem for you, you're not going to learn anything.
That is true.
And, you know, and that may turn away people from playing those games,
but you're not going to buy the game in the first place if you don't, aren't remotely interested in it.
It's like someone's spoiling the ending for, you know, a movie or something.
Like, I, you know, why is, you know, like, for example, like, The Sixth Sense or something like that,
you know, you know, why, why is it that, you know, his wife doesn't see him?
What's going on?
It's because he's dead!
You know, it's like, if someone, if someone spoiled that for you,
so that you figure out the puzzle there, it ruins it.
That's the thing.
Well, see, okay, gamers like us, regular gamers that have hand-eye coordination and all that stuff,
we're not going to want to skip over the story parts.
We're going to want to play the game as is.
But there are people who suck, just playing flat-out suck at video games.
They just can't make their character jump or whatever, you know, they can't put two and two together.
They're going to want to be kind of like a, you know how people are like spectators when it comes to video games?
They like to watch other people play a video game.
Yeah, that's going to be part of the appeal too.
They can feel like they're going through the video game themselves,
but have to skip over the hard things that they can't do.
One of the features of this game was actually watching basically the gameplay itself.
I have to say my piece, because I haven't said anything on this yet.
Do your piece.
And I haven't stated my opinion.
And you know I'm one of Nintendo's biggest critics as of like 2008 and everything.
Nintendo's kind of been pissing me off a lot lately.
That being said, I actually think this is a really good idea.
For Nintendo and its audience, I think this is a really good idea.
As long as they make a feature to turn it off and you hit the nail on the head.
Exactly what I was thinking.
This is for those people that like to watch other people play video games.
Because they're too intimidated, they don't want to really play them themselves.
Because of the fact that they feel like they suck at video games.
They can't get past these hard parts.
They want to just get past this stuff.
And I think a game like Zelda especially, that has such pretty awesome cinematics.
You know, these things that you get into.
The towns, you know, and the story behind these games.
I think it actually is going to work really well.
I kind of think about how many times that we've kind of hoped.
That there was a game like Final Fantasy X or something.
Where you could just like, I don't want to grind.
I don't want to do this dungeon.
I just want to run past all the monsters.
I want to get my, I'm going to equip the run boots on my character.
So I can just run really fast through the dungeon.
So I don't have to grind here.
Because I just want to get to the next part of the story.
Do you know how many games I've quit because I couldn't get past one certain part?
Fucking Alundra.
Oh my God, that game pissed me off.
I spent so long trying to do one puzzle.
I could just never get it, so I quit the game.
But here's the problem.
My thing though.
One other thing.
I think as we start to blur the line even more and more.
As games become more and more realistic between games and movies.
This actually kind of seems like a logical progression to me.
Is that these video games are slowly becoming Blu-ray movies in a way.
It's fascinating.
And again, for the hardcore gamers that can be a little off putting at first.
But I don't think this necessarily means that games that you and I enjoy are going to go away.
I think this is just something they're going to start in Nintendo.
And it's a very Nintendo thing to do.
It's not surprising at all.
Okay, sorry Matt.
My thing is, is that a fault of the fact that you can't finish something?
Is that a fault of the person or is that a fault of the game design?
I think it's a fault of the game design.
The fact that they made that many random battles.
You know, they tweaked it in future Final Fantasy games where there aren't that many random battles.
And they've gone back and fixed different things like that.
Because people complained about it and they listened to it.
But I don't think that necessarily, you know, it's a bad thing that there should be some difficulty in there.
Because it makes it worthwhile to figure it out.
Instead of just like, if you want to just go from story to story to story.
Seriously, go read a book. Go watch a movie.
Well, of course.
You know, but they're making it an option for you.
Like, yeah, you know, work at it.
If you really want a sense of accomplishment from beating this game, do it normal.
But for those people who don't want to, they're giving them the option to.
I just have a problem though with, you know, someone pushing a button, having the game play itself.
You know, beginning to end.
And just, what's the point?
Because here's what you can't do with a movie, Loki.
And there's going to be some people like this.
All they're going to do in a Zelda game is go around and talk to the villagers.
And then like fast forward through the action sequences and the dungeons of the game.
But they're going to feel like a part of the game.
And they feel that more emotional attachment.
More interactive.
Because it was more interactive and they just walked around and talked to villagers.
And that's all they ever did.
And they're going to be like, this is the greatest game I've ever played.
And you know what's also awesome about that?
The fact that they're going to be done with the game now and they have to buy something else.
Because that's what Nintendo wants to do.
That's their own choice.
That's their prerogative.
They can do that if they want to.
If they want to spend their money.
And you can go on to TheMovieSpoiler.net and look at the ending to all your movies without having to pay $100.
Alright, fine.
Or whatever it's called.
I'm going to say this here and now.
This game, whenever it does come out with this feature, I'm not buying it.
I'm sorry.
This feature right here ruined it for me.
And the fact that they're putting it in this game, I am not buying this game.
Even though it's optional?
Even if it's optional.
I don't give a shit.
I'm not buying it.
Because you know what?
If they want to design a game that's more appealing to the casual audience, they need to design that game for the casual audience.
It's just like the EA Sports games that they put out.
The really stupid, easy, you can play them with the remote.
They're really stripped down versions of the game because people can't figure out the complex controls.
Well I'm sorry.
You know what?
There have been plenty of kids, plenty of people that have figured out the Xbox controllers.
Figured out the Playstation 2 controllers.
I'd like to meet them.
Figured out how to use the Wii remote.
There's people that still don't know how to use the Wii remote.
Unless you come out with a game that's a fucking controller that's a big giant button that says,
Push me.
And even then they're not going to figure it out.
They're going to throw it on the floor and go, I don't know how to play this.
These people do not need to be playing games.
And I don't care if you want to introduce them in the games.
They think they need to be playing games but they do not need to be playing games.
And keep them away from my goddamn games.
Do you care to make a wager on how much this game will sell?
No, I am not making a wager.
Because it will be a Zelda game and some will be like, Oh my god, Zelda, go buy it.
Even if it's crap, it could be Zelda Cribbage or something.
And they'll be like, Oh my god, I got to buy this, it's Zelda.
Oh my god, Zelda and they have stuff in it.
The chat room is setting off the Loki rant alarm.
Goldanthro in chat says, Wii 2.0, push me.
Rice Princess.
Oh no, I was just going to say, the way I see it, I liken it to having an easy, normal, and hard mode in a game.
There's going to be like, dumb fuck mode.
Don't know how to do anything in the game, just going to watch it play itself.
Whatever, you know.
Just another mode.
I'm not surprised.
It's the Wii.
You know, great.
They're going to have this feature, but I bet you anything they're going to be able to turn it off.
And you know why?
Because that's a feature.
And Nintendo doesn't add features that people want.
Okay, we're getting back into that, Matt.
We don't need to have that argument on this show.
No, seriously.
They're not going to have it.
Ah, whatever.
I'm done.
There's a second half to this I want Loki to get into.
Yes, there's a second half.
Apparently, the game developers were asked to kind of comment on this.
And they have different things.
For example, Ben Matz from Ubisoft, he was saying, you know, he read through it quickly.
Not surely they fully understand what it is yet.
But it says it makes sense to them in a purely linear game, but as soon as they get to sort of like a sandbox game,
or an evenly or remotely open-ended game, the number of variables would seem to invalidate the potential of this system.
But I think he's talking about something that would actually play through the game for you or something like that.
But Ubisoft just put out a game that definitely had easy mode on.
You don't die in Prince of Persia, ever.
Yeah.
It's kind of interesting because Ubisoft kind of already started going this direction where, you know, you don't die.
The chick always saves you.
And in every battle, at least that I've played so far, it pretty much tells you how to fight it.
And you just press buttons and it does cool stuff.
But, like, it's not a bad game.
It's really not.
I have a lot of fun with the new Prince of Persia.
Can I read this in chat real quick?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, this is too good.
GS68 says, I guess talking about, you know, getting irritated at games,
My face turns beet red.
I throw my controller on the ground, start swearing.
Fucking game.
Long chains.
Swear to never play a shooting game again.
And then SakuraMax follows up and says,
And then you throw a taco at someone.
Todd Howard from Bethesda says that, you know, most people stop playing certain games because they get frustrated or confused by what the game wants them to do.
It becomes work and frustration as opposed to play time.
This idea clearly tries to alleviate that.
It's much like passing the controller to someone that knows the game really well so that you can move ahead or simply enjoy the story.
It's a classic challenge or entertain issue that designers will often deal with.
Yeah.
And then finally, let's see here.
Jonathan Blow from the creator of Braid says,
Based on just reading your posting, I don't know.
I mean, it's an okay idea for a developer to have a way to show you through various parts of the game, I guess.
To show you the side quests that you missed or whatever.
I'd like to see someone try that.
But as a general, what was it, paradigm for playing games, there are a lot of problems.
The defining characteristics of a game is that you play it.
And if in order for games to be accessible to a wide audience, we need to make sure that so that most people can skip over the playing part of it,
then what that really means is that our medium sucks.
And if you have to elude the basic property of your medium to make experiences in the medium desirable, then the medium itself is questionable at a very deep level.
Apparently our stream went down for the live listeners. The podcast listeners won't notice the thing because we've been recording the whole time.
But our stream went down in the middle of you reading that.
Like, I don't know what's going on tonight. There's some weird things with our internet stream.
But somebody in the chat room had to say, who threw a taco at the stream?
Sorry, that's never going to get old. I'm sorry to derail the other thing you're talking about.
The live listeners didn't even hear what you were just saying, which is unfortunate, but kind of some varied opinions from developers.
Yeah. I mean, definitely it's all over the place, but I think it's something that's only going to be used in Nintendo games anyway.
It's not something that they're requiring, I don't think.
I wonder if any of these developers are secretly already working on something for this new system. That's what I'm curious about.
I doubt it.
Do you think this is a Nintendo-only thing?
I think this is something they're going to push, and it's probably going to be in one game, and I don't think you'll see it ever again.
I really don't think... I mean, honestly, with this in here, the problem is that we're expecting this to be implemented in a Zelda game.
And really, are you going to be able to tell what kind of an impact this had on a Zelda game?
I mean, this is a title that's going to sell like crazy anyways.
I mean, I would think that they would want this something on, you know, something that doesn't sell very well.
Like, even Mario Galaxy didn't sell that well.
You know, maybe something like that is where we can see an actual impact on this, but with a Zelda, it's just going to sell like crazy and be like,
Oh, it worked! You know, I mean, it's just stupid.
I don't know. I don't think it's...
They're just going to sell tons of copies anyways, because people are dumb, and they'll buy whatever people tell them is good.
And Zelda is going to get tens out of ten, because there's fanboys out there that are reviewing that stuff.
And even though Twilight Princess, in my opinion, I don't think that's a ten out of ten game, or not even a nine out of ten game.
It was okay. It was the first Zelda game.
Actually, the GameCube one, or not the GameCube, the Nintendo 64 ones, I didn't care for too much either.
I just was not interested. It just didn't hold my interest, and that's sad, because I'm really interested in Zelda games.
Yeah, but they don't have an objective perspective on the game.
Yeah, I think that's it. Perfectly.
You know, there's going to be like, Grand Theft Auto. Oh, ten out of ten.
You know, Gears of War. Ten out of ten!
Yeah, they don't even have to work on a hit anymore. It's guaranteed.
I mean, that's what you do. You build up a franchise, and you get to the point where it's like, you know, you can do whatever, and people are still going to buy it.
I don't know.
It's huge.
I'm really curious to see what the listeners think of all this casual stuff.
I haven't seen a whole lot in chat, probably because the stream went down, but I will hopefully see some emails later on.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com, you know, for next week or something would be great.
We will get into tonight's mailbag. Well, how about right now?
Want to open up the mailbag?
Well, alright then.
Check out some emails from the listeners.
Sure!
Every week we invite you to send us emails at Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com, and usually DarkSakura opens up the mailbag and reads the emails.
However, she's not here tonight, so I am filling in.
And we actually have quite a few emails tonight, so I want to try and get through these as fast as I can.
Let's read this first email. It's from Chaz.
Hey, OLR gang. I'm a long-time listener of the show, but it's my first time writing in. I listen to you all every Monday at my desk while hard at work here in the frozen tundra known as Chicago.
I listen to a lot of the other video game podcasts out there, and OLR is by far the best. Well, thank you.
I don't really have much to say in the way of video games today, but consider this my love letter to the show.
How hard does OLR rock? Let me count the ways.
Number three, real gamers with real opinions. Nothing commercial here.
Thank you, that's one of the things we pride ourselves on.
Yeah, we're definitely not commercial based on the comments and crap that we've-
Brought to you by Nintendo.
By the way, have you checked out Game Tap this week? No, just kidding.
Number two, awesome segments. Classic Game of the Week and Fus of the Week rock my world. Well, thank you.
Number one, good friends with great chemistry. Loki with his blistering honesty, Jamie's hilarious interludes, and Rob's fun-loving and sincere take on gaming culture.
These are just a few of the reasons I am and will continue to be an OLR fanboy.
Also, on a personal note, I'd like to give a special shout out to Rob.
You think I'd pay this guy to write-
Yeah, you wrote this to yourself.
No, come over here and read it for sure.
I think it's so great and so important to have an openly gay gamer's voice being heard in the community.
As a gay man myself, you know as well as I do how severely underrepresented and occasionally maligned gay sexuality has been portrayed through the games we've played and how rampant homophobia continues to be in the online gaming sphere.
Thanks for letting listeners know your stand on these issues. It means a lot to me and also to those who are unable for whatever reason to speak up for themselves. Keep up the great work.
Ooh, is he single?
And not a minor?
Shush. Shush.
No, that was very nice.
You know, it's letters like those that make me feel good about doing this show for free for seven years, honestly.
Oh, tear, tear.
You know, when Wendy says it's right, it's tough. It's really tough sometimes because, you know, the nice thing is being gay is getting more and more accepted. We're getting there.
You know, even though Prop 8 in California didn't pass, it was just- I know, I know, Victoria, don't get me started.
It was a very slim margin compared to Prop 22 of several years ago. We're getting there.
You know, more and more, especially in the youth, no more gay people, what have you.
But it's funny because in the gay world, it's like, oh, you play video games? That's like a kid thing.
You know, why don't you listen to Madonna or do fashion shows? Like seriously, you know, like it's hard.
Like there was a long time where I didn't feel comfortable when I met guys for the first time, like telling them, yeah, I do an online radio show about video games on the weekends because it's like, whoa, nerd alert.
But now I don't give a shit.
I'm to that point where I've kind of seen there's enough out there that, you know, there's people out there that are going to like me for both elements, if that makes sense.
Anyhow, I don't want to get too into it.
We can relate to you, Rott.
How so?
Because girl and girl gamers. I mean, like, you know, a lot of them are kind of, I guess, not really tomboyish, but they kind of shun like female convention.
You know, they're not all of them are bottle blondes that get their nails done every day and wear a lot of makeup.
So it's kind of the same.
Interesting perspective.
Yeah, true.
True.
All right, let's get to another email.
And OK, this kind of ties into a story we reported on earlier, but obviously we weren't here last week.
Spazinator writes in.
Hey, everyone, I thought I'd email you folks about some news that I received the other day that you might want to share.
I have heard via both one up dot com green speak dot com and G4 that Ziff Davis has sold the one up network at sites along with EGM to UGO.
Not to be confused with Yu-Gi-Oh for some undisclosed sum.
Subsequently, UGO is fine.
Now I want to say Yu-Gi-Oh has fired approximately 30 one up employees, including some of the more well-known popularity and popular personalities.
Additionally, EGM has been officially killed off.
And although no one mentioned specifically, it looks like the audio and video podcasts have been axed as well, including one up FM, Retronauts and so on and so on.
On a personal note, I really feel bad for those that got the ax earlier this week are the ones I recognize.
I know they produce top notch material, whether it be for the sites, podcasts or the magazines, and inject their own personality into said material to keep it from going stale.
I hope for the best for them.
But given the particularly craptastic economy as of late, I'm afraid there's the potential they may leave the video games journalism biz.
If that's the case, the industry would suffer a great loss.
Additionally, it really sickens me that they killed off EGM, a long as hell running magazine.
Isn't it bad enough that OPM was killed in 06 and game for Windows earlier this year?
I mean, come on, websites are fine and dandy, but magazines still have a place though.
Case in point, which would you rather bring to the can, a mag or a laptop?
Or worse, yes, a desktop.
Wow, it's like this guy read my mind from earlier.
That's amazing.
Not only that, but for some people such as myself, we like the feel of holding a mag in our hands.
While you're in the bathroom, you talk about holding things in your hands.
And you know what, if you run out of toilet paper...
Shut up, shut up.
And sometimes you even like to achieve or collect if you prefer the mags, especially if the magazine is a particularly good publication.
Hell, I still have every single solitary issue of OPM, original PlayStation magazine, all 112 and every single issue of EGM since my OPM subscription rolled over to EGM.
I was wondering, what are your opinions on this?
I know that based on user generated comments on various sites, blogs, et cetera, that most people are uber pissed and vowed never to visit 1up.com again.
Additionally, what other podcast websites and mags would you recommend to fill the void?
Honestly, I want to avoid GameSpot because of their reputation and credibility has been severely tarnished early last year over that army of two firing debacle.
Thank you for the email.
Obviously, we talked about this a little bit earlier in the show.
But the point that he brought up that I thought was interesting was that last paragraph was based on everybody complaining, they vowing never to visit 1up.com and all this stuff again.
But here's the thing, EGM has really gone through a lot of changes since the beginning. Do a lot of people that worked there in the first couple of years work there now?
Very, very few. And I know that because most of the people working at 1up.com were in their early 30s or late 20s.
So they would have been like teenagers when the magazines first came out.
So these magazines have already changed the guards a few times.
So my question back to you guys is, yes, these guys integrated their personalities into the show and everything, which in turn probably ended up being bad for 1up.com because this would have never happened had they never had those podcasts.
Think about it. If they never had those podcasts, if they never built up that personality, it's kind of like a double edged sword.
It probably really helped sell their site. But at the same time, now they're having to deal with this.
What if you'd never really gotten to know those writers as well as you did? Would you have cared so much about this news?
Kind of interesting. Because I bet this kind of stuff has happened before. You didn't care because you didn't feel that connection to them from reading their Twitters, looking at their podcasts, so on and so on.
So kind of interesting.
As far as what to recommend to fill the void, I've said this before and I've said it again. There's hundreds of people out there, almost thousands, that do stuff like we do for free every week.
This kind of stuff. Because we love video games too, even though it doesn't sound like it sometimes because we get ranty and things like that.
It's just because we hate because we love. There's other independent podcasts that are great and awesome that you can tune out there and listen to.
There's tons of networks. If you don't know where to begin, look for some of the networks that have come together, such as AllGames.com.
There's what? Gamercast network, I think they're called. Especially if you like Xbox. They have a lot of Xbox centric shows over there. Look for some of the networks of shows.
Because that's kind of what OneUp was, was a network, except it was a little different because they were all still produced in house. Whereas I think in the case of AllGames, Gamercast, and whatever other networks you can think of.
What's the other one? Platform Nation I think is another one. Is Evil Avatar a network? I don't know off the top of my head.
I think the difference is that OneUp produced all those in house. Everybody produces their own little silo show and they come together on these networks.
There's lots of people that love games that would love to talk about them with you out there on the internets.
And obviously if you still feel connected to the OneUp guys, it sounds like they're doing their own show. So maybe it'll last for them. We'll see.
Alright. I said them right? I don't remember. I think so. Okay. By the way, just for the live listeners only, and I apologize I'm too lazy to edit this kind of stuff out of the podcast.
Apparently the stream is skipping now. It sounds like a CD that's skipping or something. That's not on our end guys. I don't know what's going on.
I have had cable issues. I did not get to go to a WoW raid on Thursday because of Comcast cable issues.
Yeah, they've been suckers.
God forbid you miss your story of the castle.
For real. For real. And by the way, it was the dragon battle, Malygos, that I missed. And I was the only one attuned for it, so the whole guild didn't get to go because I couldn't sign on because of Comcast.
So it was big drama. Big drama. But anyway, I don't know what's going on. I don't know if it's us. I don't know if it's the server. Something's up.
But the podcast will be up in its entirety along with last week's podcast this week on the stream. Promise?
More emails, except I just closed the mailbag. Whoops.
Way to go, Rod.
Sorry about that. Anything else you guys want to say on that last email? About other places to go?
I don't think you touched anything.
All right. GS68 emails us. Hey, OLR crew, it's GS68. So I've gotten to play my DJ Max Technica some more, thanks to me taking advantage of my winter break to go to Spiggle regularly. That's Sunnyvale Golf Land.
For those not familiar with Technica, the game goes like this. One half of the screen is filled with stationary notes and a line passes over them.
As the line does, you touch the notes to recreate parts of the music. Sometimes you get special notes, such as blue notes that you hold down, green and yellow notes that you drag along, and purple notes that you press repeatedly.
When the line reaches the end, it continues on the other half of the screen.
I feel that this game is the right step for the rhythm game genre. There's always two to three people waiting to play the game at Sunnyvale Golf Land, which shows that Technica just might keep arcades going somewhat longer.
I doubt it. I hate to be the pessimist, but one game ain't gonna happen. But I appreciate your enthusiasm.
The touch screen in the EBA meets luminous gameplay allows for more freedom of movement and play styles, as opposed to, say, BeatMania 2DX or DDR. I've seen players use one hand, both hands, one or two fingers, all of their fingers, and so on.
It does have some flaws, though. Scoring and grades are combo-based, and if I've learned anything from EBA and Ohndon, it's that combo-based scoring is retarded, as where you screw up has a big impact on your score.
Also, the life meter is fairly strict. Though it falls to just as much as, say, DDR or other DJMax games, it takes forever to recover your life gauge, which is a problem in technical mode, where you need to be above a certain amount of life to get to the next stage, not unlike 2DX or Pop'n Music's regular modes.
And of course, being a touch-to-the-notes game as opposed to hit notes as they pass a redline game, it's harder to sight-read a song. I've seen otherwise good players fail a song because of the offbeat notes.
Songs that are faster tend to be also harder than slow songs because the notes are more spaced out and you have less time to survey the notes.
I'm hoping something good comes out of having a card. I have one myself, and so far it's only apparent features or modifiers, which you use max points on, and Platinum Crew mode, which is some sort of online mode I'll discuss later when it's activated.
Also, our machine is looking to get an update in a few days. Hopefully we'll get some new songs about it.
Also a minor but nice touch, there's a headphone jack below the touchscreen if it's hard to hear the game. Using headphones can help. Take care, maybe I'll see some of you at Spiggle.
P.S. this email was brought to you by Beatrock3 from Pop'n Music, home of the never-ending Falling Books.
So there you go.
It sounds interesting. I want to try this touch game. It sounds interesting.
Go to Spiggle.
I actually am supposed to be in South Bay February 7th anyway, and I'm taking Victoria with me, so maybe I'll take Victoria to the arcade because we have Rocky in the South Bay on the 7th.
So maybe we can swing by and check out this game. Don't you want to go play video games, Victoria?
OMG, totally.
Alright, she just rolled her eyes. You don't want to play DDR, Victoria?
I'm an epic fail at DDR, my fat ass on the damn thing, I'm like on easy, I'm like oh girl, oh girl, I need a break.
You can play pinball or something that's less stressful.
Holla.
Alright.
Also Victoria's ass is not fat, it's just round.
I like big butts and I cannot lie. Actually I don't think Victoria's fat, but whatever.
No, she's not at all. She's beautiful and single.
Stop trying to pimp me, Irene.
I'm not at all.
Um, let me read another email here from R.J.
Because I don't see another signature here, so I'm just going to say R.J.
Hey OLR, I'm using my lovely eye touch to send this email, so be warned Jamie if the Grammar Nazi bar is high.
You lucked out, you read me tonight and I have terrible grammar so I don't judge the others.
I've just finished Infinite Undiscovery and Lost Odyssey and I'm planning on getting The Last Remnant next,
which I've heard is a slightly generic story but a robust and interesting battle system, so I'll tell you what I've experienced next time.
Now as Rob said countless times, the beginning in Infinite Undiscovery was annoying, but the ogre part lasts not even an hour,
and after that the game's gameplay and story will always leave you wanting to keep continuing with it,
even if the English voiceover for some of the characters are dreadful.
That's the opposite case of Lost Odyssey, which has some of the best English voiceover in years, especially Janssen.
The bad point for Lost Odyssey is the boring turn-based gameplay which brings nothing new at all to the table.
Nevertheless, both leave you satisfied at the end and don't suffer from rehashed plot points.
If you wish story is better, I'm sorry, which story is better, Lost Odyssey is and has superb presentation.
With Infinite Undiscovery gameplay, in my opinion, fun yet repetitive at parts. Don't hesitate on getting either.
So interesting because I gave up on Infinite Undiscovery because the beginning is terrible.
Really?
Oh, but I even got past that ogre part he's talking about.
No, maybe because I got into like the really dark forest and that part annoyed me too and whatever.
I'll go back to it someday.
Too bad you didn't have a button to just pass.
For real. For real. Thank you. Seriously? Seriously, I would have hit the button on that game.
For serious, yeah.
I would have. For real.
Yeah. For realsies.
And it's signed P.S. Rob. Queen was the better 70s band than ABBA.
I love Queen. Queen is amazing.
Queen is amazing. Queen Mercury was...
I know. Freddie Mercury is a god.
I would love to be his head. Oh my god.
Freddie Mercury was a god, really.
But, I'm sorry, ABBA's still number one. But Queen is like seriously two or three. Seriously.
Two or maybe three.
Maybe two or three. Because Bowie's kind of, you know.
Oh, from Labyrinth. He's awesome.
There you go. That's my thoughts on that.
And just a couple more here. Sorry, I know we have a lot of emails tonight, but that's alright.
We don't have a lot of...
This one's for Fart Princess, which we haven't called her that tonight, but Fart Princess.
No, since Rice or Fart Princess, which, by the way, can I say this about Fart Princess real quick?
I was on WoW last night.
Okay, do you have to bring this up?
Boo!
Thank you.
And for an hour, she was talking about farts and guilt chat.
It was not an hour. It was like five minutes.
It felt like an hour.
It was incidental, okay?
She talked to you. You were talking about farts for an hour.
And Vlad kept talking to me, okay? So, obviously, someone was interested in what I had to say.
Since Rice Princess is here tonight, this is from Amaze Satsuma, I'll go ahead and ask,
how did you all like the latest Battlestar Galactica episode?
Oh my god!
We all know the BSG talk is in, was going to happen sooner or later with her here,
so I thought I'd give it a helping hand.
No spoilers. I haven't watched it yet because I'm still on season three.
This doesn't spoil anything, but I am depressed beyond belief.
I want to elaborate more, but I can't because then I'll start getting into the spoilers.
But, oh man, I absolutely want to keep watching.
They know how to make people keep coming back and wanting more.
And this is just, yeah, but better.
I did hear, because it was inadvertently spoiled for me, that now the last Cylon has been revealed, right?
You here tell correct.
Was it shocking?
I thought it was stupid.
I hope that's not a spoiler, but I'm hoping that it wasn't an actual revelation of the final Cylon,
that it was just speculation on behalf of one of the characters in the show.
But, I don't know, I think it pretty much is confirmation that it is the last Cylon,
but if that is the last Cylon, I'll be upset.
Alright.
That's all I have to say.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's enough. We won't say any more.
Okay. No BSG.
Alright.
One other email from our old buddy DMN who wants to update you on the March Madness competition that's going on.
Remember, this is the controversial one last year where Super Metroid beat Chrono Trigger,
and I got hate mail for a year because of it?
Yeah, as deserved.
Here is your chance to write what has been wronged.
You can send your top 25 to Bresloll, I guess is his name.
But there's a specific email address you actually want to send those to.
I know it's a Gmail address.
Let me look it up real quick.
And this is the last week to do so, by the way.
There's like six days left.
uslmadness, all one word, at gmail.com.
You want to send those into Bresloll as fast as you can because you only have six days left.
Here's the rundown of the top 25 so far.
Keep in mind, this is only determining the seeds for the head-to-head competitions that will happen later on.
This is not the end right now.
Number 25, Paper Mario.
24, Earthbound.
23, Mega Man 2.
22, Super Mario Galaxy.
21, World of Warcraft.
20, Ace Attorney.
19, Street Fighter 3.
18, Tetris Attack and Puzzle League.
17, Super Mario World.
16, Legend of Zelda, the old school one.
15, Super Mario Bros. 1.
14, Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
13, Final Fantasy VII.
12, Super Mario RPG.
11, Street Fighter 2.
10, Tetris.
9, Pokemon.
8, Dance Dance Revolution.
7, Super Metroid.
At 7, excuse me, excuse me.
Number 6, Super Mario 3.
Number 5, Final Fantasy VI.
Number 4, The Ocarina of Time.
Number 3, Link to the Past.
Number 2, Chrono Trigger.
Yeah, that's right, bitch.
Like five places up.
And the current number one game of all time, according to the people who have emailed.
Big Rigs.
No.
Just kidding.
Rock Band is the number one game of all time.
If you consider that music game fans, you know, is our roots, I'm not surprised.
But, if you disagree, here's your chance to send in your list to make Super Metroid number one so it gets a little higher.
Why the fuck is Pokemon on there?
Alright.
I don't like Pokemon.
So there you go.
If you disagree, again, get those lists in, you have six days left.
That's it.
Okay, thanks Rob.
Because they're closing the polls.
So, are you going to send in a list?
Your top 25 of all time?
Probably not.
I already know my, I'm secure in my decision.
My top five games of all time.
Alright.
I don't need to, like, validate it.
Alright.
Just stuck up, bitch.
Alright.
That's going to do it for the emails.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com if you'd like to send your own email in for read, for
reading?
Red read?
I don't know, Rob.
To read on the air next week.
Speak English.
Thank God Jamie's not here.
I would have just got a fail award.
Yeah.
She would have thrown a taco at you.
Back to some gaming news, and then we're going to take some calls on the Skype line at 1877.
You mean Victoria's going to take a call?
1877 Game OLR.
In a little bit.
We still have some stories.
Loki.
This week on Xbox Live Arcade, we'll be getting the brand new game, The Maw.
The Maw is being put out by TwistedPixels.
It's an adventure platformer that places you in the role of Frank, an alien stranded on
a strange planet with The Maw, a strange blob-like creature that acts like his only friend and
ultimate weapon all at the same time.
Let's see, it will be available for 800 Microsoft points.
We'll be out on the 21st, and if I remember correctly, I think The Maw was a winner of
some award during PAX, but I can't remember what it was.
Oh well.
Was it one of those indie games that was featured in the center?
Yes, it was.
I remember hearing about that.
That's cool.
Very neat.
Awesome.
Fable 2, which I'm finally going to get a chance to play this week, because Loki helped
me get hooked up with a copy of Fable 2, so I'm going to check that out this week, and
I know this is a game that, like, Dark Soccer has been playing a lot.
I haven't seen her on Xbox Live a lot until this game came out, and apparently she's been
playing with, like, OLR people and stuff, so I'm going to get on there and finally get
to play some Fable 2.
You're not a big fan?
It's okay.
I actually have to go back and play because I want to finish it.
It's short.
I'm thinking about getting the download content, though, for it, then I can start Fallout 3.
Or maybe Lost Aussie.
I may have to go back to Lost Aussie.
Well, I think I'm going to check out Fable 2.
I might even play it tonight and force Victoria to watch some of it with me, but we'll see.
Victoria, I just caught Victoria's attention.
I'm going to play some Fable 2 tonight.
It's a video game.
She's going yippee.
You'll have my laptop.
You can chat with your hoes on AOL.
You'll be fine.
You can marry people of the same sex or, like, have multiple husbands and wives and babies.
Well, I've been watching Sauce, you know, or Tiara, whatever you want to call her.
She's been on this show a couple times.
I've been watching her tweets that have been updating us on the progress of her.
It sounds like she's having a lot of fun.
I think she has two husbands and a wife and a child named Optimus Prime.
So I want to check this out.
So anyhow, speaking of Fable 2, the download content, not whole island, finally came out.
Apparently, there's a weapon in it called Howl's Rifle.
The funny thing about it, it looks exactly like the assault rifle from Halo.
Get it?
Howl?
Halo?
59 damage per shot, 24 shots per clip, and has an empty augment slot.
So basically, they kind of made a little Halo lol joke in the download content.
Halo.
Halo.
Wow.
Nice.
Redtertainment says, Sky, why are you forcing Victoria to do things?
What is she, your girlfriend?
No, but kind of.
I mean, she's like one of my hags.
So, and she has to crash here all weekend.
So I've got, I've got two of my hags here tonight.
I'm very special.
It's the least I could do for letting, you know, him letting me stay here and not sleep
in my car.
It's the least that she can do as his hag.
We have hag duties, you know, that we have to do.
And this is some of it.
What did it say?
If the hag, if the hag don't like you, the fag.
If the hag hates you, the fag don't date you.
But that goes the other way around too.
Yep.
It does go there.
Like I have to approve of anyone Victoria or Irene dates.
This is true.
Yep.
I have to approve.
Of?
Of?
Well, don't ask that on the radio for God's sake.
If, if I didn't, I would have said something already.
And you, you Irene have been, you know, with your man a long time.
I've been with my man.
So if I disapproved, I would have said something a long time ago.
You would have bitch slapped the shit out of him.
I would have bitch slapped you.
All right.
Cause Irene makes no qualms if she dislikes somebody I'm dating.
Yes, we know.
Nellie was saying that she wants to get a second wife to do all the cleaning and cooking
because she doesn't do any of that.
You should.
All right.
Anyhow.
I'm sorry.
We got derailed talking.
If you become a gay man, that will be easy.
Cause you'll get a bunch of hags who will do that for you.
Why can't I have street hags?
Because there's no such thing as a straight hag.
Are you ridiculous?
I am going to pioneer this.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
Yes I can.
What else do you do with cake?
You should take applications.
I don't know how many people like tacos.
Loki, you have a radio show.
You should solicit applications for some straight hags.
Cause see street hags, that's actual real hags and no one likes real hags.
You should just put on the application four tooth minimum.
No fat chicks.
All right.
Anyways, SSJ100 Matt says Loki needs to find a girl who's into airsofts.
Wait a minute though.
We're not trying to set him up on a date.
He's very happily married.
Him and Nellie get along fabulously.
He just wants a maid that works for free.
I just want someone that'll cook.
Well I cook, so that's fine.
Mainly clean and maybe walk around naked if she's hot.
Yeah, why not?
Is that so much to ask?
Geez.
It's not asking much.
I'm not asking to have sex with me or something.
No, you want someone for Nellie to nag so that she gets it out of her system before you get home.
Oh thank god.
I was like, that would be awesome.
Speaking of the airsoft stuff.
Doesn't even have to be a woman.
I haven't been good when it comes to the airsoft stuff.
Sorry, OLR Studio Drama.
You know how we tape in the garage basically, very thin wall.
I think I can hear the neighbor yelling at a dog or something.
We can hear it all the way here in the garage.
Oh my god, I hope he's not throwing his...
I think somebody just threw a taco across the street at the dog.
Really? I'll be back.
Anyways, I'm hungry.
Back to game news here.
We talked about last week how there was a game that possibly will get removed off of the app store relatively soon if Nintendo caught wind of it.
And that was the Game & Watch game.
Well now there's another Nintendo game.
Duck Hunt is now available for $1.
Damn, I forgot to download the Game & Watch game.
Shit.
Oh no.
Well I don't know if it might still be up there.
I mean, you just better check.
And then Duck Hunt is available now for a dollar.
One dollar.
Yes, one dollar.
And it has everything in the game.
Ducks and no annoying dog.
You move the cursor around and shoot ducks.
All for a dollar.
All for a dollar.
What a bargain.
But the laughing dog isn't in it, so what the hell's the point?
You shoot ducks.
Well, you know, maybe they didn't like the dog.
So, you know.
Who cares?
Hence the reason he prefaced that statement with annoying.
Alright, sorry, I'm looking for the Game & Watch games right now to see if they're there.
I don't think they're there.
What was the name of it?
Um, crap.
I searched for Game & Watch and didn't find anything.
Here, just one second, I can find it for you.
It is... it's not called Game & Watch, it's called...
Alright, you look while I talk about the next story.
Here it is, it's GW Chef, GW Parachute, GW Fire.
Just look for GW.
GW, thank you.
Alright, I'll look at that after I read you this story because this is pretty exciting, okay?
I love the Commodore 64.
Didn't you love the Commodore 64?
Oh my gosh, some of it, yeah.
Do you remember, if I start talking this, you are standing in front of a White House.
There is a mailbox here.
Is that Zork?
It is Zork, exactly right.
You have been eaten by a grew.
Oh, I knew you were going to do that.
Okay, and obviously Zork actually had a couple of other games that came out later, like Zork Grand & Quizzer.
They were kind of cute, funny games.
Well, apparently Zork is coming back as an MMO.
What?
Legends of Zork.
Wiggity what?
Joel Online is resurrecting the Zork franchise.
It's a game called Legends of Zork.
It's a casual, browser-based MMO.
I don't think it's up just yet, but they actually were interviewed by Grandma Sutra recently,
and they have mentioned that the game is going to feature microtransactions.
You can play it on the computer or the iPhone.
So that's kind of cool.
Sweet.
There you go.
What are you so upset about?
My phone just died.
Victoria's phone died, big drama.
Maybe we could bring it back to life.
I'm wondering how fast it's going to be before people get eaten by a grew.
I want to push Irene in front of a grew.
I'm going to push you off the edge of something from Impossible Mission.
No.
I almost did that for the classic game tonight, but it was Loki's turn.
Oh my gosh, I love that game so much.
It was Loki's turn, and I actually found another Commodore 64 game I wanted to do first before Impossible Mission.
You need to get the sound bites from that game and use it sometimes in here.
Stay a while.
Stay forever.
Hold on a minute.
I love that game so much, but I couldn't ever play it because I was only like 10.
You know, I never realized what it was he was saying in the beginning of the game.
Another visitor.
Yeah.
Visitor.
Stay a while.
Stay forever.
Anyhow.
What does he say?
Get him my robots or something.
Shut up.
Let's go on to the story.
Two more stories before we open up the Skyblind.
Hurry. Go. Do it.
Loki.
Well, there's some other fun stuff.
We talked about Klonoa coming out on the Wii.
It's actually been out on the Wii already in Japan.
And, of course, will be coming out over here.
Pretty soon, actually.
It's been announced that sometime in 2009 it will be available.
Or possibly April.
Then it might move. Who knows?
April 4th.
No, not April 4th.
Why not?
It's a great day to release stuff.
April 4th.
And, you know, when these games come out, you can rent them at Game.
That's right. Game is not here in the US.
So if you're looking confused, like, what the hell is Game?
It's actually a big competitor for the GameStop EB behemoth over in Europe.
And it's also in Australia and parts of Asia.
They actually are only in the business of selling new and used games right now.
But soon they are going to rent games.
They partnered up with a group called Swap Game.
So they're going to be offering folks over in the UK the option of paying a monthly subscription fee
that will allow them to rent two games at a time.
Like a GameStop employee.
Yeah, interesting business model, though.
Do you think that's going to make them a lot of money?
Rental, it couldn't hurt.
I mean, I think it, well...
Why not? A lot of those sites are making money.
If they're going to do, like, a mail service where they're going to mail out the games or something.
I don't know. I was just thinking if I ever opened up a game store, I'd want to name it Store.
You know, because let's just get it as broad as possible.
Store.
Good luck getting any new releases, though, from a place like this.
You know, I always wondered, like, because movie rental stores always rent games.
But that never made sense that game stores never rented games.
Like, you would think that's where you would go to do something like that.
I have a few customers of mine that actually rent games and they sell games, too.
So, it's something that they do, but it doesn't make them a lot of money.
Yeah, but no game stores here in America right now rent out games, do they?
Maybe if you want to consider GameCrazy, which basically is in a Hollywood video.
Yeah, I don't know. I think of GameCrazy as not, like, an independent thing.
I think of them as, like, part of Hollywood video.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, that's a movie rental place.
And GameStop wouldn't do it because they would cut into their used game sales.
Because, you know, why bother paying $30 for, you know, a $40 game or something like that
when they can rent it for $7 and beat it in a week or so.
Well, they could still do the buybacks of the used games and then rent out those games as a buyback.
And besides, those games they consider new.
Remember, they just put a little sticker on them.
I want to say this.
Misty in chat says, it sounds more immediate than GameFly if it weren't a mail-based return system.
And that's true.
And some people don't like to do the mail thing.
I mean, Netflix is huge, but they're still Blockbuster.
Because sometimes, you know, just like even last night, Victoria was over.
I was here, bored, done with WoW.
Let's watch a movie.
But, you know, I didn't want to wait for Netflix.
We tried looking on the PlayStation.
There was nothing we wanted to pay to Dallas.
I was like, well, maybe we should just go to Blockbuster and look.
Exactly.
You know, sometimes you want that instant gratification that even the mail won't get you.
Yeah.
No, that's kind of like, I don't know.
That's why I prefer having the monthly thing at Blockbuster where you can go in the store and rent it
as opposed to their total access online or whatever.
No.
I'm surprised and I'm sure it will happen that they haven't done game rentals available over, you know,
like Xbox Live or something like that.
You download the game and you have it for seven days or something.
Probably just a matter of time.
If they could make money off renting the game, then selling the game, that would be amazing.
That would be, yeah.
Smart business would be.
Oh, there you go.
Next.
All right.
That's it for stories tonight.
We're going to get into some last-minute stories.
But first, we want to take your calls on the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you have the Skype program and want to talk to us that way.
Let's go to the phone and take some calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ronma.
What's up, everyone?
Hey, not much.
How you doing, Ronma?
I'm doing good.
Well, what is on your mind tonight?
So I got a couple of things I want to discuss.
All right.
Number one, the whole thing about EGM going down, I'm really sad by that because growing up,
that was one of three magazines I pretty much read like it was a religion to me.
I got a quick question for you, though.
When was the last time you bought EGM?
About a couple of months ago.
I still had a subscription.
Okay.
That's cool.
I'm just curious because I bet there's some people that are sad.
You know, I was sad to see EGM go, but I haven't bought it in like 10 years.
You know what I mean?
But I'm just kind of curious on what side of the fence you're on there.
So you were still a regular reader of it, so okay, you're sad to see it go.
Yeah, pretty much.
It was that, Die Hard, Game Fan, and Game Pro.
Those were the three magazines I read all throughout high school.
That was it for me.
Isn't Game Pro still around?
Yeah, that's still around, but Die Hard, Game Fan died after like two or three years.
I love that because at the time it was the only magazine available that had an in-depth review about in-port video games.
Hmm.
Weird, obscure fact about Game Pro.
I've got to say this.
This is what a nerd I am.
I don't know if you remember way back in the day.
If you read Game Pro for a long time, you'll remember this.
A long, long time ago, they had a contest to get like, I think it was 250 people,
or maybe it was 50 or 250 people that were going to be part of an exclusive club that would get to write reviews for games or something like that
for possible inclusion in the magazine or something.
This was a long time ago, so bear with me.
But this is what I remember.
I was in like the fourth grade or fifth grade or something, and I wrote in a letter.
I got picked as one of them.
Nice.
Wow, in fourth grade?
But they never did anything with it.
Boo.
I never got anything else other than the letter it said, you know, congratulations, you got selected, and then they never did anything with it.
So, this is funny.
Sorry, just a rant.
Whenever I think of Game Pro, I think of that.
Wow.
From when I was like, maybe it was a little late, like sixth grade, but I was young.
I know I was young.
Dork.
Well.
Yeah, kind of sad.
But, you know, some of those magazines are still around, but I sadly don't think this will be the last one to fold.
Well, I wouldn't be surprised if any more fold, because honestly, I mean, as many video gaming sites there are, it's getting to the point where it's like video gaming industry with news and stuff is getting very saturated.
It's like every other site, someone has a video game review site or blog or something like that, whereas me, I'm on opposite spectrum for what I cover.
It's kind of hard to get that kind of information.
Yeah.
What else did you want to talk about tonight?
You know, there was a couple of things I wanted to discuss, but I totally forgot, but I will do a brief review about The Last Remnant.
It's a game I just picked up yesterday.
Ah, yes, please do.
Basically, it plays like Final Fantasy XII, but when it comes to the battle sequences, it turns into a complete tactical style game, which I'm really enjoying a lot.
Really? What about the story? I've heard kind of mixed reviews on this game, so I'm kind of curious.
If I remember correctly, the story is about a brother and sister are going to meet up with their parents, but the sister is kidnapped, and he goes through his travels to find his sister,
and you're discovering what these last remnants are, or these relics for all types of different types of power that you can get.
Hmm.
And right now, I'm like four or five hours in, and just like a regular tactics game, if you're not fully prepared, you will get killed on the first quest.
Interesting. Huh. So is this something for like a hardcore tactical game fan only, or can anyone get into it, or what?
It's like this. If you're not really into tactics games, but there are some tactical games that are very simple, and you want something simple like that,
this would be a good game to pick up, but to be perfectly honest, I wouldn't pay the $59.99 retail price tag for it.
I got it on sale for $39. I would say, when you see it for $39, then pick it up then.
Gotcha.
Yeah, definitely.
Alright, well anything else you want to share with our listeners today?
Now remember one more thing, and I'll get out of here.
Yes.
Remember a long time ago, I sent in a letter, an email about which games I should get for my $360?
Um, yes, I think so.
Yeah, I actually picked up each of the games that you guys recommended for me.
Oh, really?
I finally got around to doing so.
Um, what did you think?
Okay, Blue Dragon, I'm still playing. I really enjoy that.
Loving Saints Row, and I'm loving Crackdown, and Marvel Ultimate Alliance is definitely a fun party game.
Hmm. Cool, cool.
Oh, you're good. I'm glad our reviews did some good.
Well, you guys are awesome. What can I tell you?
Oh, I do love you. It's almost like we pay you to say that.
Hmm. Just wait till you come out here again.
Uh huh. Alright, but hey, hopefully soon. It is one of my goals for 09 to get back to New York City.
It just probably won't happen until later in the year.
We'll be waiting.
Alright, have a good one.
Alright. Later. Bye.
Bye, Ranma.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land. It is Jason coming to you with one less tooth in his mouth.
Well, hey, Jay. I know we've both been having dental drama this week, except yours sounds a little more severe, so I'm really sorry to hear it.
Yeah, mine went a little bit crazy, but my mouth's been fine ever since Thursday.
That's what it's all about then, so isn't it the worst?
Alright, I don't want to think about my mouth because then it's just going to hurt more.
By the way, I don't know if you've seen, have you seen what Deep Man's done for the OLR Beta?
Yeah, he was giving it to me. He showed me the link just a couple minutes ago, and I was futzing around with it.
It's a lot more attractive pretty instantly, I've got to say.
I know, I know. He did a nice job, so I've got to get you kids to work together behind the scenes to help make it happen so we can launch the new website, because I'm all excited now.
Alright, anyhow, we've got to show it to Jamie, though. She's not here tonight to give it her okay, but she'll love it, too. I know she will.
Oh, yeah, there's not going to be...
How can you look at the current site and go, oh, the current site's better? You really can, and the new site's pretty awesome.
I can agree with that.
Do you know, can I say the one piece of feedback I ended up giving Deep Man on the site was actually, he used a little Pac-Man graphic in the logo, and I was too afraid it looked too similar to the logo for another independent game podcast.
But I'm like, out of all the things I could have said need to be changed about the website, I'm like, that is nothing. The website's awesome. It's awesome.
Space Invaders?
Huh?
Pac-Man?
No, he changed it, I think, to a Space Invader now.
Okay, yeah, like I said, just a couple minutes.
The Pac-Man is right next to this little radio looking thing, and it looks way too similar to another show's logo, so I was like, eh, we don't want to do that. We don't want to ruffle any feathers.
I suggested a Space Invader, and I guess he ran with it. I haven't seen the new logo yet. Anyway...
I just completely lost you. Don't tell me I just completely lost you.
Well, we'll open up... No, I'm here. Hello? Can you hear us? Are we having internet issues going on?
Yes, I blame you and nobody else.
I did not dump him. Anyway, Jason, if you can hear me, why don't you tell us what you really called in for tonight before I hijacked website talk.
You can hear me now, right? Yeah, there's my echo. Okay, two questions.
Yes.
How long did... This is a question from Ryan, but she's too shy to get on the microphone because she's like that. How long did EGM2 last?
EGM2, that's right. They had a spinoff magazine for a little while, didn't they? Like they were trying...
That's retarded.
No, I remember. Famitsu was a weekly magazine, so they felt, I think for a short time there, that there was going to be like...
Didn't EGM2 come out like in the middle of the month or something to like offset it?
I never... She had it. FYI, you went off the air again.
It was not very long. Maybe a year. Maybe a year. So, just ignore the complaints about the stream and chat, Jason.
We're going to just keep going with the show even if they can't hear us.
Well, I have it in the background and I noticed a very specific loop, so...
Oh, sorry about that.
So about a year.
I think. I don't know. I'm definitely not the source. Let's see. Oh, no. Here we go. EGM2 ran from July 1994 to July 1998.
So it was actually four years. Wow.
Four years. Nice.
I was way off.
She had a subscription to both and I've never heard of it, but she wanted to know, so I am making you people do... or me.
There you have it. I got that from Wikipedia and I believe everything I read on Wikipedia, so there you go.
That's just because I'm older than Jason.
Thank you. I'm glad she hopped on the mic to clarify. What was the second question?
I have never heard of this before and I just kind of bumped across it, so I figured I'd ask it tonight.
Silent Hill 2 Restless Dreams. It's apparently something on the PS2. What?
They released a little later on. I don't know if it was on the PS2, but there was two versions of Silent Hill 2.
The second version, Restless Dreams, has an additional scenario where... don't you play as Maria or something?
It's really short. It's not a lot. It's not like you're getting a whole second game.
It's just like another little quick scenario that just gives some additional insight to the story.
So it was like a little bonus disc add-on that they released slightly later.
You got it. Like a bonus chapter. I wouldn't even think of it as a full game. It's very short.
It's not even really a game. I don't even think you really do much. You do one thing and that's...
Restless Dreams, I believe, was originally for the Xbox expansion and then I think they re-released it on the PS2 with the Restless Dreams thing.
Interesting. I went through and I replayed all the Metal Gear Solids and then that led up to the time that we got the PS3 and I played Metal Gear Solid 4 all the way through.
And our next run-through series of Silent Hill and I'm, barring the dental madness, I've been playing through Silent Hill 1 and I think I might be finishing that off tonight.
And since obviously Silent Hill 2 was the next one in line and I came across that, I had never heard of it before.
You'll like Silent Hill 2 a lot.
She was wondering if we were just going to skip the first one and as much as I want to because the game plays like hell and it really looks really bad.
I don't know if it's the PS2 doing something back compat but it has some really weird effects on our TV.
We were both thinking of just skipping the first one but she doesn't remember much of it and I fell asleep through some of it.
I wasn't the one who played it in the first place so I kind of wanted to go through it the whole way and see it.
I'm admittedly using a walkthrough all the way through it.
So that hint system is actually viable to some situations, Loki.
Yeah, I'm cheating all the way through it but I'm getting the entire story in the manner it was supposed to be presented to me and I'm playing the game to some extent so that's kind of enough for me.
Nice.
And you want to play through 1 because it's not necessary but it's good to play through 1 when you play through 3 because it'll kind of give some insight into 3's story also.
I watched Silent Hill the movie, what do I need to play the game for?
Because it's completely different.
Because if you're like 3 you'll think it's crap unless you give some insight to the series.
Alright, I have to admit, if I'd never played the games I would have thought the movie was kind of random.
You know what I mean?
No, I understand that.
What the hell is this pyramid thing?
Really, the movie was made for the fans.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I really wish they were due to see more.
It wasn't very well made on that same line.
What are the better video game movies, amazingly enough?
For real, my favorite video game movie, I ain't even going to lie.
I kind of want to watch it right now.
I do too, I've been wanting to watch it for like 3's.
We should go get it on Blu-Ray and then watch it.
Is it on Netflix? Because then we could party watch it or something like that.
Do they have that built in yet?
I don't think they have that feature built in yet.
We'd call each other and try to press play at the same time and do it that way or something, I don't know.
That'd be fun, do it on Justin.tv or something.
Well that worked too.
Jason, we've got to let you go, take some more calls, but thank you for all you do for the website too. Between you and Deep Man, 2009 is going to be the best year ever for our website. I'm so excited.
Sure as hell hope so, it's been long enough.
I am so excited because I'm all jazzed to write again for the website and I know TR has been wanting to do reviews.
We're actually going to have a functional website and I'm so excited I could tinkle.
You're jazzed.
Alright, so we're going to let you go Jason.
Give me a month to move as we're closing on Tuesday and then I'll do my best to be really, really on top of it.
You got it buddy.
Alright, take care.
Sweet.
Bye.
Bye.
Alright, dang, we've got calls coming in back to back. I think this is going to be the last one though because we're running kind of long tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio, who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi GS68.
I was going to say, yeah, we're at three hours between the two parts so far, so we're going to wrap up after this call.
So, sorry to all the callers that didn't get through, but we ran kind of long tonight.
I blame Victoria, I don't know why, but it's just she's here and she's just, you know, she's magical.
She's here and single and beautiful.
Alright.
Yeah, you two are welcome.
What's on your mind GS68?
So, about the whole instance and how the game pretty much played for you.
Yes.
There's always something like that in arcade games. It's called unlimited continues.
Yeah, but you have to feed it a quarter every time you want to continue.
Well, but at home, if you have free play, you just keep pressing start and you eventually get to the end of the game.
I mean, no need to use any skill.
Like playing the Ninja Turtles game on the Xbox, you can just get all the continues you want?
Yeah, or unlocking free play in Ikaruga.
In fact, you can even just let the bosses time out.
That's true, but you know, I also think of the old, you know what you're talking about, kind of reminds me of, could anyone, and I got to ask Loki this, I've got to ask Loki this.
Could you actually beat Contra on the NES without up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA, start?
No, it's fucking hard.
But that's the point though, you have to be good at it to, it can be done.
It's just that, you know, you just need, I need to play it more.
I need to play more to, you know, be able to learn the patterns and that kind of stuff.
And that's the whole point, it shouldn't be just like, oh look at this, it was super, cause even when we did that, we still didn't beat it, you know, it was fucking hard.
I don't know, the continues system was kind of an antiquated method of, to have gamers, you know, feed quarters into the machine, that's the whole point.
You have to start all over again, unless you put it in a quarter, you know, and then just carry it over onto consoles, you know, that's what people were used to.
If you're supposed to, like, if you want to learn the game, but, I mean, when you're trying to beat the game, I mean, it's, when you're trying to beat the game, I mean, you think continues is kind of like a good point.
Uh oh.
I don't know if the internet's acting up again, but you're kind of cutting in a little bit, in and out, so go ahead and say what you want to say.
And then what else?
Yeah, I was going to bring up DJ Max Black Square, which I got this week.
Um, it's alright, I guess, I mean, the songs are pretty good, and they're pretty hard, but I hate the club tour mode, cause some of the missions are, like, really stupid hard.
And then one feature, and there's Twitter features that really piss me off, one, sometimes, the...
Andy just dropped, oh no, you there?
I'm gonna ask real quick, we're having these weird problems tonight, is this the American version that you're talking about, or is this the new one that came out in Korea?
It's Korea.
Oh, my bad, okay, I didn't know.
Yeah, uh, basically sometimes the music will cut out and re-continue, but it will lag really badly.
Or it'll lag, like, a few seconds.
Um, are there any, like, crazy-ass videos like there were in the earlier games?
Sure, the pissing me off is this autocorrect feature, basically, if you press the wrong node to play a node, you still get a vast 100% for it.
I mean, you get 80% of the score, but you still get 100% of the judgement.
Is it just me, or is the arcade DJ Max and the PSP one kind of, like, really different because of the whole touch element?
They're really different.
Um, well, obviously they're different.
I wonder why they don't do DJ Max on the DS.
They are, and this is the arcade one.
Aha! Aha!
Arcade one, like, sometimes...
Okay, we're having too many phone problems, so I'm gonna go ahead and wrap up the call.
Sorry, GS68, I don't know if it's your internet connection or our internet connection, but something's up.
Um, so, yeah, um, DJ Max, you know, it's one of the series I've been...
One of my friends is really into it and keeps begging me to check it out, so I probably will at some point.
At least when it comes out in America.
But I do want to try this arcade version that's at Sunnyvale Golf Land.
Hopefully it's not gone.
I guess GS68 was saying in chat earlier that it looks like it's probably gonna be gone by the time I get there.
So that would suck, because I guess it's in this weird beta test or whatever, so we'll see.
Anyhow, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us before we wrap up the show?
Yes, that's what I've been doing.
Um, some interesting ones.
Apple has actually rejected a game from Utesato.
You remember him from the Seaman series.
Well, he had a game coming out, I think it was like Seaman 2, on the iPhone.
It was Gabo.
It was a spiritual successor to Seaman, but with a caveman instead.
And unfortunately they said, due to unpleasant gameplay, they axed the game and they're not allowed to put it on the App Store.
I heard about that. That's so weird, because there's a lot of crap on the App Store, so I'm kind of surprised, actually.
And which is why apples suck.
You just had to work that in there, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
This isn't really a gaming story, but it has a game addict with it.
Apparently there's a game addict in Beijing who was 23 years old and was rushed to a hospital after swallowing five pieces of saw blades in order to attempt to commit suicide.
And apparently he had been talking incoherently about how to win his favorite computer games after being sent to a Beijing hospital ICU.
Yeah, that was another one of those cases where he was a gamer, and that's about the extent that it was related to video games. This guy had issues way beyond video games.
Well, I just want to talk about swallowing saw blades, and that was kind of neat. That's pretty extreme.
That is pretty extreme. I'll give you that.
House of the Dead Overkill is actually getting an official gun attachment for the Wii.
Only in Europe, though.
Apparently Amazon UK is taking pre-orders on it right now. It's supposed to ship on February 13th, and it will be priced for 12.99 euros.
Or pounds or something like that. I think it's euros.
And they're also going to have a big bang box set that's going to have both that and two of those guns, which they're calling the hand cannons, and they look like pretty sweet guns.
So that's kind of cool.
And this is pretty big news. Final Fantasy 13 is coming to Japan in 2009. Of course, we'll be making it out overseas and everywhere else April 2010.
So April 2010 is the earliest that we'll see Final Fantasy 13. However, I hope that we'll see it a lot sooner, because I will be importing the Blu-ray special edition for Advent Children.
I want that so bad, but if we have to wait until 2010, then we have to wait until 2010. I guess it's not surprising. It's just a little disappointing.
Especially because we do these things on the OLR forums, the annual predictions.
Rob with Two Bees does this thread every year, and he does a really good job tabulating and everything.
And everybody makes their predictions for the year, and we see how many of them come true.
I've already lost, like, on two of my predictions. I said there'd be a new Rock Band game this year.
There's not going to be, they've already said, because of the Beatles game, which makes sense. I should have been smarter and known that, that they don't need a new Rock Band game with the Beatles game.
And also, now this. I said that Final Fantasy 13 would finally come out this Christmas, and now it looks like it's going to be next year.
I might get half credit for the Japanese release date, though.
Yeah, and like I said, I'll try to import the Blu-ray for Advent Children, because it's going to have a demo on it.
Yeah, I totally want to check that out, too. I might even import it for that. We'll see.
Because the demo's supposed to be like two hours long, they said. Which is pretty crazy.
CS09! Microsoft has been, apparently was talking to somebody, that they were saying that they were looking to increase the 100 friend limit on Xbox Live.
Yes, thank God.
Apparently because it was in place for the original Xbox, it was coded into games, but now since they've moved past the Xbox, they can go ahead and raise it. So maybe in a future update, they will do that. Which would be awesome.
And let's see here. Also, there's going to be a special edition Final Fantasy VII Advent Children PS3 coming out in Japan. It's in cloud black, and it's got a nice little symbol there etched into the front of it.
It's one of the 160GB PS3s. It's got a Final Fantasy XIII trail version set, which is with the Final Fantasy XIII demo, I guess. And then Final Fantasy VII Advent Children complete Blu-ray disc set.
Which would be available for 49,980 yen, approximately $551 US. Very cool. And apparently, those people interested in purchasing Final Fantasy VII Advent Children complete, it does have an English language option.
So fuck yeah, I'm importing that shit. Awesome. And this is some funny stuff. Duke Nukem Critical Hour is coming along quite well, says 3D Realms. And you may not remember what these are, actually.
Critical Hour was the game that they're putting out on the PSP. It's a new game trilogy, I guess. And they're also having some on the DS as well. But all I have to say is finish Duke Nukem forever first! Stop going on to new things! Finish one, then you get to work on new games.
Hey, speaking of Final Fantasy XIII, not to backtrack, but I am. Did you see the new character that was announced this week? Yeah, he's pretty cool looking. Yeah, I know. A lot of people were giving it crap. He's Lando. He looks fine. He looks pretty cool. I love the cute little chocobo he has with him. That's going to be awesome. Anyway, sorry, I just wanted to back, because we didn't mention that during the show either, so I just wanted to throw that out there.
And then the last thing, EA is prepping a new game called Spore Hero, and of course it will be related to Spore. It's coming out on Wii and DS. Alright, awesome. We're going to go ahead and start to wrap up the show, then, and get everybody's final thought and get on out of here. Unfortunately, our stream is crashing left and right, and we're starting to lose listeners because of it, so I think that's a sign that we're probably running too long.
So we're going to go ahead and wrap up for tonight, but first we're going to go get around everybody's final thought, but I do want to say thank you very much for listening to Orange Lawn Radio this week. If you've enjoyed what you've heard, please tell two friends about our show. You know, it's how we spread the word about our show and get it out there, the little program that we do. So we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought. Victoria left the studio to go charge her phone.
I'm Victoria, and I'm young and I'm single, and I'm sexy. I want to thank her for being on the show tonight and giving her opinion and everything, especially in the first part of the show, although she started to tune out during the second half of the show. Shut up.
So thank you, Victoria. Rice Princess, thank you for being here tonight. Thanks. And you said quite a bit tonight, especially in regards to Nintendo, so thank you for your input as always. And do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight? I want to know when the website's going live.
The website, I don't know. Don't get too excited. It might not be until next month. I got to make sure Deep Man and Jason get it worked out, but we will try to get it up fast. I will do whatever I can to get it working.
All right. Loki, your final thought tonight? It's cold in here. I know, I haven't been running the heater. It's getting cold in here. Sorry. And my final thought is I need some Auragel. Boo hoo, cry.
All right. That's it. Thank you guys once again for staying with us all night long, especially you live listeners that have suffered through several outages tonight. Thank you guys as always for your support of Orange Lounge Radio. You know we would just not do this if it weren't for you guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Have an amazing week. We'll see you again next week with Jamie back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
