This week, Rera unloads a slew of old games for us to enjoy all over again, ranging from
arcade and PC-type classics to games from only one generation ago.
There's sure to be something for everyone in this episode, and it all starts right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 609 for this
August 9th of 2015. My name is Rob Roberts, you can find me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E,
and joining me here in Studio N7 with me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Sommers.
Word.
How you doing, Jamie?
My stomach hurts.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But it's full of avocado, which makes me happy.
Well, that avocado shouldn't be making you sick, I hope.
No, just life makes me sick.
So we're back at our normal time. Well, I'm sorry to hear that life is making you sick.
Are you allergic to the program?
Well, I'm allergic to air.
I know it doesn't make you sick. So we had the early show last week, so we're back at our normal time tonight.
Hi everybody. We do tape live, I always say this, we do tape live every Sunday night at the
Voice of Geeks Network, voggenetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
But we did an early show last week, in part so that our friends in Europe and in the different time zones
could partake in the show, which is always fun, we had some different callers last week,
but also so that you and I could get in the car and go straight out to San Francisco,
which there's no such thing as going straight to San Francisco with all the traffic.
We went curved to San Francisco.
I think a lot of you use this app on the phone called Waze, and I'll just shout it out,
I mean they're not paying me to, but it's a great app because it accounts for traffic.
But man, we took back roads the whole way to San Francisco, it was actually a really pretty drive.
We went down the river and all around.
So we went to San Francisco and you for the first time got to eat at the Brazilian meat place.
What did you think of the meat buffet?
It was amazing. Except it took me like five days to recover from the sugar I had.
That and being sick, because I actually did come back sick on Monday.
Oh no. Well, I definitely had a great time.
I think even for five days of sick it would have been worth it.
Less worth it though is our pal Victoria, who we were seeing off.
She has officially moved to Southern California.
But we appreciate everybody being flexible with the schedule last week.
We're back to being on time this week.
On time with us here in studio, of course, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Fine.
What are you watching here on YouTube? Call of Duty Black Ops 3 multiplayer.
Oh, this is Gamescom stuff.
Yeah, I was just checking out the video.
Yeah. Is this one of these fancy YouTube videos that runs in the 60 frames a second?
It is one of those fancy YouTube videos.
I was just trying to see, you know, because it looks very similar to Advanced Warfare,
and I just want to see how it looked differently.
And there's a wall running. I don't know. I'll check it out, I guess.
As if you weren't going to be buying this game anyway. Let's be real.
I don't know. See, I bought Advanced Warfare, I played through the campaign,
and then I bought the season pass and everything.
I was like, oh, yeah, all my friends will do it, and then I stopped playing it.
So I have the season pass, and I have all this content waiting for me to play it.
I just need to go play it.
All right. Get on it. Anyway, we have a really busy show tonight.
You know, with Gamescom having gone on this past week,
there's a lot of news coming out from overseas.
So we're going to get into that, of course, tonight.
But I want to get into our kickoff topic here tonight,
and I invite you guys to participate with this topic or anything on the show.
We do, of course, tape live on Sundays, and if you are listening live,
you can head on over to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
and have your say on what we're talking about here in studio.
Tonight's kickoff topic, you know, a big game was released this week,
but it wasn't really a new game. It was a game made up of old games.
Of course, I'm talking about Rare Replay, and I'll talk about my personal thoughts
and a little mini review of the game in a little bit when we get into
how is our gaming week.
But I wanted to talk a little bit about kind of the fixation on retro classics,
because, you know, certainly Rare Replay isn't the only retro collection,
you know, that's coming out soon.
I want to give a shout-out to my pals over at SacGamers Unite.
Of course, Gabe and Bree have been on this program before with the SacIGDA.
They were kind enough to have me on their show this past Wednesday,
and they do two guests on their show because it's a two-hour program,
and I was on the first hour.
And the second hour was a gentleman who was involved with the Mega Man update
that's happening, and I think they finally dated that for the end of...
Is it this month?
Is it this month?
It is this month.
Oh, it's coming real soon, so it's within weeks.
And I know there's a lot of people looking forward to that too, although I know...
I don't know. I'm not entirely looking forward to it,
because I'm going to all of a sudden go, man, I'm not as good as I used to be at this.
Well, and that's kind of what I want to get into.
And, you know, I'm not going to talk about a game that's not released.
I haven't got a chance to try.
I definitely am interested to check it out, because, yes,
I realize that GameCube collection is out there,
but I also realize that the GameCube is not going to look on my new high refresh rate.
Television is not going to look the same as PlayStation 4 or Xbox One,
you know, with this Mega Man update.
So I'm still curious to check it out on the online leaderboards and all that stuff too.
But I digress.
I kind of want to go into what you're talking about a little bit, Loki,
with the whole, sometimes these games aren't really as good as I remember them.
And some of the things I'm seeing on Twitter about Rare Replay is,
you know, I'm having fun with Banjo-Kazooie and RC Pro-Am,
but there's a lot of crap in this collection.
There's a lot of filler in this particular collection.
I don't know. For one, certainly I can see where, you know,
one person's trash is another's treasure.
I think there might be some people that are really into a game that maybe you didn't even know about.
For me, that's Cobra Triangle.
And I admit that game is hard as hell.
Oh, I used to play the hell out of it.
See, I have so many memories with that game that it just kind of gives me a warm fuzzy just to even go play it.
But here's my question.
Why do we have this fascination with retro things?
And do they hold up against our imagination sometimes?
Because it seems like, based on some of the vibe I'm seeing about Rare Replay, it doesn't.
What do you guys think in our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com?
Do retro games hold up, or is it just we want them to be as good as we remember them 20 years ago?
I think a lot of this collection, it's kind of an easy way for them to make money off of that stuff.
Some of the more well-done collections, I think, have been like those Dreamclass collections
or the Model 2 collections that they had from Sega.
You remember they had that, was it that big Sega collection?
The Sonic retro collection, stuff like that.
I was really well done, too.
So I'm down with those types of things.
Well, to be fair to Rare Replay, despite the oddity about it adding all these Xbox 360 games in your library,
which I'll talk about in a minute, it isn't just a menu with games and click the game.
They really took time to build a little shell around the games.
They have all these interesting kind of remixes of the songs that will play on the menus.
So there's some neat little tracks.
They make a little theme. They sing a little song about Rare games, which I thought was really cute in the beginning.
So they added a lot more than just front-end menu, play the game type of thing.
It's more than what Nintendo has with Virtual Console. Sorry for the shade, but it's true.
Virtual Console could be so awesome. They could just do so much with that.
Imagine, if you would, your virtual living room, and all your games are up on the shelf.
You could pull the boxes out, look at the box.
The Microsoft Game Room was kind of sold out.
Yeah, sort of like that. They could do so much with that, and they just have it.
They're just like, aaaand rum.
I mean, so it's like, I don't know. Just take the extra step, and people will appreciate that much more.
I was reading a tweet or something that called out an amazing fact about Rare Replay,
is that with the release of Rare Replay, there are now more Nintendo 64 games playable on the Xbox One than there are the Wii U.
And I kind of had to do a second take at that fact.
I kind of don't think it's counting that there are Nintendo 64 games on the Wii Virtual Console,
and you can kind of back-end into the Wii on the Wii U.
But still, it is kind of a jarring, like, wow, you would think they'd have a lot of these games available on the Wii U, and they're not.
How hard is it to bring that stuff over? I don't understand.
If it runs natively in the Wii U anyways, are you telling me that the Wii U can't emulate a Nintendo 64 game?
Because my fucking phone can emulate a Nintendo 64 game.
Like, I think the PSP could emulate a phone, you know, one of those games.
You can't tell me that the Wii U does not have the processing power, nor do they have the skills to create an emulator to run a Nintendo 64 game.
Dark Soccer, the queen of the classic game of the week.
I want to get your thoughts on this in a minute about how retro games hold up, but I want to go to some comments from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, some retro games do, others just don't.
I played GoldenEye again a while ago after hooking up my N64 back up, and yeah, yay, progress.
You know, speaking specifically of GoldenEye, it's interesting he mentions that one.
VomitEye.
Well, because the motions. You know what's funny?
Even when I was playing Banjo-Kazooie, I don't usually get motion sick, but I was definitely like, whoa, okay, some of those turns and things are way too fast.
Granted, these games were not designed with a 60-inch TV and high refresh rate in mind, but I mean, still, I was like, oh, crap, I gotta look away for a minute.
So, it's like...
Hold on, I just want to call out, the GoldenEye, some people are lamenting about the games that aren't there.
Like, you know, with the Rare Replay, everybody's quick to say, well, there's no GoldenEye, there's no Donkey Kong Country,
there's no anticipation.
There's no jumping in Perfect Dark.
But, I mean, I understand licensing makes that whole thing very, very tricky.
Anyway, Loki, what were you about to say?
I... oh, I was just asking, I didn't realize GoldenEye wasn't in there, I was gonna ask if they had online multiplayer with that.
Perfect Dark, I'm assuming they have online multiplayer since the Xbox Live Arcade version.
Exactly, what they did for some of those games is it's just the Xbox Live Arcade version.
So, when you're getting Perfect Dark, you're not getting the N64 version, you're getting the 360 version, which was basically the N64 version with better textures, things like that.
One other comment here in chat, then I'll go over to Jamie.
Raginator says, I like retro stuff, I have all the Sega stuff on Steam.
Hell, I called y'all two weeks ago complaining that Steam needed more retro stuff.
So, maybe what's out there just isn't enough.
Checking in with our queen of the retro classic game of the week here on OLR.
Darcyra, what do you think? Do retro games hold up, or are some of them better left in our memory and we probably shouldn't go back?
Yes.
To which part?
Both, depends on the game.
Some things that you think are fun when your brain is less developed that ends up not being so much fun once you have an adult brain.
Interesting facts you're delivering there is that your brain is not fully developed when you're a kid, and so maybe there's certain things that you are entertained by a little differently than you are when you're in your 30s.
I'm gonna go into a little bit of neuroscience.
Okay, not too much though.
No, just a little bit.
Don't bore the show.
Basically, your brain hasn't finished creating all of its neural pathways for men until oldest about between 24 and 27, and for women it's a little bit earlier than that.
That means that anything that gives you immediate reward is going to appeal more to a younger mind than it will for something that's gonna take longer to build up to.
So you can play a game that might have been one of those instant reward games, but it's not gonna have the same payoff for you as an adult who's looking for something that wants something more cumulative.
Yeah.
So at that respect, you've got it.
Then again, if you've got something that's gonna combine that immediate result, yay, I passed the level, I'm going on to the next, and build on that, then that's gonna be the type of things that's gonna have, I think, a little bit more staying power.
Do you think our bullshit tolerance was higher when we were kids?
And maybe part of that is the technology, but I feel like there's some games you go back and play and you go, this really wasn't very good.
What was I thinking?
And I'm not saying that with about Rare Replay, but just other retro things.
Raise your hand if you liked the Back to the Future game on the NES.
I, okay, I will raise my hand for this, and I defend this game to this day. I liked Friday the 13th on the NES.
That game was funny.
And I realize a lot of people hate that game.
Well, it's just like Goonies 2.
Goonies 2 was awesome too, but you're right, you go back and you play some of those games, it's a little rough now these days.
Yeah.
You know, look at things that we just instantly put as a classic, like, we have the Guardian Legend.
We're gonna use that one because that is the best game in the universe.
Why do we still like it to this day?
Because it's maintained staying a difficult game, yet you've got the progression through it as you keep going.
It's got great music. It's visually a good game, you know, for an early compile game.
You know, but it's got all of those factors that made it cool for us as kids.
You know, you'd get the instant payoff of finally beating that one boss, but when we go back to it and we can still do it,
or we still have the progressive difficulty, you know, we're not aware of that as kids, we're aware of it as adults.
Yeah, and you know, and certainly I'm definitely not saying that all retro games, none of them hold up,
because like, I still to this day go back, and who doesn't?
Like, there were so many different ways to play it.
Go back to like Mario 3 and be like, I'm gonna just play through all the stages on World 1 just in a sitting,
because I just remember this game and I love it.
Like, you know, and some games like that just are never gonna get old.
Or for me, you know, like the Guardian Legend, like you talk about Kid Icarus.
When I went to Penny Arcade Expo East and I was in the classic game room, I was waiting for Bobby or something.
I don't remember what I was doing, but I was like, you know what?
I'm gonna get a copy of Kid Icarus and play it on an old school Nintendo the way it was meant to be played.
And it was so fun and I still love that game to this day and it holds up amazingly well.
So does any version of Metroid.
Why do you think we still have the collection?
I mean, that's pretty much it.
Um, you know, or here's another one, like playing through Dracula X.
I mean, there's a reason why that game to this day is a hundred plus dollars.
You know, because it is a solid game and it's got everything that's going to appeal no matter what age you are,
or how you remember playing it, it's still gonna be fresh every time you pick it up.
Let me get to some more comments in our chat room over at Live.VogueNetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says, how many damn trash movies can you watch now as an adult,
only because you first saw it because you were 13 and you know damn well if it wasn't for that,
you couldn't stand it for longer than a few minutes.
I still love Xanadu.
That's a really good analogy, but I have to admit, some of them I love even more as an adult.
Like Clue of the Movie, that was my favorite movie when I was eight years old.
I shoot you not. I watched it every day.
Clue's not bad.
No, it's not. It's cheesy and I think a lot of people look at it and go that movie's so cheesy,
but like that movie just got even better as I got older.
And Pee Wee's Big Adventure, you get more of the jokes when you get older.
You realize how fucked up some of those movies were.
You know, actually it's the same thing for going back and watching Rocky and Bull Eagle.
Yes, or even like the Animaniacs or Tiny Toons, you know,
because when those, at least for you and me and a little bit Loki,
we were right at about that age where all the jokes started to make sense,
you know what I mean, when those shows were new.
Anyway, also comments in our chat room.
Akuma JP says, for me, I think it's imagination.
We had more of that when we were young.
And Dungeon Buster piggybacks on that saying, I agree, imagination filled in a lot of gaps
because the hardware was only capable of so much back then.
Why do you think all the artwork on the Atari 2600 was epic
and so unrepresentative of the final game?
Because when you're playing a game like combat,
they don't want you to see these crappy little boxes on a screen that are firing.
That was all about gameplay. It didn't matter that it looked stupid.
It was just cool. It's a tank game where you get to fight each other.
But you know they're tanks because on the box you see an epic,
and I think with combat it wasn't just tanks because people forget this,
but you had the game switch, which is a huge part of Atari,
and there was like an air battle mode because airplanes and other stuff too.
It wasn't just tanks.
The big plane versus the three planes, that was always fun.
And of course, Tiger Claw bringing up the opposite here in our chat room.
I'm sure you remember the artwork for Mega Man and then playing the actual game.
Mega Man didn't look like the cover art. Well, there's always exceptions.
Yes, and I would like to also remind everybody to fuck you Konami,
and also fuck you Capcom.
I had to add the Konami one in there, but fuck you Capcom for teasing us
to the fucking box art Mega Man versus Capcom 3.
And fuck you Konami just for the fuck of it.
Just while you're at it.
Just while I'm at it. I'm mad at you still.
Why is everybody in the games industry so angry, Loki?
So angry all the time.
Because of, what was it, sexual violence or what was that?
What?
Erotic violence, that's why we're angry.
Oh, oh god, you're talking about the, that was in last week's show, right?
The pachinko trailer that came up at the end of last week's show?
Yes.
Alright, anyway.
You just took it to an awkward place, talking about erotic violence.
Anyway, and Dark Tetsuya said, bad box art Mega Man was taken across Street Fighter.
Whatever. It doesn't matter. Still Capcom, still fuck them.
Alan Alchemy is talking about Street Fighter 2010, that horrible NES game.
I love that game! That's unfortunate.
Everybody's got that game. They're gonna stick up for it.
I still love that game.
You know what? Yeah, it was stupid. It was incredibly stupid.
But you know what? That was back in the day where you fucking go and rent your games and shit.
And that's, it looked cool, played it, you know, whatever. I played the hell out of that.
Alright. I think that's gonna do it for our kickoff topic this week. Lots of good discussion.
I think in a future week we need to get into, though, what game do you still defend to this day that everybody else hates?
I feel like we might have done it on a previous show. I mean, with 600 previous episodes, it's easy to duplicate things sometimes.
Should do it by, like, generation.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe that'll be a fun thing to get into one night.
Alright, anyhow, we'll do that another week. For now, let's get into our gaming week and talk about the types of games that we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was a lot of Dragon Age Inquisition because of the DLC coming out next week.
Which, I couldn't find the story to talk about that, so...
DLC coming out next week. It'll be awesome.
Now, Jamie, it's not time for the news yet.
You know what? I don't care.
Rule breaker!
I also played some Final Fantasy XIV, just so that my free company didn't think I was dead.
Playing a lot of Peach World, honestly enough, because it's been sort of my brain break game.
And I got Pillars of Eternity from my Mac. I haven't installed it yet, but I just got it the other day.
So I will be giving it a try.
Alright. Awesome. So good luck with the Dragon Age DLC this week. I'm curious to hear how that goes.
I really need to go back and beat Inquisition. That's still on my list of, like, to-do.
But, you know, MMOs, other games, they all fight for my attention.
Loki, what got your attention this week? How was your gaming week?
I played a bunch of weird stuff this week.
So I played a little bit of LEGO Marvel Super Heroes because my son's still playing that game.
He's, like, almost 180 hours in it now.
Wow.
Probably over 250 hours by the time the next game comes out.
Unfortunately.
You know what? Just on a random side note, when your son's our age, like, you know, we'll say mid-20s, Wink, our age.
When your son's mid-20s, I bet he'll say the best PlayStation 4 game was this LEGO game because it's the one that he'll have memories of playing with you.
Not to be cheesy, but I bet that'll totally be it.
Well, yeah, because, well, here's the thing, though.
It won't be frickin' No Man's Sky or Uncharted. It's gonna be LEGO because that's the one he remembers playing with you.
Well, here's the funny thing about that, too. It's, like, I've been pointing out, like, all the glitches in the game, and so now that he points out all the glitches in the game.
Oh, God! It's a mini Loki!
And so, like, he's all, he's all, Dad, look at this glitch! Look at this glitch!
And there'll be, like, people walking through the buildings or up in the air or something like that.
He found a way to clip under the map the other day on accident.
You got a speedrunner in training.
And so, um, so then I figured out a way to clip under the map, and so we've been just clipping under the map and just breaking the game.
I guess I'm bored. I don't want to play this game anymore.
Dad and son cheating together.
Like, I don't want to, like, we've been, like, wandering around the city for, like, hundreds of hours now, and I'm just like, okay, I need something else I can do in this game, because you don't want to play any of the levels, so.
Alright, I'm going to clip under the map now.
And so I clip under the map, and I finally got into the helicarrier, like, because all the internal stuff from, like, the helicarrier is just hidden under the map.
And so I clipped into it, and, um, so I was inside the helicarrier while he was outside.
Which is weird, because when someone goes into the helicarrier, both players have to go in there.
So why the fuck is that limitation in there, since, you know, obviously the game can run just fine with one person in there and not, I don't know, whatever.
So, we played a little bit of that.
Um, what else did I play this week?
I played, um, I played a little bit of Woah Dave, and, woah man, that game is terrible.
I deleted that. I do not like Woah Dave.
Well, you, okay, but do you like the retro style? Well, speaking of retro-
Yeah, I like retro style games, and I understand the point of it, but I just got bored with it really fast.
I liked it in a, I see this in an 80s pizza parlor type of way.
Like, it's not something I would sit there for an hour and hours, but-
Yeah, I get it, and I'm glad I didn't pay for it, because it was a free game, but I just, I removed it off my hard drive after.
I gave it a few tries, and I'm like, nope, sorry, I just don't want to play this anymore.
Um, Justin in our chat room says, get the fuck out of here with that Woah Dave hate. That game is excellent.
Ah, whatever, I mean, it's fine.
Thank you, at least somebody agrees with you.
I played a little bit more Roundabout. I was trying to show my, because I'm trying to get myself to play something else other than Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
I just play anything else. How about Minecraft? How about, how about Roundabout?
You know, and so I showed him Roundabout, and he just didn't like that. He thought it was stupid.
Um, so I played a little bit of Roundabout, um, and then I played a few games.
I was asked by one of our listeners to play through Dream, and I'm such a stupid chicken shit when it comes to these games.
Like, because I read the achievements on, it's a Nightmare 1, Nightmare 2, Nightmare 3, I'm like, oh shit, this is gonna be one of those games that's fucking jump scares or something like that.
So, like, the first part, you start off in a house, and you're, you're-
Wait a minute, do you get really scared of these games? Do you like-
No, I just, I don't play them, so, I just don't like those types of games.
Am I the wrong person to be broadcasting Five Nights at Freddy's? Should it have been Loki this whole time, doing these games?
You want me to buy you a copy?
I have, I don't, no, I don't need to buy, have you buy a copy. I have enough games in my library.
No, but seriously, um, so I ended up, cause, like, it was a glitchy game, so I heard, like, a door shut.
I'm like, oh shit, it's gonna be fucking jump scare time, cause now they're trying to tell me to turn off all the lights and go to bed.
I'm like, okay, there's gonna be some, like, ghost or something, like, waiting for it to jump out at me, and so I'm like, okay, off.
And then, so I was like, okay, fine. I promised I'd play it, so, I played through all that, and apparently there are no jump scares in that part.
But, the game, I guess you explore dreams or something, so, like, this, the first part of it, you're in this, like, desert, and you have to go through these caves,
and turn off the lights, and you do that by walking under the lights, and then when you turn off the lights, all of the lights, it traps a smoke monster or something in there.
And so, like, it's kind of weird because it's, like, it talks about, like, you know how they do dream interpretation stuff, what that's supposed to mean?
So, like, you find, like, a fragment and tells you, okay, a maze means this, and smoke means this.
So, yeah, that's the only, like, it's not even scary, it's just like, ooh, I heard, like, something chasing after me, you know, so there's this smoke monster thing I'm running from.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, I was going to say, it's very similar to, like, um, like, was it the, um, Ether One? Like, it's one of those first person exploration games, I guess.
So, it's like a puzzle game. I want to go back and play Ether One, but it's broken.
Um, there's an, okay, so Shane has already picked out the next scary game I need to play.
Okay.
And I forget the name in the moment, I'm hoping he's listening and he'll text it to me, or somebody in chat will just shout it out based on, uh, what my description of the game.
But it's, like, a multiplayer scary game. I know we talked about it on the show before, too, which makes the fact that I can't remember the name more frustrating.
But, like, some people are the ghosts, and then some people are the ones in the house trying to basically outlive the ghosts.
And I know it's something Shane's been playing with Flocko, he's like, we need to play this, we need to play this.
But since it's a multiplayer game, Loki, I think it's something we all need to play. I think Jamie needs to play, too.
They're saying that I should play Five Nights at Freddy's. I thought I had Five Nights at Freddy's. I swear I played that game.
I don't remember, because I played it and, like, I got, you know, one of the things jumped at me and I was like, alright.
Like, I don't know, it wasn't like I was scared by it or startled by it, it was just kind of like, eh, I don't really want to play this anymore.
It's just, you know, it's going to be too hard to get past these levels, you know, I don't know. I think, I'm pretty sure I have it, I gotta check my Steam library.
But, anyway, speaking of Steam library, another game I played was Bionic Commando.
And I had bought Bionic Commando when it first came out, because, you know, I'm a huge fan of Bionic Commando, and I even, I don't give a shit, even the 3D one, you know, I'm totally into that.
But I tried playing it on Steam, and man, that game is fucking terrible. And I'm not saying that it's a terrible game, as in, you know, the story's terrible, I'm sure the story's terrible, but I don't give a shit about that.
The controls are fucking terrible. Like, I'm literally standing two feet away from a soldier and I can't fucking hit him with my gun, because the goddamn controls are all just fucked up.
The sensitivity, I could never get it right on the controller, it just felt very delayed, I even dropped, my laptop's not that strong, but shit, it should be able to run fucking Bionic Commando.
That game's fucking old, so, I dropped down the resolution, down the 720, and it still was running very choppy and like shit, so, I don't know.
I may give it another try, I thought it ran pretty good on Xbox 360, and I know I've played it on that, but, I don't know, maybe I'll go back and play Rearmed or something.
So I played that, and then, what else, I don't think I worked on my game this week, I've been trying to figure out, trying to design logos and stuff, because I want to work on my website to go with all that, for like leaderboards and stuff, and I just want to get to look nice first before I get to it.
God, I thought I played another game, maybe that was it. Yeah, that was my gaming week.
Alright, fair enough. Let's see, let's get into my gaming week, and like I mentioned before, I played Rare Replay.
So I picked that game up, and I was checking that out on Xbox One, and reliving some of the old, all the way from the old Spectrum stuff, like I actually enjoy Jetpack, but then there's some other games in there that are really bad.
Like Gun Fright, I don't understand what the hell's going on in that game. And I know I can hit a button and read the manual on the side, but I kind of don't like that setup.
Like I really think some of these old games could have just benefited from like a splash screen that says, here's how the game plays.
And I really can't believe, especially with all the polish that they put on the game, they didn't put something that simple in there to help people who may not have known these games understand a little quicker how to play them.
It seems kind of self-explanatory, like it's just like...
Not that game. I don't understand why there's a one, I imagine there's one particular guy you're looking for, but I don't know who's good, I don't know who's bad. It's just a weird setup.
I mean, yeah, some of them are really easy to pick up, like Slalom, you know, the skiing game on NES, that doesn't really make the game good.
But I don't want to sound all negative on Rare Replay, because actually it's a really fantastic deal for $30, and there's enough really, really good stuff in there to justify the purchase.
I mean, games like RC Pro-Am are still great today, except for the excessive squeaking noise when you're making corners.
That still bugs me to this day, there's too much squeaking.
But RC Pro-Am 2, I think I only ever played that game like one time, so it was really cool to see that again.
And I even love the games like Cobra Triangle, even Snake Rattle and Roll, even though it can be infuriatingly difficult sometimes,
because if you can't control the snake just right, then you fall into the water and it's doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo, you know, just really silly stuff.
But I would have no idea what to do in Snake Rattle and Roll if I didn't remember some of the concepts from when I was a kid.
By the way, the goal, you're trying to get as many pieces for your snake so that you weigh down the bell at the end, which is what will open the door to the next level.
And so you want to eat anything that's circular, but not if it's going to turn into a bomb, or, you know, things that are not pieces of snake.
And you actually hit a button when you're over the little trapdoors, and some of them have pieces of snake in them.
So that's what that is. If you're wondering what the eff that game is all about, there you go. I gave you a little overview right there.
I like Alan's comment. Slalom is a bad name for that game. It should be called Skiing Butthole.
Well, the reason why he says that is I was playing the game and your character kind of bends over as he's like skiing down the hill.
So Alan walks in the room and kind of goes, that is a giant butthole on the screen right now.
And it's because of the slalom. You're just going down and skiing down the mountain. That game's kind of bad though.
But like, there's some games that Rare has done that I didn't get to experience the first time.
You know, I know we do this podcast, but you all know this isn't how we pay our bills.
We don't have time to play every single game that's ever been out.
And there was especially a few years in there during the Nintendo 64 era, you know, right at the end of N64 and beginning of PlayStation 2 and Dreamcast and all that.
They're like, I missed a lot of games. And one of those games I just never got around to playing before was Banjo-Kazooie.
And I know there's a lot of love for that game and especially with the spiritual successor coming out, right?
Yooka-Laylee, that whole thing, right?
So getting to go back and play Banjo-Kazooie was actually kind of rad because I had not played it before.
And yeah, even though the graphics are a little rough and so forth, it was actually a lot of fun kind of playing the game and exploring the first level and getting...
It's very Mario 64-esque if you, for whatever reason, have never played it.
But obviously with some different mechanics with the fact that you learn like new moves everywhere.
So you're putting all these moves together to get through different stages.
But yeah, getting to play that for the first time was pretty cool.
So for every stinker like Gun Fright, there's some gem in there probably that you haven't experienced before.
So I think for 30 bucks Rare Replay is worth it.
But I have one more, as much as I enjoy the game and I recommend it, I do have one more thing I gotta be picky about because I don't get it.
Okay? So when I put Rare Replay, the disc and the drive, my Xbox goes, I gotta download 5 gigabytes worth of updates.
What? 5 gigab... Well, what it's downloading is because it's putting all the 360 games, get their own little entry, thanks to the backwards compatibility thing, get their own little entry in your game library.
So the 360 games and the way it interfaces with Rare Replay is kind of clunky.
And I guess I understand why they did it because if you already had the game in the past and have achievements and stuff, they wanted to be able to just tap into the old library and so forth, but it's really clunky.
And you know, my Xbox 360 wasn't wired and it was taking forever to download things, so I had to go get the wire and plug it into my 360.
It was just kind of a hassle. So I don't... And now if I go into my game library, it's filled with all the Xbox 360 Rare Replay stuff.
And so I kind of wish... I don't know, I just wish they'd taken a different approach with that because that whole thing felt really clunky to me in what otherwise is a fairly slick interface.
So that's my other minor, minor complaint. Otherwise I thought the game was a lot of fun and worth it for $30.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, the only thing I disliked about Banjo-Kazooie was it kind of brought in the OMG play the game 20 times to collect all 254 pieces of 40 different tokens mechanic.
So, let's see. Tigerclaw wants to know, did the N64 ports fix the framerate issues? Seeing as I hadn't played that game on N64, I couldn't tell you.
But what I will tell you is that it's the 360 versions of most of those games. If Rare put it out on the 360, then you're getting that version.
So Banjo-Kazooie, 360 version. Perfect Dark, 360 version. So take that for what it's worth.
Other than that, I played a lot of the same stuff. I've still been playing a crap load of Final Fantasy XIV because, you know, MMO addiction.
What else did I play this week? I felt like there was something else new I wanted to play that I wanted to tell you guys about.
And now I'm forgetting into the moment what I was playing. So I guess that'll have to do. More Clicker Heroes.
Because I'm still addicted to that game. That's not really a game though. That's just kind of a pastime.
You can appreciate this, Loki. Last night, I went out and played Ingress for three hours with friends.
We went out on the town. I know you love my Ingress addiction, so...
I don't have a problem with it, honestly. In songs you don't have a problem with me cheating like crazy at fucking Clicker Heroes.
You do what you want.
The game plays itself. I mean, literally plays itself. Because I had an autoclicker on and I didn't want to have to do it.
I think a ton of people use an autoclicker.
And here's why. It's because I was already so far in the game before the Flash version stopped working.
And so I'm like, fuck it. I just want to finish all the achievements on this. I don't even fucking care.
I don't just want to play it anymore.
If you want to play a single player game like Clicker Heroes and cheat, that's fine. Do your thing. Nobody cares.
But as long as you don't cheat in a multiplayer game like Ingress, because everybody hates the people that cheat in Ingress. It's awful.
How do you cheat in that?
Wow.
But I'm hoping we can at least have a little get-together somewhere.
You know, maybe an official meet-up spot somewhere. So we'll work that out in the coming days.
The other thing I want to mention, I already gave my shout-out to SacGamersUnite, but I did want to just shout them out one more time for having me on their show this week. Thank you very much. Appreciate that.
I want to give a shout-out to Anime Jam Session, which is Tuesday nights here at the Voice Geeks Network.
They're going to be bringing us a special programming Saturday from noon Eastern to five Eastern, which will be 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Pacific.
They are going to be bringing us International Sailor Moon Day. Did you know that Sailor Moon has a day?
Everything has a day.
Sailor Moon has a day, and it's Saturday, and there's going to be little mini conventions all over the world.
I think yesterday was International Cat Day or something.
There was National Underwear Day this week as well on Twitter, so I think Twitter invents a lot of shit.
But International Sailor Moon Day I think is a little more legit. I think National Sailor Moon Day is up there with Talk Like a Pirate Day.
You're not going to see either one officially recognized on a Hallmark calendar.
It's up there with Steak and a Blowjob Day, right?
We'll have to ask Rama where that all lay.
But anyway, tune in on Saturday for Sailor Moon, and everybody will transform magically on cue.
And I think Rama's going to call on the show later to talk a little more about that, so we welcome that.
So, there you go.
That is, I think, all I have for Housekeeping Tonight. I'm probably forgetting something. I'll have to come back to it later.
But in the meantime, we need to get into some gaming news, because there is a lot going on.
So, Loki, let's get into it.
Hey! It's a game, a sequel for a game that we never asked for a sequel for.
But Halo Wars, the RTS Halo game, is getting a sequel.
And it is coming out on Windows 10.
I wonder, probably Xbox One as well. Yeah, Xbox One as well.
And, hooray! I don't know.
It's also being developed by Creative Assembly, and of course they did the Total War series.
Along with that, they were announcing at Gamescom something more towards your mainstream Halo fan.
The Halo World Championships.
They're going to be doing basically a competition, a multiplayer competition along with that.
Around the same time, they will be offering the brand new Halo 5 Guardians limited edition console.
That's one terabyte. It has a one terabyte hard drive, and it looks pretty nice.
I dig how that is painted with all the blue and silver and... yeah.
That did look like a really pretty machine. It almost made me sad I already bought an Xbox One, but not...
If only certain games were coming out this year and not being pushed to next year.
Crackdown, you say?
Yes, crackdown I say.
But, yeah. I'll just have to wait for that one, I guess.
Well, now, I know a lot of people out there were big fans of Halo Wars, but I wasn't really expecting that game to ever get a sequel.
So, it's kind of neat that I guess something is coming, after all, for that.
Well, it's also good to see that there's another RTS game, because there's not a whole lot of mainstream RTS games nowadays.
True.
So, I guess it's good in that sense.
I guess it's better than that Gears of War one that they were showing off at one time.
So, I don't know. And I guess with Halo 5, they're also kind of trying to...
They have that brand new game mode that's supposed to cater more towards the esports thing.
So, I think they're really trying to jump on that esports bandwagon to kind of get up there with the Call of Duty's and Dota's and all that stuff.
Makes sense. Bobby Blackwolf with a fun fact in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby says, the first Halo World Championships were broadcast on G4 before the TechTV acquisition and commentated on by Will Wheaton.
Because Will used to do the arena show on G4, right? For at least a short time.
I've been listening to lots of Will Wheaton lately, because I started listening to the audiobook version of Armada.
Which is not interesting so far, but I'm listening to him talk in my ear for several hours at a time.
Well, there you go. So, the Halo World Championship is not exactly new, but I guess, hey, why not?
The Nintendo World Championships, 25 years later, all the rage.
I bet they do that again at E3 next year, or at some other time.
So, why not? Why not? Microsoft wants their World Championships to get people excited about, too.
I want more Maker games.
You want more Mario Maker games?
I want Nintendo Maker. No, seriously, I want to be able to cross Zelda, Metroid, Mario...
You want NES Remix Maker?
Basically, yeah. I think that would be fucking amazing.
Can you imagine doing a Legend of Zelda game skin like Metroid or something?
You know, like top-down shit with all the fucking Metroid enemies and graphics and all that stuff?
You know Nintendo's afraid of all the sex games people are going to make, though.
You know Nintendo's afraid of, well, I don't know if I want to say afraid, but concern.
Nintendo's concerned about all the penises that will be drawn out of Mario and Lincoln.
Who cares? It's just...
Just let people get it out of their system and then done.
The more attention you pay to it, the more people are going to do it.
Haven't you had kids before? Don't you know if you want to, you know, get rid of a bad behavior?
You ignore it. And then unless they keep doing it, then you smack the shit out of them.
Or you put them in timeout. Whatever your choice of discipline is.
Alright. Before I get into my next story here, which is all side of gamescom, I remember the other thing I wanted to bring up in housekeeping.
So I'm going to say it now.
So, you know, here at OLR, we do this show for free.
And we don't ask for your money. I'm not asking for your money.
You know, we say just tell a friend or five about the show.
And spread the word. That's all we ask here at OLR.
But out of the goodness of their hearts, sometimes listeners will send us gifts.
And, you know, I don't just go giving out the shipping address to anybody.
I kind of have to know you a little bit, right?
But we still have some listeners that, you know, I've known for a while who are good enough to actually send us things once in a while.
Like, Dara Sagar, you got booze from a listener, right?
Yes. Although I can't have it unless I've been super, super, super vigilant with my healthy stuff.
Well, I have to tell you guys, we got a box this week.
What?
And speaking of stuff you probably can't have, Dara Sagar, I apologize in advance, but you're just going to have to deal with it.
We got a box this week from Akuma JP from Japan.
And I want to make sure you guys got this because there were some cool things for me.
And he was very cool and got me some amiibo, so I was very happy for that.
He's only helping your addiction there.
But I want to point out, Loki, he got that for you. There's a little Mario.
Nice.
From Japan.
That's cool.
And then this is for you, Dara Sagar, a little Kirby.
So I'm going to throw that over there.
Oh my God, he's so cute.
I'm assuming these are for you, Dara Sagar, because I can't read a lick of Japanese.
But there's some gaming magazines here, and Dara Sagar, I'm sure you will enjoy that.
And then as well as this poster here.
Maybe we'll hang that up in the studio.
But then remember, do you remember when Akuma sent us all the candy?
Yes, it was delicious.
And there was one in particular.
The green melty kisses.
He sent us nine boxes of the pear candy.
Oh my God, that's the best stuff.
Nine boxes. Look at that right there. Sorry, I know this is radio.
But nine boxes of the pear candy because we loved it so much.
And all I'm thinking in the back of my mind is Dark Sagar's on a diet.
But she's going to have to go on the fuck it diet for a few minutes.
You know what? I have totally been excellent and good. Let me read the label.
There it is.
It's so good.
Akuma JP in the chat is apologizing. I'm so sorry. No more amiibo.
What are you apologizing for? Don't apologize for anything.
Alright, they want a picture in chat of this.
So we'll get the magazine and some of this stuff all together.
We'll take a little picture. We'll put it on our Twitter account.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Doesn't it look like he just picked the whole damn thing up off the shelf?
I'm just taking a picture of the candy.
Just the candy.
Alright, so there it is.
So I wanted to make sure Akuma JP got a shout out.
And thank you so much.
Thank you so much. And again, our listeners don't have to do that.
And I think that's awesome that, you know, anybody would take the time out to do that.
Especially when it's from other places.
Because I can't walk into a store and get pear candy.
And in the US, I can't walk into a store and get pear candy.
You can have it over at the Corianna Plaza or whatever.
I've checked at the Corianna Plaza for this. They don't have this candy.
They do have green tea KitKats.
You know this is weekly Famitsu, right?
That is Famitsu. I figured it was Famitsu, yeah.
I was gonna say, I found the Melty Kiss that was so good.
But I've been asking Oto's to get the pear candy and they haven't gotten it.
Well, Akuma JP is actually clarifying in our chat right now.
You can't get the pear candy anymore. It's seasonal.
Holy crap.
This is like pumpkin spice right here.
So it's like the pumpkin spice trade. It's like the modern, you know.
This is the other seasonal thing then.
Because the buffalo sweat, the vanilla bean is seasonal as well.
That's what I need to send to Akuma JP.
I'm gonna send him just a box full of pumpkin spice stuff.
He'll probably be like, I hate pumpkin. What are you doing?
I'm gonna have to airdrop the pictures to myself and e-mail to you for the official Twitter.
Oh, you don't have the OLR Twitter?
Not on my phone.
Darsakra, give it the program. Alright.
Anyway, more stuff.
As I'm sitting here airdropping it to myself because, hello.
Alright, back to some gaming news.
Speaking of Japan and things that come out of Japan.
Obviously the Xbox One kind of starving for some content there.
Because I would bet one thing that Akuma JP couldn't send me from Japan.
Maybe something I could send Akuma JP that he probably doesn't have in Japan would be like anything that has an Xbox logo on it.
Or anything Xbox One really. Like an Xbox Magazine. It's probably unheard of over there.
So anyhow, Scalebound though, hoping to make a splash on the Xbox One.
They announced more about Scalebound at Gamescom.
Including the fact that the gameplay trailer shows four player co-op.
And that the game is not out until holiday 2016.
So if you were thinking it was this year, you gotta wait a little longer.
But the game still does look really cool.
And you got a good glimpse at the hero and they actually put out a trailer which you can check out on their YouTubes.
So there you go. Platinum Games of course releasing that in holiday 2016.
I'm interested in Scalebound.
Wait, DarkSakura is freaking out and she doesn't have a mic. So we can't hear her.
I just did the barcode scan and it actually is in my fitness palette.
And this stuff is called Choco London pear flavor.
Well it's delicious.
Yeah, and it actually doesn't have a little bit of sugar.
Oh, she's rationalizing people.
No, it really doesn't. It's only got like 3 grams per piece.
Alright. Can I talk about more Microsofts?
No pear candies.
Well they're both green.
Anyhow, for your Pear Box 1, I'm sure a lot of you are looking forward to Backwards Compatibility.
Well Backwards Compatibility is coming out for everyone in November.
That is what we've learned that Backwards Compatibility will be out for everybody in November.
We don't know any more details than that.
Although, there was a little bit of a movie thing that they were showing to tease it.
And you could see some more box art that's not already there.
You could distinctly see Alan Wake as one of the games that would be Backwards Compatible.
That's another great 360 game that I think a lot of people might have missed.
And on top of that, they were promising to think with that,
that upcoming Xbox Games of Gold games that are going to be offered for 360
were going to be Backwards Compatible as well.
So you can kind of build up your library that way.
But how long are they going to keep the Games of Gold thing for 360?
Because I would think there's not a lot of 360 games coming out.
But maybe that's it.
You've got lots of people that have a 360 that don't have an Xbox One.
So it would be kind of cool to enhance that Sony.
I mean that would be pretty nice.
I'd love to play all my PlayStation 3 games on my PlayStation 4.
Hey, we're waiting for the Sony response to this.
Come on, my PlayStation Portable could play PlayStation 1 games.
I think a PlayStation 4 can probably handle that.
Same argument goes with Nintendo, like as I mentioned earlier.
We're going to wait and see how that...
Don't tell me that your fucking processor that can handle so many particles and shit
can't render the advanced low-poly engines that were in PlayStation 1 titles.
Calm down, we'll see.
If they do another one of those PlayStation fan...
What did they call that thing they did in Vegas last year?
PlayStation Experience, was that it?
If they do another one of those this year, that would be a great time for them to just
whip out backwards compatibility on stage.
That would be cool. Or announce whatever the fuck they have coming for fourth quarter.
Because right now it's Zilch, so I don't know what they've got for fourth quarter this year.
Alright, third party.
The Call of Duty, that's why they bought the Call of Duty exclusive stuff.
I'm sorry.
You got DLC slightly early in Call of Duty.
We're getting on another tangent.
At least Microsoft has Halo.
And they fucking have, you know, Forza, so we know what they've got coming.
Dark Sakura, what's next?
Did you get the pictures? Because I sent them to you.
I did. I'll get them on Twitter later.
Okay.
Well, Steam is giving out full unconditional refunds for Journey of the Light.
It was a PC puzzler that was supposed to be one of the hardest puzzle games on Steam.
And yeah, it's really hard, because you know why?
Because eight of the puzzles don't exist.
No, seven of the puzzles don't exist.
So, yeah, people were trying to open the game, and yeah, there was only the one level, so there's nothing else.
So yeah, Steam just like, here's all your money back.
So yeah, the game has also been...
Yeah, there's actually another note on here that the guy who made the game is not sure why it happened that way,
but he said that that's not how it was when he released it, so whatever.
He said it was an error in a patch that he released.
Yeah, somehow that I copied over all the levels with the same level.
But here's the funny thing, apparently the first level is also unbeatable, so I don't know.
Interesting.
That's why they have the Steam refund policy, so...
Well, and I thought there was one interesting thing I caught when I was reading about this before the show,
is that, well, Steam will let you refund anything up to two hours, right?
But with this game, they're opening it up for, you can play it however long,
because, I guess one of the things was, the trading cards don't unlock until you've played it for two hours.
Yeah.
And I didn't realize that they could set that by the game.
I thought they all unlocked every 20 minutes or whatever, I thought that was a Steam standard rule.
So I didn't realize that you had to play the game for more than two hours to unlock the cards,
and then I was thinking about it, I was like, that's a really wicked way to work around the whole two hour return thing,
is that now you're gonna start not getting cards until you've played the game for two hours.
Who cares, they're fucking trading cards.
I know.
But you know some people are super into that.
Well cool, then you're dumb enough to buy a broken game and keep playing it for two hours until you get stupid trading cards for that game.
Woo.
Alright.
I hope that when you do finally end up crafting those cards into a badge, you get a giant wallpaper that says,
You purchased a broken game, you dumbass.
But hey, ha ha, you played it too long, so no refunds for you.
No tixie-baxies.
Loki, you're in a mood tonight, but why don't you go to the next story, Loki.
Alright, so Microsoft is offering a free DVR program, or DVR service, I guess, for over-the-air TV.
And apparently they're gonna allow you to record footage.
It can be played back on any Windows 10 device.
And of course that would include the Xbox One, Windows 10, and Windows phones.
They're saying that you can remotely schedule the programs via the One Guide.
And then I guess recording, it's done seamlessly.
What I'm curious though is, how the fuck do you get over-the-air TV into the Xbox One?
Because it doesn't have a cable jack in it.
So how's that work? Is it gonna be a separate adapter that's gonna be plugged into it?
Doesn't it have an import for HDMI or something?
Yeah, it has that HDMI input.
Could you do a TV output to the input? Just your TV?
I guess, but that would be kind of... I don't know if that would work.
I mean, and even still, they're only limiting it to over-the-air.
It can't be cable or anything.
And a lot of TVs, I'm not sure if they have HDMI out.
Justin is pointing out in our chatroom, you can buy an HDTV tuner accessory.
I wasn't aware that they even sold an accessory like that.
Okay, so that makes a little bit more sense.
So it's like the DVD player on the original Xbox.
That's kind of cool that they have that.
I kind of want to set something up like that on my TV,
because I had to put an antenna in the attic and I just...
I don't want to go in the attic.
Because that means crawling through the attic.
And there's like fiberglass up there, and spiders and shit,
and it's fucking hot, and I'm going to fall through the ceiling.
And it's totally what's going to happen.
There's a part of me that thinks this sounds super cool.
Obviously, I would be really into this if it could do the cable box.
Because, what? Comcast wants to charge an additional $10 a month
to literally push a button on the box.
It can already do DVR, but they only enable it if you pay the extra $10 a month.
Oh my god, I could just put the fucking antenna in my garage.
Duh! Stupid! Run the cable outside!
Loki's brainstorming in his head right now.
Makes sense.
So there's a part of me that... I mean, you still can get a lot on over-the-air channels.
I mean, not everything, but I could watch the new Heroes.
I'm wondering, where's that service that was for $15 where you get cable channels and shit?
I'm down with that.
Are you talking about Arrow? Didn't they get sued out of existence?
No, no, no. Not Arrow. There was another thing that you got, like a beta test.
Was it Sling or something like that?
Where they were going to have it on the Xbox One, actually, where you can actually get...
It wasn't Arrow, because Arrow was all local stations.
This was basically TBS, TNT, Comedy Central, MTV, Food Network stuff for like $15 a month.
Or it starts at $15 a month, I think.
Because I'd be down for those channels for $15.
Well, also, maybe Microsoft may be getting into their own cable thing,
kind of like we've seen Sony starting to get into in some cities as well.
So maybe that's why... I don't know.
Maybe there's a reason Microsoft really doesn't want to piss off the cable companies.
I mean, maybe that's just a battle they decide isn't worth fighting.
I don't know. At least it's free, like over-the-air TV always has been.
So it's interesting enough, but I think you're right.
It's only going to be in certain circumstances, if I'm willing to run a wire a certain way or what have you,
that I'm really going to benefit from it.
I've got an over-the-air tuner for my Boxee Box, which I think is fucking old as shit.
But maybe it's universal. I mean, it's by Hopage, so...
I don't know.
There's a lot of channels I can get just through my TV without really an extra accessory.
You know, I bet if I bought a cheap little HD antenna, I'd get a lot more.
At least the local, like 310 and 1340 and all the local ones.
We used to get the fucking... what was it? The over-the... I forgot to call those now.
It was the over-the-air stations through your cable line.
Normally, if you have cable TV and you can do that...
I forget the term for it, but basically you would just plug into that and you would get those without having to have an antenna.
And then they caught wise and went,
Wait a second, you know, you weren't buying our cable package. Shut off!
So they don't have that anymore.
Alright, well, moving on to some very different news.
You know, Microsoft was not the only ones at Gamescom that were announcing some big updates and changes and what have you.
Activision Blizzard, namely the Blizzard part of that equation,
was also making some announcements at Gamescom.
One of them including that Starcraft 2 Legacy of the Void, it will release within 2015.
We've been waiting a long time for this final part of the Starcraft 2 trilogy.
Because, you know, Starcraft 2 started a while ago and, you know, we're finally getting to that last part.
Then what the fuck are they going to have at Blizzcon?
That's a very good question. I'll get to that in a minute.
They're saying the final third of the story will be released within 2015.
It is currently in closed beta, which you can get if you've pre-ordered the game.
This is the version of the game that's going to focus on the protoss.
There are, of course, some new modes for casual and competitive play.
So, maybe they're going to announce a release date at Blizzcon because they could do that.
Or, oh, it's going to be their mob-
Don't they have, like, another game coming or something like that?
Like some, like, Team Fortress 2 type thing?
Yeah, Overwatch.
But anyway, one other game that will certainly be playable at Blizzcon, I'm sure,
is the newest World of Warcraft expansion. Legion was announced at Gamescom.
So, World of Warcraft Legion is the next expansion pack for World of Warcraft.
No idea when it's coming out, but I imagine that's something they will give more details on at Blizzcon.
Coming in the game for Legion is a new class.
Demon Hunter is a new hero class that will be playable within the game.
So, you can check out Demon Hunter in the game.
I guess it's tank and DPS. No healer. No healieros or anything.
Artifact weapons will be a new feature in the game.
You get artifact power and you unlock ability and traits and customize the weapon to do what you need it to do.
The Broken Isles will be the new zone where you can now level to 110.
You can level your character to 110 out in the Broken Isles.
There will be a new order hall where NPC members of your class carry out missions at your command.
I don't know if that's part of the garrison or what that's all about.
And a brand new PvP honor system. This sounds very interesting.
They're really going to change PvP with this whole new way you rank up and you can get the points
and spend them on accessories and things for PvP and show-offy things.
So, all that sounds very interesting.
I have to admit, as a former World of Warcraft player who I kind of quit during Pandaria
and now I pretty much play Final Fantasy XIV exclusively.
I tried to go back to World of Warcraft during Warlord's Draenor, but I don't know.
I just wasn't feeling it the same way I used to.
And I've got to admit, when I'm watching the trailer, I'm not getting really excited about it.
So, I don't know. I guess my time with WoW is all done. I don't know.
Dear Blizzard, no incur.
Well, no. There's a lot of people that still care, but that number is certainly less than it used to be.
You know, I was talking with Twitter earlier this week about where the sub numbers,
because, you know, they had taken a dive not that long ago,
but when Warlord's Draenor came out, the sub numbers skyrocketed to, what, like 10 million?
So, will that happen again with Legion?
I don't think it's going to get that high, but there certainly will be a spike.
But I kind of think World of Warcraft has peaked.
Like, I think we've seen the peak of World of Warcraft.
And that's okay. Blizzard has other ways.
I mean, a lot of people that left World of Warcraft went to go play Heroes of the Storm.
Still a Blizzard game.
Probably going to check out Overwatch.
Still a Blizzard game.
Diablo 3.
Starcraft.
Hearthstone.
A lot of people playing Hearthstone.
You know, these are all still Blizzard games, so they're still making money off you one way or another.
So, I don't think Blizzard has anything to worry about.
As far as what are they going to announce at BlizzCon this year,
I kind of suspect it'll be a Diablo 3 expansion pack,
because the game's done well on console.
It's one of their few games that's console and PC.
So, I sort of think they'll squeeze out a little more Diablo 3.
That's what I would expect to hear about at BlizzCon.
By the way, if you're interested in going to BlizzCon,
and you have the money for a ticket, and you want to go,
hit me up, A-S-A-P, on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash Sky, S-K-I-E.
And you want to get a hold of me before the 14th is the last day for name changes.
The reason why, due to a personal conflict that has come up,
I can no longer go to BlizzCon.
I was going to go, and this has nothing to do with the fact that Horde House has been on hiatus.
In a couple weeks, I'll tell you guys what's going on.
But there's a personal thing that's happening that now I can no longer do BlizzCon.
So, I do want to sell those tickets at face value.
I'm not going to scalp you. No shenanigans.
I think it was 406 for two tickets.
So, just 200. 200 pop.
I am looking for somebody to buy both, but if I get desperate,
we get to like the day before, I will look at breaking them up.
Or if I can find two individual buyers, then fine, I'll break them up. I don't care.
So, just a heads up.
If you're interested in going to BlizzCon and checking that out,
swag bags all yours, let me know on Twitter,
because I'm trying to unload those tickets.
So, there you go.
Blizzard updates out of Gamescom.
We are going to get to release dates soon,
but Dark Soccer has got a quick note for us before we do.
That I do.
This is kind of a switch up in something EA's been doing.
They're basically going to start releasing their games in the UK a day earlier.
So, instead of doing it Friday in the UK, they're going to do it Thursday in the UK.
So, pretty much, it's going to be, from what I can tell,
the equivalent of simultaneous releasing,
because, I mean, the day before there is, yeah, it's kind of weird.
So, yeah, but basically, they want to make sure that everyone in Europe
gets their games at the same time as everyone everywhere else.
So, yay.
All right.
I wonder if this will be a trend that moves on to other companies.
Maybe EA starts this and then a whole lot of other companies start releasing their games earlier.
Yeah.
We'll see.
Timey-wimey stuff.
All right.
Well, before we find out, we've still got many more weeks to get through,
including this week and what is coming out in the US, Japan, and the UK.
So, Loki, what is coming out in the US this week?
Fuck if I know.
Is that your official answer?
It's my answer currently.
I'm just pulling it up real fast.
I do apologize.
Loki was unprepared for a release date segment that we do every week here on OLR.
Well, yeah.
Hey, I finally got a text back from Shane on that game that I'm supposed to check out on Steam.
Oh, which game was it?
Dead Realm is the name of the game.
Dead Realm?
That's the game I'm supposed to check out on Steam in the scary game.
I don't know.
Look at it later when you're not looking up release dates.
Okay.
So, this week, not a whole lot, actually.
Basically, it looks like they're doing a, I guess this is an update,
Toy Soldiers War Chest Hall of Fame Edition for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Then, for some stupid reason, they have a Paddington Adventures in London game for 3DS.
X-Blaze, Lost, and then Memories.
That's on PlayStation 3.
Oh, that's right.
I did remember there was a big game this week.
Garfield Kart on 3DS.
Oh, yay.
X-Blaze, Lost, Memories is also coming out on Vita as well.
And not a game you can buy at retail, but everybody's gone to the Rapture
or should be coming out on PlayStation 4.
I was going to say, I see AndyScout mentioning that in chat right now.
Everyone's gone to the Rapture.
I know they've been pushing that on PlayStation as well in the digital store,
so I want to check that out too.
It's like a fun game.
That's it.
All right.
Moving over to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
In Japan this week on the PlayStation 4, actually, there's really not a lot on PlayStation 4.
Things are kind of quiet in Japan right now until the 27th of August,
at least on the PlayStation 4.
Looking at some of the other systems, of course, the Wii U.
Ain't got nothing until Mario Maker's out.
So they're pretty slow there.
But, you know, you can always usually count on the Vita in a slow week,
but this week on the Vita, nothing as well.
There's a Romeo vs. Juliet chapter pack thing coming out on the Vita,
but that's not until August 20th.
So that just leaves me with the 3DS.
The 3DS has one lone game out this week, Atelier Deco La Doll Collection.
That's right.
A doll dress-up game is your lone release there on the 3DS this week.
So a very quiet week in Japan for releases.
Dark Sakura?
Just a few things.
On the 11th, we have Everybody's Gone to the Rapture,
Goat Simulator on PS4 and PS3, and Olli Olli 2.
Oh, God.
Is that coming out over here too?
I will have to buy it for a third time.
Hasn't Olli Olli 2 been out forever?
No, fuck that.
I'm talking about Goat Simulator.
Oh.
Oh, God.
Goat Simulator's on PC and Xbox One?
Yeah, it's on PC, Xbox One, Xbox 360.
Ah, got it.
Yes, I want to buy that again.
That'll be the game I get my son to play.
Goat Simulator.
He'll have to stream that shit.
Are you a fan of Goat Simulator, Dark Sakura?
I liked it for about five minutes.
I think it's fun.
All right.
Just a couple more stories, and then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
All right.
Let's talk about Konami.
I know.
It's depressing.
Apparently, there's some information coming out from Nikkei's report about the company.
I guess from some insiders.
Some of the things coming out of the report.
Apparently, they have renamed the computers that were originally part of Kojima Productions,
now known as Number 8 Production Department, and they're not connected to the internet
and only can send messages internally.
Employees who leave office during lunchtime are monitored by time cards, and those who
take too long have their names announced throughout the company.
Developers, including relatively high-ranking ones, who aren't seen as useful, they are
being reassigned to different jobs, including sometimes security guards or even cleaning
staff of Konami's health clubs.
Apparently, also, the company, they've monitored the farewell Facebook post of a soon-to-be-leaving
employee, who had gotten a job at another company, and any employees who'd liked the
post were reshuffled within the company.
That sounds like a pretty hostile work environment, if you ask me.
Well, not that I'm gonna say, oh, I agree with all this stuff or necessarily defend.
There is a big part of me that says, well, wait a minute, I'm gonna take a huge grain
of salt with this, because is some of this being sensationalized for headlines sensationalism
in my gaming journalism?
Maybe, I don't know.
It's more real than you think, Loki.
So, I mean, okay, some of it is extreme.
The whole thing where people are getting reassigned to be the janitor and stuff, that's a little
weird.
But, okay, the computers are not on the internet.
That does not seem like a crime against humanity, because putting the computers on the internet
puts them at risk of getting hacked.
The developers of the games probably don't have a need to be on the internet, because
all the tools they use are internal.
Whatever they need access to are probably on their internal network.
Well, I think what they're doing is because maybe they're getting rid of that team that
they don't want information being sent out from them externally or something like that.
But it's not unheard of for other companies as well.
Especially in a lot of non-office environments, you probably don't have access to the internet
where you work.
Even in my work, the internet, a lot of stuff is blocked.
Is it a crime against humanity?
No.
I understand why I can't play on Facebook during the workday.
Which also, again, if people are clicking like on a post or whatever about somebody's
work, you've got to be careful what kind of crap you post on Facebook about the workplace.
You really, really do.
Again, it's not that I agree, but I question how much of this is a little bit like the
movie version.
I don't know.
This is Konami, though.
I'm willing to believe a lot of it, because look at what they did.
They literally scrubbed Kojima off of his game.
I mean, who does that?
That's just bullshit.
I think that's why a lot of this is believable.
I'm sure morale is in the toilet at Konami.
I'm sure morale is absolutely in the toilet.
There's no arguing that, really, based on everything we're seeing and hearing.
Again, the urge to kick them while they're down, you've got to put that in check with,
but what's the reality?
But that's okay, though.
I've got good news for you.
Oh, goodie.
Because I know that everybody was so disappointed that PT came up there and they took it down
off the internet and you're like, ah, damn, what about a new Silent Hill game?
There's a brand new Silent Hill game coming.
They just announced it.
Get excited for mobile games.
It's a slot machine.
It's really happening.
We were joking about that on the show a couple months ago when all this fuckery was hitting
its peak.
There really is a Silent Hill slot machine happening.
Yes.
God.
All right.
Okay.
Whatever.
Dr. Sakura's making a motion with her hand that's not safe for work.
But really, the best news out of all this probably is completely unrelated, but I've
been kind of watching some of their coverage of the test locations of the new DDR machine,
but BomaniStyle's back.
BomaniStyle.com.
Check it out.
It's back.
Oh, yeah.
Our pals at BomaniStyle are back after this.
So to show there are still some good and some fans and stuff of Konami and, well, music
gaming in general, because they're running a lot of stuff on Guitar Hero and other stuff
too.
But yeah, it's good that they're back.
So welcome back.
Rolling out the red carpet.
Ticker tape parade.
I'll have to get Eddie back on the show at some point.
It's a lot of fun to have him on.
Especially in light of everything that's been going on, I'd really like to hear because
he probably follows them even more closely than we do.
So when are we going to start seeing the Silent Hill machines like at Red Hawk or something
like that?
I don't know if they would ever bring the Silent Hill machines here because I don't
think it really fits in with the old grandmas who fill up the arcade.
Oh my heart!
You know, you look at the slot machines in Reno and it's more like, you know, the Ellen
show and the Hangover movie.
They have an Ellen show slot machine.
I won 40 bucks off a Dolly Parton slot machine.
It was awesome.
But they also had a Dungeons and Dragons.
That's what makes me understand.
I don't understand.
Maybe this is bigger in Japan or something.
They have a really healthy gambling scene in Japan.
I mean, where are these slot machines going?
Because I know over here in the states that do allow slot machines, I just don't see this
type of slot machine being a draw.
It's probably other Asian regions.
It may not even necessarily be Japan.
It could be Macau.
It could be, you know, other parts of the world where there's gambling.
I just don't know.
Whatever, that's the direction you want to take the company in.
I guess I can only...
No, I can mock you as long as I want, I guess.
So I will continue to do so.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
I got to give a shout out to this real quick.
It's on my mind.
I got to say it.
So our pal, Dekeman.
You know, Dekeman?
We owe Dekeman a lot.
We would have a website right now if it wasn't for Dekeman.
I know it's very old, and one of these days we'll get it updated.
But Dekeman, he has a Tumblr, and I still keep in touch with him on Tumblr,
and he posted a picture.
He was behind a Konami car.
And remember, Dekeman lives like in the middle of nowhere Canada.
With all due respect, you know, Dekeman, you're great,
but you live in the middle of nowhere Canada, right?
He knows that.
So he's behind this Konami car in the middle of nowhere Canada
at a McDonald's drive-through.
And so he took a picture of him flipping the car off in the McDonald's drive-through.
And on Tumblr, I couldn't help but add the line.
I said, how apropro that Konami is now resorting to buying from the dollar menu at McDonald's.
But apparently he's got casinos, because he's in a remote part of Canada,
he's got casinos where he's at.
I think it's a touristy area, because without giving away his home address,
I think he's in like a lake, which a lot of Canada is by a lake.
Would the dollar menu be considered microtransactions at McDonald's?
Fuck off.
Or is really any transaction a microtransaction at McDonald's?
I mean, especially when you look at calories, I guess.
So next time you go to, I can just see Loki.
This is angry old man Loki driving to the McDonald's.
Yeah, I want a hamburger and a large diet coke.
You want fries with that?
Fuck your microtransactions!
First off, I have to question my sanity ordering a diet coke,
because that's like, I'd rather drink water than diet coke.
That shit is nasty.
Although, like, my wife had like some, I don't know what it is,
like hipster green coke or something like that.
It's something like green canned shit that has like,
something that's not sugar, it's unnatural.
Oh, it's the stevia coke.
Oh yeah, it's okay, I guess.
It's coke life.
I got one of those once before they even had a price on it at the store.
They basically rolled it out a month early.
I'm sorry, you just said hipster soda and Dark Sakura says,
well, I got it a month before everybody else did.
No, no, no, my grocery store actually put it out on the shelves
before they were supposed to, so they didn't have a skew for it.
You know, it's just, you're being hipster about hipster soda, but I love it.
Whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever.
Arts.
I mean, one of those things.
You want, you want some parakeet?
You want, you want a whole box?
Cause we got nine boxes.
I'll take a box home.
Take a box home.
Give me one now.
Take two boxes home.
Get it out of my house.
Thank you.
I'll just give some as a housewarming thing when people come over.
I only went to my wife.
She always wants exotic candy.
There you go, exotic candy.
Pear candy for, there you go.
I'll give, make sure Alan eats a box.
I just don't want to open the box.
What is it?
It's like a chocolate.
It's like pear peanut brittle stuff.
It looks like what it does on the front there.
Anyway.
It's pear nut brittle with chocolate.
This is great radio.
So let's move on and talk about Killer Instinct season three.
Yeah, Killer Instinct's still going and Killer Instinct announced that season three is going
to be coming to Xbox One and of course, as mentioned at E3, Windows 10.
The date will be March of 2016.
There is no gameplay footage available.
However, Killer Instinct is apparently going to feature guest characters from Rare Replay.
Imagine that crossover.
Rash from Battletoads will be a character in Killer Instinct.
Actually, not even will be.
He is a character available in Killer Instinct right now.
So you can check out Rash, a preview character from Killer Instinct season three.
And a cute little tie in there for Rare Replay.
So if you want to know if GameStop has Battletoads, yes they do.
And it's available even on the Xbox One as well.
Battletoads everywhere.
Now just, how about just a new Battletoads game?
I feel like that's the thing that Microsoft's been dancing around for ever since they picked up Rare.
How about a new Battletoads game? How about it?
Microsoft is to Battletoads as Nintendo is to F-Zero.
It is kind of irritating, isn't it?
Alright, let's go back to a more classic time.
Let's go back to a time when Battletoads was new and relevant.
Well, maybe a little past that actually.
Still pissed us off.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, this is worthy of your attention.
A classic game that you ought to be playing.
And the rule is...
It's so old.
Ten years old or more.
Because I think tonight's is like right on the line, right?
It's like April, 2005.
So if you can believe it, this game is ten years old.
Get ready to feel old.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Psychonauts.
Yes, Psychonauts.
It came out in 2005.
Released by Double Fine Productions through Majesco.
So basically you play as a boy who has psychic powers.
Who runs away from the circus to sneak into summer camp for other people who are psycho.
I mean, have psychic powers.
So you can be a Psychonaut.
And there is a plot going on at the camp.
The only he can stop.
So he basically also works with a few of the other characters in the game.
Solves puzzles.
And one of the things about this one that made it really...
I'd say a special, special snowflake.
Is that not only is it a platforming game or has platforming elements to it.
But it also sort of throws in the type of dialogue options that you get from an adventure game.
You have to find hidden items you can use to buy items at the camp.
Or get psy cards that boost your ranking.
You have to do like little levels within the game.
And then you have the quote real world that's the camp that you're in.
You also have an insane asylum in the game.
And every game needs an insane asylum.
One of the other things that I thought was fun is finding the tags to match to emotional baggage.
Which is how you unlock different things in the game.
And break mental vaults to get slideshows that let you know a little bit more about the character and whatnot.
So it's just really a fun little quirky game.
He's got powers like telekinesis, pyrokinesis which is great.
Clairvoyance, PsyShield, PsyBlast, confusion, levitation, and invisibility.
So pretty, pretty fun stuff.
And I'm not going to go too much into that because honestly I think most of you have played this already since it's not, you know, it's just ten years ago, you know.
Loki was just telling me he was playing it yesterday. Isn't that right, Loki?
No, I have never played this game. It's in my library. I have not played it.
Ten years.
I have a feeling, unfortunately, there's a lot of people who picked up Psychonauts and let it rot in their library.
So this might be a gentle reminder to go check it out.
Well, at any rate, it got a really good score when it came out.
It actually was, one of the best descriptions is actually one of GameSpot's sources.
The whole look of the game feels like an unholy love child of Tim Burton and a Pixar animation team.
Yeah, I can see that.
It's pretty accurate.
Well, and it's funny because we're talking about the whole, like, I was talking about Banjo-Kazooie earlier and it's almost kind of like this is that type of game evolves a little bit.
I mean, obviously there's a lot of differences. It's not tit for tat.
But, you know, the whole, like, platformer, you know, what that looked like years later.
Well, it also won, like, a bajillion awards in 2005.
2006 it won Best Screenplay, Games Magazine, Electronic Game of the Year, Best Writing.
It got Top Hero, 10 out of 10 for certain magazines.
So it basically won all of these awards.
But despite winning all of that, it actually was a commercial bomb.
It failed.
So, however, it's got a huge, like, cult following.
So it's remained popular even after that.
You know, just sort of like Xanadu, you know?
Or the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Or Xanadu.
That's what this is. Or the Rocky Horror Xanadu Show.
Or with showgirls.
In fact, I heard that coming to the Castro, Peach is Christ and Jinx Monsoon are doing Psychonauts.
Believe it or not.
I think that's the thing that's happening.
Maybe not.
Alright, there it is. Your classic game of the week.
Psychonauts.
It's probably in your Steam library.
Go check it out already.
Dig it up.
I think they were giving it away for free at one point.
I swear, like, they were.
It was like a Humble Bundle or something.
Yeah, Humble. It's been Humble.
One of the earliest ones had it.
Yeah.
So there you go. Classic game of the week.
Hey, we've got plenty more show coming up.
We still have some more news out of Gamescom.
We're going to get to the foogle question of the week as well.
And, of course, your emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
It's the place to send your emails.
And we're going to read some of those.
I think we actually got some this week.
So we'll get to those.
FUs of the week and your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number 609 already in progress.
This is part B. Live on this August 9th of 2015.
I just realized the episode number is 609.
It's almost 69.
But there's, like, a zero in the middle.
There just comes a certain...
It's for the threesome.
That's right.
They just put an O.
The giant fat man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
They just put an O.
The giant fat man that's just sitting there doing nothing.
Or an O face in the middle.
Nope.
It's the cat.
Hey, what are you doing?
Are you cuddling?
I want to cuddle.
Purr, purr, purr, purr, purr.
Wouldn't that be 63?
Because the cat face is colon 3.
Yeah, but if it's, like, Shermie-sized, it's no.
Okay.
All right.
Well, believe it or not, it's not a total perverted show.
Just sometimes.
We talk about video games here on the program.
And we're going to get back into rapid-fire news here, but I wanted to mention this, because
Loki, you were talking during the break, you were mentioning you had to get this new Humble
Bundle.
And it does sound pretty awesome, actually.
You know, they put together some really good deals over at Humble Bundle, I got to say.
So what is it that people can catch up on this week?
It's all Namco games, right?
It's all Bandai Namco stuff.
So they've got Pac-Man Championship Edition DX.
That's the version with all the DLC.
Do you know how much I paid for that?
Yeah, though.
And now they're just giving it away.
The all-you-can-eat bundle.
That's true.
For a dollar.
That's Platform Mines, Dead Core, and then for, if you beat the average, you get Ridge
Racer Unbounded Bundle, Enslaved Odyssey to the West, Ace Combat and Assault Horizon,
and then for $10, Dark Souls Prepared to Die Edition.
Plus more games that they'll announce all later today.
Yet to be announced!
Maybe one of the Pac-Man Ghostly Adventure games.
I haven't played Ridge Racer Unbounded too much.
I played just a very little bit of it.
And, I don't know, it's Bugbear, so it's not too terrible.
It's just not...
Damn, it's about time for a new Ridge Racer game, Namco.
I mean, seriously.
Well, I'm telling you, that whole thing is worth it for Pac-Man DX alone.
I love that game.
That's a great update of the Pac-Man series, so, I mean, just get that, even if nothing
else.
Drop the dollar.
Although there's a lot of other good stuff in there, too.
I'm just saying, the Pac-Man one just really jumps out at me.
I was like, wow, what a deal.
If Namco really wanted to do right by Ridge Racer fans, it would get reskinned R4.
Now, going back to the whole retro glasses thing we were talking about at the very beginning
of the show.
That's for nothing.
R4 was the best Ridge Racer game.
It's the best Ridge Racer game there was.
Okay, so you would take it just a reskinned HD R4?
I would just take R4, period.
I mean, I've got R4.
R4 for PS4?
R4 was amazing.
With JotCon compatibility.
The JotCon was not very good.
It was actually pretty fun.
That was playing Wipeout with the NegCon.
That was pretty fun.
ActDeft in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, I would kill for the Ridge Racer 5 HD
remaster.
Let's see, Ragenator says, I got the Namco Bandai bundle.
Everything minus the Dark Souls.
I ended up giving Pac-Man CEDX Plus away since I already had it.
I imagine a lot of folks out there probably already have it, but if you don't, this is
a great time to jump on that.
Just saying.
Alright, let's go around and check out some other quick news and little quick bites we
call rapid fire news.
Loki.
We seriously need to play the R4 theme at some point, like maybe break next week or
something like that.
It's amazing.
Remind me, we'll do that.
I'm pretty sure I have it from old OLR rotation.
It might even be in VOG rotation right now.
It is absolutely amazing.
Anywho, so as I mentioned, I was back into reading, or well, I started reading, but then
I got lazy, and actually I like listening to the audiobook version better, but Armada.
And of course, Armada is by Ernest Cline, who also wrote Ready Player One, which as
you may know is getting adapted into a feature length movie by Steven Spielberg.
That is amazing.
And no, it's even more amazing, we have a release date for it.
That's right, Steven Spielberg's adaption of Ready Player One should be out December
17th, 2017.
It's two years away, but I can't wait.
It's gonna be awesome.
That's a little bit of a wait, but considering they haven't even casted one yet.
I don't care.
I will be waiting and hyped.
Go get in line right now, like those Star Wars people.
They're crazy.
It's gonna be amazing.
Along with that though, Uncharted, and there's a brand new Resident Evil movie.
Those also have release dates.
So Uncharted's supposed to be scheduled to come out June 30th, 2017.
Also the new Resident Evil movie, slated, called Resident Evil The Final Chapter.
The search for even more money.
Scheduled to be coming out January.
Is it really gonna be the final chapter?
Yeah, I don't know, we'll see.
Is Mila Jovovich finally done with this shit?
It's the final chapter until they reboot that shit.
And then so, that's gonna be coming to theaters January 27th, and then non-gaming related.
Bad Boys 3, February 17th, 2017.
Ghostbusters, they rebooted that July 7th, 2016.
Which apparently Bill Murray is in now.
I just heard that today.
Cool.
Is he gonna be a ghost in that one?
It's a cameo, so maybe.
Jumanji, they're rebooting that.
That's Christmas 2016, Magnificent Seven September 23rd, 2016, and Underworld 5, yet
another series of movies that really should end.
That's gonna be October 21st, 2016.
Alright.
Embryon in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, Resident Evil, the really honestly final
chapter, we swear for reals.
I am seriously, I caught a movie.
Like Five Nights at Freddy's?
Didn't the final chapter suddenly disappear from all the Five Nights at Freddy's 4 stuff?
I bet the reason why we got Five Nights at Freddy's 4 early is because he took his final
game and split it into two.
I bet he took some of his ideas and split them.
Just saying.
Just saying.
Five Nights at Freddy's 5.
I know, you would think there's gotta be a fifth Five Nights at Freddy's game.
Then you end it.
The fifth night.
There you go.
At Freddy's.
There you go.
Anyway.
Yeah I caught like one of the Resident Evil movies in the middle and like, I think that
series stopped being Resident Evil quite a long time ago.
Like I was like, this is like the fucking Matrix shit.
And I'm okay with that.
Cause I'm not like a huge fan of Resident Evil but I'm pretty sure from what I know
of Resident Evil, that was not Resident Evil.
That was some crazy Matrix bullshit that I watched but.
Those movies are gross.
I'm okay with that.
I don't need all that gore.
I'm not into that stuff.
No it wasn't very gory.
It was just ridiculous.
Like why are there all these clones of you?
And why are they jumping off of a building and skydiving in slow mo?
I don't understand what the fuck is going on here.
Wesker is cool.
But I didn't understand what the hell was going on.
Alright moving on.
And of course Ally Larter is in that.
Yeah.
I'm sick of her after Heroes.
Anyway sorry.
This is pretty exciting though.
They're gonna be doing an Attack on Titan game for the Playstation 4.
It's gonna be developed by Omega Force behind the Dynasty Warriors series.
That's supposed to be coming out sometime, I don't know, 2016 sometime?
Something like that.
I'll play that.
And then along with that there's gonna be a VR game based on John Wick.
So this is gonna be done by, I guess, the studio behind the Darkness, Payday 2, and
the Chronicles of Riddick, Escape from Butcher Bay.
So Starbreeze, I mean Payday 2 is fucking amazing.
So I think that'll be awesome.
It's apparently, they're saying right now that they have like a promo experience version
of the game that's on the HTC Vive world tour.
So if you happen to come across that, you can check out a demo that's gonna be on the
HTC Vive through SteamVR.
Alright.
Well, traveling around for some other rapid fire news, out of Gamescom this week, I know
a lot of you are looking forward to Street Fighter 5, and Vega was confirmed.
That's our Vega, or Claw.
He was confirmed for the game.
And not everybody a fan of what's hiding under the mask though.
Vega and Ken could possibly be brothers.
Maybe that'll be a plot twist, I don't know.
Re-imagine Ken.
But I don't know.
You know what?
I'm still hyped about Street Fighter 5.
I don't care.
I'll still play it.
So will you.
Who cares if they look a little weird?
They're gonna have reskins anyway available for, you know, $1.99 in the store.
Let's be real.
So there you go.
Vega happening for Street Fighter 5.
Final Fantasy XV also got a new trailer out of Gamescom.
I gotta admit, didn't care for it.
And I'm hyped about Final Fantasy XV, but considering how much they hyped up that trailer,
I wasn't, like, then it came out, you know, I was like, that's really pretty.
That's very artistic.
But it tells me nothing about the game.
It's just like, oh, pretty pictures.
Which, to be fair, I guess is a lot of Final Fantasy, but I wasn't, I don't know, I guess
I was just expecting a little more.
I still haven't gone back to play that, like, updated demo that they have.
Episode Disque, yeah?
Yeah.
No, you should.
I haven't.
No.
You know what else I haven't gone back to?
That's what I kind of thought we would see out of Gamescom is other scenes from the game
besides what we saw in Disque.
Yeah.
I thought that's what we'd get.
Yeah, I kind of regret buying that.
Maybe Tokyo Game Show.
Kind of regret buying the other Final Fantasy game for that demo.
You didn't like it?
That's what you get.
They knew a lot of people.
It was okay.
They knew a lot of people would buy the game just for that demo.
I thought it looked good, like, the trailer looked good for that game, but not so much.
Well, anyhow, you know, it's only, like, a couple minutes, and it is pretty, so you might
as well go watch the damn trailer, so it's out there if you haven't seen it yet.
Now, by the way, also, regarding Final Fantasy XV, there was a little update that was going
on.
Apparently, they actually showed off the Marlboro enemy and what it looks like now, and then
they were talking a little bit about the big villain in the game, and they're actually
talking about that the villain in Final Fantasy XV is going to top all of the previous Final
Fantasy villains.
They also said that there is the girl with the black hair that you see in some of the
previews.
The girl with the black hair is mysterious, but integral to the story.
They're also saying a playable city demo will be released soon, but no idea when that will
launch.
Probably just like the game.
They have no idea when that is actually going to launch.
Speaking of Final Fantasy series in a game I was very hyped about, you might have heard
throughout the past week that Arnie Roth, who is the Distant Worlds Final Fantasy composer,
he kind of slipped up at a concert and talked about a Final Fantasy XII Remake, to which
I said, yes, I was so excited for Final Fantasy XII Remake.
Like, look, I get not everybody was into the story, but Final Fantasy XII probably had
the best battle system out of any of the Final Fantasy games, and it brought us Balthier
and Fran to the world.
So we have things to be thankful for, and you know you want some Balthier and Fran in
HD.
Let's be real.
You will put up with the van scene, you will put up with that shit so you can see Balthier
and Fran in HD, especially if they're still keeping the same voice act, anyway.
But, well, Arnie Roth put out a statement and retracted the word remake, saying it was
used in error.
Following conversations with composer Hitoshi Sakamoto regarding new concert arrangements
of music from Final Fantasy XII, regrettably, the term remake was used in error during one
of the announcements that took place from the stage during the concert.
Maybe they meant they remade the song or remade the arrangement.
I don't know.
Maybe they're gonna HDify the game.
Hopefully they're just covering their ass for a Tokyo game show reveal.
That is my hope, but, uh, I guess I won't hold my breath, but I just, I really want
a Final Fantasy XII HD.
Why won't you give it to me square?
Why won't you?
Dark Sakura, save me.
There's no saving you from fandom, Rob.
No saving.
Real quick from chat, sorry, live.vognetwork.com, Embreon in chat says, the world deserves Bosh's
chest and Fran's butt in HD.
Eye candy for everyone.
So, um, we've been talking off and on about Guitar Hero Live and what, uh, we had some
thought for it, but they actually have confirmed there's going to be singing in it.
So you get to belt out, you know, the, the greatest hits involved in it.
Hopefully in key, they should put in like a auto-tune for stuff.
Or we get Loki to sing it in the key of funny.
So moving on, um, Lego, uh, Marvel Avengers have been delayed to 2016.
Boo!
Big, fat, boo.
And I know why they're doing it too.
It's for that fucking Lego Dimensions bullshit.
Yeah, let's sell us our $30 fucking expansion packs for that game.
Jamie, I think you pushed a button.
No, no, we'll push a button.
I didn't do shit.
No, I read the article too.
They even bring up Lego Dimensions, so.
Yeah, it's fucking $100 for the base.
It's Lego.
Okay.
It's Lego.
It's the Lego premium.
You know, $100 for the fucking base set and $30 for fucking expansions.
Dark Sakura again, making back and forth, not safe for work signs with her hand.
Thank God.
This is why it's not a video show, people.
Yep.
So speaking of delays, of course, some Mighty No. 9 has been delayed until 2016.
No!
Sorry, I just felt after what Lowkey did.
Comcept posted about this, saying, and I'm just going to read the quote.
We can acknowledge that the game will no longer meet its current release.
Bad use of an apostrophe, geez.
Will no longer meet its current release date and will now, in fact, appear in Q1 2016.
We will announce a firm release date and further details once we have it later.
Basically, they say it's for bugs and quality assurance.
I think it might have a little bit more to do with Red Ash failing.
A little bit to do with it.
By the way, Red Ash has a investor now, so it's going to have its releases after all.
I don't know if it has anything to do with Red Ash.
I just think they, you know, video games are hard, people.
They're not easy things to make.
And I think sometimes people are too aggressive with how long it's really going to take to make them.
They heard that 2016 was going to be the year that everyone was going to be releasing their game,
so they're like, hey, you know what, let's do it too.
We want to be in with that action, so let's do that.
Maybe it's punishment for Red Ash not meeting its Kickstarter.
It's because they really...
We'll get them.
It's because, just like LEGO Marvel Avengers, they really wanted to highlight another game
that was coming out, and that being the Mega Man collection.
They didn't want to steal any thunder away from them, so that's why it's coming out later on.
And they're going to bug fix the hell out of it.
All I'm saying, every little thing that goes wrong with this Kickstarter
is going to affect future Kickstarters, just saying.
Bloodstained better do it right.
Whatever, what Kickstarter has come out on time?
Like, hardly any, so...
I got my Exploding Kittens in the timeframe they said it would come out.
I mean, granted, that's a card game, but...
And it's sitting there in a box, unopened,
and everything I hear is about how the box is amazing,
but I'm not going to open it until I have people over.
We have a party.
Play some Exploding Kittens.
Open it.
No, I'm not going to open it now, because...
The box is amazing.
Don't you want to see how amazing it is?
Maybe we'll do a YouTube thing or something,
because apparently I have to have Sanrio in the room when I do it.
So...
Alright, anyhow...
It doesn't shoot out like some sort of compressed catnip or something.
It's just a catnip bomb goes off in the room.
It's like someone dropped a flashbang, but catnip bang.
DungeonBuster in chat says,
The new Hong Kong sequel is on target for this month, actually,
even with the expanded content due to the Kickstarter.
DungeonBuster saying Shadowrun Returns was a month or so off target,
but it came out relatively close.
Once again, another game that I backed by Kickstarter
and have the content and haven't played it.
And I was super hyped about that, and I really need to go back and play it,
but, you know...
That and Shadowrun Online, yeah,
I'm going to dedicate myself to an MMO.
Have that as well.
I think.
Do I have it?
This is a comment on a story that Jamie read a little earlier,
but it's good, so I'm going to read it.
Andy Scout in our chatroom over at live.voguenetwork.com says,
Guitar Hero Live is going back to basics.
Now we added singing.
How long until drums?
That's a good point, though.
They said they're going back to basics,
then all of a sudden here comes the whole band.
I'm hoping it's just because singing is easy,
and maybe can be done through the iPhone,
like SingStar is now.
You don't even need a microphone.
Like, by the way, if you weren't aware about that with SingStar,
all you need is the mobile phone and the PlayStation 4,
and it's magic.
The whole Bluetooth magic.
You don't even need a mic now.
Sing into your phone.
Like, I was almost...
Because my one son's super into Let It Go from the Frozen movie.
What child isn't into that song?
I don't understand it.
I mean, I think it's the daycare they play it.
Like, he is obsessed with that fucking video.
We played that for about an hour today.
But I was almost like...
Because they like dancing, too.
So I was like, okay, well, maybe...
Let's see if this is in Just Dance.
It's got to be in Just Dance.
And sure enough, it is.
But now they have in Just Dance was the Angry Birds theme,
and there's people dressed up like angry birds,
and it's kind of creepy.
Seeing the angry birds with people feet and arms.
It's like the Reddit forum where they've got...
Or the subreddit where birds with human arms or whatever it is.
Yeah, some of those Just Dance videos are very, very creepy.
But, you know, they got some really awesome songs in that game, too,
so I can't complain.
Anyhow, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You put Facebook and Google together, you get FUGL.
And yes, Google Plus is still a thing, as far as I know.
It's still running, so until it isn't running...
If people stop answering all together on Google Plus,
then I'll stop asking it there.
But we're still getting one or two answers a week.
That's something.
That's more phone calls than we got last week.
So might as well run the Google Plus page as well as the Facebook.
So we're an equal opportunity here at OLR.
Actually, we got four answers on Google Plus this week.
So here's the question this week.
It is about the news about the DVR service.
We want to ask you guys about something not directly related to games.
Microsoft announced that they will roll out a subscription-free DVR service for the Xbox One.
This will allow you to record TV over the air, not cable.
They can be played back on any Windows 10 device,
meaning the Xbox One or your PC.
Are you interested in a feature like that?
Or do you think Microsoft needs to keep the message about the games?
Let's start on Google Plus tonight, since four is a lot on Google Plus.
We'll start with Redertainment, who says,
As I'm considering my options as far as TV is concerned,
what keeps me going back to satellite is being able to watch WWE, ESPN, and local channels via a DVR.
If I can get the local channels on my Xbox One and can get ESPN on Sling TV,
the only thing keeping me on satellite is being able to watch full complete episodes of WWE Raw,
which isn't currently possible via any legal online platform.
So yes, DVR on Xbox One is very appealing to me.
Josh Wye replied and said,
No, I think that Microsoft has muddled the message already.
You either walk on the side of the street or the other.
If you try to walk in the middle, you get run over.
Also where I live, Sony tried DVR with their PlayStation TV.
That didn't go anywhere.
Anyway, I thought the future is streaming.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying they shouldn't do this,
it's just that they shouldn't lead with it.
You know, interesting in that comment, the part about the smartphone,
it's interesting in that comment, the part about the streaming,
because I think he does make a very good point there,
is that it's interesting that NBC and CBS and Fox and all of them
haven't really answered with full on streaming.
I guess in a way they have, because somebody is going to jump in and say,
Hulu, Hulu is an NBC thing and Fox partnership.
So I guess in some way they have and CBS has their own thing.
But again, then you all know how we feel about the fragmented
when you got one guy over here, one guy over here,
like you don't want to pay ten bucks each for all that stuff.
So I think it is interesting that the whole part about streaming,
where maybe some of these shows just need to be more accessible in streaming.
And some of these companies need to wake up to the reality that,
you know, the game has changed and over the air TV
isn't how everybody is watching their TV anymore.
Anyway, ActDeft says on Google+, it's free.
Unless it's utter crap and useless, I don't mind.
Extra Futures do sell a console for lots of people.
Brozame replies and says, for me a console is about games,
so adding in features that don't add value for everyone buying an Xbox One
seems like a huge waste to me.
I'd much rather see games that make me want to buy the console,
instead of just waiting for the PC version,
since there's maybe two games I'm missing out on
between both PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Over on Facebook, we had Fabrice A who said,
this would be very interesting for cable,
but no use to me since I only get four channels over the air.
Tigerclaw says, it's great that Microsoft is offering a free DVR service,
but the fact it's only over the air isn't good enough.
Not many people can get a good quality signal
for over the air channels on their TV.
If they just allowed the functionality to control your cable box,
it would make the service better.
Andy R said, I don't even have cable, so not really.
In the days of Hulu and such, DVR seems less and less relevant.
The few cable shows I do watch, like Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Agent Carter,
are up on the studio's website the night of airing for cable subscribers
and a week later for non-subscribers.
Why bother setting up something to record if they're going to do it for you?
I'd rather focus on games.
I already have a PlayStation 4, Wii U, and both handhelds,
and not enough time to play everything on those.
If they want me to buy an Xbox One,
I need games I want to play that I can't already get elsewhere.
Well, to be fair to Microsoft,
I do feel like a big part of their campaign this year has been,
you know, these are the games you're going to play on Microsoft only this fall.
They're running the Rise of the Tomb Raider and the Halo 5
and the Rare Replay and all the stuff that's on their console.
Silent Tom says, I think that it will be forgotten and underused,
just like Nintendo's TV.
They just need to focus on games and not weird bells and whistles.
Rageinator says, I'd use a free DVR service.
Okay, so it's not games related. So what?
We all may be gamers, but we all don't live, breathe, and shit games 24-7-365.
Well, I don't know about you, Rageinator, but we have other interests, too,
and it would be nice to consolidate devices that enable us to enjoy our non-gaming interests.
Alan H. replied and said,
Consoles have been a household multimedia appliance since the 360 and Netflix integration,
arguably easier for those who watch DVDs via their PlayStation 2.
I understand why Microsoft, a giant in their own right,
would absolutely not want to go near negotiations with Comcast or Time Warner Cable,
two companies with reputations for not playing fair.
They have little reason to view Microsoft as a competitor,
and Microsoft is too smart to start giving them one.
That said, obviously, that limitation is going to make it useless to the vast majority of consumers.
And lastly, sj100matt says,
I may be in the minority, but I love these TV, TV sports, TV features that consoles roll out.
I think it broadens and enhances the experiences that you can have with a console, but I digress.
I think the hot item about this DVR feature is that you should be able to stream your saved shows on your Windows 10 tablets.
People will eat that up.
Yeah, I got to admit, part of it that does seem really interesting to me
is the fact that it's not just the fact that it DVRs to the same TV that your Xbox is on anyway,
but you could then, with the streaming, you could then watch that same show on your computer
or watch it on your Windows tablet or whatever.
That part is kind of interesting to me.
So that is definitely an enhanced feature there, so I'm keeping that in mind.
Anyway, some really great answers tonight, you guys.
Thanks for participating.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Be our friend on social networking.
Darn it, be our friend.
Let's get back into some other news. Loki.
Alright, I was just checking out my friend who used to work at a, well, he still runs a game store
and he's an actor and stuff, and he's going to be in some Disney film.
Good for him.
Oh yeah, you were talking about that.
He also got sued by Pepsi, so he lives a strange life.
Alright.
Anyways, so this is kind of cool.
Cities Skylines, you know, kind of the SimCity, but not SimCity, at least not shitty as the last SimCity game was.
It'll be coming to consoles, and of course, it'll be coming to the Xbox One first.
That is scheduled to be coming out, I'm not sure, doesn't really mention yet when, but soon.
And then of course, you know, hopefully other consoles after the Xbox One at a later date.
Also, Crackdown 3, the game that was going to get me to buy an Xbox One, not coming out until 2016.
But they did show off some development footage.
Now, one of the things that they were touting about the series was that it was going to be using that Microsoft cloud server stuff
to allow for this really crazy destruction in the game.
However, that destruction is only going to be available in multiplayer, but it's 100% destruction,
so you can blow up any building that you see in the game, and it will dynamically be destroyed.
And that is amazing, so I'll have to check that out.
But yeah, unfortunately, Crackdown 3, not coming out until summer 2016.
So, got a year away.
Alright.
I'm excited to try that new Crackdown game, too.
I wasn't as huge on the series as you were, but you know I gotta go collect orbs.
You do.
That's what everybody was into, right?
Hey, I'm excited about this.
You know, with the whole talk we've had tonight about retro being new again and all this,
I think this is a retro series that is really long overdue for reimagining.
And I realize it already had one, but anyway, the series I'm talking about is A Boy and His Blob.
Remember that game on the NES? I love that game.
Yes.
It's a great little puzzle game.
You feed the jelly beans and it turns the blob into these different things.
Very cool little NES game.
And I know they had the 3DS, it was like 3DS or a Wii?
It was both, yeah.
Yeah, it was on both.
Did it ever actually come out?
No, it did.
Okay, because I remember playing it at E3 and then it seemed like it disappeared.
But anyway, apparently Majesco Entertainment has appointed a new CEO,
and they're actually going to be focusing on digital games, not just the retail games.
The company Majesco is working on Glue,
and it's also working on a new entry for the Boy and His Blob series.
Sometime in the next two fiscal quarters is when we'll see this game,
and it's going to be across all next generation consoles, and in some cases, PC.
So who knows, The Boy and His Blob will be very logical to show up on the PC as well.
David Rector, by the way, now taking over as Majesco's new CEO and Chairman of the Board.
So yeah, very cool that's been worked on.
I hope it's not treated like shovelware, because I could really see where this just gets thrown into a kid's game.
But yeah, that was a game I remember really loving in the NES days.
So we'll be looking forward to that reboot.
Meanwhile, Dark Sakura.
Stuff. The end.
No, really.
That's going to do it for tonight, Solr.
If you want an alternative to Mighty No. 9 and you're tired of waiting,
there is a game that's actually under Steam Early Access right now called 20XX.
And it looks like it's pretty good.
It's $12 right now through Steam Early Access.
It keeps getting updated.
It's in beta right now, but it's got really, really good ratings.
And it actually originally was named as Echoes of Eridu, but got renamed to 20XX.
Raised over $20,000 from backers on Kickstarter, so hey.
And I thought Mighty No. 9 ripped off Mega Man. Holy crap.
What's funny isn't the 20XX, isn't that the opening of Mega Man 2?
Yeah, that's the Mega Man thing.
Where it goes in the year 20XX.
So it's like, not even is the game biting a little bit of Mega Man there,
but the name is, at least I kind of see it as a Mega Man reference.
A very subtle one, but it's there.
In the art world, it's called a quote.
A quote.
Meaning if you see remnants of another painter's style from an earlier era, it's called a quote.
So this is a quote.
So when I make a happy little cloud in Mario Paint, I'm quoting Bob Ross.
You sure are.
Hey, there you go.
It sounds like a roguelike Mega Man game.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, that reminds me of Homestar Runner when it made fun of Mega Man.
In the year XDXD6.
20XD6.
Yeah.
Hey, Stickley Man, what are you doing?
Wasn't there a new Homestar Runner this week that was talking about how Flash is dead?
Like, and then there was a part of me that was like, wow, they're still making Homestar Runner?
That's awesome.
Like, it came back after like a huge break.
Alright, anyhow, Loki.
Alright, so Bethesda has released some more information about Fallout 4, including a little bit of endgame stuff for Fallout.
With that, there is going to be no end to the game after the main story is done.
You know, I think that's pretty similar to the other games that Bethesda has released.
And also, no level cap for Fallout 4.
So you can level, level, level, level some more.
And more.
The level cap is 20XDX.
20XDX.
Yes.
Are you excited for Fallout 4, Loki?
I am, even though I've not really played a Fallout game.
And I, you know, I have Fallout 3 and I bought it and it made a big deal of it.
But it's such a pain in the ass to get it to work.
Because of the stupid games for Windows shit.
It just, update your shit so I don't have to do all this work around crap to get your fucking game to work.
Well, this is funny because after E3, I seem to remember.
I don't know if this was a conversation Bobby and I were having or if Bobby said it on his show.
Probably both, honestly.
But we were talking about, or he was saying on his show about how,
now that Shenmue 3 has showed up on the Sony stage,
how much longer until Kickstarters on stage at conferences become the norm?
Well, guess what happened at Gamescom?
Microsoft had a Kickstarter on their stage.
This one was a little different though because it was already funded.
Koji Igarashi got up on the Microsoft stage to talk about Bloodstained.
And so, yeah, they give a little update on Bloodstained.
Talking about a new character in the game, they showed some models and art.
Didn't really say if this character is playable or not, but he sure looks it, so we'll see.
Also, Bloodstained is given a release window of March 2017 for PlayStation 4, Vita, Xbox One, Wii U, and PC.
They also mentioned on the stage there that the game will feature cross-play between Windows 10 and Xbox One.
So that is something else a little bit Microsoft-centric there.
So, pretty cool.
I'm looking forward to Bloodstained.
I hope just because they're saying March 2017 now doesn't mean it actually gets delayed to February 2018.
But be prepared for anything.
Games always get delayed.
I got reminded when I was talking about Shadowrun and everything.
Oh yeah, Shadowrun Online. Yeah, I backed that.
That was supposed to be out in 2013.
Really?
The last update that I just read because I don't follow it too closely.
The company is filing for bankruptcy.
I don't think I'm going to be playing that game apparently.
Sorry to hear that.
Thankfully I didn't back it for too much money.
Alright.
Well, every week we like to take a trip to our mailbag.
Participate at Orangelauntrader.com is the place to send us emails.
Dark Soccer is going to suit up and head on into the mailbag and find some emails worthy of reading on tonight's show.
And after a very slow response past few weeks, we actually got a few tonight.
Two?
Two.
I'll take them.
Two emails.
So the first one comes from Robert M.
And it's disjointed.
Apparently comes the warning.
Briefly Loki, yes there's at least one unofficial LEGO Loot Crate type service.
Look up Brick Builders Club for one.
Secondly, I saw some developers Twitter post showing the two dozen or so games Scott Cawthorne did before the Five Nights series.
I wonder if the games have any easter eggs that call back to his previous games.
Third, I imagine we'll have an Angry Birds the Movie the Game, still not sure about the characters having bodies.
That is so true though about Angry Birds the Movie the Game.
For the record, when I was in Illustrator class, one of our assignments was to make a CD or, you know, a game cover.
So I did Silent Hill of the Movie the Game.
So I did, anyway.
I've recommended OLR slash VOG to a few others and gotten recommendations for other indie casts.
The Slash Films Toboloski Files with poignant stories from the character actor.
The St. Louis based Geekly Podcast and BCX Beyond Comics Radio with DJ Jacob Riles whose style reminds me a bit of Travis's.
Does he also orbit around the earth when doing his show?
Because you know Travis broadcasts from the satellite of VOG so we'll have to look into that.
Last email?
Yes.
God, this is long. Holy!
It's from Raw Steel UT.
Yeah, I get that a lot.
Oh, Raw Steel UT.
Balking at the size of the email there.
You're gonna read parts.
Okay.
Dear Raw Steel UT.
And anybody sending long emails.
Don't send a novel.
I don't want it annotated with footnotes.
I want the cliff notes.
Or put it up on the forums.
Yes, you can write novels on our forums all you want because nobody's loving those forums.
Although, I will say, Ray Genator posted a Final Fantasy XIV question so I was like, yay, forums.
Hey guys, I just bought Rare Replay in part due to the mostly positive buzz it's been receiving.
And it is here once more that I learned to avoid buying based mostly on positive buzz.
See, the game does something rather odd.
It installs the base menus and the menu of the game straight away.
However, anything that received Xbox Live Arcade or on-disk 360 releases is running rather ghetto on the clearly experimental Xbox 360 emulation software.
This is where the issue begins for me.
See, the games install off the disk just fine.
Although, they're all their own separate entries in the apps list.
However, this is a big fucking deal.
Each of them requires a separate update in the hundreds of megs.
And seeing that this is an Xbox One title, those updates not only take longer to download than they would on literally any other piece of hardware, but also fuck up bandwidth on any network the Xbone is on.
I kinda referenced this when I mentioned that I put in the disk and it wanted to do like 5 gigs of updates.
I think he's talking about this just using more colorful language.
Ray Genator, don't you fucking dare.
What was Ray Genator threatening?
A War and Peace sized email.
Just, ooh, it fell in the trash. Imagine that.
We accidentally lost your email, Ray Genator.
This is a long email and I want to get it read.
Alright.
Not only that, but while 360 titles start fine without the updates, you can't play them because for some weird reason you have to download your profile.
That's right, there's no option for profile creation or simply using the Xbone profiles.
I'm just saying Xbone because it's funny.
Nope, and a separate X360 profile needs to be downloaded in order to play the games, meaning there's no real option to play your games.
Or use the Xbone at all until a few extra gigs of data have been downloaded onto the system.
Can I just quickly say, I did not have that problem, so I actually don't know what he's talking about here.
And I don't know if that's because I was in the emulation thing already, but I don't even remember ever going through that.
So, my question is, where it's downloading all the games and stuff like that, do you get those, like the Xbox 360 ones, do you get those on the Xbox 360?
I don't think so, because these specifically say Rare Replay at the top. So, anyway.
This, mind you, for games that are almost a decade old at minimum, and for a compilation being re-released in mid-August, that has no real reason to be rushed.
This brings me to the real issue, most likely the massive downloads are for updates to the emulators being written for each and every game.
The fact that I got Banjo-Kazooie to start suggests that the games themselves are on disc, but as the backward compatibility is clearly being cobbled together desperately,
they're probably being worked on for each game, casting further doubt on the future of much ever coming out on Xbone's backwards compatibility initiative,
simply due to the apparent effort that is being exerted to get each game a decent emulator.
Now, that's entirely possible that the coming OS update for the Xbone will have an emulator. Okay, it's going way into it, okay.
Okay, complaint, complaint, complaint. Okay, I'm really not trying to be...
It's long your editing, it's fine.
I'm trying not to be rude about it.
Okay, so I'll just skip down to the last.
If you're buying the collection for the games that haven't been seen Xbox 360 released before, then you'll likely have a good time.
If you're buying the game for the games that have seen 360 released before, you're better off dusting your 360 off and playing those games there,
unless, of course, you're among the very elite who can afford and have access to Google Fiber or similar highly expensive internet speeds,
at least if the emulator issue isn't resolved soon.
And that has been today's warning from the Office of the OLR Minister of Unpopular Opinions. Have a great day.
Regards, Ross Steel UT.
Actually, I don't know who gave you that title, Ross Steel UT, but it should actually be the OLR Minister of Long and Unpopular Opinions.
Just, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Well, you know, he goes into the missing games, which...
Which we talked about a little bit earlier in the show, and then I did notice the complaint about, like, Conker's Bad Fur Day and Grabbed by the Ghoulies.
I guess they did something a little different there, and to be honest, I haven't really dipped into both those games yet, so I didn't catch the same thing.
But I guess they did the N64 version of Conker's Bad Fur Day for some reason, but then they did the Xbox version of Grabbed by the fucking Ghoulies.
He says he was not a fan of that, so, interesting.
Thank you for the paraphrasing for me, because my...
I'm trying, I'm hoping I didn't screw that up, but seeing as I haven't played either of those games yet, I may be fucking up his opinions, I apologize.
And I, sometimes, I mean, actually more often than not, I tend to agree with some of his stuff.
I mean, I haven't played the game, so I can't make a judgement on it, and I'm probably not gonna get it, because, honestly, I think I own all of those games.
On their original consoles.
Well, a Spectrum, though, but yeah, I mean, you're not gonna go back and collect Spectrum.
There's other emulators for the Spectrum.
You know what? Sometimes you have to hear unpopular opinions, and I think that's one thing I want this show to bring.
But it works both ways, too, is that, you know, I want the people, like, and I'm just picking on RustyOuT, because he happens to be the current emailer.
I want him to be able to hear the other side as well.
So I think as long as we can have a respectful, underlined, italicized, bolded dialogue about, you know, things that we like and we don't like, and, you know, have a...
I think that's a great thing that we can do on this show, is make people think differently. Put ourselves in other people's shoes for a little while.
Even if it doesn't change your opinion, at least respecting that another opinion exists and is just as valid.
Yes.
And keep in mind...
And sometimes it can strengthen your own opinion to understand why another person thinks the way they do.
And keep in mind, don't confuse opinion for fact.
And I actually don't think anything he's saying in this email is actually unpopular.
I've heard a lot of people complaining about the Xbox 360 load times and some of the other stuff with the game.
And to be honest, I felt the same way, so...
Yeah, we're probably not getting it. Like I said, we've got most of the games. There's no point.
Yep.
Okay, well, regardless, it is time, after the email bag, to get into our FUs of the week.
Here we go.
Dark Sakura.
FU to the weekend being too damn short.
And me for sleeping most of it.
That's it.
Loki.
FU to my wife and kids for...
Well, mainly my wife for yesterday when the kids went to sleep.
She takes a nap on the couch and took up the entire couch.
So I couldn't nap on the couch, so I ended up just because I was exhausted laying on the floor.
Well, the floor is cement.
And so now my back has been fucking hurting for the last two days because I was laying on that hard fucking floor.
I would have slept in our bedroom, but the baby wasn't yet asleep yet.
So I had to wait for him to go to sleep before I could go in there.
And I was too tired for that.
And FU having to work on Saturdays until the other day.
That's going to be a tough change, but like I said before the show, having the weekday off for appointments.
And working until 7 o'clock at night.
That's weird too because I'm used to going in at 7 or 8 and it's going to be like 10 or 30.
But that means you can stay up until 3 AM and it's justified.
No, I still have to wake up early to get the kids off from school.
No.
So no it's not.
But I get a little bit... I'm easy to work I guess.
Alright.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that I cannot get over the mental block that change is scary.
Because you know, change usually ends up a good thing.
If you do the same thing every single day for your life, you're always going to get the same end result.
So change kind of has to happen.
But yet, all that being said, I still...
There's still a big part of me that is very nervous about a big change that's happening very soon.
And so of course I'm a little scared about that.
But it'll all work out kids.
It'll all work out.
Alright.
Let's get to a couple more stories.
And then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And our user name on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
Alan Alchemy in chat says,
Stop vague blogging.
This isn't Facebook.
Hey, you know what?
It isn't Facebook.
It's OLR.
The vagueness is sometimes even worse on this show.
You must be new here.
Alright.
Let's get to a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the Skype line.
Loki.
So, take note Nintendo and Sony.
This is how you should really do your pre-order bonuses and stuff like that for games.
Just Cause 3.
If you happen to order that on the Xbox One,
you also get a backwards compatible version of Just Cause 2 on the Xbox 360 to play as well.
I think that's pretty awesome.
And, of course, Just Cause 3 is coming out December 1st on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
But you'll only be able to get that free game on the Xbox One version.
Now, I want to say this isn't the first game they're doing this with, too.
They had, I think...
There were some other ones, too.
Among that, of course, would be Gears of War.
The Gears of War Ultimate Edition, which is actually coming out in a couple weeks here.
If you do happen to purchase that game, you'll get access to Gears of War,
Gears of War 2, Gears of War 3, and Gears of War Judgment all for free via backwards compatibility.
So, the Ultimate Edition, that'll be coming out August 25th.
And then you're going to have that offer until the end of 2015.
This seems like a very interesting trend, where buy the game and get the old game free.
Yeah, now...
Maybe that's how they enhanced the digital...
However, with at least this version of it, that's not necessarily...
Not the same with Just Cause, but in this one, you don't actually get those games for free.
You get them for free until the end of the year.
And then they're not free anymore.
Oh, interesting. It's a way to raise hype, I guess.
All they want you to do, they want you to push A and pre-order digitally.
And if they have to throw games at you to do it, that's what they're going to do.
Old games to get you to press A.
Well, I liked how they did it with the PlayStation versions of...
For example, Call of Duty Advanced Warfare did this, where you had your PlayStation 4 version.
You got the other version for free. It was cross-buy.
And I thought that was awesome, because my friends don't have that version of the game.
And thankfully, my PlayStation 4 had broken.
And so I was still able to play a version of the game while it was being fixed.
And that was awesome that they offered that.
And I think more they should do that.
Especially Nintendo! Hello! You have all these fucking virtual console games!
Start throwing that shit in like crazy!
Give it away like pear candy!
You buy the Wii U, guess what? You get 20 virtual console games.
I mean, that would totally sweeten the deal, I think, for a lot of people.
That's what they did with the 3DS, remember?
Yeah, do that again!
It's not helping that you have one game that released a few weeks ago,
and then the next game's not releasing for a few weeks from now.
Fucking fill in that shit in the middle.
Alright, AndyScout in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com points out,
Sword Art Online, Lost Song does it too.
If you pre-order on PlayStation 4, you get re-Holo Fragment free.
So, I think you'll be seeing that a lot more with sequels and series,
where the old stuff is bundled in to get you to buy the new stuff.
Anyhow, just a couple other quick little tidbits here before we open up the Skype line.
One of them about Rare Replay, because it's kind of all the rage this week.
Rare has announced that they are teaming up with iam8bit,
and they're going to be releasing limited edition vinyls for some of their classic titles.
It's in vinyl records, so that's pretty rad.
These soundtracks will be around $25 to $35,
and you can see there's some for Perfect Dark and Battletoads and Banjo-Kazooie.
So that's pretty rad, especially if you're into vinyl collecting,
and especially some of the art that goes with those vinyls.
I think you might be interested in this, so very cool.
And lastly, speaking of music,
Nintendo will be releasing a Super Mario 30th Anniversary soundtrack.
It's for Japan, but it will be coming out on September 30th,
and thanks to the internet, I'm sure once it comes out in Japan,
it's going to be on piracy websites anywhere.
Not that I'm saying that's okay, but you would think they would just bundle this in with pre-orders of Super Mario Maker.
But I digress. 3,240 yen, two discs full of classic songs,
from Super Mario Bros., 2, 3, Land, World, USA, as they call it in Japan,
which was our Mario Bros. 2,
Super Mario Land 2, 6 Golden Coins, 64, Sunshine, Galaxy, New on the Wii,
Galaxy 2, 3D Land, New 2, New You, Mario 3D World, and Mario Maker, the bonus track.
So much Mario. You probably know all the songs by heart already,
but there you go. You have a soundtrack to blast in your car, if you so desire.
Anyhow, that is it. We are to the end of the show,
and this is the part where we open it up for your feedback.
If you want to talk about anything you've heard on the show tonight,
or maybe something you haven't heard, or you just want to say,
hey, at least talk to us about something gaming, give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
The Skype line is open now, and it's lighting up.
We're already getting calls. This is crazy.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, guys. It's Jason.
Hey, Jason. How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Great. Great to hear from you. What's up?
I need to talk about a rare replay game that nobody else has mentioned tonight, as far as I'm aware.
It's kind of right in the middle, but it's been one of my, I would openly call it obsession,
but it's been one of my favorites since the first time I played it back in 97, and that would be Blast Corps.
I was trying to think which one of them is from 97.
It's got to be one of the later games.
Definitely one of the N64 games, and it's really interesting,
because I never had an N64, and Blast Corps is one of those games that just doesn't emulate well.
For about a year, a buddy of mine runs stores in New Mexico, Albuquerque and Rio Rancho,
that does mostly game trade-ins on a lot of classic games,
but still gets his own fair share of shipments of new games and that kind of stuff.
It's a game store, period.
Great guy. I've known him for, wow, if not two decades now,
pretty damn close to it, even though I never went to school with him or anything like that.
But I've been talking to him for a while and various other friends,
and I've been planning on getting an N64 for a while.
I never had one when I was younger, so any time I played it, I was either renting it from Blockbuster,
borrowing it from a friend, or just over at a friend's house and playing it.
Something really interesting when I've been talking to people about Rare Replay and Blast Corps
is there was a question earlier about whether or not frame rate bugs were fixed.
You made the comment about if there was a 360 release and it's a 360 version.
There was a bug in Blast Corps where you could...
I don't know the specific details, so it's kind of hard to explain it,
but Blast Corps has a mechanic that there are multiple vehicles in the level,
so you can get out of a vehicle, get into another one, that kind of thing.
It's a puzzle element, so on and so forth.
There was a bug where if you just held down the leave button, the disembark button,
that it would overwhelm the game's engine or something like that,
and it would just destroy the building in front of you after about five seconds or something like that
after just holding down the button.
I've never legitimately beaten that game until Rare Replay,
until I actually streamed the vast majority of it over this week when I saw it,
and I was jumping up and down and flipping out because there are certain levels in that game
that are fucking difficult, and I was so happy to have cleared it.
But I assume just because of the speed of the N64, the frame rate issues that are suffered,
how many calculations happen in the game even when nothing is being drawn?
I need to find a better way to explain this.
Do you remember the old DDR glitch that let people access the hidden challenge charts
for Last Message, Blue Impulse, Love Shine, and the fourth one I can't remember?
Yeah, so long ago, yeah, yeah.
The trick where you would go, you would rig the popular courses and switch between,
I think it was Naoki standard and popular one.
It's a similar kind of thing, and if you listen to any speedruns,
if you watch speedrun streams or listen to speedrunners talk about the details,
I can only assume that it has something to do with the rendering power of the N64
and the slowdown that happens when there's this input calculation physics massacre
compared to the Xbox One that can emulate it more reliably,
that building destruction spam trick doesn't work anymore.
So in my classic fashion, I get to this one towards the last level of the game.
I get through a very obnoxiously long, like 15, 20-minute level.
I get to the very end of it, and I didn't actually know how to beat the level legitimately,
so I just fell back on my old spam the exit button trick,
and I do that for like 30 seconds and nothing happens.
So I'm sitting here. This is streamed. It should be in my past broadcast
if anybody wants to look it up on Twitch.
I'm just standing there with this unable to leave the vehicle sound playing repeatedly
over and over and over and over, and so I finally have to give up
and replay the level a couple times to figure out how to actually do it legitimately.
The long story short of this game is that Blast Corps is amazing,
and I'm working through the rest of Rare Replay because I have played very, very few of those games,
but Blast Corps is a game I have been dying to own, like I said, since 97 or 98,
whenever it originally came out, and now I do, and it's more faithful.
It's forced me to actually be able to play the game legitimately, and it is so much fun.
Thank God. I've already decimated the game, but I had such a fun time doing it.
That's so interesting that they fixed the bug like that, because that makes me think like,
what if they were to release, let's say, Blaster Master, which, God, I'd love to see that come back,
but then they fixed the bug where pausing will no longer kill the bosses in an instant, right?
Remember that trick where you would pause the boss and the grenade would just fire over and over again?
You could kill the boss super easy that way? What if they got rid of that?
We would all be screwed, because that game was hard to begin with.
So, I mean, this is funny, because when you're talking about this bug in Blast Corps,
that's the scene that's running through my mind, is like, what if they took out the pause glitch?
Because there are certain glitches in old games. We've been talking a little bit about old games and glitches.
There are certain ones that we all did as kids. Not really a glitch, but very few people can get through Contra
without some up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA, start. Same thing with Gradius, right?
Absolutely.
Anyway, it's just funny. Like, what if they got rid of that? We'd be hosed.
And I don't think they explicitly fixed it. I think it's just a quirk of emulation
and just what the difference in hardware and software rendering is.
And the comment especially about the frame rate issues, Blast Corps was a pretty intensive game,
because it was all about a vehicle running into buildings, sometimes like pushing TNT into it, what have you.
But it was all about physics and collisions in an N64 game and explosions and everything else.
So there was a lot of calculation and madness and that kind of stuff going on.
And if I vaguely recall slowdowns playing it on the N64 back in the day, I would not be at all surprised.
I would just be willing to wager that I definitely came across them.
But it played stunningly on the Xbox One. It was such a grand and smooth and clean experience.
And I really just got to enjoy the game all over again in my hands-on my time from start to finish.
It is so weird seeing these old-ass games really cleaned up for HDTV and high refresh rate
and the HDMI cables and things that just weren't a factor in the 80s and 90s.
And I'm pretty curious. Banjo-Kazooie is on my shortlist as well. I played a fair amount of that as well.
And I'm kind of curious. I don't think I'm any bit motion sick. I don't get any kind of motion sickness.
But I'm pretty curious to see the difference in camera interactivity like you were talking about as well.
Yeah, neither do I. And that game was like setting something off.
So anyway, Jason, I gotta let you go so we can fit in some more calls.
But thank you so much for the call.
Of course.
Great to hear about. Take care, my friend.
You too.
There it is. Orange Lounge Radio. Jason, the voice of the show. If you listen to the intro carefully, you hear Jason.
If you check in to the show, you know, those of you who listen to the podcast feed, you hear that little do-do-do-do-do-do.
If you want to check in, use this passphrase at vognetwork.com. Jason does that as well.
And you should check in. Get your VoG network points. Participate with the show already.
All right. It is lighting up on the phone lines. I gotta get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, everyone? It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma. Good to hear from you, buddy. How you doing?
Good to hear from all of y'all.
What's that?
It's good to hear from all of y'all.
Yeah. I mean, we missed you. You weren't here for the early show last week, right? Because we were in a winter time.
No. I was doing a Love Live school idol project photo shoot when I got back.
I'm listening and I'm making comments in the chat. I'm like, wait a minute. This was pre-recorded already.
I know. And you know what? I forgot to run chat last week during the show.
I should ask Darktitsou here, somebody that was probably here, to send me a chat log, see if there's any really good comments during last week's show.
I usually try to run it. I forgot last week.
I can hook you up with that.
Yes. Nice. Appreciate it. So, what's in your mind tonight?
Well, I wanted to call in and talk briefly about International Sailor Moon Day, if I can.
I was gonna ask you about it anyway at the end of the call, so why not? Yeah, let's talk about it. What's going on on the stream Saturday?
Well, let me give you a brief, a quick history. We started this about, I'd say, two years ago about the announcing of Sailor Moon Crystal.
And we have a large Sailor Moon cosplay, non-cosplay fan group here in New York City, so we decided to do something to celebrate that.
It was originally held by another group, which had the event, and then they were not able to do it last year.
So, Sailor Moon Meetup decided to go ahead and do this, and we did this at a local studio, and we were streaming it online.
Pretty much, we were talking to people such as Ms. Dream, who does fan scanlations of the manga and translations of the various Sara Miu musicals online.
And there is a local group, I forget their name, they're based out of the area, they do Sailor Moon slash K-pop style videos and dance routines.
Fun. Yeah. So, this year we decided, you know, let's do it again and do things slightly different.
So, part of this is that we're celebrating, like, the resurgence of Sailor Moon, as well as, if you notice, there are other classic animes that are making a big comeback in recent years.
That is very true. Well, now, and I noticed when I was looking this up on Facebook, trying to get some more information on it, I noticed that there is, like, international Sailor Moon stuff all over.
Like, they're doing something in San Francisco. This is not a New York-centric thing. It's everywhere.
It started out in a New York event, and then there were other people that said they wanted to hold their own event.
So, we have people across the country, around the world, that are having their own versions of International Sailor Moon Day.
Some of them are doing, like, a Skype get-together. Some of them are actually having events in their local cities.
That's fun. Are you going to dress up?
I am staffed, so most likely that's not going to happen, but I will most likely be wearing my Artemis hat.
That's awesome. You know, I know we're not the anime show on the network. You guys are. We're the video game show.
But, you know, fandom, those lines blur a lot, and there's a lot of people who are into games who are into these other things.
And certainly, I have a lot of Twitter followers who love their Sailor Moon.
I can't profess personally to following it very closely, but I have seen some of the old 90s anime, and it is awesome.
I'm a big fan of Tuxedo Mask, so...
Who does the least amount of work out of all of them at all together?
I know, I know. But, you know, can't help it.
He one-time cosplayed Santa Claus.
So, you're streaming from one of the live events with all these routines and things and tribute performances.
This year, what we're doing is we're going to have different guests who have been part of the Sailor Moon community from, like,
scanlations, cosplay, performances. We're going to have that.
We're also going to do a Sailor Moon-themed match game.
Oh, my favorite!
Yep, karaoke contests. We're going to have the Jubon Fashion Show, which is pretty much everybody in cosplay gets up on the stage and strut their stuff.
And we're going to have a special guest.
Oh, are you going to tell us who it is? We've got to wait.
Absolutely. You might not know the name, but you'll know the commercials that she has done.
She's sang various songs for the English version of Sailor Moon. Her name is Jennifer Sehe.
Now, the name may not sound familiar, but do you remember Hot Pockets commercials?
She sings the Hot Pockets song?
She does the Hot Pockets? That's her.
With all due respect, Rama, you know I'm a fan of things that you're a fan of. With all due respect, that's a way bigger deal than Sailor Moon.
You want to know something? A bunch of people are like, wait a minute, that's her? That's her?
What are you going to eat? Hot Pockets. Oh, my God, it's the Hot Pockets lady.
Why don't I just change the banner on the site to a giant Hot Pocket?
See, if you're going to do that, it's got to show Usagi eating a Hot Pocket because that's the only way it would work.
Get me the picture and I'll make it happen. The whole chat is lighting up. Hot Pockets!
No, we do need a new intro for the show. That would be an amazing...
SSJ100 Man Chat says, come for the Sailor Moon, but stay for the Hot Pockets jingle. That is amazing.
So she's going to be on your stream. We're going to have the Hot Pockets lady on VoG?
Yes, she will be coming via Skype online and you'll be seeing her as part of the livestream.
Oh, my God, we're going to have the Hot Pockets lady on VoG. We are huge, you guys. So excited.
We made it.
All laughing and silliness aside because I think this is amazing, but that's so awesome, the Sailor Moon fandom and everything you guys are doing.
So glad we could be a part of it. Just a quick programming note because I know some people may be curious
because you guys are going to be on at the same time the Critical Myth marathon is usually on.
Critical Myth actually ends up coincidentally having the week off, so there's no new shows to air on Saturday anyway.
We will still rerun their reruns. We're going to do reruns of the reruns on Sunday instead at 9 a.m.
So if you usually listen to the Critical Myth marathon, we're going to see this once in a year Sailor Moon event happening
and then Critical Myth will be on Sunday, which, by the way, speaking of those boys over at Critical Myth,
I mean, they're taking a lot of weeks off right now because it's summer programming anyway.
There's not as much to talk about during the summer, but they are hitting episode 600.
Now, granted, they do three shows a week, so it's a little different. It didn't take them as long to get there as it did us,
but it's still a huge accomplishment. So they're going to hit episode 600 on the Monday when they return.
So there you go.
Amazing.
Amazing. So International Sailor Moon Day this Saturday, 12 to 5 Eastern. Check it out.
Transform into a giant Hot Pocket with us here at VOG.
Form of Hot Pocket.
All right. Rama, thanks so much for the call, and good luck on Saturday.
Hey, no problem. All right. Before I go, Rama, I just want to say one thing.
I meant to say it before. You talked about doing cosplay at Dragon Con. I just want to say...
Oh, it's happening.
It's awesome. And to answer your questions before, as long as you give credit to whoever you got it commissioned from or whatever, nobody's going to care.
All right. Awesome. Yeah. I gave her a shout on Twitter. My good friend Victoria, she goes by VicKnives on Twitter.
She's putting it all together. We did the shopping. We shopped for the material this week, and I've seen her sketches and everything,
and we did the fitting. Well, I'm sorry. We did the measurements, and then the fitting comes out.
So what is it? What's your costume?
Well, I was going to keep it a secret.
All right. That's fine. No, that's cool.
No, it's the worst kept secret ever. I put the sketches on Twitter. I'm going to do Joker from Mass Effect 3.
I helped.
Yes, you did, because Dark Sakura actually started the whole thing. She gave me a hat, a gamer X.
She gave me her old SR2 hat, which is the perfect...
My unworn SR2 hat.
But it's the perfect Joker from Mass Effect 3, so we went out and bought the stuff it's going to take to make the top and everything.
I'm really excited about it.
I need to talk to you about what your friend's charging you.
Yeah, we'll talk about that. So, yeah, she's great. So, yes, full credit. I would not try to take credit for the costume myself.
I've decided I want to do a Grey Warden mage for gamer X.
Oh, and I will. Yeah, and that's the great thing is that I can reuse this costume.
I will definitely use it at gamer X as well for those of you that are going to be there in December.
And trying to firm up the plans for MAGFest. Tickets and hotel aren't available for MAGFest yet, because it's still like six months out.
Still waiting. Normally by now, with both conventions, hotel information is already up, so I'm just like waiting, you know?
Yeah, I think a lot of people are, but I will say that is definitely in my plan.
And I can't imagine people don't do cosplay at MAGFest, so assuming I can get away with...
Oh, trust me.
Yeah, I'll do cosplay there too.
Well, I think I told Jamie this, but me and a friend, GBT for cosplay, we are putting together a rival school's cosplay group for MAGFest.
Oh my god. That's going to be awesome.
You didn't mention this to me, but that's cool.
Wait, you're going to be at MAGFest too?
Yeah, I'm shooting, even though Catsicon's the weekend before, I'm trying to do both, because two of my favorite cosplay friends are coming from the Midwest for Catsicon.
And your very favorite sassy gay friend is coming out from the West Coast for it, so I think that's a good reason.
Well, yeah, I'm trying to do both. If they don't come from Katsu, I'm skipping Katsu, you'll see me at MAGFest.
You'll probably see me passed out, drunk as Luigi, in front of the Ninja Turtle machine with a 40 in my hand.
Alright, sounds good. Just look for the drunken joker that's clinging to a Burger Time machine.
You got it, dude.
Alright, take care of my friend. We've got to let you go to get more calls.
Awesome. No problem. Okay.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Quickly, I want to make sure Loki has a minute to get in some last minute stories here while I wait on another call to come in.
I don't know if you have anything to share with us, Loki.
No, sadly I don't, and I've been looking.
What?
I've been looking, there's just nothing.
I guess we had such a busy show in other parts.
Killer7's celebrating 10 years, like two months ago, so there's that.
There's that. Oh my god, there's like 17 million calls coming in right now.
Did you know that this is the 35th anniversary of Xanadu?
Nope.
I did not.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Ah, you're breaking up. Oh no.
My internet connection bad?
No, we can hear you just fine if you can hear us. Who's this?
This is Andy.
Andy, what's up?
He's on the chat, or AndyR on Twitter, or on Facebook.
I don't, I hear your name a lot, obviously, on Facebook and so forth.
I don't think I've ever heard you on the show. Is this your first call?
Yeah, I usually listen to the podcast, so.
Well, welcome.
And I see you brought your bird friend, he's on video, so I can actually see him and we're looking at his studio.
Aww, pretty birdie.
Little birdie Fran. What's birdie's name?
Yeah, she's been listening to the show with me.
Well, I hope she doesn't start repeating what Loki says.
So, what's on your mind, buddy?
Just calling to say hi and thank you for the podcast all the time, and yeah.
Thank you for listening all the time. We appreciate it. What kind of games do you play?
I work week, so.
Do you listen to us on your commute usually, or at work?
At work, at my desk.
Gotcha. Awesome. What kind of games are you playing right now?
A whole lot of Vita, actually.
Really? It's nice to hear some Vita love out there, because it sure seems like everybody in the U.S. forgot about the Vita.
So, what are you playing on Vita?
Well, I guess they're all Japanese games, so maybe the U.S. did forget about it.
But I imported three rhythm games for it recently and I've been playing those.
Let me guess. Tycoon no Tatujin's got to be one, because that just came out.
Yep.
Let me think. Probably one of the Hatsune Miku knockoffs.
Yes, I.A.V.T. Colorful. It's another one of the Vocaloid games.
Yes, we had a story on that a couple weeks ago, I remember. So, yeah. And then what else?
Persona.
Oh, Persona Dancing All Night. Of course. Of course. How are you enjoying?
Which, if you had to rank the three, Sophie's Choice, if you had to rank the three, which one's your favorite?
I only just got Colorful, like, two days ago, but that might be that one.
Really? Okay. Interesting. Usually, a lot of fans of Persona that I know are, like, rabid foaming at the mouth.
But maybe that's just hanging out with Shane too much, because he's kind of like that.
I absolutely love Persona Dancing. My biggest issue is it's only got 27 songs.
And, like, seven of them are remixes of songs that are already in the game.
So, I kind of plat in the game in, like, ten hours.
Okay. All right. Well, that makes sense. I can see where that string is.
It's a good game, though. And if I could get the DLC on my Vita, then that would probably make it better.
Awesome. Well, that's cool. I'm glad to see the Vita getting a little love.
And this is why systems should be region-free. So, I love that. I love that.
Well, Andy, thanks so much for listening to the show. Really appreciate it.
And glad you could get in and say hello and introduce us to your bird.
Yep.
All right. Well, take care, my friend. I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls.
All right. Sounds good.
All right. Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
I should have also mentioned that Andy R. was wearing a Giants shirt. So, clearly a fan of the correct team.
I want a bird, but Midna won't let me.
All right. 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
AkumaJP in chat saying, every time I hear Hot Pockets, my brain goes non-compute.
Okay. The phones are lighting up. Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
I must be one crazy motherfucker because it's nearly 5 a.m. for me.
Oh, my God. This is Obi Wan Jabroni.
Obi Wan Jabroni. And I was going to say, where you're at, you're like, oh, my God.
5 a.m.
I love your icon.
I'll be saying daylight soon, actually.
Wow. You are dedicated.
You guys can hear me okay, right?
Oh, yeah. You sound great.
We're checking out your Skype icon where you have the little PlayStation, keep calm and defeat Psycho Mantis.
Love it.
Yeah, Dark Sakura mentioned that last time, but yeah, I'm calling you from bed. Holy shit.
Wait a minute. Are we all in bed with you right now?
Yes.
I'm not in a bed, but I am reclining.
But we're in bed with Obi Wan Jabroni.
I'm lounging.
Lounging in bed, all three of you, all four of us in bed.
Is there a soft duvet?
There is. There is a memory foam mattress, pillows, and a duvet.
Squish.
I only want listeners to call us from bed.
You know, we can do some.
SSG 100 Man Chat says someone's got top bunk.
Oh, you crazy kids.
All right. Well, what did you, what, you stayed?
Well, first off, we did the early show last week.
I know. I'm making up for this.
All right.
I've been, I've been drinking. That's why.
Oh, great.
That's why I'm up.
Great. He's calling us in bed and drunk.
So, what's the beverage of the evening?
Budweiser.
Budweiser.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Well, I'm sorry to hear.
It's from a bottle though.
All right. Well, it's a little better.
All right. What's on your mind tonight, my friend?
What did you stay up late for?
I always stay up late to listen to this show.
I'm crazy.
Listen, if I, if I fall asleep during the show, which happens probably about 80% of the time,
I'll listen back to the podcast.
I'm dedicated to this.
I appreciate that. I mean, you, you listeners that are so dedicated to this show are so-
And I'm always in the comments.
You always see, you always see me post some sarcastic shit in the comments.
So-
I read all the comments. I don't always reply, but I always read them because there's not a lot of them.
So, it's enough to be-
That's cool.
Act Deft in chat, drunk at 5 a.m. on a Monday.
Awesome.
And Embryon in chat saying, oh my God, the total rejection of Budweiser.
Anyway.
So, what's up? What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I wanted to call in and extend the F for you to Capcom because I didn't get into the Street Fighter V beta,
or beta, wherever you live.
The funny thing about that whole thing with us in Europe was we had to fill out a form.
So, we didn't actually have to pre-order the game.
So, we had to fill out some form.
And there was a question on it and it said, how many BPD are Battle Points?
And because I play on Xbox mostly, I have zero on PlayStation.
Oh.
So, maybe- I don't know. Maybe that's because I didn't get in.
No idea.
I would still think-
Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
To accurately test a game, you need people at all levels.
So, you do need some people with zero Battle Points.
You need some people who don't know what the F they're doing.
So, I would actually think that shouldn't solely disqualify you, but that's my thought.
Yeah.
Second thing was, just a PSA on this whole Xbox One thing, the PVR feature.
There's a couple of small points they haven't mentioned.
If you have a hard drive connected because you ran out of storage,
you need to attach a second hard drive because all that stuff lives separately.
It can't live on the hard drive that you plugged in the first one.
You know what I mean?
Interesting, yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder if they're different formats. They're probably formatted differently.
Yeah, because, I mean, Devia hard drives are standard, but I don't know.
They use a different system.
So, you'd have to purchase a separate hard drive as well as the tuner, I guess.
No, that's good to know. I had no idea.
Yeah.
I wonder if you- this is just a crazy thought.
Could you take one hard drive and do two partitions?
I-
I don't know. Just throwing it out there, maybe.
The tech master might be able to- I don't know.
I don't know.
If the tech master could answer that one.
But, no, I have no idea on that one.
But, yeah, you have to purchase two hard drives if one's full and if you've extended it.
It's unfortunate because PlayStation has given us accessible hard drives and Xbox hasn't.
You know?
Right.
And it sucks. It really does.
I wish you could access it and just, you know, put your own hard drive in.
And the Xbox drive fills up fast.
It does.
I think the game installs are just so much bigger.
And I have the terabyte system and it's- I've owned the terabyte system for like a month and it's already up to like 22% full.
Really?
I have my 500 gigabyte PlayStation 4 and I was actually looking at the storage of it.
I still have room and I've been buying everything digitally.
I've filled up the PlayStation 4.
I have finally filled that up.
I think with all of the PlayStation Plus games I've had to go through and actually finally delete some of the PlayStation Plus things that I'm just not playing.
Because I know that at least it's in my library.
I can grab it later.
Yeah.
I mean I use my Xbox one more.
I do have a PS4 as well.
But, you know, I'm not favoring any of the system.
That's my go-to system, the Xbox.
Mine was full and I had to go through-
Because I was downloading the gold games, you know, for every month.
Right.
And those can be huge.
I mean, especially when you get one and then it has to update.
So, you know, there's always that.
So I had to go through it the other day and kind of delete stuff.
And it's kind of- I still think that interface is pretty cumbersome, you know?
Yeah.
I am really looking forward to the redo of the interface.
Especially because I don't have Kinect.
Do you have Kinect?
Because I don't.
And so it's-
Yes.
I got the day one edition.
Oh wow.
I was a sucker.
No, a lot of people were really into it.
And I got FIFA 10, which I'm not a FIFA player.
Which is probably shocking to you guys.
I'm more of a PES person.
So yeah, I got FIFA whatever it was.
FIFA 13, I believe, I think.
So I went through it and I deleted that because I'm not going to play it.
But yeah, the menu system on that is terrible.
I mean, I've unplugged my Kinect, actually, speaking of Kinect.
Wow.
The only feature I used was Xbox User Code.
And I'm sorry if anyone's Xboxes went off there.
But yeah, that's all I used it for.
Yeah, I think I would use it for live streaming and then maybe playing Dance Central a few times.
And that's probably it.
Oh, and the Fantasia game.
I want to check that out too.
That's probably it.
But I've got Rare Replay coming as well.
I'm looking forward to it.
Not looking forward to this whole drama of the installs, though.
That's going to be a nightmare.
You get over it.
It's going to clutter.
See, the thing is, I think a big problem about it is the interface as well.
And so when you take the clunky interface and then you're just suddenly going to blow up your library with ten more games, it's a little bit irritating.
That's the only thing.
That's more going through your shit and deleting crap, isn't it, after you're finished with it.
So a couple more quick things.
Yeah, very quickly because then I've got to let you go so we can get some more calls.
Yeah, sorry, sorry.
That's okay.
I've dragged on.
When's Dan coming back?
I want to talk to Dan about Sega because I know he's a big Sega guy.
When's Dan coming back?
I don't know.
Tell him the fans, fans from their beds, drunken fans in their beds are demanding he return to the show.
Dan says that he likes to come by when no one expects it.
Something like the Spanish Inquisition.
Alright, well there it is.
No one expects it.
There it is.
Dan will be back when you least expect it.
I will keep listening.
Doctor Who, how is the Apple Watch?
I love it.
It reminds me to get off my butt.
I'm waiting for Gen 2 because the one I wanted was like a grand.
I'm not even joking.
You know the space black one and it was black and stainless steel.
That's the one I wanted but it was way too expensive.
I got the space grey aluminum with the black sports band because I have certain problems with steel.
You got the sport one.
I did.
It's been just fine.
It hasn't felt like that weird sweaty band feeling.
The thing I really like best is that I have a bad habit of getting way too wrapped up in what I'm doing.
So I get that little tap on the wrist when it's time to stand up even though I will fuss at my watch and tell it not to tell me what to do.
I like that it tracks my activity.
I can get texts.
I do directions on it when I'm driving.
In fact, this morning that was funny, I was texting my mom but I used my voice to text with my watch.
Dan's like, what?
I'm like, I'm talking to my mom.
It's the whole Dick Tracy thing.
He just sounded so confused.
I've made calls to him from Target.
I am also very curious to see what they do to kind of push it further because Apple does kind of do that a lot with their products.
Where the first one is, okay, it's the first one and here's the new idea.
But then the second one is always, here's how we're going to take it a step further.
Read up about the beta for watchOS 2.0.
It's in beta right now and there's reviews out around it.
You're supposed to have a bunch more local apps.
The reason I'm waiting for Gen 2 is that I'm still on this fence because I got burnt with the iPad 1.
And I still have the iPad 1.
I'm looking at it right now.
That's why I'm kind of like just on that fence, on that Apple fence.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I love Apple.
We should start an Apple show, by the way.
Well, here's the thing.
Well, first off, I'd love to get more nerdy shows.
No.
I'm scared of chat rooms because someone's going to ask me ASL and I'm such a sad person.
No, not in the vog chat room. Not in the vog chat room.
ASL.
I'm such a sarcastic cunt and I'm sorry to say that word.
But I'm going to reply after sex leave because that's the kind of asshole I am.
Send me an email to participate at orangeandradio.com
and I will send you my actual email and we will have a talk.
All right.
They're going to talk while Obi-Wan and Jabroni is done.
We're going to have a pillow talk.
About watches.
We should get me, you, and the smooth-talking Jason.
There you go.
He's got a dream line up in his head.
All right, Obi-Wan, Jabroni, I've got to let you go, but have a good night.
Thank you so much for calling and staying up late. I appreciate it.
Hey, no problem. Take care.
I'll start my Nintendo podcast.
I can't wait for that.
You know what? I know it's 9 o'clock, but dang it.
Let's try to squeeze in one more call.
1-877-GAMO-L-R, our username on Skype, orange loungerio.
Just because it's been lighting up tonight and there it goes again.
You guys, some weeks we get no calls and then some weeks it just floods.
So I'm loving it.
Thank you guys for blowing up our phones tonight.
We've got another call on the line, though. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, Rob. It's Embryon.
Hey, Embryon. How you doing?
I am super great.
This is your first time calling into the show, isn't it?
It is.
All of a sudden we have all these longtime listeners, first time caller.
Well, how you doing?
I'm super well.
I'm enjoying some wine and I'm playing Mother 3 for the second time,
but I've never actually beaten it before, so it's all kind of fresh still for me.
So I'm enjoying that and listening to the show.
And I couldn't very well let Obi-Wan be the only person to call in who had been drinking.
I was going to say, what is the theme tonight with people there drinking and listening to OLR?
Are you in bed?
Maybe.
I would do this show drunk every day if I could.
I mean, let's see. I think my mic reached it far enough.
I mean, can you still hear me from bed?
Yes, we can. There it is.
It's official. There is a second phone call from bed. I love it.
Very temporarily from bed.
Mother 3. Why Mother 3 of all the games to attack?
Because it's fantastic.
I live in Tucson, Arizona, and recently we had Camp Fangamer,
which was a little Earthbound convention.
I remember talking about that on the show, and I went,
how adorable is that? Because it's Tucson.
Yeah, I know, right?
That is so cute.
So I went to that a few weeks ago when it happened, and it was super cool.
And I've always been an Earthbound fan.
I have a Starman tattoo on my chest.
And so it kind of reinvigorated my excitement for the series.
And since I had never beaten Mother 3, I figured,
now is the time right before the college semester starts.
I'm going to my last semester, so I'm going to be super swamped,
and I wanted to actually just get into it and dig deep.
So there I am right now, and yeah, it's been great so far.
Wow, Andy in chat saying, apparently Arizona is a theme too.
I called from Phoenix.
Oh, okay.
I had no idea.
Hello. Sorry you live in Phoenix. It's terrible.
I've been to Phoenix. It's a hot ass mess.
I can say that. It's a hot ass mess.
It is a hot ass mess. Tucson's not that much better.
But I went to the, oh my God, why can't I remember his name all of a sudden?
Alice Cooper. I went to his restaurant. That was pretty awesome.
Okay.
Anyway, what was I going to say?
Oh, now I want to make sure you get a chance to plug your stuff,
because our listeners may not know, but you do your own show,
and I want to make sure you get your shout out here.
So tell us a little bit about the show that you do.
Well, that's not why I called, Rob. Come on.
I know, but I want to make sure you get your shout out.
Okay, well, that's very nice of you.
I write and podcast for rpgfan.com, so we run a couple of podcasts,
and the primary one is Random Encounter.
It's on iTunes, and we have an RSS feed, and it's all there.
It's a video game talk show, obviously, focusing on RPGs.
We just talk about news and what we've been playing and blah, blah, blah.
And if you're a big video game music fan like I am,
we also run Rhythm Encounter, which is like a video game music show.
And most recently, Retro Encounter started up, which is like a video game book club.
So if you want to listen to people talk about RPGs,
then we have many options for you.
It sounds like you have a competing network going on.
No, I'm just kidding. I think that's great.
I'm all about supporting the indie podcast.
Well, the reason why I want to make sure you plug that
and knowing that you do the work with rpgfan is because
then I could ask you this question,
and maybe you can speak with a little bit of authority
because you've at least been following these games for forever and so forth.
But why do you think Nintendo is so effing stubborn
about bringing Mother 3 out to America?
My God, I don't know!
I wish they'd just licensed the fan translation already.
I mean, obviously they're aware that the demand is there, right?
Because they just released Earthbound Beginnings on Virtual Console
and they continue to work with Sakurai to put Earthbound characters into Smash.
I wish I had a good answer for you.
I don't have any kind of super insider info.
I just think they're being stubborn as shit for no reason.
And it's about time they do something about it.
It is one of the most frustrating things in gaming,
but then at least at E3 they threw us a frickin' bone with the Earthbound Zero
and I was like, this is leading up to something.
Right, exactly. I was like, okay, here it comes.
Here's the real announcement, it's on the way.
It's Lucas in Smash Brothers is the thing they're ramping up to, I don't know.
And that also could be its own lead-in, but I don't know.
I don't know.
Was there something else you wanted to call in and talk about tonight?
No, I just wanted to say hi.
I thought I heard you hinting in another topic. Well, that's all right.
I appreciate the phone call nonetheless and being able to talk about Earthbound.
I love Earthbound as well, but I'm going to tell you a secret.
I have never played Mother 3.
I mean, I'm not that far behind you.
I got about halfway through it last time I tried it and that was, I don't know, five years ago.
So, it's okay, Rob. You can still do it.
Okay, I'm glad I could vent that and not be judged for it.
I'm glad this is a safe space.
But time is running short because if you haven't played it within the next six months, I'm going to judge you.
All right, I'll work on it. I promise.
Okay.
All right. Well, thank you so much, Embryon, for the phone call.
I really appreciate it and good luck with everything on your own show.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Hey, you're welcome. Anytime. Take care, buddy.
You too.
All right, bye.
All right, sadly, I'm going to shut the Skype line down at this time
and I know there are still people trying to get through.
There's multiple people still trying to get through.
Please consider sending the show an e-mail.
Participate at orangewonstrategy.com or a tweet.
Or you can always go to our forums at thevognetwork.com and click on forums
and you can still participate with the show.
You can leave a comment on a past episode of the show.
Whatever. Send smoke signals.
We'll get you on the show one way or another.
But for now, it is well after midnight on the East Coast, after 9 p.m. on the West Coast,
so we have to start to wrap up the show tonight.
So, before I go around and get everybody's final thoughts,
we did run out of last minute stories, right, Loki? We're good?
Yes, and I've been watching videos of Grand Theft Auto 5.
Oh, good times. Good times.
Well, before we wrap up, for realsies, we've got to go around
and get everybody's final thought for the night.
But I do want to say, of course, as always,
thank you so much for downloading our show or listening live
or however you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio.
Just thanks for being here for the past three hours,
two and a half, maybe, on the podcast feed,
to listen and participate with our show. We really appreciate it.
We don't ask for your money. All we ask, help spread the word about the show.
Tell a friend or five about the show because word of mouth
is all we have here at Orange Lounge Radio,
and that's the only way our show grows is for you to tell a friend.
If you didn't like Orange Lounge Radio, well, you still made it to the end of the show,
so I'm hoping there's something you liked about it.
But I always say, even if you didn't like OLR, support indie broadcasting.
You heard our buddy there from RPG Fan. Maybe you'd like one of their podcasts.
Maybe you'd like one of the other podcasts on the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, or just something out there.
Just support hard-working, independent broadcasters
because there's so many people out there who don't get paid to do this,
who also don't get advertised on big podcasting networks and stuff
because they don't have money, so I really appreciate your support.
So go find, and you heard some shout-outs in an e-mail there as well,
so lots of suggestions for you guys this week.
So, all right, all that being said, now it is time to go around
and get everybody's final thought for the night.
And I guess I'll start tonight. I don't usually go first.
So my final thought tonight is...
Ahh! Ahh!
Darsakra, your final thought tonight?
I really like cheese.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, I need to work more on my game this week.
Yes, you do.
And if anybody out there makes logos, I know, I know you do.
I know I need to send you information, Jamie.
But anybody else out there too, you know, I need one for my game,
for my company that I haven't formed yet, but I will,
because I have a website already that's been sitting there for, like, six months.
All right, Loki, get on that. I'm excited to play your game.
You know, I still have a couple more VoG Jam games to play,
and I'm hoping for the very last one, I could do, like, the quote-unquote
world premiere, even though you've already premiered it on your own YouTube channel.
But that doesn't stop other websites from saying exclusive and premiere,
so I'm going to use that word here at VoG Network to show your stinking VoG Jam game already.
All right.
So I'm excited.
All right, well, that is going to do it for another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back next week to talk about whatever should happen in the gaming world
in the next seven days in whatever games you're playing.
Have a great time playing video games out there.
Remember, treat each other with respect online, for God's sake.
Don't be rude to people.
And that's it.
Maybe I'll see you on the battlefield in Splatoon,
because I've got to level my character up so I can join a squad.
So I think that's on my to-do list for the week.
So have a great week, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VoGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoGnetwork,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
