This week Summer Games Done Quick has come and gone and congratulations to the group
for raising $1.2 million dollars benefitting Doctors Without Borders.
There's plenty more to talk about in the week's news and it all starts right now
in the show where every gamer has a voice.
The DarkSakura Show is brought to you by DarkSakura Productions.
Listen up there, Techmaster Loki joining me every week.
What time were you up today?
The kids probably got you up at 5 a.m.
Actually, they slept in because we wore them out last night because they went to Josh's
birthday party.
Now that's good planning.
Just convenient planning.
Just convenient planning.
I see how it is.
And also joining us in studio, of course, as she does every single week, say hello to
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
And we had a birthday party of our own yesterday, or at least Cheesecake was involved.
We had a scary party.
And Freddy Fazbear was involved.
Yeah.
Poor Rob.
Poor me.
So if you were listening to last week's show live, DarkSakura and I came up with this big
plan where I was going to finish some VOGJAM videos.
So you know, I was making good on the promise there.
And then we were going to do some live streaming, bring that back because I haven't done that
since like January, which ironically, the last live stream I did was Five Nights at
Freddy's one.
So we did a live stream of Five Nights at Freddy's four, and it lasted maybe 25 minutes.
I could not get past night two.
And that is, that is the ugliest scream I've ever let out on a live thing.
So it was a beautiful thing.
It's all on YouTube for everyone to see now.
I think I jumped a few times.
You did.
You got scared at the same point I did.
You did.
You did.
You did more of the lady gasp.
You did more of that.
And then I started giggling like I was five.
I screamed.
It was awful.
I did not publish the picture of you fanning your face.
Fanning the flames.
And of course, my name is Rob Roberts.
Since we're introducing in reverse order tonight, everything is upside down today when we are
taping early.
But if you are, it's not like this is for Australia, Rob, although we love our friends
friends in Australia.
We do love them over there, but I think it's actually like three in the morning over there.
I don't know.
chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
We do have some people joining us that aren't usually here.
It's a smaller crowd because, you know, I'm sure not everybody got the memo and many people
have the 6 p.m. thing worked into their routine, which if you're listening after Bobby Black
Wolf tonight, because usually we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black
Wolf show.
We're going to repeat this at that usual time for those that, you know, forgot what we said
last week about the early show or what have you can't make it because I'm sure like people
like Akuma JP or in Japan.
It's like three or 4 a.m.
There's no way he's listening right now.
So we'll repeat it at six o'clock for that crowd.
But I notice over in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Fabrice from Belgium in chat saying it's 8
p.m. in Belgium here.
Finally OLR at a decent hour, not 3 a.m. in the morning.
Well, I'm glad I could work out for you.
And I saw somebody else saying it was only seven o'clock where they were, Kitten Poker
says it's just gone 7 p.m. here.
So that's really cool that we get some people from overseas who don't usually get to participate
in the show.
So Dark Soccer and I have a personal engagement this evening with a friend of ours who's who's
moving out of town is having like her her going away shindig tonight.
So we decided to rearrange things so we could do it.
So appreciate you guys working with us.
But anyway, we are here to talk about video games, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
We will take your calls live.
If anybody wants to give us a call later on in the show, 1-877-GAME-OLR, remember that's
a toll free number in only the U.S. and Canada, but the world can use Skype and you can call
us Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, all one word.
So let's get into game chat.
And starting off here, you know, you heard that in the intro and big congratulations
to the Games Done Quick crew with their Summer Games Done Quick event.
And they raised over one point two million dollars at the end of the day for Doctors
Without Borders.
And I know there were some I didn't get to watch a lot a lot because I don't I just don't
usually end up watching a lot of the game stream stuff, whatever it is.
But I actually did sit down and watch some of this.
I saw some of the run they were doing for Twilight Princess.
I saw a little bit of that and I saw another one they were doing later.
Somebody told me to tune in and watch the Hello Kitty stuff.
So I was watching that for a little bit.
And then I heard.
Yes, they did.
They did like the Hello Kitty game for the week.
It was like an awful game segment or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
How could you call Hello Kitty awful?
I was watching Chrono Trigger last night.
Yeah, I was.
I heard the finale was like a like was it multiple people doing Chrono Trigger?
Yeah, it was the co-op.
Yeah.
And then there was Super Metroid.
They did like a big race.
Yeah.
It was a big deal because they they had the whole and they always do this to save the
animals or what do they call the other option?
Fuck the animals.
Fuck them.
Yeah.
No, not literally.
Not literally.
You don't literally.
I think it's kill the animals.
Kill the animals.
Yeah.
There it is.
Awesome.
And then like they take extra donations to name the characters.
It's like every main character that you can name was always Iwata.
Oh, that's really cool.
Yeah, I heard.
I think I heard about that because they did on the Chrono Trigger thing, right?
They did it also in Earthbound because I was watching the Earthbound speed run.
Of course.
Of course.
That makes sense.
Well, big props to those guys.
I was going to ask, though, just in general, what do you think?
I mean, obviously the charity element is is great, but what do you think really draws
people to watch those sorts of streams?
What is it that people love about the games done quick in particular?
Because there's lots of charity streams on Twitch.
There's a lot of people doing good out there.
And I'm not trying to turn it into a contest, but I'm curious what draws people to this
one specifically.
What is it about the games being done quickly that that draws people in, you guys think?
And I open that up to our chat room as well as live.vognetwork.com.
I think some of it's just watching how you can break the games.
I mean, most speed running really relies on glitches, I think, for more modern games.
But I like it better for older games, because then you find methods and different changes
and, you know, things you can skip and what's actually essential to the story and whatnot.
So sort of that element of discovery, because I could certainly you know, I think that's
a big part of what I was interested in when I was watching the Twilight Princess thing
is like, I never knew you could do that before.
What?
To break the game like that?
There definitely is that kind of element of surprise for a game that's years and years
old.
It was nice too, as they're able, they're so comfortable in doing it, they're able to
commentate over, you know, the gameplay and stuff to talk about different things.
And it's kind of hilarious, like, especially like, I remember watching one from last year
for I Wanna Be The Guy, or one of the, I think it's like one of the newer ones that they
had.
And he was talking about like, you know, the different, like the spiders and silly the
jump scares that they have in the game and stuff like that.
And it was just, he's run it so many times that it was just funny, you know, talking
about the game as he goes and stuff.
So are there Five Nights at Freddy's speedruns?
Because I can see how maybe people finally, I don't think you can speedrun that game.
Finally get immune to that.
Maybe for four, if you do the little mini games, right?
I was gonna say for four, you could do the little mini games just right and maybe get
through that.
But yeah, I only say that because man, that game scared the hell out of me yesterday.
But of course, I'm playing it on the giant TV.
We did this whole little thing where we hooked a computer up to the TV and yeah, anyway,
going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Joda Star is in chat saying, this has been
my first chance to participate and I'm doing it on an airplane on the way to Vegas.
Wow.
That's pretty cool.
Does that mean we're officially a part of the Mile High Club now?
Are we being fucked?
No, just the animals.
That was the goal there.
Let's see.
Well, thank you for tuning in from Way Up High.
Good luck in Vegas, by the way.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw says, that Super Metroid race, the fourth player died 13 minutes into it
and the third player died during the Mother Brain battle.
Yeah, I heard that somebody got knocked out of that contest a little early because of
death, but that's part of the risk.
When you are doing the speedruns, you're usually skipping a bunch of items that most
people would need to keep them alive.
Because I'm imagining it was not a 100% completion speedrun, the only thing that...
And most people would usually skip the animals to get the better time, but that element has
just become a thing.
Now that's a thing.
And when something becomes a thing, you just bend the rules to accommodate it, right?
Dan watches these four guys all the time who just will randomly race each other in Mega
Man games and all kinds of different stuff and they will have all of them chatting with
each other while they're doing it and I need to find out who they are again, but they're
really cool to watch.
They'll just do different games.
Dark Tetsuya in our chatroom says, I think the closest thing to speedruns for me is doing
the gauntlet near the end of Mega Man 2 where you fight the robot masters again.
So I bet you could run through that real quick, especially if you knew exactly what weapon
to use and what boss.
You could probably get all sorts of times on that gauntlet at the end of Mega Man 2.
But yeah, you know, I find that I will challenge myself to speedrun games when the game encourages
you to do it.
And what I mean by that is like, one game I've been playing a lot this week is Velocity
2X, you know, and that's a game that's on PlayStation 4 and I'm pretty sure it's on
Steam and all the other consoles too.
But it was free during the PlayStation Plus a while ago.
And I really like this game because it's like part shooter, part platformer, so it's
got like that Guardian Legend bit to it.
And the music in the game is fantastic.
Well, the game gives you medals based on how many crystals did you get, how many survivors
did you rescue, and how fast did you do it.
So you get a gold medal when you get through the level real quick.
And if you can get all the survivors, all the crystals, all the points, and fast, you
get like a perfect.
So what I mean is like the game kind of encourages you to run it faster and faster.
So when I beat a level, if I only get a silver medal for time, I'm usually encouraged to
go right back and get a gold medal in the round.
So I know that some games kind of encourage the speedrunning in that regard.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says, I'm not really into using glitches to beat a game.
I'd rather they play by the rules set in the game.
No clipping through walls and things of that nature.
And Tigerclaw continues, they literally skipped a lot of levels and even boss battles by going
out of bounds.
I'm not a fan of doing speedruns without a bounce.
But they do mix it up a little bit, right?
They also have no glitch runs as well.
Yeah, they have like no glitch runs and they do like 100% item runs and things like that,
right?
So they do a little bit that fosters to other people's styles.
And maybe that's part of the secret of how they're so successful is that they don't just
cater to one audience.
They cater to people that are looking for all sorts of things in speedruns.
So that's kind of cool.
I'd rather they have a Grand Theft Auto speedrun.
That'd be cool to watch.
You think?
It would be too long though, I think, because it's hard to complete the game within like
30 hours.
Do you think there's a game that you would want to get really good at someday and be
a speedrunner for?
No.
No?
Maybe when I get old and like I have a lot of free time, but right now I don't have time
to do it.
In your retirement?
When the rest of you starts to slow down, you'll speedrun to try to keep current?
I like that.
Sure, I guess.
Nice.
Fifth Dream in chat says speedrun Final Fantasy 14.
I'm not sure that's a game.
Maybe you could speedrun from levels 1 to 10 or so.
I know they had, they used to have things like that in World of Warcraft.
Not official, but just like fan sponsored, like either like level one races to get from
this town to this town or who can level up to 15 the fastest or something like that.
You could do something like that in Final Fantasy 14.
So.
Eleven.
Quick.
Kill all the rabbits.
And now the worms.
The Final Fantasy 11 speedrun would take the entire week.
It would take the entire week just to get to level 10.
I'm kidding.
Alright.
Anyway.
Tiger Kong in chat says imagine if you were a developer who made a game that people are
breaking.
How do you react to that?
I'm glad that people are playing your game.
I know.
I think some people like don't even realize that the bug existed in their own game.
Weren't the Shovel Knight folks, the Yacht Club games, weren't they participating with
their own speedrun?
Like kind of, I don't want to say it was like official, but I know I saw some of their tweets.
The ones who did, um, god I can't remember the name, but it was the ones like, you're
just like the little guy that's got all the spinning wheels and everything kind of outliney.
I was watching that one.
You mean Super Meat Boy?
Not Super Meat Boy.
It was one of those really difficult games though.
Like N++?
It almost sounds like?
No.
It was, you play like a little stick figure person, but anyway.
Yeah, that's N++.
It sounds like N+.
Anyway.
I don't think that was it.
I think it was something else.
But anyway, they went all the way through that one really quick while the developers
were watching.
And they were like, hey, that's pretty cool.
Hey, we knew about that.
We just didn't think anyone would figure it out.
Yeah.
No, I think a lot of developers like to watch those sorts of live stream things, you know,
and kind of are flattered when people go to such great lengths to break the games.
At least any developer I've ever talked to kind of likes that.
Especially when you talk about a lot of these older games have kind of been, I don't want
to say they've been forgotten, but you know, it's kind of nice to still have them acknowledged
here in the year 2015, some of these old classic games.
I think a lot of developers kind of like that.
And I know, you know, not necessarily with speed running, but since somebody mentioned
Final Fantasy XIV a minute ago, and I've been following that and read a lot of interviews
and went to the Fan Fest last year, I know that those developers, Naoki Yoshida, who's
been the producer of the game has actually said when that game first went live on PlayStation
4, they started watching a bunch of live streams to see how people were consuming the content,
what people were doing and what people were enjoying.
And so they actually watch live streams to see how people are playing the game, which
I think is fascinating.
So I think there's a lot of developers out there that kind of get a kick out of that.
So anyway, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Fifth Dream in chat says,
I made a level of N++ that one of the devs of it called Beautiful, and she likes the
name of it.
They retweeted my video stream I posted in YouTube too.
Well, there you go.
That's really cool.
I need to check out N++ by the way.
I know that came out on PlayStation 4 this week, but I was distracted by, you know, all
these other games and things, but I meant to check out N++.
I know that's on my list of things to do.
So there was something else I played this week, and we'll get to that in just a moment
because it is time for How Was Your Gaming Week?
But ladies first, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I had a very enjoyable experience with Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
I'm glad somebody did.
Dragon Age Inquisition, Dragon Age Origins, Final Fantasy XIV, and Bejeweled.
In that order, all at the same time.
I'm a talented lady, let me tell you.
Awesome.
Loki, how about your gaming week?
I just tried to get to some stuff that I haven't played in a while.
So I played a little bit of Battlefield 4 because I had purchased that like, god, months
ago when it was down to 10 bucks.
And so I played through the first level of that, and it's pretty good.
I enjoy it.
You know, because I'm used to playing just through the campaigns on Call of Duty, and
it's just, I don't know, similar, I guess.
It looks prettier though, so I give them that.
And then, the other thing that kind of stood out to me that was kind of silly was like,
every time I'd kill somebody, I'd hear one of my team members go, good job, man!
It was just like, they're like trying to hide in cover, it could be like a stealth mission
or something, I shoot somebody and they're like, yeah, good job!
You're doing a terrible job of being stealthy right now, I'm just saying.
So I thought that was a little silly.
And then I tried last night a roundabout that had purchased, do you remember roundabout?
The game about the spinning limousine.
Oh yeah, because that was like on the Ouya, right?
Wasn't it?
Is that the one where you park the cars?
No, no, no, this is about, it's a game that has full motion video cutscenes.
That's right, okay, we had a new thing, it's like a purposefully bad type of video game.
It's really silly.
So I played a little bit of that, and it's okay, you basically have to get through obstacles
and stuff and your limousine is spinning the entire time, and so you just have to go
through that.
And apparently it's this, um, Chick Georgio's, like, it's her technique is she just drives
the spinning limousine, and um, I don't know, it's also uber violent because you can crush
everybody and they just explode in the blood, but I think it's pretty funny.
And the cutscenes are really bad, they're really bad, but that's what makes it kind
of good.
It's so bad it's good.
So I played a little bit of that.
I played Minecraft on Playstation 4, because I bought that a while ago, and I was very
bored with it.
I was playing by myself, to be fair, so I just didn't feel the excitement that I used
to have with Minecraft.
It just kind of like, eh, here we go again.
Is it one of those things where the thrill is starting to run out a little bit?
Yeah, kind of, like, and I don't know, it's just maybe, maybe you need more of the PC
version with mods on it, like, where there's actual content that I can consume aside from,
okay, let's go find some diamonds, I mean, it's just, it's kind of a drag.
But you don't want to pay $4.99 for the Skyrim pack, or the, what else did they just, they
just added something to Minecraft on Playstation 4 too?
Like, Ancient Greece pack.
Yeah, the Ancient Greece stuff.
No, I don't, because it's just a level, and then I'll get bored with that as well, and
skins.
Um, so I, I don't know, I played a little bit of that, but I may go back a little later,
I don't know.
And then, uh, what else did I play?
Oh, I played a little bit of Clicker Heroes, and I think I'm almost done with that game.
And what else did I play?
Um, I worked on my game, mostly, put some new footage up on YouTube of that, and I think
that's it.
Oh, my son played a lot more of LEGO Marvel Super Heroes, and he actually managed to glitch
under the map, which was kind of funny, so.
Nice.
Speaking of your game, Loki, when I was doing the, uh, VoG Jam videos yesterday, which,
by the way, if you want to see these, and I, I encourage you to go check them out, they
are on the VoG Network YouTube channel, so just check out YouTube.com slash VoG Network,
and you can see me playing the games that are available at VoG Network dot com.
So I was actually playing Bobby's, uh, Moonbuggy game yesterday, um, along with, um, Hitstun's,
um, Skeleton Game and Skeleton Hunter.
And then I also did a little bit of Flappy VoG, and I finally spilled the secret on the
hidden character, cause, I thought that was, everybody knew about that.
No, I don't think everybody, I think, like, a couple people found it, but no, like, nobody
knew, like, how to unlock it, I think, so I finally spilled the beans on that, cause
it's been, like, a year, I was like, Bobby can't get mad.
I thought that, like, a dev is supposed to appreciate it when he was an old dude.
I thought they figured that out, like, immediately.
No, only a couple people found that, so, so you want to get all the details, go check
it out on the, um, uh, VoG Jam playthrough, um, but I, anyway, the point I was making
was tied into your game, Loki.
I was playing, uh, Bobby's Moon Buggy game, and I don't know if you've played it, but
it's kinda like, you, you have, uh, Moon Buggy that you're accelerating and de-accelerating,
and you're trying to get over, like, jumps and things like that, but there's that physics
engine where sometimes the damn thing will flip upside down, and whatever.
So there was one level where I, like, flew over a ramp, and my thing was, like, spinning
like crazy, and I went through the finish line like that, and so I still beat it, and
I went, nailed it, and it just reminded me of that sequence in your game.
Yes, awesome.
Anyway, uh, so there, I, I played some VoG Jam games yesterday, that was, uh, part of
my gaming week, uh, and then I also played Five Nights at Freddy's 4, which we talked
about, um, and you can see me, like, seriously, I let out a hideous scream, I don't know why
I let that out on the internet, things we will do for subscribers, but that's on my
personal channel, Rob Roberts Plays on YouTube, that's Rob Roberts Plays, all one word, about
halfway through that video, you can, uh, see me ugly scream and then ugly cry, um,
and I will say this, as much as I always sit here and say, I hate Five Nights at Freddy's,
that game is so fucking mean, and stuff like, I hate what it does to me, but I actually
think as a game itself, it's pretty brilliant, you know, because it's one of those very simple,
it's a simple concept, and most people will say, there's barely any game to Five Nights
at Freddy's, eh, eh, look at old Atari 2600 games, there was a lot of very simple concepts
there, and I think what, what, um, the creator of Five Nights at Freddy's has done, you know,
is taken this great, simple concept, and created a universe around it, that, like, people are,
like, super into lore, that don't even necessarily play the games, they just, right, Jamie? Like,
super lore nuts about all this stuff that goes into Five Nights at Freddy's, so, I,
I think it's an indie game, specifically, it's an, it's an incredible piece of work,
and the guy, you know, deserves a lot of credit for that game, so when I sit here and say,
I hate the game, I don't really hate the game, I just hate what it does to me, I actually
respect it an awful lot, so. Have you seen the, the Twitter pics about, like, them building
the actual, um, animatronics that are gonna be for the movie? Oh, God. It's all practical
effects, too. Oh, no. And it's been, I think it was Jim Henson's Creature Workshop, they're
doing it? Oh, no. Yeah, it's gonna be awesome. I think we have a story on the movie coming
up later, so, I don't know, it's gonna be scary, alright. Uh, Fifth Dream in Chat, over
at Live.Vocanilwork.com, says Five Nights at Freddy's equals twenty-six haunted house,
twenty-six hundred haunted house. I don't know, haunted house on the Atari 2600 was
pretty fucking scary, I'm just saying. But Atari 2600 also didn't have the breathing
noises that you had to react to, so there, there is that, I will give it that. So what
was it, I mean, I guess I'll have to watch the video, but what was it that made you jump?
Okay, so, the way that part four plays is very different than part one, and I, here's
the funny thing, and I even say this in video, I never played part two and three, I, I sorta
know, like, how those games go, but I never play them. But, um, instead of just, like,
clicking on different, like, you would actually, you, you do this weird thing with a mouse
where you swipe it down and it causes your child to run to the door, and so when you're
at the door, you either shine the flashlight to scare the monster back, or if you hear
the breathing noise, that means they're right there, and if you shine the flashlight, they're
gonna get you. So if you hear the breathing noise, you shut the door. So you have a door
on the left, a door on the right, a closet, and then behind you, you have to keep checking
the bed, right? So, you know, I'm running to the door, shine the light, running to the
door, shine the light, so I keep running to the doors, and then finally, I run to one
of the doors and I shine the light, and it goes, BAAAAH! And it's like, there's a big
monster right there, and I just, I just... You were taking, you were shining it too quickly.
I was, I wasn't, I guess I wasn't listening enough for the breathing noise. I don't think
it was loud enough. Yeah, but to be fair, the volume was kind of down, and you guys
were talking, so it would be hard for me to hear the breathing anyway, so I just kind
of got in a routine, and then I got the pants scared off of me, so. But it was, it was very
good at jump scares, very effective. Fifth Dreamin's chat says, sounds like this game
would give me a heart attack. It might, it very well might, so be careful. Alright, other
games I played this week, because there were others. Again, you know, more Final Fantasy
XIV, I mentioned Velocity 2X earlier, but there was a new game I played this week that
I want to mention and give a shout out to, because I don't think there's enough people
talking about this game, and I think, I think it's definitely worth a look. And the game
is King's Quest Episode 1, which is a reimagining of the classic PC series of King's Quest.
There's even some, it's not a sequel or anything like that, it's more of a reimagining, a retelling,
but it doesn't necessarily follow the plot of the first game word for word. But there
are elements of the first game, like the whole fact that you go into a cave to get a mirror
from a dragon, there's elements of that in the new game, but it's like a completely different
way of telling the story, because you have old Graham, who's voiced by Christopher Lloyd
by the way, which I thought was awesome, you have old Graham kind of telling the story
to his granddaughter, who has aspirations of her own, and I thought that was a really
neat way to do it, and that's why a lot of people are calling it Princess Bride style
King's Quest, which actually kind of fits. And here's the crazy thing, Wallace Shawn,
you know that name? He's the guy, inconceivable, that guy? He's a fucking voice in the game,
so no wonder everybody's calling it like a Princess Bride type of game, because he plays
an important character in the game. So I just, here's the thing about King's Quest, I was
very nervous about it, because the old games are point and click, sometimes type, it's
a very kind of open thing, so when I was moving to PlayStation 4, I was a little worried,
like how is that going to translate, like I'm kind of worried about that, but it actually
works really well, like they took elements of the old interface and kind of made it work
with a controller, and I was worried that it was going to be a lot of platforming stuff,
and there's a little bit of that, but the platforming sequences feel more like I'm playing
Dragon's Lair or something, like it's hard to explain, it's not like crazy action based,
and I still feel like it definitely has the element of the old games. And what's great
is that the writing is also very well done, because there's all these stupid puns, there's
these silly death sequences that would immediately be followed by commentary, like what's the
very first one, there's one room where you have two levers, there's one on the left and
one on the right, and they say that you have to pull one of the levers to continue, so
if you pull the one on the left, you're going to get smushed by something, and it gets flattened
against the wall, and so you have this silly death sequence, cartoony stuff, just like
in the old games, and then Christopher Lloyd pops in and says, and that's what of what
happened if I pulled the lever on the left, good thing I pulled the one on the right,
and then you hit continue, like it's just, I don't know, it's like silly self referential
like that, so yeah, and one other thing I have to point out that I really liked about
the game were some of the animations of Graham are hilarious, because there's like one scene
where he's running away from the dragon real quick, and the way he's running is like with
his arms flailing around and up in the air, and it's just like that silly humor that made
the old games great, so I really have to hand it to Odd Gentlemen, because I feel like they
really did capture the essence of the old games in this new type of format, the only
really complaint I can think of is that you can't skip any voice acting scenes, which
can be frustrating if you're like looking at the same thing over and over, but that's,
usually the scenes are pretty short, so it's not a big deal, and then like especially in
the beginning, it's really easy, it's really easy, but I figure, A, it's the beginning,
B, King's Quest was a game that I was playing when I was like 10 to 12 years old, so I do
have to kind of realize that this King's Quest probably isn't totally designed with me in
mind, like the audience of the original games, it's probably designed for the 10 to 12 year
olds of today, which is an interesting parallel to the way the whole story is framed anyway,
with grandpa telling the granddaughter about his adventures, I don't know if maybe that's
an intentional little wink and a nod to the re-imagining itself, but, so if you're willing
to forgive that, to get some of the humor and things like that, I think you'll enjoy
King's Quest, I know I'm really enjoying it, and I picked up the whole complete collection
or what it's called, so, very cool. Fifth Dream in chat says, oh I need this King's
Quest now, the first one was probably the first home computer game I ever played. Alex
P. Carson in our chat room saying, I want to play the Stanley Parable now, I guess,
I have to admit, I've only played like a little bit of Stanley Parable, but there's a lot
of that same tongue and cheek kind of humor, cheeky humor, right? Very cheeky. Alright,
so anyway, that's it for our gaming week, so let's get into housekeeping and then we'll
get into the news for tonight, so, for tonight's housekeeping, just quickly, please follow
us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, we're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange
lounge radio, we're also on YouTube, since we've been talking about YouTube today, don't
forget youtube.com slash orange lounge radio, where old episodes of our show are available
wherever you can get YouTube, which is pretty much everywhere. We will be back to our normal
time live at 6 o'clock pacific, 9 o'clock eastern, next week on the 9th, and that is
pretty much all I can think of for now, so let's get into some news. Loki.
So, Ouya has had a rough life, I guess. It started off pretty strong with Kickstarter
being one of the most backed, you know, game-related Kickstarters or technology-related Kickstarters,
and just never really kind of got its momentum after that. You know, the system wasn't that
great and there was just a whole lot of, I don't know, broken promises, I guess, you
know, it took forever to get stuff out to them. Well, finally, you know, back a few
weeks ago, you know, they were trying to sell the company, and they managed to do that,
so Razer actually acquired Ouya, and along with that, Julie Ehrman has basically left
the company. Now, what Razer is going to be doing with Ouya is actually using it as a
brand, so they're not going to be making any more Ouya consoles or anything like that,
instead they're playing on rebranding the Ouya store. It's going to be now Cortex for
Android TV, as part of, I guess, of their Forge TV Android microconsole platform, which
I've never heard of, but okay, cool. And then, along with that, you know, originally when
this whole deal took place, I believe Ouya had contacted the developers that are part
of that program where, basically, if you put stuff on the Ouya, they would kind of
help you with your funding, they would match your backers up to a certain amount, or your
backing, and they were basically saying, well, because of this deal, we're just not going
to pay you any more. Thankfully, though, Razer did step in, and they are going to be paying
the developers for that initiative, so that's good news, at least. Yeah, because I was going
to say, a lot of game developers were really counting on that money, so I'm glad to see
that they're going to be actually offering that to the developers, as kind of a sign
of goodwill. So, why do we think, and I open this question up to the chatroom as well,
why didn't Ouya make it? You know, I guess, you know, getting acquired isn't the same
as going under, so it's not like Ouya's completely dead, but why is Ouya having to basically
sell off when, you know, in the beginning, they were talking about it being a competitor
to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, like the cheap console, essentially. What happened? I open
this up to chat as well. I have a controversial opinion, but, Logie, go ahead. I think this
technology moved too fast. Their idea was a neat idea at first, but then now, any device
you can hook it up to, TV, and it's way more powerful. Like, by the time that Ouya came
out, it was just underpowered. They're like, well, it's okay, you know, because this processor
that's in there, you know, now that you don't have to actually have, like, a phone OS in
there, and it'll be wired, you know, plugged in, you know, we can unlock the extra processing
power, and it just didn't matter. It just didn't matter, and people weren't buying the
games on their platform, they were using it for an emulator. Yeah, and honestly, that's
where my thought process goes, and I know this is not going to be a popular opinion,
especially among indie developer friends of mine, but I honest to God think this is what's
going on with Ouya, and I'm just going to tell it to you, honestly, how I think it is.
I think most people kickstarted the Ouya under the pretenses that it was going to be an easy
emulator for their television, that it was going to be an easy way to get all these Nintendo
games and Super Nintendo and Genesis games on your television, and I think that's what
most people ordered, not all, but most people ordered the Ouya under those pretenses, and
so, you know, you've got this box that does this questionably legal thing, you know, emulators
are in this extremely gray area when it comes to legality, right? So, you know, the Ouya
sells all these Kickstarter units based on those pretenses, you know, again, I believe
the majority, not everything, but then, because, well, an emulator gray area legally is not
going to sustain your business, it's not going to keep things moving, you know, they're trying
to legitimize it with this store and all these indie efforts that they're doing, but I don't
think most people were interested in the legitimate things the console could do, which is sad.
It was just the way that they kind of handled everything, because even the people that backed
in on Kickstarter, a lot of them didn't get their units right away, they were hitting
store shelves before they were getting their units, and even when it did come out, like,
the controller was shit, and it was just like all these ideas that they had, they're like,
yeah, it's going to be this, and it just wasn't very good, and I just think it just
over well, overall underwhelmed everybody.
Which is kind of a shame, because I do applaud some of the things that Ouya was doing for
the indie community there towards, you know, in the last year or so, and I like that they
were trying to kind of carve themselves a niche for that, and when you go to things
like, you know, indie mega boosts at different shows like PAX and so forth, you see a lot
of games, or have seen a lot of games, that are PC and Ouya, because Ouya's really embraced
that, but unfortunately, there just weren't enough people interested in buying console
for that.
That's what's also disappointing about the PlayStation TV, is that could have potentially
been like the Ouya, as a sense, you know, where you would have this PlayStation mobile
platform that you could develop games for, and let's be honest, you probably develop
games that are pretty similar to Ouya, maybe, I'm not sure power-wise versus the Vita and
the Ouya.
I think the Vita was more powerful, but, you know, you could develop games for the Vita,
and still have it being able to be played on the TV.
I thought that was an excellent idea, and they just shut it down immediately.
Now what?
Now, what good is that?
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
I mean, we're eulogizing Ouya, but that's not really what's happening, because Razer's
picked it up.
Maybe they're gonna transform it into something, you know, maybe this product that's out there
the more legitimate, not that you necessarily won't be able to put emulators on it, but
maybe they'll try to transform it into something like, I don't know, like look at Raspberry
Pi, and, you know, something like that does very well, so maybe they'll kind of approach
it a different way, maybe, rebrand it.
Well, and that was the other thing too, with the Ouya, they're like, oh well, it's gonna
be completely open, you'll be able to jailbreak it once you get it.
No, that never was a thing.
That never happened.
You could sideload things into it, and I'm sorry, but even like with whatever Razer's
putting out, if it runs Android, and you can sideload shit into it, it's gonna be playing
emulator games.
I mean, seriously, that's what people are gonna do with it.
And porn.
And porn, right?
Well, if it has an internet connection, it's gonna have porn on it, so there's that.
That is true.
Alright, well anyhow, let's move on from something indie to something very, very big budget,
and I get excited about this series, and I know a lot of you out there as well, Dragon
Quest XI has been announced.
Dragon Quest XI will be coming out for, and this is a very interesting combo here of platforms,
Dragon Quest XI is coming out for the Nintendo 3DS and the PlayStation 4.
That was revealed this week at basically a press conference at Square held in Japan,
totally dedicated to this effort.
What's also interesting is that the Nintendo NX has already been announced as under consideration
for this game as well, which is interesting, you know, that even though Nintendo hasn't
officially unveiled the platform, we all know it's coming, so people are talking about it
like it's a thing, so I kind of find that interesting.
So...
I just hope it's a good thing.
Yeah, well, me too, obviously.
They also apparently said Dragon Quest X, which was the MMO, would also be under consideration
for the NX.
There are apparently two different games with the same story, which Nino Cooney kind of
did that as well, so even though you have 3DS and PlayStation 4, I guess they're actually
different games.
They're slated for a 2016 release to coincide with the 30th birthday of the Dragon Quest
series, and so PlayStation 4's runs on Unreal Engine 4, and it's open-ish, sort of like
Dragon Quest VIII was, and then 3DS, and this was really cool, a lot of people were commenting
on this.
The 3DS version has 2D on the bottom, and then on the top, it has the 3D sort of view.
And they were kind of quick to clarify, the entire game doesn't run like that, but the
little sequences you could see in the preview looked really cool, where it was like old
school on the bottom and new school on the top, and I thought that was really neat, that
kind of effect.
So we'll see how much of that is in the game.
Alright, also, now we get excited about a title like this, but that doesn't mean it's
coming out in the States, because we never did get Dragon Quest X, so obviously people
over here in the States want to know, when do we get our turn for, you know, not just
Dragon Quest X, but Dragon Quest XI specifically, and of course there was a comment on this.
The Japanese publisher stated, it understandably doesn't have a concrete plan at the moment,
but it'll consider it as it has done in the past for other Dragon Quest titles.
So that's a big fat maybe.
And I'm assuming...
Well, consider it if you fund our million dollar Kickstarter.
Or Dragon Quest Heroes sells a million copies or whatever, because, you know, I don't...
See, and I don't understand, why does Dragon Quest Heroes come out over here when we can't
get Dragon Quest XI?
No shade to Dragon Quest Heroes.
I'm assuming it's because there's less to translate or what have you, but it's still
kind of frustrating that, you know, the game we really want isn't being announced at the
same time.
But whatever.
I'm sure there'll be a lot of people that will import Dragon Quest XI anyway, and make
their way, crash and burn their way through all the heavy Japanese in the game, and enjoy
the 2D and 3D sequences.
We'll see.
Anyhow.
Moving on.
Well, you remember Zombie U, Rob?
I do!
That was one of the great games that was launched with the console.
Well, it's going to be re-released on PC, PS4, and Xbox One as just Zombie, with an
I at the end and no E. It's basically going to be out on August 18th, so we don't have
too long to wait for it.
It will, basically it's got Permadeath as a feature in the game where, when you get
eaten by zombies, you leave a survival pack with your gear in it, and you have the choice
as a new survivor to go retrieve your pack from your previous, now zombified, uh, self.
Yeah, it's a very Dark Souls, and the Wii U version of this too is a very Dark Souls
element to it.
It'll be digital download only.
Oh, that I didn't realize.
Yep.
So if you want to find out more, go to zombiegame.com.
Interesting.
Z-O-M-B-I.
I think it comes out in a few weeks too.
That's what I just said.
That's what I just said.
August 18th or whatever.
But, uh, yeah, I know we had a rumor on this a couple weeks ago, so it's interesting that
now it's been confirmed, and that it's, I didn't, I kind of assumed they would do a
physical release for the holidays, so that's very interesting that they're unloading it
as a digital game.
I get a feeling they're really trying to make some money back that they might have lost
on the Wii U version, and maybe there was some sort of agreement.
I don't, maybe because Nintendo, Nintendo did do some marketing with ZombiU, right?
Because wasn't there an actual ZombiU Wii U in the very beginning?
I feel like Nintendo actually had a bundle that came with it, so maybe there was some
sort of agreement, things, that's finally expired, because we're, what, three years
since the launch of the Wii U now, so.
Maybe they will have made improvements since it's coming out on more advanced systems.
Yeah.
Although, you know, the gamepad really did have a unique element in ZombiU, so it'll
be interesting to see how they kind of accommodate for that, but I bet it's the type of thing
where you press select or something, and it just, it pops up like your person's going
to hold a fake gamepad or something, like, and it'll just kind of do something.
That's probably what happened.
There was a ZombiU Deluxe Wii U console, and they're still selling it on Amazon.
Interesting.
So, yeah, I would think because of that, that Nintendo and Ubisoft had some type of arrangement
there, so maybe that's why it's taken three years for this to happen, but Ubisoft probably
wants to make some of their money back.
And if this game does really, really well, maybe that's why they'll be a sequel, but
I don't know.
When you're unloading it digitally like that, who knows?
I'm not sure.
All right.
Well, I don't know if I'll buy the game again.
I already had it on Wii U, and I'm a little disappointed that Ubisoft just decided to
fuck off on the Wii U, so I don't know if I'll be supporting this on other platforms,
but props to those without a Wii U that want to try it.
Moving on.
So it appears that the Mighty No. 9 may be quietly delayed past its September 15th release,
and this is coming from Game Informer, which, of course, is associated with GameStop, who
basically says, hey, guess what?
That apparently this delay is being initiated by the publisher, and this includes different
placeholder dates that are being put into place that indicates a 2016 release by Deep
Silver.
Oh, concept right now isn't confirming that if it's been delayed or not, but it probably
has been.
This is very interesting in light of what we were saying about the Red Ash Kickstarter,
where they were asking for more money before the first game was even out, which if you
really sit down and think about rationally how long it takes to make a game make sense,
but you know the general population and the perception is going to be, why are you asking
for money when your first game isn't even out?
And now it's going to take even longer for that first game to come out, which is fine.
If that's what they've got to do to make sure it's a good game, then do it, but you know.
And then that Red Ash Kickstarter, man, then what happened?
Didn't somebody else come in at the end, like a company out of China or something came in
and ended up funding the whole thing, and then now they're saying the Kickstarter is
just a stretch goal Kickstarter, and it just got really weird towards the end there.
I honestly don't care.
I didn't back it.
I didn't either.
I'll play it when it comes out.
But I didn't back my Mighty No. 9 either.
Same thing.
I'll play that when it comes out.
I'm just not backing it.
Yeah.
I'll play Mighty No. 9 when it comes out.
I really want to try it, but by the time I was like, maybe I will kick in the money.
They didn't need it.
I mean, Mighty No. 9 had like millions and millions of dollars, so I was like, eh, I'll
just wait.
I'll wait.
Anyhow, we'll see what happens with that.
All right.
Well, this week I'm sure a lot of you were checking out Windows 10 because the Windows
10 rollout began this week.
And of course, I'm sure as many of you know, Windows 10 is a free upgrade for those of
you running Windows 7 and Windows 8.
8.1.
Oh, sorry.
8.1.
Or it has to be Windows 7, I think, Service Pack 1 for whatever that's worth.
But Windows is now having to compete, I suppose, on a level with iOS where those upgrades have
been free for a while.
And I think the operating systems on the MacBooks and stuff are free now, too, right?
So this is why Windows is probably having to do something more.
I guess it makes sense because when you think about it, unless you're trying to install
Linux on one of those devices, you're not really, like on PCs, at least you have a little
bit of competition and choice where you can put Linux or you can put Windows.
True.
Well, also, and then you see that Microsoft really integrates its store into things.
You know, if you've used Windows 10 at all and that default, you know, they have their
store.
I have attempted to remove Candy Crush Saga a few times, and it's sticky.
It doesn't want to leave my computer.
Really?
Mine didn't have Candy Crush Saga.
Oh, all of them have Candy Crush Saga.
You just haven't looked yet.
I guess not.
I guess he's never upgrading.
I know, right?
But no, there's got to be a way.
Surely there's a mod to scrape it from your system.
No, you can undelete it, or you can delete it, but I attempted it once, and I thought
it removed it, but then it came, it was still there.
And so then I went back.
Cat came back the very next day.
Yeah, I went ahead and removed it, and then now it's gone, but it's like, you know, remember
we had that story a while ago where they were going to offer it for free because people
love that game.
Oh, people love Candy Crush.
People love it.
Yes, yes.
As the progress bar was going by, you know, undeleting it, I was flipping off the computer
the entire time.
I was like, fuck you, King.
The candy came back the very next day.
Oh my God.
So anyway, so a lot of you were upgrading to Windows 10, I'm sure.
I know I did.
I actually was still running Windows 7.
I just ended up staying away from Windows 8 because a lot of people I talked to didn't
really like it, but I was like, what the hell?
Windows 10 is free.
Let's do it.
So I upgraded, and yeah, I think it's fine.
It's all right.
It didn't, like, change my world or anything, but the only real big, big difference I noticed
is the start menu.
You know, it kind of has some of the eight elements in it, and you see this on the Xbox
too with the different tiles, but I don't know.
I was able to unpin all the graphics.
Yeah, most of those tiles are useless.
Let me just pull mine up here real quick.
Okay, it has some photos that apparently I have on my computer.
It has, oh, my tweets are finally there now.
It's asking me to buy Microsoft's Solitaire collection.
Oh, did you get in on the Minecraft Windows 10 beta edition because that's free as well
if you own Minecraft.
Oh, no, I didn't check that out yet.
Yeah, you should register for that.
You know what game comes installed on OS X?
The Dark Castle.
Chess.
I was going to say no games because...
That's it.
Stop.
That's it.
I finally uninstalled Borderlands, but I've got Diablo on here, so I've had no problems
playing games.
Yeah.
Fun.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, Friday.
But anyway, back to Windows 10, the thing I really wanted to talk about, of course,
is that now you can stream Xbox One games to your PC.
That's a whole big thing in it.
And I have to admit, I didn't really try this.
I thought it would just be magic and would happen if my Xbox was on and I had the Xbox
app open, but I guess you have to actually have a controller plugged in, and I didn't
have that.
So I was like, why doesn't a streaming button show up?
But I guess you have to actually have the Xbox One controller plugged in, and then it,
I guess, opens up those extra features or whatever.
But I did think the Xbox app within Windows 10 was kind of interesting.
And it also kind of goes to show why they might have chosen to make Windows 10 free
as they're trying to have you in this ecosystem.
They want you in the Microsoft ecosystem where you have an Xbox One and it chats with that.
And I'm sure they want you to get a Windows phone as well, although I noticed their phone
app would work with Android and iPhone.
So I thought that was kind of interesting.
I mean, they kind of know that not as many people have a Windows phone.
Tigercall on chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, if you don't like the Windows 10 start
menu, you can download a program called Classic Shell, which will replace the start menu with
the Windows 7 start menu.
Fabrice from Belgium says, the start menu isn't bad at all.
In fact, things got a lot less complicated.
I think if there's like, you know, just a handful of programs you use on a regular basis,
it makes it like I pinned Google Chrome and Final Fantasy 14 and Steam all to my little
thing.
And it's right there.
It's nice.
I'm not entirely a huge fan of like searching for programs through the all apps.
I know it's everything's alphabetical, but sometimes, you know, I just need to use the
search bar to find it.
Hey, I launched MIRC today with my voice thanks to Cortana.
So I tested that out just for the fuck of it.
Yeah.
And it worked.
I just wish it would be always listening because, you know, I have to click this little listen
button for it to do something.
Do something.
It says, ask me anything.
What is the weather like?
Ask it to divide by zero and see if she reads you like Siri does.
Divide by zero.
Why did it launch Microsoft Edge when you told it to divide by zero?
It just did a search for Bing for divide by zero.
That's what happens when you divide by zero.
You get Microsoft Edge.
It's just Internet Explorer divided by zero.
It pretty much is.
I mean, they even use the same logo.
There's nothing edgy about that other than the E has an edge.
The E's got a razor sharp edge.
It's what the kids love, Loki.
It's edgy.
All right.
Anyhow, all the other people are using Chrome and Firefox.
I'm just going to be different and I'm going to use Edge because I'm cool.
Yeah.
I use this browser called Microsoft Edge.
You probably never heard of it.
Anyhow, moving on, Dark Sakura, save us from this hipster talk.
Sorry, I was busy playing Minesweeper on my Mac.
Anyway.
That's an abomination right there.
Did you divide mines by zero?
Did I just divide Jamie by zero?
Blink, blink, blink, blink.
So how about some Sony stuff?
They released their earnings report and said that they have shipped I think over three
million PlayStation 4 consoles worldwide as of June 30th.
And so that's twenty five point three million as of that date.
I mean, it's considering that it started shipping as of the end of 2013.
So that's pretty good, I would say.
They are still outselling the Xbox One, though we haven't heard anything from Microsoft officially
on their numbers, but yeah.
Let's talk about their install base of Windows 10 and like pimp that out.
I'll just sit back and roll my eyes really hard.
I know Xbox One's been doing better, especially ever since the price drop and some of that
other stuff.
Ever since they announced that Tomb Raider is going to be absolutely exclusive to Xbox,
there is no way you're going to be able to play that in anything other than Xbox when
it's originally launched.
I don't think Xbox One is bad or anything at all.
I'm having a good time with mine.
So I think I think they're closing the gap, but they're like much more slowly than they
need to be.
And the gap is just like the Sony generation.
Actually that's not a bad way to put it.
I think what's happening to Microsoft this generation is exactly what happened to Sony
last generation.
It's like the tables have turned completely and it all goes, and for the same fucking
reasons too.
You know, PlayStation was a laughing stock in 2006 during that press conference with
the giant enemy crabs and all that stuff when they originally announced the PlayStation
3.
And then I wouldn't say Microsoft was necessarily a laughing stock, but the internet definitely
rebelled against those policies that Microsoft originally had in place.
And you know, PlayStation tore him a new asshole at that E3.
We all know about that.
And even though Microsoft went back and changed things, which they needed to do, perception
is a huge part of things.
And by that point, Sony had already opened the wound too much and the Kinect thing still
made the Xbox more expensive, yada, yada, yada.
So I think these are things that Microsoft is slowly recovering from.
But when we looked at the end of last generation, you know, the PlayStation 3 closed the gap
quite a bit.
You know, everybody appreciated PlayStation 3 and it wasn't, you know, a laughing stock
anymore.
And I really think that's where Xbox One's going to be in another couple of years.
And it's making progress towards that now.
Yeah, I don't think it's going to take that long either.
And looking at what they potentially are going to be announcing here soon, they could have
a really strong lineup as compared to Sony, which, God, what the fuck do they have coming
out?
And that's sad.
It's the last few years it's been just like, what the fuck is coming out on Sony's platforms
I mean, they got Uncharted 4.
Cool.
I mean, but what other first party titles?
They're really lacking in the first party title area, which is kind of weird.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I will say this one other thing I want to say about Xbox, because I truly
believe this to be true, is that ever since Phil Spencer took over is when things got
better over at Microsoft.
Like honestly, Don Mattrick ruined the Xbox One launch.
Like just, I'm just going to call it like it is the minute they got rid of Don Mattrick
and brought Phil Spencer and things started getting better.
So just, just calling it like it is.
I mean, right.
That's what happened, is it not?
The minute Don Mattrick went away, they finally started selling Xboxes and where did he end
up?
Zynga.
Anyway.
He's done wonders for them.
Right?
I mean, we haven't even mentioned the word Zynga in quite a long time.
In a whole week.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Let's see what games you can get for these consoles.
Coming soon.
Well, this is the week that you'll be able to pick up Rare Replay on Xbox One, so that'll
be coming out.
And then Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold, the Fatinear Knight.
Or Fatinear Knight.
I don't know how to pronounce that.
That's it?
That's it.
I'm super excited, though, about the following week, because Garfield Kart will be coming
out.
Really?
Yeah, it's on the 3DS.
Does Garfield sit in a plate of lasagna that goes around the track?
Is that what it is?
You know, you laugh.
Does he get chased by Nermal?
I don't know if he gets chased by Nermal, but no, he does not have a plate of lasagna
that he's sitting in.
Wow.
Jason Chat says, Hello Kitty Racing greater than Garfield Kart.
That's probably true.
It's probably the exact same game, to be honest.
It probably is.
It's probably the exact same game, just, you know, reskinned.
Alright, let's travel around the world and move on to Japan, where on the 6th of August
on the PlayStation 4, Gal Gun Double Piece comes out in regular and limited edition on
the PlayStation 4.
That is almost worth me picking that up.
region free.
Gal Gun is pretty fun.
The PlayStation 3 has Musou Orochi 2 Ultimate and Shin Sangoko Musou 7 getting price reductions.
They go into the best series with those releases.
On the Wii U, haha, nothing until September.
There is nothing in the entire month of August on the Wii U.
But PlayStation Vita, man, that is still kicking over in Japan.
Gal Gun Double Piece out there as well as Luminous Arc Infinity and Musou Orochi 2 Ultimate
gets a price reduction on the Vita this week.
At first when he said Luminous Arc Infinity, I was like, this is another Luminous game?
Not the puzzle game.
Not to be confused with the puzzle game.
Thank you for making me clarify that.
On the Nintendo 3DS this week, there's some accessories, like you can get some new stretchy
touch pens and new pouches, but as far as actual games go, there's Nobunaga no Yabu
2 comes out in a regular and premium box and Sango Kushi 2 comes out in regular and
premium box.
There's also one other game, Banban Ribbon Tokimeki Korede Kira Kira Dance comes out
and I shit you not, this appears to be a game with fuzzy, cute, pink animals and bunnies
that you dress up and they dance, like Hakune Mitsu style or something like that.
This game looks like a birthday cake threw up all over a video game and that's what
you have here in this.
But it looks cute.
I kind of want it.
I don't know.
Anyway, just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game.
How about Europe?
Oh I'm sorry, of course Europe!
One of those being what's coming out in Europe.
One game, Rare Replay for Xbone.
Oh they get it early over there, lucky.
Oh no, that's next week for us too.
That's on the 4th.
Yeah.
Well that's an important game.
Yes.
Alright.
Now, a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week.
Loki.
It's just seriously the week of games being delayed from Kickstarter.
And the next one, Amplitude.
Yes, that's being delayed as well.
But they're adding more stuff to it.
It's just going to be coming out now at the end of 2015.
So now, instead of the original 16 tracks it was going to have, they're going to have
30 plus additional songs for backers.
That's a lot of music.
And it's going to be coming out on Playstation 4 this year and I guess there is a Playstation
3 version coming out later and they said that also a wide release will be happening
early 2016.
So the backers are going to get the Playstation 4 this year?
Yeah, I guess so.
But the rest of us have to wait until 2016.
Yeah, that's stupid.
Ok, well, whatever.
That was part of the perks for kickstarting the game.
So whatever.
Alright, cool.
Hope it's not buggy or anything like that.
There you go.
Alright and if you are interested in this, I don't know how many of you guys like LootCrate.
I know some folks, that's a big thing for unboxing videos and stuff.
People like to get their loot and then unbox it.
But apparently Nintendo is going to be following suit with something similar.
Nintendo over in the UK is going to be offering a special subscription service that is kind
of a response in some ways to LootCrate.
This will be called the N-Box and will have Nintendo themed toys, clothes, and other accessories.
You can just buy the N-Box by itself or you can subscribe to a 3, 6, or 12 month plan.
Now I guess right now this is considered a rumor status but it does come from a source
that tends to get these things right.
So no comment from the official Nintendo UK store as of yet.
The N-Box.
The N-Box.
So is the first shipment going to be the N-Box one?
No.
I think what will happen with the N-Box is that they're only going to have 10 of them.
And so you'll have to show up at 7am to collect tickets and hope that you are one of the lucky
ones that gets to buy one of the N-Boxes.
You open up an empty box.
Sorry.
This is hell of a custom.
It's a rain check in the box is what it is.
Sorry we couldn't make enough of them.
Sorry about that.
Artetsuya in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, I'm hyped for this.
I hope they bring it out over here.
Hell, I have my Mario characters, enemies, items shirt on right now.
So let me get this straight.
Let's just assume that this rumor is true.
Instead of you purchasing Nintendo products and redeeming a code to go online to get something
for free that's a tchotchke, they're like, you know what?
We could fuck these people over even more and make money doing it by offering these
tchotchkes instead of as a free reward for purchasing their products because none of
the people do that.
We're instead going to have you buy these products and we'll give you these tchotchkes
instead through that by paying us more money.
Good job.
Well you never know, to be fair, and this would be kind of interesting, since you can
buy these N-Boxes apparently by themselves, wouldn't it be interesting if whatever future
reward program Nintendo has incorporates these little boxes?
I am really surprised, instead of an N-Box, it's not a question mark block like they have
in games, right?
Where you open it and there's coins.
Anyway, forget it.
One of the things that we got arrived in a question mark box.
Oh really?
From one of the last Club Nintendo registration deals.
We have a big group of Mario characters.
Well okay, since that was part of Club Nintendo, maybe whatever the successor is, maybe we'll
have the N-Box and maybe instead of things selling out so quick on the store, it'll just
be a random company.
When are we going to hear about the successor of Club Nintendo?
I don't know.
Maybe they're waiting for the NX or Mobile or something.
It would either be Tokyo Game Show or, you know, Nintendo can do the direct whenever
they want.
Nintendo thing and just keep waiting.
Keep waiting for those good games to come, keep waiting for everything to come out.
Alright, well I'm sure Loki can't wait for this also.
One other quick little thing on products here.
Loki, I'm sure, can't wait for Super Mario themed Hot Wheels cars.
That's right, Nintendo and Mattel teaming up for Super Mario themed Hot Wheels cars.
There is a Super Mario World car, a Super Mario Brothers, Dr. Mario, Super Mario Kart,
Super Mario Brothers 2, and Super Mario Brothers 3.
As someone pointed out, it was kind of funny, but apparently the Dr. Mario car is a hearse?
Actually it is.
It does appear to be a hearse.
That is actually hilarious.
And the Mario Kart car, though, it's an old T-Bird.
It's one of the cars we saw driving down the road yesterday, Dark Soccer.
It's not an actual kart.
You mean Model T?
Yeah, Model T. It's crazy.
We saw like, what, five of them in a row?
Yeah, there was definitely some classic car show going on, wasn't there?
So anyway, also, I should point this out, is that I have seen the Atari 2600 Hot Wheels.
So Hot Wheels doing video game related things is not unheard of.
So this is kind of interesting that they moved on from their 2600 license to now they're
doing these Super Mario cars.
So that's kind of neat, though.
Now I just need one of those sets that, you know, you pull back the spring or whatever
and it launches your car around a loop.
That's what I need.
Just go to any toy store.
Remember that cool shit from when we were kids?
Oh yeah, they sell a piece mail now.
It's super expensive.
Of course they do.
Of course they do.
All right, well before back in the day, before they were putting video games on Hot Wheels,
they were putting video games on t-shirts and posters and there was no Hot Wheels.
But there was classic games and every week Dark Sakura steps into the vault and finds
a classic game that she thinks, hey, you ungrateful little shits, stop playing with your Hot Wheels
and play a real game.
Damn it.
Play this M-rated game instead.
Dark Sakura is going to step into the gaming vault and find a classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what have you picked for this week's classic game of the week?
Resident Evil Code Veronica, which was Biohazard Code Veronica.
Basically this was the one that came out on Dreamcast.
It was released in 2000 and it was the first Resident Evil title to show up on anything
that Sony did not make.
So this was cool.
It focused on Claire, Chris and Steve, who we called Mini DiCaprio back in the day.
Yeah, because he looked like a floppy haired Leonardo DiCaprio.
And I also will say I am cheating because the only video I could find was the PlayStation
2 version.
So sorry, I am cheating a little bit.
Well, that was the updated version.
Came out, which was Code Veronica X, which had new cut scenes, a few graphical changes.
It came out on the Dreamcast in Japan and PlayStation 2 worldwide.
It also came out on GameCube and there's a high death remaster on Xbox 360 and PlayStation
3.
And that came out in 2011.
Sony basically, it's really just more Resident Evil goodness.
The camera is a little bit different instead of just following you around.
It swings between different angles.
And then you've got a couple weapons you can fire from a first person point of view, like
the sniper rifle and the linear launcher.
You can also play in first person mode using a minigame, you can unlock it.
One of the things that I liked is that this particular one also came out on Arcade as
Gun Survivor 2, which I've gotten to play.
It always made me think that the Dreamcast should have let you use the controller on
the gun to play this one.
And then shoot on screen in the first person mode, that would have been so much fun.
But yeah, in this one you play as Claire Redfield and Chris Redfield, and you control them at
different points of times.
You start Claire for the first half and Chris for the second half.
And Chris can use all of Claire's weapons and all that.
It actually plays a lot more like, I'd say, Nemesis did.
You can also unlock different secret characters too.
You can play as Wesker, or you can play as Steve.
And there's the battle game mode and all kinds of different stuff.
So as far as this one, there were, like I said, multiple rereleases.
We had the Code Veronica X, we had the rereleases later.
And then there was also Gun Survivor 2, which oddly enough my article here does not reference
at all.
It was great.
Oh yeah, there is actually one about it.
Okay.
So it was adapted into Resident Evil Survivor 2 Code Veronica, which is Biohazard Gun Survivor
2 Code Veronica in Japan, which is a first person shooter that you could play with the
giant gun and it ran on the NAOMI hardware.
It didn't really have much to do with the plot, but a lot of it played the same way.
You could play it with the gun con on the Playstation 2, and it was just kind of a different
interesting one.
It was really fun.
And then you got Resident Evil Dark Side Chronicles, which is a rail shooter game on Wii that was
based off of Resident Evil 2 and Code Veronica.
So overall it was a really good game.
It really showed off the Dreamcast nicely and had one of the best intros in it.
So I'd say this one's definitely a solid release for the Dreamcast.
All right.
And then of course if you missed it on Dreamcast, it's like everywhere else because the 360...
I remember the 360 one and there's lots of videos out there of that one too, very, very
crisp and high def for the last generation.
There's no excuse to not check this game out.
Not at all.
Here it is, Resident Evil Code Veronica, the Dreamcast, Playstation 2, Xbox 360, classic
game of the week.
All right, we're going to take a quick break folks, but when we come back, there is plenty
more show to come.
Rapid fire news, your answers to the FUCL Question of the Week and more news, your phone
calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday afternoon with episode
number 608 of our show, August the 2nd of 2015, In Progress.
Again, this is an early show, so you're turning into VOG Network thinking I was going to hear
music right now.
No, OLR is on a little bit early today, so Dark Soccer and I can indulge in a meat buffet
later this evening with our dear friend, Victoria, who is moving on to sunnier adventures as
if things could get any sunnier in Southern California.
So I don't know about you, Dark Soccer, are you looking forward to meat, tasty, tasty
meat?
Mm, meata.
We're talking about where we go to, there's this Brazilian place we love to go to where
they have the big...
Never been.
Oh, that's right, you've never been.
I've heard about the elusive creature known as Espituse.
Well, then that's kind of a double great thing, is that not only do we get a chance
to say goodbye to Victoria, who's texting me right now wondering if we're going to hang
out before.
I like how it all came down though, because I texted Victoria going, I'm sad that you're
leaving, we should hang out.
Because I was going to try to go yesterday, but she had to work or something.
And so we talked about Sunday and she's like, well, if Rob does my move in the show, then
we should hang out.
I was like, we should go get dinner.
And next thing I know, there's an event up.
Yeah.
Well, and I certainly wanted a chance to hang out with her too, so I'm kind of glad it worked
out this way.
And I'm sure the listeners understand once in a while, there's going to be a personal
engagement.
Once in a time, Victoria trumps OLR.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And well, I mean, it's a dual win thing because we get asked once in a while from our overseas
fans, when are you going to do a show that I don't have to stay up till 3 a.m. to listen
to?
So it's a win-win situation.
So everybody wins, except those who forgot we were taping early today.
So there you go.
Uh, anyhow, let's get back into some gaming news after all we are here to talk about video
gaming.
Who knows Dark Soccer, if we have time today, maybe you and I, it would just depend on time.
Maybe you and I will end up over in Japantown and we can go to that arcade and play the
table flipping game.
You know what?
If we go there, I'd be playing, um, pop and music.
Yeah.
Pop and music is really fun.
I like Taiko No Tachi- or Taiko No Tachi- so I can, I can beat the drum.
You want to beat on the drum all day?
Yeah.
I don't want to work.
I have some, a legitimate reason to go there because we need cutting boards since I have
to go to Daiso for a bit.
Nice.
If we go.
And hey, I need games for my Japanese PlayStation Vita.
Remember that?
My Heavensward Vita I got a couple?
Oh yeah.
I wanted to look.
There's a movie.
I was telling you about it.
Except you can just go out to any store to pick up any game.
Yeah, no, I know it's region free.
But still, I feel like I need a Japanese game in my Japanese Vita.
Well, I was also mentioning to you that like one of my favorite old, um, Japanese revenge
movies is an actor's revenge.
It was Yukino Joe Henge and, um, it's like seriously one of the best movies ever.
And I want to see if I can find it on, uh, Blu-ray.
So instead of going to Amazon for it.
Even though it's probably way overpriced because this is exactly where you'd expect to find
something like this.
I still need to get a copy of Spirited Away on Blu-ray because I guess a lot of the Miyazaki
stuff got re-released on Blu-ray.
So Spirited Away is one of my very favorites.
I like looking around at, uh, Japan Video though.
Yeah.
So.
Excellent.
We could talk about travels and adventures all day long, but we'll spare you and get
back into some video game chat.
So let's do some rapid fire news.
News that just, we just don't have time to talk about a long time, but we'll spend a
little time on this.
One last thing.
Awesome news stories done quick.
This is your trivia for the day.
Apparently the announcer for Smash Brothers was the announcer for Bill Nye the Science
Guy.
I did not know that.
Now you know.
The more you know.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, news stories.
Loki.
Fallout 4 is not going to have mod support when it's launched, which is like a duh because
most games when they're released don't have mod support because the tools aren't out there.
And that is exactly why it's not going to be available when Fallout 4 is launched.
Because guess what?
They're not going to have the tools available to make mods.
That doesn't mean I don't think you wouldn't see those on PC because people don't like
to wait for tools.
They'll just do whatever the fuck they want.
But the official tools won't be made available until later on.
So don't be disappointed.
They will come eventually.
And along with that, we've also got a pretty cool expansion coming out for Don't Starve.
Shipwrecked.
And I really need to play this game.
I have it installed on my Playstation 4 and I just haven't gotten around to it yet.
It's fun.
But it is coming out later this fall.
It's going to have new playable areas, characters, seasonal effects, creatures, and they said
it's described as a sea-bound journey.
So I guess I'll have to check it out when it comes out.
And then last but not least, Terraria is going to be coming out to the Wii U.
And guess what?
It's got local and online multiplayer.
Online multiplayer?
Well, not a Wii U game.
It's only something you would see from a third party.
Oh, it is a third party.
Also the 3DS version of the game will be coming out shortly as well.
And that one though only supports up to four player local multiplayer.
That's kind of cool though.
At least it has some multiplayer.
Hopefully they'll be getting all those nice free updates that they do for the game.
Well, let's move on and talk about Rare Replay.
I am very excited about this collection that's coming out because there's so many great games
in it.
Although really all I need is Snake, Rattle, and Roll.
Is there anything else that anybody actually wants to play in this collection?
It's Snake, Rattle, and Roll and a bunch of other shit.
Well, Rare Replay is coming out and of course it has 30 games from Rare's history in it.
I suppose RC Pro-Am.
I would understand if that's one that you're looking forward to as well.
However, you know some games got left out because Rare made more than 30 games and some
games got left out.
You know, like Wizards and Warriors for example.
So you never know though.
During a Twitch live stream, James Thomas from Rare said that cutting down the list
to just 30 was pretty hard.
And there's a chance that DLC could happen for more.
Which of course, you would think of course something like that's going to happen.
But here's the quote.
There's a wealth of titles that we could dip into.
A huge heritage beyond the 30 that we chose.
But that's what made choosing the 30 so hard in the first place.
We had to put aside our personal preferences.
We hope we've done that.
But you never know.
There could be space for more.
Dun dun dun.
Anyhow on a serious note, Diablo 3.
You know I love that game.
I haven't played it in a little while.
But I know there's a new big patch on its way for it.
But this was really cool in Diablo 3 what they did.
There's an update for Diablo 3 that's going to be paying tribute to Kevin Kani Griffith
who was an artist at Blizzard who passed away.
Unfortunately in October of 2014, Kevin Griffith passed away from a rare form of cancer known
as ASPS.
So Kani's cube is actually, I did not realize that, the big cube that is going to be in
the game is actually named after him.
So I knew that this was a huge part of the patch.
I did not realize that it was actually in memory of this guy.
That's pretty cool.
And it's going to be like the horror dick cube in Diablo 2.
This is going to be a game changer.
So that's a very great way to memorialize someone that they all respected there at Blizzard.
Last but not least, a new Splatfest.
I know a lot of you guys love Splatfest.
And of course, what teams?
You have to know what teams are going to face off against each other because what?
We had cats and dogs, right?
That was a huge one.
And then of course we had water slides and roller coasters, right?
Who won that one?
Roller coasters of course.
They had to win.
Of course.
They had to win that one.
Well, this one's interesting.
Coming up Nintendo of America on 8-7 from 9 p.m. Pacific through 8-8 at 9 p.m. Pacific
we'll be doing marshmallows versus hot dogs.
Of course hot dogs.
Hot dogs.
Because marshmallows are disgusting.
Here's the thing though.
My favorite flavor of...
Try not to get sick, Darkseidro, but I have to say it.
My favorite flavor of Jelly Belly is the toast of marshmallow.
I love it.
There's no accounting for taste.
So good.
I'll tell you what.
I really don't mind that flavor, but I think marshmallows themselves, the texture and the
gooey and it's like eating someone's body refuse.
Not to be triggering, but can you stand it if it's melted like cream?
Is that okay?
No.
I hate the taste.
I hate the texture.
The only time I can eat them is when they've been burned to a crisp and all of the gooeyness
is now this crispy vanilla flavored goodness.
Well, to be fair, the whole reason they chose these two, of course, is they want to know
what you'd rather roast over a campfire.
My enemies.
Well, you can do that in Splatoon.
There you go.
You can, you can splatter them with the blood of your enemies.
Oh boy.
I thought I heard about other...
They should have just done, you know, which would you rather have, you know, cannibalism
or calamari?
Oh, Lord.
Um, oh yeah, there are different ones too.
So Europe gets a completely different one.
So you know what Europe gets?
This one's, this was kind of stupid.
I'm sorry, Europe.
I know this is your day today.
Well damn, if that's stupid compared to, you know, marshmallows and hot dogs.
This is even worse than marshmallows versus hot dogs.
You ready for this?
North pole versus South pole.
Really?
I would pick South pole because that's the only one that actually exists.
You know, which I think would be a fun one would be Marmite versus Vegemite.
Maybe they're both gross.
Why don't you send that over to Nintendo of Australia?
It could be very international.
I vote for option three stripper pole.
I believe stripper pole versus lap dance.
Japan was having one as well that I'm saying this off the top of my head.
I think it was milk tea and lemon tea.
Milk tea.
I see.
But I like, I like lemon tea.
Milk tea is milk tea makes me gassy.
I'm sensing, I'm sensing a listless perhaps.
What do we do?
We did that.
Didn't we?
Oh no, it was a match game question.
Remember when we did match game because, uh, uh, Alan said something really nasty for one
of his answers.
Something like cream pie versus bukkake or something really nasty.
All out versus cow pie.
Uh, remember I did, um, Cylon occupied Caprica versus non-silon occupied Caprica.
Remember?
Oh, now that that's what I want to see.
Humans versus Cylons.
Get on it, Nintendo.
I just don't think it's relevant anymore.
What?
How dare you?
Yes.
Dark Galactica will always be relevant.
I don't care if it's been 10 years, always, anyway, moving on, so much for rapid fire
news.
Uh, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us for rapid fire news?
Well, um, we have some news about Five Nights at Freddy's movie.
I just keep looking at this picture and I think I want it for my desktop.
Um, but oh, there's a nice picture of Chica's teeth.
Are you going to drag me to see the Five Nights movie?
Hell yeah.
I kind of want to see it and I just, you know, I'm not a huge, so they have, um, Gil
Keenan who is actually, um, on the Poltergeist remake is a director and co-writer, which
honestly enough, the, um, I'm very interested in the Poltergeist remake because Poltergeist
is like my favorite movie is my favorite kids movie.
I heard it wasn't offensively bad as far as remakes go.
Did it already come out?
That's kind of a compliment.
Yeah.
Didn't it?
I thought, I thought it did.
Cause I didn't hear anything about it.
I could be wrong.
Chatters, do you know?
Cause I don't follow movies as well.
Anyway, um, it's going to be something that's supposed to be loyal to, you know, loyal to
the story for the fans, but not like, you know, Wes Craven, you know, quality.
And then, um, there's a story about, uh, Squeenix going out with Yasunori Mitsuda, um, to, uh,
do a 20th anniversary Chrono Trigger, uh, album.
So, uh, I'm actually super excited about that.
And now the name of it, and I'm going to have to read it a little slowly cause it's really
is, um, Haruka Naruto Kinoka Nata He is really long.
The far beyond the distant time anyway, or which would be too far away times.
So, uh, albums with new arrangements, um, for Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross.
So very excited about that.
I wonder if I could actually say that fast, but I'm not going to try.
Um, also Final Fantasy Explorers is going to be coming out to the 3DS, um, on January
26th, 2016, which is basically Crystals and War and Planet Power and Monster Hunting.
So all the Final Fantasies.
Well it's, I say that because it's Final Fantasies franchise's answer to Monster Hunter.
It plays a lot like a Monster Hunter game.
Uh, Shane has it on the Japanese 3DS cause it's been out in Japan and I wondered where
the hell it was at E3, but I guess that answers that.
They were just sitting on it as a January game.
So that's cool.
I'm happy we're getting it.
So all right, there it is.
Your rapid fire news.
Fifth Dream says the Blu-ray is out already for Poltergeist.
I had no idea.
I knew it was out in theaters or I was pretty convinced.
I kind of forgot about keeping up with it cause I mean, I loved the first one.
But I guess it means I have to get the Blu-ray and watch it.
Oh no, Fifth Dream says he was looking at the wrong one, but soon.
Well yeah, I have the Blu-ray of the original.
The third one used to give me freaking nightmares because of the mirrors.
I just like the little gypsy lady.
She's my favorite.
That was Zelda Rubinstein.
That's it, yeah.
And Zelda Rubinstein was also in the Teen Witch, which was a fun, bad movie.
Fifth Dream says September 20th for the Blu-ray.
So it's already out of the theaters then, well shit.
Check the second run theaters.
I was gonna say, yeah, check Sunrise or something like that.
You never know.
Movie day!
OLR movie day.
We're gonna go see Poltergeist.
Wait, why am I volunteering to see a scary movie?
Nevermind.
Yay, Rob!
Dark Soccer and Loki could go without Rob.
Oh yeah, I only go if there's cheesecake involved.
Okay, there'll be cheesecake involved.
Yes!
Can you like sneak cheesecake into the theater?
I think they sell cheesecake bites.
I'm pretty sure is like a movie smell.
Oh, it came out May 22nd.
This should still be running.
Yeah, you never know.
Oh.
Alright.
Speaking of Poltergeist, no I've got nothing.
We're gonna go to the Fookle Question of the Week.
Every week we check our Facebook and our Google Plus fan communities.
We ask a question and we read some of our favorite answers here on the show.
This week we asked our listeners about the Loot Crate thing, the End Box.
It looks as though Nintendo may launch a Loot Crate rival of sorts.
Would you be interested in a mystery box full of gaming-related surprises from Nintendo
every month?
If not Nintendo, is there another gaming company or franchise you'd like to get random treats
from every month?
So let's go to Facebook and see who answered us over there.
We have a few answers.
The off hour worked out for getting more answers this week.
Fabrice from Belgium I think is starting us off tonight saying a Sega Loot Crate naturally,
although the Loot Crates really seem hit or miss.
Every month you would just get a recycled Master System game over and over again because
that's what Sega's business is these days.
That was a little bit of reading.
Sonic with legs that keep getting longer and longer and longer.
And more bandages.
Are you ready to make some crazy money?
Tech 2030 says if this was a few years ago I would have jumped on something like this.
Lately I've been pretty minimalistic when it comes to video games.
Hardly any physical games, no memorabilia, only one home console and one handheld.
Cutting back, that's like an Amish gamer's lifestyle right there.
Andy R says I'm not into Loot Crate in general.
I love physical goods like figures and physical games but I barely have enough room for the
stuff I buy.
I don't need what seems like a mess of overstocked junk to add even more clutter and that'll
probably extend to anything Nintendo tries in this space.
Silent Tom says I would love to get random goodies every month from the Street Fighter
franchise and would love to get monthly for The Legend of Zelda.
I would be so broke but it would be so worth it.
You know a fucking amiibo is going to be in these fucking end boxes.
There's going to be a random fucking amiibo or those Animal Crossing cards.
There's going to be things like that in these stinking boxes.
Hey anyway, Critical Myth says it depends on whether the service sticks to the original
randomness of Loot Crate or takes after the newer services that have taken it a step further
into more targeted, better selections.
Dark Tetsuya says I've lost count of the number of Nintendo themed t-shirts I own so sure,
sign me up.
I do agree there ought to be a favorite franchises option somewhere so you're guaranteed the
stuff you like most.
Joda Star replied and said I think of all these subscription boxes are a cool idea but
I prefer to find my own memorabilia.
I would maybe consider a Star Wars box.
Well with the movie coming out you never know, everybody's going to want to get in on Star
Wars fever.
It's that hype, that hype train is going to roll all the way through December and on into
the following movies.
William Murderface says I would like to see a blizzard service where you could get physical
memorabilia.
A plushy battle cruiser would be awesome and digital goodies, maybe even some skins or
some mounts.
That's a really good idea.
You know Blizzard has a whole cult of fans, that's something they could start, give a
little bit of that bag that you get at Blizzcon throughout the year.
And lastly on Facebook, Justin H says if I could pick a specific developer it would have
to be BioWare.
Star Wars, Mass Effect and Dragon Age would be all I ever need.
Unfortunately space for goodies is starting to get limited after having my first child
and I would hate to end up as the Lego movie dad who has so much awesome stuff and won't
let his kid play with any of it.
I love it.
Although I think Dark Soccer might agree with you there, just a hunch on the BioWare loot
crate might be something.
I'd be down for that.
I think so too.
That was not something I realized I wanted until just now.
I would love a Lego loot crate if it wasn't so expensive.
Right?
Because that shit is expensive.
Well we have a couple, sorry Fifth Dream in chat I have to read this, Fifth Dream in chat
says Star Wars box, 1 Vader eraser, 14 Jar Jar stickers, and a piece of hairy Chewbacca
gum.
Love it.
We do have some answers over on Google Plus though, hey despite the news that apparently
Google Plus is, everybody is saying rest in peace you're dead, buy Google Plus, I still
see people using it and maybe that's because I play Ingress and that's how Ingress players
talk to each other is all through Google Plus.
It's really only for YouTube that they're not going to force you to make a Google Plus
account for.
Yeah so I don't know but hey until people stop using it I can plan on continuing to
post the question on Google Plus.
It's an easy copy paste job.
Redertainment says there's an independent record store out here called Gray Whale that
buys, sells, and trades video games, music, DVDs, vinyl, and other sort of things.
I'd like to see a Gray Whale loot crate type of thing.
So it sounds like Dimple for us locally.
They are exactly like Dimple.
It would be a great way for them to get rid of all the wrestling DVDs people trade in.
Oh god that's how they could get rid of like the 20,000 copies of you know old Madden games
that come through the store.
That would be garbage then.
Just give people random garbage when they purchase them.
But when it's in a mystery box and you can put it on YouTube locally.
I remember like there was one time there was a guy that was buying a bunch of junk that
was in our warehouse and one of the things he ended up buying was it was literally like
49 copies of like the original Xbox like Madden, it's like a old ass Madden game.
Madden like 2005 or I don't even remember what it was.
It's just some old ass Madden game that there was just a ton of copies of.
I feel like as an art project because those things have only got to cost like what one
or two bucks a pop.
As an art project we should buy like a bunch of them and build a sculpture out of old Madden
games.
I don't know.
Maybe it's...
Create Madden out of Madden.
Yes.
Create Madden out of Madden.
I love it.
All right.
And then lastly, Act Def says this sounds like a cool thing though I would also be down
with having a Pokemon Center loot crate.
They have a lot of cool merchandise.
So something maybe targeted a little bit.
Well don't worry when they release all of those Pokemon amiibo because there's going
to be hundreds of them.
I'm sure that they can include a few in the loot crates.
There you go.
All those extra boxes.
All the little like Pokemon that nobody wants.
All the little like...
I can't even think of the names off the top of my head but like I remember when Burger
King did the Pokemon toys and like half of them were that little thing.
It looked like a turd and it was like a cave thing.
It looked like a poop.
It was a poop-ymon.
Aw dookie.
Dookie you stench.
It's super offensive.
All right.
Anyway.
There you go.
That's it for the Frugal Question of the Week.
So let's get back into some more news and of course in just a little while your phone
calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
Loki.
All right.
So you know PlayStation Plus has been a pretty good program they've had going where you get
lots of nice games and stuff for free and now you may have a little bit of a say in
that.
Apparently they are going to be opening up voting for members to pick maybe the next
games that will be part of the instant game collection.
I guess they will be once the game has been support or whatever game gets the most support
it will be automatically added to the future month's lineup.
So apparently it says for the first vote the titles that aren't selected will be available
at a member's discount.
That's kind of neat I guess.
Where are the titles though is what I want to know.
Yeah I want to know what are we all talking about like which ones are we going to get
to really vote for.
Aw man, Knack.
Well actually I'm surprised Knack still hasn't shown up as a PlayStation Plus game.
I kind of assumed that would have happened by now but it still hasn't so kind of interesting.
But you know I mean PlayStation Plus as it is is already a great deal.
I mean there's so many games I really think maybe wouldn't have been as big if it wasn't
for PlayStation Plus and I think Rocket League is a great example of that.
I still need to try out Injustice Gods Among Us which I downloaded like ages ago.
Yeah that was a lot of fun that's a good one.
Well get this I mean this is the game that refuses to die and you can take that in many
different ways.
P.T. that's right Silent Hills the playable trailer P.T. is back sort of.
Well here's the thing Konami might have erased it from the store but this developer and I'm
sorry if I'm mispronouncing your name but Farhan Qureshi recreated P.T. in Unity for
the PC and he's releasing it for free.
Qureshi is an aspiring game developer living in Calgary, Alberta.
Well I don't know if Konami is going to necessarily throw you a job but hopefully somebody else
will because it's pretty impressive.
Qureshi recreated P.T. to showcase it at a workshop that he's going to be teaching.
It's called Punity with the P and the T capitalized.
For the record.
Get it?
P.Unity.
Not just PC.
Oh.
Mac and Linux as well.
Nice.
Oh it's only mentioned here on PC that's great.
Well that makes sense too because it's Unity it could be easily ported to other platforms
so hooray.
You can actually download that for free and apparently the internet pretty happy with
that.
It's not apparently a 100% recreation but you know it's obviously probably doesn't have
the trailer at the end or any of that stuff but still that's pretty awesome.
Get it while you can.
I mean it's on the internet so it's never going to disappear now but I'm sure come Monday
Konami will be sending a cease and desist but at the same time what does the company
have to lose?
I mean they're not putting it out there anymore.
The game's out there for free.
This guy's not trying to charge for it so I say let it be but I have a feeling Konami
will sue.
Download it before.
So I mean it's on the internet now.
It's on torrent sites every I mean it's it's a done deal.
Konami cannot erase this at this point.
So there you go.
Check that out.
I think that's really cool.
I would like to just check it out just to see maybe like what the differences are.
Oh God is that going to have to be a live stream.
Oh God oh God oh God.
That would be awesome.
I'm downloading it from my Mac right now.
Nice nice.
All right.
Well while you download check out the next news story as well there Sakura.
Well you know we've been going on for what is it now a couple of years now about the
whole net neutrality thing.
Well ISPs are now saying that their information service and not telecommunications services.
They've filed a 95 page brief at the U.S. Court of Appeals to try to make see that they're
not a I would say included with any of the legislation gone against them for right now.
So one of the things that it says on there is that no matter how many computer mediated
features the FCC may sweep under the rug the inescapable core of the Internet access is
a service that uses computer processing to enable consumers to retrieve files from the
World Wide Web.
People still use that word and browse their contents and thus offers the capability for
acquiring retrieving and utilizing information.
Yeah I think they're just trying to still stiff people for money.
So let's wait for that one to fail shall we.
This here's the thing that's kind of ironic though where you know they're trying to call
themselves an information service but doesn't Comcast actually sell a phone line that uses
your Internet like and that's part of their whole bundle thing and I hate because like
I mean sorry but who needs a landline anymore.
Like at least from my perspective maybe other people you need home security now because
that's the next thing that they're including with it.
OK but at least that sounds like so and again that uses the Internet right.
It just sends you it takes all the video is the information service beams it through.
Yeah it's it's it's telecommunications.
It seems weird to me because they're using a phone line through the Internet and trying
to say that it's not it.
Well I'm picking on Comcast but a lot of companies do this.
It's stupid.
Do you have a PC.
Yes.
Is there a PC that's remotely somewhere out there in another part of the world.
Yes.
Are they communicating with each other.
It's fucking communication.
It's communicating over you.
You should be a lawyer like a stupid.
It's stupid.
It's just like this is about as dumb as when fucking Sony said hey guess what the PlayStation
3.
It's a computer.
It's not a game console.
It's a computer because we don't play pair taxes or some shit like that.
It's a fucking game console is because you can put Linux on it doesn't make it anymore.
So it's definitely not a computer now just like rumble isn't a feature.
That's last gen.
Who needs rumble.
Entertainment and chat over at live.vog network dot com says Loki should be a judge.
I think I kind of agree with that.
Loki I would watch a judge Loki show well I want to see receipts and that I've seen
those receipts.
I don't give a shit.
I'm still filing the answer dark dark Tetsuya in our chat room says Loki O.L.R.'s ace attorney.
There you go objection anyway.
Now quickly before we get into Loki's next story I did want to mention the chat room
was saying where can they get that punity demo demo because I didn't even give out the
URL.
I'm sorry I didn't give it out because it's a long URL so I can't really read it but you
can check out the guy's website.
It's the dash outline dot com and then there's slash portfolio slash punity dash p t dash
hallway dash recreation.
I really think you should probably just Google p t hallway recreation PC unity or punity
although well I don't know you might get a lot of other stuff with that word but hopefully
put a link in the chat room and probably yes I did put a link in chat.
So hopefully if you're listening to this on the podcast feed I'm sure it's it's on a lot
of gaming news sites out there because obviously people love p t and wanted to play Silent
Hills but L.O.L. oops anyhow back in some other news Loki.
So you may remember we talked about a story about harebrained schemes the company that
brought out shadow run out for PC not too long ago they're talking about hey you know
what we're thinking about going back into some of the older I.P.s that Jordan Weisman
owns and maybe bringing those back and everyone's like oh my goodness what could that be could
it be cringe of the skies or battle tech well it's going to be battle tech and they're going
to be launching a new kickstarter for battle tech.
It's going to be a turn based game and that's going to be coming to kickstarter later this
year I am looking forward to that ironically I did back shadow run I have shadow run and
much like about ninety nine percent of the games on my steam library I have not played
shadowrun I mean I even have the expansion I also have shadowrun online and I still have
not played that either so I am a terrible consumer no you're a great consumer great
you buy shit and then you don't even use it well no they would probably have a gym membership
because that's exactly the type of customer they want yeah I don't have a gym membership
you know don't get one all right Loki maybe this is another game you'll add to your library
although knowing you you probably won't even let this touch your computer it is finally
happening you guys angry birds 2 is coming and here's the thing you're probably thinking
to yourself hasn't there already been angry birds 2 believe it or not no there's been
angry birds star wars transformers Rio apparently there was even a mario kart angry bird yeah
there was Rio because wasn't that a movie or something yes Rio was a movie I don't know
but now angry birds 2 I think the game would have been much better if Duran Duran had done
the soundtrack I think so too Duran Duran makes everything better well maybe Duran Duran
will lend the reflex to angry birds 2 well all I need to know is this game is not by
King good okay cool then I don't know it's Rovio oh I have no problem with Rovio there
it is Rovio is not evil here's the thing you're still doing you're still flinging the birds
the pigs but now we've got multi-stage levels boss piggy battles and so on Rovio by the
way they've had some financial difficulties lately so kind of not a surprise that angry
birds 2 is coming but here's here's my question are people going to care because I really
think with a lot of these phone games a lot of them are very flash-in-the-pan sorts of
things that lightning doesn't tend to strike twice glad you asked that what the what's
the flappy bird guy doing now well probably rolling in his piles of money that he never
expected to make but I mean I mean and then what Zinga spent all that money to buy draw
something and nobody fucking plays that anymore so it's like really I was thinking for a little
I'm back to words with friends though most people I know quit when Zinga bought them
like everybody was like I'm out what were you gonna say Logie I said I'm glad you were
asking about how how they would respond to that well boy anger birds 2 was downloaded
one million times in the half a day wow so apparently pretty well I guess so so much
for what I was thinking so I guess Dark Sakura is suggesting that perhaps for Angry Birds
2 Rio they could have Duran Duran you know who doesn't want to knock over some pigs to
this this would be like the best this is like boss battle music right here well Angry Birds
2 does feature boss pigs exactly that's what I'm singing you know it's funny though Dan didn't
realize that Duran Duran was named after the Barbarella movie oh yeah because of dr. Duran
Duran yeah didn't they actually have a song called Barbara electro Barbarella later on it's like one
of the later songs that came out was like their comeback song or something like that no in the 90
they did well that wasn't the same album in the 90s that did come undone and no let your
Barbarella was before that and then they did the the whole revival in the 90s but anyway 80s 90s
whatever fifth dream in chat says this is like the erasure song in robot unicorn attack it makes the
game yes it does there you go always needs to be in everything and fifth dream says the song you
forgot was ordinary world how could a DDR player forget that song but come undone was also on the
same album is what I love that song is my favorite Duran Duran song yeah on my favorite Duran Duran
song would probably be hungry like the wolf I like the didn't they do a James Bond they did James
one they yeah they did you know yeah if you don't like it was also a good one not a great Bond movie
but it did have um grace she had grace Jones it's a great Bond movie it was just not the good Bond
actor but it had no Jones in it no and I like I actually really super love like James Bond movies
it's kind of one of those things I don't really talk about Dan yeah but he was funny is like it
had the most cheeseball line in it oh what if you to a kill yeah they always have to work in the
title Oh 80s yeah so which I am so I remember it's the bond no one liked um not as a Dalton
no it wasn't Dalton it was pre Dalton anyway I'm gonna have to look at him now but um I cannot
wait for specter I am so excited and I love that they cast what's your name for the matrix Monica
Bellucci is that her name she's now 50 Roger Moore Roger Moore that's it's Roger Moore but
um Monica Bellucci she's what now 50 and they cast her as the Bond girl I think that's rad
freaking gorgeous she's gorgeous good for her so that's amazing anyway if you know I kill came out
in 1985 I know it's it was kind of in that I was nine there was a real dead period cuz there's one
more after that in 88 right and then there was like a huge gap before golden I golden I was so
good golden I was like fucking Tina Turner Switzerland's best citizen I actually think I
need to see now I just need to see a bad movie with Tina Turner in it so I say let's watch Mad
Max Beyond the Thunderdome I was just gonna say Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome bad movies with
Tina Turner but it has an awesome theme song it does favorite Bond movie oh fuck um I think I'd
have to go with dr. no hmm or maybe octopussy hmm I would say see you know I like cheesy ones right
so which one which which is like the cheesiest Bond film they ever did you wouldn't go with a
view to a kill we know I mean cuz Grace Jones is awesome I do love Grace Jones but live and let
die is my favorite Paul McCartney doing the guy that gets blown up at the end it's yeah Paul
McCartney did that and then it got covered by Gunther Rogers that's right Loki what's your favorite
Bob movie you know I can't remember too many of them I've watched a few I remember watching
GoldenEye and I know I've watched a lot of the Roger Moore ones and Sean Connery ones I I don't
really have any favorites I mean I don't know I really like die another day I know most people
didn't care for that one but I was on the Halle Berry and I really I thought like the one with
Michelle Yeoh mmm that was yeah that one was good but I love Michelle Yeoh I love everything I've
ever seen God but that was one with Denise Richards I forget about her it hadn't had Michelle Yeoh in
it all right anyway and she was in Wing Chun and that was great my favorite Bond movie is if looks
could kill and I think I think these new Daniel Craig ones are so fucking good I think I just
want him to look at me like casino those eyes casino Royale and Skyfall Skyfall especially was
like that's like honestly probably the best like movie they've done through the whole thing quick
time out hmm the lady that played Evelyn in Masters of the Universe and him could you imagine the eyes
their child would have all right just saying all right we could we could just talk about James Bond
the rest of the night and hell Goldeneye was probably one of the best video games they ever
did make the first video game that made me throw up really you couldn't handle the awesome this is
so awesome no I didn't I when I moved out here Dan had a Nintendo 64 because he was like recording
me like the music for Killer Instinct and whatnot and so I was trying to watch him play Goldeneye
and I got so freaking motion sick I had to run to the bathroom and hurl and then like he was still
playing the game he's like are you okay it's like motion sick so I just laid over in the couch and
passed out that's how I knew that some 3d games will make me super sick there you go Wow the more
and more real they got all right well anyhow we just we just fell into minutes and minutes of
James Bond chat but I think that's okay that we had to fill a little time with that because usually
we have no mail we would get it in the mail bag right now but you guys have sent no mail oh there's
one actually is there okay well part here participate at orange long trainee calm dark
soccer is gonna dive into the mail bag headfirst and pull out an email that she thinks is worth
sharing with you all today dear dark Sakura you should do all the things ever you should have a
solo career as a podcaster you should do the dark Sakura show and have it themed to Clarissa
explains it all dark Sakura will tell you some shit which I'm actually kind of can say you
actually need a show called dark soccer will tell you some shit I'm actually can I've been
considering doing this for a while I really have the Clarissa explains it all there's my theme
music if someone will remix this for me I'll make a podcast I'm sure there's a remix out there
already dark soccer explains shit listen up that show was the best yes it was but I think if I
Melissa Joan did you know that they tried to do a spin-off from it hmm that was like where Clarissa
grows up to be a reporter yes there's a pilot out there somewhere was on ABC Family or something
right yeah it didn't take off which would have been sad Alex person says I'm on it right now on
the remix now if I were to have if I were to have a solo podcast anybody all that anybody but like
sure I don't know they don't green like that but Oh Melissa Joey that sounds like a fucking great
idea well she was she was huge in Sabrina the Teenage Witch so it made sense that they wanted
to do something with her why they give show you guys solo show should be all sass they did they
uh it was Melissa and Joey had this whole thing on ABC exactly it's I'm saying why the fuck is
Melissa and Joey a thing why not why did they watch episodes of that show that would be Loki
so that's all he's good for that's just Loki sitting there whoa Oh entertainment has a
suggestion for a letter huh dear dark Sakura you are awesome you should do awesome things
thank you signed not dark Sakura Alex P Carson and Chad says Lori Beth flashbacks Oh God and what
is wrong with Lori Beth like can we can we talk about Lori Beth Thunberg for a minute because she
hasn't really done anything since all that like I know she had like a minor role in dodgeball right
and then she showed up in workaholics which was a hilarious scene that's one of those shows that's
so fucking stupid but you can't help but laugh oh my god she's like two months older than me yeah
so Lori Beth Thunberg but I'm not gonna tell you why I was looking into this but I was she'll
actually officiate weddings if you want and so believe me I'm giving it some thought come on
would that not be like the best wedding ever just saying just saying all right anyhow let's move on
since there is no mail this week you have allowed this show to spiral into seven minutes of nonsense
chat so we hope you enjoyed that and I will continue to threaten you with nonsense chat
if you do not send us emails so save the show from nonsense chat participate at orange lounge
radio.com all right let's get into the F use of the week my if he goes to the internet for like
tugging on everyone's heartstrings by saying Jericho the lion was dead too we'll just use
a little line for when it's not true they even got me because it was on freakin CNN I thought
maybe CNN would check their sources no so more like F you to sensationalized news I'm just gonna
stick with the BBC I like my news dry and British thank you appropriate for today yes I actually do
the BBC website for most of my news by the way I I love British news too but I prefer the Daily
Mail just kidding girl by the way my mom sent me this thing on Facebook says a poem for mornings
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee everyone shut up coffee that's like a haiku yes Loki here
I've used the week um my only F used really to Windows 10 just for some reason after I've
updated my touchpad isn't quite right like especially when I try to right-click stuff
it keeps you moving the pointer and then doing a little left-click and it's just kind of it's
annoying because they'll launch stuff without you know me wanting it to be launched or you know I'm
just trying to copy and paste something and it's just not working out for me so I'm still trying
to tweak the settings to get it right but it's no luck so far all right my F you goes to my back
I don't know what the fuck I did yesterday but I really heard I don't know if it's moving the
computer around I know it was the way I was sitting against the couch and maybe when I
jumped during one of those five-night scares I somehow like really fucked up my back so F you
to that because getting old sucks so if you did that as well I could give you some of my horse
pills and then lastly well I've got to drive tonight you don't want me on meds and then my
last F you my last if you goes to lays potato chips and I'm gonna tell you why because we make
a thing out of the flavor contest every year since the first year we try all the different flavors
so the first year chicken waffles best thing ever I don't care if you disagree with me you're wrong
you're super wrong you're wrong or they're long just like when you all pick team dog you're that
wrong the second year the best flavor that they had was actually they were all pretty good last
year I gotta say they were all really strong contenders last year I really like the mango
one but it grew on me and I even like the cappuccino chips this year all the flavors suck they are bad
um and I cannot stand that southern biscuits and gravies one and apparently everybody is loving
that one and I thought it tasted like bark now granted I'm not a big gravy fan to begin with I
like biscuits okay if the chips had been cheddar bay biscuits I have not heard oh my god right
that's that that's the fucking that was a million dollar idea right there right Jesus you know they
sell those at the store now huh can just yes I heard him they're amazing so amazing but here's
the thing so and then we also bought the truffle fries one which that was okay but the one I
actually liked the best was the euro the sandwich I haven't tried that was really good have leave
the chips are all gone we ate them all cuz we're fat but yeah they're out there they're out there
in stores apparently Alan got the Reuben one which is the only one I haven't had yet but I
am not interested in trying that one because somebody told me it has like a mayonnaise taste
to it and you know how if you know how I feel about mayonnaise it's not gonna happen so anyway
I just say a few delays because I don't think the chips are as strong this year as they've been in
previous years even though I like I thought truffle fries would be hella good but it's like
french fries are already a potato so it's redundant you're eating a potato flavored
potato chip no shit french fry well what and why don't we have ketchup chips in the States
like I know that's a Canadian thing but we don't have them here stupid ketchup chips
make sense you put french fries in ketchup anyway yeah going to our chatroom over at
live dot vog network comm fifth dream says I still say the coolest weird chip is cheeseburger
Pringles I didn't even know that was a thing mm-hmm I'm so hungry now yeah Alex P Carson says they
had a mac and cheese flavor that could have been way better you know and that's weird is that I can
find even though last year the wasabi one won the contest the cheddar mac and cheese bacon one that
I would have thought would have won is like I can that's in our work vending machine like it's a huge
flavor so I don't know it's weird anyway enough about potato chips more about video games we have
a couple more stories for you guys and then your phone calls at 1 8 7 7 game olr or a username on
skype orange lounge radio but first Loki color me so surprised that Sega's first quarter fiscal
year is not doing well I mean that is just shocking apparently there's been dramatic decreases in sales
and the operating and in net income I haven't been doing too well kind of negative not too well
they're saying that the net sales dropped 41.2% to 52.9 billion yen or about 426 million dollars
and their losses for operating with 9.5 billion yen or 76 million total net losses 9 7.9 billion
or 63.8 million so yeah they're gonna what do they have coming that's gonna help them get out of that
slump I mean I don't know if that really counts Atlas stuff but then again Atlas you know props
to them for being a great company and putting out good games but I don't think that's enough to lift
up Sega I don't know how about fucking Phantasy Star Online 2 oh that's not coming out though but
and yes I did hear about the English like apparently there's a server now that they took
away the region restrictions so you can get on but it's like a year behind or something like that
like and it's not like officially so I mean I think that you know I don't they have like a new
Sonic game coming out this year or something or I know that there's the new Mario and Sonic at the
Olympics it's anek and danky Kang Santa Santa danky Kang which is actually a fake meme that's a total
that's not a true somebody photoshopped that jeopardy thing but anyway I still would buy
Sanic and danky Kang I thought I thought it was that they spelled it wrong wasn't that it that
like you know is danky Kang and Zordla princess Zordla Zordla all right well sorry Sega just not
bringing in the money you once were there it is anyhow last but not least I should probably keep
that Price is Right horn ready for this one did we fucking see this coming or did we see this
coming guess what there is a new Castlevania themed pachinko machine coming yep Konami is
putting out a Castlevania pachinko machine somehow it is featuring erotic violence that is in the
title of it erotic you really do need to watch the trailer it's hilarious and if you watch the
trailer I haven't actually watched the trailer let's watch the trailer cuz it's only 51 seconds
wait we need we need dark soccer as well cuz I need if she's gonna let out a deep sigh I need
that on the micro it's about the best part about it is it shows zero gameplay awesome so here it
is the trailer for a new Castlevania pachinko let's take a look that was a booty
that's Richter
that's way too many boops I paused it sorry
now here's the thing that could have been amazingly like bad video game in a rumble
roses kind of way that could have been like a showgirls bad video game because I did get
okay so like I'm watching that and I'm like I should be the trailer for like it's a little
bit Bayonetta like I still feel like Bayonetta itself is better at making the joke but it does
feel like when the feather was flying between her breasts come on that is fucking stupid like it's
it's it's excessive but yeah that's that's hilarious that it's not even like a fucking
actual game it's just a pachinko machine which is nowhere near as exciting as that video is
like the entertainment and chat says erotic violence is this WWE zappy in chat says how
about just new Castlevania act-deaf in chat says we all joked about it we knew it was coming but
why do I still feel sad from this why do you need Konami originals Alan alchemy and chat says
Konami says not only will we drive by in a big-ass truck and splash you with gutter water as you
stand in the rain waiting for your fave we'll spit at you and flip you off while doing it and
be glad they don't turn that truck around and run you over when not their target audience anymore
some beautiful insight from our chat room over at live vog that's gonna get some now speaking of
chatter I don't know we get chatters real quick it's your turn if you want to give us a call
one eight seven seven game olr or in our Skype orange lounge radio all one word here's your
chance what is the target demographic for pachinko machine gamblers I don't and I'm just assuming
like cuz I know gamblers over here most of them tend to be elderly is this supposed to like drive
through the elderlies like whoa I got bring me some of that I don't know if the same stereotype
is true overseas is it is gambling just for the elderly overseas dark soccer that you've seen I
think people of all ages are businessmen yeah that's yeah I've seen that too so I I don't know
what the stereotype is over there but you also notice over here they try to do things to lure in
not just the elderly like they like remember there was like a Dungeons & Dragons machine and they try
to do things like the hangover and things that like you know younger folks are into but they
definitely have the machines that target the older audiences as well like there's an Ellen
show slot machine I mean that's not really older audience everybody loves Ellen but I thought that
was interesting when I was in Reno I won $40 from a Dolly Parton slot machine thank you very much
blasted nine to five while I was playing that was a good time but the best slot machine I ever
played in Reno Queen it was a queen slot machine that was awesome and I'm so sad it's not there
anymore does it play we are the champions when you can yeah for me it played radio gaga it's when you
get the free spins just cycle over and over so there you go 1877 game olr or a username on skype
orange lounge radio the phones are open I'm gonna check in real quick at Loki and see if there's
any last-minute news yes there is actually so starting off with there's a brand new NES game
coming out star versus and they're picking it is like a big NES eSports title maybe I don't know
and star versus see what this looks like here it's supposed to be a competitive shooter huh but it's
like any s it's all any s graphics any yeah it's on the NES and so you can't you fight each other
oh that's pretty cool as little ships it's like Gradius meets a twin stick shooter meets a
multiplayer thing kind of neat yeah it's kind of cool a little start control I love it well we do
have a call coming in so let's get to it we have a call on the line we're gonna take it right now
hi you're an orange launch radio who's this hi does this for breeze from Belgium for breeze how
you doing oh my gosh it's great to have you on the show we we we see you on the foogle question
a week almost all the time and here you are welcome yeah I know it's hard to get up at 3
a.m. in the morning you know I have to get to work at 5 a.m. so it's a little hard to listen in oh my
gosh well I'm glad we had an excuse to do an early show today so we're not keeping you up as late so
welcome and what's on your mind well not that much actually first of all I'd like to thank you
for doing the show every week it's really awesome of you guys thank you thank you for listening
calls like this are what keep us motivated to keep going right guys yeah yep so but you know
what would also motivate us is some Belgian chocolate I'm just saying that could also be
right are sorry I'm all right so anyway I'm just joking oh well I'll send some over just giving
address oh gosh you're you're far too kind I really appreciate that I would love to come
visit over there someday there's lots of lots of beautiful architecture and things over there
I think it'd be worth seeing and then I could hoard up on all the junk food over there so what
video games you playing lately well not that much actually I've been playing Metal Gear Solid 5
yesterday because it was with the games with gold and I really like it oh yeah the whole the preview
what does what the hell was it called I can't remember now the solid the phantom I know it's
the Phantom pain what was the what was the demo called the Metal Gear Solid ground zero ground
zeros that's it so yeah yeah I have that downloaded I haven't checked it out yet though but I kind of
I don't know I kind of fell out of the Metal Gear Solid series I never played I didn't play four even
though I have it on PlayStation 3 I barely played three at all so but I just I love the series on
the NES I never was able to make the hop to 3d like I love the story in Metal Gear Solid later
on but I just couldn't get into the gameplay like everybody else did on the PlayStation and so forth
but I understand why people are really into it but that's cool I'm glad you enjoyed that so a
little perk of PlayStation Plus is there are there any other games that you're waiting to go free on
PlayStation Plus no it's on Xbox one oh you're playing it on Xbox one I got with the games with
gold thingy I forgot the games with gold got that yeah they just got it this month ah okay so okay
I assumed it was PlayStation 4 because I knew they got it as part of their program I see well then
I'll flip it is there is there an Xbox game you want them to put out on games of gold actually
rice I like I hope I like it but I don't know I read a lot of mixed reviews yeah I don't know
if it's really worth to buy it that's that's a good call that's almost very much like knack on
the PlayStation 4 is like it's kind of one of those things you're curious about but it didn't
get very good reviews but rise that's that's a good one cuz yeah wasn't that the one that
originally was gonna be like a Kinect game and then they kind of like changed it and then it
kind of got the mediocre reviews yeah I'd still be curious to check that out though for sure for
sure well for breeze I really appreciate the call thank you so much for your kind words and calling
into the show today okay no problem thank you guys all right you take care and thanks so much
for your support bye okay bye all right awesome I love international phone calls there it is if
you want to give us a call as well one eight seven seven game olr or a username on Skype orange
lounge radio all one word it's lighting up again so let's get to it hi on orange launch radio who's
this yeah this is reaching me hey good afternoon to you I didn't even think you were listening
right now I didn't see you in chow what's up buddy you're breaking up a little bit so I might
have to cut you off ketchup flavored in the PTF chips here in Buffalo you're not very calm you
can't go to the big major stores you'll have to go to the smaller colder stores and get them but
not less they are here so I never personally tried them but I've seen around try target that's where
I find them yeah now number do this rage nator if you can hear me you're breaking up really bad I'm
so sorry I'm gonna have to let you go because I can't understand what you're saying I only heard
the part about the chips but try to ask if you ask your question in chat over at live dot vog
network comm because I know you hang out in chat I'll be happy to answer whatever that is there so
watch check that out of live dog network comm sorry Skype was acting weird I don't know why
it does that I guess they don't have a lot of bandwidth up in Buffalo either usually it's only
during the snow storms that he cuts out but I know it's not snowing today all right one eight seven
game olr or username on Skype orange lounge radio all one word I'm checking with Loki again I heard
you about to read another yes I do have another story I know which game you're waiting for forum
for this generation of games dead or alive extreme three is in development is it yes yes can you
imagine the physics calculations that are possible by these new systems I am very excited although I
am also just be clear I am all for equal opportunity offensiveness so if they want to have package
physics that's completely fine as well but I'll take boob jiggles too I'll take all of it all
right I want everything to be shaking just just give me jello the game that's all is that it
that's it and then apparently though it's getting released exclusively though in Asia
oh come on something like that can't stay exclusive to Asia we need that so that dev says in our chat
room over at live dog network comm we need that I agree we need it all right well it looks like
nobody else is taking advantage of the Skype line today but I know it is a weird time so we probably
don't have a lot of our usual audience listening right now probably will have a bunch of people
listening later on going crap I forgot they were doing the early show today even though we to put
it on Twitter and Facebook always stay on top of our Twitter twitter.com slash olr any important
updates you need to know about we will always relay over on Twitter but hey I want to thank
you guys for tuning in today and listening to the show whether it be today or tonight or whether be
on our podcast feed throughout the week thank you so much for supporting independent podcasting is
supporting what we do here at orange lounge radio we would not be able to do the show without you
guys if you enjoyed what you heard here you know we don't ask for your money or anything like that
all we want help us spread the word leave a five-star review on iTunes or stitcher radio
or tune in or wherever it is that you heard this show help spread the word and if you didn't like
olr if you made it all the way to the end be didn't really care for the show at least support
another hard-working independent podcast there's so many people out there that do this just for the
fun of it and and they need your support so bad really appreciate it before we get to final
thoughts Raginator got his question out in chat so I'll go ahead and entertain this here so summing
up my call here Raginator says one that free magic game is out on Steam now we need to set up a vog
game night two do you know if upgrading a PC's OS will fuck up miscellaneous files DRM Loki do you
know about that I it can it depends sometimes you like I know for like unity we had the revoked the
license if you had a pro version and then redo it for the most of my other stuff no so it depends
yeah for everything I had it transferred over pretty cleanly I didn't have a problem and I
would imagine if that license is through Microsoft you're not gonna have a problem at all but what
I'd encourage you to do first whatever the license is through whatever the DRM is through just Google
it and try to see if other people have been having problems just Google it followed by Windows 10 or
whatever most people have been ready to send for a while now they didn't just upgrade they've been
running preview builds and stuff so they should be aware of any issues that are out there yeah so
you'll know so do your research like you know I did not upgrade till Windows 10 until I verified
Final Fantasy 14 has no problems on Windows 10 you know so those types of issues you definitely
want to Google and just do your research upfront and just make sure nobody else is having problems
and there's no problem like Windows 10 is gonna be free for what a year so you don't have to I'm
assuming that's the OS your win upgrade do you don't have to necessarily jump in right now you
can wait a week or two it's not gonna kill you in fact a lot of people are saying wait a week or two
so Microsoft can work out some of these bugs although I'm not getting a very buggy experience
I guess some other people are one last thing I'll say about the Windows 10 upgrade that I didn't
know about but made me feel better about doing it is that it actually keeps your old Windows
installation for a month so if you decide you don't like Windows 10 you can go into the settings
and you can bring back your old installation of Windows 7 or whatever it was you have before so
that that kind of made me go okay knowing that I feel better and I'll take the plunge that I can
always recover from that so there's some things to think about and then the last part there with
with rage nators saying about the magic the free magic game out on Steam now we need to set up a
vog game night I agree and now that I'm doing a little more of the live streaming and so forth
I'd be super open to that so you can check that out we do have a community on Steam so you can
check out the vog network community on Steam and don't forget just a shout out because I haven't
plugged this in a while we also have the olr dictionary is available as a free mod in the
steam workshop for the typing of the dead so if you have the typing of the dead you need to check
out the olr dictionary that's available there so all right Alex P Carson and chat says thank you
for the early show East Coast listeners are forever grateful and F you to Loki for not working
as my lawyer or working for my cable company well no you're probably it's probably good I don't work
as a lawyer it's probably for the best thank you guys for tuning in and listening I'm happy we could
do a show at a different time usually the reality is this time doesn't usually work for us it's kind
of better to have this at the very end of our weekend but once in a while when we're able to
make it work we're glad that we can do something at a different time to help some different people
get the live experience happy to share that with you guys so that's gonna do it for another week
here at orange lounge radio before we officially closed down though we have to go around and get
everybody's final thought so dark Sakura I'll start with you tonight final thought now once
in a while is stuck in my head once in a while like the best song you don't wanna go in the play
not even in the movie except for a deleted scene yeah but it's the first time I heard it we were
doing like a kind of a shadow casting with a VHS recording and they paused it and the guy got up
and sang it and everyone's like oh nice and then we continued nice so actually my second time ever
watching the rocky horror picture show I heard the song when we did rocky horror here in Sacramento
now that everything's digital we spliced it back in we put it back in the movie and we actually did
the scene and it was a really bad audience reception we thought we would like get a lot
of cheers and people going like oh my god they're doing the cutscene and everything but we tried it
like four different times the audience was just dead we tried to do all these different things
to make the scene more interesting like we tried to move the slow dancing to that scene and all
but it just didn't work we cut it we ended up re-cutting it just people weren't into it but I
do love that song yeah that's like the best song in the whole thing that and superheroes like my
two favorite songs are like the sad depressing ones are like the ones that are either cut apart
for the u.s. release or not in the movie yeah so hey you should hear this if you haven't already
heard it the soundtrack to shock treatment I mean that movie sucks but like soundtracks the
soundtracks really good I need to watch it again to see if it makes sense it's you start to
appreciate shock treatment on like your sixth viewing you kind of start to realize this was
a parody of reality television before anybody knew what reality television was but like if you look
at it in that context now it's like a brilliant parody which is so weird because it's that didn't
exist they were psycho and head ESPN they were completely all right that was a long final thought
but that's okay it was a final discussion it was a final discussion Loki your final thought tonight
my final thought is I'm working more on my game I just am working on trying to design a logo for
my game and you know development company or whatever and then also I do have a new video
up if you haven't checked it out yet on YouTube so under my channel Loki OLR you can check out
the new video words on my Twitter nice and then my final thought I will also pimp my YouTube Rob
Roberts plays and then I'm also on Twitch as just Rob Roberts and I'm really excited to do more live
streaming I've really missed it so I'm gonna get back in the swing of things and more of our jam
videos to come including the lat you know the last video I'm gonna do is Loki's game whatever
he's freaking got done with it I'm gonna make him let me play it for the last video so I look
forward to that please look forward to it thank you guys so much for I just thought of a channel
I can make what Jamie sucks at this it's basically me playing games badly you can play golden I and
then but I'll do games badly awesome games done badly there it is presenting dark saga thank you
guys so much for listening to the show and putting up with us for another week we're glad we could
entertain you guys we will be back in seven days to do it all again with the latest in game news
have a great week everybody good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network calm Sunday
nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network but you know they
were all still true see you next week
you
