Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight we recap the week in gaming news and we are joined by voice actors Andrew Jones, Drake Berger, and David Solov to talk about voice acting in gaming. Ask your questions live right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Episode number 611 for this, August the 23rd of 2015.
We're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with myself here in studio, Rob Roberts, but you might know me on Twitter as Skie, at S-K-I-E.
And joining me is Miss, at DarkSakura. DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Caffeinated now.
Caffeinated, and it's hot. The temperature in the studio keeps going from extreme hot to extreme cold. It's weird.
And it's only 88 degrees outside. Only.
I know. In beautiful, headquartered Sacramento, California where we're at. It's been pretty creepy.
AKA Satan's asshole.
Actually, Satan's asshole has been kind of good to us this year. We've had only maybe like 5, 6 hundred degree plus days over the whole summer. I've seen some summers that are way worse.
It's been relatively mild.
Some summers are straight up phoenix.
For being in the middle of a drought.
True, true. Not joining us tonight, sadly, Techmaster Loki. Techmaster Loki has the night off to take care of some other issues.
But filling in tonight in our third chair, very happy to have him joining us, and I'm not just saying that because I know him very, very, very well.
Say hello, everybody, to Alan, joining us here in studio tonight.
Hi.
Hi, Alan. Welcome back to the show.
Thank you for having me.
You're welcome. It's, you know, your house too, so I guess, you know, when this show's going on in the spare room, you know, you can pop on when you want.
But no, I appreciate you being here. Usually you work on the Sunday nights, so I'm glad you're here.
Yeah, my work has had a bit of a drought the last two weeks, but considering that it's not an election year without getting too much into what I do.
The way it's been the last two weeks is more representative of what it should be like. The fact that it's been so busy up until this point was the anomaly.
And I guess that streak finally, the well ran dry, but hopefully I can get some hours soon.
But I'm here, so I'm going to help co-host the show.
I appreciate it.
I have stories and everything.
Hooray. It's always nice to see you here on the program. And always nice to have you guys join us live.
And remember, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at The Voice of Geeks Network.
vog.network.com. And if you are listening to us live, head on over to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And you can participate live with our show and have some of your comments read.
For example, Brad from Pod Culture is in our chat room right now saying, nice, it's been a while since Alan has been on the show.
It has been a while.
Sj100matt saying, you all will need to pick up the slack in the rant side of things tonight.
Alan, you know Loki is infamous for his rants here in the studio.
I can probably be pissy bitchy about something, just not Nintendo. I don't really have the hate in my heart.
I can't really drum up that level of angst for them in particular.
And you know, we say this all the time, even though Loki gets very angry sometimes when the subject of Nintendo comes up, it comes from a place of, I'm a fan and I hate seeing you make these decisions I don't like.
That's where Loki's quote-unquote anger comes from. But you're not really in the same boat. You think Nintendo's cute, right? I don't know.
They're fine.
They're expensive. But you're more a PC gamer anyway. I have like every single console here in this house. I don't think I ever see you pick one up.
I don't know, just something about sitting in the living room and doing that is strange.
That's weird because that's what I love doing. I almost think sometimes being in the, I mean, I don't know, the MMOs are one thing.
And maybe that's because of the more chat room style experience where I really need the keyboard.
But sometimes when I'm playing games, I need to be able to plop on the couch, have that controller in my hand, you know, and just relax.
Just Cheeto dust from chin to ankles.
Yes! Precisely! Don't you be telling the listeners my secrets here.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I wish Alan would get over his fear of planes and come to Dragon Con sometime.
And also I wish Alan's boss would let him take Labor Day weekend off. Well, I think that's just a matter of, it's also a matter of money.
It's a money thing mostly this year because even, I mean, we try to call people when they're at home and Labor Day is like the biggest vacation weekend of the year, right?
Maybe Memorial Day? So I probably wouldn't have a shift that weekend anyway.
So you could come probably if tickets weren't so expensive and the fact that, you know.
I think there's another, we're doing Gamer X in December and then I think there's something in February or March.
MagFest is the thing we're planning on.
MagCon, it's all about Marge Simpson. We're both going to do our cosplay. Patty and Selma.
So tell us a little more about PC gaming. Since you haven't been on the show in a while, what kind of games do you, I mean obviously we're going to do our gaming weeks in a little bit, what kind of games do you generally enjoy on PC?
Action RPGs. Your Mass Effect, your Dragon Ages, your stuff that is on, you know, the big titles on Steam, Borderlands, I like FPSs if it has a strong narrative aspect, Bioshock.
One thing I noticed you like to do, and I see other gamers do this too, but for some reason I don't usually get into this, is you really like to replay classics.
Like it seems like every year, and I mean I shouldn't say it that way because it's not like I don't go back and play Super Mario Brothers or Super Mario 3, but you will go back to the 100 hour plus games and really invest like on a yearly basis.
Like I see you go back and go to Half-Life or Half-Life 2. I see you go to Dragon Age.
The games that I'm more likely to replay like that, Half-Life 2 is a special case because it's a first, obviously it's an FPS so it's going to be the same experience from start to finish. I can just maybe tweak with the difficulties if I want and make it like really punishing.
But a game like Skyrim or Dragon Age or Mass Effect where you can do things out of order, you can make your character an asshole, make your character a goody-goody, play a different race, there's going to be variety in something that I do in a replay.
I mean overall the campaign is the same, but it's not like I'm going to fire up Final Fantasy 7 or 8 games that I love and I have played through those more than once, but that's like a once a decade thing because I mean the characters are static, the campaign is static, the grinding is static. I'm not as compelled to invest another 60 hours in that.
Jamie, you want to jump in here?
That's actually how I feel, why I've gone back and I'm playing through, I think I'm on my fifth playthrough of Inquisition right now and I'm on my third or fourth playthrough for the original Dragon Age because I did play it through twice with the same type of character because I really like the Dalish origin, but now I'm playing the human noble and Alistair.
Anyway, because he's pretty. He's a precious cinnamon roll, too perfect for this world. And you know Mass Effect, because modding makes him even better.
You got some fans, fellow fans of PC gaming in chat, Dungeon Buster in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying, yeah PC gaming! And SSG100Matt giving us an update on MAGFest. MAGFest is aiming to have tickets and hotel registration open within the next week or two, re their Twitter.
That's going to be my first MAGFest, but I was a fan of the Rockage thing they did out here, which was related, and everybody tells me, you got to do MAGFest, you got to do MAGFest. Alright, fine, I'll go.
I also, since we're talking about PC gaming, I want to give a special free plug because it's not like we have an affiliate thing with them.
For anyone who remembers the early 90s games, the Forgotten Realms, the Baldur's Gate, BioWare's first foray into RPGs, the Icewind Dale, some of the more obscure.
Because a lot of those old TSR D&D RPG games were pretty, like Ravenloft I think was one of them with the mummy on the cover. All that stuff is on good old games, GOG.com for like $1.98 per game.
GOG does some great deals.
And that is for this weekend, so this is a live audience exclusive. So if you're downloading this on the podcast feed, unless Rob gets it up by midnight and you listen to it before you go to bed tonight, which, wow, okay.
That's just a tip for those listening live. You can get a whole bundle, I think for like $15 for like 20 games, literally hundreds of hours of gameplay.
Planescape Torment, which a lot of people think is the best 90s RPG ever for PC, is also like $1.98. It's insane, so everyone go check that out.
Awesome. Yeah, hey, I know we don't get paid by these companies to give shout-outs, but I am a fan of good deals tonight. Anyhow, I want to get into our kickoff topic tonight because we actually have a really big show tonight.
I mean, you know, we always try to do a big show here at Orange Lawn Straight Open. Tonight's like a really big show. We actually have some guests joining us tonight.
At about 6.30, we are actually going to be joined by some voice actors, and I'm really excited about this. We're pretty much going to have like a live panel.
We've been talking about conventions, right? We're going to have like a live panel here on the show tonight all about voice acting. We're going to be joined by Andrew Jones, who's like a casting director, and we're going to talk to Greg Berger.
Greg Berger, you video gamers probably know him, I mean he's done a few things, but you guys probably know him best as Jecht from Final Fantasy X.
Although if you watch cartoons, Dark Sakura practically peed her pants when she heard.
He's Grimlock.
He's Grimlock.
And Skyfire.
Yes.
Grimlock.
And he's Odie. So, I mean, he's going to be here live, taking your questions in just a little bit.
If you have to ask who Grimlock is, then you need to leave.
Go to Wikipedia quick and figure it out.
Alright, also joining us, so that's two, we have three, David Sobolov going to be joining us as well.
Very excited. He is Asmodan. You guys, gamers, if you play Diablo 3, Heroes of the Storm, you guys know Asmodan.
He is that voice, and he also has an impressive resume from other cartoons and games.
He is the one that actually had a minor role in Mass Effect 3 as well, so he's tied to our beloved BioWare.
So we're going to talk to all of them in just a little bit, in about 15 minutes here on Orange Laundry Radio.
So if you want to be able to ask questions, get to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Meanwhile, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, and you know, tonight's kickoff topic,
not the sort of thing I like to lead off the show with. In fact, a topic like this isn't really about gaming,
but it's more of a side effect of what happens as gaming is getting bigger and bigger and more and more mainstream and so forth.
Those of you that have probably been paying attention to the news today might have heard about the Pokemon World Championships that are going on right now.
The Pokemon World Championships are happening out in Boston, and unfortunately today, there was a bomb threat at the Pokemon Championships.
And they have actually arrested two individuals in conjunction with this bomb threat that's happened there.
This is crazy. Obviously, sick people doing sick things with this whole thing.
And you know, now we're seeing this type of stuff where these large gaming events are getting targeted.
You know, if you heard that somebody made a bomb threat against the Super Bowl or the Olympics or some other big sporting event,
you'd probably go, that's messed up, people are stupid, but you'd probably also go, it seems like there's always some crazy targeting these large events.
And now we're seeing it happen with these gaming events even. It's something else.
What do you guys think when you hear this, that there were people targeting the Pokemon World Championships?
And shout out to the police for catching it and shutting it down before anybody got hurt, thank God.
What do you guys think about this when you hear this? Anybody?
So the two individual suspects, was there actually a device found?
You know what's funny is the story I had closed on me, so I'm trying to find it.
Not that it matters, but I mean, the people that, whatever their intentions were, are going to pay the consequences.
But aside from the arrest, was there an actual device? I'm just curious.
I got it, I got it. Okay, here we go. So a 27-year-old and an 18-year-old, and I'm not going to read their names and give them any attention,
27-year-old idiot and 18-year-old moron, we'll call them idiot and moron, were, I guess they were actually invited to play in the Masters Division of the tournament.
And they had made threats on Facebook, and there was a post where there were guns that these guys had posted that they were going to take,
saying that idiot and I are ready for the world's Boston here we come. And this was brought to the attention of the police.
And so they were stopped from entering the venue on Thursday, firearms were found in the car that idiot and moron had when they drove from Iowa.
Neither one of them had a license to carry, the car was seized, the vehicle had a shotgun, assault rifle, hunting rifle, 250 rounds of ammo.
They were arrested on Friday night. So there was no bomb, I guess the bomb threat was on Facebook.
Okay, but it very easily could have been like a mass shooting situation, and I totally want to throw up now.
People are garbage, and it's gross, and I guess, I include myself in the fact that I do identify with this group, but like the gaming, gamers are gross.
Some gamers are gross.
It's an awful industry.
Well, here's the thing that strikes me as like, just like really scary about this. I mean, obviously the whole thing is weird to begin with.
But, you know, usually when we think about video games make people violent, what are the things they target?
They target the first person shooters, the Duke Nukem's, the overly, Grand Theft Auto's, the overly violent games.
This was fucking Pokemon. This was a family event. This is something kids play. That's, well, really disturbing.
I understand what you're saying, but it's a different discussion between the content of gaming and what these two idiots would want to be infamous or getting into notoriety.
And for that reason, it's a very, I mean, it's, they're all E-rated games. Parents play them with their kids. Kids love it.
It's got a larger audience than say if it was like, I don't know, BlizzCon or something, which I think is going to skew older.
So it's really frightening that they picked a, you know, something that has that much crossover mainstream appeal.
Anyway, SS21 Hunter Matt says, Boston doesn't mess around with security. Act Deaf to reminding me in chat, the Olympics have had that happen.
I apologize if that comparison was in poor taste, but I was just naming some big sporting events that came to mind first.
But I mean, unfortunately, yes, in, in 96 in Atlanta, where I'm going in a couple of weeks, there was a bomb event that occurred and it was all over the media and stuff.
And it was, it was sick then and it's sick now. So, yeah, let's see, also looking in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, SS21 Hunter Matt confirming that one of the guys was a known member of the Pokemon community.
And Dungeon Muster says they boasted about doing this on social media, which the police picked up on, which, you know, was some really weird, sick cry for attention.
So anyway, again, not that I think this has anything to do with gaming directly, but the reason why I bring it up is it's just one of those like really like sad after effects of seeing gaming get bigger and bigger and more into the mainstream.
You know, gaming is becoming more mainstream. These on demand, you know, Shane was over here the other day, we were watching like a Heroes of the Storm tournament on the TV, like it was ESPN practically.
Granted, we were using Twitch to do it, but, you know, as TV gets more and more virtual, you know, more and more of this stuff gets mainstream, you know, these big gaming events are big sporting events.
So I guess also the moral of the story, so to speak, you know, these guys were talking about it on Facebook, you know, I would hope that none of you hang out with people that would ever do things like this.
But if you ever see something like this on Facebook or something, like, you need to alert the authorities. And don't fucking joke about this stuff either, because it's no joke.
Not that I think any of you guys would, but I'm just saying, you know, you have to take this kind of crap seriously, because unfortunately, those guys had guns in their car, they were serious.
Anyway, let's try to change the topic. Back to the games that are fun, we like, we enjoy, and not where there's-
Not that violent Pokemon stuff.
Yeah, right? Let's talk about our gaming weeks here real quick. I'll probably have to interrupt us in the middle of this here, because we're gonna have our guests on shortly.
But we always like to start off the show with, how was your gaming week? So I want to talk to Dark Soccer real quick. How was your gaming week, Dark Soccer?
Old. I played some Dragon Age Inquisition, of course, because I always do. I played Final Fantasy XIV, I'm actually getting back into the story, I'm around the 2.2 patch stuff right now.
But I'm playing, I'm playing. And Dan and I busted out the Super Nintendo last night, we busted out the sealed box of games, the ones that we've got in the special plastic, and we are playing through Chrono Trigger.
I, all of my save files were intact, so we new gamed plus that shit, and we are piling through the story. So, since playing since last night, we just got the epic last, uh, today. So, we are on our way.
Nice!
We're at the point where you go back to 12,000 BC and get, uh, Magus. Man, he had such a cool name in Japan, though.
What was that? I forget.
Maul.
Oh, that's right.
Demon King.
Sounds scary.
Yeah.
When I saw that box of games, of in their case, or in their box with the instructions and all that, the first thing that I thought was, I used to have nearly all of those, but then that leads me to my second thought, that's easily like $1,500 on eBay.
Yes, it is.
The reason why I no longer have those things is because I think I parted with my near mint Chrono Trigger for like $120, $150, and then I was able to sell the official strategy guide, which had a ton of really gorgeous artwork in it from Akira Toriyama, for like another $50 or $60. So, money, money, money. Especially that Ninja Gaiden trilogy you have.
Yeah, we, um, the last one of those that went in the condition ours is in.
Yeah.
Went for about $450.
Wow.
Um, one without the manual or box went for about $200.
Yeah. Not that you guys would ever, but as soon as I see all that stuff.
We tried to sell it once.
I'm just like.
We tried to sell Ninja Gaiden first. Um, we put a $350 buy it now on it.
Yeah, but if they don't make your limit, then you're not gonna sell it.
We didn't go at the time, but we, we were sort of talking about downsizing the collection a little bit just because, um, it's not that we have less space, but the room is oddly shaped with the windows and closet and everything.
So, um, we were talking about that last night, but we're, we're thinking about how we can bring back the vault properly and what we're going to do with it. More news, news later, news later.
Good. I, I need to come over and we're going to stream some games cause you got so many games that I think there's so many people out there that haven't seen a lot of these classic games.
Like, you know, I'm sure everybody knows Chrono Trigger. If you don't, you probably want to look into that.
Uh, but there's, there's a lot of stuff you guys have in the vault.
I'll try to post some stuff up on my Tumblr in a few.
Awesome. Awesome. All right. Uh, well, um, Alan quickly before we get to our interview here, how was your gaming week?
Good. Um, really quickly, I have a Final Fantasy 14 story on, uh, the show roll for me, so I won't talk about that as much.
Um, I've been doing a lot of PvP in 14 simply because for the end game, uh, story content and rating and stuff, I'm, I've run out of stuff to do, um, without doing the savage heroic hardcore mode, which I have no interest in doing.
Um, I bought Pinball Arcade, uh, two weeks ago on Steam. They had the pro edition for 19 bucks and almost every single table that I would want is in the season one pack.
Um, the Addams Family, which I know you had the guy on, was interviewed on OLR about getting the Addams Family.
That is correct.
That's season four. Um, there isn't a lot that interests me in the other seasons.
I almost feel like season one has too many good games in it that they needed to spread out amongst the other ones because I don't really have any incentive to buy it.
So I've played a lot of that, a lot of, um, Twilight Zone. It's amazing how much crap is crammed into that board.
Um, lots of Elvira Scared Stiff, which I played a ton of when I was, uh, 1920 at the Nickel Arcade in Walnut Creek.
Uh, I'm playing Mass Effect trilogy all the way through again, or I plan on it.
The reason why I'm playing it again is because I want to be gay with Kayden in Mass Effect 1 that you can do, but you have to do it one of two ways.
If you, if you want to do Sheploo, which is the generic Shepard, you can do that from jump.
If you want to use a custom Shepard with a custom face and background and name, which I do, you play it all the way through, you set yourself to female, then you beat it.
And then when you do a new game plus, you set yourself back to male and then that screws up the flag enough to where you can be a custom Shepard and romance Kayden as if you were a woman.
But not have Jennifer Hale's voice coming out of a male Shepard's body, which is one of the bugs that can happen if you do it the other way.
All right. So kind of, kind of some general mods on the game.
Yeah.
Why is it that you, you go back and visit Mass Effect? I mean, why, why this game? Why now?
It's...
Is this prepping for Andromeda or...
But kind of, I know I have a lot of problems with a lot of the stuff that they did at Inquisition story-wise and how it kind of shed on a lot of the, the first two Dragon Age games.
Bioware's kind of gone downhill in their writing quality, maybe lost up their own butt a little bit.
Ooh.
But they're still great or whatever. Like, don't send an email.
They've gone from a 10 to a 9.
Yeah.
In your eyes. Okay.
Mass Effect 1 and 2 is just really fucking good storytelling.
Like, Vermaier, even though you know it's going to happen, is really intense.
And Ilos and the whole spree from Ilos through going back into the Citadel and, spoiler, spoiler, is all really intense.
So it's all really great storytelling that's so good that so long as I shelve it for like maybe a year, I can revisit it again and it's still just as exciting.
It's like watching a classic movie.
Yeah.
Except you're the star.
Yes, exactly.
All right. Anything else for your gaming week before we move on?
Pinball. We played that new You Don't Know Jack game.
Oh, the Quiplash.
Quiplash, which we only had three people and I think it needs at least five to be really good.
It wasn't bad. It was just you only have one person really voting on your stuff when there's only three people.
Yeah.
I noticed they really set that game up for streaming though.
They must have seen how many people were streaming the Jackbox Party Pack and so they really set up Quiplash.
You can extend the time for answers. It really lends itself well to game streaming.
I liked how the studio saw that that was happening.
Remember, we had them on the show right before Jackbox Party Pack came out.
We had them on the show and they were kind of talking about watching and participating even with some of those streams.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, so that's it really.
All right.
DungeonBuster in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I really like the first Mass Effect for the same reasons.
When I finally made it to Ilos, that was a great moment.
There you go.
I am going to slightly disagree with some of the shitting on the lore stuff for Dragon Age Inquisition.
If you go back and look at some of the things, I think these were all planned from the beginning.
There was a very big, long explanation about how no one writing the actual codex entries within the scope of the universe actually knows what they're talking about.
It's all having to do with things getting lost to time, things being a perception, having half of your history wiped out and coming from an oral history.
So I think that what we're getting is actual source material as opposed to an interpretation.
Opinions here at OLR.
We have them and you have them.
And you know what else we have tonight?
We have some guests that are going to be joining us here live.
And since this is live radio, I'm going to actually call these guys right now.
We are going to welcome onto our program.
We actually have a trio of voice actors joining us tonight.
We have Andrew Jones, Greg Berger, and David Sobolov are going to be joining us here.
We're getting them on the line right now to join us on the program here at Orange Lounge Radio.
If you guys are listening live, you can head on over to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
And if you have any questions for our trio tonight, we'd be happy to get out as many of these questions as we can.
But I think we have everybody connected on the line.
So welcome, guys, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Thank you.
Hello.
Yo, yo, yo.
It's like we're doing a live panel tonight.
I know you guys have to do the convention circuit all the time with all the many voices that you guys have provided over the years.
So it's kind of like we're going to do that live here on OLR.
I love that.
All right. Are you cosplaying?
Am I cosplaying?
Actually, I am wearing my outfit that I wore for like half my Joker costume, like my casual Joker.
Joker for Mass Effect 3, not Joker for Batman.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, every time I say Joker, everybody assumes that one.
Seth Green's Joker.
And I'm signing a photo for you right now.
Awesome.
Yes, autographs.
Can we get a picture, a selfie?
Sure, sure.
All right, awesome.
Let me go down the line and introduce everybody we have here on our panel tonight.
First off, Andrew Jones joining us tonight.
What's up, Andrew?
Nothing much. How are you?
I am great. Tell us a little bit about yourself.
So I work in casting, directing, and actually it's funny because David and Greg are both my mentors.
I've studied voice acting and acting with both of them.
And I've tried to work a little bit in voice acting.
I worked on a show for Fusion, formerly TV Reguide, called Like, Share, Die.
And I'm doing some stuff for some video games, so it's going to be pretty awesome.
Awesome, awesome.
Also joining us on our panel tonight, David Sobolov is here tonight, everybody.
Welcome, David.
David, can you hear me okay?
I just got you.
On the Skype call, sometimes if you get a phone call, it cuts it off and that's what just happened.
Oh, no, you're a popular guy.
The people are trying to call you right now.
I'm here, I'm back. David Sobolov, happy.
Well, welcome to the program, David.
I know a lot of gamers probably know you best as, I know, like, Asmodan from Diablo III, Heroes of the Storm.
Huge character.
What are some other voices some gamers out there might know?
Let's see, over the years, I'm literally going to scroll down here.
Oh, Army of Two Devils Cartel, if people saw that, I did a performance capture role on that.
It was Tyson Rios.
Oh, wow.
That was fun.
I worked on Star Trek in Darkness, that was the movie.
There's a Star Trek video game that I was on as well.
I play a whole bunch of parts.
Dota 2, I was Terrorblade.
Oh, that's a huge game, especially in Russia.
I think Dota 2 is gigantic.
It's very, very big in Asia, I've heard.
Yes.
It's an e-sport.
It is. It was one of those huge e-sports.
We were watching Heroes of the Storm.
I think somebody was playing Asmodan even.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, very cool.
There's a lot more dialogue in that game than he did in Diablo 3.
Really?
I would have thought he had a ton more in Diablo 3. Interesting.
There's more in Heroes of the Storm, and it's much more comedic, too.
Did you enjoy that, getting to put a more comedic edge on a character?
Oh, I always do, because I don't get to do that very often with my voice.
Yeah?
I always play the deep voice, like serious guys.
Do you find that you get typecast a little bit sometimes, maybe?
Oh, yeah, that's okay.
I used to play 12-year-old girls, but it wasn't really paying the bills, so I went into the deeper voice stuff.
I don't know. I think you'd make an amazing Powerpuff Girl, but I guess they already filled that.
I hope they're listening. I'd love that chance for that role.
Awesome.
Also joining us tonight on our panel, say hello, everybody, to Greg Berger joining us tonight.
How are you doing, Greg?
Howdy, howdy. Doing well. Thanks for having me.
Thanks for having me. I only go where I'm invited, so thanks for putting out the welcome mat.
You are most welcome. Hey, I know. I love Diablo 3 and Heroes myself, so obviously that was the first thing that came to mind with David.
And for you, I am a huge fan of the Final Fantasy series.
So when they told me that Jecht was going to be on the show, I was like, what? That's awesome.
Will somebody have to teach that kid to play Blitzball?
Oh, my gosh, that's amazing. I love it.
And then, okay, so then I told my co-host here at Dark Soccer, Jamie, I said, you gotta get familiar with Greg, take a look at the IMDB, take a look at the resume.
I might have squealed.
And she literally squealed. What was the one that you saw that got you to squeal, Jamie?
Grimlock.
Grimlock.
Me munch metal.
I love it.
You're not playing with your voice.
You don't know how many copies of Transformers the movie I have, including the Japanese laserdisc.
I've had the great good fortune at convention of being involved in some big screen screenings of the film with popcorn fights in the audience and people screaming and basically knowing the script, you know, by heart.
The Rocky Horror Transformers show.
I just have enjoyed every time I've seen it. One of them was with Flint Dilly, who was the story editor and one of the producers, and he actually had a stop motion option, which allowed him to tell some behind the scenes story as we watched. Phenomenal.
I mean, I remain extremely proud of it. I think it's a great story with lots of twists and turns and a really good movie about robots.
That's awesome.
I mean, Transformers was pretty much like the first real addiction to any animated series I had. I mean, as a kid, I was a kid in the 80s, and that was like every day for me.
I was introduced at a convention by a guy who said when this show was on in the morning, it's the reason I was late for school every day. When they moved to afternoons, it's the reason I always left before the end of my last period class.
I'm going to ask Dark Soccer to do some breathing techniques and calm down the fandom just a little bit. It's professional here.
But I do have to ask this because it is a video game podcast, and we always stay up on the gaming news. Greg, I don't know if you've probably haven't heard of this, but in Splatoon, the Nintendo title, they oftentimes do what they call Splatfest, where it's Team X versus Y.
For example, a few weeks ago, they had Team Cat versus Dog. They had, what was it, Team Roller Coaster versus Team Waterslide?
And there was Marshmallow and Hot Dog.
Yeah, something like that. Well, the upcoming one is actually the first tie-in with another property, and it's Transformers.
Cool.
So it's Team Autobots versus Team Decepticons. Now, I would think the answer to this is probably obvious, but you never know. So I'm going to ask, Greg, which team do you think you would be splatting in Splatoon for? Team Autobots or Team Decepticons?
Well, Long Haul is a Constructicon, so there's that. And he didn't join his outfit to be no dump truck, but he's a worthy adversary. But meet King! So I kind of got a pull for my team.
All right.
Now, if it's Autobots versus Marshmallows, I think that remains, that's pretty easy.
Well, there it is. It's settled, guys. I think I just ruined Splatfest and had the whole thing tilted in one direction there. All right. There we go.
Oh, I wouldn't have the slightest idea. I'm just speculating.
I think you should have, like, Greg Burger and David Funanabi. David, you were shockwave on Transformers Prime.
Yes, I was. I was also depth charge on Beast Wars, so I was on both sides.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, my God.
But he was, you know, depth charge was barely good. Just on the good side, just like 5%.
Love it. Well, again, thank you guys so much for joining us tonight. And if you guys have questions for our trio in the chat room, head on over to live.vognetwork.com.
We have some comments here in chat. Bonds006 says, I'm looking at the IMDB stats. The fandom is high tonight.
Let's see, another comment in chat here. Everyone in the OLR chat room just wetted themselves there at the Grimlock. Awesome.
Well, hey, let me ask this. So you guys are all voice actors, and I'm sure this, you know, kind of brings this first question to mind.
What made you decide this is the life for me? I want to get into voice acting. This is my calling. This is what I want to do.
Andrew, I'll start with you.
My thing is I've been trying to get more into voice acting. I've done a few things non-union.
It's funny, the more I do that, the more I get pulled into doing, like, casting and voice directing, more so casting than that.
But the reason I particularly liked voice acting or I like it and it's something I want to pursue is I studied theater in Florida and I studied theater out here.
And I just found it more freeing to be able to just get behind a microphone and embody a character.
I feel like it's a little bit, for me, less anxiety or some sort of stress, but it capitalizes on creativity because they don't really care that I'm 5'6".
It's like, oh, you're Frodo Baggins. You are not going to play an action hero. And it's like, yeah, yeah, I understand that.
You know, so I like the idea that if I can sound like a character, if what I'm saying is believable and what I bring to the table is what they, you know, want, then that's all they care about.
It doesn't matter what I look like. I could show up in, like, feedie pajamas and wear a T-Rex hat and they wouldn't care.
Casual Friday is every day in voice acting, right?
Love it. Greg, what about you? What made you decide that voice acting is for me?
Well, I can abbreviate the story and tell you the emphasis is more on the acting than the voice because when the character is three-dimensional and true, the voice goes wherever the rest of it carries.
I came to Los Angeles as an actor with a show. I actually have always pursued this as supplemental, but I was seen in a show that started in New York and I was in the L.A. company by someone notable who asked to say hello after the show.
He said if I was as versatile as what they had seen on stage, they should know about me for animation and without missing a beat, I said you've had my demo for several months now.
If you can move it from the bottom of the pile to the top of the pile, it's exactly what I'd love to be doing.
I've been smitten by it since my, you know, chin was on my fist on Saturday morning watching shows on the floor of the living room.
So I have a great loyalty to all of the greats and when I was seated next to Mel Blanc and in the room with Don Messick and June Ferre still, I'm working with my heroes and they may or may not be well-known names to other people, but to have been allowed in the course of my career to work with most if not all of my heroes is just jaw-dropping for me.
And you know what's so funny is like right as you're telling this story, SSG100Matt just posted a question in our chat, who is your idols or inspiration in voice acting and so it's so funny that you said that and then Dark Soccer, you know, June Ferre.
You named one of mine.
Yeah, I mean she's flawless, she's amazing and Mel Blanc's certainly like one of the just originals, so.
We actually, I don't know how many know, but in addition to Grimlock, I'm also Odie, Haridee, Alley Cat, Herman the Mailman and Squeak the Mouse on the Garfield show.
And June Ferre has over the past few seasons been an irregular regular, so she's dropped in with some frequency and you know, just to be able to call her a friend is fantastic for me.
I think we're all excited that we get to call Grimlock a friend now, having been on OLR.
Me no kisser!
Okay, fair enough, fair enough.
David, how about you? What made you decide voice acting, this is what I want to do?
Well I had studied acting with Sanford Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York and I was thinking I would be doing theater, I was thinking I would be doing on camera and I did a lot of theater, I did about 30 plays.
And while I was doing the plays, people were saying, I've got this great voice for villains, you should do these villains. And I kind of have a great face for radio, like a thug look to me.
I get the same thing, I get the same thing all the time, I hear you.
Yeah, so the parts I was being offered on camera were just not really that interesting. And it got way more interesting when I got into voice acting, so I stuck with it, they kept encouraging me with a paycheck.
And I also had a lot of fun along the way and it just became something I was trying out and became my life. That was about 20 years ago I started it.
I think you guys are all very fortunate to just be born with that type of voice, you know what I mean?
Because when you guys are talking, I'm like, I would just listen to a podcast with these guys, just talking.
I think we are listening to a podcast with these guys.
I think we are right now listening to a podcast with us talking.
Rob's going meta tonight.
Sadly, I only get you for 30 minutes, but I'm talking on the regular. Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom over at live.vogue.com says, just erase the rest of the show role and keep them on.
I'll keep them here as long as I can. I will.
Well, here's the deal. A distinctive voice can only help to serve you. However, if your acting chops are honed, and both David and I are teaching for Grey Knight Productions right now,
but if your acting chops are honed, you'll come up with something original, unique, and memorable if that's what you're suited for.
If I hadn't studied acting, I'd probably have about 5 credits on my IMDB instead of 100, because you have to be able to just go in 50 different directions.
I don't really have the type of voice, the type of comedic training that I think Greg has.
I think a lot of what I'm doing is variations on a theme, but it's really based on telling the story, living truthfully under these crazy given imaginary circumstances we have in animation and video games.
Often they'll throw the character in front of me and I'll make it up on the spot. I'm sure Greg's had to do that at times, too. I don't really have a lot of voices that I pull out of a hat.
If I may chime in, by the way, I completely agree with my mentors and the people I've studied with, and I completely agree.
A lot of the stuff that they talk about actually came into casting for me, because I found that the projects that I've worked on, I've had someone with a voice that I'm like,
I literally push my chair back. That's great, but then I don't believe a darn thing that they're saying.
I've had people that have the everyday approachable average voice, but their performance is so captivating that you feel for them.
That's what I think it's about, reaching out and finding a way to make your audience care about what you're saying.
So let's talk a little bit more, Andrew, about this Grey Knight productions that you have, because I know you are, since we're talking about having the voice but then learning how to refine the voice,
I know this is a big passion that you guys have, is that you're actually helping people learn how to more refine the voice and how to act and so forth.
So tell us a little bit about this school that you've set up, Andrew.
So I started Grey Knight as a means, because I've taken acting classes all throughout Los Angeles, and there's some predators out there who will take your money and go,
Ha ha ha, you're so good at acting.
Predators? In Hollywood? Get out!
No, they're all so honest and caring.
But no, I started my production company because I'm like, okay, well, I know some of the best people on the planet who do what they do, and I figured those are the best teachers.
Now, granted, just because someone's famous or does this and is in this project doesn't mean that they're qualified to teach.
A lot of people that I bring in, I've either studied with or they've gotten ridiculous references, or their background really supports their argument.
But yeah, so the goal is, you know, I work in casting, and I've discovered that a lot of people, especially with my generation, some of them don't have the substance.
They go, oh, that looks easy, and, you know, Greg and David can tell you the same thing, where it's like, they go, wow, you know, I do a great Donald Duck impression, or I do this really well.
And it's like, oh, that's nice. Can you act? And they're like, uh, uh, uh.
So the whole point of Grey Knight was just, it's to basically offer the highest quality classes, you know, in a premier environment.
I mean, like, we're using Formosa Interactive, and they did, like, God of War, and they worked on, like, Last of Us, and they worked on Carlson Riddick, and some of the stuff for Frozen.
So, you know, it's creating the best possible environment with the best teachers, and, you know, trying to make it competitive and fair so it doesn't kill a student's pocket.
I think that's a really good point, too, about the whole I can do an impression versus can you stay in that impression, because I know I can do a mean Miss Piggy.
It's all about you.
I can do a Miss Piggy.
You can't do a happy Miss Piggy?
Only a mean one.
You might need to do a happy one sometimes.
I can do a Miss Piggy, but I can't, like, you asked me to act, I would never be able to do it.
So, you know, I think I might need a class or seven to teach me how to get that better.
But this is, unfortunately, I know we're a global show, but you're mostly focused in the Los Angeles area, right?
For now, actually one of the things I'm trying to figure out or work out, I'm figuring out if I can do a phone patch or if I can do, ISDN is way too expensive.
But I'm trying to find a way to actually make it so that people can study if they're in, you know, like freaking New Zealand or Australia or London or whatever, and they can kind of tap in, you know, finding a way to make it so that people around the globe can actually take these classes.
And, you know, I'm currently trying to find a way to kind of just, you know, I guess the best way to put it is put up the resources and the materials so that people who really want to do this, this is a passion for them.
They can't live without it, you know, they're doing it because they enjoy it, not for the money, you know, that they have the ability to pursue it.
I don't think anyone's location should really necessarily limit them for their ability to educate themselves for what they want to do in their lives.
Well, excellent. I hope through, you know, web conferencing technologies or things like that, you guys are able to do that.
You know, I know we have the podcasting, but, you know, sometimes, you know, it's kind of difficult to set that up in like a school type format, but I think that would be great because actually Greg and David are two of the teachers, correct?
Yeah, no, they're amazing teachers and yeah, they're the ones who actually kind of justified me doing it.
Greg and David have been the staples for my education in the entertainment industry and really just nailed and drove home the whole acting element and I had brought this idea forward and I'm like,
Hey, Greg, David, I'm going to try to do this thing. Do you want to try to do it? Oh, yeah. Oh, no questions asked. I would love to teach. I would love to be able to do this. This is great. I love, you know, and I'm pretty sure that you guys have been approached by other people before, right?
I mean, it's just it's one of those things that's found on ethics. I like to think they like they're doing it because they like what I'm trying to do.
It definitely seems like the voice acting circle is a very tight knit, like little family I noticed because, you know, I see again, it seems like you guys are going to a lot of the same conventions and so forth.
And, you know, I know our pal Marissa here in Los Angeles was actually the one that got us all introduced. And, you know, she's she's talking about all these wonderful people she's meeting and networking with which shout out to Marissa hearts.
Yeah, Marissa Meisel.
Love that woman.
She's great.
So let me let me ask a couple more questions about video game voice acting and so forth.
Let me let me ask Greg and David, because you guys have such diverse resumes. You guys have done cartoons, movies, you know, screen capture and so forth.
What is what are the challenges that go into video game voice acting specifically as opposed to I'm going to be doing a cartoon or something like that? How are video games different?
Well, in a cartoon, quite often you have the entire cast. So it's like doing a radio play and you can work off of each other.
But I think I have about fifty five or sixty video games on my resume and I'm DB and only twice have we ever had more than one cast member in the room.
It's usually me by myself and any other dialogue that's happening. I either have to just have it in my head or the director might say it.
So it is a lot harder without other actors there.
I would think, too, the whole fact that the dialogue can branch in a video game, whereas, you know, with a cartoon, it's static.
But, you know, you kind of have to suddenly be like, OK, this is the good answer. This is the bad answer.
You know, I could I could see where that like just is is so easy.
It would it would not make it possible to have everybody in the same room, I would think, in some cases.
Well, I'm sorry. I'm just echoing everything David said up to this point.
And he and I did a game called Halo Wars to get Halo Wars together.
Oh, I think a few people have heard of that one. Halo Wars.
Yes, Halo Wars is it's pretty popular. That was one of the notable exceptions.
That's one of the two. We did it ensemble style.
I'm sure it was inconvenient from a production standpoint.
And part of the reason for that is actually understandable.
And that's because there are so many nearly infinite possibilities that the only way to really cover an actor is isolated in the booth.
It's much more difficult to cover that ground ensemble, although it's way more fun for actors to play with actors.
But the relationship in in games, which David was was pointing at, is is really more between the director and the actor, because you're kind of acting in a vacuum.
The director on the other side of the glass has to paint you in and out of scenes and help you find levels that are consistent with other people who may have recorded before you.
But you don't have the luxury of working directly opposite them.
Quite often they have a writer there as well, because on Guild Wars 2, for instance, I get called in to work on that fairly often.
And they will sometimes have three different studios going with milk crates full of scripts.
And we all have our own little section that they've they're very organized.
But I've seen in the one studio and imagine this is times three studios, you have three milk crates.
Each milk crate has maybe, I don't know, 4000 pages in it and a quart of milk and a little bit of cream cheese because it's delicious.
A little voice acting schmear. But no, they they'll take out the binder and take out your section and off you go.
And if there's one hundred and eighty thousand lines in a game, there's no way the director is going to have read all that.
So they often will have a producer and they'll have the writer there to help them.
Wow. I can I can only imagine like, well, and that's got to be like so much.
And this this leads into a great question from our chat room over at live.vognetware.com from SSJ100Matt saying that the various voice acting con panels he's gone to, he's heard it put stress on your voice after long sessions.
How long normally does it take for your voice to recover after a recording session or an entire voice acting project?
Let me ask Greg something here. Does your agent generally limit you to two hours of screaming or do you sometimes get the four hours of screaming from video games?
The effort is always to confine the I mean, if it's a war game or if it's a extreme stress.
First, I believe they have to include that language so that there's an option of whether or not you're strong enough, vocally strong enough to withstand that kind of stress.
Because when you say yes to an engagement, you better bring one hundred and fifty percent of your abilities with you.
That's no time to find out that you've overreached your grasp.
But yes, efforts are made on on behalf of clients to confine those high, high intensity and stress sections of a game to a two hour period rather than a full four hour session.
Although if you're doing, it's not a video game, but if you're doing a feature film, the language is a bit different in that contract.
I've been in situations where I was in a group situation with say about ten voices and we'd be there seven, eight hours.
And it sounds like, oh, well, hey, I work forty hours a week. What's the big deal?
You know, everyone out there saying that. But when you're screaming at the top of your lungs for four hours, that's pretty much all they're going to get.
You're not going to be able to do it. You asked about recovery. Oftentimes I'll take a day off.
I will schedule, if I can, the video games on the times of the week when I know I have an extra day afterwards before I have to do anything else.
And there is no single answer to recovery time because it differs by different talents.
But it also there's no way of knowing how consistently torturous a session is going to be.
But as a rule, most of them, especially if they're combat oriented, are going to be stressful.
Now, we don't get the scripts in advance for video games. For the most part, we're just walking in cold and we might have six hundred lines.
That's a long session. But say we have four hundred lines to do in four hours and we will have never seen that before.
So there's, I think, an additional vocal stress in just having to come up with characterizations in the moment.
Sometimes you've done them before, but oftentimes you haven't.
You can do up to three voices in a session and sometimes they have you do more and pay you a bit more.
You know, I bet these are things that most gamers never even think about when they're playing the game.
Is that, you know, there's all that energy that goes into all those screams and everything else that you're doing in the game.
And the fact that because there is such an air of secrecy around video games,
like I'm sure you guys have plenty more projects in the works you can't talk about because there's all that secrecy that goes into it.
And so you have to go into it cold because, heaven forbid, the script for something like Mass Effect Andromeda or Halo 5 or something leaks.
You know, it's going to be huge. Jamie, you want to jump in here with something?
I was just thinking that it would probably require the same sort of control like with modulation that goes into singing,
especially diaphragm control, controlling your breath, keeping your voice at a particular level.
And I've had a friend of mine who halfway through her master's program as an opera singer had to have vocal surgery for overtaxing yourself.
Not pretty.
Yeah. And so you guys...
That's like a football player getting a leg injury.
Or if you want to look at more pop culture, Chris Cornell, when he had three surgeries on his mostly singer of Soundgarden.
And his voice has never been the same ever since. So, I mean, you guys totally get props from me.
Well, like any other artist, you want to acquire whatever mastery you can over whatever instrument it is you're playing, even if it's your own voice.
But speaking for myself, I believe that in these sessions, by bringing your A-game every time, by not holding back,
you don't go out of your way to damage yourself, obviously.
But holding back can make every session take twice as long because it's not translating as true.
If you hold back, it sounds held back.
So there's just a sweet spot, just like a tennis racket, that you look for that strength for yourself.
It's something you learn just through repetition and skill building.
And if you're skilled enough and they trust you and you're screaming like crazy, they will sometimes allow you to just do one take and they'll take it.
And you're able to come up with a good enough performance that you don't ruin your voice by having to do three or four takes of every line.
That's pretty awesome.
Wow. This has been so informative. And I'm sad that our time is running out tonight.
But if our listeners want to keep in touch with you guys, I want to make sure you guys have a chance to amply plug your Twitter and your websites and what have you so that folks can follow you.
So let me just go down the line here.
David, do you have a place that people can follow you and find out more information and hear more from you later?
I'm at Twitter, at Volo Boss. It's my last name backwards. V-O-L-O-B-O-S. And that's kind of my only social media right now.
There's a lot of them. Sometimes you have to focus on one or two.
Yeah, that's what I'm doing right now.
There's too many. I understand. Greg, how about you?
Best is Facebook slash my name G-R-E-G-G-B-E-R-G-E-R at Greg Burger on Twitter and coming soon to a, I don't know, Pinkberry near you. I don't know.
Ooh, that's our favorite.
Pinkberry.
I think we're on the first name basis of the Pinkberry Twitter.
No, but hopefully coming soon to a convention near you. And I really love the convention vibe. I love the opportunity to say thank you to the people who are kind enough to come and say thank you to us.
Albeit WasabiCon in Florida, October 31st and November 1st.
Greg, any upcoming appearances for you convention-wise?
TFCon, Charlotte, October 16th through 18th. There's some other things in the pipeline, but boy that NDA, those are the three letters we live with daily. And it's all, things are not disclosed until it's time to disclose them.
Well, when they are disclosed after E3 or Game Awards or whatever, they're going to announce it out. We'll have to have you guys back to talk about it.
Andrew, I want to make sure you can plug your website as well. And please, one more time, the acting classes.
Oh yeah, so my website is greenightproductions.com and you can follow me on Twitter and talk to me. I'm pretty responsive to people.
At AJjones828. But yeah, the classes, I'm trying to actually schedule a four-week class with David and Greg in the next couple of months.
So, I mean, I always put stuff up. So yeah, just let me know. Message me if you have a question. And that's another thing too. I feel a lot of people are very, that would be my phone freaking out.
Sorry you guys are fast at following on Twitter.
Oh my god, that was me following you on Twitter that said off your phone? Wow. That's amazing.
My phone is amazing. No, it's, you know, I feel a lot of people get a little bit wow or a little bit shy about stuff because they think, oh, it's, you know, it's Greg Burger and David Sobolov.
And it's like, no, I mean, they're amazing teachers and, you know, I'm open to questions and so are they.
Oh, I am announced at a G.I. Joe, original G.I. Joe panel at Long Beach Comic Con September 12th, I believe.
Another favorite. I know we could just, we could just spend hours and hours talking to these guys about all these various roles and impacts they've had on our favorite games and cartoons from way back.
But I got it. They got it. They got a busy night ahead. I got to let them go. Thank you so much for taking the time out to be on our show tonight. I really appreciate it, you guys.
And best of luck with not only the classes, but all your future projects that you can't talk about yet.
Thank you. Thank you for having us.
You are most welcome, guys. Take care.
Take care.
All right.
Cheers. Bye.
Good one. That was Andrew Jones, Greg Burger, David Sobolov. Some fantastic voice acting talent there on the program.
Dark Soccer, you were covering OK from fangirling over there? No, that was awesome. That was awesome.
I have happiness.
I wish, you know, sadly, I was not born with the deep voice that those guys like David has.
But, you know, it is what it is. And I think those guys are extremely talented at what they do.
And that was great to hear even those little little excerpts of some of their characters here. Alan, what do you think of all that?
It was great.
Yeah, we get some great guests here on Orange Lounge Radio. We're so happy. So happy.
Hey, if you want to, if you think you have an idea for a guest here for Orange Lounge Radio.
Because like I said, Marissa got us and hooked us up and got us in touch.
Please feel free to reach out to me anytime. robatvognetwork.com
If you want to get in touch and get somebody booked here on the show.
ActDeftInChat saying, it's always great to hear voice actors. I agree.
SG100Matt says, everyone follow him, break his phone. Good plan. Good plan.
And Bobby Black Wolf saying VOG has the best interviews. You know, we're pretty, I try to be humble, but we're pretty darn good.
You should have asked me for some interview questions because I had some stuff I could ask them.
Oh no, I didn't know you were, you should have thrown something at me.
No, I wasn't waving at you. You had it all planned out.
Actually, I improved most of that. With the help of the chatters.
Rob reached into his underwear and pulled out. No.
But I only had 30 minutes, so I had to make the best of the time I had.
What would you have asked out of curiosity?
If anything jumped out at them where a video game script, especially for the Final Fantasy ones,
where the word salad was so bad that they had no problem saying it,
but they had to turn to the producer and be like, life ether, what the fuck am I saying?
Because I know that's come up.
If any of them are still listening, tweet me the answer at OLR, let me know.
What do you do about that word salad? That's right.
Some video games that have some weird-
LeCie, Falsie, Seif, like 13 is awful with that stuff.
I just totally want to like find a way to contact Gideon Emery and ask him,
okay, do you just crack up every time you say anything as Urianger in 13?
Oh yeah.
And I love him because he's like all of my favorite BioWare people, practically.
But I have to fast forward every time because I can't get over the really bad language.
Well, that's just how-
That's how the character's written.
It's how it's written, but he has to read those pretentious, overly, anon, forthwith, thou, hence-
And on top of that, it's grammatically incorrect.
Yeah, it's butchered.
It's very, oh my god. So anyway, but as like I was saying though, I was a music major for a short while,
which is how I met my poor friend who ended up getting vocal surgery halfway through her masters.
And I have nothing but mad respect for people who use their voice as their instrument.
I mean, your body using that as an instrument for what you do.
I've pulled my diaphragm before playing the bass when I played Contralto Clarinet.
Any abuse that you put your body through and still get up the next day and do it, mad respect.
I think there's always a part of me that thinks, Rob, you really should have done a cartoon character.
You really should have gotten into some of that stuff.
And I think there's still a part of me to this day that says that, but I really like doing this radio stuff too.
It's an awful lot of fun doing the podcasting.
I was surprised that one of them had said that for the cartoons, they get to do the ensemble recordings
because when Ayesha Tyler had Adam Reed on talking about Archer on her podcast,
that show is exclusively separate, each person.
That is all spliced together using software and basically the direction that they get.
It might just depend on who.
Because Ayesha Tyler and H. John Benjamin have a million gigs going on at once.
That might be part of it too.
So I think that show in particular is probably maybe a bad example.
But yeah, I believe that show is almost entirely done piecemeal.
Yeah, and Marissa is saving the day.
You're asking all these voice acting questions.
Marissa is saving the day in our chat room over at live.vogue.com.
Marissa is saying studios collect clips of when actors lose it.
That's because that cast has so many working actors.
Yeah, that is probably a really bad example.
All right, well, again, we want to thank Andrew, David, and Greg for joining us tonight.
That was a great interview.
And the cool thing is, thanks to kind of getting in with those guys and so forth,
I'm getting connected with more and more voice actors.
So look forward to bringing some more on Orange Launch Radio in the coming months.
I'm hoping to meet up with one at Dragon Con.
You know, I have like, as far as anything that goes into the production of video games,
and I'm just going to actually single it back to video games.
My heart, I think, and I appreciate the things that everyone does,
but my heart goes to concept art, manual production, and voice actors,
and manual production is dying.
All right, well, let's move on.
We're still at 7.09.
We're now we're into the show, and we still haven't even touched a news story yet,
but you know what, well worth it for that interview, well worth it.
I just want to quickly get into my gaming week because I had to take a quick detour.
So I've played a lot of the similar stuff that I've talked about in previous weeks.
Still trying to make progress on Gauntlet on the PlayStation 4,
which I've surpassed what I did on the PC and gotten a little further.
So that was pretty cool.
I also was playing a little more of Everybody's Gone to the Rapture,
which I talked about in more detail last week, so I'll kind of leave my review there.
But I was chasing some trophies in the game last week.
Just a couple quick new games I want to mention.
On the PlayStation 4, well, this is an old game in new clothing,
but they actually have this growing library of what they call arcade archives
available on the PlayStation 4.
I believe the price to be a little pricey.
They won $8 a game, and they have things in the collection like Gradius,
but the one I decided to finally pick up this week was Bomb Jack,
which had just come out just in this past week, I believe.
And Bomb Jack was a game that I remember from the Commodore 64,
and I believe there was a version of it on the NES as well.
I think Mighty Bomb Jack was on the NES.
So I have fond memories of the game, so I decided,
what the hell, I'm going to pick up the game.
And, you know, it's an 80s arcade game being emulated on the PlayStation 4.
Pretty hard to mess that up.
But one of the things I like is that they have a lot of options,
so you can do all these different ratios in the game.
You can flip the screen 90 degrees.
So, you know, for emulation of an 80s arcade game,
you know, because not every, you know,
when you go to like Virtual Console on NES,
you don't always see all these options available.
What did I say on the NES?
When you're doing NES Virtual Console on the Wii U,
you don't always see all these options.
So it was pretty neat to have all that.
But one thing that cracked me up about Bomb Jack was that the trophies are a joke.
I got every trophy, I think there's like five bronze and two gold,
in ten minutes in that game without even trying.
Because the trophies are things like...
You started a game, you scored a point.
You access the options menu, submit your high score online.
Like seriously, you read the manual.
Like, the trophies are a joke.
But I'm pretty sure that's because the easiest way for them to do the trophies
was to program them all into the shell, the emulator shell.
And so therefore, none of the trophies have anything to do with the game itself.
Like the score you get in the game.
But yet, the shell knows enough to extract your high score from the game
and put it on an online leaderboard.
So you would think there would be some trophies that are like,
get a hundred thousand points, get five hundred thousand points.
You know, things like that.
So I was a little surprised at that.
So that would be my only little complaint.
I mean, the trophies are a real gimme.
And that's kind of a minor.
Because, you know, who really cares?
There's not a lot of people that super care about trophies.
Some do, don't get me wrong.
If you're a trophy whore, these are the easiest trophies you'll ever get
in these arcade collections.
But if you're not, you're probably going to laugh at how easy most of them unlock.
Just go into every menu option you have and you'll get, like, all these trophies.
It's pretty funny.
So that is Bomb Jack.
And then otherwise, I want to talk about one other quick game.
This is actually a game that is on the phone.
And I don't talk about a lot of phone-based games.
But it's a brand new one that came out this week.
It's called Pac-Man 256.
Pac-Man 256 is, of course, a Pac-Man game.
I think we've talked about it previously on the show.
It was one that was in development.
They've taken the concept of an endless runner,
like Temple Run, Jetpack Joyride, those sorts of games,
and applied it to Pac-Man.
And they call it Pac-Man 256 because,
you remember how on the 256 board on Pac-Man,
half of it glitches out and it renders the game unplayable, right?
It's the kill screen version.
Yes, exactly.
So what they do, instead of it being a left and right thing,
they have a glitch at the bottom when you play Pac-Man 256,
and the glitching slowly moves up the screen.
And the maze is an endless maze vertically.
So you're basically forever chomping away vertically
to try and escape the glitching that's happening at the bottom of the screen.
And they put a bunch of other twists on it too.
For example, you have these little power-ups,
like lasers and bombs and things like that,
that'll help you in taking out the ghosts.
But that's where the free-to-play mechanic comes in as well,
is that you use coins to get these power-ups,
and you can collect them slowly, or...
Pay $3.99.
Exactly.
Or watch a movie, watch a 30-second ad to get some.
But you know what, all things considered for a free-to-play game,
it's pretty well constructed.
So I've got to say, I've played some pretty shitty free-to-play games.
I'm always going to say that Act of Time battle, or whatever the square one was.
The Soul Calibur one.
Oh god, the Soul Calibur game.
I'm like, oh, I blocked that from my memory.
Why are you doing that to me?
So as far as free-to-play games go...
I could bring up something worse.
I like Pac-Man 256. What?
Yaris.
Repressed memory. Why did you do that?
So anyway, Pac-Man 256, you know, it's free.
And I think it's a cool little game on the phone.
I would check that out if you haven't seen that yet.
So there you go.
Alright, that is it for our gaming weeks.
I'm reading our chat room.
Bonds006 in chat says,
I love when I get lazy trophies.
You found ammo, food, new player.
Yeah, it's even easier than that.
And we do have a link, by the way, to greynightproductions.com in our chat room.
Oh, I noticed that it looks like Andrew actually joined us there in chat.
Hello!
Welcome to the chat room.
If you guys want to keep asking some questions,
maybe he'll be good enough to answer there in the chat room.
Before we get into gaming news, some real quick housekeeping.
Of course, follow us on Twitter at OLR.
We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
As far as upcoming shows go, we will not be here in two weeks.
There will be no show in two weeks,
because I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta.
It's also Labor Day weekend,
so many of you guys here in the States are off on travel and so forth.
Those around the world who don't have Labor Day, sorry,
but it's a week when a lot of people are going to be away
if your favorite show tapes on the weekend.
I will be in Atlanta at Dragon Con,
Bobby Blackwell and I participating in a couple of panels.
Actually, the Dragon Con app is out and now updated,
so if you are attending Dragon Con,
you should check out the Dragon Con app,
and you're going to want to mark the podcasting past, present,
and future panel is the one that I will be attending,
and that is on, I believe, Sunday at 1 p.m.
That's going to be fun to chat on, because we've been doing OLR for,
I lost count, 13 years, right?
We've been doing Orange Lounge Radio for 13 years,
so I think I'm there to talk about the past before it was in iTunes and so forth.
Bobby is going to be doing a panel, I believe it's about community.
Podcasting community, you can check that out Monday at 10 a.m.
I was trying to pull up my own schedule, but it's updating right now on my phone.
And I must say, I actually am not going to be on the show next Sunday.
You're not?
Because you know who I'm going to get to meet.
How dare you?
Oh, is that next week?
That's next week.
Who are you meeting next week?
Weird Al.
You should get a bumper.
I wish.
We've got backstage passes and meet and greet tickets to see Weird Al.
This is the day before my 10-year wedding anniversary.
Ah.
So, screw you guys, I'm going to see Weird Al.
That's fair, I understand.
You know, we sponsored a convention in Atlanta,
and Bobby actually left said convention that we paid money to be at
to go see a Weird Al concert.
So, this is not the first time that Weird Al has completely interrupted something.
Bobby is a wise, wise man.
And I just interrupted you in something related to Weird Al.
And now you're going to drink from the fire hose.
That wasn't Weird Al that said that, though.
What's his face that was...
Seinfeld.
Yeah, that show I don't watch.
The guy that then went, kind of bonkers.
Wheel of Fish.
All right, let's get into it.
We could talk about Weird Al all night, but we're not.
It's not a Weird Al podcast.
It's a gaming podcast.
So, let's get into some gamer news.
Alan, start us off, please.
Nintendo is dropping the price of the 2DS starting August 30th.
It's going from, I believe, $129.99 down to $99.99.
So, $100 will get you a 2DS.
And they are now...
The core 2DS package will come with a download code for Mario Kart 7.
So, that is just standard now.
Some caveats about the 2DS.
The screen size is not as big as a standard XL 3DS.
The slider and ability to view the 3DS with the two screens that overlay is removed entirely.
Because it's technically meant for little kids.
And that's obviously why it's called the 2DS.
So, the 3D ability has been removed.
I know adults that use it, too.
Yeah, a lot of people that originally liked the 3DS play with it off.
Just because I think for some games, like I think Pokmon X and Y,
the battles have a slightly higher frame rate if you just turn it off entirely.
And I think a lot of other games are like that.
A lot of Pokmon don't even do the 3D.
I get motion sick from the 3D.
And honestly, like in Final Fantasy Theatrhythm, the 3D is distracting.
I have to turn it off.
Yeah, so if you're like, eh, it was nice, but I don't need it, then that's for you.
Also, again, if a game requires the new 3DS, because certain games require
whatever new chipset is in the new 3DS, you cannot play that on a 2DS.
Because it's a 2DS and not a new 3DS.
So, yeah, that's yay for affordable consoles.
3DS is still, you know, the DS platform is still dominating the portable market.
I'm going to be a little bit tinfoil-hatish here, and I apologize,
but do you think they could be dropping the price because they're trying to offload these
because there could be a successor on the way relatively soon?
Well, whenever I do the gaming predictions for the new year,
I always say Nintendo is going to come out with yet another SKU for the DS.
So there's going to be the 2DS plus Omega they have to clear shelf space for.
I don't know.
Alright. Well, also in Nintendo's camp this week, a lot of people talking about
a patent application that has been, you know, we get a lot of gaming secrets
out of patent applications, but sometimes it doesn't mean anything.
Sometimes companies file these patents that maybe they're thinking about doing something
and they don't end up doing it, or they just want to have those legal protections
or what have you. So this week, a lot of people with raised eyebrows at the fact
that Nintendo has filed a patent for a stationary game console without an optical disk drive.
Here's an excerpt from this patent.
An example system includes an internal hard disk drive storing a program and or data,
a communication unit transmitting or receiving a program and or data via a network,
and a processor executing a program stored in the hard disk drive to perform game processing.
The example system is not provided with an optical disk drive for reading out a program
and or data from an optical disk.
So this has a lot of people jumping to conclusions that possibly Nintendo's next console
may not have a disk drive.
Now you may remember, Microsoft got in a lot of poopy water when they announced that
Xbox One was going to have all these locks on it and it was essentially going to be digital only.
You remember the whole thing about DRM and so forth.
Well, if you're not going to have a disk drive on a console, one would assume this means
that they're going to a digital only type of system.
Well now granted, it would be the only digital only system to have ever existed.
I believe that Ouya was a digital only system.
Correct? Maybe you could put a USB thing in there and read it that way,
but there was no disks in the traditional sense.
The Ouya was also only $99 and has recently been sold, as we talked about a couple weeks ago.
I'm not sure how gamers would react to a Nintendo console with no disk drive.
I think again, there is a certain type of equity that comes in with having a large gaming library
because you can sell those games back and so forth.
But if Nintendo is about to unveil their new console and say,
well, there's not going to be any disks, so you're not going to be able to buy, sell, trade and all that stuff,
but all our games are now only going to be 20 bucks.
Well, that might be, that might, I don't know, I doubt they'd go that low,
but even if they were to say 30 bucks, I don't know, that might make some people think twice.
Again, we're hugely jumping to conclusions with this.
We can't assume anything is going to happen until we hear it from Nintendo themselves,
but a lot of people speculating what could be happening with this whole NX thing.
SSG100Matt in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com saying,
I would be worried about this. This is a huge step in the technical direction,
and if Nintendo doesn't pull it off right, then it won't go well for them.
Bonds006 says, I think Nintendo can go diskless and get away with it.
I kind of think they can too, because Nintendo also has a very rabid fan base,
where Microsoft, they have a fan base too, but they have just as many detractors as they do fans.
I'm not sure Nintendo has that same ratio, honestly.
I mean, there's always going to be Nintendo detractors.
There's always going to be haters. You're always going to have a hater somewhere,
but I just think the ratio is, is different.
DarkSaga?
I'm just going back to the no disk thought.
Nintendo has always been one for wanting to control, though, their format.
You know, hence, they had the, they stuck cartridge for so long,
and then moved on to their own proprietary disk format,
and I think, honestly, going digital is the best way to control their, I mean,
then again, I think the other part was it too, is that people would have to pay them for the,
the media as well, because it was their proprietary,
but still, it just reeks back to having that controllable aspect of it, you know.
Well, you know, not everybody sees this as such a bad thing.
Grayknight is in our chat room and says, I'd love to have no more disks.
GameStop needs to go away.
Brad from PodCulture responds directly to that comment saying,
only problem, disk space and bandwidth. Games are so huge these days.
Well, you know, I think the bandwidth problem, by the time Nintendo puts out their next console,
which, you know, even a year from now, I think a lot of that is going to resolve itself out.
I'm not as worried about that, but then I also think about, well,
DarkStalker just started opening the show talking about the vault and her collection,
and to hear that those tangible things might be going away is kind of, it's sad in a way.
I don't have the same attachment I do to media today as I do for the older media.
I mean, yeah, it's one thing to bust out the Super Nintendo and plug in Chrono Trigger,
and go, Chrono Trigger, and then look at my copy of Chrono Trigger on disk and go,
do I want to play this one? No, I'd rather play the cartridge.
You know, it's the same thing. I don't mind digital content.
I mean, every last game I've bought now in the last, actually, I take that back.
We've bought two games that were on disk, and they were when we got our PS4.
We got Batman, which came with it, and we got Puyo Puyo Tetris.
Dungeon Buster in our chat, one more comment here, says,
Arguably, though, we've slowly been moving in that direction with more and more games being available for direct download.
So if Nintendo's leaping to conclusions with their new console, that's a big bet.
Well, you know, and to be fair to the prior comment from Grey Knight, too,
is that, you know, if you look at, like, phones, iPhones or Android,
you don't put in cartridges in those things right now. It's all digital.
That's the digital world we live in.
But it's also, you pay 99 cents, or free, or, you know, you know what I mean?
Like, it's a lot less, there's very, very few games that can get away with charging $15
as an iPhone or Android download, and the only ones that can are usually what?
Square Enix games. That's about it. They actually get away with doing that. Anyway.
Well, there's something else, actually, that occurred to me.
In our big, you know, relocation of the vault back to the house, we found our boxes of laser discs.
And Dan and I were having a conversation about, I wonder how many of our discs have succumbed to disc ride.
Ooh.
And I haven't, I know that video CDs can also have that layer separation.
Mm-hmm.
And be subjected to the same thing. But I'm wondering, though, for CD, DVD, Blu-ray media,
if they have the same susceptibility to layer separation, disc rot.
I mean, disc rot is really just another term for the layer separation on the discs.
But they don't have the sustainability, I think, that our old cartridge-based media does.
So, and this is actually more in a response to Bobby saying,
in 30 years, people our age will wax politically about their old Halo discs.
Their old Halo discs may not even be functional, if you consider that aspect of it.
And I will scream fury if our Tron box set is no longer playable.
I will cry bitter, bitter, bitter, slightly manly tears.
Tears, tears don't have a gender.
They will be angry. They will be, my tears, if my tears had a voice, it would be Lewis Black.
I'll put it that way.
All right, fair enough. We could talk about this subject for a very long time.
It's just, it's one of those great games.
Halo will never be classic game of the week.
It's one of the, and you'll have to wait for a week, she's not here.
It'll be one of those great debates that goes on for a very long time.
But, you know, to humor Bobby's comment there, in 30 years, when we're still doing OLR,
we might be looking back on, wow, has the industry changed?
Remember when he had a big box of video discs and laser discs and so forth?
Anyway, to be continued, if Nintendo decides to go in that direction, we will see.
In the meantime, we've got more gaming news to cover,
so let's go to Dark Soccer for our next story.
Well, in other news, and let me get off of the list of every voice actor I'm in love with right now,
there actually was a hearing on the 21st, which was two days ago,
so I haven't seen anything about the outcome of this,
but the California Assembly Committee on Arts, Entertainment, Sports Tourism, and Internet Media,
I wonder if that actually has a decent acronym,
had a hearing, an info hearing, called California's Video Game Industry Staying on Top of the Changing Game,
to where they're basically looking at seeing what the industry looks like now,
and how California can stay a leader in the video game industry.
So, they were supposed to go over all kinds of different contributions of computer and video gaming,
of the role in colleges and universities for training, the development talent,
different opportunities for strengthening California's position in the industry,
as in money, money, money, and the future of video games,
as how it applies to education, research, and workforce development.
It's organized by the 57th District Assembly member, Ian Calderon,
and supposed to have just all kinds of people there.
There's a few folks from EA, there's folks from the Entertainment Software Association,
and a bunch of other folks.
I don't know what the result is, if they're going to publish anything,
but hopefully we'll see something published before too long.
So, I'm glad that they had some people in the industry there,
but I think if you want a real grasp on, I guess this really was more about the business aspect of it,
but I would have liked to have a little bit more about the social aspects of it,
about how this is affecting social media.
Well, this is me coming from the sociology background.
I would love to see a little bit more about how it encourages education amongst the players,
increases the more social aspects, and I want to see more in-person social events,
and not just contributing to the deterioration of in-person social interaction.
Things like that.
But I can see California, we need money, and this is money.
All right. Well, thank you.
Again, you're bringing up things that will be different.
It's so interesting to hear about these things that we research now,
but it's all going to change in ten years anyway.
All right. Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
and some video games that are coming soon to a store near you.
With Loki not here this week, I'm going to go ahead and just jump in here with the US release dates.
So, all the releases this week seem to, well, most of the physical ones anyway, all on the 25th.
So, on the 25th, you have to look forward to Amnesia Memories on the PlayStation Vita.
There's Honored Definitive Edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Gears of War Ultimate Edition arrives on the Xbox One.
I Am Bread on the PlayStation 4, and it's Madden week.
Madden 16 is out on PlayStation 3 and 4, and Xbox 360 and the One.
The Mega Man Legacy Collection is out this week.
I know a lot of you are looking forward to that.
You can get that on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Nova 1-11 on PlayStation 3, 4, Vita, and PC.
One Piece, Pirate Warriors 3 on PlayStation 4, 3, and Vita and Windows.
Shadowrun Hong Kong, PC, Mac, and Linux.
Steins Gate on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita.
And lastly, Until Dawn on the PlayStation 4 on the 25th.
That's the one that they showed at E3, I think, last year with the, what's her name?
Hayden Pantoneer, the... I can never say her name.
The cheerleader?
The cheerleader from Heroes.
Right, she's the one that's like motion capture.
It was like the scary game where you're running away from the killer,
and I'm sure a lot of you horror fans will be into that.
Also noteworthy, it's coming on a day that we don't usually get video games.
We usually get games on Tuesday, but we're getting some off-cycle game on Sunday,
and it's a big one.
And when you're this company, you can release a game any damn time you want.
Disney Infinity 3.0 is one week from today.
On everything. Literally everything.
On all the things.
It will probably run on an Atari 2600 if they can sell you figures, honestly.
All the things.
Now I'm just picturing this.
We're not picking you up, Alan, for some reason. Is that microphone off?
Sorry, it was off because I'm snacking.
Try again.
You had whispered about,
I don't know, I think I'm really going to get Disney Infinity 3.
With all the amiibos you already have.
Rob, don't do it.
Thinking about it, but luckily I have Mega Man Legacy Collection to distract me this week,
and I want to check out I Am Bread as well.
So as long as you can keep me focused on those games,
I probably will be able to put it off for a little while.
I always talked about that with Disney Infinity 2.0 as well.
I'm going to get it, I'm going to get it, and then I never got around to it
because there's all these other games to occupy my time.
Rob.
What?
Dragon Age Inquisition.
Play it and do multiplayer with me.
That's a thing?
Actually, I've played more multiplayer in that game than I probably have single player.
I haven't played multiplayer yet and I want to play with my friends.
I'm not good though.
So?
Alright, fair enough.
I still can't make it past whatever the, what, bronze and mass effects or whatever.
Alright.
Going to Japan quickly.
On the PlayStation 4 in Japan this week on the 27th, Dishonored HD.
Dragon's Dogma Online Limited Edition.
Madden 6.
Sorry, that's not Japan.
That's your update sneaking in there.
Until Dawn.
Sangeki no Senso is also out in Japan.
So that's interesting that that game is also coming out in Japan.
At the same time, we're getting it here in the US.
On the Xbox One, Dishonored is also being released on the Xbox One for ye few Xbox owners.
Devil's...
Why are all these Europe dates suddenly showing up on my list?
Sorry, guys.
Super Mario Maker is the next Wii U title to look forward to in early September.
Nothing this week otherwise.
On the PlayStation Vita.
You know the Vita's kicking in Japan.
Yet again, another week where everything's on the Vita.
Ayakashi Gohan Omori.
Himawari, Pebble in the Sky.
One Piece, Pirate Warriors 3.
Rere Falaise Red of Another.
And Raine des Fleurs in limited edition and limited edition DX packs.
All coming out this week on the Vita.
Lastly, looking at that other handheld, the 3DS.
Oh, this is kind of a big deal.
Dragon Quest VIII gets a Japanese release on the 3DS this week.
Aren't they also getting a Famicom faceplate?
For the new 3DS?
The new 3DS.
There is like a red 3DS coming out.
Oh, the Game & Watch faceplate.
Maybe.
I'm not seeing it on my list here.
It may have already come out.
It may have then.
I remember hearing about it, which I'd be like, I want one.
But, Famicom Remix is also out on 3DS this week in Japan.
That would obviously be like Nintendo NES Remix over here.
So that's kind of neat.
That's nice.
Cool.
I wonder if it'll have the extra sound channel like the Famicom actually has.
Ugh.
You know, there was something that we picked up a while back.
It was the power base converter with the FM sound chip playability in it.
And, I mean, it was really cool playing R-Type and whatnot on it.
But I would like, it would just be some, you know, a cool thing if there was like a cheap re-release of like a disc system add-on or something.
Yeah.
You know, I would love to go back and play like Zelda with a different sound set.
Or, Castlevania 3 was one that actually, not only did it have a different sound set, but it had different character animations for some of the other characters.
And it's kind of a little bit harder too.
Didn't they censor a lot of that too, those Castlevania games?
There were some, actually quite a bit of censorship in the Castlevania series.
But like, my favorite thing about the, actually no, I don't think it was a disc one.
I think it was that it was on the cartridge, but the cartridge had the extra animations.
Like Grant could throw his swords, not his swords, but his daggers and whatnot.
She could use them as a projectile player.
Didn't mean to get on that note, but it also though had different sound processor, different, I think it had, now my brain is failing me, but it did have a different sound set.
No, you're right. That extra channel was used to enhance the music.
That was it.
Anyhow, let's move on. You got Europe released.
All of three things. On the 25th of August we have Frozen Freefall Snowball Fight on Xbone.
On the 28th we have Doubles Third for Wii U and Until Dawn for PS4.
Alright. Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Alan.
Hello.
You got a story about a game you play a lot.
I do. So back in February, I believe, Square Enix announced that Final Fantasy XIV, which got a revamp after its horrific original launch in 2010, had 4 million active accounts.
Well, now this week they have announced that Final Fantasy XIV, which just had its first expansion, Heavensward, come out two months ago.
Yeah.
They're now at 5 million active accounts.
What that means is that 5 million people worldwide, this does not include free trials, 5 million licenses have been purchased and entered into their account to give them full access to the game plus the free 30 days that you get as a part of buying the game.
So they've sold 5 million copies of the game but those people may or may not be still playing.
Exactly.
World of Warcraft, which I know announced they're really trying to sweep the Warlords of Draenor cycle.
I'm not sweeping under the rug but they've already announced their new expansion and they didn't even wait for Blizzcon to do it.
Even though allegedly their subscriber base has been free falling, their last announcement was 5.6 million active subscribers.
Which I take it to mean people who are beyond their first 30 days, people who have been rebuilt at least once, and people whose accounts have been active.
Which of course is a huge number and when will you fave for all the crap that people talk about World of Warcraft, it's still the juggernaut.
It's far more much more money to have 5.6 million recurring subscribers.
But it's just proof that I think that a lot of people said WoW was the last MMO that could sustain a subscription based format.
And in 2010 or 2013 when Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn relaunched, people were like there's no reason to pay $14.99 a month for a game when you could play three free to play MMOs back to back and give money to none of them.
Or just pick the one that you're really into to occasionally give $10 a month to and play the other two on your board.
There's no way that it's just not possible in the industry and I guess Square's kind of proven them wrong.
There was a time when people would say there is no MMO that can compete against World of Warcraft. There isn't a single one.
And not that, again, it's little apples to oranges. I don't always like the Final Fantasy XIV to WoW comparisons because they're two different games.
They're two completely different games, they just happen to be in the same genre.
And also every big blue chip license like the Bioware's, the Old Republic MMO, Elder Scrolls had a lot of momentum in the first six months.
And they've not necessarily gone free to play, but they had a big hump and then a big drop down.
XIV is still growing. It's the first MMO that people would say, oh it's going to be the WoW killer, which whatever, no it's not.
It's the first one that survived its year and not fallen off a cliff. I think that's safe to say.
Because if you think of all the other big titles, like, what are the two that came out? The one that still was really into?
Was it Wildstar? Elder Scrolls Online.
And then there was another one that I'm blanking on. It came out around the same time as Guild Wars 2.
Everyone was like, oh, hype, hype, hype. And it might have sold great the first couple months, but it always has that drop off and then always that announcement, we're going free to play.
And I think XIV is the first MMO to really, it's kept its inertia.
This might also be the game's Japanese roots or something. I'm talking like business stereotypes. You get the Japanese business stereotype is often very stubborn. We've said that about Nintendo a lot.
Final Fantasy XI, you still have to pay to play that. How long is that game?
And they're officially ending that.
Hell no. They're ending it on PlayStation and 360.
But as far as coming out with new content?
Yeah, done. But they're still going to charge for it.
But then they're going to shift it to mobile. I don't know what the hell is going to happen with that.
So anyway, I've said this once on the show before. I'm going to say it again.
I think gaming history will be very kind to Naoki Yoshida for what he's accomplished with Final Fantasy XIV.
He took the worst MMO of all time and made it one of the very best.
Basically, he loves MMOs and he's played a lot, including World of Warcraft. So he's a huge fan of the genre.
He's not a suit that barely knows what he's talking about. So his heart is in XIV so much.
I think the only bummer about it is that I honestly truly believe the renaissance of Final Fantasy XIV in 2.0 and everybody being really into it.
I don't want to say saved Square Enix, but it's put their company on a different trajectory.
The only downside is that they're going to pull him and some of his team to work on something else that is another big thing for Square.
That's the only thing that I worry about.
Yeah, well between XIV and Record Keeper and their mobile games, the ones that are actually good, are making disgusting amounts of money.
Obviously we can see how they're spending money in XIV because they have a good content patch come out every three months.
They have tons of content and they technically don't have to do that. They can follow the WoW model and be like, new patch in nine months, bye!
Well, but to be fair, and I sound like I'm up XIV's ass, which I guess in some ways I'm a little bit of a fanboy, but I will say this.
I am a little burned out right now. Heavensward, brilliant expansion, phenomenal story, worthy of the Final Fantasy name.
Best campaign story probably since X.
Oh my god, I would say since VI, but people will argue with me there and that's fine.
But I will say, now that I'm kind of all done with it and I'm in the endgame, I'm in the lull.
I'm a little bit, okay, I log on, I grind my tomes, I'm a little bit over it right now.
That's why I've been kind of, I need to finish Diablo III.
3.31 is on the horizon for next month, I think.
Oh, did they say as soon as next month? I know 3.07 is like this week.
I'm glad I've taken it so slow, even though it was due to a lot of personal crap that I took a big part of my break with everything going on.
But I'm kind of glad that I took it as slow as I did.
Oh yeah, and there's a lot of people for various different reasons in your boat too.
It means I'm going to have content out the ass for a long time.
And I'm really enjoying how much that I've just been able to sit back and do story stuff.
I actually, I'm even enjoying doing some of the different battles too, like I just did Moogle Mog.
Oh, I love that file.
It was kind of a pain in the butt when I died right at the end, but it was still hilarious because of Disco Moogles.
But like, I'm ready to do the Ultima fight now and all the, I think the big thing is that there is something for fans of the older series in the past, as well as the newer ones.
And that's giving it a bit more longevity apart from just the revamped play.
Right.
So anyway, that's my 12 cents.
Alright, well moving along here, since we are running, we're almost to two hours in this segment.
But when you have, this always happens when we have an amazing interview on the show, is that we just run long. That's alright.
Let's talk about Konami again. Oh boy, what did they do this time?
Well actually, some people are looking a little more favorably on that.
Konami apparently released a heritage game survey.
They're asking players about some of the IPs and how you feel about them.
It's also asking, what do you want to see brought back?
I'll tell you what's on the list here in a minute.
There's well known and obscure on here, but not on the list.
Silent Hill and Metal Gear.
Does this mean that they're already, I mean, obviously we have a new Metal Gear game coming out in a week.
You know, is Silent Hill still continuing?
Survey be damned, who knows?
Or could this just be the Konami's trying to get in people's good favor again?
By throwing out these names of reminding us why we love them.
And teasing us, giving us just a taste that we could be seeing it again in the future.
Here's a list, here's what they put out.
Jamie, you're going to be surprised at some of the things on this list.
Rocket Knight. What?
Bishi Bashi. Ooh, Bishi Bashi.
Parodius. What?
Sunset Riders. Parodius.
Contra. Parodius.
Suikoden. Parodius.
Gradius. Parodius.
Okay, but can we talk about Gradius? Sure.
Track and Field.
Bomberman, because remember they have Hudson now.
Castlevania.
Mystical Ninja, or Goemon.
Zone of the Enders.
Vandal Hearts.
Yu-Gi-Oh.
And I love that there's an option, none of these.
Parodius.
Yeah.
Parodius.
Well, you know.
I do know. And I think a lot of the listeners by this point know.
But just in case we have new listeners, Dark Soccer.
Sunset Riders is a freaking good game, by the way.
But Parodius. These are all good games.
Oh my god. I could totally,
totally stand to have
a
a
Parodius.
Dark to see you.
I just lost my brain. Dark to see you in chat says
I did vote for a new Sunset Riders.
Fifth Dream says Zone of the Enders.
Act F. Zone of the Enders. Bonds. 006.
Zone of the Enders. Hmm.
We got a lot of Zoe fans in our chat there tonight.
Anyway. We'll see. I don't know.
It's a poll. It's a survey.
I'm kind of looking at it going
whatever until I see some evidence
that it's actually going to happen. We'll see.
Anyhow. Let's
Actually, I would like to say
if they did anything in the Castlevania series
as much as I like the new
series. You know, the ones that have been on the handhelds
in the last few days. I would
daze my butt. I would
like to have a continuation
of the Dracula X storyline.
You know, we had Dracula X.
We had Rondo
of Blood. We had Symphony of the Night or
Nocturne in the Moonlight
as it was in Japan. I would love
to have a direct
trilogy. You know.
That would be pretty rad.
Alright. Well, let's go back to a
classic time. Let's go back to a time when Konami
was actually making all these series.
Even when Konami
was making games people liked.
I get it. To be fair,
I'll give her a solid five. I'm sure tons of people are going to like.
But anyway, it's just one game.
Dark Soccer is going to step into
the vault. Newly refurbished and remodeled
vault. And find a game, which actually
tonight isn't Konami. It isn't exactly
remodeled as much as shits everywhere.
She's going to go into the archive
and find a game that she thinks, hey, brats
check out this game. This is a classic.
Or, I think,
and she sometimes does this, because a game
to qualify as a classic game of the week has to be at least
ten years old. So sometimes Dark Soccer
comes in here and goes, ha ha
remember this game? It's because you're old.
And I think that's what she's
I think that's what she's doing to us tonight.
This is called
Watch Out My Foot's
Heading Toward Your Age Balls.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic
game of the week tonight?
Zuma. Yes.
Zuma is over ten years old.
How does it make
you feel? You are a rude
rude individual.
Oh yeah.
Zuma, like when old people go to the
YMCA and do calisthenics? No.
No, that's
Zumba. That's Zumba.
And it's not Zima, which is
And it's not what cleans your house. That's a Roomba.
See, here I was going for
even more old and going for the Zimas
which was what the
drink of
of the preppy frat plays
everywhere.
Anyway,
Zuma is a tile
matching puzzle game. It was put up by
PopCap and
you can still play it for free a bunch of places
because no one
cares about putting any more money into it
because Zuma's revenge is out.
And that will make you feel
old because that will be a ten year game in 2019.
That came out in 2009.
Good lord, people. Stop
blowing up my chat here.
For those of you that know Extover from
Horde House,
this is like, I have
my god, he played so much Zuma, you guys.
This is probably like his classic game of all time.
He played a lot of this game.
Until he discovered Devil's Crush.
Yes.
On the Wii U
or the Wii release.
Anyway,
it received
the 2004 Game of the
Year award from Real Arcade.
So,
anyway,
with this particular game, I always called
it kind of like, bust a move
on a track.
I can see that. Yeah, because, I mean, you basically
have the different multicolored balls
and you move a little thing around in a
He said balls.
I didn't say deez nuts.
Deez nuts for president.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Ah, don't get me started.
So,
as I was saying, before Rob
rudely interrupted me. I'm just waiting for you to
actually pick the game, Balls,
as the classic game of the week.
Just for, I think I've done, um
Balls has a better chance than Halo, you guys.
Oh, I should do
Balls. I did, um, Vector
Man before and he's made of balls.
Wait for election day. You can do Balls.
In honor of deez nuts.
Anyway, go ahead, I'm sorry to keep interrupting.
I'm sorry to keep interrupting. Go ahead. No, I'll probably
because when
Bernie wins, I have to do something relatively
Jewish. Back to the
game.
So, anyway, um,
the balls are gonna go, are on like
a track and you have a little
360 degree
ball shooter thing
that looks like a big Aztec
monument head face thing.
So, um, basically
the balls, you have to stop the balls before
they reach, um, a skull or
else, you know, game over.
So, um, you eliminate
the balls by shooting a colored
ball of the similar color
until you, um,
uh, match up a particular
color. So when you have three or more of the same color
in contact, they'll explode
and they can even trigger
explosions and chain reactions. And the
level's completed when you fill up
your bar for as many of them
as you do. You get bonuses
for collecting coins that show through the
different gaps and making
things explode.
And then you have, um,
different power ups you can get. There's the
backward ball that pushes
the furthest out chain
backwards for a little bit.
And there's a slow down, uh, ball that
slows down time. Or,
you also get, um,
an accuracy ball that
lines up your shots.
Um, and then you have
an explosion ball that just makes
things go boom. I like that.
Um, you've got
adventure mode, you've got gauntlet mode,
um, you've got
all kinds of different stuff in it.
But there was a controversy about this.
There was, um, a
Japanese developer called, uh, the Mitchell
Corporation that said Zuma infringed
on a 1998
game called Puzloop that
was released as ballistic outside
of Japan.
The game was, uh,
uh, re-released, um, for
the Nintendo DS.
Um, well, I'll
backtrack on that one. They re-released
the design as a game called Magnetica.
And PopCap,
um, basically went
back and forth and saying that it wasn't an exact
clone. And
that they were actually
happy that the games were getting copied.
It was a whole bunch of odd stuff.
So, but anyway, yeah,
um, congratulations. Everyone feels
old now because Zuma is
officially a classic.
Not a real
classic, but it's old enough to be
considered classic.
Classic enough.
I suppose.
And this is just really one of my
little spiteful ones. Like, hey, guess what?
Heh heh.
Alright. There it is.
This person's not playing very well.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Zuma!
Not to be confused with Zumba, or Zima.
To
register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Lounge Radio at
vognetwork.com, use the passphrase
Rake. As pointed
out in our chat room,
Bobby Blackwolf says Zuma is backwards
compatible on the Xbox One right now.
So it's a classic that's playable on a very modern console.
That's a very good point. You can check that out.
That's gonna do it for this
first half of our show, but we've got plenty
more. It's more like first two thirds.
But we still have more show to come
when we come back. We're gonna get into rapid fire news.
The fugal question of the week
about voice acting tonight, in honor of the
guests we had on earlier. And we're gonna get to our
mailbag, the FUs of the week, and your
calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or on Skype, at Orange
Lounge Radio, all one word. We're gonna get to
all that when we come back after this
with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange
Lounge Radio. Live tonight
August the 23rd of
2015 with the 611th
episode of our show
already in progress. And
yeah, we've had a great
interview with a trio of very
talented voice actors there
at the top of the show. So if you're just joining us
live, again, you need to go check out the podcast feed once
it's posted. Available on iTunes
or Stitcher Radio or pretty much
vognetwork.com. If you wanna have it over there, you can always listen
on demand there. Show is always posted
about an hour after we wrap up live.
Anyhow, we're
gonna get right back into it. We're running a little long tonight
so we're gonna get right back into the gaming news
and remember if you want to participate along
with our show, we like to read comments and things like that
live.vognetwork.com
Alan's joining us tonight in place of Loki.
Hello. Hi.
What do you got for us for rapid fire news tonight?
I'm gonna actually
make these very quickly, quick
because I don't have much personal
commentary to make about any of them.
So people are all a
flutter about a job posting
that Bungie put on their website
specifically asking for a
PC compatibility tester.
This is exciting because
I don't believe Bungie has put a game out
on the PC platform since Halo
or Halo 2 and those were, I think,
probably just ports. They weren't developed
natively for the PC.
So the scuttlebutt
or the popular opinion
is that they're
thinking about bringing
Destiny to PC
though Bungie has not
announced anything
like that. But the
job description says
evaluate PC hardware specific features
and ensure various systems work together
across multiple PC configurations
to provide a great experience.
So basically it's a
quality assurance
beta tester for PC.
So people think that that is
interesting to note.
There
was a lawsuit between
3D Realms, Gearbox Software, and I believe
another software company called
Interceptor about a spinoff Duke Nukem
game that 3D Realms
licensed to Interceptor.
Except Gearbox is like, no, we
own that intellectual property now.
It was a part of us doing Duke Nukem forever.
That case
has finally
I don't think
Yeah, they all
voluntarily ended their litigation
so I believe it was settled out of court.
Gearbox is now the sole
owner of the Duke Nukem license
and Interceptor and 3D Realms is
working on their own new game.
So hooray
Gearbox, even though
that wasn't really their fault but Duke Nukem forever
wasn't the best and I don't really know if there's
even any hype for that franchise to live on.
Yeah, it's kind of, hooray, it's
been settled, a franchise that I think
most people are done with.
I don't know, I think
Duke Nukem could be reinvented still.
He's a classic character.
The statements from 3D Realms and
Interceptor were very gracious in
saying, you know, we did this on Good Faith
didn't know there was a legal
issue, congrats to Gearbox, we look
forward to future blah blah blah.
If Sonic can survive Sonic
2006, then
If Britney Spears can survive 2007
then you can make it through this day.
I say
that to myself every morning.
Finally, there's a game
on Steam which I believe is on HellasHale
this weekend called Zombie Army Trilogy.
Valve and Steam
put out this weekend a
free update that puts all
six, or sorry
six or eight, all eight, excuse me
Left 4 Dead protagonists in
Zombie Army Trilogy so you
can play as the cute redneck
or the sleazy
guy in the white blazer
or the biker dude that kind of looks
like the guy from Grand Theft Auto 4.
They are playable characters now in
Zombie Army Trilogy for you
Left 4 Dead fanatics out there and that's all I have
done.
because that's
what you learn when you do something like that
is you get off the internet.
S2100Matt says about the Duke Nukem
What I'm hoping for with this is that Duke Nukem could make a guest
appearance in Borderlands.
Imagine him as the villain in the next Borderlands game
as a rival Vault Hunter.
Just saying, that would be epic.
That would be pretty rad.
S2100Matt, you need to write a letter.
Or something.
Let's go and talk about
Pokken Tournament.
It's going to be happening on the Wii U.
It's coming next spring.
They announced the release of
Pokken Tournament for the Nintendo Wii U.
It's an arcade game in Japan
but it will be released worldwide
in Spring 2016.
Being developed in collaboration with Bandai Namco
who of course made Tekken
so they know a thing or two about fighting games.
Will you play Tekken with Pokemon
Dark Saga?
No. I'll play Tekken with Gon.
I will. I will.
Look, if Tekken can have a panda bear
and whatever
that tree thing was
the wooden- Mokujin.
Mokujin, that's it. By the way, to go back to
the last segment, I just told
Konami that Silent Hill, all of Silent Hill
is Silent Hill ever forever.
Did you actually fill out that interview?
Yes I did. And I put Silent Hill.
Sorry, did I say interview? I meant survey.
Survey, yes.
My wires are crossing tonight. I'm in a short circuit here any moment.
Alright, well Dark Sakura
pay attention because I know you want to know about this
because it has to do with Gunstar Heroes.
No, I'm not announcing a new Gunstar Heroes
game, I apologize. But
a remake, sort of,
of the Gunstar Heroes
game is available on the 3DS
eShop as of August 20th.
This is,
I don't know if this is a
oh yeah, it is a 3D version of Gunstar Heroes.
It's the Gunstar 3D Heroes
for the Sega Ages thing
that already came out.
But this has already been
a thing. On the 20th.
Right? Yeah, I think actually I
have this, I think.
I don't know, I've got so many copies of
Gunstar Heroes that it's ridiculous.
I'll ask Dan, he knows. Well it's Gunstar.
I don't know, I'm reading here, it just came out this week.
Maybe it was in a collection, now it's not.
So, whatever, it's Gunstar Heroes.
I want to say it was one of the Sega Ages things.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Also, you know, last week on the show
we talked about how Resident Evil 2 is being
remade. Well,
there was a fan project, if you didn't know,
that was already in the works, Resident Evil 2
Reborn. And it was going to be made
in Unreal 4. So what happened this week?
It got shut down
is what tends to happen with these fan
projects all the time. But,
good guy Capcom,
doing this the right way, because usually like
if Square Enix or Nintendo does this to you,
like when Nintendo pulled that Mario 64
thing, you disappear.
But, in a good
guy Capcom, which I don't use that phrase
very often anymore on this program,
but Capcom actually reached out to
the Reborn team and has invited
them to share their ideas
for it. So,
Capcom saying, hey look, legal
reasons, got to shut you down,
but you know what, let's talk,
let's have a meeting. So, that's
a reasonable end
to this situation.
Alan? I was going to say,
the fact that they would give them
the time of day and be like, okay
we'll see what
ideas you had. Because, I mean,
this type of thing happens
all the time where, you know,
with the Streets of Rage
compilation, Sega see indeed that,
it happened so often that they could have
just, okay, seasoned assisted because
intellectual property rights, blah, blah, blah,
and then been done with it and I don't think anyone
would have faulted Capcom
worse than they fault anyone else when this happens.
So the fact that they're meeting with them is
pretty cool. Exactly.
Alright, let's move on, Dark Sakura. Stuff.
Um,
there is a big reason why
Dan and I have been on our Chrono Trigger
kick lately.
And the big reason for the
Chrono Trigger kick is because Chrono Trigger
has had its 20th birthday.
My tummy hurts, I don't feel good.
I know, right?
God, you thought the Zuma thing made you feel old.
That would make you feel.
We were in high school. Next year
is our 20 year high school
reunion. Fuck off. Mine already passed.
Anyhow,
sorry Dark Sakura.
We had to whine.
Get off our lawn.
So, and I mean,
this was, it just had such a great
creative team. It had
Sakaguchi, who's the guy who created
Final Fantasy. It had
Hori, who was
the creative
Dragon Quest. And of course,
one of everyone's favorite
mangaka, Akira
Toriyama
was in it.
I
did the right away
ending just so I could see
his little sprite in the game.
So, it was
such a good game. Such a good game.
In fact, Dan and I were actually just
whenever character music would play, we'd just like
stop the dialogue and do the Robo
dance. The Robo's theme
is incredible to this day. Yeah.
Actually, I'm going to be ring toning
that before too long
because it's so great.
But yeah,
you actually,
I mean,
the battle system in it was
I'd say fairly
revolutionary too. I mean, you had
your different techniques and the combination
techniques and
the fact you could actually
bypass certain fights.
It was a little unheard of.
It wasn't just the woosh woosh
random encounter. Oh my god.
But you could get away with some.
In fact, Dan today, he
runs right through the middle of the enemies, leaves
the room and is like, hey, weren't enemies supposed
to spawn here? Went back and they spawned.
Because he went back to check.
Good job.
The humor and everything was great.
Okay, so I would
add enough gushing on that one for me.
Super Mario Maker.
Some news about that.
It's going to have different skin tones
and fur
colors.
So basically,
it's supposed to be
a dog's paw.
Why are they focusing on the dogs?
Where's the cat love?
But you're going to have different
skin tones that will go with what you
associate with if you want to.
Oh, I remember. Or you have the gloved hand
like Mario. There was a controversy
on this a while ago when people were like
why is the hand only this
one white hand that you can play in the game?
And so they
said they would have more.
So it sounds like now they've shown like, oh, you can be
a dog's hand if you want. Or you can be a
cat paw. A Mario hand. Why all the cat hate
Nintendo? I know. Took them forever
to add Nintendo cats. Maybe that's in there too.
Super Mario Cats is already a game.
It's called Super Mario 3D World.
Fair
enough. Fair enough. And
then this
I laughed so hard when
I read this. And I even
like how you put it in the show Roll Rob.
PS4 in my
pants.
A shoplifter
tried to fit a PS4
in his pants.
On top of that is Florida Man.
You know Florida Man
is my favorite criminal.
Florida Man, Florida Man. You know about the
Florida Man theme.
You say Florida Man.
Florida Man has a sexual relationship
with all of their relatives.
And they smoke tons of crack and bath salts in there
in every story ever. Wasn't Jack Voldemore
a lawyer in Florida? Yes.
But no, Florida Man has kind of
made a bit of a meme.
Where, you know, they'll say like on Twitter
Florida Man accused of this.
And then just over and over. So Florida
Man has become this
like super villain. And so
now Florida Man tries to stuff
a PS4 in his pants. Sorry.
You just say Florida Man, I think of Jack Voldemore.
And it's funnier.
I'm done. I quit.
How did they find the PS4
in his pants?
Let's see.
He managed to stuff the PS4
and the accessories in his pants
while going to a Walmart.
Only at Walmart.
And he walked out of the store
without paying and was stopped and
arrested on a felony
grand theft charge. Oh, I get it.
I feel so uncool. He was already on probation.
I feel so uncool for not having
heard of this before. Tigerclaw linked me to a Wikipedia
article, which by the way, I'm surprised this is on
Wikipedia and not like Encyclopedia Dramatica
or one of those other websites.
What's the meme? Urban Dictionary.
So anyway, link me to Wikipedia
and it actually says the reason why it's
Florida Man is because that's the way all the headlines
always read. Florida Man steals PlayStation
4 in his pants. Florida Man got it.
I get it. Now it's funny.
And I don't want to mention Florida Man's
actual name here. But Florida Woman's
just as crazy. But he's 36 years old.
Which makes me think that he still
had a pair of jinkos in his closet.
From like 1994.
It's either sweatpants, a big old pair
of sweatpants, or he's still got the jinko, the raver jeans.
I'm going to vote for the jinkos.
Because if you like
cinch off the ends of them, you could probably fit
like a small family in those things.
Alright, well
let's see.
I think it's time
for us to get into the foogle question
of the week.
Every week we ask you guys a question on our
Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You put Facebook and Google together,
you get foogle!
Tonight,
I thought we would ask about
voice acting. Because you know,
we had some voice actors on our show tonight
so why not?
I mentioned that we were going to have our interview tonight and said
what or who is your
favorite voice acting performance
in a video game and why did you pick that
performance? So
what was a voice acting performance
that really resonated with you?
Redertainment answered over on Google Plus and said
due to the fact that we don't regularly see
actor in roles in video games
like how we see the actors in movies, TV
shows and plays and so forth.
Individual actors don't stand out to me as much as the
characters do. Unless the actor has
a really distinctive voice that I know from
some other platforms, I don't remember
what actor plays what roles. So that's
why my answer is Stephen Merchant from Portal 2.
You know,
if a voice actor is doing an amazing
job though, that would mean that you
shouldn't necessarily be able to tell. I mean
sometimes you do, it just depends on the type of character
but I think when you look at
especially the resumes of some of the gentlemen that were on the show tonight
say whoa, that was the same person?
That's cool. You know and I think a lot
of you guys probably have done that when you go to
one of those websites that list everything that the
voice actors do that I know
Marissa linked one of those sites earlier in our chat room.
I had no idea that Jennifer Hale was
as prolific as she was. Yes.
Like I knew obviously that she was a big
name but it's like no, she was
voicing stuff. She's in Baldur's Gate
and all this stuff from way back
when. I also love
Marc Meer not because
he was Commander Shepard because a lot of
people, not maybe the best
acting in some of the lines he delivered
but as a personality if you see
his YouTube videos and his cosplay he's
really funny. Well
do you guys remember Hitoshi
Doi? He had the
Seiyu database. Yes.
Which was basically
a visual novel,
video game, anime
and drama.
Drama programs.
Yeah. For Japan.
And then I think there was supposed to be a
branch out of it
when anime started getting bigger in the
US. And I don't know what
happened to that. I don't even know if his Seiyu
database is still around.
Alright.
Well let me move on here
with some of the answers on Facebook.
Chad B says
Gideon Emery is Balthier
Without a doubt Balthier and Fran
made Final Fantasy XII for me and
it was quite a nice surprise to hear Emery pop up
through the Dragon Age franchise as well.
And I just found out he played one of the Russian brothers
in the Daredevil Netflix series which makes it that much
better. That's one of my all time favorites too.
Like that's an amazing
performance. Balthier and Fran for that matter.
Both are fantastic in that game.
Elliot B says
I'll get the obvious out of the way. Portal would not be
Portal without Ella McClain as GLaDOS.
And Stephen Merchant was great in Portal too
especially in comparison to other voice over work by
big name actors.
DeGenere Johnny says
Sarah Kestelman's performance as
Kreia in Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2
The Sith Lords. Her portrayal matched
every aspect of the character and how she was written
which was the highest quality I've ever
seen in a game. It takes a great deal of
talent to sell a villain that the player will sympathize
with and she nailed it perfectly.
To this day I still get teary eyed when
remembering her performance.
Dark Tetsuya says
David Hayter as the original Solid Snake.
The Phantom Pain just won't sound the same
with Keith or Sutherland taking over.
Honorable mention for Cameron Clark as
Liquid or Master Miller.
I do have to insert there.
Playing the Dragon Age Inquisition DLC
because he voiced Ren.
And I was just having
major Metal Gear flashbacks
the whole time.
Let's see. Moving on to
SSJ100Matt says
He also has a long resume working on many games.
Wing Commander, Darksiders, Kingdom Hearts
and of course Batman Arkham games.
His Joker role is iconic and
certainly can have the case made of
being the definitive Joker even
amongst the movie Jokers.
And I don't think there's really a lot of
people that would argue with you on that to be honest.
So, let's see.
Asking around in the room here.
Dark Sakura, what is your favorite
voice actor or actress performance in a game
and why is it Jennifer Hale?
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Am I right or am I right?
I love Jennifer Hale so much.
Well, I mean it's not just the whole
You're gonna cry at GamerX3
I just know it.
It's not the whole fem-shep thing.
She plays so many
good, strong female characters
that I can't help but go
doki-doki in my heart.
But
I'm actually gonna go
This is
his favorite voice actor
in games in general.
Or his particular performance.
Like Balthier for me
would have probably been my answer too.
I've got voices that I can
pick out anywhere.
I can pick her out.
Everyone who has
ears can pick out Gideon Emery in anything
he ever does because
that gravel. Oh god.
Shivers, shivers, shivers.
You alright? You need a moment?
Laughter
But the hard thing for me is that
I can't, once I recognize
a name with a voice
I can't unrecognize it.
Do you know what I mean?
So I keep, there's characters
who I would probably think were kinda crap characters
but I love them for the voice actor.
I mean
there's voice actors that I
would love to hear in
modern games. I mean
God, my youth.
Oh, is that it?
No, I just actually had
a moment of nostalgia because
Chris Latta
I would have loved if
he was still around.
Alan
you pretty much already said yours
any other shout outs you want to give there?
Shout out to the voice actor
for Hoagie in Day of the Tentacle
he was the big kind of chunky
rock and roll dude with Bernard
and the way that
that voice was delivered was very
I guess against type where he sounded
sort of like the rich snotty
dude on Gilligan's Island. That's in the early
days of voice acting too because voice
acting showed up on computers way before
there was the CD talky version that was
ten dollars more when these people just got it on
three and a half diskette.
So that, the way that character was done
I really like. And then
for his weird, bullshitty
sort of fairy tale Xanadu
the green ending in
Mass Effect 3 is with the whole Shangri-La
and everyone. Oh my God.
The monologue that Edie gives
is incredible. Oh my God.
Trisha Helfer
Six from Battlestar Galactica
Yes.
Like, you will be moved
to tears. Like, it's so good. She's so
good. Oh my God.
And I was going to say, Balthier
probably would have been mine, but for newer
performances go, like, you know, again
here I go, fanboy, but seriously
one of my favorite performances
Sivan Hewlett, who does
Yasael in Final Fantasy 14
He was going to say Yasael in Heaven's
World is great. Oh my God. She is
so good. And some of the
scenes in Heaven's World with her
wow. That's all I'm
going to say. I don't want to spoil, but wow.
I am going to, though, bring up
actually a pair of performances because they're in
the same game.
OK. I had really high
standards for the Berserk games
as in Berserk as in
from the manga and anime
you know, with Gatsu and everything
because one of my favorite Japanese voice
actors was Gatsu
Great. Now I can't
say his name, but he was also
Toski in Fushigi Yugi
and who else did
Basara in
Macross 7 and
why can't
Nobutoshi
first name. Anyway, so
I was like, OK, I'm not going to like the
US version of Berserk. I'm not going to like it. I'm not going to like
I'm not going to like it. And then I heard Michael
Bell. I was like
and then I heard BJ Ward and I'm like
I was like
it's like Voltron in a
different universe. My brains, I can't shut
them off. So, yeah.
And I actually have to think
S.J. 100 Matt for bringing up Tim Curry
doing voice actors. Yeah, I was just going to say
S.J. 100 Matt, let's not forget the various
roles Tim Curry did. Honestly,
you just won right there. And Nolan
North. That's it. Nolan North. There's nothing
else to say after Tim Curry. Our Deadpool.
Nothing else to say. Tim Curry
the end. Rob.
What?
Ah, Tim Curry.
Alright, let's get back into some more. He was the first
man that ever scared me in a movie.
Oh, what? As Darkness or It?
Legend. It was all legend.
Or Rooster in Annie.
No, it was
Legend.
Alright. We're going to get back
to some gaming news and then of course your phone calls
coming up in a little while. 1877 Game OLR
username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio
all one word. But some more gaming news
to get out there. Alan. As we like to say
on OLR, hackers going to hack.
Not necessarily
the standard usage for that phrase
with this story. But a third party
has come out with
a little device which I imagine
is going to be sued
into the atmosphere and stripped off
the face of the earth. They have a little
neat device called the Amico.
Or Ami-quo. It's A-M-I-I-Q-O.
The price
given is
49.75 pounds. So I
believe it is a European creation.
I think that's what? 60 or 70 bucks
American. What this thing
does, and why it's going
to be probably blasted off the face of the earth
is a lot of people
when the Ami-Bos, the little Wii U
figures were announced, a lot of people were upset
that they can only store data for one game at a time.
So if you have your Princess Peach
Amiibo, you can have your Smash
your custom Peach Smash character on
the figure. Or
you can have your custom Peach Mario Kart
on the figure. What this thing does
is it lets you, you also have to
have an NFC compatible
Android device
like any Samsung phone from the past three years
to interact with this
thing. What it does is it lets you
back up those
NFC
or ARFID, whatever, the
little data that is on the
Amiibo. You can back it up so you can
not have to buy the Fireball Mario
versus the regular doing the
Mario pose Amiibo because they have three different
Mario ones now. You can
just swap out the data using this device
and not
have to go completely bankrupt on Amiibos.
Also, and this is the
big, the real big one,
it lets you download
Amiibo
character profiles like the
unique identifier for NES, the unique identifier
for Pac-Man. And it lets
you emulate that so
that when you put it on the Wii U
pad, it'll think that you have
whatever character that is and it'll unlock
whatever goodies.
It honestly doesn't surprise me
that
something like this happened.
I'm surprised it took
this long, honestly. I'm surprised
it's not on the phone because of all the near-field
stuff on the phone.
So this is just
an interesting thing.
Yeah.
So each
Amiibo device comes preloaded with
data for 10 figurines
and 200 figurines can be stored
in it in total.
The downside, of course, is you don't get the figurines
themselves, but
I would think that if you sought out this device
and purchased one, you knew exactly what you were
doing and what you were going to use it for.
That means your figurines can stay
on your shelf and look pretty forever.
When was the last time there was a sort of
bootleg device like this?
What if we needed
one like that? Because
usually peripherals, they don't
really need to be... I keep thinking back
to the Ninja Pass and the
loaders.
3DS loaders, yeah.
3DS loader, exactly.
Alright. Well, moving
on to a story. I just have to bring this up in chat
because this is so hilarious what's happening right now.
Oh, act deaf.
SS2-100 Matt, because we brought up
Tim Curry a minute ago, right? And what a
legend he is just in everything
but that he also did voice acting against.
Oh, come on. I can watch the worst witch on repeat
because of him. SS2-100 Matt brought up in chat.
Oh, my God. I just realized Greg Berger
worked with Tim Curry on
Real Monsters. We had someone on the show
who worked with Tim Curry and that just made me
realize I has failed you as an interviewer
in every possible way. You didn't fail.
No, I completely failed. But here
it is. Gray Knight
potentially saving the day in our
chat room over hearing all this saying, did you want me to
ask Greg another question for you?
And I was like,
yes.
Yes, please.
I just need to find the old
Rocky pictures of you in the corset.
Or not. Maybe
some things our listeners don't need to see.
It's a radio show. Let's leave
it that way.
Why did you say that
on air? I hate you.
People don't know that you've been Frank
before, Rob.
Gray Knight says,
what do you want me to ask him?
Okay, because we just know
that we had a connection with someone on the show
who worked with Tim Curry.
I think the question would be what?
Did you get to meet
him?
How was
working with Tim Curry, I guess.
But then I worry that it was the whole thing where they were
isolated in the booths and he's going to come back and say
I never got to meet the guy because we all did
our stuff at the same time.
That's not a game.
It doesn't matter. Oh yes, right.
Cartoons are sometimes a group reading.
We're going to gamble. Did you get to meet him?
And if so, just
literally tell us anything about Tim Curry because we all
worship him here at OLR.
And in life.
Is there anybody out there who doesn't worship
Tim Curry? If so, I need you to
stop listening.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Just to comment on what Dungeon Buster said about
Tim Curry as Gabriel Knight in the
Sierra Adventure Game Classic.
Which wasn't Roberta Williams.
It was another woman
who wrote that.
I've played that game.
Tim Curry is incredible as Gabriel Knight.
However, the fact that
Gabriel Knight is supposed to be
a creole womanizing
20-something with a thick New Orleans accent.
Tim Curry was a very
strange choice
because his attempt at a New Orleans accent
isn't the best.
He's still great as Gabriel Knight, but that was just weird
casting.
Alright.
Let's move on to talking about this story here.
About Windows 10.
You know, a lot of you guys have been upgrading your
devices to Windows 10.
You know, because they're giving it away now
that they are competing with Apple on that front
who also gives them away.
Windows 10, apparently
not playing nice with
some DRM. The infamous
Secure ROM having issues
in Windows 10, as is SafeDisk.
Now, Microsoft
is saying everything that ran in Windows 7
I'm sorry, this isn't the company,
but Microsoft's Boris Schneider
John, who is
being interviewed at Gamescom,
saying, everything that
ran in Windows 7 should also run in
Windows 10. There are just two silly exceptions.
Antivirus software and stuff that's
deeply embedded into the system.
And there are old games on CD-ROM that have
DRM. This DRM stuff is also
deeply embedded in your system.
And that's where Windows 10 says, sorry,
we can't allow that because that would be a
possible loophole for computer viruses.
That's why there's a couple games from
2003 to 2008 with Secure ROM that
don't run without no CD patches and such.
We can just not
support that if it's a possible danger for
our users. There are a couple patches from
developers already and there's stuff like good old games
where you'll find versions of those games
that work. So, this
is also in response to, I think, a lot of those
sensational headlines
that were out last week that Windows 10 is gonna
sneak into your house in the middle of the night and
install all your pirated software and things like
that. And in reality, there's
nothing in the user license agreement
that wasn't already there before.
But
we all know that Secure ROM and all that
DRM stuff was way too restrictive and terrible
so it's no surprise that it's
already broken as
Microsoft regulates heavier
which you can and can't do.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us next?
Stuff and things. In this case,
some UK news because we like to
give some attention to our friends
overseas. The UK
Committee of Advertising Practice
which is pretty much a watchdog agency
for advertising rules
and making sure they're enforced
has put out official
guidance for video game
content makers that take
payments to promote
products in their game. Basically,
it's controlling product placement.
So, you know, when you're driving along in your
racing game and you see a Valvoline
ad for it, they're
going to be the watchers for this in the
UK. So in the new rules,
basically, you can't
endorse or
promote a product that
has been paid without offering a
full and highly visible
disclosure. So basically,
if you take the money for the product
and
the ad is there, it has to
be marked as such.
So this is
really going in after an
advertising standards authority investigation
basically found that content
creators were failing to properly
disclose that they had been paid to
promote the products.
So,
yeah, it's got to be fully
in place on there now.
However,
it has said that
YouTubers basically
who are doing streaming content, they don't
have to say anything about
that because
they didn't pay for the content.
However, YouTubers that are
being paid to promote the games,
they need to be
upfront and say, we were paid
to play this and review it.
Interesting.
You know, and the YouTube gaming is just going to
get bigger and bigger. You know, I thought their dedicated
gaming thing was supposed to launch by now. Maybe
I thought it was late August. Maybe it was September.
But I think that's just, there's
heavy, heavy rumors too. You know,
rumor, can of salt, that
the next PlayStation 4 firmware
that's coming out towards the end of the year will
stream to YouTube gaming
when that is all worked out. So maybe they're
waiting on that. I don't know. Anyway, sorry.
Interesting timing with
what you're saying. Well, there have been,
there was kind of a stink going
on around that about Twitch players
and folks on YouTube and whatnot who
were live reviewing
or doing reviews of games, you know,
without saying, well, hey,
we were given a promo
copy of this or so and so.
I
personally would like to know up front, by the
way, if someone is reviewing a promotional
copy and
that they say up front, I am,
this is an unbiased review
of whatever the
hell game this is. And
just so y'all know, over at vognetwork.com
where we do have reviews,
Eric RPG's been posting a lot of
cool video game reviews. In fact, he just
did the Oni Chimbara sequel just
today that went up. And we always do say, we
say it at the end, we don't say it at the beginning, but it's there
in the same size font and everything else. And it
actually says how we got the game. Did we
get a code? Did we, you know,
and if for whatever reason we were
actually paid to play a game, that never happened,
but if it happened, it would be there.
It would be there. Yes. Now,
I've been paid to break
software. Now,
before we get to the next story, this is
very important. Uh oh.
Tonight has come back with an answer
from Greg.
Frequently, I worked with
Tim Curry on Ah, Real
Monsters and Duckman.
So you guys,
it's official.
We here at Orange Lounge Radio,
as of tonight, are two
degrees of separation from Tim Curry.
I
need a minute. Rob's a little
verklempt. You thought you fan-boyed
over the... Talk amongst yourselves. You thought you fan-boyed
over the Grimlock thing.
I'll give you a topic. My love
for Tim Curry is
very, very deep.
Really? Tell us how you really feel.
Don't take it to a dirty place.
I didn't! I've loved him
since I was in grade school, so don't make it
dirty. Wadsworth and Clue,
there it is.
Oh my gosh. Yes, the answer
is yes.
Great. Would you like to
interview Tim Curry? If his health is up to it.
Yes, if his health is up to it. That's the most
important thing in the world, is his health.
Because he is a national treasure and must be protected.
But if he's up to it...
I have to say it was
actually a little heartbreaking to see
the pictures that came out after
his recovery. My dad
had a stroke.
I just was...
It's sort of when you know someone
who's been through that and then you see someone
who's been an icon of
most of your life suffering
through the same thing, it's sort of
the empathy level is there.
I will say
this as well though is that
people can also make great
recoveries. Like Nichelle Nichols
going to be at Dragon Con. She had that.
And
Tracy Morgan from 30 Rock
was in that horrific car accident in New Jersey.
Was in rehab,
physical rehabilitation, not the other type of rehab
that a lot of people used to go to. And he's actually going to be
doing Saturday Night Live in October and that's fantastic to see.
So...
SSJ 100 Matt says, I'm happy I derailed
the show for this. Oh and that's really
good. Gray Knight says
Charlie Adler is very good
friends with him. Tim is doing fairly well
to my knowledge. Yeah.
I think that could be like
a lifetime goal up there.
I actually have done a bit of
design work for a few
stroke survivor and
therapy non-profits.
My...
I'll just go ahead and say this right now. I lost
my maternal grandmother
after complications from several
strokes and my dad is in a nursing
home right now. I think you've
mentioned some of this in prior episodes.
This is what you've been dealing with this year.
Anyone who has
been through that and recovers from it
it takes a lot
of determination so
it's kind of a big thing for me.
Sure. I understand. Anyhow,
I'm going to try my best not to just lose it
and fanboy out right now.
My people will have to talk to your people. Good sir.
In the interest of
the utmost professionalism, I must move
on with more gaming news.
Alan, you've got more for us.
This story is near and dear to my heart.
A
creator named Thomas Cole has released
a fan game
called Halfline. It is a
mashup of Half Life 2 and Hotline
Miami. It has the graphical
8 slash 16 bit style
of Hotline Miami, the top
down isometric view and the incredibly
fast paced
sort of
tank control run and gun action as
Hotline Miami except the
sprites and the overall
levels are
basically follow the story of Half Life 2.
The first one is the train station
and then I imagine you go to the
prison. You can
download it on
I think it's
itch.io
itch.io
just
google
Halfline
fan game
and check it out. I'm definitely going to
get it before it disappears.
Before it gets cease and desisted. Yeah.
Like all the good ones do, right?
Alright, well the Game Awards
was an experimental thing that happened
last year and it was
it was okay. I mean it was
it had some flaws but for a
first year thing it really, it could have been a lot
worse. Let's put it that way.
Excuse me.
It is happening
again this year and
apparently this, I don't know
why it's making the rounds on game blogs this week
because I think it was announced in June
but now all the news sites are
picking up on it because it was tweeted
that the Game Awards 2015
are coming this December and
stay tuned for more news soon
and that was on the official Twitter.
I think the problem was the news came
out during E3 so most people
missed it there so we'll see
if they make some of the improvements this year. I got to say
it was really awkward the whole like
I'm going to interview you and then oh hey you won
this award. I'm just going to pull this out of my jacket. You got
an award too. I understand they got to keep
it moving quickly but then
there were some things they did right
like the tribute to
Roberta Williams and that
whole, that was fantastic.
So there's
there's room for improvement
but it could have been a lot worse.
Anyhow it's time to get to the mailbag
every week Dark Soccer jumps into the mailbag
but was there
anything to be found this week?
Not a damn thing.
I'm actually sad.
At this point I would
take Ross till UT sending an email.
Oh stop. You like reading his
emails. I do like reading his emails.
Um.
Well that's it. Kill the music.
No. No emails.
No.
Now it's gotten to the point. See usually Dark Soccer
is like I don't want to work but now
it's been so many weeks.
Dear Rob. Dear me.
Jamie is the best
email reader in the universe
and bite my butt.
Love Jamie.
P.S.
Alright
well this seems like an appropriate
transition to get into a reoccurring
segment we do every week here on Orange
Lounge Radio. Why?
I don't know because we got feelings and stuff.
It's the FUs of the week time.
Dark Soccer?
FU to the person who
was doing
how fast were they going?
30 in a 45 zone
because drivers
and
FU
to situations.
Um.
Not going into a lot of detail.
Pretty personal.
But
situations.
Uh. Alan you want to go next with your FU of the week?
Sure.
FU to work not having
very many hours.
Um. Not really.
FU to not paying attention to your diet
and what you eat and how active you've been and then
gaining weight because that's what happens when you
do those things. And FU to
being kind of starving because you forgot
to eat lunch and I make star dinner after
my last story. Alright that's fair.
It's going to be spaghetti. That's fair.
Mmm spaghetti. Uh.
My FU of the week. Actually you know I talked about
my big personal change last week on the
show and I have nothing bad
to say about that. Everything
my send off at my prior job
everybody was fantastic and
it was really more than I could ask for.
And I'm really excited about
the prospect of new jobs so how can I possibly
be mad at any of that right now? I'm
actually have nothing to say negative at all.
So I guess I'm going to give like a completely
like not serious
like tongue in cheek FU and I'm just going to
say FU to
the blue team at Ingress who have been
stepping up the pressure lately and Megan Allen
and I actually work harder. Do I need to download
that game again? Yes play with us.
Play with us. But I
deleted it because I needed the brain.
Enlighten the planet Dark Saga. Being real
Jamie I wouldn't worry about it.
Yeah.
Because like it was funny that Konami thing is like
how often do you play games
on this device? Well on
your mobile phone I'm like I play Bejeweled.
No I don't. You got to do your Bejeweled
daily. As much
shit as you all give me for it which is fine it's
deserved. I do get hardcore about it but I get hardcore
a lot about a lot of MMOs.
I do more exercise because of that game
period. It has impacted me
positively in that regard. If Ingress
actually did have the functionality to use my
Apple Watch I would probably play it a lot more.
See because they're a Google company it works
with the other watch but I don't think the
Apple Watch works yet.
It's probably coming though. Actually with
the Google alphabet thing
and the antique who made Ingress is now
separate from Google. So that may
happen in the future.
That and WatchOS
2.0 is out eventually.
It's in testing right now.
I mean the open beta is for it.
Gotcha. And for those
listening. I didn't really mean that.
I mean just
in case you happen to be a blue player that's
listening it's whatever.
It's just a game for fuck's sake.
But I can still get huffy and puffy.
Evidence that Rob
is really into this game.
Blow your portal over. Two weeks ago or
last weekend he asked us
so Alan would you judge me if
I agreed to do an op.
And an op in Ingress is when a bunch of people
go out because it's a GPS game.
So you have to go out to the location to do whatever
stuff you want to do. Would you be mad
if I went and did an Ingress op at 3 AM
on Saturday?
And I was like I'll judge you a little bit
but you do you girl.
You do what you want. The late night
stuff is fun. And they do it at
3 AM because obviously
anyone with sense is asleep.
So whatever
you choose. When I was
kind of playing
I did go over to Dad's
kitchen in Folsom and saw
the bottle cap bench
that is like one of their landmark
whatever the hell it is.
And I rubbed my butt on it.
Because it was the other team.
I
I
because I wasn't high enough to attack
or do anything.
And then I was like and
Dan's like what are you doing as like
I'm just rubbing my butt on this portal.
I was like I did it at
a spike.
And I think that was when
I finally stopped playing. I know exactly
what portal that is.
And exactly yeah
that portal is usually blue for reasons
but it's oh my god I'm dying.
I'm dying. I thought that you would
appreciate that story. And I said it
live on air. Thank you.
So that you would stop fangirling over
Tim Curry. All right. Thank you.
I appreciate you taking my mind off Tim Curry
with your assing of portals.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get to the Skype line at
1877 Game OLR. Our username
on Skype Orange Lounge Radio.
Alan? Is it me? Yeah.
OK. So. Is it me? It's you?
I try
not to be a petty person but
sometimes it's a lot of fun.
Shut up.
So someone noticed
that at JB Hi-Fi
which is a retailer in Australia
someone who worked at that
store did their own
little banner
for their shelf that has
pre-order copies of Metal Gear
Solid 5 The Phantom Pain.
Someone put on it
it's a Hideo Kojima
game because
Konami or as I like to refer to them
as toilet clowns
they
they are trying to do some weird
Jason Bourne Men in Black
number six I'm not a number I am a free man
sort of thing
Hideo Kojima who's that?
We don't like him. He's gone.
Just strip the name off. So this
this petty video game employee
put up their own
Who's one of your heroes?
For this? Yeah.
So just put up hey this is a Hideo Kojima game
and Kojima caught wind of it on
Twitter and retweeted it
and was like oh yes it is nice
for me to get some
credit and notoriety that I did in fact
make this game. Ooh shade.
That's pretty good.
So petty, petty, petty
but people can be as petty as they
want to Konami. So.
SSG100Matt in chat says what a
rant by Alan and Act F says
and you were worried Alan wouldn't fill the rant quota.
There
it is. Congratulations there Alan.
Yes. Speaking of um
shade throwing we gotta talk about our fries
trivia today. I'm gonna go ahead and uh
oh wait shit I got one more story. Hold this thought
we're gonna talk about shade throwing
right after I talk about this
which is just gonna make you
well actually this might make you happy.
It's gonna make you angry because
we're gonna talk about Silent Hills yet again
and how it's not happening but
do you remember that somebody
remade PT and called it
Allison Road? They actually
kind of remade that PT demo and it was
inspired by that. Well now
That was named something different
cause I still have the freaking installer for it
on my Mac. Well
It was a punity.
Oh there was that too.
This is something else. This is something different.
But uh Allison Road has actually gone
to what else? Kickstarter
Hey y'all figure
PT would end up on Kickstarter. Kojima
and Yomototaro will end up on Kickstarter at some point
so the folks behind
Allison Road have actually gone to Kickstarter
and they are looking to fully
realize their game
that started as a PT
clone essentially. You need to get more
information AllisonRoadgame.com
I'm gonna have to see if we can get them on the show. I think it'll be fun
to talk about. This will take
my Kickstarter virginity. Really?
Hell yeah.
Alright. I'm gonna go ahead and open up the
Skype line 1877 game OLR
or a username on Skype orange lounge radio
all one word. Can we talk about fries? Yes
Can we talk about the fries trip and the hilarious
thing we saw there? Go ahead. You're a better story
teller than me. Go ahead. So obviously
this was just a coincidence
of them being in between
uh moving inventory
around. No it was on purpose. Okay it was
on purpose. So in the video
game section one aisle over
the header where on every
shelf there's a little thing that tells you what should be on
that shelf. At the top there was the
Xbox 360 logo and it said
360 or Xbox 360
accessories except what was
actually on the shelf were those little
like in a corporate environment when
you have your office desk the little trash
can. It was trash cans.
So they were saying Xbox 360
accessories aka trash bins
put your 360 in the garbage. I think
was the subtext
there. Yes. And we
saw it and had a good laugh and you
put a picture on Twitter. I did at my personal
Twitter. Twitter.com slash SKIE
I actually was sky SKIE I actually put
a picture of the Xbox
360 accessories trash but then also
like Shane pointed out Shane was with us
like just next to that it was something like
um Xbox like regular
accessories and it was a bunch of frozen
lunch pails or something
so I was like frozen
everything. Frozen has gone too far
too far this time
anyway again the skype line is
open 1877 game
olr or username on skype orange
lounge radio
Brad from pod culture saying
that toilet clowns is the name of my
band and rock band well it will be
anyway so there you go
look at that Alan inspiring
people's future rock band
the real reginator wasn't Allison
wrote a gin blossom song it might have been
actually yes it was
alright well
looks like folks are being a little bit shy on
our skype line tonight you know sometimes we get 20 people
fighting over the phones tonight it looks
a little empty I guess I guess people don't want to follow
the Alan rant or the great interview we had
tonight but I will put out
I'll put out one more call for
calls 1877 game
olr or our username on skype
orange first y'all don't email
second y'all don't call
what are we to think you even brought out
my southern so
we're getting the southern lecture well I can't say this
if you guys have do you guys have we can
solicit random questions
I think sometimes we like to take some random
questions from our chat room
to fill out the last 10 minutes here before it's 9 o'clock
if you guys have some random questions you'd like to
ask us go ahead and put them in the chat room
just make sure it's nothing
no perverts and no
no weird stuff keep it
keep it clean
I mean we might give dirty
answers but keep it clean keep it classy
you know who else would be cool to interview
random questions for no reason at all
other than awesome Betty
White
I could die
what video game did she do?
she did everything awesome at least
Tim Curry did have some gaming
experience even though I don't know I was just randomly
thinking about Betty White because I was thinking
about cheesecake
she did some voice over work for the golden girls
RTS
there is no golden girls RTS
there should be
absolutely
actdeft in our chat room is asking the
quintessential ASL
37
as often as I can
SSJ100Matt asks
what three people would you want in your foxhole
Foxhole's
taking it back to World War 1
I think that sounds dirty
a foxhole sounds like
forget the Collins we need to
do an ask Orange Lounge
that's what I was kind of getting at
we need to do an official ask Orange Lounge
an official ask Orange Lounge
but we're barely
getting any questions
as it is
fine I have a question
what
can we get cheesecake
not this late I start a new job tomorrow
girl
it's never too late for cheesecake
SSJ100Matt is confirming that is
the World War 1 saying
so what three people would you want in your foxhole
it just sounds dirty
who do you want in your
foxhole
all I'm thinking are like
of like
I'm just thinking of names of like really good looking actors
I know because that's where my mind
goes I go Chris Pine
Zachary Quinto
you know what just the cast of Star Trek
just put the entire cast of Star Trek
I would want
Neil deGrasse Tyson
Bill Nye
and
Laverne Cox
Act Deft is asking a question
okay so if you could have a video game item
any video game item
which one would you want
so are we talking like a video game item
in real life
like a hook shot I'm assuming that's what it means
if you could have a video game item in real life
what would you want
gravity gun
a portal gun
yeah but you'll break your legs if you also
don't have the long fall boots
fine I want a portal gun and long fall boots
I would snap my neck
just doing stuff around the house with a portal gun
alright let's go to the
phones and take a call
who's this
hey Rob how's it going
oh is this Marissa
hey how are you doing
I'm glad tonight it went so well
it was so much fun
thank you so much for getting us in touch with
them and putting me two degrees from Tim Curry
I'm so appreciative
that was incredible
yeah I just called to say hi
so no one was calling
and I felt bad and it's been a while
and I miss you and we still need to have Rob and Marissa
at giggle time
I know that's a future podcast we need to have for sure
is the Rob and Marissa giggle time I miss your face
you know what's weird I haven't been to LA
in like months and months I haven't been to Disneyland in a year
I think just with everything going on
at my former job that was so busy
I just didn't get really down to LA
I'm really over due for a trip
but now I'm going to be in this new job and I have to focus on that
for a while so
Rob there may be plans early next year by the way
early next year I might be able to swing that
I might be able to work with that
well Marissa you heard all the chat
you heard all the chat on voice acting earlier
was there anything out of that interview
that kind of made you go wow
that was a really good point that somebody made
oh you know
I love you anytime I have the opportunity
to hear both of them speak
it's just always a thrill
and there are wonderful interviews out there
on the internet and I've had the pleasure
I'm not taking classes with Dave yet
I hope to soon but with Greg
and he's an amazing
teacher and just a great
guy as you can see he's a lot of fun
I bet
it is true though this gentleman
oh no I was just going to say
when he was doing the interview I liked how he would
slip into some of his voices there
as he was doing the interview does he do that when he's teaching too
if somebody asks
you know he's really wonderful about that
he doesn't mind
he's just a sweetheart about that
and it's been a great thing
putting all these classes together because
if you're not in town you might not know about it
but you know it's like an old
LA thing about all sorts of classes
you know there's so many things
to choose from and it's really nice
for these wonderful teachers
so although Jamie was actually asking
about the strain on your voice
and I hear that a lot
what they alluded to
specifically with video games
well you know even
I didn't want to make it about me
but now I can make it about me because
we're old friends and we're at the back
of the show but you know I used
to MC Rocky Horror Picture Show and other cult
movies like Repo and some of
that stuff here in Sacramento and
even just yelling at Rocky Horror
for two hours on end the next day I've come
into OLR and you guys go back a couple
years in the show I've done OLR sounding
like this and it's because of the strain I put on
my voice the night before when I was doing
Rocky Horror and that's just
a couple hours of being loud and obnoxious
in front of a cloud of 500 and then
you know I'm a teacher by day as
well the corporate type
and so you know that can put a strain on my voice
as well so like I
hear you in it but it's one of those things
like until David or Gray
you know says it like
oh yeah my god when they go into those
booths there must be like
that time when they have to do the war
calls and the my character's getting
shot and stabbed stuff you know
and it's like oh my gosh that's got to be crazy on the
voice. Allen?
Oh yeah especially with a lot of those fantasy
games or war games
there's an incredible amount I've heard all sorts
of interviews and actors talking about
you know just streaming for hours
I mean you know it depends on the context
for example like you know if it's a union
job you know they make efforts
to try to protect the actors or
you know things happen anyway at the job
or they try to give them notice but even
I had a session you know where I went in and
I did no shit about it
I was screaming for two hours at the top of my lungs
so I mean people try to employ
you know various vocal
techniques too or you know there are certain
ways to scream you know that don't
damage your voice as much but you know if it's really
emotional you have to try to do it and
I guess the best you can try to do is
you know like the first
time as much as you can I guess
Alan wanted to jump in here and say something too
I've heard from other
podcast interviews that a lot of
beginning
voice actors sort of a rookie mistake they make
when they're just starting to get regular work
is they will come up with a voice
for a character for like a Cartoon
Network show and they really love
the voice that they came up with and they can't wait
to show the producer and then when they get
in the recording booth it's like oh this voice
involves me screaming this voice is totally
not sustainable for like a regular character
you're absolutely right
yeah we hear that a lot
or somebody they'll be like at the highest
part of their range
but you know
your voice levels change with emotion
so if you're at the highest
part of your range you can't go anywhere
you know where to go
so yeah that's a great point I forget yeah
they talk about that a lot too like you have to make
sure that you can do it and
you're not going to be strained and I see that all
the time honestly you know sometimes
people got to do these big growly things
and they swear that they can do it all day and you can hear
you're like no I know you want to take the job
but you know you're going to
hurt yourself
oh my gosh
wow I get to answer this question
in our chat room again making it about me
sorry Marissa but ST100Matt is asking
didn't you meet at least
didn't you meet at least one
cast member from Rocky Horror in
your shadow cast years Rob?
believe it or not no
when I went to the 25th in Vegas
years ago this would have been the year 2000
I went to the 25th
they taped some VH1
shows and so I was in the audience
they used to have a show called Celebrity Karaoke
which is so funny that now there's that
lip syncing show on Skype
on Spike TV because it's like
okay they used to have like karaoke on
TV and now it's lip syncing whatever
but they did a karaoke thing and
Richard O'Brien, Little Nell
and Patricia Quinn were all there and in it
so we got to see them and that was cool but I didn't get to meet them
but here in Sacramento
actually we are having a big con coming
up called Sinister Creature Con
and it's the same company that
put on Rocky Horror here in Sacramento
that I used to be with they actually got
Little Nell
Patricia Quinn and Barry Boswick
are all going to be here in Sacramento
I think it's the 17th of October
I think is when it is
don't quote me on that date look up Sinister Creature
Con on Facebook and
yeah that's awesome so
I definitely have to go to that and I'll finally get to meet
them and cause
yeah those are all some great great talent
so anyway
sorry Marissa I didn't mean to make it
about me but oops I guess I did
so well
well hopefully you'll be meeting up with another friend at Dragon Con
too they'll make an appearance later
yes I love getting interviews at
Dragon Con and so we're going to try to make that happen
so I am totally okay
and me and that actor are working together on a
on an audio
an audio play you know kind of like a radio
drama well that's exactly what it is just in
podcast format and that's going
that's run by Ben Padme if you
remember him he does
he wrote even the Jump Leads
webcomics in addition to Port
Center
and he's called in a few times
those would be a lot of fun to
work on I bet you know those
types of podcasts I have some friends that do them
and yeah I bet that's so much
fun those audio dramas good stuff
well I'm going to let you go
Marissa to try and get one more
plea for calls here and then wrap
up the show but thank you for calling in and saving the show I
appreciate it
so just for fun before I go you can
catch me I don't know if you I think you've
seen this on Spindow TV there's
Ralph Card episode 2 and
Galactic he's just for fun
so what's the URL
again?
it's on Spindow TV on YouTube
and there are two shorts one is called
Ralph Card and it's the second episode
and the other is called Galactic
I was just saying that
I will check that out awesome
awesome Marissa best of luck to you
with your blossoming career it sounds like
they're in voice acting I'm so happy for you
you don't even know
thank you all
I hope to see you soon take care
my friend
bye always good to hear from
our pal Marissa here who by the way
and you might be wondering
well she didn't talk about video games
that whole call what's she playing what's she doing
she mentioned earlier it doesn't matter because Marissa
yeah it doesn't matter because Marissa
so F you and B
she loves
some thief and she actually named earlier
in chat I didn't read it on air but she actually said
that in
the original thief not the new one that's some of
her favorite voice acting she's had in a
game there so there it is
anyhow I think
that's going to do it I think we're going to go ahead we're after
9 o'clock on the west coast midnight on the east coast
I think we are going to go ahead and wrap
up Orange Lounge Radio for this week
but hey I want to thank you guys
for listening to our fun fun
show tonight and participating
with our program tonight and if
you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio
remember what I always say
just tell a friend or five about the show
because sadly we don't have a big magazine
or newspaper or
TV network or something backing
us we're just we're just some
friends that do this show out
of a spare room because we love games
we love the the cool people in the community
we love talking about them every week so thank you
for uh thank you for participating and
and please help us spread the word by telling a friend or two
about the show a five star review on a
site like iTunes or Stitcher Radio or
wherever you found this show can go a long
way as well
let's go around and get everybody's final thought for
the night Alan I want to thank you so much for
filling in tonight you did an awesome job I know
I know the listeners love hearing
from you so it's
it's great when you can join us thank you as I
absentmindedly turn my mic
off again and then try to speak into it so
when you get the technical hurdles figured out
you do very well on the program
I have a hyperactive thumb apparently
uh do you have a final thought for our
listeners tonight garlic bread
sounds good oh where can people do you
do you blog or anything where
people can follow you if they like your sense of humor
or want to see more uh I don't
really update anything that much I'm barely
on Twitter so no I'm good
no all right leave him alone all right
you
you'll hear from him when he
goes looking for you that's for sure
all right uh let's see my
final thought tonight is um
yay
that's my final thought yay is my final
thought last but not least dark
your final thought for tonight
I
don't know I think about
ice cream
mmm ice cream
I just want sweet stuff
I can't have it
all right maybe it'll be a
cheat day in your future
I had a cheat weekend what are you talking about
that's the way to do it
the whole thing is that I have to be super good this week
because like I said next Sunday
well technically it's the
Tuesday next
Tuesday I will have been
married to Dan for ten years
and haven't set him on fire yet
I did scald him once that was an accident
all right
I want to thank again
by the way Andrew Jones
Greg Berger and
David Sobolove
for being on our show tonight thank you so
much they were great they were so
fantastic oh my gosh I'm just like
and it seems like now we've like
we've broken the seal and now like
there's going to be more voice actors on OLR in the future
which I'm super excited about
that's awesome because that's like a movie
podcast getting actors and actresses
so why wouldn't we want voice actors
and actresses on our show I can't wait
they totally get mad respect
for me in fact I have to
say that
Greg was one of the first ones that I actually
got an appreciation for versatility
of voice acting when I was a kid
for that one episode in Transformers
where Grimlock gets really smart
and I was like
is that the same person
and as a kid so I think
that's sort of what started my fascination with
just learning more about it so
very cool awesome and yes Dan is definitely
the man for me respect
respect for
voice actors and actresses respect
for other gamers keep on
respecting we'll see you in seven days on the next
Orange Lounge Radio Loki should be back with us
Dark Soccer sadly will not we're not going to see you
for a few weeks because with the DragonCon episode
you think I'm going to be sad
I'm going to be seeing Weird Al
fine bye
all still true
see you next week
you
