Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Another gaming event comes to San Francisco. With a mere four and a half months left in the year,
Sony announces that the PlayStation experience will happen this December in San Francisco's Moscone West.
There's this, Disney, Nintendo, and more, and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with episode number 610 for this, August the 16th of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California.
You can find me on Twitter, at SKIE, and over there, joining me in Studio, live as she always does,
say hello to the one and only, at DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers, who just leveled up according to her phone beep up there.
No, that's my husband texting me, because he's weird.
I feel, am I out of place, because I'm like the one person who doesn't have video gaming noises as the text message alerts on the phone.
Well, get with the program.
I know, I need to get with the modern times, I guess. I don't know, I just, I hardly ever have the sound on anyway,
because I hate being that, not that I'm, I'm totally not criticizing you, I'm just going to sound bitchy and it's not,
but I hate being that guy who's like, phone goes off right in the middle of something else.
So it's like, I'm always on vibrate, so I don't know.
It was just like, right at perfect time too. Well, your sound on my phone is the Enkindle This from Blasto.
Oh. In Mass Effect. I thought at one point you had me as, it was either a Golden Girls thing, or it was Shoes from Kelly.
I never had either of those on my phone. I thought for some reason. Your ringtone was, let me borrow that top.
Okay, alright. But now I think I gave you Castlevania. So I was in the right ballpark.
No, Dan is Castlevania on my phone. I was going to give you the Metroid level up. I'll take that.
It was too long to make as your text sound. I'll take that. So I gave you something different.
But like Becky, she has, there's a new message for you at your private terminal.
And then like, Grandpa is the Star Trek communicator sound. And Dan's the one up.
Alan sets all those little text tones on his phone and he has a specific one set up for Ingress.
You know that little GPS game we play? So he actually has one that says...
Does it go NERD?
Oh hi, Techmaster Loki. How are you? Here to make your witty, insightful commentary as always, I see.
I am.
Hold on, I don't know what the hell I have for you.
It does not say nerd. It says, it's Joker from Mass Effect going Commander, we're under attack, or something like that.
So anytime we hear that, it's like, jump, get the phone, recharge, recharge. Somebody's trying to take our nodes.
Okay, your ringtone is Brinstar from Metroid.
Okay, I'm alright with that. When do I ever call you though? Like not to...
You don't?
Well it's text message, but I text you all the time.
Yeah, and because I have my watch now, I usually just voice text back.
There you go. The whole Dick Tracy thing going on there with your little watch. Anyway...
Bold. It's Power Rangers. Use the terminology the kids will understand.
Sorry, excuse me. Back when I was your age, it was all about that Dick Tracy movie with...
I almost said with Dick Tracy. No shit Sherlock. Warren Beatty and Madonna. Remember Madonna? Vogue?
That was Dick Tracy.
That movie was pretty awful.
It was very awful.
But she was amazing because it was Madonna as Breathless Mahoney.
That's right. Anyway, hi chat room. We do tape live every Sunday night, of course.
At the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com. V-O-G network.com.
And if you are listening live, you should be participating in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Where people are actually talking about their various ringtones.
Act deaf saying, I have Balloon Fight and Super Smash Brothers. 64 sounds for my notifications and stuff.
I think a lot of people, you know, not to bring up, you know, it's still a sore spot for a lot of people,
but with the Iwata passing, you know, a lot of people, I think, did things related to Balloon Fight and Kirby
and some of the things he was very very heavily involved with, as a bit of a tribute.
So, I totally get that. I think that's really cool.
Let's see, TigerClaw says, my phone's ringtone is a dubstep remix of the Zelda theme.
Dare I ask what a dubstep remix of the Zelda theme sounds like?
So I have to pause because I'm gonna have to link this to the chat room.
Okay.
I found the picture, I was looking at the, 15 years ago was the first Teen Choice Award,
and I found the picture of Christina Aguilera that they got the inspiration for Maria in, or was it Mary or Maria?
Either the character in Silent Hill 2.
Mmm.
The outfit.
Okay.
So I'm gonna post that in the chat room.
Alright, that's very random, but okay.
It's video game related, shut up, don't touch me.
Okay, here's the thing. Now I have to give background, because the internet's gonna be like, that woman has Tourette's,
she always just jumps in with something really random.
Before the show, DarkSakura and I were talking live in studio about cosplay.
So now she has cosplay on the brain.
Because I was talking a little bit about how I'm going to do my first, like, major cosplay effort I've ever done.
And, you know, I've dabbled in cosplay, I've experimented with cosplay.
I hung out with cosplay in the closet for two minutes for a little bit.
Coffee with it.
Yeah, when Rama and I, er, Rama loaned me his Black Mage costume.
I wore that around Katsucon many years ago.
And I've done, like, a few things here and there.
But, like, my first, like, actual cosplay, I'm doing a DragonCon.
So if you're gonna be in Atlanta in a few weeks, check that out.
There's gonna be actually some panels on the podcasting track you're gonna wanna check out.
I'm gonna be on a panel about podcasting past, present, and future.
And then Bobby Blackwell's gonna be on another one Monday morning.
And you can hear these all live, and I'll reiterate all this with the times and everything when we get a little closer to the show.
But I will see you there, of course, Labor Day weekend in Atlanta.
So I'm gonna be doing my first cosplay, but I was talking about how, well, I can use this cosplay since, you know, I'm paying good money for it.
I am having it made. A seamstress here locally who does great work.
She's done stuff for the Rocky Horror Group here.
I commissioned her to do it, and we went shopping and bought all the fabric and did all that stuff.
So I said, since I'm putting money in this, I'm gonna use this not just for DragonCon, but I will use it for GamerX.
And I'll use it for MagFest and whatever other cons happen to happen in the next few months.
And so Dark Soccer is like, well, what am I gonna do for GamerX? I gotta think of something I wanna do for GamerX.
I already had a plan to do this one.
Yeah, well, but now you're talking about-
I have a new idea.
Can we talk about it on the show?
Yeah, let's talk about it. Why not?
You wanted to do a cross-
Crossplay.
Crossplay of Ness.
Yes.
But you said you've looked up other girls that have cosplayed Ness, and they do the boy Ness, they just happen to be girls.
But you wanna actually kinda give Ness femininity, which is very unlike you.
I know, but I wanna grow up Ness. That's why it's cosplay.
Yeah.
So I cannot be me.
So you're talking about doing like a jean skirt.
No, no, no. I'm talking about doing like a full-on blue circle skirt.
Okay.
A little blue and yellow scoop neck top. I found the t-shirt to modify.
Mm-hmm.
And, you know, like a belt, and maybe some girl shoes.
Yeah.
Ooh.
But then I was talking about, well, then I should do Paula.
Yeah.
Obviously.
We'll have to get you a yellow mullet.
Which is gonna look weird, because I really don't wanna shave my red beard, but if I do it, I'm gonna do it for art.
No, no, don't bother with shaving it. Just leave it.
Just leave it?
Just leave it.
Yeah. There is red in her.
But we were thinking doing, what, red headphones instead of like the bow that she has.
Yeah.
And then like a peach sweater type of thing instead of like the dress. It would be like a sweater with a white collar.
Pop the collar, bro.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So anyway.
You're gonna be bro'd out Paula. You'll just be Paul.
And I'll be Nessa.
Kaijuto in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I'm gonna be dressed as a rare amiibo and not show up to the con.
Well, there you go. Or you would be-
Wait, you show up to GameStop instead?
Or will you be stuck in the port of San Francisco in the midst of a strike? Isn't that the old excuse?
All right, look, we can talk about cosplay and so forth, but I want to get into the show and get into tonight's gaming news.
And I want to get into our kickoff topic tonight.
There is a lot going on this weekend with the Disney-centric expo, D23, which-
And here I thought it was just a really oddly shaped dice.
It's a brand new thing they're using. It's Dungeons and Dragons 5.0. Get used to it.
D23 is happening.
And speaking of cosplay, our pal Victoria and Bobby, they do some mean- not Bobby Black Wolf, but this is a female Bobby, Barbara.
They're doing some mean cosplay at D23 right now.
They did characters from Inside Out yesterday, right?
Because Bobby did let Sadness and Victoria was the despair.
Disgust.
Disgust.
I haven't seen the movie. Don't judge me.
I want to.
Judging.
I want to, but I just never get out of the movies.
And then today, Victoria went as a Mouseketeer, but she did the whole, like-
She went as one of the Mouseketeers.
Yes. She went and she painted her entire body in the black and white makeup.
For those of you that happen to watch RuPaul's Drag Race, because you all know that's my favorite show on TV,
if you remember what Detox did for the Season 5 reunion, that's what Victoria did for Mouseketeer.
Imagine troll cosplay, but as a Mouseketeer with no horns.
Something like that. Something like that.
So anyway, so D23's happening and our friends dressed up, but there's a lot of announcements coming out of D23, right?
For one, I know this is a video game show, but inherently, if I love Disney and I love video games,
I'm going to love Wreck-It Ralph, probably.
And I'm also probably going to love Tron, probably depending on my age, or I'll love both.
And can we just talk about the ride in Shanghai?
And how, like, you know, I think China would be a really beautiful place to see,
and the Great Wall I'm sure is one of the most fantastic, majestic things you'll ever see.
But it was like, am I really going to be able to save the money and go to China? Probably not.
But now, now that I know there's a Tron light cycle ride in Shanghai, do we have any listeners in China?
Or are we blocked in China? Because if we have any listeners in China,
I need you to take me to Disneyland in Shanghai and ride the Tron thing, because that is going to be amazing.
So that's one great thing that's coming out of D23.
And, you know, if you do follow the parks, what, they talked about Star Wars land is going to be happening?
That's a real thing. And there's some other gaming things we're going to get into a little later.
But of course, Disney video games, they come together into a franchise I'm sure everybody out there knows
and probably has played a lot of, Kingdom Hearts. And so, Kingdom Hearts 3, everybody's really anticipating this game,
even though it's probably not coming out until the year 2021.
I will probably get to Shanghai before Kingdom Hearts 3 actually releases, but we'll see.
And so there's been a lot of talk about, well, what worlds are we going to see in Kingdom Hearts 3?
We can kind of guess some from the trailer, and I think they did say the world of Tangled previously was going to be one.
Wasn't that their big E3 announcement about Kingdom Hearts 3? Was it Tangled?
That world is going to be Flynn Rider and Rapunzel and all that was going to be in Kingdom Hearts 3.
I think they said that at E3. Now at D23, they actually said that now Big Hero 6 will be one of the worlds as well in Kingdom Hearts.
And that's pretty awesome. You know, I have to be honest again, because I hardly ever get out to movies anymore.
I did not see the movie, but I heard a lot of great things about it. I want to see the movie.
And I like the fact that it's something really different. Not that, you know, I don't love the classic Disney franchises as well.
But this shows that, you know, between Tangled and now Big Hero 6, it seems like Disney might be going for a much more modern approach with some of the games or some of the lands that they're putting in the game.
And maybe this means we will see things like Wreck-It Ralph, although, I don't know, getting the other video game properties.
I think if they do Wreck-It Ralph, it's going to be limited to the Sugar Rush or whatever, the go-kart land.
Because those were all original creations. It wasn't really based on anything. So you'd probably see that.
But I think we're definitely going to see things like Frozen and things that are kind of like the newer Disney properties.
You'll probably see a lot of hopefully some Pixar as well.
But I was just curious, what do you guys think of this whole Big Hero 6 coming to Disney?
Ooh, and the fact that that's a Marvel. Big Hero 6 is based on a Marvel thing.
You know, it's not Iron Man or anything big like that, but it's still a Marvel property. So we're seeing that being dipped into.
I'm curious what you guys think in chat about that. What do you guys think about this?
Dark Sakura, you excited for Big Hero 6 in Kingdom Hearts 3?
Maybe.
Maybe? A little bit?
I'd be excited when I have the game in my hands.
So it's one of those things where it's like, I'm not going to get excited about anything because I'm going to be hyped for five years while I wait for this game to come out.
Logie?
I don't know. I haven't seen Big Hero 6 yet. I'm aware of it. It's cool, I guess.
Well, it still gives you a sense of the direction Disney's going with it, right?
No, not really. It doesn't. Because it's just a hodgepodge of stuff that they throw at the guys sometimes.
That's fair, that's fair. Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeaf says, I'm excited for Kingdom Hearts 3 in general.
Tigerclaw says, for Wreck-It Ralph, I don't think Disney could get the permission to use the other video game characters that show up in the movie.
I am disappointed with their announcement of the Hannah Montana world, though.
There is no Hannah Montana world, be quiet.
Dungeon Buster, she twerks now. They wouldn't be able to get Hannah Montana. She kind of went...
She could be summoned.
She could summon and she could come in like a wrecking ball and take out all the enemies.
Dungeon Buster says, Disney World Hollywood's getting a big Toy Story area.
Now Buzz Lightyear doesn't have to fight alone in Tomorrowland.
Toy Story, I would say you could definitely... I mean, if they are going to dip into the Pixar stuff, I think Toy Story would be at the top of the list of what they're probably going to bring into the game.
Let's see, also William Murderface says, they need to be careful with how much they try to throw in.
Those are all some good comments from our chat room over at live.vog network.com.
Yeah, we don't want them to go overboard.
They are going to have to limit it to X number of areas and then just kind of, you know, go with it.
And there's going to be things left out that we're going to be pissed off about.
I know, it's going to be disappointing that they will be available for DLC in part of the season pass.
I'm sure. I'm sure. DLC for sure. It will be the stuff you want most.
Tiger Claw says, I'm surprised they didn't use some of their other Pixar movies such as A Bug's Life in these games.
That's because A Bug's Life really is, like, if you take the list of Pixar movies from best to worst, Bug's Life is going to be near the bottom.
I'm sorry to say.
And at Disneyland, like, California Adventure, the Bug's Life area, I mean, it's for kids, so you can't hold it to the same standards.
But it's starting to feel a little dated just because that movie is getting dated.
And I think the only reason there is a Cars 3 movie even coming out at all is because Cars Land at Disney is pretty fucking amazing with the special effects just in the way it looks and visual and all that.
I mean, it's just stunning. It's very modern, especially if you see it at night.
Bug's Land? Eh, it could probably use some redoing, but it would cost a lot of money to do so.
But, I don't know. That's just me. And I hate the movie thing they have for Bug's Life at California Adventure.
I don't know if you guys have seen that or been to that. That movie thing is really awful.
So, and I think I heard they were getting rid of it. They didn't get rid of it, but they've just moved other stuff in there.
But they did, they've done the same thing to Captain EO, which is sad. I mean, I know Captain EO had to go some day, but...
That's a land that needs to be...
What? Captain Eoland?
Captain EO in...
Or just Neverland Ranch?
Kingdom Hearts 3.
Oh, Captain EO as a... I think that should be a summon.
Of course, then you'd have to get the estate of Michael Jackson to sign off on that. It's probably not going to happen.
Probably not going to happen.
Just saying. I think Lucas has to get... No, because Lucas is part of Disney now, so that would be a little easier there.
I don't know. Anyhow.
That would be amazing, though.
Alright. Let's move on. We're going to talk more about some of the news out of D23 as we move on with the show.
There's, of course, been some other related Disney announcements.
And, of course, we'll get to your thoughts on Disney or anything else that's been going on in the gaming world.
When we get to the Skype line later in the show, add us on Skype. Be our friend.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
You can also do it the old school way, 1-877-GAME-OLR, toll free in the US and Canada.
We'll get to that a little later on, though. It's going to be when we get towards the end of the show.
For now, though, let's get into what we get into towards the top of every show and talk about how is your gaming week?
What are the types of video games that you played this week? Dark Soccer.
Dragon Age Inquisition.
Ah, yes, because the new DLC came out, right?
Exactly, and I had to fight to get it working because for some reason it read the beta version that I had and wouldn't install properly on my regular one.
So I had to do a whole bunch of futzing with it and then I'd have to, like, unload my mods and reload my mods to actually get the thing to load.
And then I played through, like, all of it until, like, midnight last night.
And yeah, it's pretty good. And there's more I haven't done yet.
Because after you've beaten the DLC, you get a ton more exploration shit to do.
And it's just, like, if you like the lore and dwarves, it's perfect.
Now, that was something you were mentioning to me before the show is that, you know, you go so far with the lore as to, you know, you're doing some of the fanfic and some of the, you know, just really, like, deeper discussion about the story of what's going on with Dragon Age.
So did this DLC just give you, like, a whole new, like, it's like, oh my gosh, this is a whole new encyclopedia to work with.
Not so much for my story for, actually, yeah, it did because with where I'm going with my story, it helps give me a little bit more of a sandbox to play in.
But I'm not going to touch that too often because I started too much because I already started writing before the DLC was out.
But nothing, at least that I've written, has counteracted the DLC, so that's good.
Yeah, I was going to say, did you get into that awkward position of the DLC, like, totally did something opposite that was your vision that you had to fill in the gaps?
Not really.
How do fanfic writers deal with that? Is that a curiosity?
Some just stop writing, and others just say, well, I know this is different, but I've already started writing, so screw it.
So it's kind of like one of those things where it's like we don't acknowledge the alternate universe or whatever?
Well, no, no, no.
The J.J. Abrams timeline isn't real?
Every piece of fanfiction is technically not canon.
They're your interpretation of canon or an alternate universe or expansion on what's in your head, but it's not canon, even if it says it follows the story canonically.
Yeah, it's following canon, but every single independent thought that you write for the character is not necessarily canon.
And simply because you can't expect that the people, I don't want to say the real writers, but you know what I mean, the ones that get paid to actually do the script for the game.
The creators of said canon.
Yes, they're not out there reading all that, there's too much fan, they might read some of it, but they don't read all of it.
And some of it they probably, quite frankly, stay away from.
Actually, quite a few of them on Twitter think that there's really interesting theories out there from fanfiction and discussions and have entertained a few things.
And even a couple of them even said, yeah, you guys are awfully close to it, we can't say who's close to it, but there's some people out there who are really close to where we're going.
But in the end, canon is in the hand of the creators.
And what we're talking about really close to where the story's going, we're talking about all the cross-species sex. That's exactly where we're going.
I think that's the type of fanfic the creators tend to not look at, just kind of leave to the back alleys of the internet.
Anyway, so that's it, Dragon Age DLC and exploring all that, probably took a lot of time.
It had shiny moments, I'll leave it at that.
Fair enough. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I don't really remember what I played this week. I know I did play more of the Windows 10 beta edition of Minecraft.
That client's actually really good. It runs way better than the Java version by, like, miles.
It is still beta though, so it's missing a lot of things.
Like, for example, there's no steel doors, there's no pistons, a lot of the crafting stuff.
For example, you can craft a bow and arrow, but there's no arrows.
So you just have unlimited arrows, which is kind of weird.
But it runs super smooth. You can set the draw distance to forever and it just runs like crazy.
So I'm really digging that.
So once they get that patched up to where the PC version is now on the Java version, I think that's going to be pretty awesome.
Definitely check that out. Especially if you own a copy of Minecraft, it's free.
So go download the beta client, because it's awesome.
With that, I also played...
Oh god, what else did I play this week? I don't know.
Like, I just kind of played a bunch of different random things.
I bought more games. I bought that Namco bundle.
Installed Ridge Racer, but I haven't played that yet.
I did, unfortunately and embarrassingly, play a little bit of Sakura Clicker.
It's another clicker game, but it's with big-breasted anime chicks.
So, you know, you're attacking monsters, but it's just really more big-breasted anime chicks.
But I played it for 45 fucking minutes!
I'm sucked into these stupid clicker games.
I'm just like, okay, this is going to be stupid, it's free, whatever, I'll just check it out.
And you tap the titty over and over?
Yeah, and they're like, ah, ah, ah, ooh, eh.
And of course the cat girl's like, meow, meow.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, there's a cat?
Oh yeah, they're all different. They have bears, they have cats, there's like slimes, all sorts of weird stuff.
So you start by tapping. Usually in these games you click the same thing over and over again.
Like in Cookie Clicker you're always clicking a cookie, right?
So you're clicking a titty in this game, but what, the titty changes?
And then suddenly it's a cat?
Yeah, it's another creature. They have all sorts of just scantily clad women in it.
And I don't know, there's really no point to the game.
But for some stupid reason, I was brain dead this afternoon, and so I played about 45 minutes of it.
I'm like, oh god, why am I playing this so long?
Fifth Dream in Chat says, Sakura Clicker is great, I've played it for a lot of hours.
It's a whole girl, not just a titty.
Yeah, it's not just titties, it's just, you know, it's an anime.
But like, you know, their DLC or whatever you can buy for it, it's like costumes for like the hero girl.
Which is like, whatever, you don't even need to do that.
But yeah, so I played that for like 45 minutes today.
What else did I play? I played...
I can't believe...
I played Grand Theft Auto! I played Grand Theft Auto 5 for like 5 minutes.
Because my son likes watching my old YouTube videos, and so I have one that I did that was Breaking Rad.
Which was, you know, with Trevor Phillips.
It was set to like, you know, the theme music from the 80s movie that was so amazing, Rad.
And so it's just BMX stuff.
So I was like, oh cool, I can play the game and do that again, you know.
And so I was playing that and riding around on a bike and shooting people with explosive bullets.
So that was fun. I played that for a bit. Need to go back and play that some more.
Good times.
Yep. And then I worked on...
I didn't really work on my game this week, I worked on my website and logos and stuff.
Game related, but just not quite games.
Let me guess, StubbornLoki, after all the talk last week about Jamie or Cody or somebody else out there helping you on your logo, you're just doing it yourself.
Because that's how you roll.
Cody, I never heard back from him.
Someone never messaged me.
I know, I didn't message you. And it's because I wanted to do it myself.
And then I finally found a logo that I thought looked nice.
I didn't want to stop and ask for directions. I'll figure it out.
Exactly. So, I...
Typical.
I found... Well, the thing is, you know, I didn't have any direction to go with it.
I didn't know what I wanted. I just wanted... I'd know it when I see it. You know, type of thing.
And so I...
When I see the McDonald's that we go left at, I'll know.
So yeah, I've been learning how to do a lot of web stuff because, you know, it's a lot...
Web development has gotten so much, you know, more involved since GeoCities, so, you know.
I know. I remember when I could write a web page by hand in HTML markup.
You can still do that. It's just a pain in the ass.
You'll look like a GeoCities page.
Just saying, I can code CSS by hand.
Can you? Great. Fixhornslaungeradio.com.
That's PHP, Rob.
Oh.
Shows you how much I know.
Alright. Is that it for your gaming week?
Yeah, that's gonna be it. And then, of course, this week I'm gonna be playing Goat Simulator because I just bought that.
I played that a little bit on Xbox One. And well, I am PC.
You know what would be, though, a fun game? Not fun, but fun in a really disgusting way?
What?
Goat Stimulator.
Where you work at a goat farm.
Okay. I was gonna tease him for the whole titty clicker thing, but now you're talking about Goat Milker or whatever you're talking about.
You guys, Goat Simulator.
I've got screenshots. Let's pull up some screenshots, shall we? Or we'll just hit play.
Of course. Of course. He pulls up Steam and it's defaulted to Sakura Clicker.
Because I was just playing that before I came here. I told you. 45 minutes this afternoon.
48 minutes. I stand corrected.
You know, Steam does have it.
Are you getting trading cards?
No! There's no achievements. So, really, there is absolutely no reason for me to play this.
Okay.
But, yeah, see, here's what the game looks like.
Oh, God.
And so you just...
That's it. And I'm fighting the witch.
Because I know it's radio.
And, see, look. That's a panda bear.
Oh, my God.
I'm fighting a panda bear.
These various... Okay, when he says he's fighting a panda bear, it's a girl dressed up with a little tiny panda bear coming out of her panties that she's wearing.
And her bra and panties happen to be a black and white pattern.
What? A dragon?
That's not a dragon. That's a girl in a very revealing dragon costume.
Showing a lot of side boob.
There's a bear.
Okay, these are not...
See, I'm thinking in my mind of actual animals.
No, it's just... It's pretty anime ladies in unrealistic proportions dressed up as creatures.
All right, Loki, you're crazy. I love it.
All right, Mike, give me a week.
So, believe it or not, not a lot of Final Fantasy XIV this week.
I know that's usually my go-to game, but I think I've kind of worn that game out for right now.
I'm trying to still do enough content where I'm getting my tomes every week so I can get my gear.
But I'm kind of burned out on that.
I actually went back to a game that I've been playing a lot of in the past, Diablo III, because I read that Season 3 is ending.
And so now I'm like, oh, shit, I didn't unlock everything.
I still need to get 400 achievement points so I can get my portrait.
So I've been working on Diablo III, hoping I can just barely make the buzzer on that before they end Season 3,
which I think I have about another week.
And then Season 4 will be starting on, I think it was the 28th, don't quote me on that, but it's coming up before too long.
So, yeah, I wanted to get that done.
So it's been nice to kind of go back and play a little more Diablo.
Otherwise, new games this week.
On PlayStation 4, I played two new games that came out this week.
The first one I played a little less of because I'd already played this game on PC,
but I checked out Gauntlet on the PlayStation 4, or as I think they're calling it, Gauntlet Slayer Edition,
which is very similar to the Gauntlet on the PC, except of course it's built natively for the controller.
And I think some of the level design and the structures are a little different than the PC version, at least from what I remember in my experience.
But otherwise, I'll say mostly the same stuff I said the first time about Gauntlet.
It's a pretty cool little reimagining of the game.
It is different in Diablo in that you're not really on the hunt for gear, you're on the hunt for gold,
and you turn around and you use the gold to buy gear.
So you're not going to do these endless grinds that you do in Diablo,
but you can do a dungeon randomizer and you'll try to go as far into a randomly generated dungeon as you can,
which has a lot of the feel of the old game, which yes, I know the old game was not random dungeons,
but sometimes they felt that way as you started to forget what the levels looked like one after the other.
So there's that.
Plus the other thing I kind of like about what they do with Gauntlet is that all the different characters have a very different feel in how they play.
You know, the warrior plays how you would expect a melee class to play.
It's not like the old school Gauntlet where the warrior is throwing axes across the room all the time.
It's not really like that.
But if you go from the warrior and then you go play as the elf, the elf plays like a twin-stick shooter.
Like if you use the R-stick, he's just constantly shooting arrows at the enemies over and over again.
I actually like playing as the elf the best.
And you can use like, if you buy a certain power-up, you can use R1 to like dash and get out of tricky situations.
And then the wizard plays like that game Magica, where like you have a fire button, an ice button, and a lightning button,
and you can hit like fire, fire, and it'll do a fireball.
Where you hit fire, lightning, and it does like, it does a kind of like a thing that mixes both those elements.
So I think that's kind of neat, because I like that whole little mechanic in Magica as well.
I thought that was pretty cool.
So it's neat that they've given those characters completely different play styles inside Gauntlet.
And spoiler alert, although it's not that hard to figure out if you check out the leaderboards,
there's a fifth class that wasn't even in the original game, Necromancer.
And that's going to be different as well.
I haven't unlocked the Necromancer yet, but...
Oh, I was hoping it was Pojo.
No, it's not Pojo.
But the chicken class was the best class, let's be honest.
From what I understand, the Necromancer is like, I don't know, she controls like undead creatures,
like a summoner or something like that, I don't know, I think is the way it works.
You don't say a Necromancer controls undead.
I know, right? Right?
That's...
Not just a clever name.
That's just silly.
That's how it plays in the game.
So there's Gauntlet.
Then the other game I played this week, and I actually played this game from start to finish,
and Dark Sakura watched me play probably the last quarter of it or so today,
is a brand new game that was on the PlayStation 4 this week called Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
And yes, that's the name of the game, and it's kind of a silly title for a game,
but when you start to play the game, you understand that it definitely appears that the rapture has occurred.
You are exploring this world.
You wake up in a place, and you learn that all the citizens in this town have disappeared.
And you're trying to figure out the why in it.
I'm going to caution you, because the reviews for this game are going all over the map.
And it's because it's a gorgeous game with a really deep story that's very well acted,
and the music in the game is incredible as well.
It's got a great orchestral score to it.
They do some really neat things where they have choirs singing songs.
It almost feels like Bioshock Infinite a little bit in some parts.
They do some really great things with the soundtrack.
But, here's the thing.
If you didn't like Gone Home, and you thought that game was pretentious or whatever,
you're going to hate this game. Don't bother.
Because it's very similar in the aspect that there's not a lot of, and I'm using my quote-y fingers, game.
You're not fighting zombies, although it seems like one's going to jump out behind the door at some point.
You don't really die. There's no risk factor in the game.
At the best, the game is that you're chasing a ball of light, and the ball of light kind of helps you know maybe where to go next.
But one thing I learned after my first playthrough of the game is that if you just follow the ball around,
and don't bother to do any of your own exploring, you're not going to get the entire story.
The ball of light will show you those cutscenes you have to see, but it's not going to show you everything.
Anyway, I don't want to give away too much of the game or what have you, but I just want to caution you.
If you are not into the idea of an interactive story, as opposed to maybe a game, then you're probably going to want to pass on this game.
However, I will say, for those that are going with the whole video games or art thing, this game is a work of art.
And it's one of those games, not just, is it gorgeous?
I mean, Dark Soccer, you were watching the game on PlayStation 4. It's a gorgeous game, right?
I just told Dan that we need to buy this.
The graphics, I mean, it goes, and you were noticing, wow, the times of day change.
The one thing that bothered me was the trees and grass. You had wind effects, but none of the environment moved.
So it made, but it actually added to the atmosphere to me, and that it made it seem like you were stuck at a time.
Like you were an outside observer, like you were dropped and time had been frozen for the moment that you were there.
It was very metaphysical.
SSJ100Matt says, let me guess, is it preachy? No, and I think that might be where they're going to regret the title,
because people are going to make the assumption that their game has a lot of religious tones in it, and actually it doesn't.
But, well, I will say this. There is a preacher character in the game, and so there are some religious tie-ins,
but the game itself, and there's, I gotta be careful, I don't want to spoil things, but there's also not a lot to spoil,
because a lot is left up to interpretation, I believe. I don't think the game is really about the rapture.
God, I have a comparison to make, but I have a feeling it would be a little spoilery if I made it.
We better not. We'll wait a few weeks, then maybe talk about it later.
Ask me in chat and I'll tell you what I think it is.
But I will say this. You know, the minute I beat the game, I kind of just wanted to talk to somebody else about it.
You know, and even Dark Sakura and Shane was actually here too, and I was just talking to Shane.
I was like, so does that mean, so that means, you know, and we're just trying to talk it out and figure out what the hell it all meant,
because there is a lot of it that's opened up to interpretation. That could also frustrate the shit out of some people.
So, in a nutshell, everybody's gone to the rapture. Gorgeous graphics.
I actually think Dark Sakura, what she said about the environment is super, super nitpicky. I don't even think you'll notice it all.
Gorgeous graphics. Well, I mean that in a, you know.
Well, yeah, but I noticed stuff like that.
It's a fair criticism, but it's so minor in the context of things.
The graphics is great. The sound in the orchestra, orchestral music is great.
The voice acting is fantastic and all that.
But as far as where's the game, some of you may be left wanting a little more, because it's more of an interactive work of fiction in that regard.
And maybe the one thing that really frustrated me the most is for the first half of the game or so,
I had no real sense of, am I progressing? Am I doing this right?
What am I, because the game gives you so little to work with, what the hell am I supposed to be doing?
Am I, if there are 10 cut scenes to see in this part of town, did I see them all?
How do I know? Because I'll tell you this much as well, which is crazy to me.
I beat the game start to finish, right? There's probably like 20 trophies in this game.
I got two of them playing the game from start to finish.
So that tells me there's a lot of game I didn't see.
So it's, I don't know. It's interesting that I couldn't figure that out.
But yet I do have that sense of, maybe I should go back and play it again, because I think there is a lot that I missed.
Now, like if I knew when I started what I knew when I finished, maybe now there's more that I'll be able to uncover.
And I think in that regard, if not only the game can be a work of fiction and get you to play it like that,
but then make you want to go play it again immediately, I think that's a hell of an accomplishment.
So just kind of something to throw out there.
Alright, I'm looking in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
DungeonBuster wants to know, how long is the game?
That could bother some people as well. I would say it was about four hours for me, start to finish.
I bet some people out there could beat it a lot faster, and I bet some will take their time a little more.
But remember what I just said. I beat the game, and then I wanted to go back and play it again,
because I realized I think there's a lot of shit I missed that now I know stuff that I didn't know at the beginning I could go back and find.
So I'll leave that to you, how much you think you could really get out of a game like that.
Let's see, also going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth Dream says, at the beginning I was scared a lot. It made me think of PT, and that made me freak out.
But there was nothing to be scared of. Oh yeah.
And I was actually showing Shane the game for the first time on SharePlay, and I was telling him as I was playing,
I'm like, every time I open a door, I think Chica's going to jump out and go, and like, bite my head off.
Like, I keep thinking that the game definitely has a very scary ambience to it, but there's nothing, like there are no jump scares in the game.
And I was telling Bobby Black Wolf before the show, the game is in Bobby Black Wolf mode. You cannot die.
You will not, there's no consequence in the game really, except time wasted running around in circles.
One last thing I'll say about the game. Tip, if you get the game, hold the R2 button.
In most scenarios, the R2 button will move you faster. They do not say that in the beginning of the game, and I think that's a mistake.
It's in the manual, if you bring up the manual and go look at the online manual, and that's the only way I found it.
But yeah, I think it was a mistake not to call that out in the game, because if you don't know about the R2 button, some of the, it's going to move really slow.
For not reading the manual.
Really slow.
For some people.
RTFM.
So there you go. That's my thoughts on Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
A very, I think this is an art piece that I think a lot of, I think you're going to see these Game of the Year awards.
I think this thing's going to get nominated for a ton of them.
And I think some people are going to say, what a pretentious piece of shit, it shouldn't win all these awards.
It's going to be the same thing with Gone Home.
I think this is just kind of this year's Gone Home, and it's going to be a lot of the same stuff that you saw happen with that game.
Alright, anyhow, and by the way, for the record, I loved Gone Home.
I actually liked Gone Home a little more than this game, but I thought the graphics and the music and the presentation and some of the things that kind of the game leaves open are a little better in this game.
So I guess they kind of both have their pros and cons, don't they?
Alright, quickly, some housekeeping, and then we'll get into this week's gaming news.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r. We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
We're also on Google Plus, at google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
We will not be here over Labor Day weekend.
That is because, as I mentioned earlier in the show, I will be at DragonCon with some of my other buddies from the Voice of Geeks Network, including Travis from Under Sedation Live, Bobby from the Bobby Black Wolf Show,
some of the guys from Critical Myth are going to be there, and I believe Brian from British Invaders also making the trip out from Canada to be there.
So there's going to be quite a bit of VOG representation around the show, and I'll give you more information about what panels to look out for and what to tune into online.
If you can't make the show, I'll get you that a little closer to the actual date of DragonCon, which is Labor Day weekend.
But we will not be here live because of it, but I'm sure so many of you are going to be going to cons of your own or on trips.
I know PAX is the same weekend. There will probably be some gaming news out of that. It's going to be a busy weekend, but we will not be here that weekend.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news for the week. And speaking of expos, right, Loki?
Yes, this is pretty exciting. I don't know if I can go, but it's going to be much closer this year.
But the PlayStation Experience 2015 is going to be held in San Francisco as opposed to Las Vegas last year.
It's going to take place December 5th and 6th, and will be at Moscone West.
I don't know when tickets are going to be available, but you can check out the official PlayStation Experience website, which is really long.
Just look for PlayStation Experience on PlayStation.com.
I'm happy, well, the selfish part of me, completely 100% selfish part of me is happy that they moved into San Francisco because now I could go without having to take time off work.
So the chance that I could actually attend the event this year is way higher than it was in previous years, or previous year, really.
So, yeah, that's exciting. Although, it is the week before GamerX, which VOG Network is actually a sponsor of, so doing both back to back is going to be a little tiring.
But, you know, it's not like, you know, San Francisco is only a two hour drive, so it's doable. It's doable.
Interesting, because Jason, who does the voiceovers for our show, like in the beginning, he was actually texting me, he's like,
Wow, weren't you guys just talking about PlayStation Experience last week on the show? And I was like, what are you talking about? They just announced it this week.
He's like, no, no, no, but you were, you were talking about something that kind of led to you talking about where's PlayStation Expo and aren't they going to announce things?
And yeah, I think last week we were talking about Gamescom and that it was kind of Microsoft heavy. We didn't hear a lot, a lot out of Sony.
We heard some, but not a lot. It kind of begs the question, was Sony going to do their own thing? And here we are.
And some interesting things that I was reading around the internet as to why they do this, and I thought this was a very smart theory, why this PlayStation Expo is working very well for them.
Because by doing this expo around the holidays, when there's not usually a lot of gaming news otherwise, everybody's talking about what?
During the holidays, PlayStation.
Hanukkah.
And that's, well, and what they want under their menorah for Hanukkah is a PlayStation because there's all this-
The Hanukkah bush, get it right.
I think, I think it's very well timed how they do. I thought that was a really interesting theory that PlayStation does this purposely during the holidays to get the conversation around PlayStation right when people are looking to buy that type of stuff for the holidays.
I thought it was pretty clever insight, especially when you consider this year, you know, we've, and we talked about this in the, on previous editions of the show, Sony PlayStation doesn't exactly have a lot of first party games to be putting out there.
So they have to kind of steer the conversation into a different direction and they're really putting a lot of their focus on Street Fighter 5, a lot of focus on Street Fighter 5, No Man's Sky, and some of these other games that are coming out that aren't necessarily-
I mean Morpheus stuff at that point, cause you know, it's almost 2016 at that point.
Well, maybe that's, that's a big chunk of what we're going to say. I mean, if, if the Morpheus is indeed spring 2016, maybe the conversation at this PlayStation experience is really going to focus on Morpheus and it's going to get people to go, Oh, I want that.
Make sure you put a PlayStation 4 under my Hanukkah bush or my Christmas tree or whatever it is, your Festivus pole for that's what I want.
So, uh, very, very interesting. So, um, I hope to go, did they say tickets are on sale yet or they didn't really say, cause they'll probably sell out in 15 minutes.
So I'll, uh, I'll have to just hope I can get one. So, cause I, I feel like I'm only going to be able to go on Saturday just because of the working situation and everything, but I'd love to go just at least for a day. I think it'd be a lot of fun.
Well, maybe one game that will show up at the PlayStation experience, you know, again, one of those games that Sony has been pushing a lot, even though this game is supposed to be on Xbox one as well.
But I think that when a lot of people think of Sony, they think of Final Fantasy, Final Fantasy 15. It's been announced this week that Final Fantasy 15 will get a worldwide simultaneous launch.
This was in an interview with GameSpot. Final Fantasy 15's director Hajime Tabata actually said that Final Fantasy 15 will get a release worldwide.
This is noteworthy because typically a lot of Square Enix games come out in Japan, you know, a good six months even before they're out here. Like Final Fantasy 13. I remember, Loki, you imported Final Fantasy 13.
No, I didn't import Final Fantasy 13. I imported Final Fantasy 13, the demo.
The demo of 13 you imported. So it's not uncommon that things come out in Japan much earlier than they are actually released here.
But Final Fantasy 14 broke that trend quite a bit. Granted, 14's in a different situation because 14 is an online game. There's a different set of rules that go with that, but I guess it showed that Square can certainly do these simultaneous releases.
So a quote from the interview. This may be something that we are a little bit embarrassed to talk about, but really this is the first time that we've done a packaged standalone Final Fantasy game with a simultaneous global launch.
And I'm only letting that comment slide because he said packaged standalone and I'm like, again, 14 launched globally, but anyway.
So we didn't have the setup to deal with that really. The first thing we had to do was rearrange our internal structure to be able to create something that could do that.
That was the first important work on the project. And maybe I would think that if you're working on this game and you're in Square right now, a big part of the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One is about that social connectivity.
And you can go onto Twitch TV, the built-in PlayStation 4 viewer right there on your crossbar, and watch people play Japanese games that are only out in Japan right now.
And likewise, people in Japan can watch people play games that are out in the US that are not out in Japan, and Europe can do all the same things as well.
So I think they fully realize, if we release Final Fantasy 15 in Japan first, what's going to happen?
Everybody's just going to watch Twitch streams and get the story that way. It's built right there into the PlayStation 4.
And they'll just get their fill of the story that way. You know somebody's going to run that channel that's like, I'm going to play Final Fantasy 15 and I'll translate as I go.
And somebody who's very well-versed in Japanese and English can play through the game and translate everything as they go.
So I think they kind of see that we, and I've been saying this for years as I think a lot of us have, we now live in a world economy of sorts.
You know, with the internet having us all connected, no more can you release a game over here and not expect any news about it to never make its way over here.
When Nintendo re-skinned Doki Doki Panic and made it Super Mario Bros. 2, they could kind of keep that a secret because there was no internet.
There was magazines. They could kind of control that information.
Most people in America didn't know for years and years and years that Super Mario Bros. 2 was a completely different game in Japan.
Nobody really knew that until the Mario lost levels and all that stuff.
How did no one notice that? It looks completely different. It plays completely different. It doesn't make any sense.
Color palette was different.
Well, because we didn't have their Super Mario Bros. 2.
Yeah, but seriously though, it's like, what?
But now that the internet is out there, could Nintendo ever do something like that? No.
So, you know, because it would be out there on the internet in a minute that, you know, this is what they've done and they changed the game and it has a different name and all this other stuff.
It would just be out there the instant.
They took Tomb Raider and they re-skinned it to Mario and now it's Mario.
It's Mar-Rader.
Anyway, Final Fantasy XV is going to be launching globally and I think that's good news for Final Fantasy fans here in the state and in Europe.
Is that we will not have to wait for the game to be translated and all that localized because they're doing it simultaneously just like they're doing it for Final Fantasy XIV, so it makes sense.
Let's move on. Dark Sakura.
This is happy news. Happy. Everyone, happy.
Resident Evil 2 is getting a remake. Booyah.
Because how many different ones have we had for the first one? Like, a million? Or at least three or four?
Well, it looks like there will technically, it's been hinted a lot that there's going to be a possible Resident Evil 2 remake and now it's actually been officially approved.
So, we are going to be getting one. There's no details about it, but hopefully it has my favorite line in it.
It's time to take down Umbrella.
Because it's not raining anymore.
I guess I get why not. You know, a lot of people really love the earlier Resident Evil games, so why not? Especially 2. Why not go back and remake it?
Cap come out of ideas. I mean, is that what I'm hearing here? Because I understand Street Fighter V, which, let's be honest, it's not that different from Street Fighter IV.
I mean, you're tweaking things.
Fighting game fans may take issue.
I understand that. Whatever. That's fine. I'm talking about just a purely development. I mean, we're not talking like it's completely different. I mean, the systems may be a little bit different.
Okay, fine. Whatever. I'll give you Street Fighter V.
But like, they're remaking Mega Man, or they're doing like a collection for Mega Man. They're remaking Resident Evil. They just remade Resident Evil.
It's like, I guess you ran out of ideas. Let's just make all the old games again. I mean, I don't know.
Well, this is the one who's actually in charge of the project is Yoshiaki, and I hope they did not just miswrite his name.
Hirabayashi, who is the one who is also behind the last one. And he seems really excited and passionate about it.
So that first Resident Evil remake must have sold really well for them to be thinking about this.
I have it. Have I played it? No.
Capcom's gonna go where the money is. And I think, Loki, if you're asking, why are they doing all this? Because that's what people are buying.
Everybody loves nostalgia.
You know what they love more than nostalgia? The new Mega Man game.
Well, Anna, if you believe Capcom, it's Pochislot.
Well, I bet if that Mega Man collection sells absurdly well, maybe they will do a Mega Man 11.
Or they're gonna bundle a 7, 8, 9, and 10 type of thing. I don't know. We'll see. Anyhow.
Let's move on, Loki.
So, Phantasy Star Online 2 is coming out for the Playstation 4.
That's pretty great news. And there's a guy wielding a fish. So that's something.
Of course that's in Japan, of course. Not announced over here yet.
But region free, right?
I mean, I'm sure it's a little bit more complicated when you get into an MMO.
But, I don't know. Is it gonna operate the same as Phantasy Star Online did, where you can play offline?
I don't know.
Yeah, there was a whole single player campaign, and Universe had a great one. Well, I thought.
I liked Universe more than most people did.
I've been wanting to play Phantasy Star Online 2 for forever.
And I realize, yes, there's the whole...
Just recently, we were talking about this too, maybe not even a month ago.
There's the server now that they took the region restriction off of, so you can get a patched client and do that.
But it's like, is it too much to ask, with all that being said, for Sega to just kind of officially acknowledge it?
And just, maybe it's easier said than done. Patch it into English and put it out already.
Maybe it might be a good idea to make something other than Sonic for a change.
Because Sonic ain't working for you right now. So, maybe put up Phantasy Star.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, you can solo a lot in PSO2.
Rama says, Sky, what patch? The region lock is back on.
I don't remember the details. I'm sorry, maybe some of you people that are more tuned into the Phantasy Star Online current goings ons.
I don't think you're playing the same game that the Japanese audience is.
I think it's a different territory. And it's like a year behind in updates from what Japan has.
But it does have the region restriction gone on it.
So, it was something I was seeing on Twitter a while back.
It was one of those things where I wanted to play it because I loved Phantasy Star Online.
I love Phantasy Star Universe. But when I see Sega kind of giving us the finger here in the States,
I kind of just want to give them the finger right back.
We do. That's why their sales are in the tank for Sonic Boom.
Dungeon Buster says, the server restrictions are back. Oh, that sucks.
But there's a proxy you can use to get around it. I've been playing for a few weeks now.
There are several versions. The C version is the one everyone avoids.
The Japanese fan translated version is the one people suggest to play if you want to jump through the hoops to do it.
I'm just kind of like, Sega, just acknowledge that I exist. Is it too- Sega, give me a hug.
That's all I want. Just give me a hug. Please. Please, Sega.
I defended Phantasy Star Universe on this show. It's not that bad.
It's gone now. I think they pulled the plug on the servers years ago. But it wasn't that bad.
Wheeling the two swords in two hands is really awesome, anyway.
Moving on. Well, since we won't have Phantasy Star Online 2 to play in the States,
I guess I can look forward to this game and that makes me very excited.
It's Super Mario Maker. Super Mario Maker, some more details were revealed in advance of the September 11th release date,
which I love that they're releasing this, on Loki's birthday. How appropriate.
I keep watching videos for it. It looks cool.
Yeah, it does look cool.
I'm digging it, but once again, I was at Walmart the other day, because I needed the router fast,
and I looked at the system like, how much do we use now? $2.99? No, fuck that.
That's pretty much what it is. That price is not going to sell me. I'm sorry.
Well, a lot of people are excited about some of the things they saw in the video,
including a lot of the different features that will be in there and things that you can do to the different levels.
But some people are very upset about the whole fact that it will take nine days to unlock all the content.
That's right, they're going to slowly release content. It's not like DLC thing, like what they're doing with Splatoon,
but it's because you're going to, you go in and you edit a level, and as long as you spend five minutes in the level editor
with the tools that you have, you'll get new tools the very next day.
And I guess the concept behind this is they don't want to overwhelm you by throwing all the tools at you at once,
which I kind of get it. I actually kind of get that. And to be fair, LittleBigPlanet gated its stuff as well.
It wasn't a day release, it wasn't a 24 hour time lock, but you did have to play through the single player campaign
to get all the bubbles that would unlock all the mechanics that you would end up using in the level editors,
especially when it came to cosmetic things.
Okay, so it's a little bit apples to oranges, but I kind of understand the whole, you got to teach somebody to do a simple level
before they can just do a complicated level. I'm not, I don't know. I saw a lot of outrage on Twitter and stuff at this,
and I actually like, you know, I'll call Nintendo out when I have a problem with what they're doing,
but this doesn't seem like the greatest of crimes they've ever committed. It's just nine days.
And I'm sure as a lot of people are figuring out, you could just change the clock on your Wii U.
We were just talking about time shifting.
If you need it that bad, just do what you did in Animal Crossing and set the clock ahead, and there you go.
Problem solved. You can unlock everything. But you still will have to spend five minutes with the current set of tools.
I mean, I kind of think it'll be a bigger pain in the ass to set the clock forward all the time than to just fucking wait.
It's not, I mean, I feel like you can do a lot with the tools that'll be there already.
It's gonna start a lot of people on creating a very basic level and then improving that level over and over.
I don't know. I just, it's nine days, not thirty. I just think this isn't the biggest deal in the whole wide world.
Loki, you usually, if you've got a problem with Nintendo, you're one to say it. Do you think this is an issue or nah?
No, because you can just easily take like ten minutes, well probably more than ten minutes,
but you can take less than an hour to time shift it nine times and just unlock it that way.
It's an inconvenience and it's kind of stupid, yes, but whatever. I understand their point, but I don't agree with it.
Alright, well one other thing to point out about Super Mario Maker is that it's going to be compatible with over fifty amiibo.
You don't say. Amiibo support in Super Mario Maker.
But what it's gonna do is it will allow you to, I guess, place the character in a question mark block,
so when you play the level, you can transform Mario into that character.
There's some exceptions. I think the actual 8-bit Mario amiibo will put mustaches on all the enemies. Silly little things like that.
But I was, you know, and in the video they show Link...
No, that one made Mario super big.
Oh, wait, which one's the one that puts mustaches on the monsters? There's two of them, right?
I don't remember, but like the 8-bit Mario that allowed you to put like a big mushroom into one of the blocks and you can make Mario extra huge.
Got it, that's right, and I remember seeing that as well. So there's maybe one does one and one does the other.
But anyway, oh, Dartusuya says the giant Mario does both those things, so we're both right.
Okay, but the other thing, and in the video they show Mario turning into Link, and I think they show Wii Fit Trainer in the video as well.
But if you go look at the list of compatible amiibo, there's some pretty funny ones in there,
because some of the Animal Crossing characters that are gonna be amiibo are gonna be playable in this game.
Sonic?
Sonic is one of the amiibo! So that means that you can play as Sonic in Mario Bros.
Now, hold on people, I don't mean that you're gonna...
The universe will implode.
Yeah, you're not gonna be able to spin dash through blocks or anything like that.
It's gonna look like one of those crappy 8-bit ROM hacks back in the day, like when people would do like super nude Luigi ball sack or whatever.
You know, people did Super Penis Bros., where just everything was a dick that you would play in the game, right?
Remember these ROM hacks? When things like...
Oh God, what was that Nintendo emulator everybody used back in the day?
Nesticle?
Nesticle! Because it had a dirty name. Nesticle. And Genesis, remember?
Everybody had these stupid ROM hacks and patches.
That's what it's gonna look like. You're gonna have Sonic, but it'll play like Mario, which it happens to be Sonic.
And Pac-Man and Mega Man, also on the list.
And Kirby.
And Kirby! So I just think that's hilarious that after all these years, finally, Sonic playable in a Mario game. Like that.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, oh man, Bloodlust Software. Those guys really knew their stuff back in the day. Wasn't it just one dude?
I don't think it was like a whole team. I thought it was just one dude who was just kind of a...
I'm curious to see what they look like, because I know they have the 8-bit versions and the Super Mario version.
But what about other, because you can switch it between Mario 3 and all those.
They look like the 16-bit versions in Mario World.
They probably share a lot of the similar looks that they have in Smash Brothers.
I would imagine maybe they recycled some of the shapes and things from that. We'll see.
Well that's pretty cool, because I have a nice growing collection of Amiibo.
Growing way more than it should have, but I kind of like a lot the Amiibo that I have.
And last week, thanks to AkumaJP, I now have a Pac-Man and a Greninja from Japan.
So hey, I'm happy. I wanted a Pac-Man, because I actually play Pac-Man in Smash Brothers.
It's like one of my three characters I use all the time.
So now I have all my actual characters in Smash Brothers.
I have a Ness, I have a Wii Fit Trainer, and I have a Pac-Man.
I had to go to Japan to get, well I didn't actually go to Japan, but I had to turn to the Japanese market to get all of them.
But I have them.
Almost to release dates, but first, Dark Sakura.
Yes.
Did you play, did you play Nesticle back in the day?
Hell yeah, I had it on Linux.
On my little teensy netbook, it's what I'd play in class.
I feel like Nesticle ran on my 486.
Actually, I didn't play Genesis. I played Gens, which was the only one I had that could play Panorama Cotton.
Oh, right.
Panorama Cotton was notoriously...
There's always that one game. That one game that you have to play in the emulator.
It was just notoriously difficult to run because of all of the scrolling and everything it did.
So, but back to some Nintendo news.
They actually pulled a game out of the 3DS eShop because it had been hacked.
Well, not really.
It was one you could use to enable homebrew games and software.
It was a game called Ironfall Invasion.
Basically, they created this thing called the Iron Hacks Exploit, which would let you go get, you know, your own homebrew on there.
And everyone really, really wanted it.
It was actually announced by a coder named Smeelum, I guess how he goes.
Jordan Smeelum Rabbit.
Who basically posted on Twitter, everyone interested in 3DS homebrew should get Ironfall from the eShop for free.
Tell your friends about it. Please retweet.
So it was supposed...
The method was supposed to launch this week.
And basically, Nintendo yanked it.
And the guy behind it apologized to the developer for causing the removal of the game.
But the game was downloaded several hundred thousand times before the exploit was announced.
Of course. Well, the exploit was announced somewhere.
They announced which game the expo was going to work with before the exploit was released.
But look at Cubic Ninja and how expensive that is now.
It's because there was an exploit in that to run the homebrew channel on there.
There you go.
Yeah, and this isn't something exclusive to Nintendo.
Like, I think about this happened on iOS.
Is that there was a game that was on the App Store for free.
And it ran one of the public domain MAME games.
You know, it's public domain so you can do whatever you want with it.
I think it was like Mr. Robot or something like that. You download it.
And it was actually the full MAME emulator on your device.
So you use something like iFunBox or something to go into your iPad or your iOS.
You just dump the other zip files in there and congrats.
You got a MAME emulator on your iPad or your iPhone.
Now, it took Apple a week to pull that thing from the store.
But so many people went and downloaded this app.
And once you got it, you got it on your device.
Unless they do a PT.
I don't know if they did.
Only if you have saved the downloaded version on your computer would you be able to bring something like that back?
If you delete the file, then it's not downloadable again.
Which is why I keep a backup in my iTunes, always.
Not everyone does.
Not everyone does, no.
So there it is. Oh, Dark Tetsuya says it was Robbie Roto.
As I recall, the original creator released it to the public domain since years ago.
That's right. That sounds right.
So again, these types of like openly hackable things are not exclusive to Nintendo.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
Let's see what bugged games are coming out next.
So we've got this week Dungeon Travelers 2, the Royal Library, and the Monster Seal for the Vita.
A Vita game?
Yeah, a Vita. I know. Shocking.
Hell Divers Super Earth Ultimate Edition.
They're getting a boxed version of that that's coming out on PlayStation 4.
And then LBX Little Battlers Experience for Nintendo 3DS.
That's one of those first party titles that no one knows is coming out and then it comes out.
Surprise! Surprise release.
Surprise! There was no Nintendo Direct about that title.
Alright, is that it?
That would be it.
Alright, traveling to Japan. It's a very quiet week this week in Japan.
But on the PlayStation Vita, we have Romeo vs Juliet, the all-chapter pack.
I think I mentioned this one last week because it was a very slow week last week as well.
And then on the Nintendo 3DS even, there's Super Robot Taisen BX, but that's really it.
We start to get some more stuff next week, such as the Dragon Quest VIII remake is out next week.
And I think a lot of you are going to be into that.
But for this week, things remain pretty quiet in Japan.
How about Europe? Dark Sakura?
There are a few things. What we have on the 18th is Final Fantasy Type 0 HD for PC, Fingered.
Volume for Vita and PlayStation 4 PC. Also, Zombie for PC and PS4 and Xbox One.
Oh, that's right. That's this week. The Zombie thing. The Wii U one that's now on other systems. That's right.
Yes. On the 19th, we have Smite for Xbox One. And the 20th, we have Trine 3, the Artifacts of Power for PC.
Nice.
That's it.
Just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright. So, Disney Magic Kingdoms was a title that they kind of announced during D23.
And what is Disney Magic Kingdoms? Well, it's kind of an iOS or a mobile game where you basically design your own Disneyland or Disney World or whatever.
And they have lots of crap that you can pull in there. I guess sort of like a rollercoaster tycoon game.
But I remember they showed you can even add Flynn's Arcade in there. So that was pretty cool. Still no Tron game.
Wait, so I can have a Disney park with a proper Tron arcade? Thank God.
You can, yes.
The world is going to be correct somewhere.
Yes, and it's being put out by Gameloft. No word on when that's going to be out. I'm guessing this is probably going to be free to play when it comes out.
It sounds like a free to play game. So we'll have to wait and see. I think that was announced today.
I'll check it out. Yeah, it's probably part of D23. It was probably this weekend at some point.
I'll check it out. It sounds like fun.
Anyhow, last but not least before we get to the classic game of the week, we'll talk about Nintendo and why they don't do annual franchises.
I mean, let's be real. Nintendo does have a tendency to always put out that Mario game or that Zelda game or a Mario Kart game.
But they don't do it every year. We're not talking like Madden, FIFA, Call of Duty, Assassin's Creed. Nintendo's really not at that level.
And why is that? Talking to the examiner, the executive VP of sales at Nintendo of America, Scott Moffett said,
We tend not to annualize our franchises. There's not a new Mario Kart every year.
What we've tried to do with the Wii U is first create a fully featured, really enjoyable game that is something for everybody,
has surprises that you'll discover as you play through levels, and it gives you a good amount of quality entertainment.
For fans who love Mario Kart, we've released extra content over time so that it keeps the game fresh and allows them to experience more than they could when they originally bought the game.
That's the approach we take. Rather than annualizing the franchise, we're periodically releasing new courses, levels, and features that keep people playing.
We see a huge surge in gameplay hours on Mario Kart when we release new content.
We take different approaches with different franchises. If you look at the Pokmon franchise, we've released multiple core games for 3DS.
We like to give Pokmon fans something every year, but something like Mario Kart or Smash Brothers, there may be only one version of that franchise in the whole console cycle.
It all depends on the franchise, the developer, and what new ideas they can bring to the franchise to move the gameplay forward and keep the franchise fresh.
I think we always need to innovate and we need to always bring new ideas and new thoughts, but they have to be sufficient enough to justify the next release.
Small incremental changes may not be worth a whole new release.
I like that perspective. I still feel like this is a lot of new ground for Nintendo because that whole enhancing the game that's already out there through DLC is something really unique to this generation with the 3DS and the Wii U.
That's not something Nintendo's really been able to do before, but certainly I do like the way that Mario Kart 8 lasted for 18 months through the game coming out.
Then you've got the Zelda DLC, then the Animal Crossing DLC, the 250cc. They've been giving little bumps to that game to keep it current without you having to buy Mario Kart 9 to get these courses.
That I can appreciate.
But they do that with every single game that comes out now. They act like, look, we take this really original approach about keeping our games fresh. Fuck you.
You know what? Seriously, you have done what every fucking publisher of a game has done for the last several years.
You release a game, you do updates for it, you release DLC, and you know what? Those publishers still do an annual series or whatever.
Let's put some more DLC out before it then.
I was gonna say, wait a minute, I don't get the anger because Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty, they do all of that. And they're yearly.
Exactly. That's exactly my point. Is that they're acting like this is some unique thing that they're taking a completely different approach when they're doing the exact fucking thing that everybody else is doing.
Would you rather, just to be clear, would you rather that there is a Mario Kart 9 and then a Mario Kart 10 next year and a Mario Kart 11 the year?
You wanna see Nintendo go annual so that there's more of it?
No, I'm saying if they're trying to, if they're gonna tout themselves as taking an original approach, make it fucking original.
Put more DLC out there. Make it so that there's a lot more tracks. Because people want more tracks.
I have to be honest though, and I truly believe this, I think Nintendo is putting some of the best DLC out there. Like their DLC is very well-rounded.
You know, those Mario, or the Mario Kart tracks are not just like some BS little additional thing to the game. Like it's a really impressive start.
No, I understand. They're not BS little additions to the game. Those would be the amiibos that are the meaningless BS things that they add to the game.
No, so they do spend the time putting out quality stuff for those games. And let's be honest, they put out quality games.
But, they're not doing anything unique. They're just doing what everybody else is doing. So stop fucking touting it.
Like, just say, listen, we're just doing what everybody else is doing and it's working for us. Cool. That's it.
You don't have to be like, listen, we're doing something completely different. We don't want to do it this way because, you know what, fuck it.
You would do it if you had the manpower to fucking turn out those games.
We use capabilities are limited and nobody's gonna say that. Nobody's gonna fucking do that.
It's because, listen, we put out another fucking game but we got a new system coming and we'll put out the game on that. So that's what it really comes down to.
Alright, let's travel back to a time when things were simpler. You know what, there was no patching. You put out the game and if it was fucked up, oh well.
That's why we tested things. It's the classic game of the week. Dark Soccer's gonna step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you ungrateful little brats.
Play this game and then get off my lawn. Get off my lawn while you're playing this game.
Just go play the game on someone else's lawn.
Go play, exactly. Go play the game on Loki's lawn. Alright, it's the classic game of the week and a very, very appropriate timed one this week, right, Dark Soccer?
Indeed. That's why I picked it.
In light of D23 and the announcement of Star Wars Land, or whatever it will be called, at the Disney parks, I've decided to go with the 1983 Star Wars game from Atari.
Atari is awesome.
So it was basically a first person space simulator and it had the, basically it was just the Attack on the Death Star over and over.
It was made with 3D color vector graphics and it is probably one of the best games of its age, especially since everything else around that time was all vector-y too.
And the music in it was really good, I mean, just for the built-in time.
The age has treated this game very well. Not a lot of games from this era have aged well, but I believe Star Wars is still a shitload of fun to play.
It is. And I love being able to find a game that's still in really nice, vivid condition.
So basically you go through the three attack phases. You are Luke Skywalker, or Red Five, as he pilots the X-Wing.
And you don't have to kill every enemy to advance, you just have to survive through the level.
So, you know, and every time that you get hit takes away one shield of the six that you start with.
So in the first game, you're in outer space and you have to do the dogfight with Darth Vader and TIE Fighters.
And the second one, you basically need to shoot down turrets. And the last one is the trench run at the Death Star.
The trench run stages are the best. Best, best, best.
And if you manage to destroy the Death Star without firing at anything except the exhaust port, you get the using of the force bonus.
Achievement. Achievements, guys.
So, it used voice samples from the movie. You had Mark Hamill, Alec Guinness, James Earl Jones, Harrison Ford, and R2-D2 and the growling growls of Chewbacca.
Thank you.
The world record actually has been set and reset several times.
In 1984, it was 300 million points in 49 hours, which is the world record for an individual.
2005, it went to 54 hours on the single credit with a score of 283 million. That's the longest endurance record, sorry.
And then a group played for 5 days, 2 hours and 26 minutes on the single credit to get the world record score of 1 billion and 12 points.
I love that it's 1 billion and 12.
Yeah.
So, as far as home versions, they were designed, well, the original was designed by Mike Hallie for Atari.
Parker Brothers converted it in 83 and 84 to 8-bit consoles and computers.
So, you have Atari 2600, 5200, the Atari 8-bit systems, ColecoVision, the Commodore 64.
The ColecoVision version was designed by Wendell Brown.
And I'm actually looking at what else Wendell Brown did.
Can I just say while you're looking that up how damn impressive this game was on 2600, all things considered?
I don't, I think I was missing one of the levels, I don't remember, but, like, for a 2600 game? Seriously, this game was great.
By the way, Wendell Brown did a bunch of Intellivision games.
Other conversions that were out in 87 and 88, we had Amiga, Atari ST, the Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, Acorn Electron, BBC Micro, and Enterprise 64.
Again, converted for the Atari 8-bits and Commodore 64.
There were Apple II, Macintosh, Commodore 64, and DOS versions in 1988.
The closest being the Amiga and Atari ST versions.
So, on the Nintendo GameCube Star Wars Rogue Squadron 3 Rebel Strike, you could also unlock this, Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
So, there you go.
Hey, I don't know if this is, like, on your resource or in your brain, but what was up with the hidden messages on the Death Star?
Like, if you looked really carefully, like, as you would zoom into the Death Star, there's usually, like, messages written on it.
Bye Atari, bye Atari, bye Atari, bye Atari.
Yeah, or like you would say, like, use the force, or like, there's all these, like...
They're not very hidden, but yeah.
Well, you know what I mean. Like, it's subliminal. Subliminal messages.
Yeah, worship Satan, smoke crack.
Drink your Oval Team.
What?
Drink your Oval Team.
Wholesome fun, wholesome fun. Bye Atari. Bye our games, dammit.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, the vector version of Star Wars by Atari.
The old school Star Wars Atari arcade game, which is seriously one of my all-time favorite games.
Seriously, Disney needs to bring back, you know, these old vector games, like Tron.
Right? Well, they had the Xbox 360 version of Tron, to be fair.
But anyway, Brad from Pod Culture, very excited about this pick, saying,
Best game ever, I will kick a puppy to have an arcade version of this.
Don't kick a puppy.
Dungeon Buster says, yay, vector Star Wars.
Fun fact, the control stick was also used in Atari's only laser-diss game, Firefox.
SG100Matt says, my summer camp as a kid had an arcade with a few games in it,
and one of the games they had there was this.
It was the sit-down cab, which is apparently hard to find.
Did you know, DarkSahara, they used to have, at the Sunrise Mall tilt,
this is how old that was, it was a long time ago, right?
They used to have a sit-down Star Wars cab.
I remember playing it when I was a kid.
Did you know, Rob, that they had a sit-down Star Wars cab at Crestview Lanes before they closed the arcade?
No, I did not.
I wonder if it's the one that used to be at Sunrise Mall.
Well, keep in mind, that's the same place they used to go play Air Guys.
That's awesome.
And Blazing Star.
I miss Crestview Lanes, that place was so amazingly ghetto.
Love that place.
I miss real arcades.
It's officially been torn down.
Yeah, I know.
It's gone.
What are they building, a Walmart?
Fuck, if I know.
Panera Bread.
Crestview Walmart.
Anyhow, alright, that's going to do it for this first half of the show,
but we have plenty more show to come,
including the FUGO Question of the Week, rapid fire news,
your emails, if there are any, because there weren't when I checked earlier.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, the FUs of the Week, and...
I'm really not that mad at long emails, y'all.
And Maple Bacon Chips.
And Maple Bacon Chips.
Maple Bacon Chips, eat them.
I will, during break.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio,
live on this Sunday evening, August the 16th, 2015,
with episode number 610 of our show already in progress.
We're going to get to some rapid fire news and your calls a little later.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
First, I thought I'd give you all a little bit of a personal life update in some ways,
because sometimes we talk about our personal lives on this show once in a while,
and this might actually give a little insight to some of the things I've been saying in the past couple weeks on the show,
because there was something going on that I kind of had to keep a secret,
but I don't have to keep it a secret anymore.
So I can actually say that this week, I'm going to talk about my day job.
I don't do that a lot on this show because I don't like to mix my day job with what we do here,
but certainly it's a big part of my life.
It pays the bills. It pays for this show.
But I actually resigned from my job of the past 14 years this week, and it's a job I've had longer than I've been doing OLR.
For the longest time, I could say my job is the thing I've had longest in my life,
longer than any relationship, longer than OLR.
Now, OLR is the longest thing I've had in my life as of this Friday because I get my two-week notice on Monday.
I do have another job lined up. It's not like I did not quit out of malice or anything.
I'm pissed off or anything. No, it's nothing like that.
It's just that I got an amazing opportunity with another company in the same field that I do now.
I don't get too much into the details of my work because, again, I just don't need people trying to find me at work.
That's very awkward. But I'm a corporate trainer by day.
So, yes, I get paid to talk to people all day long and teach them about the wide, wonderful world of our industry and all that.
So, I'm going to be doing corporate training for a similar type of company here in the area,
but it's more of a ground-level growth type of thing.
So, I'm very, very excited about it, even though that's a huge change.
So, I'm a little bit freaked out about it.
So, if next Sunday's show is cut just a little bit short so I can get to bed at a decent hour, you'll understand why,
because I got that going on.
So, yes, it's going to be some big changes ahead for me, but I'm very excited about it.
DragonCon is still on, despite all that.
I got a message from Travis Donovan over at Understation Live when I made the announcement that I was leaving the job and starting anew.
He's like, are you going to be able to go to DragonCon still?
I'm like, yes, yes. I worked that all out.
I told him up front, I already have plane tickets to Atlanta.
Can we work around that?
And they were very, very accommodating with that.
DungeonBuster in chat says,
Grats on class change. Distribute those new points well.
That's a great way of putting it.
Thank you very much, DungeonBuster. I appreciate that.
And that's Jonah to Matt says, good for you, Rob.
You deserve a better opportunity and we're all here to support you.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate that.
And I can say this, I don't work in the games industry.
We're going to get into a story a little later on that will probably tell you why I don't.
But in the meantime, let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki.
I wouldn't know anything about that there.
About working in the games industry and the radio show.
Yeah, I think we might have all shot ourselves in the foot on that, but we'll see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase PROFIT.
So this is kind of cool.
CGProticRed has released mod support for Witcher 3, the Wild Hunt.
And they have a nice picture of a unicorn with, looks like, star makeup on its eyes.
I don't know. That's pretty cool.
But yes, apparently you can use Nexus mods and you're able to incorporate all sorts of mods into the game now.
So look for those nudity mods right around the corner.
Not already there, I'm sure. First thing out the gate.
So, awesome.
This is kind of cool.
There's a Final Fantasy VII remake coming.
And no, I'm not talking about the one that Sony's doing.
This is actually a fan-made 2D action game remake.
And this is done by PD Design Studio.
They're a small indie developer.
And what they did is they put together a proof of concept playable demo that you can check out and play.
So, let's see.
The actual website that you can download that would be ffvii-reimagine.com.
And it looks pretty cool.
I watched the video, I haven't played the demo yet.
But I'd play that.
If they're going to be giving it away, sure, why not.
Yeah, play it now while it's still up on the internet.
Well, Loki, once it's on the internet, it'll always be on the internet.
It might just be a little harder to find than it used to be.
Darktedsuya in our chat saying,
That reminds me, I never did finish playing that fixed translated version of that Chinese bootleg Famicom edition.
Oh yeah, that didn't look very fun though.
Try saying that five times fast.
That didn't look very fun.
If you're a PlayStation Plus member, you're going to get some additional rock band songs with your pre-order.
So, you'll get ten exclusive tracks. Those include All That Remains, Divide, Blitz Kids, Run For Cover, Bring Me The Horizon, Throne, Dead Sarah, Mona Lisa, Duran Duran, The Reflex.
That's awesome.
Hell yes.
Janis Joplin, Move Over.
Hell yes.
Of Mice and Men, Would You Still Be There?
Oh Honey, Sugar You, Pantera, Cowboys From Hell, Live From the Monsters in Moscow Festival, and Seastick Steve, Summertime Boy.
And yes.
So basically, if you do a digital pre-order, you'll get a rock band 4 theme, and you'll be able to get those free songs.
Maybe an attempt to sway people who are like, I'm going to buy it on Xbox One because all of my songs are on 360. Because I'm in that camp right now.
So, my question is though, are the old instruments working with the new game? Because how the fuck are you going to play those songs if you don't buy the game?
I think I heard they're trying, and that's where things were at right at the last turn.
You might want to just avoid buying those songs right away and maybe, I don't know, think about it.
Because that does seem kind of a sticking point there. How does one buy that game digitally if there are no instruments for it?
Did they purchase those separately?
Maybe. We'll see.
Anyhow, moving on, talking about some of the news around the world of gaming.
This is a book that Loki's talked a lot about on the show, and I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with. Ready Player One.
And I think a lot of you are aware that they are turning this into a movie.
2017!
Steven Spielberg. You're very excited, aren't you?
Steven Spielberg is the one that's going to be directing this.
Well, in the book, which I must admit I haven't read, although I feel like I have because Loki's told me all about it.
You need to read it. I can load it to you.
I might actually take you up on that.
There's a character in the book named James Halliday who's kind of like, and correct me if I'm wrong, he's kind of like a Willy Wonka-esque kind of figure where he's the one that's putting him on.
Well, here's the crazy part.
Steven Spielberg, the rumor is out there, and granted this is coming from Ain't It Cool News, so here's an entire salt shaker to go with this rumor.
But the rumor is that Steven Spielberg is trying to court Gene Wilder to actually play this character who was Willy Wonka in the 70s version of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory or Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Didn't he quit acting after?
He did. So if he were to do this, this would be him coming out of retirement.
I believe he did do at least one movie after Gilda passed away.
I think he did something in the early 2000s, but after his wife, you guys may or may not know, he was married to Gilda Radner, one of the original Saturday Night Live players.
Hysterical woman. One of my inspirations, quite frankly. She's so fucking funny if you go back and watch just her old stand-ups and all that, but she tragically passed away.
Just listen to Let's Talk Dirty to the Animals.
Or just watch any Roseanne Roseannadanna sketch.
That's it. That's going to be the fortune cookie.
So anyway, go check that out. But anyway, ever since she tragically passed away, I think he really took over a lot of the charity work.
Gilda's Club and the things that she had left behind. So he hasn't been acting as much.
So for him to show up in this would be huge.
And the fact that it's like a video game 80s throwback thing is really cool if Gene Wilder would show up.
You seriously need to read the book. It's amazing.
I do.
I haven't read too much of it or listened to too much of Armada yet.
I'm not enjoying Armada as much as Ready Player One, but Ready Player One was exciting enough to where I just blazed through that.
What do you think of that casting? They're saying in chat, isn't Gene Wilder 82 years old? Yeah, he's 82.
I don't know if I'd see him as that character, but yeah, I still think it's cool.
They could cast it as somebody else and it would be fine, but it would be neat to see him.
As G-100 Matt wondering, I don't know how well he will fit. I have a feeling if they did it, it would be...
I don't want to say stunt casting, but it would definitely be for the fact that Gene Wilder is in the movie than maybe anything else.
I don't know. We'll see. Anyway, time will tell. They've got to start filming that real soon if it's coming out in 2017.
It's December 2017, so...
We have a little time.
Anyhow, did you know that Square Enix has a streaming game service because Loki didn't?
No, I did not know. I was like, what?
Even though we talked about it, it was a long time ago. We talk about it a lot on OLR. I forget all the things we talk about too.
Sometimes I have to go to Dark Tetsuya and be like, did we ever talk about this? He's the one that knows.
Yeah, it was episode number 487. What are you talking about?
So anyway, Square Enix is actually going to be shutting down Dive In.
It was a game streaming service that they actually had last year.
You probably haven't heard of it because it was only in Japan.
It's not something that they actually had here in the US. That's probably why many of you haven't heard of it.
Maybe AkumaJP has heard of it. I don't know. Or whoever else is in Japan listening.
This is a way that you could rent titles like Final Fantasy XIII or Season of Mystery on your iOS or Android device.
And so how much you pay for the games, that just depended on how long you wanted to play them.
But you would get free demos for 30 minutes at no cost.
Now, I can only sit here going Final Fantasy XIII with touch-only controls does not...
Well, then again, I guess to play Final Fantasy XIII, you really only need one button.
But for some of the other more complex games, you might, you know, I just...
A controller on the... I don't know. That's always been my bitch about gaming on the tablets, no matter if it's Apple or whatever.
It doesn't lend itself well to the tangible controls.
And so, you know, when a game is designed with touch controls in mind, it works really well usually.
But these games don't usually translate over very well.
But this is also Japan and not America.
And I know the culture, especially when it comes to mobile gaming and so forth, is very, very different over there.
But I just think the Final Fantasy Record Keeper lends itself much better to a mobile experience than maybe Final Fantasy XIII would.
But that's my opinion.
Hey, somehow I got a story about Mass Effect. I must have stole this one from Dark Sakura.
But it's a story about Mass Effect Andromeda, and I'm sure she already knows.
But how many of you guys heard about this?
Well, there was actually a little bit of a Q&A going on on Twitter this week, not officially.
But Chris Nguyen, who is part of the development team, actually was talking a little bit on Twitter about some of the information with the game.
Including, are there going to be any familiar faces in Andromeda?
And Chris replied and said, story-wise, it wouldn't make much sense.
So don't expect that you're going to get to see Garrus and Caden and Rex and all them all over again.
We kind of already knew that. It was going to be a completely different part of the galaxy.
You still can't help but wonder if maybe there will be a cameo or something.
No, but anyway.
Also, apparently, some of the combat in the game is going to feel very similar to Mass Effect 3.
Which I enjoy hearing that because I think, you know, I did not care for Mass Effect 1 as much as I did 2 and 3.
Very similar between the 2 and 3, especially.
I thought the combat was great in 3 and multiplayer. I love that an awful lot.
So, very cool.
So, Mass Effect Andromeda, just a few details there on Twitter this week.
AkumaJP responding to my comment about, I'm not sure how the mobile thing goes in Japan.
He says, in Japan, less is good. We play most game and train where we can only use one hand while standing.
And that could lend itself as to why.
You know, you get the image of the crowded train.
One hand is probably holding onto a pole or a little leather strap thing so you don't go flying through the train.
That probably makes a game like Final Fantasy 13 very hard to play in that rare case you are hitting more than one button.
Or, yeah, I was going to say, not in Final Fantasy 13's case.
You do have to move lightning around the screen at one point on the map.
Even if you are going down a tunnel, sometimes you have to turn left and right.
You get to Chapter 10 eventually when you're on the world.
Alright, anyhow. Dark Sakura.
Well, this is, hold on.
Sorry, apparently my boobs can no longer hold up the microphone.
Well, have we talked about on the show your makeover today?
We haven't brought that up on the show yet.
Dark Sakura, sorry to distract from the topic at hand, but you all want to hear about Dark Sakura's hair, don't you?
Dark Sakura got her hair did today and it looks great.
I put pictures on my Tumblr.
She has this fade, this red to black fade going on and it's very, like, Dark Sakura has been touching herself all night.
And don't take that dirty, you dirty birdies.
Meaning she's been petting her hair, going, my hair feels great, I can't stop touching my hair.
And it is, your hair is like, fantastic.
I've been telling everyone to touch my hair.
You have? Anyway.
Where were we? Gaming, news, yes.
I was trying to find my Tumblr for people.
Oh, for people that don't know your Tumblr.
Anyway, there is a suggestion that there will be a third Taiko no Tatsujin or Taiko Drum Master for Wii U.
There is WiiU3.Taiko-CH.net that will, I guess they're thinking about doing another one.
That's still speculation.
But it was found from, but the second one came out with WiiU2.Taiko-CH.net.
So, who knows.
Also, there's going to be a new Pachi Slot game, yay, Bayonetta, yay.
Sega just wants the Pachi Slot money.
Whatever.
And-
Your favorite's becoming Pachinko Machines.
It's not just Konami.
Not even just Pachi, they're the slots of Pachi.
They're Pachi sluts.
But not just Konami.
Hey, you watch it, she's a strong female.
She don't take no shit from no man.
That's right, she's not going to take your dirty mouth over there calling her names.
Anyway, Epic Games has a warning out to the community that there are going to be phishing attacks.
Or that there are phishing attacks.
Saying they're officially coming from Epic Games, but it's a lie.
Lies.
Don't click it.
You remember how we used to, way back in the early days of OLR, we used to not make fun of, but we used to, I don't know, riff on the Don't Copy That Floppy anti-piracy song.
I think that Dark Soccer needs a version that's like, don't click that link.
You want to know what happens next? Don't click that link.
Don't tink that link.
Alright, but one link we do need to click on this show is on over to our Facebook and our Google Plus pages.
Because every week on this show we like to do the Fugal Question of the Week.
We're going to head on over to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities and ask a question that's on our mind this week.
And we want to know your answers. And this week it has to do with Kingdom Hearts.
You know, we're riding on the high of the Big Hero 6 being announced today.
So we want to know, what do you want to see? What land do you want to see in the Kingdom Hearts game next?
I was really worried that I asked this question before, but I didn't find it in a search.
And many of you answered and nobody said, hey dummy, you already asked this last month.
So if I asked it, it's been a long time.
Anyhow, William Murderface says, I may be the dissenting voice here, but I don't want any other worlds added.
At this point the story is wrapping up and the original Kingdom Hearts lore needs to take center stage otherwise, in my eyes at least.
Square Wriste turning one of the best original series into another tired cash cow that they shoved references into for money and fan wank.
What's wrong with fan wank though? It's some of the best parts of Final Fantasy XIV or fan wank, just saying.
No, but I respect that perspective. Chad B. replied and said, if I could get Treasure Planet or Atlantis, that'd be perfect.
Going deep into the Disney library. Those were some movies about 10 years ago that unfortunately didn't do so well.
It was a dark period for Disney, but I know those movies have their fans.
Silent Tom replied and said, I would love to see the Guardians of the Galaxy in Kingdom Hearts.
I would love to see Groot hanging with Donald and Goofy.
That would be pretty amazing. Would you be down for that dark soccer, the Guardians of the Galaxy in Kingdom Hearts?
Maybe.
Maybe? I think so. I like that. Let's see.
Nemesis 47 replied and said, I say Toy Story should finally get a world or even just Pixar in general along with Star Wars.
Lightsaber Keyblade anyone?
That's California Adventure.
I'm excited for Kingdom Hearts 3 having a big Hero 6 world. I love that movie a lot and Sora with Baymax sounds awesome to me.
One thing Kingdom Hearts 3 must get back to having is Kingdom Hearts 1's difficulty.
I felt Kingdom Hearts 2 was too easy. So much I rarely died, but most of those were when I was fighting Sephiroth.
Tiger Claw says, I'd love to see some Marvel characters show up in the game. Big Hero 6 was originally a Marvel comic.
Rage Nator says, I'll be frank. I don't give two shits about Disney. I was never a fan.
That being said, I never bought a game that has Disney properties in it, including Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2.
That being said, whatever they announced next to be in Kingdom Hearts 3 doesn't apply to me.
Well, thank you very much for that very useful and insightful information, Rage Nator.
Andy R says, Star Wars or anything related to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Really anything that hasn't already been excessively covered in the previous games.
AKA, can we please not go to Aladdin, Hercules, 100 Acre Woods, etc. that have been featured multiple times already.
I agree with that.
Look, I love Hercules, but we don't need to go back to the Colosseum.
Degenerate Johnny says, You know, everyone is talking about Disney's recently acquired fantasies.
However, Disney has so many worlds that exist in its library, especially those of its original titles.
One world in particular that I wouldn't mind seeing in Kingdom Hearts 3 is, and I'm probably dating myself here, Babes in Toyland.
You are dating yourself, but I totally remember the 80s miniseries that they had of Babes in Toyland.
Because wasn't Keanu Reeves in that? I'm almost positive he was.
You know what I would really love, but we will never have it, because they butchered the movie anyway.
The Black Cauldron.
Oh, that'd be awesome.
Why isn't Dylan Wee a princess at the park? I mean, really.
Was the Labyrinth Disney? Or was that some other story?
Labyrinth was Jim Henson created that, but I think, I want to say Warner Brothers ultimately owns the rights.
Even though, you know, Disney bought Jim Henson. I want to say, I could be wrong, maybe somebody in chat wants to correct me, but I feel like Warner owns the rights to that.
Anyhow, more answers on Facebook.
Jodastar says, I think it'd be awesome to see some Star Wars in a new Kingdom Hearts.
Maybe build a Millennium Falcon gummy ship. How about that?
Let's see, and S.H.O. and Hunter Matt says, I'd love to see a Black Cauldron world. It's very dark and creepy, I wouldn't mind seeing that.
Probably very toned down now as a world.
We have this one other person here on Facebook, replying, totally not Loki.
I want a new Tron game, because of Tron and the lack of it in any new movies. Where's the rumored game I've been promised?
I totally agree with that guy, he's got great points.
Totally not Loki, responding to us there on Facebook.
It's Loki, just so you know. That was Loki responding on Facebook.
I think they got that.
Let's go over to Google Plus at Google.com slash plus orange lounge radio, because we did get a few answers over here as well.
And Act F says, Ducktalesland or Duckburg, please. That would be worlds colliding. Maybe that doesn't happen because of the Ducktales game? I don't know, but that would be very interesting.
Let's just start digging into the Miramax properties, the clumps.
Oh my god, Reddertainment says, Disney owned Miramax. Miramax world, because awesome. Didn't Miramax put out Pulp Fiction?
They did. Pulp Fiction world. That would get dark.
Mmm, that is a tasty burger.
I just want Samuel L. Jackson to shoot, I just want him to shoot Donald.
When Donald doesn't heal you, bam. You just shot Donald in the fucking face.
Oh, you guys. There it is, the Fugu question of the week.
Kill Bill world.
Yeah, Miramax has put out all of Quentin Tarantino's movies.
Clerks animated world, yes. 100% yes.
Oh god, that was on ABC.
Oh my god. Fuck, you know what, let's just get a new Clerks animated series.
How about just a fucking Clerks video game? That'd be amazing.
I just want a new series.
I wasn't even supposed to play this game today.
There's a new movie coming out.
Oh, that's right, there is a Clerks 3 happening, huh? You never know, anything is possible.
Isn't that supposed to be Kevin Smith's last movie, or at least he says?
Oh, it's always his last movie, whatever, I don't know.
He makes Oodles and Noodles podcasting now.
Anyway.
Alright, that's it for the Fugu question of the week. Let's get back into some news.
Add us on Facebook, add us on Google if you're still using Google.
Loki.
Alright, so I'm kind of disappointed to see that they're still continuing on with this lawsuit,
but the whole ZeniMax versus Oculus over, you know, I guess they say misappropriation of trade secrets,
that's going to be allowed to continue.
So this, of course, was back, got it, it was all the way back from 2014, back in May.
Basically, they have denied Oculus's attempt to have it dismissed.
So now the case will proceed.
In case you weren't aware, it was basically they're alleging that John Carmack, who worked at it,
had basically helped Oculus with the information that he received while working at ZeniMax.
On, I guess, similar technology or something.
Mmm.
They're trying to get in on that money.
It's going to be a hard thing to prove, though.
Probably because of that whole, uh, how this rolls online game sounds.
Alright, well, I wonder if it's going to turn into this.
Usually these things are settled outside of court.
They want that two billion dollars.
They're like, we smell some money.
If it goes to court, that means all that's going to be public.
That's going to be fascinating to see what happens with that, if that does go to court.
They even have John Carmack in a white Bronco, and I mean, it's just going to be a media frenzy.
And then he'll actually be putting an Oculus on his head.
If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.
If the headset doesn't fit, you must acquit.
Alright, anyway, moving on.
Did you know that the PlayStation Plus service is actually rising in price in some parts of the world?
Not everywhere, but it is happening in some places.
Apparently, though, of course, if you already are locked into a twelve month subscription,
you don't have to worry as much, but it is something you should be concerned about still.
Could Sony be raising the price in other parts of the world?
Because right now this change is only happening in Europe and the UK,
but could a price change for everyone else be far behind?
It is going up by fifty pence a month,
or the three month sub is going from $11.99 to $14.99 in the local currency there.
So could this be something that's going to end up happening in the States,
where the price of the service could rise?
I would say certainly it's not out of the question.
It's not out of the question, but people are going to still question,
you know, what is it that you're giving to me?
Because I understand they could say inflation, but what more are you giving me for my money?
Well, kind of judging the way Sony's delivered similar news like this in the past,
I think they'll be very good about really softening the blow and burying it under other news.
Like, for example, that historic E3 where they basically came out and slapped Microsoft in the face at their press conference,
they also said, you're going to have to have PlayStation Plus in order to play online.
You didn't need that before, but because everybody was riding the high about,
oh, the system's going to be $100 cheaper and all this other stuff, nobody cared.
Nobody cared also because you got all these free games along with it.
And I still don't care because I get all these free games along with it.
I feel like if Sony's going to announce the price is going up, they're going to soften that blow by being like,
did you know as a PlayStation Plus subscriber, you now have access to your PlayStation 2 and PlayStation library?
I'm pulling something out of thin air.
2 and 3 library? Okay, that's fine. Five bucks more a month?
Exactly.
Or a year or whatever?
As a part of our all new PlayStation Plus plan rolling out this year, PlayStation Plus Gold for 14, you know, or whatever they do,
they'll, they'll do something to just bury that news a little bit.
Just wait. Just wait.
Anyhow, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, you know what? I accidentally closed the story because I'm stupid.
That's all right. You want to reopen it real quick?
Yeah.
I could just let Loki ran a little longer if you need it.
Talk about the story.
Okay. Well, I think that Loki would have a very good rant about this.
Basically, we've been hearing about it all day. Bobby talked about it on his show.
A Nintendo localizing editor, Chris Pranger, is it Pranger or Pranger? Anyway, was on a podcast and he got fired for it.
He was on the Part Time Gamers podcast on August 3rd and just kind of, I guess, talked really openly about being at Nintendo.
Didn't really say anything terrible and they still fired him for it.
And he was pretty gracious about the whole thing.
I mean, but still, I guess, got to ask for permission.
That's why I don't tell a dang soul where I work unless I know you or have a very significant reason to tell you why.
And I still don't tell people what I do.
And a good reason why I, you know, and earlier I mentioned this, I was talking about my job changes that I don't really like to talk about my day job just because I'm not like, you know, if it weren't for my day job, I wouldn't have this.
So I'm not going to mix those worlds together. I'm just not.
And I don't work in the gaming industry and I'm totally OK with that because it allows me to say whatever I want about it, you know, and so I don't have to worry about those types of recourse.
That being said, I used to do it all the time.
Yeah, I know. But you were in a different scenario.
You weren't actually making the games. It was a little different.
And on top of that, I am damn proud of my job.
And it took a lot of work for me to get there and to get where I am now.
And I'm not going to jeopardize it for anything.
Right.
Not even the cool factor.
Right.
Because I work somewhere pretty cool.
Well, and you have to wonder, like, why?
I mean, I don't want to I don't want a dog on this guy because I really believe he was probably helping a friend out, you know, who maybe had this show and was, again, probably just defending a company he really loved.
And, you know, saying the things that I think a lot of us are sitting here going, we kind of wish Nintendo would say it.
I think there's a lot of us that have been sitting here going.
It's kind of a nice change of pace to see somebody from Nintendo defending themselves a little more openly like this.
I don't think anybody, you know, dislike this guy or what he said or anything like that.
But unfortunately, Nintendo took a huge issue to it because that's not the public face that they choose to put forward.
And although a lot of us get frustrated that Nintendo is such a fucking clam sometimes with this stuff, that's their choice to do that.
And if they're going to fire an associate for opening their mouth when they didn't have the permission from corporate, then that's their prerogative.
But you can tell this guy is crushed and he's like, I made a dumb mistake and I could have ruined.
He said he made a stupid mistake is what he said.
Now, I'm hoping there'll be another company out there that can maybe, you know, find a good fit for this guy because, you know, he's obviously very passionate about what he does.
Maybe Sega, because I want to say the Sonic the Hedgehog account actually tweeted something of this guy.
Maybe he'll be able to land in the gaming industry after all and he can kind of learn from this.
Maybe he can go to a company where he can talk more openly.
Maybe he can go to Microsoft.
Microsoft does have public figures out there.
They used to have a lot more until they cut a lot of them back, but at least they have Major Nelson out there who talks pretty openly.
Maybe he can find a role like that somewhere else and I hope for this guy's sake he does because I just, it's just kind of a bummer.
But that's also why, and I just want to mention this, you know, we've been fortunate enough where, you know, I do have friends in the game industry.
You live in Northern California, you're going to know somebody that have come on this show.
And if they're indie developers, that's why we like interviewing indie developers.
Because especially when it's just one guy or a small team, you know, they'll talk about whatever you want to know.
Open book, you can ask whatever. We get a lot accomplished with those.
But even my friends who work for the larger developers, you know, okay, I respect that they have talking points they have to stick to.
And so I try in those interviews not to necessarily ask about, you know, what are the big secrets in the game you can't tell us.
Because I don't want to get my friends fired. That's just being an adult.
Like I'm not going to, you know, I'm not Barbara Walters or Diane Sawyer who can get a no holds barred interview.
So when I get friends in the industry, I usually just kind of like to talk about, you know, don't, you don't have to tell me specifics about your game.
Give it a plug. Let us all know that you worked on it and you're proud of it.
But then let's talk about like you and the industry and what goes into that.
That's the conversation I like to have here is, you know, let's, let's just talk about things in a more general term and so forth.
Because, you know, I don't necessarily need to have those sorts of secrets.
So I, and I have not heard the interview, just a big disclaimer.
But I really hope if this guy was friends with the hosts of this show, I really hope the hosts didn't bait this guy.
I hope the hosts took it up. And again, I haven't heard it. So I'm, I'm just saying, I hope when I do hear it, I will see that this is clear.
I hope the host talked to this guy in advance about the, what can we and can we not talk about and didn't do it for the ratings.
Because if he did it for the ratings, that's a tacky way to treat a friendship.
But again, I haven't heard it. Maybe I'm just, I just wanted to throw that out there, though, for anybody with a podcast out there who might have a potential guest like in the future type of thing.
Like, talk about the borders. Because I know there's plenty of people out there that are like, well, when you have an interview, you should be able to ask whatever you fucking want.
No, no, no, that's not how the world works, people. Because this is what happens.
Professionals are professional. End of story.
We talked about this a little bit on the Bobby Blackwell show. This is not unique to video games. Tom Cruise is out there promoting Mission Impossible.
What the hell is the latest one called? The Rogue Legacy? Isn't that a video game?
Rogue I think is just what it is.
So anyway.
I don't care. It has Simon Pegg in it. The movie.
Anyway, if you're going to interview Tom Cruise about Mission Impossible, you're signing a waiver that you will not ask about Scientology.
Well, no, seriously, they take all this stuff seriously, and especially if they answer the shareholders and stuff. I remember when I was excited about, what was it?
Advanced Warfare, back when they called it. What the fuck was it called? I don't remember what it was. It was, I don't remember the code name for it, but I was talking about what my boss was singing at the PlayStation event or whatever they go to.
And yeah, that got some big trouble there. Lawyers contacting our work and stuff like that had the signed stuff basically saying I wouldn't talk any more about it.
And they were very cautious about it. I mean, they just have to take all that stuff seriously, so I can understand, even if you didn't say anything bad, they could be taking that very seriously.
So you just got to be careful.
Thankfully they don't work anymore, so I can do whatever I want now.
Some comments from our chat room over at live.vagadetwork.com. Sg100matt saying, we've laid off people at my job for tweeting or sharing things online that may be trivial, but make the company look bad regardless.
As much fun as it seems to maybe be an insider, you can't trust the internet. DungeonBuster says, there's a reason there's PR department and handlers. With today's social media, it's not unusual anymore for prospective employers to start looking at your online history as a matter of course.
So it's all very true from our comments over there. So in some ways it's a good thing that I keep my day job very separate from this because it allows me to do whatever I want here on this program. I don't have to worry about it.
Something something Microsoft employees something something always online something that doesn't matter. I think that's what it comes down to. Remember that whole debacle?
Oh yeah when Microsoft was on script that whole E3 and then literally a week later they reversed course because they were able to get an award.
No no no I was talking about the guy that like I forget who it was that you know is basically you know getting into arguments with people over Twitter.
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
You know being this isn't being always online and I don't know.
I remember that.
All right let's move on. Some more stories for you guys before we get to your phone calls. Some people in chat want to call in about this.
1877 game OLR username on Skype orange lounge radio. But first a few more stories. Loki.
So they're putting out a Star Wars PlayStation 4 bundle. I should say maybe a couple bundles.
So there's going to be one I know with Disney infinity with it and then they're also going to be doing one with Battlefront the deluxe edition.
And then they also have a Star Wars classic collection which includes four downloadable Star Wars games that are kind of being redone in HD.
I'm trying to see which ones they are. It's hard to see it based on.
I think it's a Super Star Wars something.
Star Wars bounty hunter star fighter and something revenge. I can't.
Oh it's right here. Super Star Wars bounty hunter and Jedi star fighter racer revenge.
That'd be cool pod racing game on the PlayStation 4. Pretty cool I bet.
So yeah you can get that and it's got a cool controller that has like a red d-pad and some of the buttons are red.
And Darth Vader is on the actual console.
I don't know about this whole the old retro games being available on PS4. That's kind of a neat little twist.
I'm sure they're going to be selling them separately because their vouchers that download them so that only makes sense.
I guess that's true. It's only a matter of time.
I would love to get a Darth Vader PlayStation 4 if I didn't you know already have a PlayStation 4.
So anyhow.
Just buy the game.
Sadly not coming to PlayStation 4 anytime soon. We already knew Guillermo del Toro and that whole PT project he was doing with Kojima.
We already knew that was that was pretty much done and that's not going to happen.
But Guillermo del Toro this week saying you know what.
Peace out. I'm done with video games. 100 percent done.
And this is in an interview with Shaq News he said I have proven to be the albatross of video games.
I joined THQ and THQ goes broke.
I joined Kojima and Kojima leaves Konami.
I have decided in order not to destroy anyone else's life.
I have decided I will never again get involved in video games.
Never say never.
Otherwise I'll join someone and his house will explode or something.
Hey Guillermo del Toro you ever been interested in making a Skylanders game.
Just out of curiosity.
Kidding. Kidding.
Well I mean who can blame the guy. He's been fucked over how many times now.
Twice.
Can you blame him.
Twice.
Two times.
Except like.
Twice.
I'll say fool me once shame on you fool me once.
Isn't the story of the albatross that as long as you keep the albatross alive it was good luck.
And when they killed the albatross then all the bad luck happened.
Perhaps.
So don't kill the albatross keep trying.
I just don't.
Whatever.
You know what he just says that now because it's something to say.
I mean I think if you know Kojima is like hey let's make a Silent Hill game.
I need your help.
He's like OK.
I also.
Yeah I feel like he's 180 on this question.
I think he's just like just something to say because he's angry or he's he's frustrated right now.
And that's kind of his response.
I don't think there's really anything to it.
Well Gamut of Toro I know you don't listen to this show but if anyone who knows him happens to listen to this show.
Just.
You know.
We would.
Go to Kickstarter.
Seriously I know I don't usually embrace the whole Kickstarter thing but I think we all know it's an inevitable conclusion.
That if you and Kojima went to Kickstarter and said we want to make a PT inspired game.
Millions of dollars would be thrown at you.
Just make a Pan's Labyrinth game or something like that.
Seriously.
Or make a game that has giant mechs fighting the monsters from Pan's Labyrinth.
You know that would be cool too.
I can say the players definitely want to play a Gamut of Toro game.
The corporate culture.
Yeah.
They're being dumbasses.
But if for what it's worth Gamut of Toro.
We all hate Konami right now.
So just.
Hey but you know what.
You're not alone.
They might want to license one of your properties into a patinko machine or a slot machine or something.
Sit down and be quiet.
I'm sitting down.
Do the other app.
Dungeon Buster says.
Seriously.
Kojima and Del Toro on Kickstarter would probably melt their servers.
You guys thought Shenmue 3.
Maybe that's what Sony has planned for the Playstation experience.
Get Kojima and Del Toro up on the stage.
Watch the internet just fucking explode.
Offline.
Done.
We're done.
Everybody went to the rapture.
No for real.
It's done.
Everybody's gone.
Alright.
So Del Toro we hope you'll take another try at the video game industry.
Because I think a lot of us would like to check out these things that you had to create.
In the meantime you guys create.
Sometimes.
Emails to send our show.
You can email our mailbag.
Participate at Orangeloungeradio.com if you want to participate with the show.
Again that email address is participate at Orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag and finds the emails worth reading.
Of which I think there is one.
There's one.
Uno.
This one comes from Raginator.
Hi OLR it's your friendly neighborhood Raginator.
Some of you in the VoG community may already know I've just started playing Final Fantasy
XIV on Wednesday the 12th.
About damn time right?
Anyways naturally I'm not too far into the game only having leveled my Lalafell Thaumaturge
to level 3 and did some quests.
Granted there's a bit of a learning curve.
Especially since my last major MMO was Final Fantasy XI.
But nonetheless I'm loving Final Fantasy XIV so far.
Next time we're all on game perhaps we can do some game content together.
My character's name is Good Something Rage.
Named after the Final Fantasy XI character.
You'll want to type that in chat it's very difficult to pronounce.
Yeah.
And he's on our server.
This email is brought to you by Loki's Rants and Sky's Epic Diva Fits.
What am I known for?
Like you had your diva fit.
Loki rants.
Correcting people's spell.
Yelling at emailers who do not use correct punctuation and grammar.
See?
Sorry you're gonna be the grammar Nazi.
No no no no no no no no.
Because I'm not gonna like mass murder people for it.
Even though you contemplated it maybe one time.
No comment.
I'm under NDA Rob.
I am your English teacher.
There you go.
You're the professor.
Professor Sakura here on the show.
My son said something the other day.
I don't remember what it was about but it's just so appropriate.
It was like he was complaining about something.
He's like yeah it's not good when people do that.
We should kill them.
I'm like that's a bit extreme.
It was something like they were walking behind our car or something like that when we were trying to back out or something.
Takes after daddy.
Something ridiculous like oh they're not driving fast enough on the freeways.
We should kill them.
I'm like no that's not a good idea.
That is a bit much.
Figure of speech.
I know what you're meant for Dark Sakura.
We talked about it earlier in the show.
I'm gonna miss yelling out something completely non-sensically related to the topic at hand.
What?
Exactly.
You know what we should have is goat titulater.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Exactly.
Alright there it is.
You're just jealous because my hair is pretty.
Your hair is pretty and like I said on your Facebook.
It's soft.
It feels like my cat.
It's on Facebook.
I wish I had hair for Moneta Style.
We'll get you a wig for Moneta Style.
It feels like my cat.
It does.
So you're over there feeling your pussy?
I'm just touching myself.
I thought it was a pussy cat.
Like the old cartoons I thought I saw a pussy cat.
Shut up I'm just touching myself.
I'm stroking my hair in a comforting fashion.
We need to get on Periscope so we can Periscope you petting yourself.
You know what?
Fuck the internet.
She's doing a lot of heavy petting over there.
Can't help it.
I love it.
Can somebody put that on one of those inspirational posters in quotes?
Fuck the internet.
Dark Sakura.
Like maybe like a little picture of a sunset or a kitten.
Like a big thing of kitten.
And she used the kitten the one like the I want you to pet me but I sort of want to bite
you.
That kitten.
We'll just get that picture of Midna that looks like she's rolling her eyes.
Do we have an image contest on Twitter this week?
Can you do a Dark Sakura motivational poster?
I want you to take a quote from Dark Sakura and do a motivational poster and tweet it
at OLR.
With eagles.
For sharks.
We'll send you a Destiny Red Bull quote.
Sharks and eagles.
I had a lot of them and I threw them all away.
I'll give mine up.
We'll send you a Destiny Red Bull quote.
I'm sure I will have more.
I know I have more because I have at least one more in the car.
There it is.
Tweet it.
We don't do enough on Twitter.
Tweet them at OLR and be sure to use the period in front so everybody can see your motivational
poster.
And they have to be at least make sure there are no artifacting in them.
And you have to use the official motivational poster font.
Do it in MS Paint for all I fucking care.
Don't fucking use Comic Sans or I will murder you in your sleep.
There's a quote right there for you to use on a poster.
Don't use Comic Sans or I will murder you in your sleep.
I won't really murder you in your sleep.
But I'll think about it.
You know with some of those computers that they have that run Android and stuff like
that that are about the size of a USB thumb stick that you can basically attach to your
TV.
One could insert that into an orifice and literally fuck the internet.
So I mean it is technically possible to fuck the internet.
You know they have these vibrators that are called the iPod.
And they hook up to an iPod.
And iPods are internet capable.
So imagine if you ran Spotify you would be fucking internet music.
Although if you're sticking out sorts of foreign objects up there you may be doing a little
bit of Spotify anyways.
Akuma JP in chat says this is how I'll introduce OLR from today.
You know you should listen to OLR except this episode.
Dartitsia can we get a note on the wiki where it says episode 610.
Don't just skip this one.
You know what you're better off skipping this episode.
There's 609 other great episodes for you to listen to.
My coworkers are starting to realize that.
Well I did post about we have an official like listen to these podcasts forum in our
little social network crap.
And I did post our show.
So like you know they know I do it.
Why did you do something so stupid like that?
Why?
My industry has nothing to do with this show.
That's true.
That's true.
Me too.
So that's the good news.
Alright if that's it for the mailbag tonight I don't know how Raginators look.
I'm playing Final Fantasy 14.
Email went to use Comic Sans and I'll murder you in your sleep.
But that's what happens here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Who came up with Comic Sans?
It was from Microsoft Bob wasn't it?
It was a fun whimsical font.
In part also done because the kerning for it fit their certain text pattern.
It was something like that.
It actually was to be kerned a certain way.
Do you know what kerning is internet?
It's the space between your letters.
You called me a nerd earlier in the show.
You know what I watched today?
Or I introduced my son into?
Reading Rainbow.
And you know what the second or third episode they had?
They had people like actually inking and...
Calligraphy?
No they were inking comic books and doing the lettering and stuff.
And I'm like wow this is so relaxing just to watch them do this.
Okay if you just want to like sit and chill just like put on enigma and watch people do calligraphy.
You just won't move for a few hours.
I thought that's what the food network is for in general.
No cause then Paula Deen's face will show up and then you'll want to die.
It doesn't show her anymore.
And Guy Fairey's hair.
It's that other chick.
What the hell's her name?
Oh god.
Rachel Ray.
At home with...
What's her name?
What?
That's it?
Was it Giada De La Cruz?
Yes.
Or is it the other one?
You know what I just thought of?
I saw the great meme on tumblr that was like and if you can't summon the fires of hell
just go get one at the store.
No no no no that's not Giada.
That's you're thinking of god damn it's been a while now because she actually has cocktails
now too because she does this little thing cocktail time at the end of her show and she
actually has cocktails now they're called cocktail time.
Barefoot Contessa.
Thank you.
That's it.
Thank you Orange Wright.
No it's not the Barefoot Contessa either.
That's who I'm thinking of though is Barefoot Contessa.
But you know could you just imagine the ultimate evil would be Paula Deen's face and Guy Fairey's
hair.
There's another motivational poster for you.
That is the thing I will see in my nightmares.
She should just have a shirt that says butter y'all.
But I swear to god Food Network when an unwrapped marathon happens I could just I could just
watch that all night with a big bullet.
Seriously if you can't get Gene Wilder to play you know the guy in the Ready Player
One movie Mark Summers.
Let's get Mark Summers.
Oh hell yeah.
I'll take the physical challenge.
All right let's get to the F.U.'s of the week.
Big F.U. to having to get up at 6 a.m. done.
Loki?
I guess F.U. to my new hours because I have to work like 10 to 7 and then I work Saturdays
now which is kind of lame and I get Thursday off instead.
So F.U. to that and then also kind of just talking about Mark Summers there and just
thinking about Food Network.
It would be so amazing for them to redo double there like that would make it all grandos
like you know Iron Chef like have him just standing up there like take the physical challenge
and just like.
I volunteer to host.
That would be my dream.
My dream job is game show host.
Anyway my F.U. of the week goes to the fact F.U. to the fact that I am not a game show
host but at least I have this show we play games on this show so it's close and F.U.
to food because I eat a lot of it and it's really delicious and then I have to do walks
and laps and run and stuff to burn said food off and it's really irritating.
Anyway by the way Dark Soccer I don't know if you noticed in chat you see that the first
motivational poster is in from Dungeon Buster.
There it is from our chat room.
Little angry cat and it says Internet.
Fuck the Internet.
There it is.
The first Dark Soccer motivational poster is in.
Good job Dungeon Buster.
Love it.
There it is.
You like that one.
I'm proud.
All right.
Oh cute little.
I want to poke its nose.
All right.
I'll put that on her Twitter right now while Loki gets into another news story here.
Very well done.
All right.
So this is kind of cool.
You know.
And funny enough I actually watched the movie again this weekend.
But Kung Fury Street Rage is out on PlayStation 4.
If you're unaware it was a game that was released around the same time as the Kung Fury movie
on YouTube and it was a game that was on Steam.
You can check it out now.
It's very similar to.
God I'm trying to remember the name of the game now.
It's another fighting game.
It's very similar to it.
It's kind of like a rhythm fighting game.
And it's only $1.99.
So go ahead and check it out.
It's pretty fun.
How many times have you watched Kung Fury now?
At least a dozen times.
Probably more than that.
I would totally watch more of it.
But I've seen it so many times now.
I can quote it all.
For the most part.
I'm waiting for them to screen that on a big screen.
All Rocky Horror Pictures in style.
I backed it on Kickstarter.
So I have a Blu-Ray coming at some point.
I don't know what the point is.
I've already watched it millions of times with them.
Alright. One more story for you guys.
We're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
But getting to this story first.
And this has to do with Fallout 4.
And some footage that showed up on the internet.
But you know how it goes.
You put footage up on the internet and the copyright holders are going to take it down real fast.
So some Gamescom gameplay footage made it onto the internet on YouTube.
But Bethesda, they pulled that stuff down real quick.
But did you know that folks who want to put this footage on the internet
they will sometimes go to other places where Bethesda is not as quick.
And I'm not talking about the mail or anything like that.
I'm talking about Pornhub.
That's right. The Fallout 4 footage was hosted on Pornhub for a little while.
It is now finally down.
But there were at least 73,000 people that got to view this before they pulled the plug on this.
And the greatest thing about it were some of the tags that were on this thing.
Yes.
Now posted on the Pirate Bay.
Point of view. Roleplay. Shooter. Shitty camera. Thanks, Mr. Skeltyl.
I love that. That people are turning to places like Pornhub and just like all these random ass places to put the footage.
I guess instead of watching that video you're going to have to watch Lesbian Ass Slick.
Which is apparently to the left of where the video would be.
Fallout 4. Lesbian Ass Slick. What's it going to be today? I don't know.
But hey, the thing is though, since it is on the internet, there may be another, they may put it somewhere else.
Yes, they may put it somewhere else. That's right. The video, that is.
Oh, Jesus. Alright. I thought you were still talking about the lesbians.
Anyhow, that is definitely going to do it for the news section of our show.
It's time. Skypline time. 1877 Game OLR. Or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't know if you want to call in to tonight's show, but if you want, there it goes.
I must sadly depart, because my ass has to be up super early tomorrow.
Dark Sakura's on her way out for the night. A final thought from you tonight, Dark Sakura.
Um, my hair feels good.
Keep petting your hair. Keep stroking that hair.
I feel pretty.
And witty. And hey, we're getting another phone call.
On the line right now by Dark Sakura. Have a great night.
Let's get to the phones. We've got a call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on? It's Rama.
Hey Rama, how you doing?
Tired. You're tired? You sound tired.
You sound tired. You look tired. We can see the video on our in-studio Skype here. You look tired.
You've had it. Yeah.
It's also kind of late there on the East Coast. What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Um, I'm going to make this quick, because I don't know if y'all have heard about this, but did you hear about the $200 PlayStation 4?
Oh, oh god. Is this the whole scheme where people were taking the...
It was like Best Buy had the Xbox One and HDTV bundle.
But some people were like, well, fuck that. I don't want an Xbox One.
So they would return the Xbox One to Play... Oh, no? I thought that was that.
All right, well, tell me your version.
Kmart marked down the PlayStation 4 to $200.
Oh, well, Kmart's got to get business somehow. That's not news.
And people went to Target, Best Buy, and Walmart, and pretty much got them to price match it, including the bundles.
Ooh. Ooh. Oh, boy.
Can they mark down, like, the weird of 50 bucks, please?
I'm waiting till it drops to 25.
Wait, so was it an accident, or was Kmart serious about that?
Kmart's dead serious. They actually marked the price down to $200.
Damn.
If you go to Kmart's website now and look up PlayStation 4, it'll say $200, but they're sold out.
Well, gee, I wonder why. That's a hell of a deal.
I bet people are buying them just to take them back to a different store and get, like, a cash card for Walmart or something.
Yeah, but there is one problem with that.
Uh-oh. What's that?
When you buy a console, they also scan the serial code, so if you return it somewhere else and that serial doesn't pop up in the system, they never sold it.
Ah. Well, that's a good thing, because people that do that are a little shady, and I don't think people should take advantage like that, because it ruins it for the rest of us.
Definitely.
They have better intentions.
Well, to finish what I was saying, there was a bit about people would buy this Xbox One and TV bundle from Best Buy, and then they sold the Xbox One back to Target and then turned around and bought a PlayStation 4 with it.
It was crazy.
Wow.
But, yeah, surprisingly enough, the thing you're talking about, I guess, didn't work. I guess they weren't scanning the codes or, I don't know, maybe they got away with it somehow.
Well, I do know that the people I've spoken to, friends of mine on my Facebook, they have actually gone out and gotten the $200 console, but as always, everybody's price-matching policy is slightly different.
Where it's gotta be the exact model, or like Target, I believe, Walmart, they're a little bit lenient, so they're like, okay, here, it's the same price, here you go.
Wow. Yeah, Fry's has a price-matching policy as well. I know I've price-matched Amazon a ton of times with them, so I wonder if they were doing it too. Jeez.
Well, I've got a friend that works over at Target. I'm gonna find her in the morning. I'm gonna have to make the schlep out to Staten Island to pick one up.
Wow, interesting. Well, I don't know what to think about that. That's crazy. I would say go to Kmart and get one. I don't know what they think in pricing that so low.
My god, they must really be desperate for business.
I didn't see it listed on there anymore when you tried to pull up the system.
Yeah, maybe they pulled it.
Well, if you're on my personal Facebook, if you go back a little bit, I shared it late last night, early this morning.
Gotcha.
I was digging up and posted it in the chat.
Tigerclaw in chat says the Kmart I go to doesn't have any video games or consoles. They got rid of that stuff. Yeah, I heard some of them did.
I'm not surprised by that because don't you remember about a good three, four years ago Kmart had like that blowout sale.
Yeah.
And they had like the Guitar Hero bundles, all that. Yeah, at that time, a lot of the Kmarts were pretty much closing out their gaming departments.
Same thing with Sears.
Yeah, because Kmart and Sears are the same company. So, Sears did that same move.
And I remember Sears was the place I got my Nintendo years and years ago, when people went to Sears more often.
Let's see, bonds006 in chat says this is a perfect example of where the internet does not exactly help.
Since when does the internet was able to successfully help?
It's very rare.
I'm saying.
Very rare.
All right, Rahm, any other thoughts for us before we let you go?
I need more cough drops. Training today killed my voice.
Yikes. Well, feel better, okay? I know how that goes. If I'm out of practice, it kills my voice.
I will because I got one of these.
Oh, look at you show off. He's showing off his brand new, can I say what it is?
Yeah, it's a Surface tablet.
A brand new Microsoft Surface right there.
Yeah.
Beautiful. All right. Well, have fun with that. I'm going to let you go so we get more calls.
Cool. Awesome. Thanks a lot, guys.
Take care, my friends. Bye-bye.
Bye.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. I hope Rahm makes it to MAGFest.
I would like to be reunited with Rahm once again.
Early next year in February or whenever MAGFest is. I forget.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. Let's do some last minute stories. Loki.
So Fallout Shelter came out on Android and it's been hacked already.
Don't bother to try to get a high score in the game because there's a guy, some douchebag named Jake Polley that...
I love that you just name him.
Yeah, he's in the picture. He hacked the game and he is at the top of the leaderboards with one billion points.
One billion happiness.
One billion points.
And two billion score.
How rude. Again, 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, Brad from Pod Culture sent me this story here in chat, but it's since been updated.
So I guess I'll just give this clarification out there.
Supposedly the headline says Microsoft can remotely disable pirated games if you run them on Windows 10.
And as you can imagine, this made a lot of people go, what? Windows can do that to your software?
But an update was just put out that says Microsoft can block your access to services like Bing or Xbox Live,
but it cannot remotely disable a copy of a third party software installed on your hard drive.
They can block my access to Bing?
Oh, no.
You can't go to Bing. Oh, no. How will I not use Bing anymore? Oh, wait.
So there you go. It sounds like some clarifications there on the Microsoft use policy.
I will put one more call out there for calls, and then we'll wrap it up. 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, any last minute stories that you have?
Uh, no.
No. All right. ActDeft apparently has just come up with his own motivational poster he wants to share here in chat.
And there is a little angry bird, an actual angry bird that says Internet. Fuck it.
There it is. More dark soccer motivational posters, courtesy of chat. A plus work, you guys. A plus.
All right. Last call for realsies. 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
Some week we, like last week, didn't we get like 18 calls back to back? We couldn't even take them all this week?
Yeah.
No, just Rama. Rama wants to say hey. Everybody else being shy.
Next week on the show, trying to finalize this, but I'm hoping we're actually going to,
and unfortunately I can't tell you exactly who yet until I know for sure we've got them confirmed.
But you know our pal Marissa does a lot in the voice acting world right now.
She's trying to get some of her friends who've worked on games to come on the show.
So we may have some voice actors on the show next week. So I'm looking forward to that.
Stay tuned to our Facebook and our Twitter feed for more updates as soon as we know who we've got confirmed for next week's show.
We are looking at that. That should be exciting if you want to learn anything about voice acting in video games.
So there you go. Alright, well sadly the Skype line is not opening up, so I guess I'm going to shut it down.
I guess that's that. I think Dark Sakura leaving just ended the show. How dare she, Loki? She ruined it.
I can't believe it. I guess we're just left here to our maple bacon chips.
Yeah, I like them, but they don't taste like maple bacon. They just taste like barbecue.
They do. They taste like barbecue. They don't taste like maple bacon at all. Maybe just like a little hint, but it's like hardly anything at all.
Alright, well as I always say at the end of the show, thank you so much for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And if you like the show, please tell a friend or two about the show, because all we have is word of mouth.
I'm not Kevin Smith. I didn't direct really funny popular movies that are out there.
And also unpopular movies like Geely.
That's right. I never had Jennifer Lopez in anything I did.
So please tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word.
Five star reviews go a long way. We haven't had any in a while.
So please consider, you know, on iTunes, just say five stars.
And I get so much inspiration from Dark Sakura every week on OLR. It'd be great.
Also on Stitcher Radio or wherever it is you heard about this show will go a long way.
And we really appreciate all of that.
But that's going to do it for this week at Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
We already had Dark Sakura's, so I guess me, I'll go next.
And my final thought for the night is I kind of miss Final Fantasy XI.
I know I'm all about Final Fantasy XIV, but looking at this XI poster on the wall
and hearing Rage Nator talk about it earlier, maybe a bit nostalgic.
And they're practically giving it away at this point.
I keep getting emails from their...
Yeah, but they're not giving it away yet.
Please come back and play. It was free for like two weeks.
I don't know if you saw that, Loki. Maybe you don't get those emails.
No, I don't get those emails apparently.
Yeah, it was like if you ever had an account you can play for free for like two weeks.
Damn it!
Damn it. It might still be going on. You have to look into that.
Yeah, I don't want to play it.
Anyway, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't know. I got nothing.
I got nothing. Alright, that's it.
Thank you guys so much for listening to the show. We really appreciate it.
We will be back next week to do it all again with the latest in gaming news.
Thanks for participating. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
