This week, although the Smash Bros. series amiibos are not yet complete, Mario is getting
friendlier with a classic design, releasing imminently.
The collectibles keep coming along with this week in gaming news, and it all begins along
with your comments and more, right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with our 592nd episode for March the 29th of 2015.
Here with you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the
gamer lifestyle, style, style, style, style.
Here with me, Rob Roberts, and over there taunting me already, Wob Wobbits, a serious
interview with Wob Wobbits and DarkSakura.
How are you, Ms. Jamie Summers, or DarkSakura?
I have a sinus infection.
Do you?
I'm sorry to hear that.
You know what, I blame Alabama.
As long as you're not contagious?
You can't get sinus infections unless you dig your finger up my nose and pull some bacteria
and eat it.
And even then, highly unlikely.
Don't test me.
Ew!
I'm going home, bye.
I'll do a lot on a dare, no I'm kidding.
I thought it was funny because earlier this week you gave me a call and you were like,
Wob Wobbits, I don't know why you're Barbara Walters all of a sudden, Wob Wobbits, what
was the condition that Alan had when he got sick?
I started to feel like scratchy and sore on like Tuesday, but usually that's how my sinus
infection hit.
Every time I come back from Alabama, sinus infection.
There it is.
And I didn't even think about it.
I thought, oh, Alan was sick maybe, but that was like a week and a half.
Something about traveling to Alabama just makes you sick.
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
The humidity.
The humidity.
That's it.
Magnolias, camellias, azaleas.
All right.
Also, here in studio, of course, as he is every week, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Now, Loki said earlier, I just want to quote for you guys, that he may have had too much
bacon.
No, I said there may have been too much bacon on the pizza because it was too salty.
I didn't have a...
See, the problem was...
How appropriate for you that it's a little too salty here on O.L.R.
Here is my dilemma.
Okay.
The gas station I went to is one of those grocery store gas stations.
They only had a fucking 16 ounce Red Bull.
That is not enough Red Bull for me to, you know, first off, be awake right now, and second
to have with that pizza.
So, you know, I have to make sure my sodium intake is good.
Be careful with those energy drinks.
I know.
Be careful with those energy drinks.
I have one a day.
I mean...
I guess so did my husband, and he ended up in the hospital for...
Most days I have one a day.
His heart.
So be careful.
Be careful.
It's just a little bit of caffeine.
All right.
Along with salt.
Make sure you get in your exercise.
Work out with the kids.
All right.
Of course, we are here in studio, but you guys are out there in the internet.
Hello everybody who is listening live to us at the Voice of Geeks Network, vog.network.com,
where we do tape our show live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Bobby Black Wolf is actually live in our chat room there along with some of the other
folks saying...
Starting us off tonight, Bobby says, I'm hunting Wob Wobbits.
So a little bit of Elmer Fudd there, action.
How wonderful.
Anyhow, of course, if you are listening on the podcast, a big hello to you as well.
If for whatever reason it's your very first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, we've
been doing this for a while.
We started this show back in June of 2002, myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki all met playing
Dance Dance Revolution at a local arcade here, Sun Splash.
And we wanted to make a show about the little community that we were building because it
was like Wednesday night worship, Wednesday night.
And I'm not talking about like false idols or anything like that, but it's just what
it was.
Wednesday nights, we all got together.
We would go to play DDR and we just stand around the machine like it was some cult with
a little flashing lights.
Play me.
Give me a dollar.
Give me a cute Eurobeat.
So that was, that was us.
And after we played DDR, we'd go to the diner right across the street and then we'd talk
a little bit of smack.
It was the old people diner on top of that.
That's right.
It was.
And we talk a little smack and good things and bad things about our favorite pastime.
And so we've extended that into the internet and with you guys at the world's largest dinner
table, diner table here.
Anyway, we have some very special guests here in studio.
And I'm so excited to welcome these guys to the show.
Speaking of Malwij, as I see talking about in our chat room, Wuv Twuwuv says a game guru
in our chat.
We met up a few weeks ago and it was literally one of those moments of where have you been
all my life?
And now here we are joining forces for you gamers out there.
I'm so excited to welcome from the Sacramento IGDA chapter tonight.
We have two representatives here in studio.
Say hello everybody to Gabriel.
And go ahead and pick up the mic there and say hello.
And Brianna.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Ladies first.
Ladies first.
I'm great.
And I'm so happy to be here.
And oh boy, I can't believe you had me in here.
Wait, what does that mean?
Wait a minute.
Does that mean she's a loose cannon?
I don't know.
I can't confirm or deny that.
Sorry.
How are you doing Gabriel?
Never better.
We're here.
This is like I'm five minutes from home and it's like I'm in a whole other world right
now.
Beautiful.
You were mentioning that beforehand that when I gave you the address to our top secret location
where we tape in the Sacramento area, you found out that's five minutes from my house.
Yes.
You've been doing that crap for years.
Seriously.
I've been here three years and only now.
Only now.
And like, yeah.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Way too long to have connected.
Well, you know what?
It goes both ways because now I'm realizing, holy crap, somebody's developing a Wii U game
five minutes from my house.
Damn straight.
Tell us a little bit about your company Gabriel.
You actually have like a little startup indie company and you're making games as well.
Tell us a little bit about that.
Yeah.
So we've got, so the idea behind Nascent Games was, I needed a definition for the studio.
You know, like where were we, what were the games that we're making going to do?
What were we trying to achieve with our games?
And the idea was we wanted to, I hate to say the phrase take it to the next level because
it's so cliche, it's so overused and I try not to do that.
So I tried to approach it a little differently just, you know, for me it was leave a good
experience for every player that tries our stuff.
Whether it's the player by definition of actually physically playing the game or by actually
watching the game and saying, ooh, I want to see what happens next.
So you know, so for me it was all about, you know, that ascent of the experience.
You know, ascending and wanting to find out more, take it higher.
So just without getting all cliche about it all.
You know what, sometimes the answer is a little simpler than some might think.
You know what I mean?
Like some people want to know, where did the name Orange Lounge Radio come from?
Because Orange Lounge was on a DDR machine and we thought like, you know, oh, we're all
sitting, we're lounging around talking about games.
It's a great name.
So it's really that simple, people.
That's all right.
Also in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com we have Blakeman, who actually renamed his
nickname there.
Wow.
Blakeman in our chat room says, excuse my ignorance, but what does IGDA mean?
That is the International Game Developers Association, right?
I should have said that, right?
Yes, that's quite okay.
Yeah, International Game Developers Association and what that is, they're a worldwide non-profit
organization.
They represent, I mean, all the countries possible, I mean, especially here.
And it's a connection of game developers and gamers who just want to get involved more
in the community, in the industry.
And without, you know, without the, what's the best way to put this?
I mean, I think it's just really, it's just a huge resource.
IGDA is just a massive resource for people to learn more about how they can become, you
know, how they can put their talents to use, or learn to put talents to use, or even just
learn a talent.
You know, just from the idea guy, which is me, to the programmer who can't draw.
They want to find somebody, you know, who does art.
Or the community outreach folks who want to bring folks together to do more.
You know, to do more and, you know, really for the love of it all.
I kind of hashtagged for the love of the game quite a bit.
And there's kind of a core reason behind that.
We maybe get to that later.
But yeah, I mean, it's really for that.
It's for the love of the game.
And then hopefully we make a few bucks out of it.
But otherwise, otherwise, yeah, we just, we love what we do.
I think, you know, a lot of people out there, I would think not so much the listeners to
this show.
But you go on Twitter, you go on any message forum, and you see sometimes a lot, and there's
a running joke here on OLR about GamersHateEverything.com, right, where, you know, where anything is
announced and there's always like instant snark that goes with that, right?
And we try to be...
Are you talking about someone in particular?
There is no salty individual I can think of.
But, you know, all joking aside, I mean, we have fun with it.
And there are some games sometimes that for whatever reason don't turn out as well as
they could be.
And usually that reason is middle management, but we won't go there.
But I think some people don't really realize what goes into making a game.
There's so much that goes into making a game, even a tiny little indie game, there's a lot
that goes with it, right?
So when you talk about resource sharing, I mean, we've even had, you know, Loki and he's
been talking about some of the various projects he's been working on for a long time here
on the show.
Maybe he needs to sign up for your organization, I don't know.
He really should, because I'm looking at what he's doing right now and then I didn't realize
you were...
You're seeing something like nobody else is getting to see, by the way, that whole, his
mysterious VoG Jam game that ended in January.
Yeah.
Make it happen, man.
We're right here.
So...
Just wasn't on time, unfortunately.
Bobby is taking so much pleasure right now in the fact that Loki is being lectured by
the IGDA here in the studio.
Listen, if it's okay, if Zelda can be delayed, then I can delay my game.
It's perfectly fine.
I mean, I don't want to compare it to it.
Is this the agony in the SSC featuring Loki?
I'm not going to be the one that's going to make those comparisons, but I mean, if
you want to draw those, that's fine.
When will it be finished?
When it's finished.
Okay.
But all this joking about deadlines aside, you have talked about how finding music for
your game was like your big issue, and it took you a while to find that right resource,
right?
Yes.
Just listening to everything that's CC by 3.0 or whatever on SoundCloud and browsing
by genres.
You know what, you and I could have just connected much sooner because I actually make
my own music for my games.
So yeah, double whammy, man.
The music he did end up finding is actually really awesome.
Oh, good.
And if by awesome you mean really annoying because it was on purpose that I picked a
really annoying dubstep song for the game.
All right.
Anyway, this isn't about you, Loki.
This is about our guests here in the studio this week.
And I do want to talk to Brianna in a minute as well, but since Gabriel, you have the mic
right now, I want to talk about specifically the game that you're working on here.
Because I know there's a lot of people, it's no secret right now, we've talked about on
previous episodes of the show, we're going to be doing this event where we're live streaming
on April 11th and y'all can check it out.
It's the Sacramento in the Arcade event, which is presented by you guys in April 11th from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
You can tune in at vognetwork.com.
Or if you're like that 3% of our listener base that lives in Sacramento, or even the
Bay Area, heck, come on out to the show, check it out, we'll be there live in person.
But I'm sure there's a lot of people out there that might, you know, because we have listeners
in Mexico, we have listeners in Australia, Japan, Sweden, whatever happened to that man?
I see him on Tumblr, but anyway, they might be wondering, why do I care about some event
happening in Sacramento?
But you guys are making games that everybody's going to play, right?
Yes sir.
That's the high goal.
Well, it's more, it goes, see that's on the surface, yes, but it goes beyond that.
For me, you know, there's a parallel going on with my startup as Nascent Games and, you
know, founding that and then being the founder and chair for the chapter for IG Day Sacramento.
For me, it was when I started my games, you know, even just having the confidence to say
I'm going to make a game.
Because that's the first biggest step, it's just having the confidence to make it.
But then it became, becomes a thing of who else is out there that's struggling for that
direction?
And, you know, long story short, you know, it's, we are now, we are now in a position
where my main goal, one of my biggest goals for this chapter is happening now.
We are creating talent here in Sacramento.
We are not outsourcing it anywhere, you know, unless we really, really need to, because
I mean, you know, times are tough, you know, we just sometimes we need to.
But there's so much talent here in Sacramento and so much of this talent have been very
hesitant, you know, because they don't know where to go, they don't know who to connect
with, they don't know who to talk to, or they have connected with people and they have
lost, you know, they have been screwed over, you know, their trust has been tainted.
And they're like, what do we do now?
And you mentioned, you know, briefly mentioned the Bay Area, a lot of them, how many people
we've met from LA, from the Bay, they were from here, but they left Sacramento because
they wanted, you know, they wanted something better and they ended up in some way, shape
or form got screwed over.
So now they're back.
And now, so now it's not just games that everyone's going to be able to play.
It's the games are being made by Sacramento folks.
And now, you know, the person trying these games is not going to be just a commenter
on an app, you know, it's going to be in your face, like, this is what I think, you know,
or, you know, and so on and so forth.
And there's that in your face interaction, how old school yet how new it seems today
in 2015.
Yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
So much I can ask you guys about.
It's only a three hour show, however.
But let me let me just guys seriously don't even we met up for dinner a couple weeks ago.
We could have been there all night.
But anyway, let me ask you about this specifically the game you're working on.
You're working on a game with your with nascent games, you are creating a game.
You just had a big demo go out to DeSoura, right?
And this is something that people should be keeping their eye on is going to come to the
Wii U eventually, right?
Yes, they will.
Tell us a little bit about Crumple.
So Crumple, our very, very first game demo ever on anything, just which was extremely
unexpected, like we I really didn't like we in the back of our head, we thought, yeah,
we can make it happen.
But you didn't you don't really believe completely it's going to actually happen.
But now it has.
And I've been very, very fortunate to connect with the right people, you know, just taking
that initiative to connect with folks.
And now we're at this place, our demos out there on DeSoura.
We are at a probably around two thousand two thousand two thousand visits and tries for
just the demo in a week.
And that's insane because I don't know who the hell they are.
I don't know who they are.
I mean, and I know I know we have, you know, I think I think five different countries.
I mean, I've seen people trying our game from Ukraine, Italy, Germany, Finland.
I don't know who these people are.
You know, you and I have the exact same reactions, but for you it's a game, for me it's a podcast.
It's the same thing.
You sit there and you go, somebody in Belgium's listening to my show and sending me an email.
That's so cool.
Yeah, it's insane.
And the and the and the reviews have been we've actually we actually got our first review
from some person.
I have no idea who they are, but they reviewed our game.
They're very, very in-depth with it.
The commentary, you know, especially from my own dear Brianna as well.
She left some fantastic commentary, especially the Twitter was nuts that day.
But anyway, so Crumple, back to Crumple.
So Crumple is, yes, it is going to be out for PC first, then for the Wii U.
Crumple is about this little envelope that comes to life and it wakes up in this burning
paper factory.
I kind of wanted to go with the similar approach of Limbo, you know, where this little boy
wakes up in Limbo.
We have no idea how the hell it got there, but, you know, it just has to keep going.
So I kind of wanted to approach it that way with with Crumple.
But obviously, you know, it's not it's not in like the first circle of hell or anything
like that.
You know, it's just it's just in the burning paper factory.
Just wanted to keep it simple and then proceed from there.
The game is going to be released in episodes.
So the first full episode for Crumple should hopefully be out sometime in May and then
episode two and three, hopefully about three or four months apart from each one.
And then the idea will be, once we get all those episodes out, get it ported over to
the Wii U.
I would need to find a new programmer for it, though, because Wii U doesn't play Flash
games.
So I have to use either HTML5 or JavaScript, but anyway, technical stuff.
So now I'm sorry.
So our other game tripping my own my own partner.
So our other game is Kinship and Kinship was actually the first game we started on.
But it is admittedly a bit of an ambitious game.
But that's what I want.
I like, you know, you need that ambition, but then you need your simple stuff.
So Kinship is essentially an action story implemented shmup.
And you know, shmups are, you know, a dime a dozen, one of the oldest genres out there
in video gaming.
But very few of them have ever implemented any sort of story, let alone any sort of decent
story.
And I said, you know what?
I want to take the things I loved about Gradius 3, Axlae, R-Type, games like that, but have
some sort of deeper-ish, not Mass Effect deeper-ish, but I mean, you know, just deeper narrative
to it where, as I mentioned before, where people were maybe like Brianna, who may not
be into shmups, can just watch it and be like, wow, that's great, that's cool, what happens
next?
I know who you might need to talk to.
And I would be remiss if I did not mention, because we just had them on the show like
six weeks ago, but the guys behind Starmazer, which is a game that's on Kickstarter, that's
a shooter meets a point and click adventure game.
I don't know if you've seen that, but when you kind of talk about that, I mean, I'm sure
you're not thinking like the same direction or whatever, but like that, I couldn't help
it have that pop in my mind.
But that's so funny that all these like different ideas, and I think it was, I was hearing a
lot of that same thing from them is that this is the game we wanted to make.
This is our vision, and we've got these two genres, and we wanted a game that had both.
So that's awesome.
Yeah, that's actually good, I would love to actually connect with them.
And now that, you know, now with the first game being on Desura for a demo, and learning
that Desura actually accepts demos for Unity, because Kinship's being made in Unity, we're
going to get a demo for Kinship on Unity, hopefully in the next couple of months, hopefully
within May as well, and finally tease that more as well.
So yeah, there's some great, great stuff happening.
You're going to be a busy guy in these coming months between this event in April and then
these releases in May.
By the way, since you mentioned you've got about 2,000 people that have checked out Crumple
so far, I'm sure our dozens and dozens of listeners can help out a little bit and at
least get that number up maybe 10 more.
So let's go and give you guys the link www.desura.com slash games slash crumple, that's C-R-U-M-P-L-E
if you want to check that out.
And it's a very, the biggest important thing that I ask for, and I cannot stress this enough,
please leave feedback in the comments, even if it means sending me a private message to
let me know what you think.
You know, if you're following me on Twitter, shoot me a direct message, whatever the case
may be.
I want to know what you guys think because it's very vital to the development, you know,
the further development of this game, you know, but don't, you know, don't be an ass
about it.
You know, just talk to me, be constructive, you know, be constructive about what you're
saying.
Tell me why.
You know, I'm not going to cry about it.
I've got a very thick skin, I'm from Jersey, so we can, I can handle this.
We good.
You know what I'm saying?
I just want constructive criticism because if I hear BS, all I'm going to say is plus
one out of spite and move forward and I'm not going to do, and they're going to be like,
what is he doing that for?
Because I'm not going to feed to that.
So that's all I ask.
So since you brought up, you are from Jersey that led a spark in my head that I have to
ask you about this because I will say the Northeast folks that I do know that listen
to this show would kick my butt if they knew, I knew you were involved with this and didn't
ask you about it, but you used to do a lot of stuff with Magfest right out back East,
right?
I did.
Yes.
Yes.
I was, um, I, I w I just did volunteer work, um, at, at I think Mac Fest, not eight or
nine, I think Mac Fest eight.
And then a couple of years later I had moved here to, to, to Sacramento and reconnected
with, with, uh, the team there and had asked them a couple of, this was a couple of years
ago.
I had asked them, Hey, look, what is it?
What would it cost to get me a table?
Cause I'm working on games now.
I'm w this was when I only had kinship.
I said, well, what would it cost to get a table?
They're like, well, wait a minute, you know, w wait a minute, we're doing something for
indie for Mac Fest.
They're like, do you want to run the department?
I'm like, we remember how you helped us so greatly with volunteering.
I'm like, wait, wait, wait, wait, you know, I'm in California.
I just want to show off my game.
You're asking me to help run this new department.
And yeah.
And it turned out, yeah, my, myself and my partner Tronster, we, uh, we formed what is
now Mac Fest independent, uh, video game showcase, I think M I V S I think that's what it stands
for.
But yeah, yeah.
We've done it for a few years now.
And, uh, and now there's talk for something more here, but you know, I'll leave that.
I'll leave that for later.
This was literally just like yesterday, but I, it's becoming more and more apparent.
I have no choice, but to go to Mac Fest 2016.
You have no reason to miss Mac Fest, I swear to God, man, because Mac Fest will destroy
you.
Mac Fest is four days of madness.
It's just four days of nonsense.
They don't shut down.
My body is ready.
No, seriously.
Your body better be ready because it's like, it doesn't shut down.
Like it doesn't shut.
That's the thing about Mac Fest, unlike these other conventions where, you know, okay, we're
closed at six or we're closed at seven.
You know, Mac Fest does literally starts at 12 noon on a Thursday and does not end
until Sunday or Monday, three, four, five o'clock in the afternoon.
So you're literally, you have open access 24 hours to that four day weekend.
That sounds like our beloved Dragon Con, which isn't games, you know, it's a different type
of thing.
But I love that.
Like just 24 seven beer in hand.
Let's do this.
Good times.
Good times.
Uh, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt saying the Indie Showcase was really impressive last year.
He's out in that area.
And Breakman with a question about your game here.
How did you come up with the name Crumple?
Funny enough.
So Crumple, um, it is funny cause I was kind of debating what, yeah, when I was figuring
out a name for this game, um, cause my biggest struggle was I know what I want the character
to be.
You know, that was one challenging part.
You know, I stood the envelope up and as I looked at the envelope, I said that, you
know, some envelopes have windows, but there was just one, I said, what if I add another
one?
There are the eyes.
And then I'm like, now I've got an identifying character.
Now comes the next steps.
What, what can it do?
What will it be able to do?
And one of the biggest, biggest things was Crumpling.
Um, and funny enough, this is kind of a, no one knows this, not even you, but, um, when
we were in the process of when my pro, cause it's just a two man team for, for Crumple.
Um, when Alex, uh, big, big shout out to my man, Alex, my, he's the programmer artist,
the whole nine yards, the animator for all of this.
Um, he, uh, when we were talking, I actually kept calling it Crumble and he had to correct
me like a month later.
He's like, Gabriel, can I just tell you something?
I'm like, what?
He was like, it's Crumple.
It's not Crumble.
You're confusing your envelope with coffee cake.
He's like, please stop doing that.
And I'm like, oh, I want coffee cake.
But then I was embarrassed after that and I was like, holy crap.
Yes.
And when he did that, when he said that to me, I said, yes, that's what we're going to
call it.
We're going to call it Crumple.
So essentially the title is at the cost of my dignity.
The calling it something else entirely different, but it caught on and that, and then I said,
now we have to emphasize Crumple.
What is it?
How are we defining this?
So yeah, that's kind of where it happened.
I do feel like you're, you're, you're pitching ideas for a sequel though, because you can
have a coffee cake in Crumple 2, the Crumbling.
You can have that.
So just, just throwing that out there.
Hey, it's video games, man.
You can do whatever the hell you want, man.
You can do whatever the hell you want.
Dungeon Buster in chat over at live.vognetware.com says your body better be ready.
That's the bagfest byline right there.
Put that on the poster.
All right.
More information where we can check out nascent games and Crumple.
Literally you've got a website, a Twitter plug away.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Funny enough, the website admittedly has been tough to keep up with because it's just me,
myself and I for the time being, but nascentgames.com.
You can see our stuff there.
I haven't updated it in a while, so forgive me and don't hold it against me, but I am
phenomenal on Twitter.
I am amazing on there.
So my Twitter handle is at nascentgames.
So just hit us up there.
And again, I mean, the good thing is at least, even though I don't update the website too,
too often, there's a live Twitter feed connected to the website.
So at least you'll see things going on actively on there.
So yeah.
And also, actually, matter of fact, if you want to see gameplay videos of both games,
we have our most recent trailer for Kinship and our most recent game, well, I shouldn't
most recent, our only gameplay video for Crumple on YouTube.
We have a channel on YouTube, youtube.com slash nascent games.
Yeah.
You can check stuff out there as well.
So.
Awesome.
Great.
So I just wanted to check out that demo for Crumple and I will be checking that out too,
for sure.
I was meant to play it last week when I saw you guys at the event that you guys do every
Tuesday, which I'll talk more about with Brie in a minute.
I wanted to see that, but it's timing, I wasn't able to have the time to see it.
So soon, soon.
I brought it with me.
We can plug it up to the TV later.
We might have to do that during break.
We'll make that happen.
Might have that happen.
I do want to spend a little time.
I know we got to get to our gaming weeks and the news and everything, but I can't just...
Brie's been so patient.
Yes, no, definitely.
I want to talk to Brie a little bit here about what she does with the IGDA.
Now Brie, I know you're not necessarily creating games, but like, you know, as Gabriel was
saying before, sometimes game developers need help.
And I know a lot of that help, and I need it with running a podcast, is the business
end of things.
Right?
Yes, that's true.
So my background is in performing arts.
And I grew up loving games and it wasn't until I met with Gabriel that everything was kind
of put together for me as far as it's not just the programming, it's not just the art,
there's also the music component, and then the business aspect as well, especially for
our local developers here.
Many of them are startup companies or getting ready to become a startup company.
And we, as part of the IGDA, we want to help encourage them to build a strong foundation
because we want them to be long lasting.
That's very important.
And especially with Gabriel kind of leading the charge with that, as well as a few of
the other established studios here, we're all kind of growing together.
And so yeah, my whole role in this wonderful world of game development here in Sacramento
is I'm kind of the storyteller.
I like to be the voice for our chapter and for our developers.
Again, we are in Sacramento, California.
We're a lot different than the Bay Area.
But we're the capital of California, and there was no presence here at all.
So now we have the attention of the United Kingdom.
We have IGDA Australia that's a little jealous of our networking and mingle events.
Yeah, you know, before I really knew you guys, I would try to explain like game development
in Sacramento, and I'd be like, well, there's that building downtown.
It's BioWare.
Oh, wait, no, no, no, it's EA.
Wait, no, no, no, you know, but that's all, you know, I could really think about.
But there's tons that I'm not, I haven't been seeing until you guys have been getting bigger.
There are.
So when I was speaking with Gabriel yesterday during our last progressive game jam, you
know, we've had people come through and we kind of made sense where we have all these
different components.
We have the established studios, the AAA studios, and then our scene, the indie scene.
And now as IGDA, I think we're all just trying to put that together so that we all start
working together to help grow together.
It's all about togetherness.
That's great.
That's great.
Tell me a little bit.
Here on the show a couple weeks ago, I focused a lot on PAX East because I was out at Penny
Arcade Expo in Boston, so I talked a little bit about my experiences there.
But meanwhile, at the same time, GDC was going on.
So when you're talking about togetherness, my mind goes, well, that's the time when they're
all together is GDC.
Tell me a little bit about your experiences at GDC this year.
So at the top of the show, I said, haha, I'm so glad to be here because I'm a casual gamer.
I hope your chat room is blowing up right now.
Because once you guys start getting into details, it's not that like it goes over my head.
I'm just not there yet.
I am in my Renaissance.
So GDC for me was mind blowing.
I mean, you're hearing it here first.
I get so anxious playing games in front of other people.
So to be at a conference with 24,000 developers from around the world freaked me out.
But I loved it because the workshops were incredible, very informative.
They had a whole retro section.
I kind of, you know, I had my business workshops that I went to, but then I just kind of walked
around and played games.
And I thought that was the coolest thing because none of my other boring conferences had that.
But you will not be here to promote a Twitch channel tonight if you don't.
So I'm trying to figure out how to get myself on Twitch because I think I'd be pretty entertaining.
So even though you just said, I don't like to play games in front of other people, you're
like, but you know what, I'm just going to throw caution.
I know what you should play.
You need to play Hatoful Boyfriend on Twitch.
That would be hilarious.
I'm unaware of this.
It's a pigeon dating simulator.
Oh, but it's got like a, once you've dated all the pigeons, then it has like this really
like morbid, whole full storyline.
It's really wrong and hilarious.
See, there's a whole world that I have yet to explore and you guys need to help open
my perspective.
All right.
You got it.
We got your back.
We got your back.
Just don't, don't listen to them.
Don't listen to the games that my chatters say you should play because then you'll be
doing nothing but Five Nights at Freddy's, Amnesia, and scary games.
Mister, I haven't played Five Nights at Freddy's 2 after Jamie bought it for him.
Anyway.
I'm open.
All right.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about the event we're going to be broadcasting from on April 11th.
What can folks look forward to seeing?
I mean, again, a very small portion of our audience is actually in Sacramento, so I have
to kind of look at the bigger picture about what everybody's going to hear nationwide.
But what can folks kind of look forward to coming out of this event?
So Gabriel, would you like to chime in?
Love it.
Love it.
You're adorable.
The, you know, we, the main thing is, you know, we're, we're, it's a professional developers
event where we open access to all gamers to try out these professional upcoming startup
indie studios.
And like I mentioned earlier, you know, it's, it's going to be in your face and there's
going to be, you know, at least 15 game developers, a couple, I think at least one, at least one
maybe two is, is an indie studio bringing the Oculus Rift.
They brought it last year and it was huge.
It was a huge, it was, it was a huge response.
I mean, but fortunately it was a huge response for all the teams, all the studios.
You know, so we're going to have more of that this year.
I think it's, there's a greater, there's a greater scale now because, and I want to say
a huge achievement, which is so Xbox language talk, but anyway, it's, you know, but it's
like, it's real stuff here because this year Kate Edwards, she's the director, the executive
director for all of IGDA.
She's going to be here to, as the keynote speaker for our little local chapter event.
So the president of the IGDA, the top, the top dog, she will be here, is going to be
here and we're going to, we're going to, if, if hopefully I'm 99% sure we're going to bring
her to you on, on VOG and you can check it out.
You guys are.
And that's a huge, huge step for us because that means they see what we're doing.
She sees it, she values it.
She saw it at GDC because we made our chapter known at GDC.
It wasn't just a social gathering.
I said, we're turning this into a demo night and we, that's what we did.
So we, you know, so it was great to have that.
So she saw that other people that we're going to have speaking, we have Jeff Louie from
Capsity, which is where we host a lot of our IGDA events and even my own startup studio
where I meet with my team and we, we work on there.
And you know, so Jeff Louie, you know, big, you know, founder of Capsity, he's going to
be there speaking as well.
We, you know, we have Deborah Mirimoto from California Capital.
She's all about minority owned women, owned businesses, startups, providing resources,
business resources, legal resources, all these things.
She attended one of our events and spoke for a little while, you know, so we're getting
this recognition, you know, you know, from these real, real deal people and, you know,
and then finally our, our educational advisor for the chapter, his name is Patrick Cranley.
He's a professor at Sac City College.
He's going to soon be running the entire game developer program for Sac City College.
He's going to be speaking as well and it's just a huge deal.
So we're going to have a lot of, there's going to be a lot of guidance and education, you
know, you know, advice.
So I was just going to say, we've had like kind of a running theme on VOG Network practically
this year about like, you know, yes, you can make a game, you know, and sometimes it's
going to, it's going to be very difficult and it can be very time consuming, but you
know, yes, you can make a game and there's a lot of people out there that may not even
know like where I want to make a game and I, I'm starting to get that technical know
how and just, but now what do I do with it?
How do I get noticed?
How do I get bigger?
I love how you said that you're going to let all the gamers get access to this information.
Like we can all see how the sausage is made type of thing and I, no, I think that's excellent.
I think that's great.
I, I'm still looking forward to that myself.
You said sausage.
It's what it is.
It's not a, it's not a, why y'all got to take it to a nasty place?
It's not a nasty thing.
All right.
Anyway.
And now I'm going to get all serious again.
And that's what I found at least in my promoting of the event with people around the area is
you know, I'm talking to parents who have younger kids that very passionate about their
video games, but you know, they don't have the experience that we do with some of the
retro games and to see where it's at now.
So they, their kids are like, I want to make a game.
I want to learn how to make game.
I don't know where to go.
Please come to our event.
Because what we found in our own chapter is we're working with gentlemen and a few ladies
that are, you know, in their late thirties that are just now getting to do what they
love to do.
And we don't want kids to wait that long.
So there's really a bigger picture going on here and we want the entire community, the
whole region to come and see, and who knows what's going to be ignited within that.
That is so powerful.
That really, I mean, truly just that, that really just lays it out right there that like,
you know, you don't want some kid thinking they can't do it and wait until they're, you
know, my age to do it.
Yeah.
And, and I was, I was one of those, actually what she just said.
I was one of those kids.
I wanted to start, I had game ideas and I didn't know they were game ideas.
I just wrote things on paper.
I was nine, 10 years old drawing out highways and, and city, crappy looking city skylines.
Did we all do that?
Yeah.
That was like the big thing in grade school.
You draw the dungeon and I'm drawing out the store, store.
Okay now, so you're going to have to buy a rope from the store to get over the pit or
you're going to get eaten by this little alligator I drew.
I will say that the one my friend Ashley and I made in ninth grade in high school turned
out to be a tabletop game I ran in college.
Nice.
That's awesome.
There you go.
Anything is possible, kids.
You see anything is possible.
And that's, that's just it.
I do have to say though, I hope no kids are listening to this show, that whole salty thing
we talked about before.
Yeah.
It's purely educational.
It's so sorry.
Not sorry.
Yeah.
The following commentary.
We're not responsible on VOG network and its affiliates.
But yeah, I mean, and that, and I think that's where our, our arcade event is going to stand
out from other types of events.
It, you know, other types of events.
It's just entertainment.
Oh, look at your famous celebrity.
Oh good.
I've seen you for the third year in a row.
But no, here you're going to learn.
You're going to have fun.
You're going to learn.
But we get to play too.
Yeah.
You're, yeah.
And that's it.
Once you play, you're going to interact.
And it'll be nice to actually play with an Oculus Rift for once.
Yeah.
And Bree, here you go.
I want to ask Bree, I want to ask Bree a little more and then I got to start to wrap things
up so we can move on.
I want to ask Bree a little more about the play end of this, because it's not just like
lectures and things and motivation, but there's, there's play as well.
But I do have to get some comments from her chat room.
Dark Tetsuya over at live.vognetwork.com says, sausage is good.
I love sausage.
Thank you.
Me too.
All right.
And Bobby Blackwell says, to be fair, we had to wait that long because we didn't have triple
A level game engines available for low cost or free when we were in college.
If Unity or UE4 existed when I was in college, I would have made games in college.
Precisely.
That's true.
We had what, the incredible machine and you got to make your little machines in there.
ZZT, right?
Hey, don't be knocking, click and play, okay?
No, no, no.
It was all about muds.
All right.
Bree, tell us a little bit quickly about the play end of things.
So it's not just this educational, but we get to play too.
Right.
Indie Arcade is going to be fun.
We've partnered with Retro Gen 916 and every Tuesday they host a throwback down the street
from us and they're going to set up a bunch of consoles, everything from the NES to the
Super NES to PlayStation, the first one, and you'll have a diverse array of games to play.
They have a virtual boy.
And that impressed me.
They have a virtual boy?
That impressed me.
Holy cow.
Yes.
We're going to have some Guitar Hero up.
Bill from Davis Atari Party is going to set up a mini Atari party.
Yes.
Dan was mentioning that because we go to Atari party every year.
My husband.
He's coming up.
Cool.
We're going to have a preview of that.
You guys are going to be there.
So that's a party in itself.
Oh, shucks.
We're going to have video game tournaments, Smash Brothers, Super Smash Brothers, Killer
Instinct and what was the, oh, Mario Kart 8.
And there's going to be documentaries and live video game music.
It's going to be a really great party.
So it's not all boring.
But the boring stuff is important.
Yes.
Yes.
Which means Gabriel, stop talking about boring stuff.
I got you.
I got you.
No, no.
I got you.
You guys are laughing.
We can hear you guys actually talk even more.
You can hear more of this chemistry, right?
You guys have your own podcast?
We do.
We actually have our next...
God help us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have our next show actually on Wednesday.
Don't sell yourselves.
Sort now.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
Don't remind me about the podcast.
Oh, shit.
We have on the first Wednesday of every month, we do our own video game community type of
news discussion and talk and ranting and so on and so forth.
He rants.
I just tweet because he doesn't share the microphone, kind of like right now.
Oh, there's your preview, SacGamersUnite, at SacGamersUnite on Twitter.
Tune in for more drama on Wednesday nights, 7 p.m. Pacific Standard Time.
Why are you doing a three hour show?
Can I say, I love that she has to interrupt you to actually plug the actual podcast, because
you're not mentioning this is where you go to listen to it.
It's on purpose.
Oh, my God.
You guys are hilarious.
It's all scripted.
Stay forever.
You guys are great.
All right.
Okay.
So again, so just one more time, the Sac Indie Arcade event is happening April 11th.
That's 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific on VOG.
My understanding is it might go a little later if you're there in person, but on VOG, it'll
be 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific, and we're so excited to bring it to you guys.
And I'm just excited to go and meet all this talent.
You guys are helping to...
It's kind of like we're watering the lawn, and soon it's going to look like my backyard.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And that's exactly it.
Just the community, because we're all in this together here, and that's why I say I'm in
it.
I'm still learning it all.
At this point, it's like, whatever I learn, I want to share with others, because we're
all in this together.
That's essentially what this event is about.
It's a celebration of this talent here.
Awesome.
Awesome.
And I hope folks worldwide will tune in to hear it, and not only check out some of these,
what gamers or what game makers go through and what they learn about, but also some of
these games that you might be playing yourself someday or shouldn't be playing, really.
You can play right now on Desura or wherever.
All these other different companies have their games hosted.
I do want to ask one more very important question, and then we'll move into our gaming weeks
and the news and everything.
But I always ask every guest that comes on OLR, I got to know, favorite video game of
all time, and defend your choice.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
And you can only pick one, one, one, one.
Okay.
I'm going to let Brianna answer first.
Do you know why he's going to let me answer first?
Because he's going to take forever.
All right.
I like Galaga, and I'm proud to say that.
Okay.
I've come a long way because I was very hesitant to say that before.
But here I am.
I'm saying it.
Where's the Galaga hate?
Is there a Galaga hate club out there?
The Galaga's important.
Maybe there was no hate, but I was still very intimidated to say it.
I don't.
Galaga's awesome.
Yeah.
When she said that to me, I was like, Galaga's phenomenal.
What do you mean?
Don't ever be ashamed of that.
And yeah, we became real close after that as it was awesome.
Especially considering Galaga's a shooter, and you were talking about shooters earlier.
It kind of makes sense.
That was unplanned.
I promise you.
So with me, oh my goodness.
There's so many.
But yes, if there's one that really, really hits home for me, and really life itself is
Journey.
Yup.
No, wait a minute though.
Wait a minute though.
Let me be clear.
Jamie's probably thinking about the 1981 game.
No, I'm just kidding.
You're not talking about Journey, the band, although that was an awesome game too.
I was talking about the new one that I honestly have only watched people play because it's
funny.
Yes.
Made by that game company who I had the pleasure of meeting both founders, Jenova Chen and
Kelly Santiago.
Kelly Santiago was a guest on our show recently, and I had the pleasure of meeting Jenova twice.
Yes, Journey is definitely the life-changing game for me.
There's so, so, so many, but Journey's it.
Definitely.
Interesting.
You don't hear a lot of people picking a contemporary choice when presented with that question.
Most answers I hear are either 80s arcade classics, like we got there, or Nintendo or
Super Nintendo.
If you asked me, I'd say Super Metroid.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
See, there's just so many.
Yeah.
If you talk about the ending of Super Metroid, we can go on for it.
See, Rob's wrong because actually the best game ever is the Guardian Legend.
All right.
Anyway, anyway.
But you don't hear contemporary choices.
Awesome.
What was it about Journey that just made you go, this is it?
This is the experience I've been waiting for?
Because Journey took two characters, well, a character that had no identity, and the
entire game it was all about it finding itself and its purpose for being there and why.
And for me, it took me so long to find myself and have my identity, which I did not have
until I got here to Sacramento.
I didn't have that period.
So the timing of the game's release was impeccable because I had just started on kinship.
We actually started having an actual tiny prototype, and then I see this game, and then
I see the story of that game company, and it just, yeah.
It hits at the deepest core of me.
So yeah.
No, I hear you.
I remember my first experience with that game, and I can mention this now.
It's not really spoilers.
The game's been out for years, but the big twist in that game was that you're not alone
when you play Journey.
You will be put in, I mean, it's online, and so another random person will be in your game.
And with all the venom that's out there sometimes in the gaming world, and I know we've all
seen the YouTubes of people that do really nasty things when they play Halo and so forth,
Journey strips that out.
You cannot verbally communicate with the other person that's there, but you can non-verbally
communicate and you have other ways of making cues with that person.
And seeing the way that people essentially invented language in a game like Journey was
phenomenal.
And I think for me, that game is definitely probably, I would agree, is in the top 10
for me of all time.
And I think the way that people, it was a game that made you invent language, or you
could also choose to just abandon the person.
And that says a lot about how people react in different situations as well.
And I just, I remember not knowing that twist going in and playing it, and when I figured
it out that the person that was with me was another person, was an actual person playing,
I was like, mind exploded.
Mind exploded.
Absolutely.
And it's so simple, it's so simple.
But my god, what a powerful message.
And that's just it, that's exactly it.
So yeah, I would definitely say that.
Amazing.
Amazing stuff.
All right, good answers you guys, good answers.
And Dungeon Buster in chat, showing some love for Galaga, it's a big arcade classic.
No shame.
Yup.
Absolutely.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Onge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, smash.
All right, let's get into our gaming weeks, the types of video games we've been playing
this week.
And of course I'm going to invite our guests to stay as long as they can tonight and chime
in on our regular segments as well as the news.
But let's quickly go over our gaming weeks, we'll try to make this a little quick tonight
for time.
Dark Sakura.
Um, I feel really sad because the game that IkumaJP sent to me and Dan, I haven't had
a chance to play yet, because either he's been busy watching stuff or hasn't been home
for us to play it together.
So you have to do it together, yeah.
It's the Kunio-kun, you know, sports game series.
So like Super Dodgeball and all those, which is super fun.
I did play some Final Fantasy XIV today, long enough to check out the Gold Saucer, which
is...
I still maintain that I hate Uldah, because it's worse to navigate than Orgrimmar was.
And wow.
And then, um, I, uh, what else did I do?
Yeah, I did the first quest at the Gold Saucer, I'm kind of like, I played like a game of
Triple Triad, I'm like, this is stupid.
What?
I love Triple Triad!
Well, you can play Triple Triad for me.
And I took Hot Wings out and tried to get him some levels.
My chocobo is a red chocobo named Hot Wings.
Nice.
Yeah.
Kentucky fayagra chocobo or whatever, that old joke.
Faragga chocobo.
Yeah.
I bow to you in that.
Oh my god.
So, um, and I did play, um, I've been playing Dragon Age Inquisition, the DLC came out,
so uh, been playing through Jaws of Hakkon, it's pretty okay, I'm just mad that it nixed
all of my mods, because, and the modding community is plenty pissed too, but of course they understand.
There's actually, a dude from BioWare went on Reddit, one of the programmers, and said,
hey, we didn't do this on purpose, but we cannot accommodate for mods when we put out
the DLC.
Exactly.
We have to bug check our own shit, we can't bug check yours.
Exactly.
I get it.
Some of the differences, I was going to actually put that in on show roll, just reading from
the forum on there, but I didn't, but he was going in saying that, yeah, Frostbite is a
completely different creature than what they used before in Real Engine, you know, saying
that it doesn't allow you, and let me start over, it doesn't allow for that type of maintenance
of the mods to keep them working like it did in the previous iterations.
So another guy on one of the mod forums, on the official BioWare forum, they actually
got another guy in to pick up where warranty voider left off from the version of the modules,
and they're saying that there's like, there were, you know, the code was pretty much open
for Frostbite in the full release, but in the DLC there's like 72 lines of encrypted
code that basically are what's preventing it from being just open source for everybody.
So that's where they're getting into, do we break this or do we just stop the mods here
or do we find another way to get it to work?
Fair enough.
So you've been pretty busy with the Dragon Age then.
And writing fan fiction.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play anything.
You didn't play anything?
Yeah, unfortunately.
But you're still working on your own game, that's...
Yeah, I've been working on mine, and then, what else did I do?
Oh, I also went through, because I had noticed I had some message from Indie Gala or whatever
about some upcoming bundle that they had, and I was like, you know, I should really
check these sites that I've been buying these bundles for to see if I've actually redeemed
all my games on Steam, and no, I hadn't.
So now up to like over 350 games.
Ah, the Steam problem.
The Steam problem.
I haven't played.
He's over 9000.
I don't even know what they are anymore.
I'm like, what is this thing that I bought?
No, they had that sale this week, it was on PlayStation Network.
I bought it.
Was that the 10% discount?
Or...
No, it was the games under a dollar.
Oh, the dollar!
The games under a dollar.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I had to buy like, like, oh, Katamari.
Yes.
Toes of Metal Black.
Yes.
And then you played none of them.
Right.
Because I didn't play any of them.
That's okay, though.
So...
But no, I spent most of my week actually trying to get some confetti launchers to work correctly
in my game, and they look nice now.
You have to get the perfect confetti cannon.
I did, I did have to get the perfect confetti cannon, and so now my confetti looks nice.
I love it.
Let me, I'm gonna go to Gabriel next for his gaming week, because, you know, we're hearing
from Loki that the development of games is keeping him from playing a lot of games.
Are you having the same experience?
No.
So...
No.
Well, instruct Loki on how it's done.
What have you been playing?
It's just time management, and maybe losing some sleep or whatever, sacrificing time to
call your family, whatever.
It's fine.
Yeah, I, the games for this week have been Ori and the Blind Forest, Xbox One, stunning,
stunning, stunning, gorgeous, but painfully difficult game.
Should not be as difficult as it is, for as gorgeous as it is, because I think it's taken
away from my, some of my experiences with it so far, but it's still a gorgeous game.
Resident Evil Revelations 2, I was rocking that, I've been rocking that out this week,
the full game, been loving that so far.
And DuckTales for the Nintendo just came in for me a couple, yesterday, so I was rocking
that out yesterday.
So yeah, DuckTales for the NES, yep.
Wait, like, you said it came in for you, so somebody out there is hunting old NES games
and putting some aside for you, huh?
Well, yeah, and then I got a really good deal for it.
Yeah, I'm gonna need some contact information.
We will, yeah, the retro gen people, I have surprised them with the games that they just
couldn't find, but that I did, so yeah.
And then I think the last game that I've been messing around with, Shantae and the
Pirates something something on the Wii U, because they put it on discount.
So yeah.
I had that on Steam.
Yes!
Great game.
Loving the hell out of that game.
So yeah, that's been mainly my games this week.
Awesome.
Brianna, what about you?
What kind of video games have you been playing this week?
Just remember, new gamer here.
It's alright.
So my whole week encompassed two games, one of which was the Crumple demo, because my
laptop is so slow, and I can't, I keep dying, I keep burning, and I keep dying.
Do you hear the aggressiveness in my voice?
That is what you would see on a Twitch video, because I think it's so frustrated.
But you're giving all that feedback.
Oh, heck yes, I gave all that feedback.
And then the second game, I started playing just Friday night, the Fast and Furious free
play from Xbox One.
Oh, I want to check that out.
I don't even have an Xbox One.
Yeah, I downloaded that today, or I meant to download, or I just beat it today.
Is it on Xbox 360?
Oh, yes.
It is.
Oh, Gabriel's telling me yes it is.
Yes it is.
There it is.
Sorry, just remember, sir, if you're not on a mic, they can't hear you.
Yeah, that's true, sorry.
No, that's alright.
I yell out random things at a whim as well, it's just that this one's permanently attached
to my face.
So how are you liking the Fast and the Furious expansion, or I guess standalone side story
for Forza?
So I really like driving games.
Me too.
And I love Forza.
I have the Forza Motorsport and Forza Horizon 2, and I forgot how much I enjoy it, because
I was playing Rise for a little bit, and I have 3% left, and then I'm done with my first
game ever, like all the way through.
Do you hear the excitement in my voice?
I'm so proud.
I won't tell you how long it's taken me, because that's embarrassing.
I can't remember the last time I got 100% on a game, because I have what we call here
at OLR, Gamer ADD.
People don't finish games?
No, oh.
It depends on who you are, see now Dark Sakura, you know, she'll talk about the same game
for 50 weeks on this show, but she has explored every nook and cranny of the Hinterlands like
you wouldn't believe.
No, I did that on purpose, because I actually wanted to fill up the whole map and see if
I could break the map.
That's me!
I have to hit every XP board, I need to drive every single race, and then if I don't come
in the top 3, I need to do that race again.
Y'all don't want to know what I did with Mass Effect.
I have modded my Mass Effect to where it's all high-res mods, and custom hair, and everything.
You're not alone.
She's trying to push beyond, the Castlevania Symphony of the Night has ruined her, because
she feels she can push beyond 100% exploration in Mass Effect.
No, you can't do it on the Xbox version.
Oh, that's right, I heard about that.
The trick doesn't work on the Xbox version.
I heard about that.
The, what was it, 211%?
Yeah, 211.
You can't do that.
You can get 206, I think, but not 211.
Yeah, because you can't do the wolf trick where you do the wolf turn into the gas and
then the bats fly outside.
For goodness sake.
I know.
Yeah.
Okay, my gaming week, I'll talk about real quick.
I got to play a little bit of Bloodborne today, because my friend Shane brought that over,
and I got killed a lot, and I had no idea what the hell I was doing, because you know,
that's one of those games that just kind of throws you in, it's like, have fun, you're
gonna die.
A lot.
No, literally, it's set at, you will die in the first five minutes of the game, you have
to, there's no way around it, and I was like, what the hell, I'm getting killed by the
first mob?
What kind of sadistic fuck plays this game?
And I knew.
But it was, I gotta say, it is a gorgeous game.
As much as I was getting frustrated by, how am I supposed to play a 3D game with my old
brain, how am I gonna play a 3D game with no map?
You mean to tell me there's no map in Bloodborne, what am I supposed to do?
Use visual cues and landmarks?
What is this?
So.
Dudes don't need maps.
This one does.
I will defy that stereotype.
I need, I would love to put Siri in the game to say, you know, go left, up ahead, and look
out for the werewolf behind the rock.
That's what I would love to have, but not gonna happen, because, you know, then they
would be, then they would be dumbing it down for filthy casuals like me, and heaven forbid
a game like Bloodborne.
So are you suggesting like a Bobby Blackwolf?
Yes, I need, I need Bobby.
Best friend.
Bobby Blackwolf Bloodborne.
Say that four times fast.
Bobby Blackwolf Bloodborne.
That's what I need.
All right.
Anyway, so I played a little bit of that.
Just a little bit.
I didn't buy the game, but a friend of mine brought it over so I could check it out.
But I did play a little bit of, and I gotta give a shout out to this, I don't talk about
mobile games an awful lot on the show, but there's one that came out this week, and I,
a lot of you that are into this series probably are aware of it, but if you're not, I'm gonna
mention Final Fantasy Record Keeper that just came out on iOS and I believe Android.
And the last Final Fantasy original game that they did, the ATB game or whatever that game
was called, I hated that game.
I was not a fan of that game.
It was awful.
I did not, right?
It was, it was just, it was finger swipey the game.
It was just clean the window of the game.
Like you just swipe your finger back and forth as fast as you can.
The good news is Final Fantasy Record Keeper, I think is a lot more the type of Final Fantasy
game we frickin' wanted out of a mobile.
And this game is going to tickle your nostalgia bone.
It's going to do a lot to your nostalgia bone because this game is filled with nostalgia.
Meaning that you travel back and forth into different Final Fantasy worlds.
And so you'll maybe play a little bit of the Final Fantasy X story, but you're not playing
the game itself.
You're just fighting monsters in classic Final Fantasy fashion and old bosses.
But the party that you use can be made up of characters that you acquired playing Final
Fantasy VII memories or Final Fantasy IV memories.
So you can mix and match the party in these classic Final Fantasy fights.
And, and here's the part that y'all wanted.
They made Final Fantasy VII and X, and I don't know, I think XII's in there too.
They made them all pixel sprites from the characters to the monsters and bosses, right?
But you get all the classic music and all that.
So I thought, now it is a free to play game.
So they do have some, you know, money elements in it where you can get like better equipment
and you can get some other things with a premium currency.
But I was pretty impressed with what they give you for the free baseline experience.
Oh my Lord.
Damn me for having a Windows phone.
That sucks.
Oh, they'll never come out for that.
So yeah, I gotta say, Record Keepers for a Final Fantasy mobile game is pretty cool.
It's worth checking out for free.
Brianna can download it at least.
Let me borrow your phone.
Yes.
Let me borrow your phone, please.
Love it.
All right.
So that was my gaming week.
So quickly, some housekeeping here in studio.
Of course, follow us on Twitter, please, twitter.com slash O L R. We're also on Facebook, facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio, and we're even on Google plus at google.com slash plus orange
lounge radio.
All one word.
We will get to the frugal question of the week a little later on.
And as I'm mentioning every week until it gets here, we will be broadcasting live April
11th.
We'll be broadcasting from the Sacramento Indie Arcade event brought to you by the Sacramento
IGDA, whom are here in the studio tonight.
Some of the folks from that and yeah, we'll be there live from 10 AM to 5 PM and you can
check that out on Saturday.
And I'm hoping if for whatever reason you miss it, I don't want you to miss it, but
if you have to miss it, cause like, you know, I don't know, WrestleMania is next Saturday
as well, or two Saturdays now as well.
It's today.
It's tonight.
That's my joke.
That's my joke.
Uh, we're hoping that you'll be able to later after the fact, go back and like, listen to
it.
We're going to try to archive it and all that good stuff so you can hear it, but please
be there Saturday.
Be there live.
Darn it.
Because just like we interact with you guys during the show, there may be opportunities
where you can ask questions in chat and we'll ask who happens to be sitting with us at the
moment, those questions.
So if you're not here live, you will miss out on that.
Will there be loot?
Check that out.
Will there be loot?
Probably.
Probably.
I'll talk to Bobby about that on a vognetwork.com special loot, uh, available, um, loot in person
as well.
Right now through vognetwork.com, you can do the whole digital loot.
Uh, if you're a member of the site, which is free, we don't charge for that.
That's not cool.
So you can go there and you get, we're not going to, you can actually get like loot just
for participating with the site and checking into shows.
If you're listening live, you check in, you get, you know, a little something, something,
some points.
Uh, and then, um, uh, if you listen to the podcast, there's a word hidden somewhere in
the podcast.
You can use that on the front page.
You can check in and get, uh, points and that often leads to loot.
Uh, so yeah, I'm pretty sure we're going to have some type of special loot for the Sac
IGDA event.
I don't know why we wouldn't, uh, Bobby and I just have to work out the specifics of that
for sure.
But IRL loot, are there going to be, are there going to be giveaways at the event, the Sac
Arcade event?
We are.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
We are planning that we do have a few, um, we did get a few, uh, uh, price, uh, sponsors.
Um, and we are still working on a few more things that I can't just say yet because if
it doesn't happen, then I'm going to upset a lot of people.
But if it happens, then everyone's going to love us even more than they do now.
But yes, we are going to have some giveaways, um, that we're aiming for.
And uh, yeah, that's, I mean, I know, I know for sure there may be a couple, there may
be for the tournaments, uh, amiibo, uh, yeah, Nintendo amiibo stuff, um, a couple, there's,
I think, um, we have, uh, did we receive codes for, um, uh, construct, I think so.
Yeah.
So, uh, construct was the game, the games of development software, uh, very popular,
very popular.
So yeah, so there, so we're going to have those as well, but there's still more stuff
incoming.
So we're good.
It's going to be last late minute stuff.
I already know it.
It's very cool.
You know what?
Sometimes the best ideas happen that way.
All right.
Uh, there you go with housekeeping.
Let's get into some news and talk about what is going on in the universe of video gaming
this week.
There's been quite a bit, right?
Logie?
Color me not surprised, but, um, they made the announcement that Zelda isn't going to
make it for 2015.
I know I'm totally shocked that they delayed the game.
I'm relieved as a game developer.
My schedule was around, it was going to be around that between that and star Fox.
Forget it.
I'm glad because like, good.
Now you've given us a reprieve technically, but anyway, I digress basically just reiterating
that, um, they're not making it a priority to release it in 2015 and so they're making
it a priority to have a quality game, which I don't think anyone's going to argue against
that.
Um, and then also going on to further say that, you know, at E3 this year, they're going
to be showing off games for 2015 only.
Well, it's supposedly, we'll see.
Well, I am all for Zelda getting delayed.
If that's what they have to do to make the game they want to do, then yes, delay it.
And we all know you've, you've seen it all around Twitter.
The Miyamoto quote about, you know, a bad game is going to be a bad game forever, but
a good game, you know, is always going to be a good game.
I'm totally paraphrasing.
I don't have the exact quote in front of me, but you know, delay it and make a good game
that people will remember.
That's fine.
But the reality is, and as much of a Nintendo fan boys, you might be, you have to realize
that was a huge tent pole for Nintendo's 2015 holiday.
That was something that was sold me a Wii U.
Now I'm not buying a Wii U until that comes out.
Right.
So what's going to fill in that gap now?
And that I imagine is what we'll hear about at E3.
Star Fox.
I mean, you think maybe they'll bump Star Fox?
I thought Star Fox was supposed to be a little sooner than that.
Interesting.
It was supposed to be a few months before, um, Zelda, but yeah, I mean, but again, I'm
completely okay with it.
I mean, I, I mean, I foresee definitely Star Fox, but I think they're going to be fine.
They're going to come up with another surprise.
I just don't know.
I, I, my gut tells me it's going to be a mainline Mario game.
And I don't know if that means they're going to try to crank out like a 3d land to real
quick.
I fingers and toes crossed galaxy three, I think is what a lot of us would like to see.
Yeah.
That's or even, and I'm even willing to go far enough and say, if they want to do a new
Mario series, you know, cause the game cube had sunshine, the, we had galaxy, if they
were to do a brand new Mario, I think that's fine too.
There is Mario maker.
That's supposed to be coming this year as well.
There's systems.
Yeah.
I kind of, I kind of put that as a, I mean, that's, I, I'm like that I want to pick that
up.
I want to buy that, but that's, that's kind of like a more like the kind of something
that should be out long before holiday.
You know?
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
So I'm very curious to see, Hey, I'll take an F zero remaster for the Wii U.
Thank you.
Nintendo.
Amen to that.
Amen.
A remaster like Pikmin two or something dumb like that.
I don't know.
We'll see.
It's what you wanted.
You get Pikmin two.
No, no.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see what happens there.
Uh, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com dark Tetsuya says, I remember watching the
video.
I could just sense that they would announce a delay to 2016, but I agree with Miyamoto's
philosophy on delayed games.
Tiger claw says you think they would make a new super Mario brothers three.
I would like to see another in that series.
See, I kind of think that's the gap that Mario maker fills.
I think something, you know, you know, cause Mario is a huge universe.
Obviously.
I think something in the 3d Mario space would be great, but we'll, we'll see.
Well, Mario 3d world was spectacular.
It definitely falls into prob, probably my top 10 of all time for sure.
Because, because that, because I mean, not since Mario world and Mario 64 has a Mario
game blown me away.
Like, like, yeah, I love galaxy.
They'll give me one.
I can, I just have to say, I can tell you're from Jersey cause you say Mario and I don't
hear that outside of east coast.
I apologize to the English language for my vowel misrepresentation, but yeah, I mean,
but yeah, Mario sunshine galaxy, not to discredit those games.
Those games were beautiful, wonderful games, but Marrow 3d world literally brought back
what was missing completely from a Mario game.
Not then.
So yeah.
You know, so I can see that I can definitely see it, but if they're going to do a new super
Mario brothers game, they need to really change it up because that Wii U one, yeah, it was
pretty, but it was really just a remake of the Wii version.
So again, I think Mario maker is going to fill that gap.
I don't think we need to have two of those in a year, but I mean, I, I wouldn't complain.
I'm not going to talk bad about it.
Does that mean we'll get a third Mario amiibo that everyone's going to like cream themselves
over?
I mean, seriously, be careful what you wish for.
Well, technically there are three already.
Don't forget.
There's the gold one.
Oh, well that's totally different than the other one.
I mean, they didn't just slap paint on it or here's, here's what hasn't happened yet.
And you know, it's going to happen is good use for those amiibos pipe down salty man.
I'm talking about pixelated amiibo.
There's pixel Mario and pixel Luigi.
You know that it'll happen.
Oh, no.
It, you know, it shake your head all you want.
You know, it's coming.
Bring it.
They're going to, if they're, they're taking a page out of the Activision playbook, milk
that shit till it's dry.
All right.
I'm moving on some other information coming out of Nintendo and that is a splatoon splatoon.
Let's not forget.
That's a game that's coming out before the holiday over the summer.
I think if some of the Facebook posts are to be listened to, but they're talking about
that splatoon is going to do for action shooters, what Mario Kart did for racing.
At least that's what Reggie Fils-Aime said, saying, quote, it's aiming to do for action
shooters, what Mario Kart did for racing.
Also saying it's a major new IP for Nintendo.
The game is not just about kills.
It's supposed to be fun no matter what your skill level is.
So we'll see more about, you know, the fun factor when the game is released.
That's going to be a fun game period because I've seen so many videos of that and yeah.
It's very refreshing to see Nintendo finally bring us something new, new, new.
It just looks insanely fun though.
I kind of love the idea of, you know, Nintendo kind of realized, oh yeah, like shit loads
of people are playing Halo and Destiny.
How can, how can we kind of put our own spin on that?
And I think that's what you're seeing with this.
And I think more importantly with something like Splatoon, I think we talked about on
a previous episode, Splatoon is being developed by like a younger team, you know, a greener
team at Nintendo.
And so this is really a chance for them to say, you know, we're going to do our own thing
and here it is.
And I think wasn't it the same team that did Animal Crossing, which ended up being huge?
I want, I want to say, I want to say yes, but yeah, I'm not sure.
So anyway, I'm just excited to see, you know, what they put together, fourth quarter game
right there.
You know, Splatoon is supposed to be out sooner than that.
No, no, no, no, no.
Animal Crossing.
I fucking hope so.
I'm sorry.
I know some of y'all are over it, but if they, especially if they can kind of do something
new with it, like that's my one wish for Animal Crossing is I really need to see them do something
new.
I want Isabelle the rampage.
You want to see a Splatoon crossover.
I want Isabelle to go postal.
So you want Isabelle as a character in Splatoon, except her paint gun is replaced with an actual
gun.
As long as Tom Nook does not get her revenge through public works.
She'll just build a bench on you.
One thing that might be a bummer for some people is that Splatoon will not have voice
chat.
It has been confirmed and you know, rumors are going around about this, but it was confirmed
this week.
Splatoon will not have voice chat.
So you cannot communicate with your teammates online unless, I don't know, you do a Skype
thing.
I know a lot of people that when they play the Nintendo stuff, they just have Skype on
their mobile phone and so I don't know, but for whatever reason they've decided not to
implement that.
It's too bad they couldn't tie like voice chat to, I don't know, some sort of parental
settings or something that are on the console.
I mean, they have that, right?
They can do that.
That would be very forward thinking.
Yeah, it's not, it's not heavily utilized and I, and I honestly, I don't blame Nintendo
for the voice chat thing because let's face it, look at what happened with Microsoft when
they, when they created the party chat idea.
Everyone went bonkers over, oh my God, we could chat with our own people and not have
to worry about talking with others.
But unfortunately that's exactly what happened.
And now no one hears anybody at all anymore when they play multiplayer because they're
in a party.
They're in a party chat.
That actually raises a good point.
Like when I played Destiny, when I played Destiny, it was all about party chat.
You didn't, I mean, I think that's part of why they didn't even put voice chat.
And remember voice chat isn't in Destiny if you randomly connect with people.
And I think that was probably half the whole, you know, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck
you factor for some people.
Right.
And much more colorful language coming out of those mouths and half the factor of people
are playing in party mode anyway.
Yup.
That's true.
And I, and I, and with this being on Nintendo, yeah, the last thing you need is a, is a 10
year old on Nintendo.
You hear it on Halo, Call of Duty, that's fine, but you don't hear parents getting all
upset about it.
But if they hear it on a Nintendo game, it'll be on the phone.
It'll be on the nightly news.
It'll be on Fox 40 tonight.
Little kid hears fuck while playing Splatoon, film at 11.
First time ever.
Who cares?
That, that's why, why bother paying attention to your news channel if that's the kind of
news that they're reporting.
I mean, it's like, Bob took a shit today, you know, news at six.
It's like, who gives a fuck?
Did he flush find out tonight at seven?
People do this stuff all the time.
It's like, I don't understand why any of this is news.
It's America.
That's why people watch it.
That's America.
That's why Jamie just has this look of disgust.
It was, no, it wasn't that it was just a line from Arthur popped in my head.
I think I'll take a bath.
I'll alert the media.
You all remember that movie, right?
You went there.
Talk about old school.
Talk about old school.
All right.
My mom's favorite movie next to Fiddler on the Roof.
Uh, I was going to say, I was going to say, she's surprised her daughter's a Jew now.
Okay.
I was going to say, aren't they going to remake Arthur?
And then I remembered they did remake Arthur.
It's just, it was awful.
Anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
Moving on.
Speaking of watching movies, dark soccer.
Well, I do have something for fans of, of the walking dead, I guess.
Um, and who have PlayStations.
If you are a PlayStation view subscriber, you get AMC, which didn't they play all the
black and white movies and then they decided that they were going to be relevant?
Yup.
Yes they did.
Yeah, they did actually.
This is supposed to be American movie classics.
This is where I used to watch Orson Welles presenting War of the Worlds.
Actually what happened, Jamie, we got older and then suddenly movies like Pretty Woman
are a classic and it's like, shit, when did I get old?
Or like, you know, you listen to classic rock and it's like that song by Aerosmith
that everybody's sung in high school.
Living on the edge, you can't.
It's like, wait a minute, wait a minute.
This is classic rock now.
Hold up, hold up.
I ain't that old.
Oops.
Yes I am.
Yes we are.
I wanted to cry when I was in Alabama listening to one of the classic rock stations and they
played gorillas.
I wanted, I wanted to find a possum cause it's the south.
I wanted to find a possum and kick it.
Take this possum, that's for gorillas.
So anyway, they've got different access packages that are going to come up.
It also includes IFC, Sundance, WeTV, and it's, right now it's only available in New
York, Philadelphia, and Chicago.
So you get the three ones, which is Access Core and Elite.
Access has 50 different channels, I'm not naming them all, except they have food networks.
That's pretty awesome.
For 50 bucks a month and then you get access.
You can never watch enough Chopped.
You can never watch enough Chopped.
Okay.
Do you want to know what my porn crack is?
What?
Watching a cooking show while eating.
That's kind of like me, except I like to watch NBC's The Biggest Loser while eating Ben and
Jerry's and then I cry and I don't know why.
I can't watch that show because I found out what they do to those poor people.
It's pretty bad.
I can't support that show.
I choose to be ignorant.
Do they turn them into meat at the end?
No, that's not how the sausage is made.
Okay.
Anyway, the last package is going to be like 70 bucks a month and there's actually a thing
about it on Wired if people want to find out the plus and minuses, but AMC will be involved
in all of the channels.
PlayStation Vue is on PS3 and PS4.
You know what?
I've never watched Walking Dead.
I have a story about Walking Dead.
Could that be because Walking Dead is on Sunday nights and we kind of do something else on
Sunday nights?
I have a story about that though.
What?
About my mother.
Okay.
I'm going to do my mom voice.
You know, I thought that Walking Dead show was going to be kind of stupid, so I said
I wasn't going to watch it.
And then I was watching something with Michael, her husband, and I was like, hey, this is
pretty good.
What is it?
He's like, Walking Dead.
Well, shit.
And that's my story that my mom told me while I was in Alabama.
Bravo.
Here's my thing though.
AMC kind of needs a new show.
Look, I'm not trying to insult the Walking Dead fans out there, but how much time does
your show have left?
Because pretty soon everybody's going to be dead.
But they're still going to be walking.
No, it's just going to be What's His Face.
Looking all angry and rednecky.
Awesome.
With a gun, sitting on top of a pile of zombies.
Go ahead.
Bring it.
No, because now you'll be able to play him in Silent Hills, assuming that is still happening.
And I want E3 to clarify.
Silent Hills.
I need Konami to clarify some things, please.
All right.
Anyway, it'll be on the gambling machine.
Sorry.
I don't think I talked about that yet.
I talked about it on Bobby's show.
I talked about it here.
I was in Reno over the weekend, just on an impromptu trip.
Trip.
Trick.
Oh, shit.
Uh oh.
No.
Trip.
That's how he got his gambling money.
Guess who's paid for dinner tonight, y'all?
Anyway.
Wow.
So I went up there on an impromptu trip, and I was playing some nerdy machines, because
I saw a Jenga machine, and I was like, that reminds me of Gamer X. I'm playing Jenga.
But then I saw a Dungeons & Dragons slot machine, and I was like, oh my god, they're coming
after nerds.
They're trying to get nerds to get old people.
Oh my god.
Old people don't know what this is.
Yeah.
They're gonna think it's the devil.
Except here's the problem, Loki.
Dungeons & Dragons was in the 70s, and so there's a lot of people who you would call
quote unquote old people that were our age when Dungeons & Dragons came out, so...
Mm-hmm.
I'm talking about really old people.
I'm talking about people that would have been, you know, playing Dungeons & Dragons.
People older than that.
Oh, okay.
Like people that voted for the governor of Indiana.
Like that type of thing.
Oh boy.
Gotta throw a little shade while I can.
All right, anyway.
I didn't say misinformed, I said older.
Buzzing.
All right, anyway, so the Dungeons & Dragons machine made by Konami, I didn't even notice
that.
I tweeted about it, and somebody replied to my tweet saying, Konami frown.
And I was like, oh my god, it is a Konami game.
So this is, they've let Kojima go to make Dungeons & Dragons slot machines.
Yep.
I guess there's money to be made there.
All right, anyway.
I digress.
Loki, what else is in the news tonight?
I've gone from walking dead to gambling.
So hey look, Twitch had a security breach, and passwords and stuff came out, so they
reset your password, and is anyone shocked by this?
Major website has a security breach.
Loki, it's the internet.
Things I put in the internet should be safe, because it's interneted.
Yes, that's correct.
That's how the internet works.
The good thing though is they basically said, hey, you know what, well I don't know if it's
good.
Their quote was, there may have been a little bit of an unauthorized access to some of your
Twitch user account information, including the possibility of your Twitch username, associated
email address, your password, the last IP you logged in from, maybe some limited credit
card information, card type, card number expiration, and some of the following, first, last name,
phone number, address, date of birth, if you put that stuff in there.
But hey, it's a good thing we don't store the full credit card number.
But your passwords were protected.
In the cloud probably, because Amazon owns it now, so it's in their cloud technology.
That's a good point.
But your credit card number's all safe in the cloud, everything's in the cloud.
Nobody bad will get in the cloud.
But they reset it, so you have to go do that.
My thing is, I forget what my Twitch name is on there anyways, because I use it so frequently.
Well, I'm Rob Roberts on Twitch, that's easy enough to find, but I was going to say, yeah,
they made you reset your password, so there's that whole thing, but this is just your weekly
reminder at this point, because it seems like we have one of these stories every week these
days, but this is your weekly reminder, use different passwords on different websites.
Use an app like what was 1Password or some of those, if that helps you out at all.
And two-step authentication would be nice.
Two-step authentication, always smart.
Which I don't think they have.
No, I don't think they do.
Not yet, but maybe that'll come soon, who knows, so you might need it.
All right, well, moving on, talking a little something different here about region locking.
We talk a lot about region locking on OLR, and basically it all boils down to, why do
they still do this shit?
It is on the internet, I can download it from anywhere, I want people from Finland to download
my demo.
Is there a reason to region lock Crumple?
Hey, bro, is there a reason you might want to region lock that?
No.
Yeah.
It's not like there's any text or anything like that other than the title, where it's
like, what is it saying?
I don't know what it's saying.
Or complex and antiquated rights, music, laws that would maybe prevent that.
You don't have any of that.
I wrote the music for it.
Let it go around the world, I beg it to.
That someone's not going to copyright strike that for some reason.
My thought, though, is that they do have a lot of different, especially when you get
on a console or something, where you have to submit your game to these different organizations
that do the ratings and stuff like that.
It costs money to do that.
I don't know how that works as far as if we just made it region-free, because obviously
it's worked for Sony for the last few generations.
Well, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PSP, and Vita.
So they haven't really had any problems there, so I don't know how to get around it.
This could be something that could affect Nacho.
We're talking about games, but it goes even beyond that.
And this could be very interesting if this pans out.
The European Commission, apparently, this week said they want to remove regional limits
on digital goods.
And one of the things they're looking at that's specifically cited is watching US Netflix
from the United Kingdom, because you know a lot of other countries want the US Netflix
because we have more stuff.
Granted, I want to say sometimes, though, it's the other way around, too.
They have things we don't have.
Some of the BBC shows, I know, though, the BBC website used to have a lot of their content
region-locked.
And they unlocked all of it, so for TV shows that are on, you know, TV over there.
Yeah.
It's just sad that it takes Europeans, once again, not Americans, Europeans, it takes
them to start this.
I don't care where it starts, as long as it...
But it's like, we should be doing this.
It's like, we talk all this smack about ourselves, you know, our egotistical ways, you know,
the country's egotistical ways, and yet we, you know, hear the Europeans beating us again.
I actually had someone I went to high school with unfriend me because I sent her the link
about how many things we are no longer number one in.
Oh!
Well...
But I have my big foam finger, this is we're number one.
But is there such a thing as, like, Japanese television, Netflix, because I want that.
There isn't.
I think Korea does, though.
I think Korea has something like that.
I want, like, Tekashi's Castle, all the episodes.
I just want the Jdrama channel.
Well, anyway, it might start in Europe.
And again, this is maybe, this is just a new strategy that's being outlined called the
Digital Single Market.
This will prevent companies from geo-blocking online services when it's not truly necessary.
Now see, that's a gray term to me, and that's what's going to take a while to figure out
what is necessary.
But the type of arbitrary limit would not be able to exist in a single European Union-wide
digital marketplace.
So more information supposedly coming in May when the full strategy is due.
But yeah, you would not have to, you would not get locked out.
You could watch French Netflix while you're in Germany, whatever.
That is all going to be the European Union.
Now, keep in mind, because it's the European Union, that isn't necessarily going to have
an impact on us in America.
But again, if we start hearing about all the good shit they have over there, one thing
Americans are really good at is complaining.
So we're going to start complaining to Netflix in droves, well, I can't hear you.
You raised my prices.
There's a fly in my soup.
You raised my prices.
Give me European content.
So that is one, but we are number one in complaining.
I don't think anybody's going to dispute me there.
Nope.
All right.
Anyhow, just an interesting statistic that goes along with that, that might explain why
this is happening, by the way.
9% of console games sold digitally in 2014, 58% of PC games sold digitally in 2014.
Now that's Germany, and that's the second biggest video game market after the UK.
But you've got to think, those numbers probably aren't drastically different here in the U.S.
I don't imagine so.
Especially when you see how the PC shelf space is shrinking at a place like GameStop.
I wonder if it's higher here.
And how many people, like Loki over here, with how many games on his Steam account alone.
So I saw that yesterday when we were doing a game jam.
One of my guys, Nicholas, he pulled up his Steam account, and I swore I saw probably
200 plus games.
I'm like, have you played all of these?
Like, nope.
I'm embarrassed to bring mine up.
I would not want to show.
I'm not going to show you.
If you ask me, I'm going to say, no, some things are private, and you shouldn't be asked
about it.
My Steam library is one of them.
My PlayStation Network account's starting to get like that too now.
It's getting pretty, with the crazy sales they're doing too.
It's something else.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, we haven't really given our friends in the UK, except for just now, of course.
You know, in the past, normally the UK was sort of my big thing.
There is a study out now about UK children and what they're doing that makes them pretty
lazy.
UK children are spending six hours a day in front of a screen, on average.
And this isn't necessarily just like TV, but it includes TV, playing video games, using
a mobile device, a personal computer, or a tablet.
And this was based off of a survey of 2,000 children between 5 and 16.
It's called the Connected Kids Report.
So basically, it's actually, teenage girls are spending about seven and a half hours
watching the screens, compared with 3.5 hours of TV viewing in 1995.
And boys spend longer times, up to eight hours, in front of screens.
So they clearly don't work in a call center.
And then, love video games, where we spend 12 hours in front of the screen, but...
Only?
Only.
Jeez.
No, seriously.
But basically, the big thing...
One of these days, Dark Soccer, if somebody's gonna do something crazy, like create this
headset where you just strap the screen right in front of your space, and the screen moves
with you everywhere you go.
Fox News at 6.
VR headsets will make you blind, because the screen's in front of you.
No, it's gonna be the game in Star Trek, The Next Generation.
They're gonna play a clip of some old woman, or whatever, from a long time ago.
If you sit so close to the screen, you'll go blind!
There's my proof right there.
It's gonna make people blind.
Then it's gonna end.
Thanks, Obama.
But we digress.
Anyway, the big thing is that they're saying that TV is actually less important to children
who are using their DVR services more, and they pay for Netflix and YouTube.
They watch that much more than actual television, than broadcast television.
And another thing that was reported to the BBC is that the internet has become, basically,
their biggest source of information.
Now I will pause this in saying that I went over to my friend Becky's house last night
to find that Julian plays an MMORPG, made for kids, called Pirate101.
And he's talking about, yeah, I need to do this or else my damage will decrease, and
I'm like, blink blink, you're gonna be playing WoW before too long.
But I mean, it's the same thing.
When I was seven, I was playing games in the 80s on my Nintendo.
Same diff.
Same thing.
As you know, when I was seven, I was playing the ColecoVision.
And I was getting yelled at by my mother, Rab, you're sitting too close to the TV, Rab.
But I'm like, that's the only way I'm gonna actually be able to shoot the ducks, is to
get right in front of the damn TV.
Oh, no no no no.
My mom was like, you're too close to the TV, what, can you not see it?
And then, you know, three years later I get glasses.
Because I'm nearsighted, I was like, well gee, mom, maybe that should have been your
first clue.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games
ruining vision near you.
First in America, Loki.
Yeah, so now we have one of the first expansions for Sims 4, Sims 4, get back to work!
I don't want to.
On PC.
Story of Seasons on 3DS.
On PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, they're kind of doing a bundle from Square Enix, they've
got Just Cause, Sleeping Dogs, and Tomb Raider bundled together for $29.99, and that's the
ultimate action triple pack, because, you know, they've got to race off some of those
old discs.
Toa Kidin, Kowami on Vita, and we've got MLB 15 the Show on Vita, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation
4, as well as the MLB The Show 10th Anniversary Edition on PlayStation 4 as well.
Also the Ultimate Stealth Pack, which is another compilation by Square Enix, including Thief,
Hitman, and Deus Ex.
And then we've got RBI Baseball 15 on PC.
What else do we have here?
Lots of baseball.
It's all being released at the same time.
Let's see.
Oh, that'll be it, actually.
We end with baseball.
Alright, fair enough.
Well, let's travel over to Japan, and I'm going to start off with a whopper here, because
on April 2nd, Loki, listen up, Earth Defense Force is 4.1, the Shadow of New Despair comes
out of Japan on April 2nd on the PlayStation 4.
Do not say that.
That is one of my...
Oh, you two should be besties, because he talks about that all the time, Earth Defense
Force.
I even got Brianna into that game.
She was, you know, yeah, ee-dee, yeah, ee-dee, yeah, ee-dee, text message, yeah, yeah, just
incredible.
Oh, my God.
I saw the trailer for, wait, is that only for PlayStation?
That is on PlayStation 4, at least in Japan.
Remember, I'm reading Japanese release dates, so that's coming out of Japan, but PS4 region
free, right?
Or no?
Yes.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Well.
Oh, boy.
I was going to get a PS4 today, and I didn't, and I had to change my mind.
They'll eventually release it over here, just...
No, no, no, I can't wait.
No, it's Earth Defense Force.
I will import that game.
I understand.
I understand.
Lego Batman 3, also seeing a release in Japan this week.
I'm going to check the Xbox One for you, but I don't see...
No, it was only on PlayStation 4.
Yeah, I don't see Earth Defense Force there.
I do see Dark Souls 2 on April 9th, but that's on the Xbox One.
But that Earth Defense Force game is just an upgrade of, you know, 2048 or whatever
the last one was that they had come out.
Yep, 2025.
2025.
That's close enough.
So, I mean, that's good, but I really wanted just a new Earth Defense Force game.
Well, maybe you will.
Maybe you will.
On the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week, Dai 3G Super Robot Taisen Z Tengoku Hen comes
out this week from Bandai Namco, who makes...
That's a series that will never die.
I was going to say, yeah.
Makes those games all the time.
All the time.
On the Wii U this week, we have Lego Batman 3 on the Wii U, as well as Rodea the Sky Soldier
comes out on the Wii U this week.
And on the handheld systems this week, on the Vita, we have that same Dai 3G Super Robot
Taisen, and we also have Norn 9, Norn plus Nonet Last Era comes out on the Vita this
week.
And lastly, but not leastly, on the 3DS this week, that Lego Batman game is out there as
well.
Some new cover plates, just to rub it in a little bit, which you will not be seeing ever
in the States, because they won't release that little 3DS here.
But if you're in Japan, you can get some Zelda and Xenoblade face plates for your new
3DS.
Oh, God.
Xenoblade also getting its Japanese release this week on April the 2nd.
That's kind of a big deal.
Also Terra Formars, Akaki Hoshi no Gekitou comes out, and one more from Capcom here.
That was impressive, by the way, dude.
What's that?
That was impressive.
I was like...
How you read that?
That was good.
Bless your hearts.
After all these years, it's finally happened.
Somebody has complimented my Japanese.
I never...
I just need a moment.
I'd like to make all...
How you fill in the klempt?
A little bit.
A little bit.
Gaya Kuten Saiben 5 also gets a price reduction.
You know that is, right?
Actually, I don't.
Ace Attorney.
Is it?
Oh, it is.
No kidding.
Phoenix Wright.
There it is.
So that gets a little price reduction if you need to catch up on that in Japan this week.
There you go.
That's it for Japan.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
On the 30th, as I mentioned last week, Bloodsportz.tv on PC, 31st Neverwinter for Xbone.
I'm sorry, Xbox One.
April 1st, Pool Nation FX.
Let me go to actually official April now.
On the 2nd, we have Xenoblade Chronicles for 3DS.
On the 3rd, Dark Souls II, Scholar of the First Sin on Damn Near Everything.
And that's it.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
We're gonna run through these quickly for time, Loki.
I wasn't looking up.
Oh, there it is.
Ooh, $59.99.
That's not too bad.
Loki, news, news.
Sorry.
Distracted.
So anyways, this is pretty cool if you live in Russia.
You can actually play Halo Online, much like they did Call of Duty Online.
Now they have an online-only version of Halo where you can play multiplayer games and it's
free to play.
That's pretty awesome.
It is running on a modified version of the Halo 3 engine.
And I guess it's supposed to take place on the secret UNSC space installation called
Anvil.
Looks pretty awesome.
Too bad they'll never ever come over here.
Uh, I would hope maybe it's being tested and maybe we could see it here.
Why did they pick Russia though?
That's what I don't understand.
Same thing happened with Call of Duty Online.
It never came out over here either and that's in China.
That's true.
And Civilization Online is in China only.
I tried playing Call of Duty Online.
Did you?
It's awesome because it was all the Call of Duty 1 and 2 maps with the Call of Duty Modern
Warfare 3.
Or I'm sorry, the Modern Warfare 1 and 2 maps with the Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 engine
and weapons.
So is Halo a super big deal in Russia?
We're just not aware?
I don't know.
Yeah, I mean because we know Starcraft and Korea.
We know how they roll.
They release Dynasty Warriors Online everywhere.
Why the hell couldn't they do Halo Online?
I'm sure if it's free to play someone will find a way to be able to get around it where
you can play it.
Patch it.
Yeah.
Maybe it won't be Apache.
You'll just play it in Russian.
I mean that's how it worked with Fantasy Star Online 2.
A lot of people did that because you weren't supposed to play that outside Japan.
True that.
Hey, wouldn't it be awesome if they brought that to the Wii U?
That might be pretty nice.
You know why you gotta fucking tease me?
Like why do you gotta do that?
You know that's a soft spot for me.
Why are you doing that?
Alright, because I know they'll never do it.
Maybe.
I know I have some Russian people on Twitter at least.
I don't know if they still listen to OLR actively, but if you're out there and you're in Russia,
how's the Halo scene out there?
Any insight as to why you're getting this and the rest of us aren't?
Sniff.
Anyhow, speaking of Xbox related things, the April system update, you can actually check
that out right now.
Some of the previews going on for that if you're in the preview program including voice
messages finally on the Xbox One.
We talked a little bit about that last week, but voice messages making their way in the
April update.
Dedicated servers for party chat.
So to kind of follow up earlier that more and more people are using nothing but party
chat.
Yeah, there are going to be some dedicated chat relay servers that will kind of make
them run more reliably and the what's on area which highlights videos, movies, TV shows
and game broadcasts.
They are doing some enhancements and just generally trying to make the algorithm and
that work a little better.
So that's all what you have to look forward to in the April update.
An answer of sorts to the 2.5 update that hit the PlayStation this past week.
All right, but you know what, let's go back to a much more classic time in gaming.
We didn't have face plates.
Yeah, you didn't have face plates.
You didn't have updates to your console.
What is that?
They just kept shrinking.
Or maybe you would get like a top loader NES that you'd never be able to find.
Or your Genesis would shrink.
It's the classic game of the week.
And every week Dark Soccer is going to step into the vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you kids and your halos on lines and your Earth Defense Force 41s and all this
stuff.
Don't mock that game dude.
That's EDF dude.
We got to pay our respects to a classic game first.
So Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week this week?
I will preface this saying that I went specifically looking for a treasure game because you cannot
go wrong with a treasure game.
So today's classic game of the week came out on the Genesis slash Mega Drive and it is
called Dynamite Heady.
Oh my goodness.
Wow.
It came out in 1994 when I was a senior in high school and it was on Mega Drive and Genesis
Game Gear and there was a Master System version.
I'm not sure if it was just one of those Brazilian releases because they still love the Master
System in Brazil.
There was a 32X port planned but who likes the 32X?
Nobody who owned Winded.
I do.
Oh wait.
Well, I've got a couple of 32Xs and I pretty much just play Calibri on it.
Or Space Harrier.
Nice.
Because Space Harrier is my third favorite game.
Good choice.
Anyway, it has been ported onto the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007 and was included in
the Gunstar Heroes treasure box collection for PS2 and the Sonic's Ultimate Genesis collection
for Xbox 360 and PS3.
So this is a game where you basically play a puppet who can take off his head and beat
people with it.
I'll read the official thing.
Eddie arrives in a place called Northtown to see that this evil puppet king has been
attacking people and turning all the peaceful toys into evil minions.
And so he got captured, got rejected, and he's like, well screw you, I'm going to stop
this.
And so he did.
So basically he's a puppet with a detachable head and his head can be fired in eight different
directions and he can use it to smack obstacles as well as reach items.
He can hold onto a thing called a hangman, lets him pull himself up platforms.
So he's sort of like Bionic Commando with his head.
You also can find a case walking around called Head Case that can give his head special damage.
So basically this is a game where you get head.
Anyway, so he basically can get like homing stars or he can suck things off the screen
and he has different heads that have invulnerability or shrinking and all kinds of other special
things can go on.
It even has a side scrolling shooter stage so that heady can charge and use his different
head types.
You know, I have to pause for a second because every time I think of head, I think of the
monkeys movie head and they were quoted saying that if ever they did a sequel, they wanted
it to be from the people who gave you head.
I love the monkeys.
Anyway, so basically you have all kinds of different scenes, different locations, you
find a different boss, and then you have to collect all these different pieces from
defeating keymasters.
Are you the keymaster?
Are you the gatekeeper?
Anyway, and you know basically just make it through the game.
You also get the liberty head, ho head, where you enter a bonus stage with your head and
shoot basketballs into hoops.
So you get different codes and when you compile the code at the end you get a bonus stage.
So you've got different characters in the games.
You have heady, you have a girl with floating hands called heather, although her other name
is fangie.
Does she throw her fingers around?
No, she just uses her fingers for the keymaster.
You have dark demon or king dark demon.
You have trouble bruin or mariyama.
You have head case, also known as mokun, I'm sure you can figure out what the Japanese
ones are by now.
You have hangman or hukun.
You have bow or yakun.
You have bino.
You have mad dog slash bounty bounty.
That's actually a cooler name.
Wooden dresser or Jacqueline dressy, as she's called.
Spinderella, who wasn't she the DJ for Salt-N-Pepa?
Spinderella was in this game?
Awesome.
The other name is motor hand.
It would be funny if it was motor head.
I just gotta say in our chat room real quick over at live.vognetwork.com AkumaJP is saying
is this a horror game?
You know and I'm like no cause when you're running around giving random people head that's
not horror.
Unless it's from someone you didn't want to give that you had.
Well AkumaJP says oh so this is a horror porn game.
And I'm like and that caused me to think about what are some horror porn games that I've
played.
This is the horrifying one.
It's the character named baby face also known as mitsuru.
It was the fourth keymaster which is a baby head on a pole.
Wow.
And he gets older every time he goes to his treasure.
Gatekeeper you have nasty gatekeeper, nasty.
You have twin freak slash reaver face and smiley.
So dynamite heady it was a really good game.
I mean it's just treasure can hardly do anything wrong pretty much.
When it came out it got EGM gave it a seven point six out of ten.
Famitsu gave it an eight out of ten which is not bad for Famitsu back in the day.
It's just it was a really good game and that's all I have to say.
Treasure or as my friend says it treasure.
Treasure.
There it is your classic game of the week dynamite heady.
The prequel to dynamite rave.
Just kidding.
What?
Thingy.
Going to our chat room where they're talking about horror porn.
Bobby Blackwell saying phantasmagoria.
I was the first one I thought about but that night trap.
I thought it was a night trap.
That's if we're gonna take it there with full FMV night trap.
That was more than anything else but oh god bless phantasmagoria good call that was a
great game.
Alright.
I named that last week as a game I thought had been really dated though.
Yeah.
Phantasmagoria.
Yeah.
Alright.
Good game though.
We're gonna take a break though.
There's plenty more Orange Laundry to come believe it or not.
We're gonna really run through part B when you guys come back with some rapid fire news.
The FUCL Question of the Week.
Some news about one of something Loki has raved about on this show time and time again.
Going to the next level.
Pun intended.
And we're gonna talk about that when we come back with part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
Also your emails, the FUs of the Week, and your phone calls if you wanna give us a call
at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll get to all that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this March the 29th of 2015 with the 592nd episode of our show already
in progress.
I will say though here Gabriel and Brianna are friends from the Sacramento IGDA.
They're actually about ready to head out, take care of some other business before it's
back to the work week tomorrow.
Oh God.
But I wanted to thank you guys so much for coming to the show tonight.
Thank you.
Seriously.
You guys have been so great in like promoting us and VOG and I am glad we can do the same
for you guys and we so look forward to the event.
Saturday after this coming one's coming right around the corner.
Very excited.
Yep.
Yep.
And it's a pleasure.
It's a pleasure to have this happen.
So thank you.
Thank you for broadcasting live at our event too because everybody put a lot of heart into
this and we just wanna share that with your listeners.
So thank you.
We're happy to do it.
We're happy to.
We wanna share.
We wanna get more indie stuff out there and people, you know, you don't know about it
unless you hear about it.
So we're happy to do that.
Real quick though before you guys take off any like last plugs to give before we get
into our forum feedback this week.
Anything you guys wanna plug on your way out of here?
Well I mean again like we talked about earlier just check the Crumple demo game out.
Check it out.
Hit us up.
You know, let me know what you think and yeah I mean right now that's it and the indie arcade
event.
Yeah.
Indiearcade.org.
If you wanna know the website.
If you haven't bought tickets yet go there.
That's where all the information is at.
So indiearcade.org is where you can go.
You can buy your tickets, get more information on who's gonna be talking, playing, all that
good stuff.
Awesome.
Cause we didn't even talk about like the symphony and the other music performers you got showing
up.
I know.
Yeah.
I mean we've got, yeah the performers.
Yeah.
We talked about the speakers but the performers.
Reno Video Game Symphony returning for their second time and then Petraform who performed
at Rockage will be performing at our event as well.
Brie, do I, anything, okay.
Anything that we didn't mention on the show can be found on Twitter also at Sac Indie
Arcade.
Awesome.
And again, you know, we wanna encourage people beyond Sacramento to check out what's brewing
here in the Bay Area's neighbor, Silicon Valley's neighbor, we're making a name for ourselves
as well here.
We welcome everybody with open arms.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Well, best of luck to you guys in this final crunch time before your event and I still
look forward to it.
So thanks again for being on the show tonight and it sounds like this will be the first
of many appearances by these guys on our show.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to it.
Awesome.
I want that review of Earth Defense Force, Gabriel.
Yes.
Gotta hear it.
I may buy that.
Be careful what you wish for.
I wish, I wish, I wish.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for being here and especially live.
Not many people get to be here live in studio but only in Sacramento or where we're at.
We're not in San Jose or LA.
All right.
Well, I'm gonna get into some foreign feedback tonight and get into that segment here and
of course, you guys can participate in our forums over at vognetwork.com.
You just click on forums and I do have one topic to talk about tonight that popped up
on the forums this week and it's one of those that was user-created.
I didn't even do this but good old SSJ100Matt actually made this topic on our forums this
week and it's about the topic we got into last week of Nintendo mobile games.
So SSJ100Matt last week had mentioned going off the big news last week that Nintendo is
going to be making games out of their popular franchises for mobile smartphone tablet smart
device.
This was a big move by Nintendo since they've been very reluctant to allow their franchises
to be on platforms other than their own.
Many people including investors felt it was about time for the company to venture into
the mobile market while some were hesitant.
Regardless, Nintendo's franchises will be reaching a far broader audience than it has
before.
But this made me wonder, what type of games and what Nintendo franchises could we see
ourselves playing on these devices?
So SSJ100Matt goes over some of his picks including Pokemon Shuffle, which we've talked
about, you know, before would make a good mobile game most likely, Advance Wars, which
I brought up on the show last week but certainly, as SSJ100Matt says, I've been waiting a long
time for this franchise to make a comeback and I think the mobile platform is a perfect
place for it.
This game just screams a very fun tablet experience and even allows some possible multiplayer
aspects.
And then WarioWare, I thought that was a really good suggestion, WarioWare.
While it may be a little gimmicky, I think WarioWare would be great on the mobile platform
utilizing the gyroscopics.
I think this could be a very fun and probably public embarrassing experience.
I can also see some fun pass and play multiplayer mechanics.
I think WarioWare is a great suggestion.
Well, considering that it was at one time on the Game Boy Advance, I could see them
doing that.
Yeah, absolutely.
So we'll see what happens.
And then with the touch screens and all that, it could really play into that a lot.
Tigerclaw say, excellent mobile games.
Mobile games don't really give you the AAA experience you get from the Wii U or the 3DS.
I could see them more as companion games to the bigger ones.
Flaco Jones suggested, since Hearthstone is a mobile game that I think is amazing and
does mobile gaming right by not forcing players to nickel and dine themselves to death in
order to have fun, I sort of hope they do a Hearthstone style trading card game with
Nintendo's All-Stars and their famous abilities featured on the cards.
You know, isn't there a Pokemon trading card game?
I mean, that would be prime to convert over, but maybe, you know, I can also see maybe
they don't want to do that because, you know, that makes their bread and butter in the old
fashioned way.
And maybe they don't want to get into that.
I don't know.
But anyway, that topic on our forums, that was some of the responses there.
So check that out over at vognetwork.com slash forums.
And if you have a topic, especially follow up that you want us to talk about on the show
with your perspective, be sure to post it.
We like to read that stuff here on the show.
All right.
Well, we're going to move on with some rapid fire news and travel around the world of gaming
quickly and see what else is going on that we just don't have time to fit in anywhere
else.
Loki.
So Microsoft is upping the amount of free games they're going to give you with their
Games with Gold program starting in April.
Hopefully this is going to continue on beyond April, but for April, they're going to start
off with, I guess, for Xbox One, you'll be able to download Pool Nation FX and Child
of Light.
On the Xbox 360, you can get two games for the first half of the month and two games
for the second half.
So for the first half, between April 1st and the 15th, you can get Gears of War Judgment
and Terraria.
And during the latter half of the month, you get Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag and Army
II The Devil's Cartel.
That's a pretty good offering, I'd say, and those are all really recent games.
And then, let's see here, unfortunately, there's yet another delay.
Another big AAA game.
Batman Arkham Knight has been delayed now.
The word is that the new date that's supposed to be released is June 23rd, 2015.
And no word.
Hey, it's our show's birthday!
Yay!
Same date as Heaven's Word for Final Fantasy XIV.
I am screwed that week.
So obviously, it's to polish up the game a little bit more, but it seems to be a trend
nowadays, with a lot of AAA games getting pushed back.
Thankfully, this isn't into 2016 yet, so I'm kinda glad to see that they're at least giving
themselves more time, as opposed to putting out a game that's really buggy.
What'll really suck is if they give themselves more time and put out a game that's really
buggy.
So hopefully that's not the case.
Last but not least, there's a brand new video out there for Mortal Kombat X that's confirming
Liu Kang as a playable character in the game.
And there was another player I want to say that they showed off to, like some sort of
cowboy-looking guy as well.
And of course, Mortal Kombat X is only a few weeks away, actually.
Yeah, it's really close.
So at least on PlayStation 4 and PC and Xbox One.
Awesome.
Alright, I just want to say quickly, in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, I was
getting some feedback there on the Nintendo mobile that I was talking about with the forum.
And Fifth Dream in our chat poking out and saying, Pokemon card game is mobile already.
I didn't realize that.
And gives the link to where the Pokemon trading card game online is on the App Store and iTunes.
I did not realize that.
I stand corrected.
Well, there you go.
Akuma JP suggesting, I don't think you'll see existing titles to mobile yet, but you'll
see new ideas and titles from Nintendo to mobile.
See, I'm sort of with you there, but I sort of feel like we'll see franchises move in
a new mobile direction.
Like you know they're going to put Mario's face on a mobile game somewhere.
They have to.
What about like all those mini games that they had for like Mario Kart or Mario 64 on
the DS?
Remember how they used to have all those like, was it Yoshi mini games or whatever?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you never know.
You never know.
Something like that.
Maybe expanding on some of these other ideas.
Who knows?
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on to some other, I just want to get those comments out there.
I thought they were all really good.
Anyway, some interesting updates this week on VR and, you know, as this is an expanding
thing, as more and more people are trying out things like Gear VR and Oculus Rift and
so forth, you know, the reality sets in that some people don't respond too well in terms
of getting sick from playing these devices.
So of course, you know, they're trying to figure out how can we make it so that people,
you know, who are very sensitive to this sort of stuff don't get sick with this.
So apparently one idea to help is creating a virtual nose.
This is from a study that was done at Purdue University.
Assistant professor Dave Whittinghill studied simulator sickness and one of the research
assistants suggested putting in a nose.
And so by putting in the nose and participants who were given this virtual nose, they didn't
even report noticing it until it was pointed out.
So apparently having like that nose in there, because you kind of see it, I guess, I don't
know how often I really look at my nose, but I guess you're kind of aware it's there.
So kind of having that in the simulator vision makes people a little less sick.
Follow your nose!
Follow your nose!
Anyway, obviously, you know, everybody responds differently to different situations.
And you know, ultimately, people are gonna have to find what works best for them.
But I thought that was a pretty creative solution to trying and help people deal with some of
the motion sickness that can come with that.
Have that with like the character creators in the game.
So if you give a character like a giant nose, it just takes up a large portion.
Are you trying to say something about my nose, Loki?
No, I'm trying to say if you're making characters with large noses.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
Anyhow, Facebook is going to be bringing 360 degree videos to Oculus and the newsfeed.
That's awesome.
I'm sure they'll autoplay without any sort of way to stop that.
I knew you'd have something smart ass to say.
Facebook had a big update meeting this week, and of course, you know, now that Facebook
owns Oculus, they talked a little bit about that.
And yes, they do plan to bring spherical video content to its VR headset.
Now, I think a lot of people, at least I do, I look at this and go, okay, that's the direction
I expected Facebook to move in is that it's not going to just be about games.
And even some of the demos I've talked about that I've seen on Oculus before have nothing
to do necessarily with games.
Like when Bobby was showing me that Gear VR when I was at PAX East, I didn't play a single
game on it.
It had games, but the stuff I just happened to look at was, you know, like a Paul McCartney
concert where I was there.
Like, it's like I'm on stage with Paul McCartney and a Cirque du Soleil type experience.
And I could, I could really see that too, putting those types of experiences on Facebook.
So yeah, so that's, that's pretty neat.
And then they were actually showing off some of these 360 degree video viewing experiences
at the Facebook Dev Conference.
Are you going to be able to do lines and like say a Scarface type game with your virtual
nose?
Stop it.
Actually, Bobby in our chat room over at live.hognetwork.com says it's less about having a nose and more
about having a frame of reference that your eyes can focus on that doesn't move.
Yeah.
It's just in real life, your nose happens to be there.
So you kind of have that in real life where you may not have that when you're playing
the Oculus or whatever VR headset you're using.
And maybe that's the trick for some people.
I don't know.
But anyhow, so yeah, that could be very interesting.
I mean, you think about, think about what we're doing today.
You know, it's all about what, like Snapchat and pictures on Twitter and little videos
on Facebook.
Imagine that you're going to one day strap on the Gear VR, the Oculus Rift, and you're
going to look at, here's some highlights that your friends took from around the world.
And you're going to experience that right now in full 3D motion.
I kind of feel like that's what we're going to start to see.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
By the way, also some little hints being dropped that the Oculus Rift could be available this
year.
However, Facebook quickly clarifying the comments, saying that they're not trying to announce
any shipping date regarding the Oculus Rift.
They were just intending to say that PC hardware will be available this year that can create
the VR experiences that they were speaking about.
But I, you know, whether it's this year or next year, it's really starting to heat up
a little bit.
And I think, I kind of think it still will be a little quiet this year.
I mean, VR is already out there.
You know, the Gear VR you can get at Best Buy, right?
So the VR experience is starting to get out there.
I think it's just going to really start to ramp up, I feel like, you know, next year
between what we're going to see on PlayStation 4, probably more and more of this Oculus ramping
up.
I really think 2016 is going to be a big year for all this.
Anyway, lastly, let's throw it back with some talk about EverQuest.
And I didn't realize EverQuest did this.
But you know, EverQuest has been around for a long time.
And EverQuest has been, you know, to kind of keep people interested in what's going
on over there.
And a lot of people have been playing an MMO for a very long time, because I saw this all
the time in World of Warcraft, was, man, what if we could play this game vanilla?
What if we could play this game the way it was intended, the way it was meant to be in
the beginning before all this other stuff?
Well, EverQuest doing some polls and bringing their users exactly something like that.
And they're actually looking at and polling the users right now about doing a new progression
server.
So they're going to start the server as normal, but at a specific point, all progression would
cease and the server would just stay at that point.
And so, you know, it'll talk about, they go on to talk about like how long some of the
stuff will be locked.
So like Kunark would be the thing, the Ruins of Kunark would be open for 6.75 months.
And then Velius for 3.75 months, and so on and so on.
All these expansions would slowly unlock, which would allow people to kind of appreciate,
I guess, the earlier days.
So they're doing voting on more of like specifically the time frames and when the expansion should
be unlocked and so forth.
And this, again, just has me kind of thinking about World of Warcraft, which is a game I
have a little more experience with.
You know, I hear people saying in WoW all the time, oh, I want to see that vanilla server.
I want to see what that was like.
And then sure enough, when they did that Molten Core raid recently, where you could actually
have a 40-man team in Molten Raid, everybody was like, this is fucking terrible, trying
to run through with 40 people.
This is awful.
Yet there's still some people clamoring for that vanilla experience.
So that's something they're doing over in EverQuest, at least.
Kind of interesting.
Anyway, Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
I'm trying not to get tangled over here.
Well, there is a, this is funny, the folks that are behind Lords of the Fallen, they
offered Hideo Kojima a job over Twitter.
It goes, Dear Mr. At Hideo Underscore Kojima Underscore Ian, in case you are currently
searching, we have an open position as Head of Game Design at Deck 13.
Please get in touch.
Yeah, he's probably not going to go for that.
So let's move forward to Tekken News.
I love Tekken, all the things practically.
So coming up in Tekken 7, we are getting Jin.
Yay, I love Jin.
Devil Jin.
Yay, I love Devil Jin, too.
And a new character named Josie, who is a Philippines-born model and martial artist
who is pretty, pretty cheerful.
It's also designed by the same person who gave us Bayonetta.
So that's good.
And then last but not least, this is actually kind of old.
Okay.
So yes, Jaws of Hakkon was already been released on Xbox One and PC.
But the other versions are going to be released much later.
Those are going to be coming out for PS4 and Xbox on, I think, later this week.
The Xbox One, I think, came out this week, but yeah, PS4.
It came out days ago, but I don't know if they put the date for the PS4 one yet.
I want to say I read somewhere that they couldn't tell us what it is because of some
type of contractual agreement.
What the release date is?
Yeah.
What the release date is for the PS4.
Like, they can't tell us what it is.
Well, I'm going to tell you all right now.
It's pretty and doesn't do much.
You get a little bit of lore, but it's just pretty.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, then I guess I'm not missing out so much because I was kind of pissed at first.
Oh, you get a lot of Scott Harding.
I love Scott Harding.
Oh, there you go.
I wish she was romanceable.
All right.
Let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week here on the show, we go to Facebook and Google Plus, and we ask a question of
our communities, and when you slam Facebook and Google Plus together, you get FUGL.
Well, this week in the FUGL question of the week, we asked a little bit about clubs and
organizations because since our guests tonight were from the Sacramento IGDA, I don't expect
that everybody that listens to this show is a member of the IGDA, but I figure maybe a
few of you have belonged to some type of club or association at some point, so we wanted
to get more information about that.
Tell us about it.
Have you ever been the member of a club or association that relates to gaming, like an
official fan club or an unofficial group dedicated to playing, creating one, or multiple games?
Tell us about it.
So over on Facebook, we got RageNator, who said, sort of.
During my senior year of high school, a few people, including myself, regularly got together
before school during lunch periods and after to play Magic the Gathering.
Nerd.
Just kidding.
I did the same thing.
Granted, at the time, it wasn't a club officially sanctioned by the school and didn't have a
name, but it was the seed that eventually became an official club based on what I was
told by others that graduated after me.
Oh, wow.
It's always weird to me to hear about that something really awesome existed at your high
school after you left.
My high school finally started offering Japanese after I left.
Anyway, I guess that always happens.
Princess Ireni.
Our good pal Princess Ireni actually answered the question here on Facebook this week and
said, I used to run with a crew called the Sacramentals back in the early 2000s.
We played a bunch of Imani games at Roosevelt Golf Land and ate at Brookfield's a lot.
Maybe you've heard of them.
They're pretty legendary in these parts.
I heard they were big fucking nerds.
You know what?
I remember trying to actually register that domain to find that some Catholic group already
had it.
I was so mad.
All right.
Anyhow.
Surping Slurpee responded and said, occasionally I attend board game get togethers every week
between 20 to 30 people get together at Panera, then Denny's after Panera closes, and game
out.
Most attendees are in their late 20s to early 30s, though some are older and predominantly
female.
It's great fun.
Andy R said, nope.
Was part of an anime club in college, though, and a lot of our meetings consisted of playing
games.
I did hang out with the remnants of our college's Bamani Club a lot when they were basically
disbanded by the time I met them due to bullshittery.
I have to remember to use that term more often in my life, bullshittery.
We completely dominated the school's rock band tournament both years.
They held it.
Bryce replied and simply said, no, crying face.
Start one.
Bryce needed to start one.
Deakman replied and said, does Club Nintendo count?
Well, if you helped to run it, maybe.
No.
Club Nintendo, I guess.
Of course Club Nintendo counts.
Somebody has to say that.
Dark Tetsuya said, Irene stole my answer, but Wednesdays back in the day with the Sac
Bamani crew were fucking epic, trying to get all the content unlocked on Max 2 by playing
the crap out of it.
Good times.
That was good times.
Remember when the whole community had to come together to get stuff in the games?
That was always a good time.
Anyway, last but not least, and I love this answer over on Google Plus from Prince Peachfuzz.
One of my other favorite names here.
Prince Peachfuzz responded and said, does the OL Army count?
If so, yes.
Gold star for you, sir.
Yes, it counts.
You're all a part of the club now.
So even the poor guy on Facebook who felt left out, you could be a part of the OL Army.
We're a club and I'm the president and Jamie is the overlord because she has to outrank
me.
I was just going to say I am the queen bee.
And Loki, clearly the court jester.
Prince of Bacon.
No, no, no, no, no.
Loki is our, he's our Cullen.
Cullen?
Oh yeah.
He's our Cullen.
What does Cullen do?
He's the commander of the Inquisition's forces.
I see.
Do you really want to put him in charge of the actual army?
No.
Loki, what would you...
We could put a big hat on him.
Fair enough.
He's the Pope.
He's the Pope.
He's the Pope of the OL Army.
He's the OL Army Pope.
He's the spiritual figurehead.
No, no, no.
A big hat.
He can be the admiral.
There you go.
You're the admiral.
I like that.
Admiral Loki.
Loki just has this look on his face of like, I don't know what the fuck you two are talking
about.
Exactly.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
Alright, then Loki, let's get back to some news because I know this first one.
You've got to have something to say about this, Loki.
I think it's pretty awesome.
I mean, they've had the rights sold already to Warner Brothers for Ready Player One for,
God, I don't even know how long now, but they have a director and I guess I could have picked
just anybody.
I mean, they've got this guy named Steven Spielberg, I mean, like, what's he done?
But he's going to be directing the movie, which hopefully will be coming out sooner
than it actually takes place in 2044.
But I am psyched for this movie when it comes out.
I'm going to be psyched anyways, it's just a bunch of like, it's just an orgy of 80s
stuff.
You have fucking mecha and shit fighting each other and it's like, how is this not going
to be awesome?
Of course my wife's like, I'm just reciting things and it's like, she complains about
the book all the time.
Have you read the book yet?
I still have not read the book, but I'm glad to know there's a movie coming out so I don't
have to read.
Do you want to borrow the book?
Maybe.
You should read the book.
It's awesome.
It's just garbage, but it's, it's...
My partner has a Kindle that neither one of us ever use, so maybe I could get a digital,
I don't even know where the fucking Kindle is, but...
You have an iPad with a Kindle app.
You don't need a digital version.
I have a hard...
Wait, how am I supposed to use paper?
A book?
What are we going to do with that?
Are they going to hold down another book?
It's a quick read.
All right.
They played Joust in it at one point.
Books are the things that Rob used to hold up his monitor.
But I don't know.
I'm very excited about it.
It should hopefully turn out better than, say, I don't know, Pixels or something.
I am excited to see this.
Even though I don't always love Spielberg, I think some of his stuff is overrated, I
think that's really cool that somebody of his caliber is attached to this.
And I know it's considered one of his worst movies, but I will always stick up for Hook.
I love that movie.
I'm sorry.
I love that movie as a kid.
It was so good.
You know that's considered one of his worst movies.
If that's his worst movie, then he can't do too bad.
I mean, that's not bad.
I mean, damn, you've got a pretty entertaining movie as your worst movie.
Okay, well that's terrible of you, I guess.
All right.
Well, anyhow, from movies to television, and you're really into Ready Player One, I really
like this mobile phone game.
Maybe this should be the thing.
I will read Ready Player One when you sign up to play Ingress, which is a game that I've
talked about on this show.
Dude, my phone would not run that if I even...
Oh, that's true.
I'm guessing.
It's a Samsung Galaxy S2.
It hardly runs a fucking web page.
Yeah, I think Alan had a three, and it was pretty slow on that, so I don't know.
So, sorry.
That's all right.
I can't do that yet.
Maybe on the next one.
I can't play anything on this.
Maybe on the next one.
But anyway, Ingress apparently going to be coming to television.
Now, of course, I've talked about this game on the show before, but it gets you out and
going around to places of public interest to capture...
Imagine if Foursquare met Capture the Flag.
That's kind of what Ingress is, is you battle out in these factions to then capture these
nodes and connect them to create control fields.
And so that's what Ingress is all about.
But of course, there's this whole YouTube and a viral alternate augmented reality game
type of stuff that goes on behind it.
There's an actual reporter that goes out to all these events.
Some of the local folks I know that play here in Sacramento all went down to Pasadena this
weekend for what they call an anomaly, which is just basically a big event where it actually
drives the game's lore.
So one of these events, when people go to it, is it just a bunch of people on their
phones going...
Yes!
It's so stupid.
If you're watching this, it happened in Sacramento and it's thousands of people on the street
all staring at their phones.
It looks like some frickin' flash mob hit where people can't be bothered to pay attention.
Or just regular life with people on the street with their phones.
It's like no one actually understands their...
What?
There's an anomaly going on?
I was just playing on my phone.
Now little did you know, they're all sitting there going, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew,
pew, pew, pew.
Yes, it doesn't make it any less stupid.
No.
Ah, you're such an asshole.
Anyway, now more people can learn about it because apparently...
At least they're not running around pretending their guns and stuff and going pew, pew, pew,
and hiding behind bushes and shit like that.
Anyway, Google Niantic apparently working with Sean...
Do they have costumes?
Do you wear costumes to these events?
Well, because the factions are blue and green, people will wear blue and green.
Some people will wear the green wigs.
So they're gonna think it's a gang war going on.
Yes, somebody's gonna think it's a gang war.
But they're all staring at their phones.
I'm glad to be coming after you, man.
Alright, shut up.
Anyway, Google Niantic Labs, who created the game, working with Sean Daniel Company.
This is the production company responsible for the Mummy film franchise and The Expanse,
which is coming to Syfy.
Nothing pitched to networks yet.
No showrunner attached.
So this is still very early on in development.
Some folks thinking that this might actually not be about Ingress, but Niantic working
on a follow-up of sorts, which is also going to be taking place.
So this could be that the TV agreement's actually for what's to come next.
And what cracks me up is that, and I forget the name of it, maybe somebody in chat remembers
it, but Niantic's working with author James Frey to create the book that will kind of
be part of the lore.
Well, if you don't recognize that name, do you know who James Frey was?
He's the guy that got read to filth by Oprah because he lied on the show about his memoir.
Remember that whole thing, the million broken pieces or whatever it was called?
He fricking lied, I guess, about the experiences or embellished a lot and Oprah had them on
the show and like, you don't ever see Oprah get mad, but when she gets mad, heaven help
you.
Right?
So that was that guy.
And I'm like, wow, he's back and he's going to write Game War.
Apparently he's good at fabrication.
Right?
Why not the guy's good at lying and making stories up.
Oh Lord.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, um, there is a UK, uh, charity event that went on.
It was run by, uh, a group called, uh, special effect.
They had a charity, uh, event called game blast that they managed to pull in over 120,000
pounds in donations and they surpassed last year's goal by 50,000 pounds.
So, uh, they, uh, basically have, uh, just been pulling this in, trying to help, you
know, poor kids that need the help.
Um, their donation page is still up and active.
Uh, the, uh, next game blast is going to be tentatively February 26th through 28th, 2016.
And you can go to their donation page at just giving.com.
Awesome.
Yep.
I like it.
We like people doing nice stuff.
That's right.
It's nice to hear about gamers doing good as opposed to, you know, gang warfare created
by video games.
Don't be a Dick.
That's right.
Uh, moving on Loki.
Hey, I don't know.
I can't believe they're using that author quote unquote to, uh, make the storyline for
this thing.
I can't remember that.
Does he actually write anything?
I mean that he hasn't, you know, plagiarized, uh, I will do what anyone would do in this
situation and I'm going to look it up on Wikipedia right now and try to find out, um, what else
that he's written since then.
Um, he has a young adult novel publishing company, uh, that was trying to gracely create
Twilight knockoffs.
It sounds like, wow.
So there you go.
All right.
And game is the name of the game I was trying to think of.
End game.
End game.
End game.
Okay.
Anyways, um, so remember that cool rumor that we had that Netflix was going to be getting
some Zelda series or something?
Yeah, that's unfortunately not, not going to happen.
Nintendo basically said, Hey, that, uh, talk of the show is not based on correct information.
There's nothing new to share.
Sorry.
That was all the show.
Well, to be fair and maybe a little tinfoil haddish, Nintendo could be lying.
It wouldn't be the first time they've done it.
Right.
Um, I mean, you're opening up to, you're opening me up to like so many jokes, but yes, I won't
take those.
Um, I, yeah, I guess they could be lying, but it's kind of stupid.
Like, ha, we're not going to talk about it.
And we're never going to talk about it.
All right.
Uh, looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Tigerclaw wants to know why did it take Nintendo
this long to respond to it?
You know, I'm getting this weird feeling that nobody asked.
I mean, granted, they probably contacted the Nintendo PR department or whatever and got
the whole line of we don't comment on rumors or speculation, but this was the first time
that, you know, it was a wata that put the kibosh on this, right?
That somebody sat him down and asked him point blank.
So what about this rumor?
So I think that's part of the reason why it took this long to hear about it is it took
this long for somebody to ask him point blank in a situation where he couldn't necessarily
PR speak his way out of it.
So we'll see.
Uh, yeah, and SSG100 Matt says, uh, they're not going to talk about it until E3.
Dungeon Buster says not correct isn't really a flat out denial.
So we'll see anyhow, moving on to Minecraft, which still gets a lot of press even to this
day.
And, uh, this is, I find this story fascinating because what's happening with Minecraft, they're
going to be giving it for free in every Northern Ireland secondary school.
Uh, this is, uh, Culture Tech, which is a festival of technology and creative industries.
They've gotten funding from the department of culture, arts and leisure to supply 200
schools with download codes.
Each license is for a version of the game called Minecraft edu.
I didn't even know this was a thing, but you can look it up at Minecraft edu.com and it's
designed specifically for the classroom.
So this is going to be distributed thanks to this funding across all of Northern Ireland.
And I couldn't help but think about, you know, when I'm reading about this, I'm like, geez,
when I grew up, we were playing Oregon trail and number munchers, and now kids today they're
playing Minecraft in school.
That's kind of neat.
I love that idea.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I guess Minecraft certainly teaches them design and it's art and you know, that
all of that.
But, uh, you know, it's not, I guess it's in your face as eat all the multiples of three
or get eaten by a traggle.
You know, it's not quite as in your face as that, but I think that's pretty awesome.
So who knew that Netflix was what the kids were playing in schools these days?
I should Minecraft.
You mean what'd I say?
Netflix.
Oh, Rob.
I was looking at another story.
Minecraft.
Well, you know, one kid's got Minecraft open and the other kid buying them as Netflix open
or something.
That's what they do.
Anyway.
Uh, let's move on.
We're going to go to our mailbag every week.
You guys send us emails to participate at orange lounge radio.com, which is our email
address and dark Sakura dives into the mailbag and find some emails that she deems worthy
of reading on the program.
Dark Sakura.
How many do we have in the mailbag tonight?
Four four.
There was only one and I looked in there earlier.
Holy crap.
Four emails tonight.
All right.
Yes.
What's up orange lounge.
I'm sure you guys have noticed this trend.
Indiana Jones was brought back.
Pirates of the Caribbean is getting a fifth movie.
The Marvel movies keep coming.
The Hobbit was built from a book.
Uncharted for a new mass effect, new gears of war, more halo to become to stop hiring
good writers.
Do people stop going to school for writing and instead we have too many CG animators.
I'm confused.
The entertainment industry for mainly movies and games has literally been flooded with
prequel sequels, remakes.
What happened to creativity?
I'm going to stop and say there's nothing wrong with any mass effect game.
Okay.
I thought you guys might, you need to watch your step.
You need to watch it.
I thought you guys might enjoy this topic since lately so many of our AAA games are
broken, a remake or just another chapter in an already established IP.
Where did originality go?
Is indie all we have left for creative genius?
All the best is easy.
For the record, I see, I actually kind of see nothing wrong with having different stories
that we've come to love expanded on.
I don't want to see mass effect go away.
I'd like to see more.
I don't want it to end up, you know, getting Lucas sized, you know, like star Wars did.
Well it's funny you make that reference because I would honestly say to the emailer, it's
nothing really different from other forms of entertainment, specifically movies.
Don't movies have the same problem?
We just talked earlier in the show, they remade Arthur of all fricking movies.
I think that's what he was pointing out though when he mentioned all the Marvel movies and
stuff.
I guess that's true.
And keep in mind, the Marvel movies are part of a larger story, right?
It's like how many different issues of the comic books do we buy?
If you really want to, you know, see what's going on in the Marvel universe, they're making
a Deadpool movie and it looks awesome.
Did you see that costume picture?
Oh, that was the best.
I love and dark to see a point of this or somebody, no, somebody, no, it wasn't hard
to see it.
Sorry.
I missed tribute to some of you.
It was saying my buddy sake that did this on Twitter actually pointed out that Deadpool
on Twitter only follows Hello Kitty.
And that's it.
And he's like, how perfect is that?
That's amazing.
You know what though?
I thought I'd bet anything if I made a B Arthur account, it'd get followed.
Here you go.
I might have to do that.
Here you go.
Um, I'm going to do, I'm going to do RIP B Arthur.
But I do want us to actually, I knew a podcaster around here called spanking B Arthur.
So that's, that's the thing, but anyway, um, let me point out, uh, the whole, uh, again,
the whole ideas and everything, I really think that we're seeing in games really nothing
different from what you see in movies or even in books, you know?
And I wouldn't even say Indy's going to be a way to get around that because all you have,
a lot of indie guys are making games that are spiritual successors to things, you know,
it's like, well, we can't license the rights to make a sequel to this game, but we're going
to make one that's very similar to that.
Yeah.
So I don't know, but there's, there's original stuff and who cares sometimes going back to
like a franchise is pretty awesome.
Like, look, they rebooted Tomb Raider for like the eighth time.
So, and I, this time it was actually good.
I see a lot of indie games kind of saying like, we're really inspired by Metroidvania
and I don't see that as a bad thing whatsoever.
And I don't say, Oh, this means the Indies are running out of ideas.
I think this just says, Hey, the Indies are taking something they love and putting their
own spin on it.
So you know, I wonder if we'll ever see a metric cross Castlevania game.
Yeah.
I just want to see a game called Metroidvania, Samus finds herself in a haunted castle from
years ago.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I seriously, if I was going to sit down and do an indie game, I would totally do something
in the style of the guardian legend.
Awesome.
I need people to help me make this happen.
I'm telling you though, don't, don't, don't make the mistake I've made for this long.
Flacco said you need to check out velocity and I finally did and I was like, he was right.
I do.
I'm going to check that out.
Anyway.
Next email.
Yes.
Uh, greetings.
OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Serious turtle.
Rob, based on what you've been playing every week for some time now, I picked up reaper
of souls on sale.
I'm loving it and I'm definitely having a lonely turtle in need of friends.
Does OLR, does OLR or VOG have a clan or anything that I can join?
I'd love to play with members of the show or VOG community.
Nope.
Um, then, uh, no actually, horde house has one.
So I've got that.
So if you want to join the horde house, my other show, horde house, if you want to join
the horde house hotties, uh, we, I'm going to, I forgot to do it after the show this
week cause I still need to post to horde house.
I'm way behind.
Um, but, uh, on the forums I'll post more information, including battle tags of who
you can contact if you want to join the horde house hotties.
So we do have that.
And then, uh, he said, sends me condolences about grandma.
So thank you.
Um, Loki finish your game already so I can play it.
I'm looking forward to what you've come up with and I hope you're smart enough to sell
an amiibo for the game, especially separately.
Of course.
Of course.
And it won't do anything like regular amiibos.
Stop it.
I'll say it like I do in every email your show gets me through my Mondays, your loyal
turtle in Philly.
Serious turtle.
Thank you.
That, that means a lot that we can help you out with your Monday.
Really appreciate that.
I'm pulling up the next one.
Sure.
Sorry.
My voice is going out.
That's all right.
Look.
Oh, sorry.
I was going to read some comments in chat to help do the time here.
Uh, bonds, double a six saying I want a new, I've never ending story movie.
Mm hmm.
Uh, Bobby black will says, I hear there's a Hobbit remake coming soon and then a hunger
games remake.
Oh, who knows?
Who knows?
Uh, probably just a matter of time.
Black will says a never ending story remake with only females.
You never know.
Uh, if it's SGA 100, Matt says a mean girls remake with guys, uh, and you know, bonds
double a six says still, unless all the guys are gay.
That's actually on YouTube.
It's mean gays.
Look it up on YouTube.
Okay.
But I'd rather it be called bitchy boys.
Uh, and bonds double a six says still no unit racers meet remake.
Maybe that could be the game Nintendo announces to save the Wii U this holiday.
Uniracers you can I read the next email?
All right.
I think they're going to try to see peoples.
Um, and then the article about the final fantasy 15 director saying about the all male cast.
Um, at this point in the show, you probably covered the comments by final fantasy five
director Hajime Tabata about making the cast and final fantasy 15 all male to make the
game more approachable quotes.
No, we haven't.
I thought I would add in my thoughts because honestly it's bullshit.
And funny enough, it's not on our show tonight.
So here's our opportunity to bring it up.
Why, why couldn't he just say the decision to go the all male cast was part of the plot.
People who are aware that the final fantasy series of games are plot driven would have
bought that as an excuse, at least for a little while.
And some people are either of two different conclusions about this move.
One, this move is driven by a misinterpretation of the market for these games to squirt index
has joined Spanky and Alfalfa in the He-Man Woman Haters Club.
Stay care entertainment trainer sent from my iPad, which was in the email.
I know.
I know.
I, I get, I, I, it's not so much the fact that the story is about four guys that bothers
me.
Cause you know, I've seen enough movie, stand by me, stand by me is about four guys.
Right.
And that's just part of the story and the plot device.
But at the same time, I do understand you have this separate conversation about, you
know, diversity and games and dah, dah, dah.
And I get that.
And y'all know I'm for that, but I, do you want to elaborate on your thoughts real quick
here?
Who cares about diversity in games?
I do.
Yeah.
Who cares about there being four guys in this game that are the leads in the game.
This is what they decided that they want to do with it.
That's it.
If you don't like the game, don't play it.
I understand why should there be fucking females and males in every single goddamn game.
You can have all female cast.
You can have all male cast.
You can have a mix of both.
You can have cats and dogs.
Who gives a shit?
Here's here's what it boils down to.
Here's what it boils down to.
I'm fine with them wanting to do the game about four, four bros or whatever, you know,
and I'm sure there'll be supporting characters, but here's the thing is that clearly the industry
as a whole has an issue.
And I think if Square Enix can show that they can address the bigger issue, then fine.
They can make whatever these games are that they want to make, but the industry as a whole
kind of has to answer for the other issue.
This is literally like the only Final Fantasy game that they've had that's had all males
as like the party in the game.
Everything else has been like diversified, if you want to put it that way.
I mean, we've had fucking Yetis in there and stuff, but who cares?
That's what I'm saying.
Who gives a shit?
I mean, your rest of your games are all like that.
They want to make a game that has all guys in it.
Then fine.
They had a game already that had a female lead and she was the only playable character.
I think that's fucking even enough.
Why does it have to be like, oh, well, we don't like that?
Well, too bad you don't like it.
Don't play it.
I don't like sports games.
I'm not saying stop making sports games.
That's my thing.
It's like, who gives a shit?
It's their story that they want to tell if they feel that it needs four male characters
in the lead roles, then that's fine.
Once again, because of our industry and because it's diversified, we have a lot of people
out there creating games that have a bunch of different mixes of groups, race, gender,
you know, sexual orientation, species in their games.
I don't understand why we have to force other games to kind of go by that.
I mean, it's not like Final Fantasy is all male, all of your games.
For the record, we only have one confirmed asexual character in any game ever that actually
is flesh and blood, just saying.
Maya from Borderlands 2.
So I, again, I think we have to kind of, I don't think it's so much about the decision
to put the four, again, there's plenty of movies out there that do it too, but it's
about can the games industry as a whole show that level of maturity that the movies industry
had to show?
I just, I don't know.
I think the problem is much larger than one game, and you know, to Loki's credit, Square
Enix has brought us an amazing female protagonist in the form of Lara Croft, so in the Square
Enix games themselves, they tend to show a little bit of diversity.
Even Lightning, if you want to stick with Final Fantasy.
Sure.
So, you know, anyway.
Or fuck, Final Fantasy X-2 or whatever.
There you go.
All female cast right there.
I don't understand what the problem is.
Like, they've done it both ways.
I think that's pretty even.
I really don't think that they have, people have a say in, I guess, I mean, you can say
whatever you want, but I don't think they should do anything about it, because I think
they've fairly represented the whole gamut.
All right.
Looking at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
SSU100Matt suggesting Sid is a brilliant inventor and mechanic, and they made the character
as a woman in Final Fantasy XV.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I'm saying stop making sports games.
Brad from Pod Culture says, equal opportunity, a DOA game where you can adjust the junk jangle.
All right.
Anyhow.
I would play that.
I just want a game called junk jangle.
Anyhow.
Any more to email?
Yes.
We have another email.
Okay.
Cheese Rob.
Hello, LR.
I have to be at work early tomorrow, so I wasn't able to join you all live tonight,
but I need to say something.
Who was it that recommended the mobile game King of Thieves?
Was it Kaijuto?
Well, there's something I need to say to that person.
Are you happy with what you've done?
I'm now a hopeless addict.
My life is in tattered ruins, or maybe that's my dungeon.
Anyway, thank you very much for ruining my life, you jerk.
Now, excuse me while I steal someone's gems.
The stone league has only 24 hours left, and I'm 6,000 points behind.
Exploding ferrets upon your family, Aaron YYR.
PS, you should at least give this game a look if you don't mind having your life ruined.
Yes, that was Kaijuto that recommended that game to me.
He brought it up on the show, and then I brought it up on the show that, yes, I checked it
out, and yes, I had fun with it.
And so there you go.
So maybe in our little OL army, we all have our titles, right?
I'm the president.
Darth Vader is the overlord.
Loki's the pope.
Kaijuto can be the life ruiner.
There you go.
Ruiner of lives.
Is that it for emails tonight?
Yes.
By the way, do you have any pizza left?
Yes, I do.
May I have a slice?
You may.
It's terribly greasy, though.
I don't care.
I'm sitting here, my stomach rumbling.
Participate at, very important updates, participate at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send
us an email for next week, or the week after, or whenever you feel like you have something
to say.
You aren't shitting.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Every week on the show, we, are you okay, are you going to be okay over there, Dark
Sakura?
Oh my God, it's the whole week.
Okay, Dark Sakura is about ready to barf live in studio.
That's awkward.
But we're going to do the FUs of the week right now.
Dark Sakura.
Number one, fuck this pizza.
It's delicious.
And salty.
You weren't kidding.
Yeah, I told you there could be possibly too much bacon on that pizza.
It's pretty good.
I don't even care.
I'm so hungry right now.
I've had a pita today.
So, also FU to the guy driving the Corvette who decided it was a good idea to leave in
and out of traffic on single lane roads.
Yeah, fuck you.
And, fuck you to my sinus infection.
Loki?
I guess FU to having to still tweak my game.
I'm still making more levels and stuff, but like this other level I'm making that is supposed
to be focused on kind of teaching you that you can jump in your car.
I still have to figure out how I'm going to break it yet.
And it's kind of annoying.
Invisible ceilings.
No, no, no, not invisible ceilings, but I need something else like obstacles in a way
or something.
I just haven't figured out what.
I don't know.
It's just something ridiculous.
I haven't quite gotten there yet.
Is that it?
Yeah.
I just don't know what I'm going to do with that.
Oh, God.
I kind of have a lot I want to say in this FU segment, but I don't really have the words
for them right now.
So I'm just going to say FU to complicated things that happen.
I'm being vague for a reason, but there's just some complicated things that happened
recently.
Is it that thing?
I've been thinking about a lot.
Yes, we talked about it briefly before the show tonight.
And so you know, I'm kind of like I have a lot I want to say and yet I don't want to
say it.
So I will add in equal amounts of FU attention.
So I apologize for being vague, but at the same time, this is just like where I've fucking
been at for like 48 hours.
So FU to being vague.
Sorry, that's all I got.
All right, let's move on with a couple more stories.
And then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki.
So this is kind of disappointing, but I guess it makes sense considering, you know, the
events that have transpired.
But apparently Gen Con is looking to relocate from their location in Indiana.
They're basically saying that, you know, they for a decade more than a decade Indianapolis
has provided tremendous hospitality and accommodation to our attendees culminating in an estimated
economic impact of more than 50 million dollars to the city.
Gen Con and its attendees look forward to receiving the same warm Hoosier hospitality
throughout the term of our contract.
It says legislation that could allow for refusal of services or discrimination against our
attendees.
We'll have a direct negative impact on the state's economy and we'll factor in our decision
in making on hosting the convention in the state of Indiana in future years.
So basically because of SB 101, they're thinking of moving it.
I do want to say I have to jump in here with a follow up because I was following this pretty
closely because obviously, you know, when I heard the news about what happened in Indiana,
I was just like, what the fuck?
You know, like I think many people were.
Gen Con actually came out since that first came out and actually did reiterate that they're
kind of stuck there for, uh, until 2020 because of contractual obligations.
So they will actually not be relocating next year despite the threat.
However, they really bent over backwards to say, you know, the local businesses that we're
going to work with here in Indianapolis are not signing up for the, and they're not going
to discriminate.
We want to welcome all our attendees, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Uh, it leaves, I don't know.
I'm, I'm very, I'm very torn on this because I do feel like there's probably a lot of people
in Indianapolis and Gen Con that want nothing to do with this fucking law.
Like they want nothing to do with this back at S word Z and, or excuse me, bullshittery
since I learned that word tonight and what happened in Indiana is bullshittery.
Let's be real.
Uh, so.
I kind of understand from that perspective, but I also understand the need to take an
iron fist and have an iron stance because the reality of the situation and delivering
that message to the governor that this is not okay, doesn't get delivered otherwise.
But I think what's happening, not to get too political here on OLR, but obviously I have
somewhat of an interest in this story here because the reality is I, with Alan, could
one day decide, I don't know why we would do this, but we, well, we might decide we
want to go to Gen Con.
I do have friends that go to Gen Con and have a good time.
We might go there to Indiana and somebody could legally choose to discriminate against
me.
And so I'm kind of like, that's fucking fucked.
So, I mean, I appreciate that the organizers of Gen Con are making sure that's not going
to happen, any business near them or any of that stuff.
But obviously a lot of stuff is happening with other companies.
Like I got to give massive props to like Salesforce and what is that?
Angie's List.
Is that what that site's called?
Yeah, Angie's List.
Who have come out big time to like say, not okay, and we're not going to do business in
a state.
And the guy acts so confused.
Well, why is everybody being mean to me?
Right?
Because you're a shit?
I would hope that the people of Indiana who do not believe in this bullshittery, and I
know there's decent people in Indiana.
I know some of y'all listen to this show, hi, act against this.
It blows my mind.
Here in the state of California in 2003, we recalled our governor over rolling blackouts
and power issues.
But the governor of Indiana is going to be allowed to stay after this.
Did you see what the mayor of San Francisco is doing?
Oh, they stopped all traveled Indiana.
Oh, officially sanctioned travel.
And I was reading about other places refusing to do trade business.
I just, it blows my mind people.
It blows my mind anyway.
So, uh, I'm, I'm a little sad to hear that Gen Con couldn't put its iron fist down, but
I also, I'm also trying to be fair and realize that a lot of these businesses in Indianapolis
probably want nothing to do with this fucking law and they're probably pissed about it.
So again, to sum it up, my voice is if you're pissed about it, you need to let your lawmakers
know, don't be passive about this shit because there's other people that aren't going to
react so passively.
Just saying.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Um, and Brad from pod culture saying I'm from Indiana and I'm kind of ashamed of that fact
right now.
Watch what you say.
I got that statement, got the Dixie chicks and a whole lot of trouble of my, you know,
my friend Susan.
Yeah.
She moves in Susan.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's from Indiana.
She said the same thing.
There are tons of awesome people from Indiana of which these are two people I would put
near the top of the list, but I will come out and say that when the Alabama Supreme
Court was pulling the bullshit, I was really ashamed to be from there.
And I'm going to say it on radio, I love where I'm from.
I am super disappointed in my home state.
I think because you all know, I volunteered for the no on eight campaign when that whole
thing went down and yeah, no, I know, but when, when it, when it ended up passing, I
don't know if I would say I was in shame.
I was ashamed, but I was just embarrassed.
I was just embarrassed.
I'm still embarrassed that there's like that black mark.
I mean, I realized it all got fixed up since then, but I'm still kind of like, that was
just embarrassing.
But you know, even in that short time, I have actually talked to people one on one that
said, I voted yes on eight and I was wrong.
I've changed my mind.
I've thought differently.
And so you have to kind of look at that and go, okay, progress.
We're making progress.
It's happening.
I've talked to people who voted on it and said they would vote on it again.
And I was like, why am I talking to you?
That would be my reaction by Felicia.
And the thing is, is that I really, it's, it's, I'm so disgusted with it.
I'm literally disgusted to think that there are still people in this world who think that
having that kind of attitude is right.
Yeah.
If you didn't know, if you didn't catch on to it already, I'm a gay guy who's here doing
the show and I live with my partner and we're in a, we're in a relationship and we've been
a long-term five years and, and you know, we're, we're, we're pretty decent people and
I'm not really looking to corrupt people or I'm not, I don't have a fucking agenda.
My agenda is to make sure the cat gets fed, uh, go to work every day so I can, you know,
afford to have a place for me and my partner to live.
I don't, I, I like to play video games too.
Like a lot of you do.
We're just, we're, we're not fucking like crazy people.
Crazy people are in all sorts of, sure.
There's gay, crazy people out there.
There's a lot of straight, crazy people too.
There's a lot of white, crazy people, a lot of black, crazy people.
There are crazy people everywhere.
As I told my mother, don't judge the entire LBGTQA et cetera community based on the praise
it's a little crazy.
Now the one thing I was going to say is that I, now I grew up Southern Baptist.
The attitudes that have formed this had a hand in my raising and I will say this, if
y'all want to know what the hell the commandment is, it's one love God to love your neighbor.
That's it.
There's nothing on there.
There's no except in that part of scripture at all.
So the moment I hear this shit, I say, what does it say that in scripture you pointed
out to me?
Yeah.
No, I, and I got to watch how far down the political religious route we go because we
are a video game show.
But at the same time, these are, these are issues that like fucking impact me.
This is, this is my life.
You know, when, when people are saying that, you know, there might be a business or a restaurant
that you might go into that doesn't serve you because you know, of some agenda they
made up.
And that speech also gives people the right to pick at that place.
Yeah.
Anyway, moving on, uh, let's talk about, let's end on some positivity and charity and good
things.
And we're going to talk about a guy who you may not have knew was gay, just from my hometown
and just, just happens to be a gay guy running like the biggest funky, funky, get down in
funk.
Uh, the biggest funky company in the world, Apple, uh, Apple CEO, Tim Cook has mentioned
that he's going to donate his fortune to charity, uh, and that he's been quietly donating to
causes for quite some time now.
Uh, he looks forward to when he can actually just, uh, you know, engage in meaningful philanthropy
on a greater scale later on in life.
So I'm imagining talking about retirement and those sorts of things.
Um, so I mean, in some of these other interviews, in some of the interviews and so forth, he
said that he has enough set aside for like the nephew to get his nephew through college
and all this stuff.
But the vast majority of his fortune, he plans to turn around and donate to charity.
Now I'm not saying everybody out there has to donate all of their money to charity.
And what does this have to do with gaming?
Well, Apple's getting a bigger and bigger presence.
You know, 30% of whatever you buy on iTunes, uh, goes to Apple and some of that money goes
to Tim Cook.
So, you know, it's nice to know at least that some people want to turn it around and put
that money back into their community in one way or another.
But at the same time, if Tim Cook had come out and said, you know, I want to make sure
that all my relatives are being provided for and so forth, I would, I would have been cool
with that too.
But I think it's really cool when you can say, I'm going to provide for this person,
but to a point, you know, and then they're going to have to go out and make their own
riches between providing and enabling.
Yeah.
I think that's, that's a good way of putting it just makes me super, super happy because
he's from my hometown.
Yeah.
So, all right.
There you go.
So, uh, good to know that some of that money you're putting into iTunes today, uh, might
go around and end up in charitable things in the future.
But to be fair and, you know, to, to make sure everybody gets their praises, obviously
Bill Gates, Microsoft, Bill Gates may not be as intimately involved in Microsoft as
he once was, but certainly super charitable guy himself does a lot of great things and
brings awareness to that stuff.
So there's a lot of awesome charitable people in the tech industry and, uh, you know, we
should tip our hat to him.
All right.
Uh, we're going to get to the phone lines right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR and your username
on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Uh, if you want to give us a call, we're going to get to some calls here live on the show
and then I'll also check in with Loki and see if he has any last minute topics.
Uh, let's go to the phones, however, right now, cause I think we have the phones lighting
up.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Ragingator.
Hey, Ragingator.
How you doing?
How about yourself?
Good.
Good.
Ragingator, as you were calling yourself earlier in the show with a new haircut.
I see.
It looks like you buzzed your hair there.
How you doing?
Uh, yeah, I was in dire need of a haircut, you know, so I can't figure what the hell.
It is sure as possible.
Well, it looks good, my friend.
How you doing?
What's on your mind tonight?
Uh, yeah.
A couple of things to note.
Um, I, you know, if you personally have noticed or not, uh, I would imagine you being kind
of busy and whatnot, but, um, right now, if you look on Steam, there's, um, uh, this
weekend, there's a sale on, uh, all of, uh, Sega's, uh, titles, uh, you know, if I remember
right there.
You want me to bring you up?
I did see the sale itself on Steam.
I did log into Steam this weekend because I looked at it and I went, ooh, Sega stuff's
on sale.
I need to make sure I have everything I want.
And sure enough, things like Space Channel 5, I have them in my library.
I just haven't played them since I bought them.
And I brought, that's how I brought Deep Shame.
I'm jumping out of a club, ugh, God, I, you know, not to sound like I'm bragging on, uh,
that's not my intention, but I got shit ton of games myself and, uh, I only played a handful
of them and I, of all my games, I haven't beaten a single one yet.
Uh, but anyway, you know, getting back to my point, I can't figure, you know, this
would probably be something that Sky would be interested in, uh, I already know that
Dr. Sakura noticed because I seen, uh, she bought themself, but, um, but anyway, there
was a second point to my, uh, call, but, uh, I'm starting to go, you know, get, uh, I'm
brain farting.
I forget what I was going to mention, uh, ooh, sorry, brain fart, um, you know, oh yeah,
you know, uh, you know, well, since I'm brain farting on my second point, I'm going to make
something up on the, uh, on the fly.
Um, now, you know, if, uh, since, uh, uh, Sega's, uh, you know, put a lot of the Sega
Genesis stuff, uh, on Steam, uh, you know, is there any, like, older console games that
you would love to, uh, see on, uh, Steam or, uh, there's also some, uh, no, just, uh, console
games, but arcade games, like, uh, I've seen Ikaruga on there, there was arcade game and
of course there's the Pac-Man games, so on and so forth, other, you know, older arcade
games as well that you would like to see on Steam.
That's a really good question.
What kind of, like, old arcade or old console games would you like to see on Steam?
I think things that I remember from my youth with a strong co-op angle from it, um, and,
you know, things come to mind, like the Ninja Turtles game and the Simpsons arcade game,
but I thought the Simpsons arcade game was on, I don't know if it's on Steam, but I thought
that was something they put on PC when they ported to all the other consoles some time
ago.
It was on PC a long time ago, too, because I had an old floppy version of it.
Oh, god, that's right!
There was, like, the whole, like, you could play on EGA and CGA and all, oh my god, that's
right!
Well, it was CGA, but yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was a version.
Oh yeah, no, I remember, that's right, that's old school, but, um, yeah, I, I mean, I think
about, like, arcade experiences like that and those are the types of things I would
like to see on Steam.
Is The Grid on Steam?
Because I know we used to play a lot of that at, uh, Golf Land.
Uh, maybe, uh, I don't know if this is old school, but maybe, like, Initial D. I don't
know, you guys have any answers for this?
What kind of, like, old school, either arcade or PC?
The Grid's probably emulated through MAME now.
I guess that's true.
I don't know how well it would work.
I wish Planet Harrier actually worked.
I haven't been able to get it to work yet.
Mm-hmm.
There you go.
Some of our answers here.
What about you, buddy?
Oh, there's so many, uh, unless it's, uh, hard to give a short, concise answer, uh,
just off the top of my head, maybe some old, uh, you know, virtually, you know, the entire
back catalog of, uh, Konami, you know, arcade games, uh, and miracle games like Galaga,
you know, the 1980-19, like you mentioned, the Simpsons game, uh, so on and so forth.
Um, and, ooh, I mean, there's so many games, it's hard to, uh, give a short answer.
I mean, I can go on all nights and, you know, rallying them off as they occur to me, so,
um, you know, I, I love retro stuff, and, uh, you know, even, and, uh, you know, when,
uh, whatchamacallit, uh, you know, Game Room was out for, uh, you know, uh, you know, Xbox
360, and, uh,
God, you're gonna taunt me with memories of this again, aren't you?
You're gonna taunt me with all the things that Game Room could have and should have
been until the plug was prematurely pulled.
Are we really gonna do this again?
You're right.
Yeah, oh, oh, yeah, um, not to quickly, you know, uh, switch tracks up before I forget
again, um, if you recall, just at the end of, uh, Bobby's show, when he was taking calls,
I called in, and, uh, I mentioned, uh, the arcade stick that I had recently, uh, bought,
uh, you know, and I, I was seriously thinking, uh, thinking of doing a review, uh, for the
site, because I, you know, to the best of my knowledge, I hardly ever see, uh, you know,
a hardware review for, uh, the sites, unless I'm overlooking something.
No, I, uh, why not?
Which, uh, now, uh, Bobby mentioned, uh, emailing, uh, emailing, uh, a review, uh, which email,
you know, address do I, uh, send, uh, send out the review to, or do I send it to, uh,
participate OLR, or?
No, send it, send it to me directly at vognetwork, rob at vognetwork.com, and, uh, I'll look it
over, and if I have any feedback, I'll let you know, and, you know, yeah, we're always
looking for more people that want to contribute to VOG Network.
Um, I have to be very careful sometimes.
It's a slippery slope.
I don't want to go out and quote-unquote recruit writers, because we're an all-volunteer organization,
and I realize there's writers out there that do great work and deserve to get paid for
that work, and, but the reality is, you know, we're pretty much, you know, I don't get paid
for this podcast.
We actually pay out of pocket to do the site, so as it is right now, we're pretty much an
all-volunteer, you know, group, but if somebody wants to contribute something, I've got a
platform to run that contribution on.
Let's do it, you know, so this is why I don't like to tell people what to write about.
I want to just say, hey, voice of geeks, geeks, lend me your voices.
What do you want to say?
And see what happens.
So, I think if I were to start bossing people around, then I'd have failed.
Yeah, I've definitely seen your point.
Uh, you know, honestly, I just felt like contributing something, you know, aside from the quote-unquote
unofficial reviews I posted into the forums, uh, you know, regarding the two magic, uh,
recent Magic the Gallery games that came out, uh, for the past few years, I thought I would
do something more official that would be on the main site rather than just the forums.
Well, send me an email, and that goes for anybody out there, just, just not to make
this show just about you, Rage Nator, so this goes about for everybody out there.
If you're interested, uh, send me an email.
So, uh, I will look forward to reading your review soon.
Uh, actually, I didn't hear the very end of Bobby's, uh, show, uh, when you called in
because our guest had just showed up, so, um, I will, I will look for that when you
email it.
All right?
Uh, sure, yeah, you know, in fact, I'll, you know, get started on the, the, you know,
writing the review, uh, you know, first thing tomorrow.
Sounds good.
All right, my friend, I gotta let you know just so we can get more calls.
Take care, my friend.
All right.
Good night.
Bye.
Later.
All right, 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, but it's lighting
up tonight.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello, if you can hear me, I can't hear you, so make sure you're talking into your microphone
or you...
Whoa, Legend of Zaku here.
Hey, Zaku, how you doing, buddy?
Fine, as usual.
What's on your mind?
Oh, nothing much the usual of, uh, trying to get through seeing you and Paxis a few
weeks back.
I know, it was literally for, like, two seconds that I saw you.
Yeah, well, I mean, it was, yeah, we were at that party that Friday night.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The, the, the, and I forget the name of it, 16-bit Boston or something like that, I know
the gals from Electric Sisterhood were co-sponsoring it, but yeah, good times.
Yup, I mean, yeah, I haven't been, well, let's just say aside from, like, whoring out FSX
for the past few weeks as usual, spending godly amounts of money on planes, such as
60 bucks, almost $60 on a 747, but aside from that, like, GTA 5's coming out on PC, and
I guess, you know, because obviously I'm probably gonna get suckered into getting that one,
I'm wondering whether or not it's, like, too late at this point, because, you know,
I've, I've had to, like, plunk down money for the PS3 version, and after a few months
of beating the game, there was nothing really other than to try GTA Online, and then now
it's whether or not I should, you know, whether or not it's even worth getting back into it,
even with the new Heist patch and everything.
I know, it's kind of, like, because of the fact that I, I've already, I've already, like,
already sailed that ship, and whether or not I should go back on board with the PC version
because of the new graphics and the fact that I have a card that can actually handle it.
Is that tough to want to buy the same game multiple times? Because maybe I'm the wrong
person to ask about that, because can we talk about how many times I bought Mass Effect 3?
Yeah, and the fact, and the fact of the matter that I haven't even bought that one yet,
but I guess, yeah, whether or not that justifies, you know, the fact that I bought a GTX 970
over the holidays.
Really? Isn't that the fancy one? Isn't that the fancy pants graphic card?
Yeah, and that was, and that's the thing, it's like, I had to pull together not just
birthday and Christmas money to, you know, soften the blow, and then I had to take out
a little bit of extra savings just to make, you know, just to get it through.
But it's micro center, so it's not, that purchase has not gone in vain.
Because at least, you know, with the two-year warranty, I could just hand it in, no questions
asked, and, you know, get store credit for it for another card.
Let me ask you about this, because I don't think we've had you on the show since this
news kind of broke, and I think, I want to say you were actually the first person to
kind of tell me this was going on, and then I started to get messages from everywhere,
but this is, of course, I'm going to ask you, because I know you're a long time supporter
of Konami and music games and so forth, I want to ask you about the whole, you know,
shutdown and the EMUs global. As a Bomani fan, what do you think about where all this is going?
Probably nowhere, just because of that company's disappointment.
I mean, let's be honest here, the only time they really have taken risks was back in the
days when this whole, you know, when music games were really starting to take off.
Like, if it wasn't for them, like, taking the risk of bringing DDR worldwide, then yeah,
I would have stayed in Japan. But then once they take the risk, then they become too comfortable
with their position. And once they feel threatened as a result of competing forces,
like, you know, for Pump It Up and, you know, back in the day with ITG,
they resort to using the, you know, the courts in order to seek remedies for that.
That is a really, I gotta say, that's a really succinct and good way of kind of summing it all up,
and I think it's similar to something I've definitely said on the show before,
is that they were too afraid to take risks, and then when other people took the risks and it paid off,
they were like, how did we get left in the dust? Shouldn't this have been our idea?
Was it our idea? Do we have a patent?
It's not even like them being completely, you know, risk takers in that sense.
It's more them being risk adverse and being reactive instead of being proactive.
Supernova was a reaction to ITG. And then, you know, everything else like,
and then further iterations of DER were essentially a reaction to Pump It Up, like, you know, early on.
But I'm not holding my breath just because, as I said, even with the shakeup in leadership of that company,
a lot of sources, from what I'm hearing, are still very wary of bringing EMU stateside,
short of like round one taking care of that.
And that really is yet to be seen whether or not round one has a viable chance expanding.
I mean, sure, they're definitely hitting up the East Coast right now.
From what I've seen on their site, they're trying to build one near Massachusetts.
But as I said, this whole arcade scene here, to be honest, it's kind of like it's dying.
And this is what Kyle Ward alluded to when I was talking to him at PAX East.
He pretty much said that the front, I mean, the front right now is pretty much mobile.
Getting re-raved to mobile was, you know, was probably one of the early, the initial goals aside from the arcade version.
But even the new game that he had out, the one that we have to follow the actual notes for each measure.
I believe it's called Ditto Beat.
Yeah, something like that.
And he basically targeted mobile first because that's the one with the lowest amount of overhead and risk.
Sure.
Anybody, just about any couple of devs, a small dev team could easily turn out a mobile app.
Yeah, you're still taking a risk with time, but yeah, as far as the financial risk, yeah.
But the financial, the fiscal overhead is so low that you definitely don't need massive, you know, you don't need multimillion dollar budgets to pull it off.
You can do it with a simple bank loan or a small Kickstarter.
Right.
I mean, obviously you don't pay yourself, but you wait until you actually turn a profit.
Right, right.
In order to insure it.
But yeah, it's unfortunate. We kind of knew this was going to happen.
I remember talking to the guy who actually ran Program World back, you know, like many Otakons ago, you know, almost four years ago.
And he pretty much said that the day when he got to C and D from them is the day that they start winding down.
Because he kind of knew that once round one started expanding here that it was only a matter of time before they would find out.
Yeah.
All right. Well, my friend, I got to let you go so we can try to squeeze in one more call.
But thanks for the call, for lending your voice.
Yup.
All right.
Have a good night.
Take care.
Night.
All right.
Twat.
Loki, any last minute stories?
Yeah, they announced that Halo 5 is coming out October 27th.
Oh, wow. Was that just announced?
Yeah.
We somehow missed that.
All right. Well, there you go. Now we know.
We do have one more call here. Let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey. It's a tired and exhausted Ranma.
Why are you tired and exhausted? Was there a con this weekend?
Yeah, that and I was stuck in Jersey for 30 minutes more than I should have been.
Oh, you poor thing. I wish our guest Gabriel from Jersey was still here to hear that.
Yeah.
Well, what con did you go to this week?
Zenkai Con. It's out in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. It's a nice hybrid of anime, fantasy, sci-fi, and all that cool stuff.
Isn't Lancaster, like, right in the heart of Dutch country? Or, no, I'm sorry. Amish Dutch country?
Yeah, you passed the giant Dutch wonderland going to the convention center.
That's awesome.
Yes.
So, you were out there with the Amish in your cosplays.
Well, no, actually, I saw them when we were in Walmart picking up stuff for The Room, but, you know.
Now, did somebody actually cosplay as the Amish to go to the con?
No, not to my knowledge.
God, people, do I have to do all the thinking for you? I'm just kidding.
All right, all those silliness aside, how was the con?
It was fun overall, despite, you know, the issues I had to deal with in The Room, you know, but other than that, made some great friends, had some good times.
One thing I love about this con, it's like a cool down convention for me. In between all the cons that I go to, this is where I can just go and relax and have a good time.
Nice. Good. Even though you're still worn out, but I know how that goes. You need a vacation from the vacation. I know exactly how that goes.
Even when I got home from Boston, I was like, I need another week off work to recover.
I know, right, but I didn't call in to talk about the con. There's a couple of things I wanted to cover real quick, then get the heck up and out of here.
Go for it.
Now, your guest I was on earlier, I was listening on the way in, and he was talking about the conventions and how they close early.
If I was able to call in right into the day, I would have called in, because here's the thing.
Conventions go, if there are conventions in the hotel, they will go all night long. Video rooms will either go to 3, 4 o'clock in the morning or all night.
The reason why some cons shut down at 2, 2.30, because they're in a convention center, and union contract says at 2 or 2.30, the convention center closes down.
There's no ifs, ands, or buts about that.
That's usually a hotel versus convention center thing, right? Because even Dragon Con, like the quote-unquote convention center, which I guess is America Mart or whatever, you know, is kind of that.
And that does close at like probably, I don't know, 10 o'clock or something, but the hotels, you know, go all night long.
So I think, and if I'm not mistaken, MAGFest is at a hotel, Dragon Con's at hotels, you know, so if you have a convention that's at a hotel, it's more likely to go all day, all night.
Whereas...
That's why AX was a combination of the two.
And what probably he was thinking about, because I told him, you know, we were making some difficult decisions at VOG, you know, are we going to do PAX East next year, are we going to do MAGFest next year?
And right now, we're pretty much at this point all in for MAGFest 2016 and not doing PAX East.
And I think that's probably where he was kind of noting, you know, PAX, they have to shut down.
You know, to be fair, though, PAX is in a convention center, but, you know, looking at that comparison, I don't know, PAX does not go all day, all night.
True, true, true. But then again, I do remember that one time I went to Fauna May and I stayed up till like 3 o'clock in the morning just to go to a, just to see a video presentation I wanted to see, so, you know.
Well, who needs sleep at a convention, says the 20-year-olds, and then the 30-year-olds are like, me.
See, at that point, that's when I'm like, you know what, I'm calling it a night at 4 AM.
I'm only having like five people in the room because I need, I like to stretch out, you know, get my sleep on.
The days of packing 8, 9, 10 people to a room are long gone.
That's even my, yeah, that's my thing is like I can't do that anymore, like all those people in a hotel room, like I'm like two people in the room, that's about it.
Or I will say GamerX, it was me, Alan, and Jamie in the room, and that was plenty.
Three people, three's a crowd, okay? That was, it was a good crowd, but that was it.
And DarkSakura, by the way, since you did have to sleep with two gay men, did we push an agenda on you? I'm just curious, did we push our agenda on you?
Well, I'm not interested in cock or anything, so.
Nope. Rob, seriously, and I've said this to people, if I ever had a problem with the gay agenda, I would not be able to do half the stuff I do at conventions.
I'd probably be a hunted person. I would not be able to go to cons, do the part, a lot of stuff, you know?
Because I look at this, I've hung out with gay people, I hang out with lesbians, it doesn't matter to me.
They get part, it's just as hard as straight people. It doesn't matter to me.
Yeah, I just, I like people. I just like people. That's it.
If you're a dick, you're just a dick, you know?
Alright, you said you had one other quick thing?
Yeah, I believe Bobby talked about this last PAX, and we talked about it on OLR.
That multi-function game, Artemis, where you're doing the spaceship simulation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I meant to say about this before, but Zekai Khan had a full room dedicated to Artemis running the whole weekend.
Oh, nice. Did you check that out? Did you play it?
I think it's just to play it, but I was gonna get some pictures, but let's just say it was a bit of a wait to get in there to play.
So I was like, I really couldn't wait around to get a chance to play, so you know.
Oh, I bet. Wow. Well, that sounds like fun. I gotta check that out.
It hasn't shown up at a con near me yet, but I'm hoping soon.
Well, I'll keep an eye out, you know.
Sounds good. Rama, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show, alright?
No problem, bro.
Alright, take care my friend.
You too.
Alright, bye.
Well, that is about gonna do it for another episode of OLR.
Let me check in with Loki real quick for one other chance for last minute stories here.
No, that's it.
Alright, if you have a-
Those screenshots from Grand Theft Auto on the PC version look awesome.
Yeah, I know.
My PC can't run it.
Don't, you have to convince the guy to do one.
I'll just have to live it on, you know, just play it on one or four systems, I don't know.
There you go.
Alright, well, if you have something you want to say about tonight's show or any other show or something in general you want us to bring up,
like, you know, we had a topic in the mailbag tonight that wasn't on the agenda, just, you know, for whatever stories get slotted,
you can always email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
I do try to read the tweets throughout the week.
I know I've been really bad about addressing those on the show, but I do read all the tweets.
So, you know, you can always get my attention at OLR on Twitter or my personal Twitter as well, at SKIE.
Anyhow, that is the end of another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're running pretty long tonight, but what a great show.
I want to thank once again our friends from the Sacramento IGDA for joining us in studio tonight, Gabriel and Brianna.
Be sure to check us out on April 11th when we're broadcasting live.
And check out Gabriel's company, Crumple, the demo, which is available right now on Desura and soon, trademark.
I mean, not like next month, soon, but soon in the future on the Wii U as well.
So check that out.
As I say at the end of every episode of Orange Lounge Radio, you know, we're not some mega, huge, multi-million dollar company or website.
We're just a bunch of people doing this for fun because we like to do this for y'all.
We like to hang out with each other and talk to each other.
We like to hang out with you guys who show up for it every Sunday night.
So, you know, if you liked what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, I'm not going to ask for your money.
I just ask, spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show and help spread the word here about where every gamer has a voice.
Because if we don't know your voices out there, we can't put them out there.
I mean, how long did it take for me to meet this guy five blocks from my house that was making games?
Anyway, but, you know, spread the word and we can show up and get more indie developers and more game enthusiasts and everybody here on the show.
So help spread the word.
And if for whatever reason you can't think, you know, you can't think of five people to tell or you can't even think of one person to tell off the top of your head,
it would be great to leave us a five-star review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio.
Those reviews go a long way and we really appreciate that type of visibility as well.
For now, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
DarkSakura, I see you're packing up and getting ready to go.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
I'm tired of my nose.
Feel better.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm just tired, but, you know, I have another game concept that my wife really wants me to work on.
I'm not doing it yet until I finish what I'm working on now.
You'll never hear the end of it if you start another one.
Alright.
I'm not going to.
Fair enough.
My final thought for the day is I almost bought a 60-inch television today
and I was just about to walk out the door at Sears until they told me,
oh, gee, you know that TV that's on display, we actually don't have any in stock at any store nearby,
nor can we do delivery when you do it online.
And they wouldn't sell you the display bottle?
And that is how Amazon got my purchase on a television that would have gone to Sears otherwise today,
so just some food for thought.
Just saying.
Anyway, but there's a 60-inch TV in my future.
Yes.
Finally.
I've been using that other TV way too long, so excited about that.
Anyway, have a great night, everybody.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio to do it all over again.
Thank you, everybody, for listening, whether it be live or on the podcast feed.
Thank you for sitting down at the table with us tonight.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next week.
.
