This week, music gaming is bustled with news of an arcade upstart, giving waiting players
something to do, and the return of Rock Band coming to most of this generation's consoles
and more.
Join us for this, stories from PAX, as well as your comments, calls and more right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with this episode 590 for Sunday, March 15th of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me live in studio is Techmaster Loki.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay.
I bought too much pizza.
But you brought a lot of pizza.
You actually had to unload pizza on me.
It doesn't always happen.
But it's Little Caesars and five bucks for a large pizza, so it's like, eh, why not?
Is there such a thing as too much pizza?
Almost.
I don't think they had them.
You know they have those hot and ready pizzas, so you just go ahead and pay money and they
just throw you a pizza instead of having to wait for them to cook it.
I don't know if they have those bacon-wrapped pizzas because they have their new, was it
bacon crust?
There might actually be a thing as too much bacon and that pizza sounds like it.
It's just wrapped in bacon.
I think it's just too much hype, to be honest, but I was going to try that.
Wait, food?
Too much hype?
In fast food?
I didn't actually want pizza, to be honest, but my first choice, despite their website
and their door hours saying that they should be open, they were closed, and so I had to
improvise.
Alright, it wouldn't be an episode of Orange Lounge Radio if we didn't talk about food
at the top of the show, but believe it or not, it is a show about video games.
But I do have to mention something on a serious note.
You'll notice I did not introduce Dark Sakura in the introductions tonight.
She's fine.
She'll be back on the show next week.
I had to ask her if I could get permission to share this because she did have a bit of
a personal crisis this week and I did get permission to share with you all what's going
on with Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura was mentioned previously on the program about her upbringing in Mobile and
she shared a lot of stories with us about her family and so forth, and one of the people
I know that was very close to her in her upbringing that she talks about a lot on the show is
her grandma.
She's spoken very fondly about her grandma and has mentioned some medical issues that
her grandma was facing over the past few weeks here on the program.
Unfortunately last week, Dark Sakura's grandma did pass away.
So she had to go to Alabama at the drop of a hat to go be with her family.
So she left town, I think, on Thursday or Friday night and she won't be back until Thursday.
So I just want to pass that along to all you guys.
I know here at Orange and Ontario, we've been going for so long.
There's so many of you that show up week after week and support us, not just for the laughs,
but for all the things that we go personally deal with in our lives as well.
And if you have a minute to let Dark Sakura know you're sending some hugs, I know she
would really, really appreciate it.
So I just want to let you all know that's what was going on with Dark Sakura and she's
a Mobile, but she will be back on the show next week and we will move on with the show
as we always do.
That all being said, let's try to get into some video games and gaming, of course with
you guys live in the chat room as you are every week with us at live.vognetwork.com
where we do tape live at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, every Sunday
night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, which
we actually did some announcements in between the show tonight, but I will get back to that
in a little bit.
First off tonight, after welcoming all you guys in chat, and thank you, I see a lot of
kind words for Jamie's grandmother in chat, I will pass that along to her.
But those of you that follow her on Tumblr, Twitter, or even Facebook, I know she's got
a Facebook page, you might want to stop by there if you have a chance because I don't
think she'll be in the chat tonight considering they're three hours ahead and her schedule
is adjusted a little bit with her family, she's going to bed a little earlier when she's
out there.
Anyhow, let's bring the focus back to games a little bit.
We were not here last week because I was at PAX.
I went to Penny Arcade Expo, PAX East, which is the first time I've been to the show in
probably five years.
I went to the very first PAX East.
We all went to PAX, myself, Loki, and Dark Sakura all went to PAX in 2008.
That was a fun year because we actually got to broadcast live from the show floor, right?
That was fun.
That was a lot of fun.
And then 2010, we got to go to the show and had a lot of fun.
And this year, I went to the show as well, but it was a tough show this year.
The good news is, loved getting to see people.
Loved getting to see people I hardly ever get to see, but maybe once every five years
at these sorts of things.
The gals from Electric Sistahood, which shout out to their show because they had Bobby and
I on their show during PAX East, which we got to tape out in one of the hallways connecting
some of the rooms.
So that was really cool.
And just getting to meet up with some listeners and people that I know have been listening
to the show for a very long time.
I thought that was really cool.
But I got to say, there's a lot of frustrations as well that I've kind of been going through
with PAX East.
The fact that the show is very crowded and there was a line for everything did not exactly
help the situation.
And I get it.
Yeah, it's a big con.
It's a huge thing that happens.
But I mean, you would have these huge four-hour lines, I'm not even kidding, four-hour line
to do the Oculus Rift.
And they kept the line.
So it's like, you can't even really stand around to get in the line.
You have to kind of walk around the booth and maybe when you come back, you'll happen
to catch that 60-second window where you can jump in the line.
Bobby and I got to do this with Final Fantasy XIV.
We lucked out.
The line was capped, but we had actually turned around to go look at something else real quick.
And then we noticed that the guy wasn't standing there.
So we jumped in the line and immediately that Enforcer got back in the line behind us and
capped it again.
So we lucked out getting to do that Final Fantasy XIV thing where all I wanted was the
t-shirt.
All I wanted was the t-shirt that says, I beat Shiva.
So phew, we got the shirt and I didn't have to worry about that anymore, but that was
an hour wait just to play a game that I've already played online.
But I think part of the problem that a lot of the demos on the show floor are having
is that either A, they don't bring enough of it or B, the demos are a bit long.
I think a lot of companies are bringing demos that might be a bit long and it's not really
moving things along very quickly.
I will give a shout out to Harmonix though, the Amplitude demo, they kept people moving
pretty good.
And that was one of the better demos I actually played at the show was the Amplitude demo,
which I love me some music games, right?
So I got to play the Amplitude demo and that was a lot of fun and they can move four players
through every two minutes and that's a really good ratio compared to some of the boosts.
I will say though, to Paxi's credit, there really was a focus on indie this year and
that's always exciting to see and especially when the indie games themselves are getting
a huge line of people to play even those games.
I think we stood around for about 20, 30 minutes to play a game called Thumper, again because
it was kind of a game that had a really long demo.
It was by some former Harmonix devs, but I enjoyed the game and it was worth the wait
so I don't have anything negative to say about that.
But there was a lot of love for indie, although this could also be the fact that because GDC
was going on the exact same week that we could not get more of a AAA presence at Penny
Arcade Expo.
I sort of like the shows where it's like a little of the AAA's, a little of the like
A- and the Bs, and a little of the indies.
It's a great harmonious mix of all of them and Pax East, Pax East I think was missing
probably a few key players, probably because of the GDC thing.
Now they've moved it out a month next year, which Pax East really needs to do.
The snow thing and the weather, you know, I'm a West Coast guy and I get that a lot
of you think I'm a big wimp and so forth, but that was pretty brutal, some of the weather
while I was out there.
And it doesn't really help for the travel, getting around, just all the snow on the side
of the road and look out where you're walking because you might slip and fall in a puddle.
So they're moving it back a month next year, probably to get out of GDC's way and so that
snowmageddon can't happen to them again, which is good.
Really good because yeah, the weather doesn't help that situation.
And another thing that I have to admit kind of bothered me about Pax East and apologies
to my friends who are out there in the Northeast and who live in Boston, but that convention
center where they host Pax East at, man, that thing is a pain in the butt to get to travel-wise.
And especially considering that Boston is a city that doesn't really have the greatest
traffic to begin with, with all its streets that weren't really built for cars, right?
It already is a mess to begin with.
I mean, when you're waiting on the shuttle for an hour to get from your hotel to Pax,
which honestly we probably should have just walked faster, but we didn't think it would
be such a huge mess.
I mean, it just kind of says something about what a cluster that whole thing was out there.
So I actually liked it better when it was at the Heinz the first year that I went, even
though I realized it was a smaller show.
Here's the other thing that kind of, just to give you an idea where my mindset is at
with Pax.
I'm going to spill the tea on a little something and I'm going to be very honest and open about
something that frustrated me greatly and I know frustrated Bobby greatly.
And we've been dropping hints about this a little bit, but I'm going to tell you exactly
what went down with Pax East and why we've been a little bit frustrated and the fact
that the show was kind of a mess, for lack of a better term, doesn't exactly instill
confidence that I want to go back next year.
We were contacted about four months ago, Bobby and myself, to reprise a panel that we had
done at Dragon Con on starting a network with some other independent broadcasters.
So the point of this was to try and reprise this panel at Pax East, that this group was
going to submit to actually do this panel at Pax East.
Of course we were on board.
It sounded very exciting.
We love to enable more people to do independent broadcasting and start their own network and
so on.
So we said, sure, we'll do the panel.
And Bobby and I were talking a little bit off this email conversation and, well, what
if they don't pick up the panel?
Because we don't have any, and I'm using my quotey fingers here, star power on this
panel.
So the realization is the odds are that the panel will get picked up is pretty low.
But then we realized, well, okay, if we don't get into the show with this panel, then we
can certainly get in as media because we broadcast from the show floor in 2008.
We had that.
We did our thing in 2010 and had fun at the show there.
So we know that other podcasters that have got in as media and it's not a problem.
We won't have a problem with that.
So I booked my flight to Boston, Bobby got the hotel, and we're all ready to do Pax East.
And of course, this is long after the general admission tickets had already sold out because
you know, Pax sells out in 15 minutes, right?
So Bobby and I find out that we didn't get the panel, which we kind of saw that coming
unfortunately.
We would love to do it again.
But all right, it is what it is.
They want to focus on these big AAA developers hosting their panels, even ones that don't
have a booth on the show floor, at least they're showing up to do a panel so they give
this panel space to these AAA developers, whatever, fine.
So we decide to apply as media and we send them everything that they requested and we
get a form letter denial that we do not meet the criteria to get in as media.
What's interesting about this, Bobby and I submit our credentials together.
Bobby gets the denial for media and then I get at the exact same time, even though my
information was on page two, I get the exact same time, please submit your credentials.
So I send them the exact same thing that had been sent before a week later, get denied.
Both Bobby and I independently write to this email box to say, could we get more insight
as to why we were denied?
We meet the criteria.
We're fortunate enough that, you know, if you look at Stitcher Top 100, we're one of
the podcasts in there, very competitive with some offerings from like IGN and so forth.
And that's all thanks to you guys.
Thank you so much.
But, you know, we feel like we have enough of a listenership to kind of justify that
sort of access and keep this in mind because I don't want you guys to think, oh, this is
Rob just bitching that, you know, he's on a podcast and podcasts aren't media anyway,
because here's the other side to this.
We have peers that we know are getting into the show as media and we know other people
that have comparable listener bases and comparable, you know, stuff to us that are getting in
as media.
So we figure, well, if they're all getting in, then we shouldn't have a problem either.
We'll just pick up the phone and call them like we do with E3 and explain it and that
won't be a problem because that's exactly what happened with E3 last year.
Unfortunately, no telephone number, no response to our email, nothing.
We're not given a reason.
We're not given an explanation.
We're not given a chance to appeal.
We're not given a live person to contact for this.
Meanwhile, again, we talked to other podcasters.
We know our peers are getting in.
Our peers are getting emails answered.
Our peers are finding a way to, I guess, get a live human being to respond to something.
Again, Bobby and I had contacted independently.
Are we being ignored?
Yo, Pax, did I hurt your feelings?
It would be nice to know.
I mean, tell me, let's have a chat over coffee.
Let's see if we can hug it out a little bit.
I'd like to know because when you don't answer emails and you don't provide customer service,
that comes off as unprofessional.
Again, I want to reiterate this.
This is very important.
I am not complaining that I didn't get a media pass.
I am totally fine with that if the rules are consistent.
I believe I've presented enough examples here where I'm showing that it was not consistent.
That's what frustrates me greatly is that it was not consistent.
We weren't even given the cordial reply of, if they had replied back and said, sorry,
we were looking for X, you have Y, then you know what?
As long as I had my chance to kind of make my case and so forth that they were going
to stick with it, then fine, it is what it is.
Even though this is the same show where we were broadcasting from the show floor in 2008,
apparently it was media then.
With a much smaller listenership at that time, I'm assuming as well.
Right?
So anyway, that left a sour taste in my mouth, which you probably could tell over the past
couple of weeks in the show.
But you know what?
Damn it.
I knew there were people that were going to the show that I wanted to see, and one of
our listeners, Hitstun Awesome, came through for us because I was getting ready to cancel
the flight.
And he said, you know what?
I have these extra passes and I'm more than happy to sell them to you at face value and
you can go to the show.
I wouldn't play in that scalping game, but our listeners are good enough to not be scalpers.
So I decided, you know what, fine, I will pay the money to get these tickets and I'll
go to the show.
I flew out there on my own dollar and all this stuff.
You know, it is an independent pilot.
There's no first class jet or expense, you know, it's my money I used to fly out there
and I'm telling you, I don't see a reason ever again to spend that kind of money to
go to a show like that.
The lone exception being that I could see my friends again.
However, I have a pretty good suspicion that if I go to some different cons out on the
East Coast, such as Dragon Con, which I will continue to support.
Dragon Con is kind of its own thing because Dragon Con isn't an expo so much as it is
a convention and it's like 20 small conventions all taking place at the same time.
And Dragon Con replies to their emails, so that's one thing.
You know, I'll continue to do stuff with that.
I'm very interested in doing MAGFest next year.
I love the Rockage event out here on the West Coast, so I'm looking forward very much to
doing MAGFest on the East Coast.
I want to do that next time and I think I'll get to see a lot of the OLR and VOG people
out there, so that's fine.
But as far as PAX goes, kind of done.
And I just, again, while we're spilling tea, can I just say one more thing here?
There's a lot of perception out there that, well, what does that media access get you,
Rob Roberts?
Why do you even care about the media access?
Because PAX is the show where media is treated no differently than the general public, save
maybe they get to go on the expo floor one hour sooner.
Wrong!
That is wrong!
That changed quietly a few years ago.
Y'all didn't notice.
Oh, when did that change?
Well, about the time that Penny Arcade outsourced that expo to that new vendor who runs it on
their behalf and has expanded it into a brand that runs PAX South and now PAX Australia,
the brand that cannot be bothered to reply to emails.
There are appointments to be made at Boos to see games that are not out on the floor
for the general public.
There are things being shown in hotel rooms, much like they are at E3, that, again, cannot
be seen with the general public.
If you think that PAX is this open, I get to see everything there, sorry, that changed
a few years ago.
But I do think it's still cool that PAX has a lot of board games and card games and bring
your own computer and other stuff that kind of mixes it up a little bit.
But as far as the bang for my buck, I'm spending it elsewhere in the future.
Did you want to ask me anything about PAX East, Loki?
Did you get to play Rock Band?
No, they didn't bring it.
They didn't have it.
How's Amplitude?
Amplitude was fun.
I liked it.
It was good.
It was a good time.
I played a lot of music games because there was Thumper, Kyle Ward was there showing off
what he's doing on the Android tablets with DittoBeat and Rerave Plus.
He's going to come on the show next month, by the way.
I'm very excited to have him.
He's a longtime music game community guy, and we got to talk and dish a little bit about
some of the things going on, and he is going to absolutely come on the show and promote
that stuff in the future.
So looking forward to that.
Cool.
Yep.
So anyway, that's my little story about PAX East.
Otherwise, there are some other little things that were kind of fun, like I enjoyed going
to the classic game room and getting Bobby Blackwolf to play the guardian legend for
the first time.
That was a lot of fun.
And just getting to play Kid Icarus on a Nintendo with an NES controller.
I haven't done that in a very long time because I don't have a working Nintendo.
So yeah, it was awesome to get to do that all over again.
And again, see people.
You know, we got to go to dinner one night with a couple people from VoG, and that was
really cool.
SSG100Matt, whose girlfriend lives out in the area, knows Boston very well, took us
out to Harvard, and we went to a brewery over there, and that was a lot of fun.
In fact, SSG100Matt is in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying, the first PAX
East wasn't bad.
I still like that more than the previous ones.
Me too, I had a great time at the first PAX East, but again, that was before they outsourced
it, but anyway.
Let's see, over at live.vognetwork.com, YYR says, Magfest will definitely get the bad
taste out of your mouth.
And SSG100Matt saying, Magfest is where it's at.
I can't praise it enough.
So yeah, it seems like people are loving that.
And Kaijuto saying, Dragon Con has real dragon transportation.
Yeah, well Dragon Con's a lot easier to get around because they hold it downtown at all
these different hotels, they're all interconnected, and even if they're not, there's a lot of
shuttle service.
I don't hear about a lot of these same problems at Dragon Con.
So Dragon Con will be like the one big show that I do here, but from now on, I totally
plan to focus on more like small and mid-level gaming expos, where there's more to do.
Just to put this in perspective, I played more games, actual games.
I got my hands on more games at Rockage in San Jose, which was one, actually, I was there
for only one day.
That event was multiple days.
I was there for one day and played more games than I did the three days at PAX East.
Just food for thought.
Anyhow, I'm not just here to bitch and complain, but a lot of you guys have been asking me
questions about what's going on, why have you been subtly side-eyeing this whole thing?
So there it is.
I've laid it all out on the table.
Take what you will from it.
I will, to turn this into a positive, though, before the show tonight, getting into housekeeping
a little bit here as well, before the show tonight, Bobby and I and Loki made some announcements
about what's going on with VOG Network.
So first off, great news, we'd like to welcome the Geek Card to VOG Network, yay, hosted
by Razorbug, Rob, and Sil over in the UK about various things in geek culture, video games,
television and so forth, so get your Geek Card stamped with them every week, so welcome
then to the network.
And we also talked about how we're not doing E3 this year, for very similar reasons that
I've just vented to you about with PAX, E3's also going down this whole of, why am I going
to spend all this money to go to E3 just to maybe have appointments, maybe, if I'm lucky
and I beg, and we can make people understand what a podcast is, even though cereal is huge
right now.
If we can get an appointment to see the exact same thing that they're streaming on Twitch
TV at 3 o'clock, you know, I just, I'm not sure the money is justified to spend to go
to something like E3 when that is money that we could spend to get table space at a medium
or small convention like GamerX, like Magfest, like, you know, something else.
California Stream I get to go to this year, I don't know if we're doing anything with
that yet, but maybe, I hope to, I'm going to ask that question.
One other exciting announcement, I'm very excited about this because this is a local
organization, but they're doing things on an international scale, and that is the Sacramento
branch of the International Game Developers Association, and the Sac IGDA is actually
hosting an event here locally on April 11th, and we are going to be broadcasting from that
event live all day from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., actually going to be broadcasting from that,
and you guys will be able to ask questions with some of the developers that we'll be
sitting down with, and you might think, well, oh, if it's Sacramento, then I don't live
there, am I, well, these games are all games that are trying to get noticed more on a national
scale so they can be distributed on things like DeSoura, as some of them are actually
getting exposure on, and, you know, other national platforms, so it's not like, you
know, in this day and age of the internet, you won't be able to check out a lot of these
games for yourself that we're actually going to be talking about on the show, on that live
broadcast.
So VOG Network with us from OLR will be broadcasting from the Sacramento Indie Arcade Gaming Expo
at the Colonial Cafe in the colony next door on Saturday, April 11th.
If you happen to be local in the area, you should probably come on down and say hello.
So that was, that's something very exciting to announce.
You see, see, and I, I bet, I bet we'll talk to 10 times as many developers at that than
I have at any other show, and I have to spend $5 on gas to get over there.
If that.
Isn't that a better use of money?
I think so.
So I'm excited about that.
Loki, you were already talking about going to this and then all of a sudden it's, hey,
guess what?
We're going to be, we're going to be broadcasting from it.
Uh, hopefully I can still go to it.
I'm hoping I can.
No, I'm hoping you can too.
It won't be the same without you.
So, all right.
Anyhow.
Uh, there you go.
That's, that's our housekeeping and, and everything we're going to talk about at the top of the
show, except of course, how we always start off the show here at Orange Launch Radio,
talking out a little bit about our gaming weeks.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, my gaming week was, I didn't play really anything.
I was just been working on my game.
In fact, it's weird.
I had a bug creep up on me that I've already had fixed, so I'm not sure how it came back
and even looking at the code, it doesn't make any sense because it should work and
yet it's not working.
So I'm trying to figure out why that is.
Well, if you can ever finish a darn game that you work on, Loki, maybe you can join the
SAC IJCA and maybe show at the show.
Wouldn't that be something?
Uh, you might miss the deadline for the submissions, but maybe next year.
Nope.
Figured it out what it is just now.
We just now, wait, you just, you squashed a bug in your head as you were complaining
about it?
I'm hitting the collider that's on the car that I put there because I replaced the colliders
on there and so I don't have it on a masking layer and so it's hitting the car's own collider
and that's why it thinks it's still on the ground.
Ah, I'm so stupid.
Anyways, but that'll be fixed today.
No, but really the whole thing I was working on this week was getting the car model they
had was originally this kind of stand-in thing and now I have an actual car model on there
and it looks fancy and everything.
It matches the style of the game and what else did I do?
That was pretty much it.
I was just really tired this week.
A lot of it was trying to catch up on sleep and I got really distracted by CinemaSins
this week.
I watched way too many of those videos, but mostly because I was so tired I couldn't concentrate
to work on stuff and so I just, I don't know, I just kind of slacked off a little bit.
I played a little bit of LEGO Marvel Super Heroes, but less than a minute, just very
little.
And I really meant to play DJ Hero this week.
I just, once again, too lazy to go dig out the turntables in the other room and set up
my Xbox 360 because it's not currently set up and finding the disc, wherever the hell
that is.
So yeah, but I want to.
I still want to play that and maybe something on my Steam library, I've been kind of digging
through that a little bit.
I don't know.
It's just been kind of slacking off a week.
Hopefully it'll be a little more productive.
Well, if you've been working on the game, you know, working on a game is likely.
My goal was trying to have, you know, the game at least another level built and I still
very well can have another level built.
I'm just kind of tweaking the car a bit just to make sure that it works fine because in
order to make the other levels, I have to basically duplicate this start level that
I have and then change stuff in it.
And if I make a change to something outside of that, then I've got to change it in every
single level that I make afterwards.
And it's just better to get all of those things fixed first and then do, you know, do the
car stuff.
But I don't know.
That's it.
Anything that you think you might get to play in the next week?
Well, the game's quite playable.
My son played it for a good 20 minutes today.
I just, you know, I have to jump on past, you know, one of the checkpoints, basically
a game breaking bug.
And so I get him past that little ring and he can drive around with however he wants
and it works just fine.
So that was the thing.
So he's been playing with that and it works.
I don't know.
All right.
So I'll just work on a little more.
I'm, since I didn't get a level done this week, that means I got to get two done next
week.
All right.
Well, my gaming week, you know, I talked about some of the stuff I played at PAX already.
So outside of the expo, of course, I did a little playing of like Theatrhythm and Fantasy
Life on the flight and those good old standby 3DS games, right?
And then when I got home, I've been playing some of the usual stuff, Diablo 3, because
Alan is still super into Diablo 3.
He's like Paragon 350 plus at this point, I think.
I don't know.
I'd have to ask him.
But I know that doesn't mean anything to you, Loki, but that's a lot.
That's like 350 levels in a game.
That's a lot.
That's a lot.
But, you know, it's what he loves doing right now.
So that's cool.
I'm up to Paragon 140, I think at this point.
So I'm lagging behind a little bit, but I'm able to run Torment 6's with him and stay
alive with my move.
So are they like, does the difficulty ramp up as you level up or you just become all
godlike and just be able to like squash anything?
Well, the set difficulties in the game are like, you know, like normal, master, hard,
like all the way up through Torment 6.
And you do get to a point where even in Torment 6, you're pretty much face rolling a lot of
the rifts and all this.
But here's what happened.
Here's what happens is that when you beat a rift, most of the time you'll get what's
called a keystone.
And that keystone allows you to enter a greater rift.
And the greater rift starts with a trial where you just fight these mobs over and over again.
They get harder and harder and harder and they respawn in these different waves.
And if you get to about wave 25, you're running the equivalent of a Torment 6.
But the numbers go higher than 25.
In fact, I believe they go all the way up to 50, maybe 60.
I don't know.
This is probably more of an Alan question.
Maybe he's listening and can run out here and tell me.
So once you get the keystone, then you actually run a rift at that level.
So let me tell you, even though like Alan is that level I told you he's at, he's still
banging his head on, I think Torment 37 right now.
So there's still a lot of room for him to grow beyond what he's doing.
So that's kind of what the end game ends up being.
But I mean, it is still Diablo.
It's a dungeon crawler.
It's a click loot fest.
But there's something very zen about it.
Just sitting down and playing.
And then, you know, you get to play with friends and you get more experience when you play
with friends and so forth.
So that's exciting.
I tried playing Clicker Heroes this week just to see because I haven't looked at it in months
and it won't even open anymore.
What?
Yeah, it won't even open on my computer.
Oh no.
I was like, okay, well I guess I'm done with that.
Um, let's see, anyway, um, what was I going to say?
Outside of Diablo 3, also a little more Final Fantasy XIV, because I didn't even mention
we did this at Penny Arcade Expo.
The one panel we did stand in a line to get in a line, even though you're not supposed
to do that, everyone does it anyway, but we stood in a line to get into the line to get
into the Final Fantasy XIV panel where they showed all the information about the expansion,
all the new outfits for the different jobs, and announced the release date of June 23rd.
Our birthday, here at OLR, so how appropriate, right?
So Heavens War, the expansion's coming out June 23rd.
So we actually did that panel.
So of course it kind of got me a little more enthused for Final Fantasy XIV, so I came
home and I played a lot of that as well.
But I did play new stuff, guys, in fact I played a game that I really should have played
three months ago, four months ago, when it was first free on PlayStation Plus, and I
downloaded it, and I really should have played it then.
I don't know why I didn't, I just, probably game overload, or I was sucked into my MMOs
or something.
But Flaco Jones had told me about four or five different times, Rob, you need to play
Velocity 2X, you need to play this game.
So finally, I decided to sit down and play it this week.
I think his most recent tweet yelling at me about this finally resonated in my head.
So I went in and I played the game, and I love it.
It's so, it's great.
It's like, you know, and Flaco was saying that I would really like it because every
time I talk about the Guardian Legend and how it's like half a shooter game, half like
a Zelda adventure exploration game, he's like, that's Velocity, you need to play Velocity.
And it kind of is, I mean, Velocity definitely has the shooter, and more like a side-scrolling
platformer, whereas, whereas Guardian Legend is more like a Zelda slash shooter, I would
say Velocity is more like a Rayman slash shooter type of thing, but definitely encourages and
embraces speedrunning because, you know, it's, at the end of each level, of which I think
there's 50 levels in the game, at the end of each level, you're evaluated and you get
a medal on how fast did you do it, how many of the possible survivor capsules did you
pick up, how many of the possible crystals did you pick up, and how much out of the total
possible score did you get by killing every monster that's in the level and so forth.
So you get evaluated on all that, and if you want a perfect, which of course, if you obsess
over not missing anything in your games like I do, then you obsess about getting a perfect,
but if you want a perfect medal, you gotta do all those things at the same time in one
run-through. Get a very fast time and collect everything. So it really, like, presents a
challenge, and, you know, it's a good-looking game, even though the graphics don't exactly
push the envelope of the PlayStation 4, it's probably the type of game that could have
been on PlayStation 3, in fact, I believe it is, and there's probably not much of a
difference between PS3 and PS4 versions. Still, at the end of the day, it's about
fun, and the graphic style suits the game, and it's a lot of fun. I go back and I play
levels over and over to try to better my score, and the soundtrack is so good. The soundtrack
is, like, Commodore 64-influenced. So, like, again, credit to you, Flaco Jones, because
like three or four months ago, you were telling me, Rob, this is like a perfect game for you,
why are you not playing this game? And he was right. He was right. I don't know why
I didn't. Just sometimes, sometimes you're like, oh, but no new games right now, because
I got to get my palette into max level and 14. But I'm so happy I checked out Velocity
2X. That's a lot of fun, and I'll probably be playing that more in the coming weeks.
So, if you didn't pick up that game on PlayStation Plus, I would say it's still worth your money
to check it out. So, that was my gaming week. Since we already went through our housekeeping
notes for the night, I will mention we are on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're
on Facebook and Google Plus as well. Facebook dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio. Google
dot com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio. Let's get into some gaming news. Usually, we would
do like a last week's news set to Holic, but there was kind of a few big stories that require
a little more attention. So, let's get into some highlights from last week, Loki.
So, the big one, which we kind of knew was going to happen, or at least thought it would
happen was Rock Band 4 was announced, and they announced it for PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One. Haven't really slated exactly when it's going to be coming out, but looks pretty awesome.
It's got a new set of instruments, which honestly look just like the old set of instruments,
but I don't know. Apparently, though, they are looking at trying to take the support
that you had, because a lot of people really were into Rock Band on Xbox 360 and PlayStation
3, and so they're having ways that you can import your songs that you bought on PlayStation
3 or Xbox 360 to your consoles. I'm hoping that that's cross platform, but I don't think
so. I think it's Xbox 360 to Xbox One. No, I think they even said in an FAQ, it's
not cross platform because of the rules of the different stores, which, yeah, I think
you, me, a lot of people are sitting out there going, Rock Band 4 might have just sold me
an Xbox One. I know that's where I'm at. Not that I didn't want one anyway. I already
wanted an Xbox One for other reasons, but now I'm sitting here going, yeah, by the time
Rock Band 4 comes out, I'm going to need an Xbox One, because I'm not losing that library
of songs. Yeah, exactly. And the other thing, too, is that there's supposed to be maybe
support for the old instruments as well. I hope so, because damn, I have a full set of
instruments on the Xbox 360, and that's kind of the thing with me. It's like, I don't play
a ton of Rock Band right now, or pretty much at all anymore, and I am not buying another
set of instruments for Rock Band 4. So, I hope that that's the case, because otherwise
I probably just won't pick it up. I think they said that they're trying solutions right
now. They don't have a definitive answer, but they're working on it. I would be fine
with like a third party mod type situation where, you know, you have some sort of devices
that allow it to run on other consoles or something like that. Yeah, YYR summarizes
it in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com, saying, controller compatibility is not guaranteed,
but they said they're looking into it. ActDeft was some very strong words here, saying, Rock
Band 4 defined what next gen console I'm getting. Xbox One for me now. So, very interesting
that this is the game that is going to cement the next gen for a lot of people. Yeah. Microsoft
should be like, not only has Harmonix really been supporting the Kinect, when like, literally
nobody else has, like, Microsoft should be sending Harmonix a dozen roses every day.
I mean, really. And chocolates. And like, whatever they want. A pony. And then fortunately
there will not be an Xbox, or a Wii U version of that game, because EA, I'm assuming is
publishing it again, and EA fucking hates the Wii U, so, sorry. No Rock Band on the
Wii U. Well, are they necessarily publishing it? There's no... I don't think anything's
been said on that. I don't think anything's been said, but... There's also no MTV Games
in the picture anymore, so a lot could be different. I would be willing to bet that
EA is probably publishing that. Alright. That'd be interesting to see. I mean, I'm guessing.
I don't know who else would be. Maybe Self. Who knows? They could do it. No. I doubt it.
Well, we'll see. We'll see. But, well, I think also just the mere fact is, if they're developing
it for next gen, Wii U runs on current gen, right? Or are they doing Rock Band 4 on Playstation
3 and Xbox 360 as well? Well, the question was, you know, why not on Wii or Wii U or
PC? It says due to shifting production priorities and capabilities of studios, we don't currently
have any plans to release Rock Band 4 on the Wii or Wii U or PC simultaneously with Xbox
1 and Playstation 4. Bobby in our chat room is clarifying that EA doesn't publish Rock
Band 3 anymore. Mad Catz publishes it now. There's no EA splash screen anymore. And act
deaf to jumping in saying Mad Catz is doing it as well. Oh, that's right. They make the
instruments, so. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. They had that whole thing. I am a little sad
that they eliminated keyboards. I, you know, I think we all saw it coming, so I can't like
be upset, and I don't want to be one of those gamershateeverything.com types of people,
but yeah, I'm still a little sad. Especially if the old tracks are gonna work. Like, it'd
be nice. It'd be nice. It'd be nice just to have that support there, not necessarily new
songs supporting it, but like the old songs would be nice. Yeah, that's, I would like
to see that as well, but. But why put it in if you're not gonna support it in new songs?
Keyboards clearly did not do too well, but this, I just, I am expressing my grievance.
I would like it to be aired, and that's that. So, we'll move on and just hope there are
other exciting things. I think it's cool that it's coming out. Just, you know, once again,
I'm kind of, I'm a little over the whole like, ooh, it's a music game, gotta pick it up and
support it. Now it's like, yeah, I've supported it enough with all the crap that's in my garage
and on my, you know, Xbox 360. Well, I mean, they really, I mean, besides the fact that
they've said it's coming, we really haven't seen anything about it. We don't have a screenshot
at all. We don't really have anything else to go off of. So, but I mean, that's, that's
also a good thing because that means there might be new play modes and new things in
the game. And I've, I've talked about on the show before how I think social and this new
day and age of social gaming we live in is gonna really drive Rock Band 4. We don't know
any of that stuff. And I imagine that's what they're keeping in their hat until E3 that
they can put out there on the Twitch stream or by appointment, you know. We will see more
information about what's happening with that. Yeah. So I'm sure it'll be at E3. I'm sure
it will too. And Bobby Blackwell in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying, I want
stage kit compatibility. I agree. I still want one of those stage kits, even though
that'd be a complete waste of money at this point. You could probably get them really
cheap now. All right. Also in last week's news, speaking of EA, I'm sure many of you
caught wind of this, even though this happened during GDC. And I don't know if that was an
attempt to not have this show up on the radar, but in this day and age of the internet, when
you try really hard to have something not show up on the radar, guess what? It elevates
it to people's radar that much more. And that's what happened when news came out that EA has
closed Maxis. Maxis behind the Sims 4 and of course the ill-fated SimCity reboot that
happened a couple years ago that, you know, didn't, it wasn't received too well because
of the always online component that not everybody was on board for. Well, and even like SimCity
or the Sims 4, like with all the removed features and stuff in there, it's like, come on. You
know, I mean, I have a hard time believing it was just Maxis going, you know, this is
going to be a good idea. I can't, I can't help but think that EA kind of pushed them
to do certain things that they did in that. That's, that's the other thing that's kind
of interesting or crazy to me and all this is that, you know, Maxis, you know, ate a
lot of controversy with the SimCity thing. And I don't know, when I still think of Maxis,
I have a very soft space in my heart because I think of all those amazing Sim games from
the nineties, like the original SimCity, even SimCity 2000, even though I didn't like that
one as much, but I know a lot of people did, but I think of things like SimAnt, SimEarth,
SimTower. I loved all those games and man, that was the heyday. And unfortunately, you
know, now they started going in this direction with the, the SimCity and I wasn't a big fan
of the whole always online thing because I think a lot of us, why did we love SimCity
the original? Cheat codes and making Godzilla appear whenever you want by typing certain
things in the keyboard. But in this day and age, and the way EA's model has been as of
late is now you can pay money to unlock all that. And people were not having that, but
I feel like that is part of EA's culture, not Maxis' culture. So there's something very
odd to me about the reason that that game flopped was probably more EA's influence than
anybody else. And so that's, what's very frustrating about this news, you know, and again, I'm
just sitting here in my spare room in Sacramento commentating on what I see. I don't know how
it works on the inside, but I still can't help but feel like every issue with these
games was something that was decided in a boardroom, not by a developer.
To me, that's kind of the same situation I think with Activision and Bazaar was, you
know, kind of that, oh, hey, we have an idea, you do this. And then like, it didn't work
out. And so they punished, they punished the developer instead, you know, even though it
was their terrible idea.
Kossin in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says, no shout out for Sim Farm. Look, I didn't
shout out Simcopter either. Okay, look, I just, I can't, can't name them all. Anyhow,
EA saying that today we're consolidating Maxis IP development to our studios in Redwood Shores,
Salt Lake City, Helsinki, and Melbourne as we close our Emeryville locations. Maxis continues
to support and develop new experiences for current Sims and SimCity players while expanding
our franchises to new platforms and developing new cross-platform IP. In other words, SimCity
isn't dead, the Sims isn't dead, but they're probably going to show up on mobiles.
Well, they already have. I think it's more of they're going to have different teams developing
it. And you know what, maybe that's better for that series. Maybe it'll end up being...
I still feel like if some of the same decisions are still made, it's not going to change a
goddamn thing. And you know that. So EA is going to have to take a different approach
with if they're going to move it to a different development studio, they need to let that
studio make the decisions. Well, whose idea was it for like Sim... I mean, I'm assuming
it started with like kind of Sims 2 and stuff, maybe even Sims 1 where they have like $400
worth of expansions and shit for like the Sims. Well, here's the other thing to keep
in mind though, is that the Sims at the time, and I think maybe still possibly eclipsed
by one of the Blizzard games like World of Warcraft, but I'm pretty confident in saying
the Sims is the biggest PC game of all time, or at least was for a very long period of
time unless something's eclipsed it recently that I'm not aware of. But I mean, when you
have the most popular game of all time, multiple expansions to that I think are justifiable
and fine, you know, whatever. Yeah, but when you have like a new expansion... It's not
that different from DLC today. It's not that different from DLC today. It's not that different
from EA DLC today. I mean, it's the same thing. It's just, you know, they supported
it with discs and that kind of nonsense. Yeah. So, I don't know. I just... This news hits
hard a little bit just because, again, I remember Maxis from the 90s and I used to love them,
but then, you know... It kind of went downhill with support, didn't it? Yeah, I just... I
hate to say it, but they haven't... Unfortunately, they haven't knocked one out of the park probably
since maybe what? Sims 2. Even Dark Sakura, that girl in the earlier years of the show,
she used to play the Sims all the time, right? Have you heard her talk about Sims 4? Maybe
once? She's kind of moved on. So, I think, unfortunately, that kind of says a lot about
what's going on. You're right. Spore... And it's so hard to say this because I think Will
Wright is a genius. I do, but Spore... We all know Spore missed the mark in several
places where it was just too disjointed. That's fine. I'm fine with Will Wright kickstarting
something if you... Yeah! Hey, why don't you, like, you know, come out with another
city simulator or something like that. Simulator City. Every musician has their not-so-great
album, so you know what? Every designer is allowed their not-so-great game as well, so...
It happens. It happens. Anyway, also, it's funny you should say that. Why doesn't he
go back? It sounds like somebody else might have actually put out the game that people
wanted. Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com saying, apparently, Cities
Skylines, or whatever, is today a SimCity. A lot of people love it, and it just launched
last week. And TigerClaw says, yeah, one of the reasons is the Steam Workshop support.
People can mod it. And yeah, I'm... Somebody even tweeted me like, Rob, are you gonna play
this game? And I'm like, yeah, if I can look away from the MMOs for like two minutes, I'll
play this game. But I am very interested in the Cities Skyline, which sounds like opportunistic
as hell in a way, but hey, good on ya. You heard that all the people wanted this game
instead, so you went and made that game. Good for you. And it's getting very good reviews
from what I'm hearing as well. So maybe Cities Skylines is where it's at.
Yeah. So, anyhow, never... Bad decisions or not, it's never easy to talk about people
losing their jobs, so I hope all those people can find footing somewhere else, and again,
I know I realize, and I think a little bit realizes, it's probably not your fault if
you're a programmer or an artist or somebody on the front lines, it's probably not your
fault that SimCity went online, and I'm sure many of you internally often wanted to do
these questions as well. So, sorry to see that that happened. I hope you can find other
employment somewhere very soon, or venture out and open up a new studio, as we've seen
a lot of people doing, and a lot of those indie developers that were at PAX East were
part of that. Anyhow, let's move on to something else.
This is gonna be something a little different for the show. We haven't really done anything
like this before, but some big news came up during that week that I was at PAX East,
and this was so big that I was getting plenty of Facebook messages about it, like, Rob,
you gonna talk about this on OLR? You gonna talk about this? I was getting tweets about
it and so forth. So yes, we're gonna talk about it on OLR. And I think this news is
not on a lot of people's radars, and I actually got a tweet from our buddy YYR that said,
hey, Rob, can I do a special piece on this or something? Because I really wanna have
my say on this and explain this to everybody. And I was like, yes, we can have a foreign
correspondent now. We made it. We do. We have a foreign correspondent from New York. Is
that foreign? Well, foreign enough here for us here. It's a little outside the People's
Republic of Davis, but you know. So we are gonna go to our foreign correspondent to talk
a little bit about what is going on with Programmed World. And I'm gonna reiterate, I don't think
a lot of people are talking about this because this is very deeply rooted in our deep roots
of being a music gaming program, which is really where we started. So I don't think
this is popping up on a lot of people's radars, but I'm gonna ping it right now. So let's
go to our foreign correspondent, YYR, with more information.
The end of an era, Nostal Mix. This is an Orange Lounge Radio special report. I'm Aaron
Toplitsky. How far would you go to play a video game or to share it with the world?
Germany ceased production of Beatmania 2DX home versions in 2009. They continued yearly
updates to the game, each bringing lots of new songs and challenges. But outside of Japan,
they were impossible to find. A small group calling themselves DJ Hackers began to crack
these newer versions of 2DX, which were running on fairly ordinary PCs running Windows XP
embedded. They did release the cracked data for download on a private BitTorrent tracker,
but their true goal was to bring the full 2DX experience to arcades outside of Japan.
So while they soon had cracked versions of the game running on legitimate 2DX cabinets,
their efforts did not end there.
In Japan, Konami runs a network called eAmusement. At first, it simply tracked scores and clear
status for each song, but the online features were greatly expanded in later versions. Today's
Bimani games are continuously updated, each having dozens of unlockable songs, plus customization
features, in-game score comparisons with rival players, and even the ability to pay for your
games using virtual currency.
Konami's current business model actually revolves around the eAmusement network. Arcades no
longer pay for new versions of Bimani games. Instead, they pay Konami monthly for network
access, and also pay approximately 30% of each machine's revenue. Further, the latest
games need to be connected to the network just to function. If they can't connect at
boot time, they can't be played. In fact, arcades must have a current eAmusement subscription
and agree to these terms in order to receive the newest game versions at all. They can't
be obtained in any other way.
Several independent arcades in America have tried contacting Konami in an effort to sign
up for eAmusement, but none to date have received a reply.
Following many months of work, DJ Hackers successfully reverse engineered the eAmusement
network, and then set up their own, which they of course named after a song in 2DX,
Programmed World. They also found a source in Japan who could provide access to current
Bimani games. By late 2011, Programmed World had reached out to known locations outside
of Japan with 2DX machines, informing them that they could now run the latest, current
version. All they needed was their machine, a pair of card readers, a broadband internet
connection, a Linksys router, and a bit of cooperation. Programmed World offered the
service free of charge, and just as Beatmania 2DX 19, Linkle, was released in Japan, arcades
in America received it mere days later. This effort grew, and over time, Programmed World
added support for Popin' Music, DDR, Ubeat, SoundVoltex, GuitarFreaks, and Drummania,
delivering new versions of most games as they were released. Programmed World even added
some features Konami never offered, such as transfer of player song scores from one game
version to the next.
Then, seemingly suddenly, just over a week ago, the administrator of Programmed World
received a cease and desist letter from Konami Digital Entertainment Incorporated. Several
arcades serviced by Programmed World also received letters asking them to stop running
current versions of Bimani games or face potential legal action. Two days later, on the evening
of Sunday, March 8th, Programmed World permanently shut down. Devoted players convened online
asking why. It had become clear over time that as Programmed World expanded, and as
our communications became increasingly social, it was impossible to keep it a secret from
Konami. However, according to sources, Konami had been aware of the network's existence
for at least several years. Why did they wait to take action until now?
One possibility comes in the form of a Japanese chain of amusement centers named Round 1,
which in recent years decided to expand into the United States beginning in California.
These centers feature karaoke, bowling, billiards, darts, ping pong, and a large arcade packed
with Japanese games including the latest Bimani games. But through a special deal with Konami,
Round 1's Bimani games are all connected to the official Japanese e-amusement network.
As Programmed World continued to grow worldwide, reaching Europe, South America, and even parts
of Asia, Round 1 continued their expansion in the United States. They've already opened
locations in Texas and Illinois, and are coming soon to Washington, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania.
They list Beatmania 2DX as a Round 1 exclusive game on their website. So, some players believe
that they may have seen Programmed World as unfair competition and asked Konami to
shut it down.
Another possibility comes in the form of an announcement quietly posted to Konami's website
less than two weeks ago, the opening of what they call e-Amusement Global Service. Further
details have been promised later this month, but what players are hoping for is that Konami
recognizes a global demand for their games and will begin to provide the service directly
to arcades around the world. However, whether they'll actually provide the service to locations
other than Round 1 remains to be seen. And even if they do offer the service to other
locations, there's no guarantee that the cost will be affordable enough for struggling independent
arcades.
Ultimately, these arcades, and their owners, stand to lose even more than the players.
At the very least, until we learn more about Konami's plans, all of the machines that were
connected to Programmed World must be manually downgraded to versions that will run offline.
The newest of these is over three years old. The situation for some venues is even worse.
The newly opened Nanuet Arcade in New York recently purchased DDR2014 and SoundVoltex3
machines. Both are still on their way from overseas, and without a network connection,
they can't be played at all.
For Orange Lounge Radio, I'm Aaron Toplitsky.
Do they have one in California? Because I'd like to go, it sounds awesome.
But anyway, I think that whole theory about Round 1 and the fact that, okay, if they are
embracing having these machines there, and they've made these deals with Konami, because
they know that, you know, Bomani games are still huge in Japan, and they want to be like
a Japanese center or whatever, maybe they've agreed to pay the proceeds to Konami, or what
have you, then if they're going to go to these other arcades and see, wait a minute, these
pirated versions of the game where they're not paying anything at all is running rampant,
then, you know, it's, or I shouldn't say pirated, because some of them are purchased legitimately
and on the network or whatever, but they're not paying that percentage to Konami, clearly,
so there is a different type of money exchange going on there. If they're all doing that,
then, you know, Round 1 probably did complain about a problem there.
It's a bowling alley, by the way.
But it says they have a multitude, probably like our bowling alley here has Laser X and
a big arcade and all this other stuff, so it's probably like a similar type of thing.
So, let's see, the closest place that they have one, which I'm wondering now that I see
this, if they've taken over a different location there, but apparently they do have them in
California. They've got one, I'd say probably the closest one would be in the East Ridge
Shopping Center in San Jose.
Yeah, they're all mentioning in chat that there's a bunch in California. Well, gee,
somehow slipped off my radar.
That's five. I wouldn't say it's a lot.
That's five's a lot.
Most are in Southern California. There's one in Santa Ana, one in Lakewood, Moreno Valley,
and City of Independence.
Fine, OLR Road Trip. We'll make this happen.
And actually, the one that's in East Ridge is coming soon. It's not even out there yet.
It's a slippery slope, though, because, like, I know when I went to Scandia back when they
actually still had the newer 2DX machines, I had a lot of fun playing it, and I really
enjoyed that. And, you know, I'm glad that they were able to provide that where Konami
would not put that out officially in the U.S. and was kind of holding that back from the
fans. So, in a way, you know, the fans are to thank for putting that together and having
it out there. But I think now that somebody's stepping in saying, I want to do it legitimately,
that's probably why it's taken away.
But it is lame, though, that we have these round one exclusive arcade game titles, and
here's what they have. Initial D8, Purikura, which is a photo booth, BeatMania 2DX, Pump
It Up Pro 50-inch Prime 2015, Transformers, and Pac-Man Smash.
Hmm. Well, I mean, when you consider that a lot of other arcades are really, like, you
know, kind of going downhill, unfortunately, I mean, it's not too, I mean, what, you have
Dave and Busters? I still think it's absolutely, it's, like, kind of a kick in the face of
all the people that have supported Konami all this time. It's like, oh, hey, fuck you
guys, you know. Oh, you still want to support us? Oh, fuck you. You know, we'll just go
ahead and give money to, because they're going to give us money to have this game exclusive
to this arcade. So, screw you guys. There's no answer to this that isn't going to piss
somebody off. Like, I, and I can honestly, I can honestly truly sit here and say, I see
both sides of it. And I think a lot of you out there, as much as maybe you don't want
to admit that, you know, you can see Konami's side of it, if they, the way Aaron put it
there with the whole agreement with round one, and that maybe round one's going to give
them that cut, and once it's exclusive detail, so for, in order for that to happen, the rest
has to get shut down. I mean, money talks, and I can see that. At the same time, you
know what we always say here on OLR? Hackers gonna hack. And so, where program world goes
away, there'll probably be another solution that's out there. But if this round one arcade
catches wind of this mom and pop arcade that suddenly is running a BeatMania 2DX, you know,
much newer version that is connected online on EMUs, they'll, the arcade will probably
get season assisted. I mean, if that's, if, it depends on how big of a draw and how important
that is to round one, but if this arcade chain knows there is a cult of music game
fans, and I say cult in a loving type of way, not in a, we're all gonna, like, you know,
take drugs and die kind of way, I mean, if there is this cult of people who love this
music games that will travel a great distance to come to our place, if we are the exclusive,
then there's perhaps a certain allure with that, where they want people to have to do
that a little bit.
They also apparently have Project Diva.
Oh, hell, I'm sold on that. I love Project, alright, anyway. Over in our chat room over
at live.vognetwork.com, YYR of course providing comments in the chat room there saying, the
people really screwed are the ones in countries not serviced by either EMUsment or round one.
That's a very good point, is that you might have places in other companies, which, which
is why it might be a good thing if this particular EMUsment global service ends up being a thing
and maybe in other countries where they don't have round one, maybe there will be another
option, or maybe, you know, if the mom and pop arcade wants to get on the 2DX, they can
join this EMUs global thing.
But here's what I do really like to happen.
If Konami's suddenly realizing that this shit is recognized on a global scale, and if music
games are experiencing a bit of a renaissance right now, is it too much to ask for a proper
goddamn Beatmania release on PlayStation 4 where, wait for it, I know this might be hard
to believe, but would it be too much to ask that we just get the same thing that Japan
gets? Would it just, I know this might blow people's minds.
This is something that might blow minds too, but couldn't you maybe do a digital only release
or something like that?
Hey, hey, the arcades are upgrading.
Let's send, let's push out upgrades that you can too by, you know, maybe it will be slightly
limited because, you know, they still got to have some sort of draw for the arcades
or maybe it's going to be a year behind or something like that.
But I, I don't understand why they couldn't do that.
What, what the hell 2DX are they on anymore anyway?
I'm really sorry to all the longtime Monty fans, but was Trichorros the latest one?
23?
Is that where they're at?
I don't know.
Somebody in chat will correct me if I'm wrong.
When was the last one they put out properly on consoles?
Princess, right?
Six or no, sorry.
Empress.
Princess.
Close enough.
Uh, 16 was the last one they put out on PlayStation 2, right?
So why not, why not release the new one digitally or even got physical release cause you want
to have a controller, right?
Or whatever.
Maybe you can even use the touch pad.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Figure something out where you can release that and then all those older ones we missed,
there's your DLC library.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Come on.
How many Konami originals do you have?
It costs you literally nothing.
Why do you need Konami originals?
Nevermind in joke.
Forget it.
Uh, 22 Penn Jewel I'm being told is the recent one.
Sorry guys.
Uh, Bonds 006 in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, yes, Rob, it's too much to ask.
Konami doesn't like making money.
Well, you know, to be fair, to be fair, did Beatmania sell as well as something like Rock
Band did?
No.
Did, was it supported by America as well as something like Rock Band was?
Nope.
Why?
Because they didn't, well, they didn't really advertise it and do anything they may.
I think didn't they have like a Britney Spears song in there or something like that and that
was about it.
Two reasons, and these are the two things that must be fixed if the Konami is ever going
to succeed with something like this here in America, if they're going to reboot.
These are the two things that must be fixed.
Problem number one, the songs that were in the game as well as the songs that were in
Rock Revolution and so forth, dah, dah, dah, dah, were not really the songs that the general
population, not the Colt Bimani fans, I'll get to you in a minute, that was not the group
of songs that people wanted to play.
Why did Guitar Hero do so stinking well?
Because you could actually play like fucking Aerosmith, ACDC, Metallica, and it wasn't
just covers, it was the actual songs.
They took a huge risk in licensing original songs and it paid off for a few years very,
very well, the Guitar Hero and Rock Band thing.
Well, it would continue to still pay off if they didn't melt that into the ground, but
yeah, that's, it worked for Rock Band.
Now item number two, and this one is for those Colt Bimani and music game fans.
Item number two that must be fixed.
Stop pretending we don't fucking know what's happening in Japan.
This is the day and the age of the internet.
So stop assuming that your bread and butter Colt fan base doesn't know damn well what's
happening in Japan.
If you have to cut a few licenses here and there because of legality reasons, then whatever.
People will forgive it.
But as far as, you know, the vast library of Konami originals in house, there is no
reason why the release we get here should not mirror what comes out in Japan.
And I would still love a new DDR game.
I would.
I mean, come on, look at this shit.
Look at like what people pay for fucking collector's editions on games and shit.
You can't tell me that you can't put on a decent dance pad for a couple hundred dollars.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Anyway, there you go.
We've given some attention to this topic and I don't, I think E3 may have some answers
if Konami is going to unveil.
It's all going to be the Melger Solid 5 show and that's about it.
Oh, maybe Silent Hills, which would be kind of cool.
But of course that.
But it's going to be that because that's where their money is going to be made.
They're not going to, there's not going to be any sort of dance masters, which I think
that was kind of a mistake anyways.
But yeah, YYR in chat saying problem is they tailored their American releases to new players
exclusively.
Act F saying Beatmania was 99% originals and remixes of originals.
Let's see Akuma JP saying developers, developers, developers.
Akuma just needs to say that, wow, that's an old, I'm sure we get some licensed songs
from Vincent de Mora means shit.
What's he done lately?
I mean, I still, Hey, those are still some of my favorite songs.
Exactly.
I'm that, I'm not seeing it like being sarcastically, seriously, what has he done lately?
Cause I want to listen to more of his stuff and there were other people like UltraMix
brought in some very talented people into the family, right?
Like Midi Head who did the intro to our show in case you forgot that little riff you heard
at the beginning.
That was Midi Head who is from UltraMix.
And I think he had like one 2DX song, you know, maybe get, get some of his newer stuff.
See what he's been up to in the past 10 years.
I think he's been doing a lot of scoring for TV.
There's a whole ton of indie guys out there.
Get Vert to do some music.
Fuck yes.
Fuck yes.
Oh my God.
There's all these like huge chiptune guys that are creating these soundtracks that people
jizz over that.
I do.
Do you think Vert would be happy to, for, for a couple hundred bucks or something, throw
down a couple tracks that can be in 2DX and would people be here for that?
I think they would.
And a lot of these other very talented people as well that, that write video game music.
That's a fucking great idea, but it's why they won't do it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
It is a three hour show, not a 30 hour show.
I really want to thank YYR for that though.
And I got to say, if you're interested in doing a report like that, like if you think
you're an expert on a particular subject and you see something happening throughout the
week where you're like, you know what, I want to do a report on that for OLR.
You can always email us, participate at orangelaundry.com or actually it might be even better.
You can always email me directly as long as you're not sending me crap.
I'll read it rob at vog network.com.
And if you're interested in contributing something to the show, you can also tweet at me.
That's what YYR did at SKIE.
And as long as you're not like tweeting me all this inane bullshit about ethics or whatever,
I will happily pay attention to whatever it is you might want to contribute to the
show.
So.
All right.
Let's move on though.
We got a lot more news to cover as well.
Right, Loki?
Moving into this week, finally.
So news from this week.
Absolutely.
And this is kind of cool.
It's more information about the new PlayStation 4 firmware update 2.5.
Some of the cool things that they're going to add to it is button remapping, which is
great if you happen to have like a controller that maybe like a certain button's kind of
not working correctly anymore and you want to fix that or maybe you just want to remap
your buttons because you like playing a certain way.
That's fantastic.
So you're able to do that now with the firmware.
Also with that, they're going to be adding suspend and resume to gameplay.
So normally you can suspend your system and that kind of stuff, but now you can literally
pause your game and then come back to right in the same spot that you were in your game
without having to worry about that.
So that's pretty awesome.
I think that's kind of how they were originally talking, you know, advertising that feature
when they were talking about PlayStation 4 initially.
The other thing which is kind of cool is they're going to be allowing you to upload 60 frames
per second video for share play and remote play to daily motion.
So that's pretty cool.
And I guess also that button remapping will be pretty nice for accessibility as well.
That is awesome that they're doing that on a system-wide level.
So the games that fail to remember to put something so easy into the game, not a problem
anymore.
Yeah.
Or say a game offers you certain button configurations and you just don't like it, you want something
of your own, then you can do that.
Moving on, talking about what's happening with Nintendo while we all wait for that PS4
firmware release because it isn't out yet, but soon.
I think in like April maybe.
Some people making a really big deal about that suspend resume thing because it was something
they announced at the beginning and then it never came out.
Am I the only one that like kind of forgot that that was supposed to be a thing on PlayStation
4?
Yeah.
But you know, some of the people, there's always those two camps of people and to be
fair, I know there's people that do this to Microsoft and as well, but man, there's some
people out there that just like every little thing Sony does, they just, they'll take the
opportunity to jump down their throat.
And I know people that do that with Nintendo too, like Loki.
Well, I am a bit bugged when they announce features and this is specifically for Sony
in this case, you know, they announce features and then they don't end up releasing with
those features.
I'd rather they just don't announce those features and then put it out and then, oh
hey, we did this.
I was talking with somebody about this at PAX East.
This is why our industry is so fucking secretive, by the way, the video game industry.
This is why there are so many secrets because any little thing that gets out becomes an
expectation and becomes, you know, this thing that is judged and put out there for, you
know, the cynical game reverse that's out there, of which there's a lot of.
Well, it's fine.
It's fine if like they could say, you know, initially when they're talking about, yeah,
we're these power saving features and what we're working on, we're trying to get this,
you know, resume suspend function to work.
It may be not necessarily as part of an announcement, maybe like, you know, talking with the hardware
developers type piece or something like that, but I'd be fine with that and wouldn't expect
them to do that.
Like, well, we're trying to get that to work, you know, we'll see, you know, it's probably
not something that's going to be at launch, you know, or even if they're announcing a
feature like, oh, the resume suspend thing, you know, all this is not going to be at launch.
This will be coming later on, you know, something we're working on.
I don't believe that was ever outlined, you know, it's more of like, ah, the console releases
in two weeks.
Oh, by the way, this is not going to be part of the launch thing.
All right.
Well, let's move on to Nintendo and Loki is going to try very hard to not find something
to complain about with these stories.
Hey, I am, I, I am very fair.
Sure you are.
Sure you are.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about Splatoon, which of course is coming out on the Wii U later this year,
which by the way, huge line to play that at PAX East, Splatoon, and I'm kind of thinking
like why the game's out next month.
And I just, I don't know, I just, it was the same demo that they had had at E3 and I was
kind of, I was happy just watching other people play it going, I get an idea what this probably
game is like.
I'll probably check it out when it comes out on the Wii U, but I'm sure this, this is not
a secret anyway.
Uh, this is, this is one of those very non surprising things.
However, a Splatoon eShop listing showed up and shows that Splatoon will be supporting
the amiibo.
I'm sure this is surprising nobody.
Uh, it is not an official confirmation, however, but come on, come on, amiibo and Splatoon.
This is Nintendo's huge thing now.
So of course I'm sure the amiibo are going to do something in Splatoon.
Uh, the pages were then quickly taken down after they were discovered, which, you know,
just means it was true, or else what would they have had to be afraid of?
Um, also apparently there was a, a retailer out there called Raru, uh, that had a Splatoon
amiibo pages.
There was a Splatoon squid girl and a boy that were going to be released at the end
of May.
So maybe Splatoon was actually going to get its own dedicated amiibo, or still is going
to get its own dedicated amiibo.
If they are, uh, A, I hope we can find them, and B, I'm sure more information will come
on that in a Nintendo Direct soon.
You know, though, for all the complaining I've done about amiibo here on the show, which
I still believe is, is justified, when Nintendo wants certain amiibo to be available, they're
not that hard to find.
Like, if you, you can go to Target and get Mario, Pikachu, Zelda, you know, you can get
a lot of those pretty easy, and I imagine, like, you know, some of the Mario Party characters
probably won't be so difficult either, uh, and if these Splatoon people are, are released,
then I'm sure they won't be too hard to find either.
It's all those niche characters that are the ones that, of course, the gaming fanboys and
fangirls just, they have to have in their collection, because I'm cool enough for school
to know, you know, when they were still making Mega Man games, and all these sorts of things,
that, that causes frenzy, and then Nintendo does, can't print enough of them, because
there's only so much shelf space or whatever, I don't know.
Random amiibo tangent, sorry for that.
And here I thought Loki would be the one complaining.
Sorry about that.
But hey, nothing to complain about with this, because this series is fantastic.
It's Mother, also known as Earthbound Zero, which is the first one.
Of course, the soundtrack to these Mother games, uh, are always really kind of trippy
and fun, and, uh, the official soundtrack to Earthbound Zero was never released outside
of Japan.
However, what's happening with this, a record label named Ship-to-Shore Fanoko has obtained
the licensing rights to this Mother soundtrack album, and they have taken to Kickstarter
to officially release the Mother official soundtrack outside of Japan and on vinyl.
So if the Kickstarter does well enough, they might consider releasing soundtracks for other
video games on vinyl as well, including the rest of the Mother series.
So you can check that out on Kickstarter if you want.
Uh, trying to get an update on where they're at right now.
Oh, they made it.
So it looks like this is happening.
Their goal was 42,000.
They're at 48,000 with 24 days to go.
So they're, they'll probably beat that goal by quite a bit.
That's pretty awesome that they're going to be releasing those on vinyl.
It's also pretty disappointing that Nintendo still doesn't give a shit about releasing
those titles.
They, isn't, isn't that something when you, when you actually see money being made on
the internet off this and yet, I don't know, I guess they just feel there's more bang for
the buck and focusing on Amiibo or something, which shouldn't, to be fair, they're probably
here's what I think that they need to do.
Then get a fucking B team develop development team or something like, you know, don't they
have like four or five R and D teams inside Nintendo.
I think here's an idea and I'm going to throw this out there.
It's going to sound a little, here it is.
Here it is, folks.
Here it is.
I thought instead of producing Miyamoto's fucking terrible ideas, like, and I'm not
saying like he has great ideas, but the two, wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You just said a Miyamoto's terrible ideas.
The man behind Super Mario Brothers.
And yes, yes.
Let's give him a pass on every single idea that he comes up with because he made Super
Mario Brothers.
Oh, as I said at the beginning of the show, every developer has a couple of stinkers once
in a while.
I've got two couples.
I have his couple of stinkers right here that he showed off at E3 for an extended period
of time.
Oh, fuck you.
You don't want to know anything about Star Fox.
It'll be good though.
But let me show you this, these, my personal projects that I really care about.
They're fucking terrible.
Which was a direct response to everybody saying they wanted to see the Wii U game pad being
used more.
That wasn't to quell some type of Miyamoto ego issue.
That was to shut the fucking stock investors up because they were saying that they didn't
understand the point of the game pad.
All right.
Anyway, anyway.
Okay.
Anyways.
Project watch fucking piece of shit.
You don't need that.
It's going to be Five Nights at Freddy's already did.
And number two, whatever the fucking robot fighting game that he's doing is also garbage.
So take the people that are going to be making those games and put them on a new mother game.
You can't tell me that there's not anyone's command.
You know what?
Nobody wants to see those games instead of a new mother game.
No one is going to say that.
Nobody.
No one is going to say, I really want to play project watch.
I really want to defend some arbitrary building from Rob the robot.
I'm going to, I'm going to poke at this Loki, because I know there's many Nintendo fanboys
sitting out there with steamed faces right now at what you're saying.
And you need to consider this.
Nintendo is trying to broaden the audience than just cult gamers who want cult games.
And so by some of these Wii U projects, the thought is, and we don't really know until
they're out there and get to test the audience, will this bring more people to the Wii U that
don't already own one?
You're right.
Because that really worked well with Wii Music, didn't it?
They tried to broaden the audience with that.
No, no, no, no.
Apples and oranges.
Apples and oranges.
No, it wasn't apples and oranges.
They thought they could recapture the...
The Wii had already sold 11 billion copies.
They, oh, and it shouldn't have been a problem to have that game be a success then, because
even a mart, you know, a small fraction of the people that own the Wii U could have,
or the Wii, could have bought, you know, Wii Music.
But guess what?
Nobody fucking bought that game.
It was terrible.
And it didn't broaden any audiences.
It was just like, oh hey, we're going to recapture the fire that we had with Wii Sports, and
we're just going to apply it to this.
And people will buy it because it's like Wii Sports.
So, I just think if they save their time from producing those two games, hey, Star
Box is going to be amazing.
And I'm sure a lot of the things that Miyamoto does are amazing, but I wouldn't waste my
time on these tech demos.
It's just not going to work out.
All right, as expected, as usual, Loki's Rants getting a variety of responses in chat.
And, you know, some supporting you, Loki.
We've got Bonds006 saying thank you, Loki, for that rant.
And YYR saying this episode would not be complete without a Loki Nintendo rant.
I'm glad this is still a complete episode.
And then the other side of it, AkumaJP saying please play the game first before you slam
it.
What, Wii Music, or are we talking about this?
I'm assuming these Wii U prototypes.
Okay, I'll play Project Watch when it comes out.
Eventually, whenever that is.
All right, I'm holding you to that.
I'm holding you to that.
Okay, I'll play it, and I'm sure I will love it.
I'll be like, oh my god, Miyamoto made this?
I have to love it.
I have to love it.
Let's see, and Kaijuto saying I don't even know what the heck Mother is, so I'm not looking
for a remake of it.
They called Mother 2 Earthbound here in the US.
That's what that is.
And Akdeft saying Wii Music was a failed tech demo.
So, there you go.
But these two games that, I mean, projects he's working on, wouldn't those technically
be a tech demo?
Because it certainly looked like a tech demo to me.
I, I think it's, honestly, I think it's too soon to say, because sometimes, especially
Nintendo does this, they put out one tiny little part of their game that becomes a much
bigger thing.
But Nintendo has also listened to feedback, and sometimes they'll put out a tech demo
and then end up not doing anything with it.
Wii Vitality Sensor.
So, they must believe in these and that there's full games in there somewhere if they're
going to actually end up releasing the games.
So, we'll see.
We'll see, Loki.
I can't wait to see your beaming reaction to playing those.
I don't think we'll actually ever see Project Watch or this robot fighting game.
It will end up being whatever Nintendo Land 2 is.
What about, what about, are you going to hate on everything Nintendo?
What about Zelda, Wii U?
No, I didn't say I hated everything in Nintendo.
I'm just saying these specific two projects are fine.
I love Miyamoto and his stuff, but I'm just saying, maybe not Pikmin, but I love everything
else.
I'm just saying that these two projects in particular are a waste of time.
All right.
Moving on.
Again, it's only a three-hour show, not a 30-hour show.
Let's move on with some more stories.
Loki, what is coming out that a lot of people are going to be playing, probably?
Well, there's actually some decent stuff coming out.
Soccer moms everywhere.
Going to check this game, I'm not sure.
I'd say it's kind of up my alley, but Battlefield Hardline is going to be coming
out this week on PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
Also, Resident Evil Revelations 2 on PlayStation 3, and I believe PlayStation, or Xbox 360,
Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
Those will be the disc versions of the game, because I want to say that they've already
been out digitally.
What else?
I think that might have actually been it.
I want to see if I'm missing any other releases here, but I think that's it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, save.
Before I get to the Japanese release...
I did miss one.
And I'm sorry, it is ironic that it is also Nintendo, but Mario Party 10 will be coming
out this week.
Oh, is that this week?
That is on the 20th.
That would be Friday.
I need to, it looks like we might have some guests coming to the show here, spur of the
moment here, so while I get that worked out, do you want to maybe talk a little bit about
Mortal Kombat X, and then I'll come back and talk about the Japanese releases.
Absolutely.
So, Mortal Kombat X is pretty awesome, and we've been kind of waiting, you know, especially
with the last Mortal Kombat game, they had all these guest characters that were coming
in there, and kind of speculation is, who's going to be the next guest character?
We had Freddy Krueger last time.
You know, wouldn't it be awesome if we had, you know, Jason Voorhees or something like
that?
And sure enough, you know, they picked the perfect day to release it, you know, the information
on Friday the 13th, they announced that Jason Voorhees will be the first guest character
that will appear in Mortal Kombat X, and they had a nice little trailer that went with that.
It's going to be part of the Kombat Pack that will include Jason as well as two other classic
Kombatans, and they're going to have another guest character, and that seems like kind
of a waste of money now that I look at that.
But $30 for that.
$30 for four characters.
That seems awfully expensive.
That's dumb.
Oh, hey!
Where did that voice come from?
We have some guests here in studio.
What voice?
What voice?
Hey, how you doing?
It's Princess Irene joining us tonight.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Doing pretty well.
How are you?
Just texting me like, hey, I was in the neighborhood.
Want me to stop by?
Yeah.
That's exactly what happened.
That's exactly what happened.
Well, how are you doing?
What brings you to the neighborhood tonight?
Oh, we were at the Marvel Universe Live, and then I was trying to leave our mutual friend
Jim's house, and we went the wrong way.
We went the wrong way.
And so we're like, you know, Rob lives over here.
Go there.
Why not?
Wait a minute.
You mean Flacco?
No, other Jim.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, he's not far from here at all.
No, no, no.
You're kind of in the right area.
Yeah.
We were just going in the wrong direction.
Hey, and also joining us, all these random voices.
Whoa.
A wild Mystique approaches.
How you doing, Mystique?
We haven't had you on the show ever since we were, I think, at the studio that was at
Jamie's house years ago.
Yep.
I'm usually traveling with a wild Dan.
Yes, you are.
Her husband.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Yeah?
How was Marvel Live?
It was pretty cool.
Yeah.
What do they do with those things?
Yeah, the first five minutes were awesome.
Oh, no.
Oh, God, you went too, huh?
We'll get to that later.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
All right.
It's nothing.
It's no fault.
It's a fault of my own genetics, unfortunately.
Let's just say that I pissed away over $200.
Meaning that after-
You bought everything there.
No.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
The kid had to go to the bathroom five minutes into the show.
No, the kid got scared five minutes into the show.
We had to leave, and I had nice ass seats.
There were five rows from the floor.
That's your bad.
It was fantastic.
It was so fun.
It was lots of fun.
It was fun.
The first five minutes sucked, but the rest was so good.
No, no, it was awesome.
It was just too loud and too scary for-
What do they do at Marvel Live?
They play fight.
They have stuntmen.
So it's like wrestling?
It's like a stunt show.
Well, don't they do-
It's more as I like to say, it's like Disney on ice, but it's Marvel, but it's not on ice.
But Marvel's owned by Disney now, so it's-
Kind of technically.
So it's Disney on ice without the ice.
There you go.
So Disney on.
It's like one of those stunt shows that you see at Universal Studios or something like
that.
Oh, with monster trucks?
Yeah.
They didn't have trucks in-
Actually, motorcycles.
Dirt bikes.
Oh, it was so cool.
Cool.
Yeah, I wanted to see it, but-
I went to a hockey game over the weekend.
I had fun with that.
That's really cool, Rob.
Actually, it wasn't that cool because our team got fucking clobbered.
They choked.
I felt like I was watching a Kings game.
It was so awful.
Wait, are you saying that a hockey game's not cool?
Wow.
No, hockey's fun.
You're not cool.
All right.
You should already be used to a Kings game not sucking.
All right, look.
By the way, I'm talking about the Sacramento Kings, not the LA Kings, but the LA Kings
suck too.
All right, anyway.
Who are the LA Kings?
Hockey.
You've never heard of hockey?
Oh, what's hockey?
I don't know what hockey is.
Did you ever play Blades of Steel, one of the greatest NES games ever?
Oh my God, did I ever.
There you go.
Oh, that hockey.
Duh.
Why didn't you just say Blades of Steel?
Jeez.
Okay, so I don't know if you know this, but Blades of Steel is based on something that
people do.
Now, I know you're in California, so this is a hard concept for you to believe, but
having just got back from fucking Boston a week ago, sometimes the water freezes over
and people skate on it.
Is it magic?
It's like Disney on Ice.
Yeah, it's like, okay, it's like Disney on Ice, except the princesses punch each other
and the blood bounces on the ice.
Oh my gosh.
That's hockey.
I would pay money to see the Disney princesses in an all out brutal hockey game.
I wouldn't.
That does not sound like fun at all.
It could be.
All right.
Anyway, our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, SJ100Matt saying Rob has gone to
more NHL games this year than I have.
Some folks in chat, DarkTests2us saying shots fired.
And let's see, YYR saying, so it's like roller games.
You ever been to roller games?
Oh my God.
Roller games.
It was an NES game.
Right?
Where you could be that fat guy.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Shut up.
It's a game.
Look it up.
Chat room.
Roller games is an NES game.
Hashtag look it up.
All right.
But that was a fantastic game too.
All right.
Let's get you ladies caught up on everything we've talked about on OLR tonight.
I would like you to quickly in one sentence or less, give your reaction to the following
stories.
All right.
Here we go.
Yes.
What kind of video games have you played this week?
Irene?
I've played Luminous Electronic Symphony and other things that I can't remember.
Mystique?
Words.
Words.
All right.
So Mavis Beacon teaches typing or typing of the dead or...
Words with friends.
Words with friends.
I have not had time to play games because I'm too busy doing homework.
Why are you even on the show?
Because you made me get on the show.
That's true.
Sorry.
Cause she's fun.
All right.
Rock band four has been confirmed.
What?
Okay.
All right.
Let's see.
EA closed Maxis, the developers of SimCity.
Oh no.
God no.
What are we going to do now?
I guess play something else.
You can't be serious.
Let's see.
Konami has shut down the service Programmed World that allowed BeatMania 2DX machines
past Linkle to work here in the US.
Okay.
What?
Do you not have any opinions on anything going on in games?
No.
Let's see.
What did you think of Marvel Universe Live then?
Oh my God.
It was so good.
You guys.
Like it was, I didn't know what to expect.
It was off the hook.
It was off the hook.
It was off the chain.
It really was.
It was.
Like I thought it was going to be like for kids like, okay, this is going to be stupid,
but it was so action packed and exciting and like it was, you know, a riot.
It was awesome.
It was like watching your cartoon come to life.
Right.
It was full of puns and clever one liners and just, it was so good.
You know what else is action packed and exciting?
Mortal Kombat X. Jason Voorhees is going to be a character in Mortal Kombat X.
Is it going to be space Jason?
No.
I don't think it's because Freddy.
That's the Jason X.
It could be one of the, uh, the, uh, costumes because they're supposed to have different
costumes.
Freddy Krueger was in the last Mortal Kombat game.
Well that would make sense because Jason X was space Jason.
So it's Mortal Kombat X.
So they should have like, duh.
All right.
Makes sense.
That movie was not very good.
Look, let's not talk about that.
Okay.
Cause I will scream.
All right.
Picking up where we left off with release dates for Japan.
We'll check in with these ladies throughout the show with the other news.
Maybe I'll let Irene promote her own show.
Mystique, do you have a podcast too?
Everybody's got a podcast these days.
Shut up.
Um, no.
Okay.
Well maybe.
I forgot to mention.
She's stuck on one.
What?
Since I didn't quite get done there.
Um, Mortal Kombat X has been delayed on Xbox 360 and PlayStation three.
So uh, you'll have to wait longer than April 14th, unfortunately.
Well I mean, I think a lot of people are really focusing, especially the audience that would
be really into Mortal Kombat and buying these games the day and date they come out.
A lot of them are probably already on PlayStation four or Xbox one.
So I don't imagine there's a huge audience for the 360 and PlayStation three versions,
but I'm sure some people are feeling a little shafted by that, but Hey, as long as it works,
that's the most important thing.
It's got to work.
Time Buster in our chat room over at live.vog network.com talking about Jason saying he
should be any S Jason with a purple jumpsuit and a blue mask that, okay, that was a frightening
ass Jason.
That game.
Okay.
Look, I know that game gets a lot of shit.
I know that game gets a lot of shit.
I don't like that game fucking terrified me when I was a kid, it was kind of glitchy and
like kind of impossible to win.
But like when you are going in that house and it's the quote unquote first person mode
in the NES and you turn a corner and Jason is there.
You shit your pants.
Yes.
It is.
That's what it sounds like.
Yeah.
Or when you encounter him on the road, like, fuck, you know, I was looking at a bird one
minute and then like, I didn't even cool man, Jason.
I agree.
I'm in agreeance with you, Rob.
So it was scary.
It was very scary.
Yes.
Nothing in Mortal Kombat X would be scarier than purple jumpsuit.
Jason.
Right.
Just jumping out of the forest.
Right.
And you shitting your pants.
Probably.
Probably.
Hey, Japanese release dates coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 4 on March 19th.
Final Fantasy Type 0 HD gets its release in Japan as well.
Biohazard Revelations 2, that's what they call Resident Evil over there.
As well as Battlefield Hardline all on the PlayStation 4 this week in Japan.
On the Xbox 360, Battlefield Hardline there as well and Biohazard Revelations Final Fantasy
Type 0 HD and Azito Cross Tatsunoko Legends comes out over there.
I did not know that was even something they were making, so that's pretty cool.
On the PlayStation 3, Battlefield Hardline and Biohazard Revelations 2.
And on the Wii U this week in Japan, I think we finally have some releases over there.
We have Mario versus Donkey Kong, Mina de Mini Land comes out in Japan.
I imagine that's...
They have the Mario versus Donkey Kong, it's like the puzzle series.
I imagine that's like an entry in that on the Wii U.
And that's the big release on the Wii U this week in Japan.
And lastly, looking at the handhelds here, we've got on the PlayStation Vita this week,
Norn 9, Norn plus Nonet Last Era, Phantasy Star Online 2 Episode 3 Deluxe Package, pardon
me while I fume that Phantasy Star Online Episode 2 is still not out over here.
Phantasy...
Excuse me, Phantasy Star Online 2 is still not out over here.
That was you shitting your pants.
Very upset.
Minecraft PlayStation Vita comes out in Japan, and Iro Toridori no Sekai Worlds End Rebirth
comes out on the Vita this week as well.
Lastly, checking the 3DS, the 3DS this week gets Devil Summoner Soul Hackers, gets a price
reduction going into the best collection from Atlus, Mario versus Donkey Kong, Mina de Mini
Land.
I think that's the game with the cross-buy on Nintendo, I think that's what Japan's getting
this week, because it's on 3DS and it's on the Wii U.
Prepara and Pretty Rhythm, Prepara de Sukairu Oshare Item 1450.
I don't know what Item 1450 is, but my god is this game pink.
I kind of want it.
You should get it.
It looks like a rhythm game.
It kind of looks like a rhythm game, like a Leap Eat Agents, but all the little icons
are hearts, and she sparkles, and like a Leap Eat Agents, there's like a dude in a little
beret, like he's dancing, like, hey, I'm dancing.
So you're totally getting it.
I totally want this, actually, Prepara and Pretty Rhythm.
Akuma JP, is this something I want?
I have to ask our Japanese correspondent, because he's actually, he would know.
Hai, sou desu ne.
Thank you, Akuma.
Moving on, that was it for releases, but I do want to talk about the UK, I know Dark
Sakura's not here tonight, but she will usually talk about what is coming out in the UK, and
for March the 19th, Worlds of Magic on the Mac and the PC, and on the 20th of March,
Battlefield Hardline on everything, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One PC, Blade Storm Nightmare,
Final Fantasy Type 0 HD, Mario Party 10, and Mario vs. Donkey Kong Tipping Stars, which
is that same game as the Japanese one I was talking about, and Akuma JP has answered my
question as to is this game worth my time, and he says no.
Whatever.
You can't listen anymore.
You do know I love Hatsune Miku, right?
And I like some real bad games, I'm just saying.
I think you should just...
I did just sit here and talk about how much I love Friday the 13th.
Did you not even pick up that Sanrio game that was on the 3DS?
I wanted to.
I kind of want that more than I want Project Steam right now, but...
What game is this?
Is it the racing game?
The Sanrio racing game.
Oh my god, it looks so bad.
It looks like an eight year old programmed it.
It looks so bad.
So that means he wants it.
Exactly.
I get it.
I should.
So I can play it.
Exactly.
Aha!
Alright, let's do one more story here and then we'll get to the classic game of the
week.
So, unfortunately, one of the first games that Kenji Inafune had mentioned that they
were working on with his new studio, after he left Konami, Capcom, was Kao King of Pirates.
That title has been cancelled.
So apparently Marvelous had announced that they are scrapping that title.
That's unfortunate.
Yes.
Especially for all the fans of him.
That's too bad.
It looks pretty cool.
Well, you'll never get to play it.
Until ten years from now somebody finds it in a vault somewhere and releases it on the
internet.
Yeah.
Oh well.
There's always that to look forward to, right?
Alright, well let's travel down memory lane and talk about a time that was a little simpler
in gaming.
The classic game of the week.
Back when games came out, even if they were horrible and they weren't scrapped, whatever,
no actually a lot of games were scrapped back in the day, but this game wasn't scrapped
and it was great and I'm taking over tonight because usually Dark Sakura would step into
the vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this game this
week.
But since she isn't here, I'm stealing her segment, wahaha, with a game that I remember
And now I'm really regretting this because Irene is going to taunt me endlessly for this
pick.
Yay!
Although, I honestly don't think you know this game whatsoever, but this game was rad.
God.
Alright, this game was rad.
I love this game.
I played a lot of it when I was growing up.
It is a PC game I've picked tonight.
It is a Sierra game that I've picked.
You're making a face there.
The classic game of the week this week is...
Jones in the Fastlane.
Oh, God.
Have you ever played Jones in the Fastlane?
No, I don't play crap.
You don't even know what this game is.
This game is amazing.
Exactly.
Shut up.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Alright.
You don't know me.
Are we going to get dysentery?
You might, from this game.
Okay, here it is.
Jones in the Fastlane was a game that was created by Sierra in 1990 and it was kind
of like a board game-ish type of game.
Is it because the people who played it were really bored?
No, like a Monopoly type of board game.
This game also was notable because there was a floppy disk version that would allow people
to have the little speech bubbles when they talked to me.
What's a floppy disk?
It's... you stick it in.
It's a little disk and you stick it in and it's full of data.
So like, you know when you save in Word or something and there's that little symbol that
nobody knows what it is.
Nobody knows what that is.
That's totally a floppy disk.
What?
Right.
You mean that same thing?
How the fuck do you not know what a floppy disk is?
You're older than me.
Not to like put you on blast or something.
She's only interested in hard drives.
Yeah.
Hard drives.
I see what you did there.
Alright, look.
Can I talk about Jones in the Fastlane, please?
Not only was it a game that you could get on floppy disk, but it was on CD-ROM.
And if you got it on CD, it was completely voice acted.
All the little employees of the little places you would go on the board, such as Monolith
Burger and Socket City, would actually talk to you.
Oh, this does not sound good at all.
No, this game was amazing.
Was it?
Stop making fun of this game with, you know, Monolith Burger and Z-Mart and QT clothing.
Oh god, it's hurting so bad.
So what you did is you moved your little marble because that's what represented you
like a real board game.
You would move it around the board and as you went to these different places on the
board, you were a marble.
Yeah, you were represented by a marble, but you actually had a little dude on the screen
or doodad if you wanted to play, would walk like as the marbles going, the little dude
would walk.
It was on CD-ROM and it had voice acting and you were represented by a marble.
Because that was supposed to give it the board game feel also because we didn't want
to animate anything, but what board game has a fucking marble?
Your pieces will just roll off the game.
Mouse trap doesn't have a packman board game.
It's like a hundred marbles, but it's not your piece.
What activated the goddamn mouse trap?
It was a fucking marble, Irene.
But did it have one that you moved around?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Okay.
I fucking own the mouse trap.
Rob.
Don't fucking try to school me on my own games.
Okay.
Okay.
That is the least logical piece.
I feel like for a board game.
I'm going to put this on a board.
Thank God my board is completely level.
Oh, wait.
It just rolled off the board.
Oh, there I go down the hill.
Right.
That just would not be my first or second or like ten thousandth choice for a piece.
Anyway, monolith burger or something.
Yeah.
Burger time.
So look, you move around the board with your marble with and you're only limited by whatever
time is left in the week in a turn.
And when you move to a new location, you lose a little bit of time and you do things that
you would do like IRL.
You would work or you would try to get an education or you would just sleep all day.
You can also.
That's what I would do.
I know.
I know that.
So your marble wouldn't go anywhere.
Your marble would be calling the cable company going, I want my HBO.
I can't afford cable.
And then at the end of every turn, you would be going through the oh, what a weekend event
where you would lose money usually or you might gain money depending on what you did
that week.
What if you're sleeping and then how would you lose money?
It's like a monopoly.
You draw a card and you can win ten dollars in a beauty contest, even if you wouldn't
actually.
It's weird because I never left my house.
It's like, did they come into my house and see me on my bed and they're like, man, you're
so beautiful.
Here's ten dollars.
That seems kind of creepy.
Well, you would get little humorous anecdotes that was very common for Sierra at the time.
For example, you went to Las Vegas in a twenty thousand dollar car and then you came back
in a two hundred thousand dollar Greyhound bus.
That's huh.
Get it?
Clever.
You lost the car because you went to.
Yeah.
No, I get it.
I'm on board.
Dude, where's your car?
The object of the game is to be the first player to achieve one hundred percent success.
You reach four goals, wealth, happiness, education and career by having a certain amount of money
in the bank, happiness by getting other goals like acquiring goods and taking time off work,
education by going through all the university things and then career by climbing the career
ladder into management participation or whatever at the job.
So it sounds like the game of life.
It kind of is.
Monopoly and marbles.
It's like it's like life, monopoly and marbles all together without the pink peg and the
blue peg that you put in your car.
That's the only thing.
You have a marble instead.
No deal then.
All right.
Anyway, sometimes you can lose the game as well.
For example, you can get your money stolen by Wild Willy and Wild Willy may actually
rip off Wild Willy may actually rip you off at the low cost housing apartments and might
steal your TV and your VCR.
I'm sorry.
This is horrible.
I stole the TV.
This is no.
But Wild Willy can never get into the security apartments.
So there you go.
The game was notable for having a voice actors that were actually like they were actually
like motion captured and they actually would talk through some of the silly little jokes
in the game and so forth.
But if you were too poor for a CD-ROM drive, which a lot of us were at the time, you could
get the version that was on floppy disk.
Why did you look at me when you said that?
I'm just saying.
Fuck Rob.
Just wanted you to know.
Because you're a poor college student.
Just because someone lives in Section 8 housing doesn't mean they're a criminal.
Okay.
I'm just going to put that out there.
What a terrible game.
All right.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby is saying this is the first classic game of the week where the host bashed a choice
frown.
Hey, first off, those two aren't hosts.
And now you know why.
It just sounds terrible.
And B, you need to play it.
And Bobby is actually going on to say, really sucks that people on the show are bashing
it and calling it horrible.
This game was actually really awesome.
And I actually agree.
It's you never, you weren't even around to play this game.
That's why you never got a chance to get obsessed with it.
Well, yeah, because I was poor growing up.
I had like a cardboard box for a computer.
So don't be mad at the people that can play Jones in the fast lane.
Just because to your description of the game, Rob, that's the only experience I have.
And it sounds preposterous.
It's not preposterous.
Do you want a handful of ketchup packets with that?
I read off the screen just now.
You lost me at marble is what I'm saying.
But do you not see the little animated characters that walk on the screen as well?
I do, but I also see the marble very clearly and it's kind of just clouding.
The marble's just distracting.
You are really bothered by that damn marble, aren't you?
I'm so fucking bothered by it.
You've lost your marbles.
You have a degree in junior college.
That's going to do a lot for you.
The junior college.
Oh, this was like in the what, 90s or something or late 80s?
Anyway, 1990 is when this game came out.
Yeah, so that would have actually had some value.
And he didn't get the job because he didn't have enough education.
Dumbass.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Jones and the fast lane, which don't listen to these three.
This game is actually a lot of fun.
It's on YouTube, but you can also check out.
Apparently they did like a flash remake of it.
Not that long ago in 2006, I guess it was a little while ago.
They actually ported this like a version of it over to flash.
So you can check this out.
Although I don't believe that is something that is officially endorsed, but you can draw
your own conclusions by looking it up on like YouTube or I'm just checking out, you know,
it makes this game better.
Hmm.
It had amiibo support.
No, no amiibo support in this game.
And there you go.
That's why I just can't play it then.
All right.
Sorry to hear that.
I also probably can't play because my computer is probably way too fast for that now.
And you know, I want me to say, you know, those old games, you try to play them now.
It's just like, sorry, your computer's too good to play this.
I'm not, I don't think this particular game is available on like good old games, but one
of those ones that was archive, didn't they have like that big internet game archive thing
that, uh, oh, good question.
Uh, I w there were other Sierra games from that timeframe on it, so I don't see why Jones
wouldn't be on there.
We'll check it out there.
Lobby desk version, not the CD version, cause that would be too much space.
All right.
Not that much space nowadays on the internet.
So all right.
Well stay tuned guys.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We have some rapid fire news, the Fuqua question of the week and some more news mailbag a few
of the weeks.
And yes, a chance for you to call in when we come back after this with more of orange
lounge radio live the Boise geeks network.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this March the 15th of 2015 with episode
number 590 of our show in progress.
Uh, Loki here with me tonight, not here tonight, dark Sakura.
Um, but here joining us in studio, um, Irene and mystique who have for the first time in
our 590 a year history, uh, ruined the classic game of the week segment here on orange lounge
radio.
You're gonna have to get used to it.
That's all right.
Actually, we were talking off air a little bit about like, you know, I was kinda like,
now, now seriously now this is why people love this game with the whole like Sierra
era and all that.
But you were mentioning you play King's quest.
So you know that era a little bit.
I do.
I do.
Yeah.
I mean, who hates King quest King's quest for now I might let you get away with that
sass with Jones and the fast lane, but if this was King's quest for I talked about tonight,
I would not be having that sass.
There was one that I remember where like you start off in the town and blah, blah, blah.
And then there was this pier that you could walk to see that you could go on the ship
and then sail to another Island or something.
And then there was like this one part where this kid like tempts you to take a swim.
I'm almost positive.
I think it is five.
And then like you just jump in and you die and it's like, I'm pretty sure it's five.
Like I was so mad.
I was a lot of King's quest games though, but I just, I guess that was my first experience
and I was just so mad.
I was like, I was not expecting that cause it was just stupid.
There was a certain level of dark humor in a lot of those old Sierra games.
You know, it just, I didn't know what triggered it or anything.
It was just, I came out of the boat and he's like, Oh, it looks like a really nice day
for a swim.
I think I'm going to go commit suicide now.
You don't notice the little shark fan in the background.
Anyway.
No, no, I guess I'm stupid.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, I know you, you gals can't stay a whole lot longer, but I do want to make
sure Irene, you have a chance to plug cause you do your own podcast.
I want to make sure you have a chance to plug it.
Um, I just saw Piper not that long ago and I know he's on the show as well.
So tell us about, uh, multi-tap.
Oh, okay.
So it's like a video game podcast.
It's kind of retro, but kind of not.
Let me just kind of talk about whatever we want cause we're like that.
Um, so it's at ffop.net, which is short for fistful of potions.
You could also do fistfulofpotions.net, I guess.
I don't know.
Um, so come and listen to us cause we're cool and fun and interesting.
Now, now when do I get to come on your show and sass all the games that you like?
When the fuck ever you want.
Awesome.
I can't wait.
You won't because all of our games are perfect and beautiful.
Unless you're having the Super Metroid special when I'm there, I'll find something.
We might.
We love Super Metroid in the house.
I'd be okay with that.
I'd be okay with that.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, tonight, uh, we do not actually have a forum followup segment tonight since
we had last week's show off.
We're going to table that to next week, but don't forget that you can participate in our
forums over at vog network.com slash forums, and we will definitely post some followup
topics for us to expand the conversation on.
I'm really anticipating we're going to talk a little more on the forums about this whole
Konami and programmed world thing because, uh, just the fact that even I admitted there
really is not an easy answer to this.
I can really truly see like both sides of it where it's like on one hand, I understand
how, you know, Konami wants to protect, you know, some of the revenue that they get in
Japan and these other agreements, but at the same time, gamers desperate to play these
games that get their only option really cut off.
So I want to talk and dive deeper into that.
So we'll do that on the forums and we'll talk about some of that follow up next week.
Uh, but for now we have some rapid fire news.
So some quick news stories starting with Loki.
All right.
Um, so let's start off with, I'm pretty excited about this.
Goat Simulator is coming to Xbox one and Xbox 360 cause it runs like shit on my PC.
So I'm, I'm down with that and that's going to be sometime in April and they're promising
it'll be just as buggy as it is on PC.
Will it have all the extra stuff that they put in like the MMO?
I think it will, yeah.
Oh God, that's great.
So I will definitely be picking that up.
I think you would like, uh, Goat Simulator, Irene, it's a stupid, stupid game.
Yeah.
You like stupid stuff.
I do.
That's why I'm friends with you.
You fucking set that up Rob, that was your own fault.
I don't think you're stupid.
You're cool Rob.
And in fan service game news, uh, Oni Chambara Z2 is going to be headed, um, to North America
this summer.
Um, Europe, it's going to be out in the fall and if you're not familiar with Oni Chambara,
it's basically some chick wearing a really skimpy lingerie and a cowboy hat fighting
monsters with a samurai sword.
All right.
I'm in.
How's that different from Oni Chambara?
No, I know Oni Chambara.
They even have DLC outfits that include like one that's two strawberries and a banana.
That is all that's covering them up.
Two strawberries and banana.
Alrighty.
Um, and then on the 3DS, uh, Senren Kagura 2 is coming, um, this summer to the 3DS and
they're also having some special editions coming out with that as well.
Uh, the Double D and Happy Boobs edition will be coming out.
So it's about me?
It's about, yeah, it's about, uh, chicks that fight each other in their clothes.
All you single fellas, um, they're talking about me.
I don't know what you're talking about because I'm gay and I play this game, so it sounds
like fun.
All right.
But I'm also for equal opportunity, so I believe we should have men and the clothes fly off
as well.
I agree.
I'm all for that.
I would play that game.
That would be, um, uh, Akiba, Akibahara, um, or Akiba's Trip.
That's what it was.
Sexual Close Tossing Part 3.
I don't know.
Akiba's Trip.
That would be the one you'd want to play.
That's what it translates to.
Anyways.
Um, and then of course they have, uh, Chroma Squad that's going to be coming out April
30th.
This was the Kickstarter game that was kind of like a, uh, Super Sentai sim, if you will.
Um, and that's going to be coming out on PC, Mac, and Linux April 30th, so, um, Shane will
be happy about that.
I'm sure he will.
Um, talking about 3DS, uh, and the SpotPass.
There is a SpotPass exploit.
This actually pisses me off, kinda, because, and I know the old saying hackers gonna hack
and I get it.
And I also know it wasn't even a hack, it's just a glitch.
I know.
Well, it still sucks.
And I know this sucks for, uh, you know, people who might live in areas where they hardly ever
street pass with people, but look, one of my crowning achievements of PAX East is that
I finished all those fucking puzzles, finally, 1,502 pieces, mine.
I have every puzzle finished, including the one that those jerks at Nintendo dropped on
us Sunday morning, the day of the show, the new Monster Hunter puzzle, finished them all.
And now to hear that, oh, thanks to this exploit, people will just be able to do that.
Well, alright, alright, here's the deal.
Uh, you use your special Mii character, like, uh, the Abraham Lincoln Mii that's sent to
promote codename Steam in all the StreetPass minigames you own.
You turn off StreetPass and SpotPass, delete the Mii, close Mii Plaza, open it again and
reactivate, and the Mii character will come right back.
So you basically tricked the system into thinking you never got the character in the first place
by deleting all traces of it.
And, uh, there's, uh, more information on the glitch if you wanna see it on YouTube,
and I realize you might be thinking, well, then why are you sharing it here, Rob, on
how to do it if it makes you mad?
Because it's not like y'all don't know how to use Google, you'd find it anyway, but that's
essentially how you do it.
But, uh, you know what?
My achievement is better than yours if you do this to get all your puzzle pieces.
My achievement's better than yours.
Uh, nuh-huh.
How many puzzle pieces do you have?
Well, I'm gonna get them all now.
Yeah, thank you, Rob.
Ditto.
Cheating cheaters.
Alright.
Anyhow, well, you know what?
My 3DS has a dead battery right now, so you won't be getting any from me.
Did you even bring your 3DS?
No.
Mine played that for, like, five months.
Jeez.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Aw, you played longer than me.
I think this is really cool.
Um, this is an innovation in the arcade and, uh, in the arcade industry, and it has to
do with, uh, more, um, I guess, I don't wanna say, like, cross-play, but more, like, I guess,
synergy between your phone or smart device and the arcade game itself.
And who knew it's being brought to us from the music game world and an indie in the music
game world that we hear about all the time, Neon FM.
I mean, we were hearing about this game, like, 10 years ago, and it seems like now we've
got this arcade prototype that's going with it.
And the cool thing about Neon FM and what they're showing, and I gotta admit, I really
enjoyed this, was that, um, Unit E Technologies, who's, uh, making this game, they're going
to be linking the arcade version of the game and a smartphone version of the game.
So what you do is, I guess, you, like, you scan a QR code and you can get your avatar
and all your information in the game that it imports from your app.
But this is really cool as well, is that if the smartphone app recognizes that you're
near the machine, I guess, through a Wi-Fi connection or something that it would identify,
you can actually play the songs on your phone that the person is playing on the machine
at the same time.
And then the score that you get on your phone is displayed on the screen.
So like, remember back in the day when Para Para Paradise was the, Paradise, Para Para
Paradise was the big game that everybody was playing.
And like, what would happen?
One person would be dancing on the machine and everybody else behind them doing the same
thing.
Now it's kind of like that, but with your smartphone, you're playing the game and then
all the scores display on the screen.
So I think that's kind of, kind of neat, kind of a different way to do it.
Yeah.
So something kind of new and, you know, props to these guys for being the ones to bring
it to.
I'm glad they're doing it, but at the same time, I think it also kind of, I mean, not
that it really needs to have them do it, but it kind of promotes that, oh, let's put
more smartphone games in the arcade, like, you know, the fucking Fruit Ninja and Doodle
Jump and that nonsense.
Now it's like, have it at the same time.
It's really exciting to kind of hear about all these initiatives to kind of bring the
arcade back.
You know, despite however you feel about the Konami situation, the deal is that you have
this company, Round One, that's trying to bring that arcade thing back, you know, to
all these different places around the country, and that's cool.
And then you have this, where you talk about, like, this is a new innovation to try and
energize, you know, participation at the arcade.
And I think these are ideas that are going to push things forward as opposed to falling
further down this hole of ticket redemption games and nothing but, you know, Las Vegas
for children, apparently.
Anyway, Bonds006 in the chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com saying, Neon FM is the shit.
You get the QR code, QR code, excuse me, and when you make an account, you can track your
progress.
Neon FM is a damn great game, too bad Konami tried to kill it.
And Dark Tetsuya saying, I thought this was a great idea.
So some people are really liking that idea, I'd like to play this someday, we'll see.
Also, this week, a game called Roundabout, which is available on Xbox One, Steam, and
the Humble Store, the ESRB changed Roundabout's rating.
Roundabout is no longer T for teen, it is now M for mature, and this is due to the volume
of blood in the game.
Roundabout having more blood than Dark Souls 2, but not as much as Bloodborne, and also
less bloody than Manhunt 2.
This is all, by the way, these comparisons being made by the developer in a statement
on their website, roundaboutgame.tumblr.com.
I'm sorry, can you scroll back up, I need to see their banner or whatever.
I don't know if this is like cosplays, but it's a Tumblr page, I don't know.
No, it's actually in the game.
Is it?
I haven't played this game.
The whole premise of the game is that you're driving the world's first revolving limo.
So the limo spins, and it runs over things.
But it's kind of like a, like almost a public game, but the whole thing has full motion
video cinematics in it that are really cheesy, like from the 70s and stuff like that.
I need to see this, I'm gonna check this one out.
Now you have really piqued my interest.
I know, right?
When I hear this news about a game, like it was too violent, I'm like, ooh, maybe I should
be playing it.
I don't know.
Yeah, like, okay, here's the premise right here.
Okay, so it's, it's, you know, roundabout is a 70s B-movie game where you drive a constantly
revolving limousine, pick up passengers, find secret collectibles, take on dangerous missions,
fall in love in an open world puzzle adventure.
Sounds right up my alley.
That sounds like it's calling my name.
Yeah.
It's the company that made that game Gun Stringer.
Remember that one?
The one that was a Kinect game?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, as if violence wasn't enough, the game was also slapped with a use of drugs descriptor
because there are apparently some jokes in the game where one of the characters eats
candy dots in order to make a skeleton appear and the candy dot supplier turns out that
he's not a narc.
And then there's another scene later on where one character describes another as really
strung out.
This sounds very incongruous with the rest of the description of the video game, so what
the hell, guys?
So not only is there blood, there's a little bit of drugs, too.
Little bit of drugs.
Just a little bit.
Yeah, just a smattering.
Just enough to get a warning label.
Not safe for kids.
Right.
Right.
Because the blood wasn't a big-
They have a dedicated esports speedrun mode.
They claim it's roundabout as the only official esport endorsed by a talking skeleton.
Wow.
That's a distinction right there.
So we're going to get to the Fugu question of the week here, but I believe you gals are
on your way out.
We've got to head out.
I know you've got to get your tickets now for when the Marvel show returns to town.
Right.
Definitely.
Now would you go see DC Universe live?
No.
And I can say that because I'm a big DC fan.
They just mess it up.
They just mess it up.
They just fuck everything up basically.
I'd go for free.
You'd go for free.
I wouldn't even go for free.
Maybe if you won the tickets on the radio.
Right.
Not me.
I certainly wouldn't sit as close as I did.
What if there was violence and the use of drugs?
Well then yes.
Absolutely.
Wouldn't there be?
Maybe.
No.
All right.
I always ask our guests at the end of every episode your final thought for the night.
So I will extend the same courtesy to you ladies.
Thank you for being here tonight even if you decided to hate on my classic game.
Mystique, your final thought for the night?
I am waiting for Batman Arkham Knight.
I think we all are.
I won it really bad and they just said it went to M rating and I'm like awesome.
It was always going to be M rating.
Oh.
Awesome.
Yeah I knew that.
Awesome.
And you know maybe it's because of violence and the use of drugs maybe.
I hope so.
I really do.
Yes.
I want to be the goddamn Batman.
Don't we all.
Don't we all.
Irene.
Princess Irene.
Your final thought tonight?
I am rated M for violence and use of drugs.
There you go.
There you go.
Alright.
Alright well have a safe journey home you guys while we hold down the fort here and
finish the show.
Thanks.
Good luck with Multitap Podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And I'll see you guys soon.
Yes.
Alright.
Hopefully that event I was talking about before that we're going to be broadcasting
live at you guys will stop by.
I'll be there.
Remind me.
Alright.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Bye.
Okie dokie.
Bye.
Some of our folks in the chat room agreeing with Mystique's assessment about DC.
Brad from Pod Culture saying DC has fucked things up for the past few years now.
And Dungeon Buster saying I can't wait for Arkham Knight either.
But I'm sure Ben Affleck will do a fine job playing Batman.
I don't know.
I don't know what to think about all that.
Maybe Matt Damon could be the Joker in that universe.
No now they have, what's his name, Jared Leto is playing the Joker.
Okay Matt Damon could play someone else.
Maybe Man Bat.
Robin.
He would be Robin of course.
Oh my god that would be perfect.
There would be that gay subtext.
That would be perfect.
That there was a 60's show.
That would be hilarious.
Oh they need to do that.
Alright.
We're going to move on to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities and we read some
of our favorite answers here on the show.
And this week we wanted to ask our communities, you know, something that happened the week
we were out was that the Playstation 2 celebrated a birthday.
It is now 15 years old if you can believe it.
So we asked our listeners how important was the Playstation to you as a gamer or did you
skip the console?
What was the most memorable Playstation 2 game in your opinion?
So we're going to get to some of those answers here.
Let's start over on Google Plus because Facebook is irritating me right now.
So act deaf starting us off on Google Plus saying the PS2 is probably next to the Super
Nintendo.
It's one of the best consoles of all time.
It was a really great system and had a huge library of games.
Really good ones too.
A lot of new series started on the system and old ones were brought back to life too.
Which also makes it hard to just pick one game out of the bunch.
But if I have to pick just one, the most memorable of them all would be Katamari Damacy.
The simplest of games, the weirdest of games, one of the most unique experiences out there.
Our pal Critical Myth from the Critical Myth show, Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays, 4 o'clock
Pacific 7 Eastern here on VOG, says the Playstation 2 was my first console after the 2600.
Not kidding, before that I played in the arcade, Commodore 64, PC games during high school
or college.
It wasn't until late in the PS2 era that we got one, the Slim Bundle, and have been console
gamers since.
As for the most memorable game, hard to pin down but I'll go with Final Fantasy XII because
it was the last game for the console that I dropped over 100 hours into.
Retertainment says for me the Playstation 2 was the video game console I bought with
money that I earned from my first job as an adult.
I'm not sure, or I'm sure I'm not alone in saying that the Playstation 2 not only served
as a video game but also as my first DVD player and for a long time my only DVD player.
As far as the most memorable game, Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
And Josh Wye replied and said PS2 compared to its predecessor didn't have a wide range
of game types.
A lot of the games got quite derivative and tired after a while.
My most memorable PS2 game was probably EverQuest Online Adventures.
Nothing beated the feeling of seeing the sunrise over Freeport for the first time after making
the perilous journey from the west of Tunaria.
So a lot of answers there over on Google Plus.
Let's check out our Facebook answers, except again this page not cooperating with me here
on Facebook.
Facebook does not want me to read your answers, okay here we go finally got all your comments
to load.
Bread the Hayes says the Playstation 2 was important to me at the time when I first got
it.
I think I was trying to get over a break up at the time and playing Castlevania Lament
of Innocence for dozens of hours was helpful.
Fabrice A says never bought any Playstation because I was into Sega.
To this day I still refuse to buy any Playstation because of their advertisement campaign against
Dreamcast.
Still it would be stupid to deny that Playstation 2 didn't have amazing games and Sony having
a huge influence on the gaming world.
You know something else to consider Fabrice, Sega puts out games on Playstation now occasionally
so I think those rifts from back in the day have passed a little bit.
It might be time to let it go.
The snow never bothered you anyway.
Elliot B says I was a die hard GameCube supporter at the start of the generation but eventually
gave in and bought a PS2 and I'm glad since otherwise I wouldn't have been able to play
its wonderful selection of rhythm action games.
Fifth Dream says I never had much money so I didn't get a PS2 until late in the cycle
when a friend sold his to me really cheap.
I immediately played the Final Fantasy games from 7 to 10 too all in a row.
This was huge for me because I loved Final Fantasy and had missed out on the Playstation
1's to that point.
I also loved Katamari Damacy and the .hack and GU trilogy on the system.
That's a good point.
Remember how the Playstation 2 would play Playstation 1 games?
It was just totally backwards compatible.
Remember when our systems were totally backwards compatible?
Now only Nintendo does that.
Sorta.
Still the old old games but at least hey the Wii games work on the Wii U.
We don't have that anywhere else.
Anyway let's see.
Tiger Caw says I still have an original launch PS2 which still works 100%.
The Bouncer was a pretty memorable game because it was one of the launch titles.
It was a game that pushed the PS2's hardware with the graphics.
It was a fighting game but also cinematics.
Enter the Matrix was another game I enjoyed playing.
It was the game that was official canon to the Matrix movies.
I remember when that came out, Loki and I lived together and you were huge into that
game.
I had it in GameCube.
Yeah.
And it was on all the platforms really.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Let's not forget that the PS2 was the first console to bring online multiplayer online
via an add-on ethernet adapter.
You have to own the PS2 a lot for bringing online multiplayer to consoles for the first
time.
I usually think Xbox got a little more credit with that just because of Xbox Live.
But to be fair, didn't the Dreamcast have Phantasy Star Online?
And I think we might have had a little bit of it.
But not to discredit Tiger Cost Point because definitely the PS2 started moving that forward
and you had a lot more of it than you really did in other places at the time on the PS2.
Andy R. says, it was pretty big for me.
PlayStation 1 was the first home console I owned.
By PlayStation 2, I was middle or high school so it was the first system I spent my own
money on to get games.
Favorite PlayStation 2 game is probably Valkyrie Profile 2.
SSJ100Matt says the PS2 was my entry point into the PlayStation since I skipped the PS1
in favor of the N64.
I was blown away with the games and the ability to play PS1 games that I couldn't play up
till then.
My most memorable games were SSX3 and Final Fantasy X.
I logged for probably over 100 hours in both games and I still play SSX3 on occasion.
Burr replied and said I hated PS2 because I was a Dreamcast fanboy.
I think it's a shame so many overlooked the Dreamcast because they were busy waiting on
Sony's false hype.
That infamous Final Fantasy VII demo took the cake.
I'm over it now but it was difficult to stomach at the time.
Degenerate Johnny says, all hail Kingdom Hearts.
Regretted skipping PlayStation 1, PlayStation 2 surpassed all.
Mike C. replied and said I bought the PlayStation 2 because it came with a built-in DVD player.
I think a lot of people did that.
One of our people on Google Plus kind of made that point that a lot of people were buying
the PlayStation 2 because it was a DVD player and that really is probably what passed it
despite all the negativity with Sega and so forth.
That is what really pushed the PlayStation 2 ahead of the competition.
Mike C. continued on saying the one game for PlayStation 2 that blew my mind was Grand
Theft Auto 3.
It was the first open world game that I ever played.
I could go wherever I want, kill whoever I want, steal any car I want.
It was dope.
Cial replied and said I didn't get a PS2 until the system's price dropped below 50 bucks.
So it was a partial pass on the system.
Just a few more here.
I love this diversity of answers.
That's why I'm reading so many here.
Hitstun says the PlayStation 2 got me into online gaming.
I spent hundreds of hours in Tony Hawk Pro Skater 4 making new levels in the Create-A-Park
tool and playing them online with my new friends.
And Misty says I got a PlayStation 2 about the same time DDR's American Home releases
came out and that's what convinced me to get the system at all.
While the .hack series of games did a much better job than average of grabbing and holding
my attention, if not for DDR, I likely would have never purchased the system at all.
I never had the original system and haven't had a PlayStation console since.
Most memorable game, the .hack series, because I'm still of the opinion that DDR isn't quite
as pure when it isn't played on an arcade machine.
And last but not least, Dark Tetsuya says while I don't still have the first PS2 I ever
had originally, my current one is still working like a charm.
I do still fire up mine on occasion for a round of BeatMania 2DX.
Sickstyle is probably my all-time favorite, so my system gets some use still 15 years
later.
There, whew, that was a lot of answers, but so diverse I had to read them all.
Quickly, PlayStation 2 memories, Loki?
Um, I guess, granted, if I was San Andreas, I can't, no, there's a lot of really good
games that I played on PS2, I mean, the first game I had was Armored Core, so, it was like
Armored Core 4, I think, I don't remember which one it was that they launched it with.
I don't know, I mean, I think that was it.
It was Driver, no, Driver 3 was on PlayStation 2, yes it was, and Katamari, of course.
I think some quick ones I would name, since it's the Final Fantasy game no one else named,
Final Fantasy XI, for sucking me into MMOs, I mean, granted, yeah, but, you know, it was
really cool to see it on the PlayStation as well, and you know, it was kind of a trip,
seeing that interconnectivity there, and you know, I'm just such an MMO fan, I have to
give that a shoutout.
But otherwise, I would also say, you know, I bought a Japanese PlayStation 2 just so
I could play Beat Mania 2DX, so I'm kind of with Dark Tetsuya on that one.
I would also say, though, for serious reasons, Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy X, both phenomenal
games, and for lolsy inside joke reasons, Magic Pen Gel.
I love Magic Pen Gel.
Right?
Right?
That's a game they should bring back.
Right?
Alright, let's get to some more news.
We'll try to run through this so we have some time to get to your calls as well.
Loki.
Okay, this is really disappointing, but apparently Sony is now getting rid of PlayStation Mobile
altogether.
Now, originally it was that they were dropping support on Android for it, which I could live
with, you know, but now they're actually going to be ending the program on, not only Android,
but on the Vita.
And here's the best part about it.
Apparently the content distribution will stop on July 15th, 2015.
After September 10th, you will not be able to re-download your purchases.
So that kind of sucks.
You apparently need to manually authenticate your device for the Vita.
You can do that under, I guess, your PlayStation Network System Activation settings.
And then on PlayStation Mobile, it says you apparently need to open up the app and launch
any purchases after April 10th and before September 10th so that you can still access
them after that time.
Here's the thing that's really annoying about that as well is that's one of the things Unity
had where you can output to PlayStation Mobile and like right now, if I wanted to publish
a game or even publish the game that I'm working on, I could do that and, you know, I just
have to sign up on their website if I could push to PlayStation Mobile.
But now I won't be able to do that.
So that kind of sucks.
Yeah.
And one of the dangers of digital distribution is that, you know, even though a lot of companies
have talked about their exit strategy, such as Steam, you know, says if they ever had
to close down, they have a button they can push that would unlock the DRM on every game
you've bought.
But I mean, would you be able to re-download games again?
No.
And according to this, they're saying no.
Yeah.
Unless you can't.
So that's kind of messed up that they're saying, sorry, you can't do that.
I don't understand why they can't do that.
I don't understand why they're getting rid of it.
Cost too much money for the servers, I guess, to justify the cost.
I don't know.
I mean, that's not much content on there.
I mean, I can't imagine that.
I'm just kind of disappointed.
The fact that it's not easy now to push to PlayStation that way is if they make it easy
enough to push content to PlayStation, because this was something that you didn't have to
like go through PlayStation and work out a deal with them to get it on their service.
It was tucked away in a corner, but ideally I was thinking about this for releasing something
on PlayStation TV, where it's a title that runs on the Vita, but it's on the console
now.
That's an easiest way to get to a console.
But now we have to go about all these roundabout ways to get to publish on there.
So I just hope that they open up something similar.
I know that they're going to have that whole ID at Xbox thing, and eventually those systems
are going to act as dev units.
I hope they do something similar for PlayStation, because that kind of sucks.
Bonds006 in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says, it was doomed to fail.
They could not fight with Google Play and iOS Market.
Okay, I'll give them that.
And they did drop the support on Android, but why not just leave it there for Vita?
Or why not?
There's a crazy idea.
Why not leave it open for Vita and open it up for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4?
I mean, I don't understand why they couldn't do that.
Well, this news is going to disappoint some, but I think others will understand why there
was big news this week.
Uncharted 4, A Thief's End, pushed back to Spring 2016, revealed on the PlayStation blog.
Since we showed you our first gameplay reveal of Uncharted 4, A Thief's End, more of the
game and story have come together, and it's become clear to us that this game is much
more ambitious than we originally envisioned.
After spending so many years with Nathan Drake, he means a lot to the team, and telling the
climatic chapter of his adventures is a task we don't take lightly.
This game deserves every bit of the attention to detail, precise pacing, and nuanced storytelling
Naughty Dog is known for.
So we've made the difficult choice of pushing the game's release date.
All that statement on the PlayStation blog from director Neil Druckmann, which, as you
can imagine, the people that love to see Sony fail were coming out in droves saying, hahaha,
whereas I think there's other people of the mindset that are like, you know, well, if
it takes the system, or I mean, if it takes the game a little longer so that it's not
all buggy and screwed up, then, you know, so be it.
But I think that does leave quite a few people wondering, what's Sony going to do this holiday?
This was supposed to be the tent pole for their holiday.
So now what?
Now what?
What they got?
Did something have to get put on a fast track to make the holiday to make up for this one
getting pushed back?
Are they going to try to rely on third parties?
Who knows?
I don't think they would.
I think they've got to have something.
I've got to have something.
But I mean, to be fair, Sony had, I don't want to say Sony had a weak Christmas last
year because it's not like they didn't say it was a week PS4s, but they did get out sold
by Xbox one over the first party releases is pretty weak.
Yeah.
So it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't as strong as Nintendo's to be honest.
So well, Nintendo, all they have is first party.
So I mean, that's, well, it has to be strong, but Loki, you have to admit what, what Nintendo
put out over the three months was probably stronger than what, you know, Sony had coming
out for their system over the three months, all day period.
I love my PlayStation four and there's a lot of great games for, yeah, it was broken drive
club and a little big planet three.
I mean, it's not hard to compete against that.
So what do you think happens now, Loki?
I think we wait until E3 and find out what game they have coming out and there's still
plenty of things.
And I think it probably is no man's sky.
Oh, you think they're investing everything in that?
I would say, and I think the game that probably could be fast tracked, I would think God of
War is going to be the game that they're going to push to this holiday and make it happen.
That's just my gut.
I have nothing to base that off of.
I just would think that that would be the game that maybe they were looking at for next
year that maybe they could bump up to this year.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Nothing's that easy.
It's just, you know, Oh, let's dial up the graphics.
Maybe it's a sequel to the order 18, 80, whatever, seven.
Maybe it's a sequel.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
All right.
Well, yeah, we'll see at E3.
Knack two.
What?
Knack two.
I don't think so.
I think Knack is more likely to be on PlayStation plus.
It's a free game.
Very soon.
We'll see.
Okay.
Cool.
Um, yeah.
Uh, you know, but here's the thing, even though I am also here saying, boy, I wonder what
they're going to have for the holiday.
Wasn't there supposed to be a new Ratchet and Clank game?
Like, cause they know there's supposed to be the movie too.
There could be that.
Um, but I just want to say, um, if you bought a PlayStation four now in anticipation of
Uncharted and that was the only thing you were going for, then that's kind of on you.
Stop buying systems for games that aren't out yet.
I mean, you can use those games to kind of justify the purchase of the system.
Like, you know, if you already have a few strong games out that you want to buy, but
you know, I think it's very important for these games to take their time in the incubator
and come out right because no one likes a rushed project.
Take Assassin's Creed Unity, for example.
Uh, John from Critical Myth wrote a review over at vognetwork.com this week that was
like, kind of like, let's revisit this game, you know, now that we're six months, you know,
past when it was, maybe not that far, but like four months, five months past when it
was first released and he kind of touches on everything they've changed since then.
And you know, this seems like the game they wanted to release and they never should have
released it over the holiday period.
That maybe was a game that should have been pushed back or else it wouldn't have gotten,
you know, half the crap it did.
Do you want your Uncharted four turning out like Assassin's Creed?
No, I don't think anybody does.
So if they have to take the extra time, then they have to take the extra time.
Um, SSJ100Matt saying, I thought Street Fighter 5 was their big thing for the holidays, but
I see it's coming out quarter one, 2016.
Uh, Dungeon Buster saying Witcher 3 was delayed several times.
I think some people are talking about that in the chat room.
Uh, so there you go.
You know, Witcher 3 is multi-platform, so I...
That's true too.
I don't think that really matters.
Yeah.
All right, Loki, what do you have for us?
Um, so this is kind of cool.
There's a group of modders that are remaking Warcraft 3, I believe in Starcraft 2, because
they did release the assets for World of Warcraft, not World of Warcraft, for Warcraft 3 to allow
people to make stuff in Starcraft 2 using that.
And so now we have Warcraft, the armies of Azeroth.
It looks pretty cool.
I'm just not sure when it's coming out.
Blizzard is surprisingly supportive of these types of projects usually too.
Yeah, probably because they have no interest in doing it, and if it works out, they can...
Well, I remember there were rumors around last BlizzCon of a Warcraft 3 HD remake was
like the big buzz that they were going to announce, but it ended up being Overwatch
instead because there was a whole misdirect with the cancellation of Titan.
But yeah, it's interesting that a Warcraft 3 newer version of sorts is going to happen
anyway.
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
But I think we saw this coming too when Starcraft 2 put the Warcraft assets in it.
So anyway, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails to participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
If you want to participate, email us.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Typically, DarkSakura would dive into the mailbag and read the emails for you, but as
we mentioned before, she's not here this week.
She'll be back next week, but I will fill in in her steed this week.
We just have two quick emails for you guys tonight.
And again, if you want to have DarkSakura read your email next week, you can participate
at orangelaungeradio.com.
First email coming to us from EA Skizie.
I haven't seen this name in a little while, but EA Skizie writes us and says, hey Orange
Lounge, did I hear you say episode 589?
That's crazy.
I just want to email in and say that I think that's amazing.
And I hope you go for 589 more.
Anybody want to start Starbound for the first time with me?
LOL.
Yes.
508.
Oh, and that's EA Skizie from Milwaukee.
Yes.
589 is a long time.
We're actually going to be celebrating our 13th birthday in June.
And so for us to go for, you know, now it's 590 tonight.
For us to go for another 590 episodes, we would have to go for 13 more years.
I would be 50 years old at that point about, I'm only 36 now, but I'm getting there.
So you know, obviously we're very fortunate and lucky that we have your guys' support
as we've had over the years that really motivate us to keep going.
But you know, DarkSakura, Loki, myself, we've really just made this our Sunday night habit.
And you know, we are fortunate enough that through all this hard work, we're able to
say, we're the longest running video game podcast out there.
You know, granted, some may want to take some radio show, the fact that podcasting wasn't
around for 2005, whatever, whatever technicalities you want to get it on.
The point is we've been here since 2002, still doing our thing with you guys.
And I know I don't want to lose that anytime soon.
And I doubt Loki does and I doubt DarkSakura does, because I have fun doing this on Sunday
and you guys, you know, despite all the drama, and I talked about some of it earlier tonight,
despite all the drama, that's just, that's just that, you know, it wouldn't matter if
I never went to a single show ever again or ever did.
The fact that even one person shows up and listens for this is truly, and I know people
say this, but it's truly like just reward enough and getting to hang out with Loki and
Jamie because Lord knows if I'd see them otherwise without busy Loki is and so forth.
So we're going to be here as long as possible.
I mean, nothing lasts forever, but it will take, it's going to take something big, like,
you know, and I think we've talked about this openly on the show a few years ago.
If I haven't talked about this on the show before, then oops, I guess tonight is the
night where I'm spilling all the tea, isn't it?
But we had a scare a couple of years ago that Jamie was going to move to Washington and
she damn near did.
And there was kind of talks that about, well, if you move away, I mean, there was the talk,
oh, we could Skype and so forth, but would it really be the same type of show?
I don't know.
We had talked about, well, if this happens, this is maybe that it's maybe time to still
be able to carry on.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Would it really be the same?
I really think part of what makes this show special is the fact that we're all in the
same room.
Like a lot, a lot of podcasts aren't able to do that, which, you know, I know I do,
I do another podcast.
I do two other podcasts where we're not all in the same room and there are a lot of fun.
I know, but I feel like part of what makes this show special is that we are all here
in the same room.
So if we lost that, I don't know.
I mean, I know we did it for a few months after, you know, your son was born low key,
but that it's something different when there's a time on it.
And the fact that some of us were still here in studio, it's just, you were remote, you
know, I don't know how I'd feel about that being a permanent thing though.
So anyway, just throwing that out there, uh, over at our chat room, over at live.vognetwork.com
SSG100 Matt says, from what I know of Rob, whether it's OLR or not, I can see him podcasting
into his fifties.
Yeah, probably.
Bonds006 says, I started with OLR on the podcast about 2005.
Back in my day, when you had the only mic in an online game, it meant your word was
the law.
Some folks talking about microphones in online games.
All right.
So anyhow, um, and I kind of tend to agree with SSG100 Matt.
I probably will be podcasting well into my fifties.
It might not be about this topic, but, uh, probably be something going on.
It'll probably be about RuPaul's Drag Race, right?
I'll still be doing that, right?
Anyway, uh, moving on.
One more email here from Martin in Belgium, uh, emails us and says, I was interested to
hear Sky and Loki talk about Ingress last episode.
Remember that discussion, Loki?
One thing that did not come up was the fact that Google might be using this game for location
data mining purposes.
Google in the past has been doing all kinds of creepy stuff, such as logging all the wifi
networks and range of their street view cars.
They now use that data to more accurately determine locations.
It is hard to believe that Google is not using this app for something similar, given the
fact that they are pushing it so hard.
They could use this GPS enabled app to get all kinds of location data, including the
most popular landmarks in an area, routes you take to get there, or even personal location
data tied to your Google account, et cetera.
I think the app claims that no data is being sent back, but in the past, companies like
Google and Apple have been known to send back data without alerting the user.
How would you feel about the game if this would be the case?
Would you keep playing it?
Personally, I'm very aware of trying not to give these companies too much of my data.
I always disable location history and things like that on my phone.
This may be tinfoil hat of me, but I don't trust this app.
It just seems fishy.
Keep up the great show.
All the best, Martin from Belgium."
Sure, that thought's crossed my mind that they might be mining the location data, but
there's two things to keep in mind with that.
One, if Google wants to know where I live, they already figured it out.
They could just look at where I log into my Gmail account from.
They could probably find a lot out about my habits from that.
Yeah, I was going to say, they probably don't need a game.
They don't need a game to do it.
Yeah, exactly.
They will just build it into their fucking operating system.
As far as to know what landmarks are visited frequently and so forth, although that's a
good thought as well, and I'm not trying to discredit that, I would challenge this, is
that Ingress, part of the challenge is going to places I wouldn't usually go to.
If they're trying to track what landmarks people go to, it's going to be artificial
because some of these places I would never have gone to if it wasn't for Ingress, which
is both a positive and a negative because the positive is, I also get out of my car,
get up off my butt, and walk through some of these parks.
The other night, Thursday night, the Enlightened, the Green Team had a medium-sized event where
10 people showed up at this predetermined location where we walked around the circumference
of a park for a couple hours and did all the nodes and then farmed gear off of them.
So I wouldn't have gotten that exercise if it wasn't for Ingress.
So that's part of the reason why I'm still into the game.
But as far as like, is Google spying on me and so forth?
What is the real intention of Ingress?
I kind of think even Google doesn't know what the fuck Ingress is, and I think that's part
of what Google does sometimes.
And we have heard of the fact that they're supposed to be using that technology in some
other games that they're making, like there's this whole thing, that guy who got into trouble
with Oprah, what was his name, James Frey, is now writing some novel that is going to
be teaming up with the people who made Ingress for some other type of ARG.
And Google with the Ingress, it allows them to get pictures of things from people on foot
in places that cars can't get into, like parks, like trails.
And that is information about like, where are all these landmarks that people might
want to see?
That is information that they could turn around and market as well.
So I do think there's data in that regard that they can get from Ingress, but I highly
doubt Google's making a lot of money off Ingress, if at all.
They occasionally have their commercial sponsor, but that's really it.
But am I worried that Google's tracking that?
I kind of feel like if they wanted to track it, they'd already be doing it.
They wouldn't need Ingress for me to do it.
I mean, hell, Apple would find my friends in that location thing.
I mean, Apple knows where I'm at all the time.
And it's one of those double-edged swords because it's like, I want that because if
my phone ever gets stolen, excuse me, I want to be able to find it.
I want to know who has my phone and tell the police, go here, it's in this shed.
You know?
So it's a double-edged sword.
Kaijuto in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com says, Google doesn't give a shit where you're
at.
They just want to make that paper.
Raginator says, what are the odds that Google's feeding the government any and all data they
gather from your Ingress use?
See, I just, again, I just feel like you're starting to get a little tinfoil hat.
And I'm not saying you shouldn't question things.
That's fine.
But I also, I'm just, the reality is if the government wants to know where you're at,
they don't need Ingress to do it, and they don't need a lot of other stuff to do it.
They'll find it.
Just kind of what I believe to be the case, but maybe I'm wrong.
Anyhow, I still welcome all your opinions.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com if you wish to send us an email for next week.
In the meantime, this is the point of the show where we get into the FUs of the week.
Why?
Because FU, that's why.
Loki.
I love my kids.
I love my son Josh.
But at the same time, I am fucking pissed off at him for, he's very sensitive, I guess.
And he was super excited to go to the Marvel show and everything.
So you know, I figured, it's only here once this year, so if I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna
do it right.
I'm gonna get some seats so we can actually see everything, we're not gonna be way up
in the bleachers and stuff like that.
And he fucking got scared five minutes in.
And that shit was fucking expensive.
That's like throwing away $200.
And I was just fucking pissed at him and just yelling at him when I really shouldn't be
doing that.
Seriously though, what's up with kids not appreciating what you're doing for them?
Someday he will.
Be sure to tell him about how scared he got when he's 18, he'll really appreciate that.
I will be sure to do that.
Maybe we can save this recording for him when he turns 18.
Sure.
All right.
Uh oh, Alan wants to share a story with us, why don't you grab that yellow mic on the
table over there Alan.
Hi Alan, welcome to the studio.
Hello.
It's not like you live here or anything.
Yeah.
How's Diablo 3 going for you?
What paragon level are you now?
385.
Oh my God.
All right.
When I was five or six, my mom took me to Sesame Street Live where they do the stage
show and Big Bird is there and I was so happy and I got like second or third row seats and
they were having at the end, they were giving like t-shirts and balloons to certain kids.
They were picking people out of the audience to come up and hug Big Bird.
And of course five or six year old's dream is to hug Big Bird.
I know some people that are 35 that would love to hug Big Bird.
I would now because I'm six four, a fucker's tall.
So I'm like, here's a big hug.
I'm not having to hug a midget, a little person, sorry.
And they didn't pick me and they're like, that's it, good night.
I was devastated.
I cried, like threw up, like I was crying that hard for hours after.
My mom was like, if they can't give every single kid a thing, because that was like
a waste of money because I was enjoying it up until the very end and I didn't get picked
to go up on stage and hug Big Bird.
So I cry.
So basically my point is that kids suck.
They're shitty.
Well, I just say like, at least you got to sit there.
I would be fine if like they did the same thing, you know, if that was what happened,
but like, well, you know, listen, they can't possibly get that.
Look how many kids are here.
They can't give something out there.
At least we got to see the show.
But it was like, I didn't get to see shit.
What I saw of the show, I already watched on YouTube.
So I could have saved myself $200 by fucking watching.
You have several people in the chat room that are going, but he's just a kid, Loki.
I understand that.
But there's other kids.
There was a ton of other kids in his age group, OK?
This is a kid.
He is super like sensitive to like loud noises and stuff like that.
And you still love your kid, which is reiterated at the beginning.
I still love him, but like it's frustrating sometimes because I want to take him to do
all these fun things and he gets fucking scared over everything.
And he'll make up stuff to be scared about.
The nephew of the week is to vent.
But I will say this.
You know what's going to happen, Loki, is that, and this happens with a lot of kids,
around age like six or seven, he's just going to transform.
And suddenly it's going to be like, now the kid will be like a little brat.
And you won't be...
He already is!
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't...
I don't get the any of...
There is no upside.
He is a brat and fucking...
Just like daddy.
It's like, there is no upside.
All right.
I like that story.
Thank you.
I'm so glad you could talk about how Big Bird made you throw up here on the show.
Yeah.
Well, he didn't hug me.
If he hugged me, I would have been fine.
But I wailed for hours.
Now I feel like for your birthday, I should put on a Big Bird costume and come out and
give you a hug.
Don't take it there.
No.
So here's what I'll do differently.
Next time, if I were to do something differently, I wouldn't sit as close because I think if
we were sitting up like at the top of the, you know, the lower section or something,
it wouldn't have been so bad.
It's just that they're doing live pyrotechnics in the front.
He's never seen a show with live pyrotechnics and stuff.
And so it's a little bit, you know, frightening for him.
All right.
So at least you have a lesson learned out of this.
I understand that.
But yeah, and also the lesson is I'm not going to waste $200 on fucking tickets too.
They wanted $12 fucking dollars for popcorn.
I bought that popcorn.
I damn well am going to eat every single piece of that popcorn.
It's not gone yet.
But they seriously wanted like $15 for a fucking snow cone.
I mean, come on.
Speaking of stadium events and paying too much money, I want to give an FU this week
to the San Jose Sharks.
You're my team, guys.
You're my team.
You're my hometown team.
You got to break Alan's hockey cherry as well, going to his first Sharks game.
Did you have fun at the Sharks game, Alan?
I did, but I have to give a shout out to those seats we got.
Oh, yeah.
It would have been nice if they had won with those seats, but we were eight rows from rink.
Yeah.
No, that was awesome.
That was my buddy, Neil.
He's been playing in the zone since high school that helped hook us up with that.
So thank you.
Very appreciative about that.
But yeah, FU San Jose Sharks for just choking in the third period.
It was tied 2-2 at the end of the second period.
And then period three started and the Black Hawks were like, you know what, we're tired
of this.
We're just going to win now.
Yep.
Man.
But at the very least, the very least, because before the show, the Kill Time, because he
had a Batman shirt on that I just wasn't going to do.
So we went and bought Marvel shirts and so he got an Avenger shirt and I got a Deadpool
shirt.
So at least I have a Deadpool shirt.
At least you have a Deadpool shirt.
At least I have a Deadpool shirt and some popcorn that I'm going to eat no matter how
stale it gets.
Because I paid $12 for that fucking popcorn.
I am eating every piece of that popcorn.
Tigerclaw in chat says, what if your presence at the game is the reason why the team lost,
Rob?
Just saying.
Yeah, because that's two losses in a row now.
They saying you're a cooler?
You know what?
Don't go there.
I am.
I'm sorry if my radiant beauty and presence just throws the team off their game.
I can't.
I can't.
My friends are already suggesting that I'm the cause of the losses, but I'm telling you
four goals in one period and removing the goalie from the net so they could score on
an empty net.
These were not my decisions, people.
Not my decisions.
Anyhow, just a few more stories for you guys and we're going to open up the Skyline quickly
to get your calls.
I'm a little late here tonight because of the announcements we did live on VoG before
the show tonight, but I do want to at least try to get one or two calls in, especially
people might want to talk about GDC, South by Southwest, PAX, or one of the many things
that have been going on over the past couple weeks.
1-877-GAMO-LR or a username on Skype, Orange Law and Tradeo.
But first, before I get to those calls, a few more stories for you guys.
Loki.
So, Marvelous has just acquired G-mode and with that they've also acquired most of
Data East's intellectual properties, including Magical Drop, Joe and Mac, which, shit, when's
there been, when's the last time we had a Joe and Mac game, SNES?
Let's see, Fighter's History, Caveman Ninja, and BurgerTime, among others.
Yes!
So maybe we'll get another BurgerTime game.
Yes!
That'd be pretty sweet.
What else do they have?
They also have, I guess, Metal Max, I still remember that, and Vapor Trail.
So I wonder if we'll see some more games from that, hopefully, hopefully they do something
with it.
I mean, obviously they would do something with it.
Why would you purchase it?
Why would they buy it if they're not going to do anything with it, right?
Data East, so, uh, does that mean we're going to get a new Bad Dudes game?
Are we going to get a new Bad Dudes game?
Are they a bad enough dude to put out Bad Dudes?
Can we get a new Bad Dudes game, because that'd be pretty sweet.
I don't know, Bad Dudes is kind of one of the games, it actually wasn't very good.
Like I don't know if you ever played Bad Dudes on the NES, it really wasn't good.
I played Bad Dudes all the time, and I could never do a fucking Roundhouse game with it.
Never.
It was... it was too hard.
Alright, uh, this is interesting, something, it's a peripheral for the Oculus Rift, you
know, VR, it's where everything's going.
That looks like a creepy face.
Lots of people talking about the Oculus Rift.
Well that creepy face that Loki is referring to is Feel Real.
It is a Bluetooth add-on for the Oculus Rift that straps over your mouth and nose.
It looks like a creepy face that you'd be making out with.
It looks like a creepy like face that you would make out with or something.
Yeah, it does kind of look like something you would make out with, but uh, anyway, this
battery powered device will produce seven different scents.
Like smelly scents, not like money, but scents.
So it's smell-o-vision with this thing, with unique scents that you can smell.
So this mask will allow you to smell things like the ocean, a waterfall, or fire.
Also I guess this will produce temperature controlled air, mist, and vibrations.
So um, that's uh, that's something every game just gets one step closer to the holodeck,
doesn't it?
But now the holodeck will smell like fire and spray you with water and other temperature
controlled elements.
So you got to admit though, I mean, as much as we're kind of sitting here and making fun
of the way it looks and so forth, it does seem like a logical step.
If you're going to put this thing over your eyes and be immersed in this world with all
your vision, wouldn't it make sense that, you know, the temp, the other feelings besides
just your vision, your other senses are stimulated as well and it makes sense.
That would be cool except, you know, when I'm smelling fire in game and I just don't
realize that my house is burning down because I have a giant VR headset over me.
What if you're playing a very violent game on Oculus Rift and you're smelling blood?
Or people, you know, relieving themselves as you murder them, so.
That might be a bit much actually.
I don't, I think smell-o-vision, everyone tries to do smell-o-vision, I just don't think
it's going to work until you can get it to where you can simulate any smell.
And even then it's just, I think it's just too hard of a sense to do.
We don't understand enough about how it works.
Yeah, usually the smell-o-vision stuff is very limited but, you know, I think about
like some of the Disney stuff where they kind of like, you know, people love Soarin', right?
At Disney World they have Soarin' or Soarin' over California or whatever it's called and
they have it here at California Adventure as well.
Like a lot of people really like that ride because, again, a lot of your senses are being
stimulated because you have the vision, which isn't quite the same as Oculus Rift.
They need a better screen for that nowadays.
They're actually, they're refurbing it right now as we speak, it's down and the screen
is getting an HD refurbishment so, your wish is Disney's command, right?
The magic never ends.
It better be.
So, but then not only that but you have that sensation of flying which simulates your senses
as well and then, yes, even though it's limited, you know, you smell the oranges when you go
over the orange field and you smell the pine trees and you go over the pine field and I
think that's really why people love that ride because it's so many different senses all
being hit at once.
It's a nice air-conditioned building.
Yes, that is true.
That is very true.
No, or hardly ever a line.
Kaijuto is wondering, what if I'm playing The Binding of Isaac?
Well, you know.
Well, you're gonna smell a lot of blood and feces, I guess.
Here's the thing, too.
A lot of game.
He didn't mention what those other smells were, so it's ocean, fire, and vomit and shit.
Yeah, and a nerd expo, but no, here's the thing.
Keep in mind that the goal of the Rift is to not just port all the old games into the
Rift.
That's kind of doing it wrong, I think, in many ways.
Like, you know, we had that 8-bit Zelda experience in the Rift.
Look, Zelda was not designed to be a Rift game, but there are some pretty cool experiences,
you know, on the Rift.
I would love an 8-bit style game that would look like Zelda in the Rift.
Yeah, but it would have to be something that's kind of developed by that.
But I mean, like, for example, Bobby let me check out his Gear VR, which is the thing
that the Note 4 mobile device, you just pop it right in the headset and do it.
You know what I want?
What?
Like, super bad.
Stop interrupting my story.
Oh, sorry.
But I saw this Paul McCartney concert in it, and this Cirque du Soleil thing.
These weren't games, but they were experiences that, like Soarin' Over California, might
be kind of cool with the smell, but I just don't see where you could get that at a consumer
level.
And it would be very limited.
All right, yes, your Tangent Loki.
I want Zelda Maker.
Oh, if Mario Maker does really well, you want Zelda Maker?
I don't even give a shit if Mario Maker does really well.
I want Zelda Maker.
And then Metroid Maker.
Let's do all of those.
You know, if Nintendo was- Or Mario Kart Maker, they'd never do that,
though.
If Nintendo was listening to you on this program right now, Loki, they probably turned it off
about 90 minutes ago.
I'm sorry, they're throwing away money, okay?
You know, I understand that you really want to keep him happy, and that's fine.
He'll make his Mario games later on in Star Fox and all that fun stuff, but I'm sorry.
It's just not gonna- I love the guy, but it's just- I don't see those being successful.
I just don't.
But you know what?
Prove me wrong, please.
I hope that I'm wrong.
I just think it's gonna flop, and it's gonna suck, or it's just nothing's gonna ever happen
with it.
It's more of an experiment, and that's it.
Yeah, Dartitsuya is saying, are you sure you're not gonna dog on Zelda Maker if they do it?
All right, Nsj100Matt says, or Mega Man Maker?
Oh, wait.
Womp, womp, womp.
Well, hey, we could have had that at one time, you know, but that never-
That's the joke.
Well, technically they had that on PSP, but you know.
Back on the Smellovision real quick, Kaijuto is saying, didn't TGIF do smell stuff?
It was whack.
TV Guide.
I remember.
I wasn't alive then, but I remember the DVD release of this, where they kind of brought
it back for a little bit, and I remember reading about it.
Wait, how are you- oh, okay.
In the 70s, Pink Flamingos, the cult John Waters movie that's really explicit, right?
They had a whole smell- no, wait, no, it wasn't Pink Flamingos, it was one of the other John
Waters movies.
Was it Polyester?
One of them had like a Smellovision card, and when the DVD came out, you could actually
get the Smellovision card, came with it, and you could kind of experience it all over again,
and that was like John Waters' thing, was it was- and of course, some of them were like
roses and nice things, and some of them were like poop and offensive things that I would
advise you don't scratch and sniff.
But like, that was kind of a fad in the 70s and 80s.
So anyway, moving on.
Loki, one more story.
So hey, Rob, I hope you're happy we finally got a new F-Zero game.
What?
Why did we wait till the end of the show to talk about this?
Because it's actually, it's an unofficial port of F-Zero to the, what was it, the MegaDrive.
So G-Zero is what it's called now.
Oh, okay.
It doesn't have Mode 7, but it looks nice.
I wonder how that runs.
It's got to look kind of funky on a Genesis.
I heard it sounds good though.
I don't know, they don't have any video of it, but they were saying, you know, this is
cool, doesn't look bad either, colorful, fits the spirit of the original, and it says this
is beyond excellent, just the music alone brings tears to my eyes.
So you know what's kind of cool?
On the subject of this too, I watched a video of someone that had ported Street Fighter
2 Turbo Edition to the Virtual Boy, and it actually looked kind of cool.
So man, Virtual Boy, in some ways that thing was just ahead of its time, right?
I don't know.
I think they should try it again.
All right, well we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username
on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, so call in and lend yours to the conversation,
anything we talked about this week, or maybe something that we missed.
The Skype line is open now.
Meanwhile, Loki, I don't know if you have any last minute stories, I think we touched
on, it was kind of a quiet this week, quiet week this week, because last week was kind
of busy, the week we were gone unfortunately, but we tried to hit on some of the big stuff.
I don't know if you have any other last minute stories, Loki.
I don't think so.
No?
Yeah.
No, that's all right.
It happens.
We actually are getting some calls coming in, so we can get to the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Yes, this is Azur Man.
Hey, what's up?
Azur Man.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Too much.
Two things.
You guys were just basically speaking earlier with the program world and the 2DX issues.
Yes, our special correspondent, YYR, bringing us the info on that.
Yeah, I kind of play on the East Coast at Chinatown Fair, and we kind of had that issue.
We had basically the machine for a pendulum for about a few months, and it was kind of
a big damper when everything was going down, but what I basically wanted to talk about
was that radio shows like this and other communities like Bimani style kind of keeps
people like me who like 2DX playing games like that and keeping ... I'm sorry, I'm trying
to get my thoughts together.
What I'm trying to say is that Konami really knew about this whole issue with the people
in America playing the game, but it seems that you might be right that round one might
want to try to have some sort of monopoly over it and maybe bring it over here, but
it's kind of depressing to kind of find out like you can't play it at all in the store
anymore.
Yeah, and you know what?
You bring a very difficult but logical point up that people have to consider whether they
want to hear it or not, and that is that Konami turned a blind eye to this for a very,
very long time.
I mean, even back when we talked about nothing but DDR, I mean, think about it.
DDR Extreme Machines weren't even supposed to be here in the US, and everybody had them
anyway, so Konami's turned a very blind eye to this for a very long time, and so for it
just now to have the rug pulled out kind of stings a little bit for a lot of people, I
get.
But on the other hand, I can also see why.
I don't want to villainize round one in this either because I could also see it from their
perspective where if round one is like, hey, if we're going to play by the rules, then
everyone else needs to play by the rules.
What I would love to see happen in this scenario, I think, I think, you know, what kind of has
to happen in some ways or else somebody's going to get pissed off is that we really
need to start tearing down these arbitrary region walls.
And we've been bitching about this on the 3DS and PlayStation and so forth about region
locking for the longest time, have we not?
And isn't this whole thing that we're talking about, isn't this just another form of region
locking?
I mean, isn't it time that Konami, I mean, and if the reason, if the real reason they
shut it all down was to launch E-Amusement Global and now great, everybody can have the
latest 2DX and everybody can play by the rules, then I think that is, in my opinion,
a happy ending.
Although some people may not like the fact that they have to do the 30% of the proceeds
and it may make it a little tougher for private owners.
I'm not sure I see a scenario where they can really win, but I think at least all the arcades
that want to run the machines can do that.
Yeah.
I mean, that's one of the issues.
I mean, it's really hard to get people outside of this small community to play, and I say
small because compared to the people who play other games like the Street Fighter community,
the Konami, Bimani's community is rather small.
And it makes it very difficult for them to kind of like come out with a system, like
I'm an arcade and played here.
I had a few friends who had their own arcades and they kind of brought them to big, like
flea markets and stuff to kind of like have people play.
And even though it wasn't, they were losing money on it, it wasn't making any money.
They still tried to keep up with the latest, you know, because the hardware wasn't really
the problem.
Once they bought the cabinet, buying the upgrades every single from overseas was rather cheap.
It was this new network, the EMU's network, where you can't basically play the latest
mixes without being connected to it, really makes it very difficult for them to keep up
with it.
And like, you know, I'm a big fan of all the Bimani music.
It kind of draws in, we even, I don't know if you're familiar with, we had something
over here called Ballmani.
There was actually one of the vendors here in, I think in Massachusetts, Ashley was able
to get Konami to send over Course K. And he also, he was one of the like DJs for a lot
of Bimani music.
He does Hippin' Above, he did, what do you call it again, Rising to the Sky, Rising in
the Sun.
And he was actually, he came here, he played a few of his mixes.
I took a few pictures with him.
He was really cool.
And they were trying to like see how people were, you know, they didn't like two years
of that.
The other year, I think, REU was supposed to come.
And it was really cool because they were trying to like see if, you know, if America would
like it, even though it was a very small group.
But after that, it kind of just fell apart and we didn't see much about that after that.
I think the store closed down and somebody else took over the store.
But you know, out of those 10 years, it was a big part of my like gaming, you know, life.
I mean, it was either that and Final Fantasy XI, you know, back and forth.
So this show wouldn't exist without that community.
It really wouldn't.
So, I mean, it pains us all to kind of see that Konami doesn't really want anything to
do with it.
But at the same time, you know, some of their games were a little half-assed.
Some of them were very half-assed.
That pop and music abhoration that is on the Xbox 360, whatever that thing was called,
Beat and Groovy, that is an insult.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, exactly.
Isn't it?
That's the word.
It is an insult because they even, when they bring it to America, they're catering to like
new players and they're just trying to make sure that it can make their money back.
And it's not, I mean, like the game is great with the, you know, the actual music they
have for it right now.
Changing it and bringing in people who have nothing to do with the genre just makes it
very difficult.
I mean, I didn't even touch DJ Hero just because of that, you know?
Well, but DJ Hero is worth a look.
It is a different game.
But anyway, I understand.
But that's another game that we're not going to get another one of because people, I guess,
didn't get it or whatever.
Anyway, my friend, I'm so sorry.
I got to let you go so we can get some more calls.
But thank you for calling in and sharing your voice with us.
No problem.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Bye-bye.
All right.
We're going to get some more calls here.
I always find it, don't worry if you get a little nervous when you're on air, you forget
what you're going to say.
It happens to me every week.
I always forget what I'm going to say.
And that is not helping with age.
That's going to be the problem when I'm a 50-year-old podcaster is I'll be probably
suffering from even worse memory loss than I do now.
Anyway, we do have another call on the line.
We're going to get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This guy's Judo.
Hey, guys, Judo.
How you doing?
I'm doing good, man.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm very good.
How was theovid when you said that you were doing?
I have a week off.
I was literally in the air when OLR should have been on and it's always a weird feeling,
but nice to be back home.
What's on your mind?
You need to do a show from the air.
That'd be cool.
I don't think many people are doing that.
Oh, do a show from the air?
Yeah, I can.
I'm pretty sure.
You can dab Wi-Fi up in a plane now.
I haven't played a phone in years.
They do, actually.
I was able to chat on Google Chat with Allen from the air, but I don't know if I could
do that.
It's a virtual audio cable, man.
It does wonders.
Let me put it this way.
Anyway, I wanted to tell you about Code Name, what is it?
Code Name Steam.
That's a great game.
You need to pick it up as soon as possible.
Really?
I'm hearing very mixed reviews on Code Name Steam, or excuse me, Project Steam.
What are you enjoying about it?
Just the fact that at first I didn't think I was going to like it because I'm not a fan
of steampunk.
I mean, it pretty much has a lot of elements that I don't like.
I don't like steampunk.
I don't like American folk culture or folk tales or whatever.
I definitely don't like MGM.
I felt like, looking at that game, I felt like it was like if MGM made a game.
I just don't like that style.
I don't like that time period.
Right.
Yeah.
It made me want to puke.
But I got the game anyway, just because I love when a game is being innovative.
I also like the developer of the game, so I said, let me try it.
I turned out liking it.
I like the art style.
I like pretty much everything about it.
I like the fact that you move around the board in a third-person view.
You can't zoom out and look at what's around you, which I think really helps to make the
game feel suspenseful.
You don't know where the aliens are, really.
You got to sneak around corners and look around, and I find that fun.
So it's the fun factor more than anything else for you, even though the story you're
kind of a little bit on.
That's interesting you say that, because I thought the battle system was one of the things
that people were really resonant on.
Yeah.
Well, I like the battle system.
I think I know why people don't like the battle system, and that's just because it's a new
system and it just takes getting used to.
But once you find your groove, once you really get into it, you can do a lot of cool stuff
with the battle system.
I think you can do stuff that the game doesn't even intend for you to do.
Real quickly, I was playing one game.
Right now, I'm not that far in the game.
I'm still at the part where I'm only using two characters.
I'm using John Henry and whoever the heck the main character is.
There was a part where John Henry, he has this grenade launcher gun, and my other teammate,
he was in trouble.
There was an alien next to him.
I didn't have any steam to move, and pretty much if I stayed there, he was going to die.
I didn't intend for this to happen, but I tried to shoot the alien with my grenade launcher,
and I hit the guy and he went flying, which put him in another position away from the
alien, which was a complete accident.
It wasn't something intended to happen in the game.
You know, I gotta say, I'm curious about this game.
I want to check it out, but I'm just like, ah, there's so much going on.
Maybe I'll wait for a sale, if there ever will be one.
Nintendo doesn't do sales very often.
We'll see though.
With a game like that, I think you want to get it as soon as possible, because it may
not be around too long.
It'll still be on the eShop store, but you actually want a physical copy of this game,
because you want to be out there saying, hey, I own a copy of this game when it disappears.
I'm pretty sure it's not going to do that well, just based off of what you've been using.
Kaijuto, I will give you this, if nothing else.
You were absolutely right on Fantasy Life.
I am leaning towards, trust this man, because you were right last time.
Actually, Kaijuto, you're two for two.
I didn't even talk about this at all, but with all the traveling I was doing this week,
I was in need for a mobile phone game, right?
I've been playing the crap out of King of Thieves.
You were right on that.
That game is fun.
I even finally got first place in the wooden cup or whatever it is, so I could get into
the next cup, and I get really pissed off when people raid my dungeons, and yeah, you
were right.
You know what, Kaijuto?
You have a good batting record right now, so maybe.
Yeah, but both of those games, I'm going to hang up in two seconds.
Both of those games, Codename Steam and King of Thieves, they have a great game mechanic
that I hope, even if the games don't last, I hope that type of game mechanic can last
through other games.
I know there's a ton of games that are like King of Thieves, that will compare it to Clash
of Clans and other stuff, but I would love to see something like King of Thieves, a hacking
game where instead of you breaking into people's dungeons, you're hacking people's systems,
and you get in there and stuff.
Whenever I do a run, I feel like I'm doing a hack run when I'm playing that game.
I always try to size up the level like, okay, can I do this, or am I just asking for disaster?
I'm always blown away by what people had to, because you have to beat the level yourself
or you can't have it as your fortress, so anyway.
OLR has a Facebook, right?
It sure does.
Yeah, did you connect your game to the OLR?
Because if you did, you can always send me out to steal your stuff back.
It's on my-
I can connect you on Facebook.
It's on my personal Facebook, because OLR is a group Facebook.
You can switch it out, though.
You can actually use multiple Facebooks.
Oh, okay.
I'll check that out.
All right, my friend.
All right, thank you.
All right, Melinda, let you go, but thanks for the recommendation.
Take care.
All right, Kaijuto, who I must admit has a very good batting record when it comes to
games, with that recommendation there.
We'll try to squeeze in one more quick call.
I know we're going very late.
You okay, Loki?
Still, or-
Yeah, I fixed my problem.
Oh, you've been fixing your game, the coding issues that you were having.
Yeah, it wasn't a coding issue, it was I had a wrong tag on something.
Bug, excuse me.
Bug.
Yes, but I got it fixed, so now I can't jump infinitely.
Although I will add that for Josh's free play mode, because he thought it was hilarious
today, so.
Oh, have you been having the kid testing the game?
Oh yeah, I played it for 20 minutes today.
I get a lot of good feedback from that.
All right, awesome.
If I don't hear him get super frustrated and whine about it, then I know that I'm doing
something right.
All right, well, 1877 game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and I just
want to say again, real quick, just recapping some housekeeping tonight, I want to say a
big welcome to The Geek Card, and Razorbug, Rob Face, and Sil, going to be joining the
network with their show, Thursdays on the network.
And for those of you listening live, you'll get to hear the first episode after OLR tonight,
which I know is very late for some of you, but I also know some of you never go to bed.
All right, phone is ringing, so let's try to get one more call in here tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Rama.
Hey Rama, buddy, how you doing?
I'm doing good, man.
It's so weird when I'm not here for a week, I strangely miss you people, but at least
I had like SSJ100 Matt was out there, and he hit stun, and some of the people that I
remember back in the day, we were at all games and all that, so it was good to at least see
some familiar faces.
Well, we're going to have to round the crew up, we're going to have to do MAGFest 2015,
we're going to have to get the suite and do it up.
2016, my friend, but yes.
That's what I said, 2016.
Oh, I thought you said 15, my bad.
Oh, no, no, 2016.
It's getting late.
Yeah, no, again, I don't want to say 100% yes, I am coming, because again, money is
always a thing, and there's things going on in my personal life where I just have to make
sure everything will be fine.
I don't want to get too far into that, because I don't like talking about the day life during
my night life, but as long as everything is cool there, then yeah, I definitely want to
do MAGFest again.
Let me put it this way, if I go to any East Coast show at all next year, it'll be MAGFest.
Oh, yeah, we're going to have a grand old time.
Yeah.
All right, now, I was with you about the whole thing with PAX and the press thing.
Now, before I get into that, I just want to know, why are you hating on bad dudes?
Come on, man.
Why?
Why?
I just think it's one of those rose-colored glasses games, but to be fair, I don't think
Loki let me finish my thought, he sometimes cuts me off.
On the NES, it wasn't very good, but I always thought the arcade version was fun, and I
did lose a lot of quarters on the arcade version, so to be fair.
Because I remember back in the day, there were advertisers for bad dudes in EGM and
other magazines, and what they would do was, they would just take cheap shots at Double
Dragon.
They would just basically say that with bad dudes, no matter what version you bought,
it was practically the same to the arcade, whereas Double Dragon, not so much.
And I was like, that's low, but you know what?
I think that's the thing people loved about bad dudes, it wasn't even the game, it was
everything else around the game.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
But anyway.
Mm-hmm.
So you were gonna ask me something about PAX?
Not actually about PAX, but I agree with you, what you said at the top of the show about
covering the big shows and trying to get media coverage, because on the end of covering anime
conventions and so forth, a lot of these constant, we're just going in, taking pictures, and
that's it.
We go in, we take pictures, reviews, interviews, the whole nine yards.
I could pull up my applications for New York Comic-Con, say people that run PAX, duplicate
everything.
There is even a section that says, please give a vial of your blood, and I submit it.
I went with a crew out of the three of us.
I was the only one that got pressed, and we all sent in practically identical things.
Meanwhile, I find out later that somebody that I knew whose ratings and all that were
lower than mine, but he got in because he BS'd his way in because of the number of hits
and likes on his Facebook.
I'm just like, you know what?
Table flip.
Here's the thing, and I wanna be very clear on this, and I know you understand this, but
before, because in my head, I'm fearing the tweets and the emails I'm gonna get where
Rob was just a big baby and threw a fit, and if he wants to get in his media, then maybe
he should do more or whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah.
My issue is not the fact that I didn't get in his media.
That is not my problem.
My issue is the fact that I did not see those rules enforced consistently.
I did not know what those rules even really were, and the fact that I couldn't seem to
talk to anybody about it, and I found the fact that when I'm not getting any responses
and Bobby's not getting any responses and the other people are, I just kind of find
that rude, and that's, it's the lack of consistency that's really ticking me off, and the fact
that we're kind of taking a dump on podcasts when everybody's about YouTube and Twitch
TV.
Well, guess what?
I know of quite a few people that like to listen to podcasts, not just OLR, but podcasts
during their workday while they do data entry or something that doesn't require them to
be listening.
They just need their ears and their fingers or whatever.
There's still a driving, hello?
There's still a huge market for all of that with podcasts, and even though I can't show
game footage, I can talk to people about the hobby they love, and that's what I want to
do more, and that's what I like to do with the press access is network, network, network,
and try to get more people on the show.
Try to ask the questions people really want to know the answers to and not just regurgitate
the press releases and share those stories and a lot of the positive that happens in
games because there's so much fucking negativity, and sometimes we need to ask the negative
questions, like, you know, as we did earlier with EA and Maxis and that whole thing, but
there's a lot of positive.
Don't get me started on that.
Anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to go on a rant, but you got me wrapped up.
No, it's okay, because not the fact that it's your show, but I agree with you 100%, like,
I have one person already, he writes my reviews, and, you know, we got people who like to read
the reviews, but when you sit down in that chair with your friends that covered the convention
and you just go, you start talking about it, it gets much more entertaining.
If you ask me personally, reviewing a trade show, convention or whatever, on an audio
video platform, it gets more people, more people get it, they feel your enthusiasm,
they feel how you feel.
I tell people when I go to shows, these conventions, that I do my absolute best with my crew to
get as much coverage as we can.
So when we sit down and give you this coverage, we want you to live vicariously through us.
We want you to feel that, you know what, even though I missed it, I was still glad I was
kind of able to be there through these people.
That's what it comes down to.
That's bringing the voice of geeks and the diversity everywhere.
Anyhow, sorry, I guess we're all getting on a little bit of a rant right now, but I guess
that was just kind of a personally frustrating thing, especially having come from, dude,
we broadcast on the show floor in recent memory to that.
And I think, and that's why, again, I think it's important, and then I promise I'll stop
talking about it.
I think it's just important to get out there.
I think people have the perception that PAX is still that, oh, hey, it's those guys that
do that funny comic about games and they put this whole thing on themselves and they really
have these rules where nobody's treated differently and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
I'm just telling you guys, that fucking changed five years ago.
And of course, the bigger people aren't talking about it, but I'm here to tell you it changed
and it is not that show anymore.
Yeah.
And like, you know, when, when there are people who are willingly taking personal days to
sit at their computer, just to fight for a badge, at that point, I'm like, no, what?
It's not, no.
I will start doing the smaller and the mid range conventions because they love and appreciate
everything, you know, because, well, sorry, I just address something real quick in chat
because I just, I have to address it.
Zaku is saying that a VOG needs to get their assets to Delaware to incorporate.
Once you're an LLC, your media penis will grow tenfold.
Actually, it's not in Delaware, but a VOG actually is an LLC out of Georgia, which we
picked, you know, cause obviously Bobby's based there.
So Georgia, you know, and has a lot of, there's a lot of Atlanta game stuff in that area too.
So yeah, we actually are an LLC and we have a business license.
We have all that stuff that I don't necessarily need to talk about on the air, but yeah, yeah,
we're covered.
We're, we're legit.
I'd like to, I'd like to think we're legit, but you know, Zaku's right, but one thing
I discovered with the big conventions, they're like, okay, how many hits do you have?
What can you do?
What can you do?
And we're like, you know, the sad part is it's coming down to quantity over quality.
And then, well, and then how do they measure those hits?
They use things like Alexa, seriously, who has that toolbar still installed?
What, what?
And especially like my bread and butter is not necessarily web content.
So I don't believe that I can be measured in the same way, which is why it's extremely
frustrating when I see other people that know of no tea, no shade, I'm getting more hits
than as far as the podcast and the, I have third party stats to prove that that aren't
having the problem.
It's just, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Cause we had a discussion about this on my Facebook a couple of years ago.
After this, I'm getting out of here.
One convention said your Alexa rating had to be at a certain number.
We're, Bunch was having a pow wow on my Facebook saying an anime, manga field, there's like
maybe five of the big name sites that will do coverage.
And then it's all of us little independent guys and we're looking together.
We come to a realization because that one rule, there's only going to be like five press
sites at this convention compared to maybe 10, 15, 20 doing complete coverage that will
do a lot more than what others will get.
I think, and this is important too, is that, you know, I appreciate all the advice you
guys are giving in chat and so forth, but you have to realize, and part of the announcements
Bobby and I, you know, made earlier kind of go in line with this is that we kind of made
peace with the fact that E3 and PAX don't want us because we were able to sit back and
ask the question, do we really need them or are we able to accomplish more spending
our money other places?
And I think we kind of came to the consensus that, you know what, we really need to focus
on where people don't seem to be focusing on.
And that is the small to mid-level cons and that, and there's nothing wrong with being
small to mid-level.
Again, I think you can have a lot of fun.
We'll do our one big con a year dragon con because you know, it's, it's local for our
co-owner and it's like 20 small cons all happening at once.
And they actually respond to emails.
And even though their media rule, I'll, I'll say this, I love dragon con.
We never get in this media.
We're probably never going to get in this media.
Their media rules are extremely stringent, but at least they're consistent and at least
you can contact them to talk about it.
Exactly.
Anyway.
Big sites cover everything else.
We cover everything else for the people.
That's all it is.
That's right.
That's right.
I think if we can bring coverage to some things you otherwise might not know about, then I
think we've done our job.
Anyway.
Uh, Ron, Mike, I gotta let you go.
My friend.
Take care of everybody.
Stay fabulous.
Bye.
Anime Jam session.
Everybody's check that out.
Uh, Tuesday nights here at the voice geeks network.
I'm so sorry to those of you guys that didn't get through, uh, we actually should have ended
a while ago.
Uh, and here we are still going.
Um, so, uh, we got to wrap up, um, thank you guys for listening.
If you have an email for us, participate at orange on twitter.com.
You can also tweet us twitter.com slash O L R. Uh, and uh, you know, we appreciate you
guys being here every week and supporting the show.
We, you know, the, the E3 media and the packs me that that would be cool.
We'd love to do that, but honestly, you guys being here, that's, that's the, that's the
real reward.
And all we ask here, we're not asking for your money.
I'm not going to direct you to some place to go send us money.
Uh, but we would appreciate any positive feedback that you would have in spreading the word
about our show.
Uh, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange on radio, please tell a friend or two
about this show.
Help spread the word.
If you really can't think of anybody to tell a five star review on iTunes or, um, a five
star review on a stitcher, those things go a long way.
Trust me, uh, in helping, um, helping us get out there and grow our family so that we can
diversify and have even more voices here at, um, the voice of geeks network and orange
lounge radio.
Anyway.
Um, again, dark soccer.
I doubt she's listening this week and a totally understandably why, but we are all thinking
about you dark soccer and looking forward to seeing her again next week.
Um, Loki.
Sorry.
It was late tonight.
Hopefully the misses will understand.
Whatever.
It's fine.
He'll be all right.
Thanks for the pizza.
No problem.
Good times.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I forgot.
The final fantasy type zero is also releasing this week.
Did you not say that?
I did.
Yeah, whatever.
It's no big deal.
Little behind the scenes.
Look since, since I'm spilling all this tea tonight, I ran out of the room when he did
release dates because I was trying to get Irene and they, they were coming over.
So yeah, I didn't hear that you'd miss that.
Otherwise I would have corrected you on that.
I remembered.
Now I'm like, that just crept out of nowhere though.
Didn't it?
It did.
And uh, I, I do want to pick it up just because of the demo.
I mean, I guess final fantasy games are cool too, but I don't know anything about type
zero at all.
So, um, it looked pretty cool from what I was looking at on the packs monitors.
Uh, and then again, that's, that game has also been around since, uh, PSP granted it
was in Japan.
But I'm looking forward to playing it here for the first time.
So, uh, and of course that final fantasy 15 demo.
Yes.
All right.
Uh, my final thought tonight is, um, I'm going to say the same thing.
I'm, I'm very much looking forward to type zero, but I'm going to really try to play
some more games that aren't Diablo and final fantasy 14 this week, but I'm going to play
a lot of those too.
What can I say?
I love playing video games.
I know you guys all do too.
Thank you so much for being here and making it a great show tonight.
We'll be back in seven days to do it all again.
Have a good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune into
fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
