Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight on the eve of GDC, Valve announces that they too are joining the VR scene with HTC by revealing the Vive headset for release later this year.
We'll tell you more about the week in gaming news along with your comments, feedback, and calls right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live with our 589th episode for this March the 1st of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts or Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E, joining me as always my co-hosts DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
And Tech Master Loki is here as well.
I want to start tonight and kind of address something that I think is on a lot of people's minds this week.
Let's go to a clip. I don't usually do this but I want to play a clip here at the top of the show.
But darkness did cover the world once, in legend.
We know so little about the Keyblade War, only that it was just the beginning.
Amidst that crisis a precious light was found.
It is a curious tale and one worth exploring.
They say ruin brings about creation, so what then would another Keyblade War bring?
When the darkness falls will we be found worthy of the precious light the legend speaks of?
I must have these answers.
The Keyblade needs to be forged and with it the door to the Keyblade War unlocked.
So obviously there that is the great Leonard Nimoy, who as I'm sure all of you know by now passed away on Friday at the age of 83.
You know, obviously Leonard Nimoy didn't contribute as much to video gaming probably as he did in the worlds of movies and the worlds of literature and some other places.
But he definitely had a presence in video gaming.
Not only of course with his role that he had there in Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, Kingdom Hearts 3D Dream Drop Distance.
Assumably Kingdom Hearts 3, if those parts have already been recorded or not we don't know.
But also Civilization 4, you might not have known this but he was the narrator in Civilization 4.
He also is a big voice in Star Trek Online.
Oh absolutely.
His is the first you hear in the game.
Absolutely. In fact you have some information on some things going on in Star Trek Online about Mr. Nimoy right?
Later on.
And isn't he like, what's that? Wasn't he part of C-Man?
Of course, how could we forget? Of course he is. He is the narrator in C-Man.
That was actually the first game that he was a part of was C-Man. Doing the narrator and all of that.
So some of those great clips we've played on the show previously.
Well in Star Trek Online they're actually going to be putting a big monument to him in the game.
But lately everyone's been converging at Vulcan to pay their respects.
Since Star Trek Online is basically the old school Star Trek universe without the divergence of the movie.
So it's what continued happening after the movie version split off.
So Vulcan still exists.
So yeah, big thing there. I actually re-upped my account over there.
Oh cool.
But I didn't get a chance to log in because the servers were so crazy busy.
So I actually couldn't get into the game.
It seems like a lot of people maybe want to revisit Star Trek Online because of this news.
And you know I know sometimes it's kind of weird to like really mourn these celebrities who pass away.
Because you know it's not like you knew them in real life.
But I kind of think with Leonard Nimoy, I think to anybody who considers themselves a geek.
Leonard Nimoy probably in some part played a part in that.
Because he had his hands in so much of geek culture.
And he embraced that geek culture despite what everybody said about his first bibliography.
The I am not Spock which was all a misunderstanding anyway.
He didn't you know ever really reject that.
You know just obviously through Star Trek which so so many geeks grew up with in one way or another.
But as well as video games and some of these other awesome things he did.
Dark Soccer you were saying that when you think of Leonard Nimoy you think of something completely different right?
Well I mean I always think of Star Trek but he was Galvatron in the Transformers movie that came out in 80 something 86.
So that was a big thing. I mean that movie also had Orson Welles in it.
So you've got and Robert Stack isn't he dead too?
I think so. I think he did better.
At least three of the actors in that movie.
Oh Robert Stack is awesome.
Yeah yeah.
So he was Ultra Magnus and Orson Welles was in there.
So I mean and I talked a little bit about this on Hoard House this week but I because we had the news that you know he was ill.
And I remember him a lot from these I feel like a lot of my love of space is thanks in part to Leonard Nimoy.
Because I remember I had these videos growing up when I was a kid and they were like some they were like educational short films.
But they were just you know they're really cool and would explain things about the planets and you know what we knew out there in the solar system at the time in the 80s when Pluto was still a planet y'all.
It's a planet again.
Is it a planet again?
I think they're working on it.
It will always be a planet in my heart to be honest.
But you know Leonard Nimoy narrated those videos and I think he was really big on education and that as well.
You saw him in a lot of educational initiatives as well.
Again a way that he played into our childhood.
Well another thing for me too is that he was actually I guess not necessarily a big pivotal reason why I converted to Judaism.
But learning about his Jewish roots definitely inspired me especially learning that the live long and prosper thing that I can only do with one hand is actually from the priestly benediction in an Orthodox temple.
Right.
And he did Yiddish theater.
He was fluent in Yiddish.
I grew up speaking it.
He was in productions of Fiddler on the Roof and it was his Star Trek fame even when he went back to doing theater after.
Yeah.
That actually really pushed the genre of Yiddish theater back into the four.
I'm going to really hope that none of my coworkers are listening because I'm about to out my boss as a closet Trekkie.
Although that's something you should never be ashamed of in my opinion.
But when I got the news that Leonard Nimoy passed away I went to talk to my boss about it because I knew she was big on Star Trek like she used to do a lot of the you know super nerd stuff that I'm doing now.
And she was sharing stories about meeting Leonard Nimoy years ago and seeing him in theater where a particular play where he was playing Van Gogh's brother.
So you know he he was much more versatile than just Spock.
Van Gogh's brother is the only person who bought any of his work.
Yeah.
But not just the fact that he in and of himself had a big love of fantasy.
I mean we're not going to talk about the song of Bilbo Baggins but you know.
But I mean on top of that there you know he contributed so deeply to the arts.
He actually was a big continuous contributor to various artistic foundries as well as to an ongoing Yiddish theater.
A few Yiddish theater societies.
So he's done a lot more for the public arts than people might think.
I'm going to our chat room. Of course we do tape live. I haven't said it yet but we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
voggenetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
And if you are listening live you can of course head over to our chat room.
Live.voggenetwork.com.
And obviously many many people taking a moment to remember some parts of Leonard Nimoy's career and the effect that it had on them.
SSJ100Matt saying saddest part of my week. Fifth Dream I posted some stuff of him as Galvatron the other day.
And the intro to C-Man. Of course a few people in there.
ragenator remembering the whole I'll friend your butt joke which you know might seem tasteless at a time like this.
However I think humor is a great way many of us cope with a lot of different tragedies.
Brad from Pod Culture letting us know Star Trek Online has got one hell of a graphics upgrade since the last time I logged in.
ActDef saying Leonard Nimoy is a legend. Tigerclaw Leonard Nimoy was the voice of Sentinel Prime in Transformers Dark of the Moon.
Oh and Michael Bay was related to him.
SSJ100Matt saying Nimoy was such a monumental figure in the geek nerddom.
He was never a vain or jerk celeb and was cool to the fans. He was a classy guy on and off the screen.
Absolutely. I mean all those things I think contribute to him. I think too because so many celebrities we see out there.
You see the whole like oh they had to go to rehab or they're on their seventh marriage.
Or you know they got caught at some party doing something nasty.
You know like Leonard Nimoy never got really caught up in any of that.
He got caught at that party watching Star Wars.
What's going to happen next? They're going to let the same guy direct Star Trek and Star Wars? What's up with that?
So anyhow I just I want to take a moment here to just acknowledge as I'm sure many of you are thinking of Leonard Nimoy this weekend and maybe the impact he had on your life.
And not only his contributions to movies and television and literature but just you know reminding y'all he did work with games too.
He was a huge part of video games. I consider Civilization 4 to be one of the greatest games in the last decade.
So and he's a big part of that and of course Star Trek Online a hugely popular MMO.
And of course I know many many many of y'all like Kingdom Hearts. You may not have played the games that are not one or two but I mean these side games.
I honestly never knew he was in Kingdom Hearts.
Yeah I think a lot of people did.
I stopped midway through the first one so.
Yeah of course so. But you have memories of Leonard Nimoy too I'm sure somewhere right?
Yeah I watched Star Trek.
Of course. So anyhow.
So we have to change the fortune cookie because Brad asks us to.
We'll get to that at the end of the show.
I will just mention real quick too I think this is an important note. Leonard Nimoy passed away because of complications related to smoking.
He didn't smoke at the end of his life. In fact he'd quit for many many years.
But some of the damage that he'd done over the years kind of came back to get him.
So you know if you are a fan of Leonard Nimoy and you're somebody out there who happens to be a smoker.
I'm somebody who used to smoke. I smoked in the past so I don't want to like talk down to anybody.
Certainly not what I want to do and I kind of understand some of the struggles and I understand you know the stress relief that comes with that and so forth.
But I do want to take this moment to say you know maybe now is the day to make a change.
Maybe today is the day you're going to quit or you're going to try something new to quit.
Or you're going to do something that will extend your own life so that hopefully you don't you know end up with this that you had to learn from watching Leonard Nimoy go through it.
So again I'm not like trying to be like talking down or parental but I just feel like this is something that maybe we could turn a very negative thing into a positive thing.
And if I knew that maybe this little rant would make one person maybe stop then I'd be like totally worth it totally worth it.
So just wanting to put that out there for people.
Anyway let's move on we move on there's a lot actually not as much going on in the gaming world this week as there have been in previous weeks.
But we are on the heels of GDC PAX East coming up this week and there are a few things we want to get into.
So we will move on we carry on with the week in gaming news and we're going to start it off as we always do.
Talking about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura how was your gaming week?
I played a little Star Trek online of course. Well tried to.
I played Final Fantasy 14 so I could show up for the La La Twerk wedding.
That was the dumbest shit I've ever seen in my life.
The eternal bonding ceremony in Final Fantasy it's seriously like the hokiest hoke that ever hoped.
Like oh we're going to have wings and fly into the air and smooch.
Fuck that's just ridiculous. Becky was watching over my shoulder and she was like what the hell is this?
And then she was like that chapel is really over the top.
I'm really upset you did not enjoy my twerking down the aisle too.
Since there's no flower girl or ring bearer built into the game I felt like and the folks that were getting married it was it was a bro wedding last night.
And you know it was just it was the whole theme was over the top. I mean so as if the ceremony itself and the game is not already over the top.
You know we were doing it. I was fine with that part. It was the ceremony. It was stupid.
I was like the hell stupid is this. And so I just want and everyone was like we're running around and speedos like that's great.
But I had I like the people who are running around in the leopard spotted speedos.
And I was just like I'm just gonna be cute and wear the yukata and have my little chocobo chick hanging around.
I wore a yukata to the last wedding I went to in game so.
But I'm still trying to convince someone to be my eternal bond mate just for shits and giggles.
Just to do it.
So that we can afford a house.
There you go.
Because that's the only way you can.
And then I played of course a Dragon Age Inquisition which I'm still kind of slowly going through it.
But Becky and I were because Becky doesn't really like the games but she likes the characters in it because I've introduced her to him.
At least as far as my impression is.
So basically it was just me walking around making inappropriate comments outside of the game about Cullen's butt.
And then there was that picture on Tumblr that looked like the showgirls poster.
Which makes me have to draw Cullen like the showgirls poster now.
Wow.
Wow.
Go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Speaking of awkward.
Bobby Blackwell's in our chat room.
He was not able to do a show tonight unfortunately because he's recovering from being sick.
But he's able to listen.
And he says Dark Sakura.
That chocobo head at the end was fabulous.
He was also at that wedding last night in game.
And one of the grooms last night wore a chocobo head as the ceremony was ending.
And it's that really cheesy scene.
Well you might have missed it because I think you logged out right before.
But it's when they actually get onto the two person chocobo mount and actually like ride off.
Oh yeah I missed that.
I was hanging out with Becky.
Sure you don't want to ignore IRL for in game stuff no matter what it is.
I'm going to be at another wedding I guess this week in game.
Oh that's right I have to miss that one.
There's two other guild leads.
I might not be able to stay up for the whole thing because I have to be at work early in the stupid morning.
But now I love that because Gold Saucer is in Final Fantasy 14.
It's a great place for after parties for the weddings.
I haven't been to Gold Saucer yet so.
Oh yeah check it out it's great.
I'm actually still working on building up my thing with the cat people.
The violent cat people.
The Amolja.
Oh the Amolja yeah yeah yeah.
That's where you get what mount do you get from them?
You get the little lizard thing from them.
I'm working on recognized with them right now so.
Nice.
I will point out though you only have to be level 15 to go to Gold Saucer.
So a lot of people in 14 checking that out.
Yeah.
Alright so that's it for your gaming week.
Then we will go on to Loki.
Loki how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty much just working on my game.
Although I did play.
And it's funny because actually I think I played this last week too but I completely forgot about it.
So I'm playing a little bit of Saints Row Gata out of Hell.
And it's really at this point I'm done with the game.
I have 100% as far as like the missions go and all the activities.
I'm just doing all this stupid grindy shit.
So I was working on some of that.
And it just is so boring because it's just grindy stuff to get the last few trophies.
But I just don't want to do it anymore.
So I play it for a while and I'm like okay this is boring.
I shut it off.
And it's really like it's sad because I'm only like 12 hours into the game.
And I've almost completely beat everything 100%.
I mean I have beat everything 100% and now I just have to do that.
Like get 500 kills with this weapon.
Get 500 kills with this weapon.
Get 500 kills with this weapon.
It's like that dumb shit.
But I don't know.
So that's pretty much it.
I'm just working on my game.
Alright well good luck as you continue that work on your game.
For me I got sucked back into Final Fantasy XIV something fierce this week.
I won't double talk a lot of the stuff that Dark Soccer already talked about.
Since I have done the Gold Saucer I will mention they did a pretty good job with it.
If you didn't know Final Fantasy XIV patched in the Gold Saucer this week.
It's own version of it but greatly inspired by Final Fantasy VII's Gold Saucer.
They have these silly little mini games that are really nothing.
They're just little throwaways.
But fun little like okay spend a point or like a ticket.
It's another form of currency that's in the game.
To just do this little press the button when it's right in the center.
If you do it right you might get 2 points or 5 points depending on how well you do it.
It's kind of cute that they put all these little sub mini games.
But then the two big highlights of Manderville Gold Saucer are.
Triple Triad is in the game now.
Which is pretty cool.
They built it.
It feels a lot like it does an 8.
It looks a little smaller because it's like a window that comes up on the screen.
You can play the full out Triple Triad.
You get a starter deck.
You can challenge NPCs to try to get their cards.
Or as you run dungeons and old content especially.
And do primal fights.
You get cards there as well.
The good news is too.
You don't lose cards like you did in Final Fantasy VIII.
So it makes it a lot easier to build up a deck.
So that's really cool.
And then Chocobo Racing is in the game.
Which looks great.
The controls are a little funky.
Left and right doesn't really turn left and right.
It's more like using a left lane or a right lane.
And then like all Accelerate does.
Is you want to accelerate up to the point where your Chocobo is starting to get exhausted.
And then you want to stop.
So you don't waste all your stamina.
So I mean there's kind of.
It's a little bit clunky in the controls.
But it still looks really nice.
And it's still kind of fun to check out.
So Chocobo Racing is a worthy addition as well.
They need to put Chocobo Racing as in the kart racing in the game.
Right?
That's what I was really hoping for.
Because man the Playstation 1 version was so good.
But I understand.
That's going to take a lot of work in a different way.
And maybe something like that is just too difficult to build in the engine.
I'm happy with what they did give us.
That is disappointing that it would be too difficult to build into the engine.
I guess they'll just have to make a standalone game then.
I'm fine with that.
I'm okay with that logic.
That is totally fine with me.
Honestly.
So.
Love that.
So there you go.
I've also been playing a lot of Diablo 3 this week.
As the seasons are continuing.
Alan is already up to like Paragon 130 something.
I don't know.
Like it's a really high level.
And I'm working on it too.
I'm up to Paragon 80 something on my Monk.
I've been just doing some rifts.
Trying to get some better gear.
Wishing that that Blood Shard lady would give me a set helm already.
But yeah.
Just making my way on Diablo 3.
Other than those two games.
Honestly it hasn't been an awful lot.
Yesterday I went on a day trip with Flaco Jones and Shane.
We went to go see Extover from Hoard House who lives in the Bay Area.
So we went on a day trip over there.
And I will say we played board games while we were there.
We don't talk about board games enough on this program.
Which you know.
I'm sure there are board game podcasts out there.
And there's probably plenty you could say about board games and card games.
But you know.
I think there's a lot that ties into video games after all.
Many great board and card games become a video game at some point.
And many great video games also become a board game at some point.
In fact, Dark Sakura at a store in Berkeley yesterday.
I saw the Mass Effect Risk game.
And I thought about it.
I kind of want it.
It's like 50 bucks isn't it?
It's 50 bucks.
They changed the board completely.
It looks very different.
But I still kind of wanted it.
But anyway.
We played board games.
We played The Resistance.
Which is kind of the wolf game that you play at Dragon Con.
Or I'm sure many conventions.
As a card game.
It's just a little different.
But that's a lot of fun.
Because you know.
If you play with a group of friends you get all into it.
And you know.
I of course was the spy in both games.
And you know.
Somebody figured it out.
But luckily the other people wouldn't listen to him.
And I won both times.
Beam.
We also played.
What is it called?
The DC deck building game.
Something like that.
It's like a card game.
But you're building your deck.
And it was all DC heroes and things.
Like you know.
I would get like.
I think Cyborg was the hero that I was playing.
And I think Alan was playing as the Flash.
And so.
Yeah.
That was a fun game.
I like those games.
Where you kind of start with a very small deck.
And then you build up more and more cards.
To try to get enough points to win.
I know Dominion is a huge game like that too.
I've played that before.
And that was a lot of fun.
So.
Yeah.
William Murderface in our chat room.
Over at Live.VogueNetwork.com says.
Need some betrayal at House on the Hill in my life.
Good stuff.
I played that one two weeks ago.
With Flaco and his wife and Shane.
And that game is a lot of fun.
That's one of my favorite board games right now.
So.
Yeah.
That's a great one too.
If you haven't played that.
So.
There you go.
I played a lot of board games this week.
It's like video games without the video.
So.
There you go.
Let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
And then we'll get into what news is going on this week.
For housekeeping I will say of course as always.
Follow us on Twitter please.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
As a reminder guys.
We will not be here next week.
There is no O-L-R here next week.
It will not be live.
Nor will it be podcast.
There will be nothing.
We will be back on March 15th.
And the reason for that of course.
Is that as I've mentioned on previous shows.
I will be going to PAX East.
And my flight home is Sunday night.
So there's no way.
I don't get back into San Francisco until 1130.
Which is well after the show is already over.
So there will be no show live or on the podcast next week.
But I hope you guys all have a great week.
I'm sure there will be lots of news and things to discuss.
That come out of PAX.
Which we'll talk about in two weeks.
On episode 590 on March 15th.
So there you go.
Alright.
Let's get into some news.
Gaming news.
Again.
A little bit of a quieter week.
But a few things to talk about.
Worthy of our time this week.
Loki.
So they made an announcement regarding Fable Legends.
That it's going to be a free to play game.
On Xbox One and PC.
So that's kind of cool.
Because I wouldn't have bought it anyways.
But I'm glad to hear that it will be free to play I guess.
So maybe I'll check it out.
If my PC can run it.
Since Windows 10 is supposed to be free.
Maybe?
Is it supposed to be?
Yeah.
It's supposed to be free.
So I'll have to check it out.
I'm wondering though how they're going to do the microtransactions in the game.
So that would be kind of interesting.
Now the other thing though.
Is they're saying that it does require Xbox Live Gold.
If you're on Xbox One to play it.
Unlike I think.
Don't the free to play games on Playstation Network.
Don't require that.
At least on Playstation 3 I think.
I don't know.
But I guess we'll have to wait and find out some more information.
I think this is coming out later this year.
I'm surprised at the free to play news about this.
Because it didn't seem like one when we saw it at E3 last year.
So this is a bit of a surprise.
I know that Molineau doesn't have much to do with this.
But I'm kind of glad it's free to play.
Well I mean he has really nothing to do with it at this point.
I understand it.
But a lot of the failed games have been kind of a let down.
Especially after 2.
Yeah 2 was great and then 3 was eh.
And then connect eh.
Yeah right.
It's none of reels.
Well I would like to see perhaps just a Fable 4 at some point.
That would be great.
You know especially to maybe kind of go back to some of the things that worked with 2.
And you know with the Xbox One technology and so forth.
Even though Molineau wouldn't be involved at this point likely.
I mean I would hope that they can bring enough talent.
I'm sure they can bring in talent to you know still make a worthy game of the Fable title.
But not to belittle this game.
It's kind of weird that it's free to play at this point.
But it's also kind of like okay I'll for sure play it now.
Yeah it was also kind of a stranger.
I mean kind of with that you know the free to play model to it.
Is that going to be more of like an MMO now?
Or is it going to be more of just like you know it's a free to play kind of single co-op type game.
You know that's what I'm kind of interested to find out I guess.
Bobby Blackwolf pointing out in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
That it's on a case by case basis if free to play games require the plus subscription or not.
On both systems.
So.
Ragenator pointing out too bad Fable 2 isn't available on Steam.
Those comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
So.
2 was good. My wife hated 3.
Well I mean but this one is not going to be related to those games at all really except in name right?
I mean it's a totally different type of game.
So I mean it's kind of a crap shoot in a way.
That doesn't necessarily mean it's going to be bad.
It's just it's not necessarily going to be good either.
It's kind of a.
It looked more of like a I don't know just kind of a co-op you know like for almost like 4 on 1 because it was that whole thing again.
Yeah.
Why is everyone doing the 4 on 1 thing.
I mean it's it's what we said that at E3 last year like it was just all the lines coming out.
I understand though that like you know Evolve did it and stuff like that.
And I don't even know if people are still really interested in that game because it looked interesting and looked like any idea.
But I just think with everybody doing that all of a sudden it's just kind of like eh.
Well I think what happened with Evolve was the DLC stuff really turned a lot of people off.
You know despite whatever they've said about it.
Despite how good the standalone package may be.
I think the fact that there was so much DLC at the start.
And the fact that there is no single player mode in it at all.
I think those kind of turned people off.
You know what would be good.
You know with the 4 on 1 thing is to have like some sort of like Dungeons and Dragons type game where one person that won is the DM and the other people are the people running the game.
And that would be pretty cool I think.
Was it Neverwinter Nights?
Was it Neverwinter Nights?
Is it?
Sort of.
I just call that D&D.
I understand that but I'm talking about like a video game.
I understand that yes it's fun to imagine and do all the rolling and stuff like that.
But like let's just streamline it down and make it a little bit more accessible for people that don't want to.
That are going to be too encumbered by trying to learn all the rules and everything.
That's what they did with D&D 4th edition which is why it sucks.
So maybe they shouldn't.
Well keep in mind 4 v 1 is not necessarily new to 2015 either.
I mean I think part of the reason a lot of people wanted to get on board with it is.
Go back and remember how freaking awesome Pac-Man Versus was.
And the Wii U brought a few versions of that to Nintendo Land as well.
What the Mario Chase and the Animal Crossing games are kind of like that.
I bet you we'll see a new Nintendo Land this year.
You really think?
I think so.
I wouldn't have thought Nintendo Land would be up for a sequel.
I would think they would try to make the magic happen again with Wii Sports.
One way or another.
Maybe.
And I'm well aware that there is Wii Sports was released on the Wii U.
But some type of.
It's not really new.
It's just kind of ported Wii Sports.
Wii Sports AGG whatever.
It's only the biggest video game of all time ported to the Wii U.
Yeah it's because they were innovative for a short brief period of time.
And they had a pretty decent game to go along with that.
They just need to recapture that fire though.
Many people in chat chiming in about Neverwinter Nights saying.
Bobby Blackwell saying Neverwinter Nights 2 didn't really have that.
But Neverwinter Nights 1 had that.
Let's see.
Bobby also saying he's got a lot of chat comments tonight.
Bobby saying I guess when he couldn't do his own show he's got a lot to say in chat.
Bobby saying Pac-Man versus on GameCube.
Best party game ever.
Too bad it kind of took a lot to get that game up and running.
But man those GameCube Game Boy Advance games were a real fun party when you had everything to make it happen.
Like Zelda Four Swords was so much fun.
As was even the Final Fantasy game.
Even though it was a little more complex I think to just kind of plug and play at a party.
I still think that was a lot of fun if you could get people who were into it to play.
So anyway.
Yeah so there you go.
Gonna be a free to play four versus one game.
I'll certainly check it out now that it's gonna be free.
I don't even have to ask that question.
Do I spend the money? Don't I spend the money?
Especially after last week's news where Shadow Realms got cancelled.
Well Loki there you go. There's one of those four versus one games that's not happening now.
So I guess some are unfortunately falling because there's too many of them out there.
So I would have liked to see what they come up with.
But I also have a weak spot for BioWare. I'll openly admit that. I do.
Anyhow. I also have a weak spot for this series as do a lot of you.
Dragon Quest. Good news guys. A Dragon Quest game is coming westward.
Sadly it's not Dragon Quest X for the Wii U or something.
But this will still be pretty cool nevertheless.
Dragon Quest Heroes will be coming to PlayStation 4.
Hmm interesting.
In North America and Europe later this year.
Both via retail and digital download.
And of course Square Enix will be selling it on their own online store.
The PlayStation 4 will obviously have the high definition graphics.
And all the characters that you know. Like the little blue slime.
So is this the one that's supposed to be like Dynasty Warriors or something?
I have not really played this game myself.
But I believe that's kind of how it is.
Maybe not.
It's not a main quest game. Obviously because it's not a numbered one.
It's more of a side game.
But I think it's a little more action oriented because of that.
Maybe that's not the same one I'm thinking.
I thought they had one because they did Hyrule Warriors.
And then they were doing one that was like I think Dragon Quest characters.
And kind of like a Hyrule Warriors style game.
Yeah I think it's more like Hyrule Warriors than it is an actual Dragon Quest game.
Akuma JP who I know lives in Japan.
And so has definitely already played Dragon Quest Heroes.
I'm sure says Dragon Quest Heroes sucks ass.
That's unfortunate.
That is unfortunate hearing that.
Why would you port a crappy game?
I mean granted that's just one person's opinion.
Other people may feel differently.
But still.
You know you might be wondering why this and not Dragon Quest X.
Dartetsuya saying though well if Dragon Quest Heroes is anything like Hyrule Warriors it might be a fun game.
You know Hyrule Warriors starting to show us a real vast amount of depth.
But we'll get into that later in the show.
I know something else is coming up on Hyrule Warriors later in the show.
So there you go.
I'll still.
It kind of depends how much they're going to charge for this.
That's one thing I don't think they said in the release.
I'm trying to see if it's in the.
Maybe a demo?
Yeah a demo would be great.
Something to let me know if I'm really going to like it or not before I drop that kind of money on it.
Yeah no day or date yet.
So we'll see if this maybe is more of a budget title although I kind of doubt it.
So.
You pay the Square Enix premium.
Yeah right.
Like we're going to be doing with Type 0.
Which is you know buying a PSP game that's been tinkered with and now will be on the Playstation 4.
But I do really want to play that game.
Not even just for the.
Not even for the Final Fantasy 15 demo but I mean obviously that's a big part of it.
But with Type 0 I'm just excited.
What is that even about?
I mean the music is so good.
But is Type 0 like tied in with 13 or is it like.
Well I think that whole universe kind of got split up.
But yeah I think it at one time did.
So but I'm still going to check it out.
We'll see.
All right let's move on.
Dark Saga.
Well a few big names out there have put out that there is going to be a Final Fantasy Mystic Quest HD remake.
But Squeenix is like uh uh.
That's crap.
Basically the official statements as we are aware of the Final Fantasy Mystic Quest HD remake project.
And can confirm that it is not a Square Enix project nor endorsed by Square Enix in any way.
Basically it was that a group called Dark Design Games has been going around the base saying oh yeah we're going to be making this game.
And you know spreading the word.
And they're actually the head of the company Jake Jackson was saying that oh we just crossed our wires.
Square Enix Europe has endorsed it.
You know so I think that he's trying to pull off some kind of scam or trying to I don't know get a little bit of attention.
But Square Enix officially said it's not true.
And basically if the game is released it is definitely unlicensed and a violation of their copyright.
Why would you want to remake Mystic Quest anyway?
Besides the music the music was great.
Hell if I know.
That aside the game itself was a little weak.
It was like Final Fantasy for five year olds.
Well and that was the point well it was Final Fantasy for Americans.
That was the point really behind it was it was let's let's do an entry level RPG for the big stupid Americans.
And it wasn't even really a Final Fantasy game to begin with.
No it really wasn't.
It didn't even really.
Hold on I'm going to figure out which one it was.
Maybe some of the spell names and things came from Final Fantasy but that's that's really it.
I mean it was so I actually own this.
My mom knew I loved Final Fantasy so she and she knew that it also wasn't a game that was filled with gore and blood and stuff like that.
So when she saw Final Fantasy Mystic Quest came out she got it for me for like my birthday or something.
Yeah actually it was a Final Fantasy game.
What?
It was a Final Fantasy.
Oh no no the Final Fantasy Mystic Quest came out in Japan as Final Fantasy USA Mystic Quest.
Yeah.
Final Fantasy stupid US edition.
Final Fantasy dumb Americans.
Yeah this actually was completely not yeah.
I believe it was a game developed in Japan for the US which is what made it kind of unique in a way.
But again soundtrack was stellar.
If you're going to play the game for no other reason the soundtrack is great.
It was not Nobui Matsu it was somebody else but it was it's great.
Some of the songs are in theater them which is one of the ways to kind of remember it now.
So act deft and chat over at live.vognetoverwork.com saying hey hey hey Final Fantasy Mystic Quest is cool don't diss it.
I just I guess it had its moments but it was it was so linear like you think Final Fantasy 13 was bad.
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest was actually linear you were on the world map was lines that you followed to and you would go to a battlefield.
Where you'd have to just do 10 battles back to back and then you'd clear that battlefield.
And of course all the hit points were represented visually because here in America we don't know numbers.
We only know meters.
So there were some silly aspects to the game but again the music fantastic.
So Dungeon Buster saying it's Final Fantasy Casual Quest.
Act deaf saying I'm a dumb Mexican and I love it.
Let's see yeah those are some comments from our chat room.
Rama saying Secret of Evermore was so much better than Mystic Quest.
I actually.
I have that game.
I support that.
I think Secret of Evermore got so much shit and there's I think it was a way better game than people give it credit for.
I understand why because of the fact that we got that and not Second Densetsu 3.
So I understand why the frustration is there but like that game didn't deserve to be like a one and done for Square USA you know.
Jeremy Soleil that was like the very first game soundtrack he ever did.
And now he's gone on to do Elder Scrolls like his big thing right Guild Wars all that big stuff.
So you know anyway all those other Square Enix games besides the ones in the main series.
Lots of news on those tonight.
Let's move on with some more news.
So Microsoft is putting on sale the one year subscription for Xbox Live.
They're dropping it to $40 a year instead of 60.
Although you know everyone's thinking oh they're trying to undercut Sony but it's actually supposed to be temporary discount.
But I wonder though if it's going to be a temporary discount like the system discounts were and then they weren't so temporary.
So I'm wondering you know they'll do something similar with that.
It'd be nice I just don't think they're going to do that.
And let's be honest a lot of people weren't paying $60 for gold anyways for a year you could buy for 40 a lot of places.
Like during Black Friday sales.
Not even just like all the time it's discounted like on Amazon and wherever.
What do you think might be the strategical reasons for Microsoft to do that.
Is it some type of competition with PlayStation because isn't PlayStation what $50 for a year.
Yeah.
So now not only are they no longer more expensive but they kind of undercut them in a way right.
Yes maybe just trying to see if that brings a boost in you know sales or something.
Maybe just subscriptions increases the amount of subscriptions.
I worry though and not to be too tinfoil hat or you know angsty gamer type of thing but I just want to throw this out there.
And I've talked in the past before about how like double dipping on the Xbox is going to piss me off.
Like if I have to pay one fee through Xbox Live to pay the game online.
And then I'm gonna have to pay a second fee through the game maker to have to play something online.
Like that's like double dipping right.
Yeah.
And I don't believe correct me if I'm wrong people but I don't believe PlayStation does this with their MMOs like Final Fantasy 14.
I do not believe you have to have PlayStation Plus to do Final Fantasy 14.
Well according to what Bobby was saying earlier it's on a case by case basis.
On a case by case basis right.
So and I'm trying to remember what game it was or I was like they better not have a fee to do online because then that's double dipping.
Because you're gonna have to pay once for Xbox Live and then you're gonna have to pay another fee through whoever the game maker is.
I can't remember at the time what.
Is it Elder Scrolls Online?
Maybe I don't know but I wonder if the reduction in price for Xbox Live is to make double dipping less offensive.
If that makes sense.
Then maybe some of that's coming that they'll make that $20 or the publishers will make that $20 in other ways.
Again I am admittedly being negative about this but I feel like I have to ask that question.
Like what's the real reason behind this?
Well the other thing I'm thinking is maybe it's because they're thinking I honestly don't think it's very long term anyways.
I think it's just the boost sales right now because it's kind of a I don't know it's a very sparse time of the year.
So I'm thinking maybe it's just to help boost sales a little bit just you know an experiment they can try it and see what happens.
I don't know if it's gonna be necessarily something that they drop the price because they're thinking hey we're gonna get people on Windows 10 to pay the subscription fee for games as well.
Which let me start off there by saying I think that's really stupid to do on PC to pay a subscription to play games online on PC.
Oh god hackers will find a way around that in seconds. I hope Microsoft isn't banking on making money with that. Hackers will work around that in seconds.
I just you know because that's you know what they're saying I think with Fable the new Fable game is that you have to have gold to play that.
Oh then it's not really free to play is it?
But then I think that's just on consoles though right now. But I'm just saying right now you know I understand it's on consoles currently.
But it could very well move over to all platforms like you play you know for PlayStation Plus or whatever you get it on you know all your PlayStation consoles.
But maybe now that they're having Windows 10 as being this whole platform thing that you pay for it on Windows 10.
I don't know I think it'd be hard to sell that but I could see them maybe offering other services through that perhaps.
Okay that's a more positive way of looking at it is that maybe there's some type of uniform Microsoft subscription or Microsoft gold or something that's going to have synergy with Windows 10.
And so buying this would get you not only the gaming but tinfoil hat, Microsoft Word, like Microsoft Office suite of products you could use.
I hate that they have a subscription for that too but you know whatever.
Well it worked for Adobe so it's where a lot of those companies their software gets pirated all the time.
That's kind of where they're going now you know.
So that's their way around it is that you know you check in with an authentication server all the time or it doesn't work.
Always online apps essentially.
Okay so I have to jump in.
Okay what is going on in the chat room Dark Soccer?
While we've been talking about Microsoft and Xbox you guys in the chat room are going crazy. What is happening?
Basically it starts with Act Deft going because it's talking about well it went to talk about like Final Fantasy Mexico edition.
And so he says Fantasica Final Busqueda Mystica.
So we've now started talking about what enemies and classes would be in the game.
So instead of cactuars you have cactuses and I said instead of bards you have El Mariachi.
You know and I was actually sort of thinking of you know Antonio Banderas walking around.
Wait so since we joked about a Final Fantasy that was made for stereotypical Americans.
You guys are designing a Final Fantasy for stereotypical Mexicans.
Mexicans yes. So we have luchadors instead of dragoons.
They're going to wrestle them into you know pieces.
Then we have what else was in there I said to have the Toreador.
So that you have bullfights instead of boss fights.
Chihuahua instead of carbuncles.
Which is Spanish but still.
Can the plot of the game be like straight out of a Tene novella?
It should be. There needs to be fake crying.
There needs to be lots of crying.
And slap fighting.
Yeah lots of slap fighting.
But that would have to take elements from Final Fantasy 7 when you have the slap fight on top of the Shinra building.
Just bring that over.
Well they were like we need to rom hack something and I'm like just do it in RPG Maker.
So I said this should be an official dream game.
The gold saucer equivalent in Mexico by the way.
It should be.
Sabado Higante.
There it is.
And like you don't you don't rest in a tent.
You just have your little villages should be like in a circle and you know.
I love it. I love it.
Then your old ruins are like you know Aztec and Mayan ruins and whatnot.
It's like just stereotypical enough to not quite be offensive.
Exactly.
Which is very like tongue in cheek.
But we should have we should have real.
Kind of like um.
Um.
Oh my God why is the name escaping me.
Fucking fantastic Metroid media game.
Agi-Dub says salsa saucer.
Why is this.
Guacamelee.
God.
There was mentions of that too.
Yeah.
So now this is actually according to Dark Tetsuya Final Fantasy Mexican Quest is now on the wiki.
No you have to use the right name.
The name that that uh the active gave it because active is our official.
Uh he is our official muse in this liaison.
Early.
No I'm inspired.
He's our muse.
OK.
So Fantasia Final Busqueta Mystica.
Make it so.
I love that.
Love it.
And no we don't want to use the maracas.
That would just be too much.
Yeah.
No now you're getting too stereotypical.
Come on people.
Come on.
All right.
The things that go on in our chat room.
Now I do like fifth dream your party can only have three members because amigos.
That was a good movie.
OK.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Well since Dark Sakura and the chat room had to go there with maracas like from you know
somebody amigo that has us thinking a little bit about rhythm games right.
And we had some potentially big rhythm game news last week on the show maybe two weeks
ago when rumors are really gaining steam that rock band is going to come back this year.
Which is supposed to be rumored to be announced this week.
Could be yeah it could be something I'm hoping to get my hands on next week if the line isn't
horrendous.
We'll see.
Well the good thing about PAX I will say this the good thing about it is that you know unlike
E3 I mean E3 you can't do shit anymore without an appointment.
E3 is honestly if you are just kind of going you're going to get to maybe see Nintendo
Sony Microsoft has stuff out there.
Everybody else you might as well have an appointment or you're really not going to get to see anything.
And because it's only those three booths that really have stuff out on the floor the lines
are really really long like you all know like the epically long Nintendo lines right.
Well because the point of PAX is it's out there for everybody to see and do and the media
doesn't really get special treatment at PAX.
Hopefully those lines will move a little more briskly than they would perhaps it like an
E3 type show.
So I will hope that if Rock Band is unveiled at PAX I might be able to get my hands on it
as will I'm sure some of our listeners that will be there at the show as well.
Now here's the thing though this is where the plot thickens.
Harmonix not the only ones thinking about bringing their plastic instrument franchise
back from the dead.
Yep Activision rumored to be working on a Guitar Hero game for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Now they're talking a more realistic visual style with this.
So it won't be so cartoony like the old games were.
Maybe because that cartoony stuff got them into trouble.
Like remember Gwen Stefani not happy that she could be singing songs by Nirvana and stuff in the game right.
Remember some of those lawsuit issues.
So they might take a more realistic approach with the game.
Maybe that's because Rock sorry Rocksmith does still is doing pretty well and that's more realistic game.
I don't know I don't know just throwing ideas out there.
But the rumor is an E3 reveal for the game.
New guitar peripherals will be introduced for this.
But not hearing anything about drums or keyboards so maybe the focus will be on guitar like the old games.
Boo I don't want to have to buy new fucking instruments.
I have enough instruments I have a garage full of instruments.
Activision of course saying that they don't comment on rumor or speculation.
But have previously said that it's one of the most beloved entertainment franchises.
We would only bring Guitar Hero back if we developed the right innovations to usher the franchise into the new generation of gaming.
And I'm going to say the same thing that I said when we talked about Rock Band.
And that is we live in a very social world now and I sort of see.
I mean the Rock Band and Guitar Hero games that we had before were great.
I mean mostly Rock Band but even Guitar Hero as well were great party games.
Living room party games invite your friends over and have a blast.
We live in an even more connected world now just even five years later than we did five years ago.
I mean Twitch TV streaming not really as big of a thing five years ago.
I think it was still Justin TV five years ago and it was kind of a fringe thing right?
Than it is now.
So I think maybe those innovations are going to be very rooted in social things.
Like not only can I play online with my friends but we can kind of all see each other.
And I think what did I say about Rock Band? We'd make a music video together using all the cameras.
You'd make an awesome music video that would get copyright striked as soon as you upload it online.
Innovation is the future.
Absolutely.
So they've rebuilt the cow.
They have the technology and now they're going to milk it dry again.
Well the Guitar Hero. Here's the thing about Guitar Hero.
I don't think it's as bad as people remember it in their memory.
Really?
Because you know four releases in a year is just not too much.
That's the thing.
It's not like the core games themselves that were the issue.
It was the fact that they bled that series dry.
That hurt not only that but Rock Band as well.
Which with all due respect to harmonics, even that was happening a little bit.
What with the Rock Band Green Day and the Rock Band Beatles.
Although if any band deserves their own stand alone game it's the Beatles.
I think the Beatles one was treated quite well and they had their own separate thing with that.
Well that was George Harrison's son behind the whole thing.
That's fair. Sorry.
I did not mean to come for Rock Band Beatles.
I completely agree with you on Green Day. I just don't see that.
And then Guitar Hero was Aerosmith, Van Halen. Didn't they have an ACDC one at one point too?
Yeah.
All these bands were getting their own games.
The thing with ACDC, I think the Rock Band one, that was a Walmart game.
It was Walmart exclusive for a while.
And then there was the Family Guitar Hero or Band Hero, right?
Which was the one that had Taylor Swift and stuff in it, right?
And Lego Rock Band was pretty cool.
Oh yeah, but I don't know.
But see, really those games I only wanted for the songs they were in because they had some pretty sweet songs with that.
Yeah.
I don't know. I just...
But then keep in mind, at the same time, Guitar Hero is getting Milk Dry.
DJ Hero, pretty fucking awesome.
It was! They only released two games. Why?
That's the one I want Activision to bring back.
I want that to come back.
Let Harmonix do the guitar game. Let Activision do the DJ game.
That was amazing. It was such a great game.
It was such a cool idea.
Like, we're gonna mix these two.
It's like a whole original soundtrack with it.
I thought that was cool.
But no, let's just, you know, we'll bring back Guitar Hero.
Fine, you know what? I'm fine with it.
You know, we'll see what they do with it.
I just hope it's just not like a clone of Rocksmith.
I mean...
And once again, I don't want to buy new guitars.
I have a whole set for my Xbox 360,
and I just wish I could use that with other games.
Bobby Blackwolf making a good point in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
saying, here's the thing about the plastic instruments.
A lot of people's plastic instruments no longer work,
and they no longer make the plastic instruments,
so people can't play those games anymore.
So new instruments is a given.
That's going to happen, Loki.
Like it or not, there will be new instruments.
The question is, will there be an adapter that ends up happening
that will allow those old devices to be playable in place of the new ones?
Well, let me put it this way.
I have a device to do that already for playing my Xbox 360 controller
and my PlayStation 3 and stuff like that.
Yeah, but the console manufacturers have to allow this stuff too, right?
Because they can lock it out, can't they?
It's hacks, whatever.
Yeah, but see, the harmonics in Activision can't really be all like,
use your old instrument with a hack.
I don't think they can really endorse that, so we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyway, Legend of Zaku in chat wondering,
how about Kinect or camera-based instruments?
No.
For example, air guitar.
No.
Yeah, I don't want to see it go that route because it's not going to be accurate.
Ridiculous.
I wouldn't go so far as to call it ridiculous.
I think it's one of those things where it works better in your mind
than it will in reality.
That's the problem with it.
I reject his version of reality and replace it with my own.
If you want to be rejected as well, join us in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
DarkSakura is standing by.
Rejection!
I seriously hope we get a new DJ Hero game because that would be amazing.
I really think that that was an underutilized series.
Just harmonics, do guitar,
You know what?
I'm telling you, I'm fine with Activision going the guitar route,
but you know what?
I want harmonics to put out a DJ game then.
That could be good.
They are doing amplitude, which I know is not DJ.
That's not the same.
I know. Anyway.
Obviously, our show's roots is in music games,
so we have some very passionate opinions about this.
I meant to go play DJ Hero this week.
I'll do that this week.
Here's my thing at PAX East, guys.
I'm going to be there. Bobby's going to be there.
We all know Bobby's a drummer, so Bobby's clearly going to be the drummer in the band.
What am I going to do? Am I going to sing? I hope I'm not going to sing.
I want to play bass or something.
I'm going to be the bassist.
Who else is going to stand in line with Bobby and I to play the new rock band?
That's what I want to know.
Maybe SSJ100 Matt. He likes to play guitar. He could be lead guitar, right? We'll see.
Anyway.
Who's the best singer in the O.L. Army that's going to PAX East? That's what I want to know.
We'll see.
Bobby Blackwell's saying amplitude is what they'll be showing on the PAX floor.
For sure, amplitude will be there.
So maybe they'll announce rock band, but it may not be playable.
We are making a huge assumption that rock band would be playable if they announced it.
And maybe they're going to keep that in their hat till E3.
I could still see them having rock band there, but it will be maybe the new DLC.
Oh, okay. Yeah. I can see that.
Or maybe a demo where every 15, 30 minutes the harmonics PR guys will come out on stage and play a song and that's that.
You don't play a song. They play a song and you watch. That type of thing.
That's what they did at that one E3 with rock band Beatles. They played it. We watched.
But of course there was a big focus on that game and the visuals and how everything was in the Beatles style.
Alright. Act F saying I can play keyboard.
My last thought on rock band. Please don't ditch the keyboards just because rock band 3 was not as huge of a deal as rock band 2 and so forth.
I loved keyboards. Please, please, please don't get rid of keyboards. Please harmonics. Please.
I'm going to ugly cry if you get rid of keyboards.
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to be there. I have a keyboard too. Haven't really used it. I'm going to be there at PAX East.
If you get rid of keyboards, I'm going to ugly cry at your booth. Ugly, ugly cry.
Do you want to know something funny? What? We actually still have all of our peripherals and they still work.
All of them. They were, they were well built. Do you know what else I have that still works?
Huh? My guitar freaks controller. Right? And my drum mania controller.
I don't think I have a single dance pad that still works, but yeah, I have those plastic instruments, man. They take a lickin'.
Who did I sell my keyboard mania to or did I? Did I sell it to you?
No. No. I bought my own years ago. I was going to sell my keyboard mania to somebody. I don't remember.
Alright. I think I offered it to you first. I think you did.
Alright. Well anyway, Sega has words for Nintendo, which honestly, you know, Sega's fucking up a lot of stuff so I don't know how much Nintendo should listen.
But this comes from this former Sega CEO, Tom Kalinske. Basically, he's saying Nintendo should keep doing what they're doing because they're really good at it.
The quote says, I don't think Nintendo should give up hardware or consoles. I'm surprised they haven't formed a division to extend the IP.
I'd love to play some of their games on my iPhone or iPad. It's really a form of marketing for them in a sense.
They wouldn't even need to make that much money off of it. It would keep their brands relevant to the user, including people that are older like me.
So it seems to me it's a marketing mistake, but I don't think they should give up what they're doing because they're damn good at it.
Hmm.
It seems to me that Sega's mistake is going the portable route as far as doing things on phones and whatnot.
Because I think they might have even oversaturated the public consciousness with their IP.
I don't think it's a mistake, honestly, just because look at the sales that they had in their last console game.
I mean, I think if they're making money in mobile and they're not making money in consoles, then they've got to move to mobile.
So they need to actually go back and instead of putting all of the effort into shitty games and mediocre mobile games, they could actually recapture what they had and put out good games.
Exactly.
And not oversaturate it with a new reinvention every five months.
Look at what you did right in the past. You don't need to change it. You just need to make more of it. That's it.
I mean, no one ever, ever said, damn, I wish Sonic had some more friends. No one said that.
Or, hey, you know, I like this fast running part, but I really wish it would just slow down so I could have a nice little brawl with some robots.
No one fucking said that ever in the history of time about Sonic the Hedgehog.
You know what? I like Knuckles. Sonic Adventure did everything right, I think. That was the last really good Sonic game, was the first Sonic adventure.
It gave us different gameplay, but we could always go back and do the Sonic levels. It had the speed.
And it was actually something that you were playing instead of just a series of cut scenes or target dashes, you know.
And I think that perhaps maybe it should be that Sega should be following Nintendo's example and doing what they know works.
Recapturing what they know works using the teams that they knew put out a good product.
Make a fighting game with all your franchise characters.
What?
That's right, make a fighting game with all your franchise characters.
They've done that several times.
Sega?
Yes.
Well, I understand that, but it's been a while.
We need Fighters Megamix 2.
Yes, like Smash Bros.
We want to play as the Daytona car.
Hell yes, or just get the Daytona car as DLC for Smash Bros.
You could also play as the palm tree from the AM2 logo.
So random.
I know, that was such a great game.
But yeah, just go back and do what works, you know.
Stop, you know, trying to chase something that's this ephemeral distant item that you can't obtain and go back to your roots.
You know, if you look at actually other companies in general, how many companies do you know that branched off, branched off, branched off until they forgot what they were doing, wiped everything out, went back to what they were good at, and are now profitable companies?
I mean, I can't name certain names, but I can definitely allude to it here in the studio here.
But there are a bunch of companies who have just branched off, forgot what they did well, and had to go back to their roots. Rebuild start from zero.
Right.
So Sega, learn your lesson.
Nintendo's doing fine. You should learn from them.
Just please don't disappear altogether, Sega. That'd be a bit much for me to take. That's all I'm saying.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and check out some games coming to a console or a PC near you a little sooner than perhaps whatever Sega's doing next.
It's really sad that it's been such a slow year. I mean, I just don't even know. But this week, we really only have one game coming out on Xbox One and Xbox 360, Scream Ride.
What even is that?
Scream Ride is a rollercoaster game where you build a track as you're kind of going, and I don't know if you're killing people in your ride. It's just some weird puzzle racing game. I know that's strange.
Interesting. All right, well, there you go.
Hey, but that's all you got this week.
Take it or leave it. Maybe something digitally is sweet in the pot. Who knows?
There is other digital games, but I'm talking about physical releases. That's it.
All right. Anyhow, going over to Japan and checking out the releases there. PlayStation 4 looks pretty thin, too. You do get Evolve this week. The Japanese release of Evolve is this week on March the 5th.
On the PlayStation 3, Downtown Nekketsu Koshi Kyouku. What is that? I don't even know what that is.
Downtown Nekketsu. It's River City Ransom.
Oh, my God, it is. Oh, I didn't recognize it in the name when I see it. But now that I see the artwork, I'm like, holy shit, this looks awesome. What is this? I want it now.
Yeah, fuck.
This looks like, okay.
You see, Downtown Nekketsu, that's the hot blooded story thing.
Oh, my God, it even looks like it has stories. This looks like it's some type of fucking sequel to like River City Ransom or something. What is this? I need it now.
There's online battle, whatever this is, online battle, single play, free battle, online battle.
If Ikuma-san gets this for me, I'll send him something from here.
Well, oh, yeah, because PlayStation 3 is region free, isn't it?
Yep.
Hmm. This might be something we have to check out.
I'm actually just sort of kidding, but I'm going to import the fuck out of this.
Let's see. Okay, here it is. So they recently announced in Famitsu a remake of this.
It was also known as Crash and the Boys Street Challenge, released in 1990 for the NES.
It takes these characters and pits them against each other in a sporting event where everything goes, especially cheating.
New in this version, highly detailed 3D backgrounds, online multiplayer support, and a single player story mode.
Huh.
So there you go.
Crash and the Boys.
I laughed my ass off of that reference in Scott Pilgrim.
Yeah, right?
Mm-hmm.
So that's pretty awesome. I would see-
I'm going to buy this right now.
Why do I end up doing Japanese releases when you know some of these series right by their Japanese titles?
I fully admit I don't know that. So, I don't know.
Anyway, getting a price-
Damn it. I can't order it yet.
Getting a price reduction this week. Ayu Densetsu Sen no Kisuke going into the best series there.
Let's see. Moving on. On the Wii U this week, nothing, because Mario Party 10 is not out until next week.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, Ayu Densetsu Sen no Kisuke gets its price reduction on the Vita as well.
And lastly on the 3DS, Lego City Undercover gets a Japanese release this week.
And Doraemon no Bita no Uchu Iyuki comes out this week on the-
Doraemon?
Yeah.
I love Doraemon games. They're so cute.
Yeah. Now that one I know. But there's a lot of games in that series.
All right. How about the UK, Dar Sakura?
In the UK, we have just a few things, really.
We've got Ali Ali 2 for PS4 Vita and White Knight for PS4 on the 4th.
And then on the 6th, we have Scream Ride for the Microsoft systems.
And Zombie Army Trilogy on PS4, X-Bone, and PC.
That's it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Country Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase SHOP.
All right. Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
Well, I know it's time to get excited, especially when I'm saying that Valve had an announcement.
Well, actually, I should say HTC had an announcement because they have a brand new virtual reality headset.
This is the kind of culmination of HTC and Steam.
Now it's the HTC Vive, which is supposed to be coming out later this year and is going to be another headset for VR.
They're saying that it's going to have some pretty awesome displays.
We can do video up to 90 frames per second.
They're saying that it's got dual 1200 by 1080 displays as opposed to what's currently in the Oculus Rift DK2, which is a single 1080p panel.
And they have this really strange video teaser of it, but I don't know.
I'm worried though that there's going to be a lot of fragmentation from this.
And also, is this going to be like the new Valve console now?
Because remember we're going to have those Steam boxes and stuff and that kind of went by the wayside.
Is this going to be kind of like the new Steam box thing?
I don't know. But they are saying it's going to be out this year.
So at the very least we know there will be some VR this year.
Some sort of consumer VR piece.
And how much does it cost is what I want to know too.
Any worry about the pool getting a little crowded with all these different people now getting in?
Well, yeah, no. Because there's a lot of different PC manufacturers out there.
And there doesn't seem to be any fragmentation there.
And like the mobile market though, especially on the Android side, there's a lot of fragmentation.
I'm worried though there needs to be some sort of standard.
Or hopefully it's easy to port, like say, if I make a game for Oculus, it's easy to port it to this.
And port it to Morpheus and HoloLens, however I'm going to do it on there. You know, that type of thing.
Well, if they're all rooted in PC, you don't exactly have to port things to your PC.
I understand that. But like, you know, just different standards I guess for things.
Like specs maybe, like resolutions.
Like how the sensors work in it for tracking movement and that kind of thing.
Again though, with a PC it's very easy to do different resolutions, right?
So hopefully, I mean, I get what you're saying, but it doesn't seem like it would be too challenging.
I would hope. I don't know.
Be interesting to see. I think they're supposed to be showing this off at GDC this week.
Well, if Bobby had done a show tonight, I'm sure he would have been talking about this.
But he is in chat saying the Valve HMD will be a higher end product that will cost a lot more.
Kind of like Alienware PCs.
Tigerclaw asking, what's the refresh rate on this new headset?
If it's two screens at 1080p, it has to be able to do 60 hertz on each eye and BlackWolf saying it is 90.
So there you go.
That sounds pretty cool. I just, you know, I hope it's not incredibly expensive.
I think we're getting really, really close to those VR headsets showing up in people's homes pretty regularly.
I think that's probably going to be a thing this holiday. You're going to start to see that.
I don't know if necessarily like the PlayStation 4's Morpheus will be this holiday.
But if not this holiday next, for sure, like we're going to really start to see this take off, I think, next year.
I'm excited. This is different. This is kind of the whole, you know, different way to experience things.
Like when the Wii first came out, this is the type of innovation.
Sadly, Nintendo doesn't seem to have anything like this yet.
And I'm worried that they're going to kind of miss the boat on it again.
I'm okay with them doing their own path. Maybe they'll think of something else.
I mean, you just said they did the Wii. You know, they thought of that. So maybe they'll think of something else.
That's like years ago now. I mean, well, let's be innovative. I mean, they tried, but it's just not working.
They're like, they're kind of trailing on what's being popular with things.
I think they're like, oh, people like tablets. Let's make a tablet control. Oh, people are like really into 3D now.
I think from a technical aspect, yeah, because they still very much want to profit on every console they sell.
Whereas other companies will take a loss, but they want to profit on every Wii U sold.
So the tech specs aren't usually as impressive. But, you know, they believed in the tablet thing.
They just, I guess, hope that third parties will be a little more excited about it than they really ended up being in practice.
I think that's what kind of, you know, everybody sounded really excited about it in the beginning.
But then, like, everybody just ran away. Like, when the system didn't do so well when it came out, everybody just ran away.
And now it's been really up to Nintendo to support it. And, you know, instead of maybe necessarily doing these vision games they wanted to make,
they had to do the games that they know would sell that they can do well that would sell.
Like, a new Mario Kart probably came out a little faster than maybe otherwise would have. And so on and so on.
Bobby says Nintendo's failing all the way to the bank.
The DS is still doing well for them.
I am glad the DS is doing well. I have high hopes for them with Zelda. I just hope it's enough.
I mean, I don't know. They're doing okay right now, but there's only so long they can last on first party titles.
And, yeah, I understand that the first party titles are good, and people do buy their systems for those titles.
But how long is it going to be that people are going to just pay all this money just to buy first party games for this one platform?
I mean, I don't know. This is why I'm not buying a system yet, because what else am I going to really play in there except for a couple games?
Well, here's a big part of Nintendo's future here as well, because these things won't stop selling.
And this week, for a very brief period of time, Gold Mario Amiibo, they showed up.
It was a Walmart exclusive thing, and they showed up for order, pre-order, whatever, on Walmart's website, and they were gone in minutes.
And what happened? Of course, they're all up on eBay.
$65, some are a little more modest, like $20 to $30, some are going up to $100.
One pre-order reportedly went for $1500, although that could have been trolls that inflated that amount. Who knows?
But the Gold Amiibo's flying, and I have to admit, like, I just...
I don't get it.
I don't get it. I don't. But you guys all know how I feel about the Amiibo in the first place.
And then to take the Mario Amiibo and basically spray-paint it gold, I'm like, what's the big fucking deal? Why are people going so crazy?
Does he appear gold in the game when you play as them?
Or if it's not, then there's really no reason.
Even if he did, who cares? It's not, like, worth $60 from a scalper for that.
Just think about it. I don't understand, like, these Amiibos are like, what, $13? Is that what they are?
I mean, let's assume that you buy it at retail. Okay, so $13.
You're essentially buying a character. It's not even a character DLC. You're buying, like, I don't even know what you're buying for $13.
Like, a collectible figure, cool, but...
The figures are well-made, and the people that are collecting it for the figures themselves, and even the limited functionality there is, I get it.
Like, I don't want to make it sound like, oh, I fucking hate Amiibo and everybody that buys them is stupid or whatever.
No, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what I'm saying.
The thing I don't get is, because it is so limited, whether that's Port Strike, Nintendo's artificial, whatever the case may be, because it's so limited, it's the hysteria behind it.
And the whole, I have to have every single one mentality that I don't get.
I don't buy the Port Strike bullshit for a minute, because they've done this shit ever since, like, the Wii came out.
Like, oh, we just can't keep up with them, they've demanded so much!
Come on, they know how the fuck their products sell at this point.
I don't believe for a second that, oh, that Port Strike, they even said it was light enough to where they could ship that shit air.
So, I'm sorry. I don't buy that for a second. It's fucking artificial shortages to drive the hysteria up so that it's...
How many fucking articles, seriously, and this is why I don't try to report on a lot of this stuff anyways, even though I guess we're talking about it now, but...
Well, it was a slower news week.
I understand that. But, like, seriously, if you read the game box, how many fucking articles about Amiibos, because people are still looking for them and, like, talking about pre-orders and what's out, where it's out at.
Dude, who gives a shit?
Okay, I'm gonna tell you why. I'm gonna tell you why. The reason why all those articles are going, because of all the hysteria behind it, it's clickbait.
It is essentially clickbait because never do these websites, well, I shouldn't say never, but rarely do these websites say, go here to pre-order the Amiibo.
The website instead says, come to our site to learn about where you can get the Amiibo.
You have to click through to their site, and then it will show you what is open and taking the orders for Amiibo.
It's clickbait, and the reason why it's so popular is because money.
Because of the fact that there are people that want to hunt this stuff out and will snatch them up when they first come out so they can resell them.
It's that money factor, and these sites that are running the story about who has them in at this second and so forth want those hits from people googling it and so forth.
So stupid. I'm sick of hearing about these things. Because there's no, honestly, aside from being able to train them a little bit and smash them, there's really no worthwhile uses for these characters right now.
It's a promise that these will be used in the future for something really interesting. I remember the Kinect like that.
Okay, SSJ100Matt in our chatroom over at Live.VogueNetwork.com saying, so it's Mario in a blue and white dress. I mean white and gold. I mean blue and black.
Shut up. Shut. Up.
I had to make a reference at some point tonight. It was a good job. I'm high-fiving you, SSJ100Matt.
Okay, BobbyBlackWolfLoki calling you out a little bit here, and I have to get your thoughts on this, saying, quote, Nintendo can't survive this way for long. Quote, Nintendo sucks because there's too much demand.
I thought Nintendo was a failing company and nobody cared about what they were selling. Now we're talking about too many people wanting what Nintendo is selling. Make up your mind.
No, my mind is made up. They're not selling a lot of them because they're creating artificial shortages. So, I mean, they could be selling a lot more if they would, you know, do this bullshit, and you wouldn't have also that middle market, but it doesn't make for a good story if stuff's readily available.
Are you perhaps irritated because since you don't get Amiibo, and Amiibo is so popular right now because they're figures or this eBay hysteria or whatever, that the focus is not on games right now, the focus is on these figures.
No, it's gonna be a focus...
I was trying to help you out.
No, no. Here's what it is. They're just going the same route as Activision is with Skylanders, and what it is is it's extremely profitable for them to create these figures. It costs nothing to make that shit. It costs nothing. Nowhere near $12, and they're making a huge profit from it.
So of course they're gonna want that, and they're gonna want to put out as many of those as possible. That's why Skylanders, which is essentially nothing. At one point it was just like a knockoff of the Spyro brand. Now it's spun off into its own thing.
I mean, they're making tons of money off that because people are dumb and will buy every single Skylanders figure that comes out and all the variants and all the other shit.
They literally had, at one time, there was the Skylander that came with basically every single copy of that game. Whether you bought the starter pack or you bought if you already owned it pack or whatever they call that, it was just a different color.
But people bought it. It's literally just a different fucking color than the one you already have.
And people bought it because I don't know why. And this is the same reason with these Amiibos. It's a gold Mario. Who gives a shit? No one's gonna be like, oh my god, you have a gold Mario. That's so exclusive to Walmart.
No one gives a shit. It's just an Amiibo. It's just a little toy. And now they're gonna have the card ones too. Whatever. You know what? I can't tell you how to spend your money. I just don't get it. I think they really need to have some worthwhile reason for this.
It's tricky because actually, Loki, I do agree with you to a point. I really do. To a point. I think you might be a little harsh on it.
It's like the new 3DS. They're like, oh, it's got all these features that we're not utilizing yet. Kind of like that. It's like, well, we promise we'll use it in really cool ways later on.
But there's a lot of people that never got the 3DS XL, so there's a worthy upgrade there. I get it.
That's fine, but they can still get the 3DS XLs now.
Back to Amiibo for a minute. I do kind of agree there's a lot of mentality out there of the, I have this and you don't, nah nah nah nah nah. Like, there's just a lot of that in gaming. You see that everywhere. The whole, like, I've got it and you don't, nah nah nah nah. Like, it's the whole, like, gotta catch them all and everything. That definitely plays a factor to it.
You think Amiibos are bad now. You have no fucking idea. And you think I'm joking. They will put out a Pokemon Amiibo for every goddamn fucking Pokemon that they have.
But, but, but. My mother, bless her heart, her birthday was this week, by the way. Happy birthday, mom. She collects dolls that she sees on QVC. She has a complete collection of Richard Simmons dolls.
Oh my god.
That sell, yes, she has them in a glass case. Jamie's like, what?
I knew I loved your mother for a reason.
You have to have them in a glass case so they don't kill you in the middle of the night when they come alive.
And she also collects the Marie Osmond dolls, which are like a very similar thing that she also has in her glass case and so forth.
So a lot of you are probably sitting here and going, oh my god, Richard Simmons dolls, really? Your mom's a quack and so forth.
I'm just imagining these little porcelain dolls of Richard Simmons.
You know what? Well, they're, they're old people that look like Richard Simmons. That's the whole, it's fascinating. But anyway, I'm not going to get into that.
My point is, why does she buy them? Because she wants to. She wants to have them. She wants that collection. She wants them all in the case.
And you know what? I, for one, the woman, did you Google it?
Yes, I did.
The woman has worked very hard in her life. She raised me, for God's sake. She can have whatever she wants in her glass case.
So if collecting all these amiibo, if going to the store at six o'clock in the morning and camping out and getting that amiibo and being right there and cleaning, if that's what you want,
I am not one to question you on those choices and building up that collection. I'm just going to say, respectfully, not for me. Thank you.
I don't, I don't care that much.
In that case.
And I wish Nintendo would put the dolls on QVC because my mother never had to wait at six a.m. to get a fucking doll.
She could just call QVC and they happily took her money.
If that's the case, then you know what? I just hope, I hope to God that like months now, or months from now, when they haven't still found a real reasonable use for those amiibos, aside from unlocking some shit in a game,
I really hope that you don't have your buyer's remorse at that time and realize, oh, I spent like $400 on these stupid, you know, figurines.
I just hope that's the case because, I don't know, I just, I don't get it.
And I, I, if, if they had a really good use to the, you know, for them, if, you know, aside from just training them for whatever, you know, in Smash Brothers, then I could probably get on board with that.
But it just doesn't, it doesn't seem like they're used for anything.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. We have SHA100Matt, our local comedian, with another question saying, here's a question, what is harder to catch these days, amiibos or llamas?
Again, with the meme jokes for the week.
You know it's easier to catch than amiibos?
Measles because of anti-vaxxers.
I'm like, can we get something worked in there? Okay, I don't know what this is that, that is not.
There's another link that I had above that one because it's actually that doll, that girl doll there.
I found a picture of Richard Simmons like posing with her on the cover of like doll fancy or something.
No, whatever. Okay, that, that second one is definitely not the doll.
Again, Dark Soccer is posting links in our live chat room over at live.vognetwork.com so I apologize. I know it's radio.
Okay, this, this is it. This first one that you linked here.
Like there's like a nun and like this guy just in a raincoat with pink wings or something was one of them.
I'm like, okay, those are actually kind of cute.
See, okay, see the, and sorry, I'm describing this best I can for people listening on the podcast.
There's like an old man here and he has a little tag and it said Nana's Family in the Mama's Family font, by the way.
And it says Richard Simmons. That's how you know it's one of the dolls because it has a little tag on it, a little blue tag that says that.
I don't get it though. It doesn't look like Richard Simmons.
But there is, well, it's not just inspired by him. It's inspired by people in his family.
So they, trust me, they look a little bit like him. They do. They do.
This is just a little, like if you were a wrinkly old man and had, you know, billions of dollars of plastic surgery.
Sadly, Richard Simmons hasn't been seen in a year. He probably is starting to get that way.
Although I hate to think of it.
I think that's what surgery's for.
Well, now all you need to do is stick one of those, you know, those readers on the bottom of that and there you go.
There's your amiibo. It's a Richard Simmons old man amiibo.
By the way, my mother loves Richard Simmons with all her heart and therefore so do I.
So I'm just going to say, don't you fucking come for Richard Simmons.
Hey!
I'm going to wreck you. I'm just going to say that loud and clear. The man is a saint.
Rob.
End of story.
I was actually going to ask you if you wanted me to put together a RuPaul for you.
A what?
I was going to make you your favorite drag queen.
If you could, if you sent me pictures, I could totally make you a ball jointed doll that looks like your favorite drag queen.
My favorite drag queen. I probably amongst all the seasons, one of my very favorites ever was probably, I don't know, probably right now actually at the moment, Alaska.
Alaska was probably my favorite.
There was one that I was-
After all, my Final Fantasy character is Lil Poundcake, so.
There was one though that I was looking at though who is up for like some like board member status for one of the GLBTQA something deal who is a drag queen that goes by, fuck I can't think of the name now, but using his Native American roots for his drag persona.
Hmm.
And I can't remember, but the gorgeous.
Hmm.
And that's Dan.
And your phone just made a level up noise as you were talking about drag queen.
When Dan texts me, it makes level up noise.
Yeah, SSJ reminded me in chat, SSJ100Matt said, Richard Simmons retweeted and favorited one of Rob's tweets. He died that day.
He actually didn't retweet it, but he did respond to it. And yes, that did make my day.
Have you seen the-
You know who I called first thing?
My mother.
Your mom.
You know, actually though, have you seen who I've been in a really random tagging really randomly in a Twitter conversation?
Hmm.
Is Moon Yoon at Zappa.
Me and this other guy were like, I retweeted something that she said about having like a social media thing that was all pictures of your pets.
Hmm.
And then we started talking about making one that was all reaction gifs and you got in on it too.
And you tagged her for this.
So I don't even remember this.
I'm sure that Ms. Zappa is sitting here going, the fuck are these people?
All right, look, we got to take a time, we got to take a time back, a step back to the classic game of the week.
Back when the Zappas were, you know, all the craze actually. No, not that far back.
But we are going to take a step back in gaming's history with a saying that we call the classic game of the week,
where DarkStalker is going to step into the vault and she's going to find a game that she thinks, hey, you all should be playing this game this week.
And you know what? I think this week DarkStalker has picked a game I think a lot of you have played,
but you should probably go back and play it again to remember how awesome the series used to be.
So many feelings.
Me too. We talked about some of these feelings last week.
DarkStalker, what is the classic game of the week?
Mortal Kombat 2.
Mortal Kombat.
Electric Boogaloo?
No.
Mortal Kombat 2, now mind you, I have done the first Mortal Kombat, you know,
but Mortal Kombat 2 has a very special place in the bowels of my bowels.
Bow.
The cockles of the heart. Maybe the liver. Maybe even the colon.
Sorry, I'm just getting some of that tense battle music.
Mortal Kombat 2, when it came out, it was a thing.
Like, a thing capitalized in bold text with that weird MS Word 3D effect and exclamation points.
It was a thing.
Which is probably topical for the day anyway.
So it came out in 1993.
This was actually my senior year of high school.
And it was just a big thing.
It came out on damn near everything too that was available at the time.
But it was the second game in the Mortal Kombat series.
It really added a lot more to the mythology of the game.
It gave us more fatalities.
New characters, which actually had, I was completely addicted to playing as Kitana.
We got Kung Lao Molina, who is actually coming up with a very big role in the current Mortal Kombat game.
And then it had Shao Kahn in there, who I don't believe was playable to begin with.
But now he's like the big bad and you get to play as the previous boss.
It's set in Outworld, so it has a lot more going on in it.
A lot more crazy mysticism.
You know, weird backgrounds.
And microphone destruction.
This is probably, to me, the best, best, best of the entire series.
Just saying.
It also had a spinoff game that came out called Mortal Kombat Shao Lin Monks.
And it was the biggest influence on the 2011 reboot of Mortal Kombat.
It was, all the characters were digitized.
They stopped this, I believe, after Mortal Kombat 3, so Mortal Kombat 3 was the last one to digitize the characters.
It had, you know, really in-depth, you know, high punch, low punch, high kick, low kick.
All kinds of different, neat easter eggs.
You had crouching punch, turnaround kicks.
All kinds of more stuff that was thrown in it.
The whole uppercut, including the toasty that you could get.
And basically, the big thing that was taken out of it, which I thought didn't hurt the game at all, was the test your might thing.
And the point system from the first game.
That was, I was glad to see, gone.
Of course, we had the fatalities.
Every character, I believe, had at least two.
You also had the babalities, where they turned the opponent into the crying baby.
Friendships, which were absolutely freaking hilarious.
I loved...
Friendships were rad.
Oh, yeah.
Like, uh...
Just a little voice.
Friendship, friendship.
Well, I also feel like Molinas was, what, making a cake.
Yeah.
And Johnny Cage was his signature.
And, uh...
Luke Cage's was a disco dance.
This video we have here that we're looking at in the studio is a bunch of kulau doing the fighting.
And I believe he pulls a bunny out of his hat.
Yes.
I believe he does.
Or either that or it was Raiden.
No, Raiden does the rainbow.
Yeah.
Raiden does the rainbow.
Um...
You also have, um, of course...
Oh my god, he just did it in the video.
He did the bunny.
He's cute.
Yeah.
Friendship, friendship.
Friendship, friendship.
Anyway, sorry.
Distracted.
Um, anyway, you also had stage-specific fatalities.
Like, you had, uh, the pit, you had the acid, you had, uh...
You know, you even had the, uh...
What was the, the one for, um...
What was his name?
The guy that would shape-shift.
Shang Tsung.
Shang Tsung, yeah.
Um, you had his Goro Fatality.
Where he would shape-shift into Goro.
Where you had to hold the, was it the low-kick button?
You had to hold it for 40 seconds.
So what we would do is we would just have somebody hold that button for us while we were doing it.
Nice.
So we could see it.
Um, there were a bunch of different beta editions of this, too.
That was the big thing.
Oh yeah, Baraka was in this game, too.
Baraka was cool.
Um...
Baby Baraka.
Baby Baraka.
Um, but anyway, uh, this, uh...
There were so many different, uh, beta versions that were out that you actually found strategy guides being released for the beta editions of these.
You know, when the internet was in its infancy as far as a big source of public information, we had...
We got this shit off BBSs that were connected.
Fuck yeah.
Connected BBS message boards.
So it's like somebody in fucking, uh, Sunnyvale or, you know, wherever the homes were would post on their BBS.
And then like the BBS in Fresno would download from that.
And then the BBS here in Sacramento would download from that.
It's like that's how we got all our fucking moves lists and things.
Crazy.
But, like, it's so crazy because, I mean, we actually started following, like, some of these actors.
Like, have I seen them in other games?
Or are they doing other things?
You know?
Or do they play three people in the same game?
Exactly.
Like, uh, palette-swap people.
Like, uh, you know, just looking at, uh, you know, uh...
Like, the one who played Kitana and Mileena after a while, I think she actually was a...
An actual, legit, um, martial artist.
She was a Cuban lady.
I think a lot of them were.
I think a lot of them, uh, big in Chicago were...
Yeah.
They were based.
Um, but basically, uh, the thing about those beta editions is that the fact that whenever they would put out a tweak to the game...
And see, a lot of the betas on these were mostly East Coast, which is...
That was when I, um, my high school band took a trip up the East Coast to go to New York.
And we got to try...
We ran into at least two different, um, game betas at the time.
Having photocopied BBS printouts of move lists and combo patterns.
And it was back in the day of Kitana's Infinite, where you could do the fly and the fan and the thing over and over again.
I always used to be so good at that.
Um, so yeah, um, in this game we had Baraka, we had Jax, who ended up getting, like, the neck of arms and whatever.
Um, Kitana, we had Kung Lao, we had Mileena, and we also then had the returning characters of Johnny Cage, rest in peace.
Liu Kang, uh, Raiden, uh, Reptile, Scorpion, Shang Tsung, and Sub-Zero.
Um, for the non-playables you had Shao Kahn, and you had, uh, Kentaro, who was actually a stop motion animation while the rest of everybody was ditched.
Um, hidden characters in here were, um, you had Jade, who was a, uh, green palette swap of Kitana and Mileena.
You had Noob Saibot, who was the lost warrior from the first Mortal Kombat game, who, you know, people kept saying,
Oh, he's hidden in the game. Well, they put him in.
Um, and then you had Smoke, who was in gray with the smoke effect.
Um, you, uh, you could not play as Sonya Arcana, although they did, uh, show up in the background.
Was Reptile in two?
Reptile was in two, I believe.
Yeah.
Because Reptile had the acid breath.
Yeah. He did that little forest ball that went, ehh, ehh, ehh, and it would make you, like, fly over, yeah.
And this was also the game that, and actually, I think if you fought Reptile, you fought him in the pit, or one of the guys you fought in the spike pit.
In Mortal Kombat 1, you did. In Mortal Kombat 1, you did.
Yeah.
Uh, but Reptile was just a character like any other in this game.
Yeah.
Um, the other thing, too, is, um, this is the game that gave, uh, gave us, uh, Ermac.
Because it was in the, uh, I actually got to see it, too.
Um, one of the arcade techs at my, um, at the, uh, movie theater I used to go to would, uh, you know, say,
Hey, look, this is where they got the Ermac from, and this is this guy, and this is this guy.
And he's like, I wonder what this is gonna be. I've tried to, to fiddle around with this, and I haven't found anything in the code, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it was just really crazy.
The whole point, though, is that Ed Boom, who was, uh, the lead programmer, said that the big thing was that they wanted to make it look, uh, different than the original Mortal Kombat.
And it has everything in the game that they didn't have time for in the first one.
Um, they said they got new equipment, um, and just everything.
They had actually started working on it while they were still in the middle of the whole mania that was surrounding the first Mortal Kombat.
Um, the actors were actually filmed in, uh, on a gray screen, recorded on a Hi8 camera, and then, um, uh, which then they ended up, uh, upgrading the camera that they were using.
The video capture was computer-processed and rendered, so it was a lot of different stuff like this.
They were even said that they were spray-painted with water to make them look sweaty.
And to, um, and then they actually went and re-edited the sprites that they made from those captures to add shine and add more depth to muscle and everything.
I always thought, especially because we're looking at the video again where he's fighting Liu Kang, and Liu Kang looks especially shiny.
Yeah.
Goro and Kentaro were clay sculptures that were made by a friend of, uh, John Tobias.
Um, and these were, uh, turned into 12-inch latex miniatures for stop-motion filming.
Um, and they had to keep all of the, um, the costumes simple because of things like, uh, what they had to be able to animate.
So they would actually freeze, uh, have them pose in, like, a curled-up position so that if they had to do things like a backflip or something, it was just a stationary pose.
It wasn't, like, a full animation.
Um, and then, um, the memory limitation, um, of the game was why they couldn't include more of the characters from the previous game.
They had to have more palette-swap characters, um, and just had the move lists, you know, set for each character.
Um, the other thing, too, is that they actually, uh, worked on gravity effects for the game.
Um, redid a lot of the music. Basically, they just put- went all out into this.
Um, and there was even a, um, a comic book that came out, um, when the arcade version came out.
It was actually written and done, uh, drawn by Tobias.
I've had a copy of this at one time.
So as far as, um, versions, there's a fucking buttload of them.
Um, there are- there's actually a whole wiki page dedicated to the various versions.
So there was the Sega Genesis, Super Nintendo, Game Boy, Game Gear, Master System, 32X PlayStation,
Sega Saturn, Amiga, DOS, um, later releases under the Midway Arcade Treasures,
and then PSN, Xbox Live Arcade, and Windows editions.
So, trust me, it's not hard to find this.
What I want to find is, um, good, uh, emulators of the, uh, what's the version of the- of the beta versions.
Because the betas, I think, were a little bit more fun to play.
Ooh, I think I have some of those on the cabinet.
Mm-hmm.
Um, now the game, though, was opened up to a ton of controversy, even more than the first window.
So many people were like, ooh, violence and blood and blah blah blah blah blah.
And it was banned in Germany.
Um, it was considered harmful to young persons.
All versions except the Game Boy edition were confiscated for violating German penal code.
Um, the game also came out with green colored blood and black and white fatality sequences in Japan.
Um, which was kind of the opposite of what we would have with games that came out over here from Japan.
Yeah, isn't that the opposite of what happened with Kill Bill?
Yeah.
Well, Kill Bill was still much later, but-
Yeah, I know, but still, it's just interesting.
Um, and this is something, actually, that Boon came out saying that they were glad, you know, that a rating system is actually a good idea.
And they were happy that it existed for the time that Mortal Kombat 2 came out.
It was an M-rated game, so people wouldn't have an issue with it. They knew what they were going into.
Um-
Which is funny, because nowadays if it's an M-rated game, they don't know what they're getting into, for the most part.
And then, uh, Guy Aoki, who was the president of a media action network for Asian Americans, said that it was perpetuating existing stereotypes of Asian martial artists.
Even though, and I will point this out, most of the, uh, cast was Hispanic.
Um, it's just a whole bunch of crap came out, and then there were, you know, it was just so much that went out, and now we sort of look at it and go, oh, oh, oh, laugh about it.
But we still see this happen today.
I think many folks our age certainly remember it was, like, the first Super Nintendo game where Nintendo finally said, all right, you can put blood in the game.
You know, and that's probably thanks to the fact that the ESRB was there now.
Oh my god, this game was great on Super Nintendo.
And Super Nintendo was a great translation, it really was.
But I remember sitting up with my little brothers, uh, because, um, in the arcade, this actually had things hidden in it.
I was gonna say, you are not gonna, you've been talking about this game for almost 15 minutes now, which is fine, it's a game that needs it, but you cannot end this without talking about the hidden game in the game.
You cannot.
After playing 250 consecutive games, um, I believe it would be 250 consecutive victories of, um, this game, you could unlock Pong.
Yes, you can play Pong hidden in this game.
I mean, I'm sorry, it's Midway. Fuck.
So, um, it was just, my brothers and I sat and tried so hard to see if it was there in the Super Nintendo version only to find out that it only let us play 200 matches before it reset the number.
So sad, so sad.
Um, there were, of course, other rumors of unlockable content, like, um, the Nudality, which, of course, wasn't gonna happen, you know, because people can't seem to separate, you know, their libido from a fucking video game.
Um, there was also, um, you know, a few different Torch, there was the Torch thing that was basically a unnamed Liu Kang that was, like, back in the background of one of the pits.
Um, and then they actually brought that out in Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance as a character named Blaze, um, who actually became the final boss of Mortal Kombat Armageddon.
Um, the Animalities, which they, you know, had rumored in this one, they came out in Mortal Kombat 3.
So, uh, there was even that, wasn't the, there was the Mortal Kombat movie, which was good. The second Mortal Kombat movie was crap.
And I don't even think I bared with, bothered, no, I did see the second one in the theater, it was the third one I was forced to watch and wanted that hour and a half of my life back.
It was straight to video, wasn't it? The third one was straight to video, wasn't it?
I think so. Maybe, I don't remember.
Mortal Kombat 2 actually does have an HD remake collection, which is a Mortal Kombat arcade collection.
Um, but yeah, you know, I'm actually really disappointed because this article doesn't have all of the hidden stuff in it.
Um, and then there was the, um, yeah, the other rumor about Scarlet, remember?
Oh yeah.
Which was supposed to be a red palette swap of Mileena, and she ended up being in the 2011 Mortal Kombat.
So, I guess there's all this stuff in there. But yeah, I like how they take the speculations that the fan community has, you know, made or tried to do and like, okay, well, you asked for it.
Thank you for saving us the idea of, you know, trouble, you know, of brainstorming this. Here we go.
So yeah, the game's Mortal Kombat 2.
There it is. As I say, that 16-minute video finished Star Saga. You've been talking about this game a long time. That's alright. You know what? It's a great game.
I have fond, fond memories.
As I'm sure a lot of people do.
Fond, fuzzy, warm, happy memories.
Alright.
Of such a violent, gory game.
But we are going to take a break, guys. When we come back, there's plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come, including the chance for you guys to call in and participate with the show.
Maybe you want to talk to Loki about that whole amiibo thing, or maybe you want to talk about Final Fantasy, especially the Final Fantasy Mexico version, as Darusaku was talking about earlier in the show.
Or...
I do like that title, though. That's awesome.
If you are, you aren't excited for Dragon Quest Heroes. We'll talk about all that and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this March 1st, 2015. Can you believe it's March already? The 589th episode of our show, already in progress.
And before we get to rapid-fire news tonight, let us go to the forum follow-up segment, where we are going to take a post or two from our forums and talk about it.
Actually, there wasn't a lot of activity on the forums this week, and part of that was my bad. I didn't really get around to making any topics to follow up last week's show, because I was doing some other stuff.
But, thankfully, some of y'all remember that you can make topics, and we'll still talk about them on the show if you want to do some extended discussion.
And Flaco Jones made a topic on the forum this week that he calls the Metacritic Danger Zone.
And that was inspired by something we were talking about on last week's show with The Order and the poor Metacritic score that The Order was receiving.
And so Flaco Jones was wondering on the forums, what is your favorite game that scored a 74 or lower, that would be yellow or red,
despite the fact that you think it's plenty awesome anyway? I'm going to be greedy and pick two.
And Flaco Jones picked Beyond Two Souls, which had got a 70 on Metacritic, saying,
And then Flaco Jones mentions Game & Wario for Wii U, which got a 61.
Not a lot of responses in our forums. Maybe you guys want to chime in at our chat room right now over at live.vognole.com.
Since I didn't get to comment on that, I would say probably any of the Earth Defense Force games, because those are all nice in the middle there.
I had picked a few as well. I picked White Knight Chronicles, which I think got a 64 on Metacritic.
But it's a level 5 game, which you know, Fantasy Life, Ni No Kuni. I liked it more than most people did.
I didn't think it was like a plus game, but it was better than a lot of people said it was.
Especially when you consider the sequel was both games, which was a really good value.
And I also picked Every Extend Extra, which was a 74, so it was like right on the border.
But I think Every Extend Extra should have been a game that was in the 90s. It was one of the PSP highlights for me.
And I loved the version they had on Xbox 360 as well, Every Extend Extra Extreme.
So, anyway, thank you Flaco for that topic this week.
And if you want to participate with some follow-up topics from this week's show, forums.vognetwork.com.
Dark Soccer, before I have you do your rapid-fire news stories, any games you can think of that you love that critics did not love?
I can think of a lot of movies I love that critics hate. I like Xanadu.
Yeah, that's true. I can think of a lot of those pretty easy too. It's a little harder with games.
I've liked a few RPGs that got kind of poo-pooed as being too simplistic or too short.
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest? Just kidding.
No. Do Prism, or what do we get it over here? Threads of Fate? I liked that game.
There's been greatly lauded games that I didn't like. So, it's a matter of taste and no critic can tell you what to like.
Don't judge me. I love what I love.
That's right.
They can bite my butt.
Alright, speaking Dark Sakura of you and what's going on, you actually are going to be departing the show a little early tonight because you have some IRL things going on.
Yeah.
So, we're going to let you go ahead and do your rapid-fire news here and then we'll be saying bye to you for the night.
Yeah, too bad. But there are burritos in my future, maybe.
Wait, are you saying burritos are more important than this show?
No, I'm just saying burritos are at least as important as the show.
Mm-hmm.
So, basically there is some news about Street Fighter V that's going to be a PS4 console exclusive, but also have a PC release.
And it's going to have a cross-platform play, but there is a character hinted at that's going to be in here is Nash from Street Fighter Alpha.
Hmm.
So, that's happy.
But they showed off Charlie this week, wasn't it?
Well...
Same. Charlie Nash.
Nash Charlie.
Oh, yeah.
Same character.
I don't think it's a rumor anymore. They had gameplay of him.
Yeah, it's up there. The pictures are out.
Yep.
Now it was in Mexico and they're teasing it as, uh...
No, I can't...
Rolento?
No, not Rolento.
I want Rolento in the game.
Uh...
God.
The master of, uh, was...
Bison.
Bison. Thank you.
I was like, duh.
I can see his face.
I can't think of his name.
The human chin.
Uh, the guy with the cape.
Uh, Superman.
No, no.
No.
As if I do recall correctly, he was in Japan.
He was Vega.
So...
Next in news, we have a Blaze Blue game, but it's a rhythm game, and you can get it now.
It actually is a mobile game called Eat Beat Dead Spikes On.
So I might have to get that just because the name is absolutely hilarious.
And then, last but not least, there is a game jam going on.
A month-long game jam called Jam For Leela that is dealing with trans issues.
So I'm really, really looking forward to what's going to be coming out of this.
There's a visual novel done by Lara Kate Dale from Destructoid.
Lots of other neat stuff to be seen from that one, so I'm really looking forward to it.
It should be almost done.
There are 22 participating games that are available now.
So, that's it.
Leela, if I'm not mistaken, was the teen that took her own life and made the big tumb-
That her parents were being shits over.
Yeah, she made the big Tumblr post about it, and the parents really, really needed education.
To put it lightly.
No, I'm just going to say plainly, her parents had access to the education.
Her parents were shits.
Yeah.
Very deep fundamentalists.
They are...
I don't have a problem with a person being a fundamentalist, but the moment-
They were like the mom and Carrie.
Yeah.
Unfortunately.
The moment that your fundamentalism impacts the life of another person so dramatically
that it drives them to want to die, maybe you should stop and evaluate your beliefs.
Just saying.
Sorry, I didn't mean to take it to a rough place, but I think that shocking news really
rallied people to want to...
In case people might be wondering, why is this important?
Why are we reporting on it?
Because we as a society have a long way to go with trans issues still.
Long way to go.
We're making a lot of progress with gay and lesbian.
We're making progress.
We're not there yet, but we're making a lot of progress.
34 states.
When I've lost count of how many states, that's good.
Even though I-
My home state.
Even though I would like to say-
Alabama.
Even though I would like to say 50 states.
But what happened with Lila regretfully shows we have a long way to go with our trans brothers
and sisters.
So that's why this is important, in case you were wondering.
There actually is a really good Tumblr out there, by the way, for people who are transitioning
or even non-gender associated called Non-Binary Support.
I follow them.
I actually have really good information out, because I've tried to offer up support for
people on that forum when I can.
It's one thing when you are sitting there with a friend of yours who is practically
in tears, because she could have been that person.
It really hits home.
Anyway, to change the topic and move along here, DarkSakura, you are going to be on your
way out.
So let's ask at the end of the show, but I'll ask you now, do you have any final thoughts
for our listeners tonight?
I'm hungry, and I really want to play Twinbee.
Ikuma and I have been chatting about Twinbee.
Well, then you need to get a burrito, and you need to play some Twinbee, but not tonight.
And then I have to go to bed.
You got to go to bed.
Put that on your to-do list for tomorrow.
Tomorrow, work Twinbee.
Basically, my normal shift is like 1130 to 830, and my shift this week is seven to four.
Fun.
And guess whose sleep cycle is going to be completely uprooted and turned on its end?
Well, I'm going to East Coast, so the same thing will happen to me, for what it's worth.
Yeah, but you're not going to be at work.
I'm also seven to four.
Woo!
That's this week, too.
Why don't I sleep anyway?
So that's okay.
No, no, no.
And I'm really not trying to complain.
I love my job.
I just hate waking up early.
Sure.
I understand.
All right, let's go on to some more rapid-fire news.
Have a good night, DarkSakura.
We'll see you in two weeks.
Loki, your rapid-fire news tonight.
Okay, so this is kind of cool.
I'm a pretty big fan of Terry Cavanaugh, and they've got a brand new game that he's making.
Hopefully, it's uber hard as well.
It's called Grab Them by the Eyes, and it's basically you play a street food vendor named
Jay who must resort to buying an endless wave of ever flashier signs in order to attract
attention for your business.
That sounds hilarious.
I guess they're saying that it's almost like a card game.
And the signs have various texts, colors, borders, and effects, and each of those elements
contribute to some number of customers to the day's totals.
So, I do want to check this out.
Not sure when it's supposed to be released, though, but it looks pretty awesome.
It's on the web, right?
Oh, it is on its website.
I think it's already there.
Oh, I thought it was something he was selling.
No.
Okay, well, yeah.
Go check it out, then.
And don't forget about the sequel, Grab Them by the Ass.
Weren't you leaving?
Yeah.
He's a talented guy.
Yes, there you go.
I'll play just because he's eating on it.
Okay, you can check it out.
terrycavanaghames.com slash grabthembytheeyes slash grabthembytheeyes is all one word.
Awesome.
That's awesome.
Bye.
That sounds like a premise of a funny cartoon, so I'd be down with that.
And then, you know, one of the things that people kind of hated about Resident Evil Revelations 2
was the fact that, you know, the PC version got released, and then they're all,
oh, hey, by the way, there's some features that we cut out, but we didn't tell you about that until after the game was released.
One of those features was local co-op, and thanks to modders,
and this is sad that we live in a day and age now where companies can't fix their games,
but modders have to fix them for them.
They've added a mod to actually allow for split-stream co-op.
The only thing is right now is it's not part of the raid mode.
It's just in the local story mode, and also apparently you have to use game pads,
but that's still pretty cool, and I guess they're still working on that.
If you want to check it out, you can actually go find it in the Steam community forums for the game.
And then lastly, Payday 2 is getting a cool cameo character for their game,
including Jacket from Hotline Miami 2,
and you're going to be able to, by purchasing the game on Steam,
you'll be able to unlock stuff in Payday 2, including the Jacket character,
also, you know, themed masks and weapons, so that's pretty sweet.
Will it have the sweet music?
I don't know if it will have the sweet music, hopefully, because that would be pretty sweet.
I really need to go back and play that game. I have it on a bunch of different platforms.
Right, before the sequel's out.
I know, I need to. I'll make that a point this week to go play that game.
That and Civ 5, because I have it installed on my system now.
Nice. You've got to get to Beyond Earth, too, because Sid Meier's Starships got dated.
It's like the week after next, or something like that?
It's only $14.99, so it must be kind of a scaled-down game, but I'm excited to check it out, that's for sure.
Yeah, you can check that out. It's a pretty awesome pre-order bonus, I guess, if you have both of those games.
All right, moving on with some other news that I have for you guys,
including some updates with Forza Horizon 2.
There's going to be a standalone expansion called Forza Horizon 2 Presents Fast and Furious.
Could that have anything to do with the new movie coming out pretty soon? Probably.
But the expansion will be free from March 27th through April 10th.
I like free.
Well, motivation to be an Xbox owner now, too.
And it's standalone.
Yes, it is. It will cost $10 after that, just so you know.
But once you download it during the free period, you still have it free of charge.
Ludicrous will be arriving in the game with that.
Well, also, too, even if you have an Xbox 360, but say you don't have an Xbox One,
you can always download that online, and then you still have it in your library,
because that's what I've done with all the Xbox Live game with gold games, even though I don't have an Xbox One yet.
Also, Shovel Knight will be coming out on PlayStation 4, Vita, and PlayStation 3.
We knew that this was coming from, I think, the PlayStation Experience,
is when they announced that Shovel Knight will make its way over there.
But now we have a date. April 21st is the date. PlayStation Plus members will be able to pick this game up for $13.49,
a little discount there, $15 after that.
There will be a boss battle with Kratos in the game, so a lot of people will be checking it out for that fact alone,
and to be able to play with that pretty awesome PlayStation 4 controller.
Another game I have owned, but I haven't played yet.
Shame, shame.
Damn it.
All right.
I was almost going to buy more games this week, too, for no apparent reason.
And get this, a Sega Capcom crossover comic, Worlds Unite.
That's right, Archie Comics creating Worlds Unite, and it's a crossover between Sega and Capcom,
and lots of characters, including some we haven't seen in a very long time.
And Mega Man, which...
Mega Man, for one.
Ironically, you know.
Get this, though, from Sega, Billy Hatcher, Alex Kidd.
It's pretty rad.
Knights from Capcom, Nina from Breath of Fire, Viewtiful Joe, we miss him.
That's what I'm saying.
You get a fighting game that has these characters all together, and you release it on consoles.
People buy the shit out of it.
Sadly, it is a comic, not a game.
I understand that.
I know, I'm just saying.
It should be a game, right?
Why not?
Why not?
It's way more interesting than any of the Sonic games that they've put out recently.
Well, they had that Sonic Mega Man crossover a while back.
I mean, let's do something with that.
I mean, come on.
Alright, let's get into the Fugu Question of the Week.
Every week, we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities, and we read some
of our favorite answers here on the show.
Alright, for tonight's Fugu Question of the Week, we asked you guys about this whole Guitar
Hero rock band situation.
What do you think of the news?
Guitar Hero may be on its way back from a long sleep this year.
Do you think the revival of these plastic instrument franchises is a good thing, or
are they better left in our memory?
We had a few people answer over on Facebook, so let me read some of those answers here.
Fifth Dream saying,
Well, that seems as good of a reason as any, right?
It has been several years.
If you think about it, you know, there's maybe like 20-year-olds that were only like 14 when
this game was last running.
I know.
This is awesome that music games are coming back, Konami.
Ed S. replies and says,
Well, let's, I, we got to place a phone call and see if that's going to happen.
Let's hope so.
Let's hope so.
I sure hope so.
I'd love to go to that again.
It was a great cause.
Well, at the very least, they have new DLCs.
I mean, that's something.
That's something.
Andy R. saying,
They do it in a way that doesn't kill the genre.
DJ Rama S. says,
Ooh.
I have a really, let me, remind me to tell you my crazy tinfoil hat thought after.
Okay.
Ursa being Slurpee said, but DJ Rama just totally made a spark go off in my head.
Ursa being Slurpee replied and said,
Well, that's, that's a really good way of looking at it.
That's a great way to say I'm not a fan, but for those that are, have at it.
Bryce H. says,
I think it's great they're coming back.
I can't tell you how many times I heard a new song on the radio and thought to myself,
man, this would be fun to play on Guitar Hero or a rock band.
So I'm super excited about this news.
RageNator says,
Rene A. replied and said,
I think this could be a good thing, but I'm hoping there will be more variety in the songs available from a variety of genres.
And SHO and Hunter Matt on Facebook says,
We're going to go over to Google Plus as well and check out the answers over there.
Although I think we just had a couple of answers because it's not quite as trafficked on Google Plus.
Regretfully for Google and Act Def saying on Google.
As long as they don't oversaturate the market like they did last gen, I don't mind.
Of course, I'm probably going to give my support to Harmonix rather than Activision on this one.
And lastly, Retertainment says,
The reason the plastic music genre collapsed wasn't because of an oversaturation of games.
It was because of an oversaturation of expensive, incompatible plastic instruments.
If they can do something to address that, I'd love to see these games make a comeback.
All right. I mentioned tinfoil hat. You ready?
So there was a word in Rama's post, something that also has changed in the past six years or so since the last time we saw these games.
That's not just social. Mobile. Mobile.
Now, thinking about the Jackbox games and even like SingStar, what do they allow you to do?
Use your mobile phone as the controller.
They don't sell SingStar microphones anymore.
Well, they might, but SingStar has an app on the iPhone that you use.
It kind of works just for, you know, like a microphone and stuff.
I'm not sure if that would be, I mean, that'd be cool for the microphone part.
But wasn't there singing in Rock Band?
There was.
Wasn't part of the problem about all the harmony and everything? It was like, God, I don't have enough microphones.
Imagine if now your cellular phone can be a microphone and it'll be like, bang, one plastic instrument solved right there.
So you don't even have to buy an instrument. If all you want to do is sing, you can just buy the base game and use your mobile phone.
Assuming, of course, that you have a mobile phone.
But it's safe to say that enough people do that they could probably get away with that.
Just throwing it out there. And then, I don't know what kind of instrument you could have on mobile. Maybe a...
Well, I'm not even worried about that so much because they've got...
I don't know, like a frickin' mambo.
It won't work very well, yeah, as far as like instruments on mobile.
It really won't.
So, I mean, I don't know. Any instruments on mobile, aside from singing, we're getting into Wii Music territory there.
It's not where you want to go with that.
Oh, God. I wonder, I gotta ask if Bobby's still listening. Bobby, how would you feel if the entire drum kit was available on an iPad where you could just play with your fingers?
Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat.
Would that kind of, would that be something you'd be excited about? And I ask this to all the drummers out there.
Would you be excited about that or would that make you kind of twitch? Like, no, please don't.
Because that's the only other thing I could see on mobile is pat, pat, pat drumming.
He's sitting pretty nice because he has a MIDI set and so all he has to do is just wait for them to, you know, put on an updated MIDI controller or that.
But, you know, whereas I have console exclusive peripherals, that's not so good.
There it is. Alright, some folks in chat wanting Accordion Hero, Weird Al Accordion Hero.
Give love for a Weird Al exclusive version. Like, give him, give Weird Al the Beatles treatment.
BobbyBlackWolf in chat says, no. I can just imagine that little JPEG with Grumpy Cat, no.
But then again, ReRave was kind of fun. So, trying to see the silver lining in my crazy tinfoil hat thought there.
Alright, there you go. There's the Fugu question of the week. Let's get back into some more news. Loki.
With that kind of reminded me, is anyone still giving a shit about Fantasia?
Yeah, I think it came out and people didn't like it enough.
I know, but that's it. It came out and that's the last I remember of it.
Well, that's what usually happens with video games, Loki.
Is there like any DLC for it? I mean, are they supporting it? It's like kind of, you know, I don't know.
It kind of just dropped off the face of you.
I think I remember stories about DLC. I think there has been DLC for that game.
It's just probably, you know, with the Xbox having distanced itself from Kinect,
and the Kinect being very important to the experience of Fantasia,
I think unfortunately, and we all knew this was going to happen, it kind of muted Fantasia's arrival a little bit.
That doesn't make the game any worse.
True.
And Bobby BlackWolf saying, I enjoyed Fantasia and they released DLC songs and DLC remixes.
So, they did extend that a little bit.
Alright. There you go.
Anyways, games with gold. So, for March, they got actually a pretty decent lineup.
If you have an Xbox One, your game of the month is going to be Rayman Legends, which is pretty sweet.
And iDARV, if you haven't picked that up already, so please do.
Also, up until the 15th for Xbox 360, you'll be able to download Tomb Raider.
And then, starting on March 16th, Bioshock Infinite.
So, I'd say overall, that's a pretty solid month.
So, check those out.
Ironically, though, we're already in March and we still haven't heard of the lineup for PlayStation Plus.
That's kind of a head scratcher right there.
Yeah, a little bit.
So, I'm kind of curious to see what's going to go on there.
What games are we getting?
Yeah, you've got to wonder if they're going to pull some big rabbit out of the hat.
Like, Drive Club! Fucking finally!
Or Knack.
I mean, they're practically leaving that way already.
I mean, I don't know.
I could see that.
Yeah, I was talking about this the other day with Flaco Jones.
Like, what could the games be?
And I was kind of saying, you know, this is probably the month we finally get Knack.
We all know it's coming.
Knack is going to be coming, yeah.
It's a matter of time.
I can't think of whatever, like, really...
I don't know, unless we start getting into Angry Birds or something like that.
You know, like, a really shitty PS4 game.
Like, a game that had no business being on PlayStation 4 type of thing.
Yeah.
Drive Club at some point soon.
Maybe now's the time for Drive Club.
Maybe. Maybe they just don't want to promise it until they're, like, absolutely sure those network issues are not going to fuck everything up.
Because, I mean, the retail release of that game got so screwed.
But this is a chance to reboot it, in a way, you know?
Get people excited about it. Who knows?
Yeah.
Alright, well, I mentioned earlier in the show that this game is showing some really strong legs through its DLC.
And that is Hyrule Warriors on the Wii U.
I got to admit, you know, when it first came out, I was kind of like, eh, there's a lot of other games I want to play right now.
This is kind of going to slip by.
But the more and more stuff that keeps happening in this game, and the way they've really given this game legs...
Because I sort of thought Nintendo would kind of just let it go.
But they really haven't. They've been supporting it.
And here we go again.
Ganon got his own separate mode coming into the game.
It's releasing March 12th in North America.
And it's part of the season pass for the game, or you can get it by itself for $3.
It's part of the Boss Pack DLC.
But this is what's also awesome about it, is that apparently, in this pack, a giant chicken.
It's Pojo all over again!
The Quokko you can actually play in that game.
There's a boss rush mode.
So if you want to do that, you can do that.
And then a free game update coming as well that will address load times.
Raise the level cap to 255.
And have the apothecary carry mixtures that cause the weak point gauge to deplete more quickly.
Increase attacks against giant bosses, and absorb magic from bosses.
I've got to say, that game is really turning out to be a lot better than I thought it was going to be.
I mean, I thought it was going to be okay.
But actually, they're supporting it quite well.
Now you know Bobby's jumping in here with a jab at you, Loki.
I thought Nintendo didn't understand modern gaming and were dying and can't be sustained.
Yeah, but this is Koei that's developing this game, not Nintendo.
Alright.
That's a little bit different. They understand DLC in their games a little more than Nintendo.
Anyhow, you know what, I'm sure a lot of it too is to keep the Zelda hype going for Majora's Mask on 3DS.
And then of course the big Zelda Wii U, which will be a definite head spinner this holiday season, I'm sure.
Let's see, Dark Sakura was going to talk about this, but I guess I'm going to talk about it instead.
It had to do a Mortal Kombat as well, which her class game of the week of course was Mortal Kombat.
But as you know, Mortal Kombat X is on the way out.
Brutalities were revealed for the game. There's supposed to be a whole lot of them.
And then another new trailer came out that shows some new characters, including Mileena.
Yay, one of my favorites. I love Mileena.
I think Mileena is supposed to be the main boss of the game now.
Oh, interesting.
Based on what the trailer was.
That's the story trailer.
Yeah, and I was like, there's a story?
Also revealed in the trailer, daughter of Jax, Jacqueline Briggs, son of Kenshi and Kung Jin, descendant of Kung Lao, Takashi Takeda.
Now I don't know if, I didn't catch if these characters were playable or if they are just part of the story.
I guess they are. They are showing on a confirmed playable list.
Jacqueline Briggs is there, Takashi Takeda and Kung Jin are all on that list.
So I guess that is pretty cool. I guess they are playable, after all.
So that's kind of cool. That's going to be a lot, a lot of characters in the game.
The only one that's not on the playable list is Mileena.
So maybe you're right in the whole, like, she's the big, big boss or something.
So she's not in the playable list.
It's kind of weird. You'd think they would be like some new person.
Yeah. So there you go. Some updates there with Mortal Kombat X.
Which, although it may be a bit too violent for me, I'll probably have to check it out anyway.
I think I'm going to end up buying it anyway. I have a week.
I want to know what the bonus characters are going to be.
Is what I want to know. What are we looking at as DLC characters?
Because that would be kind of interesting.
Can we get Deadpool?
Maybe. Ash from Evil Dead is a lot of the rumors.
I hope so.
Or Jason would make a lot of sense after Freddy. Who knows?
That would be pretty sweet. I don't know.
Alright. So there was a Sonic 3D title that never came out.
It was teased at E3 way back.
But now, thanks to some fans of Sonic, they have made it possible to play said game because they've ported it over to PC.
And this is Sonic Extreme. It was originally supposed to be a Saturn game.
It never was finished, but now it's playable on PC.
And it kind of reminds me of, like, Gex, but, you know, Sonic.
And it's really weird. I mean, even in the trailer that they had for the E3, the actual official trailer, and then the PC trailer, they have the rings there, but it doesn't look like he's collecting them.
He's just, like, going right through them.
Now he just swings from them, or he just kind of, you know...
He just clips right through them.
Because of reasons.
I don't know. It looks okay, I guess.
I don't know. It kind of looks like a lot of the Saturn games did back then.
Just very, you know, depth 3D type stuff in there, and not so...
Kind of like 3D platforming, I guess.
But you can check that out, and I'm trying to see where you can find it.
Hackers gonna hack, but in this case...
Or modders gonna mod, or whatever the case may be.
But in this case, to allow us all to play a game that we may never have played otherwise, right?
Yeah, you can check it out. The Sonic Retro forums had links to the game, so you can check that out there.
Still better than probably the last Sonic game that they put out.
Still better than Sonic Boom.
Still better than that.
At least his proportions look correct in this picture, as opposed to Lanky Legs Sonic there.
Alright, well, Disney is at work on a new game for the Wii U.
A character artist and 3D artist shared images of a Disney project that she was working on for the Wii U.
They're medieval fantasy characters.
These characters were shown with permission by Carrie Mail.
Actually showed off these images.
We just don't really know exactly what it's all about.
What this medieval fantasy game could be, because it doesn't tie into an existing Disney franchise.
Or at least it sure doesn't look like it.
So, Disney is at work with something for the Wii U that's in a medieval fantasy setting that doesn't tie into one of their existing properties, it appears.
Who knows?
So, that's really all I got.
Tron medieval.
Tron medieval.
Remember, they said that there's a new Tron game coming out. What was it that one artist says?
I will point out though, these drawings, they're nice. They're very good looking.
But they're perfect for little figurines, don't you think?
Do you think that's something that Disney might be double dipping in?
A Disney Infinity RPG type thing.
Oh no, why even be tied to Disney Infinity? A completely separate character collection game.
At least Disney can print all the toys to me to hand.
You know what, and to be fair, Disney actually, as far as from what I remember dealing with Activision and Disney,
when you buy figures from Activision, they're all fucking randomly assorted.
So, forget it. Oh, I'm out of X figure. Well, fuck you, you're gonna get random figures until you get whatever you want.
Whereas Disney, it's like, oh hey, we need more Mickey. Okay, cool, we can order some more Mickey.
You know, instead of, fuck you, you're gonna have to order some random assortments until you maybe get Mickey or not.
Yeah, that's kind of Activision's take on the whole thing.
I'm laughing because Dark Tetsuya is accusing me of baiting you. Maybe a little.
Hitstun in chat says, EpicMickey3? Doesn't really...
Nah, it doesn't look like anything Mickey.
I mean, anything's possible, but it doesn't... I kind of feel like EpicMickey's kind of done for after the second game as well.
Yeah, I don't think...
Anything's possible, anything's possible.
Alright, anyhow, let's go to the mailbag because every week you guys send us emails and we take a moment to read them here on the program.
participate at orange laundry calm is the place to send those emails and we will read our favorites here on the air we have two emails to read tonight obviously with our soccer not here somebody's got to fill in
so I volunteer as tribute first email tonight from entertainment who says howdy I'm curious as to why sky reacted so negatively the Loki's thought from last week that Nintendo would sell the amiibo trading cards in a blind pack sky's reaction struck me as weird given that it's already common practice for trading card companies to sell their cards in blind packs go down to your local place that sells trading cards assuming you can find such an establishment and you can find row after row of trading cards in blind packs from many different companies across many different media properties
ranging from sports to TV shows to whatever the fuck Duck Dynasty is also well before we get to the second half of the email let me let me take a minute to respond to the first half here's the difference in my opinion with the trading card packs and those types of games you're talking about that's that's all of it that's the whole niche behind it like a game like Magic the Gathering that you know some cards are going to be rarer than others and that maintains the balance of the game right but with amiibo you want a
certain character because that's the character you want to level in the game and I just I don't know I kind of feel like you know when you own the base game itself you can play pretty much any character you want granted there are a few unlocks but anybody can unlock those the same way so therefore there's not that same rarity level
whereas if you have these blind packs then I worry you are going to have some of that rarity level and it would be imagine how frickin frustrating it would be to buy a blind pack and then get a card from Mario now not that Mario is a bad character or whatever but the Mario amiibo is not hard to find if you want Mario or link gee Nintendo doesn't seem to have a problem making enough of those to go around for the most part
but do you see the difference there the rarity factor kind of comes into play I feel like in the trading cards you're talking about that's the entire game whereas these are enhancements to an existing game that's the difference to me I hope that makes sense I mean I just if I'm going to go out and buy one of these cards or whatever I want the one I want I'm not fucking gambling to get Ness who I want or something like that does that make sense
Alright second half of the email from Entertainment
fire emblem look it up also I I think I just I'm not okay with that whole like imbalance and rarity and now you're talking about kids too I don't know I don't know again when that is the game it's kind of a different thing but when it's a accessory to an existing game I think it's different I don't know
well they have been doesn't that's how they do with Disney infinity and I don't like it there either just to be clear and I haven't bought a one so I'm just just at least I'm consistent right so I don't like it there either in Disney infinity so alright moving on let's see going to the next email which I just closed the freaking meal bag this is why Jamie handles it people this is why I don't do it
alright hello can I do this here while I put the email bag help me out here Loki alright well let's talk about how much I hate me both some more no I I just it's cool they're collectible figures but it's not what they're selling them as oh we're good alright anyway second email
from Martin from Belgium if I'm not mistaken who says hello olr hope y'all are doing well I had issues getting my gamepad to work with the game grow home it took 1.5 hours a bunch of driver reinstalls in a shady exe file but eventually it worked this kind of stuff makes me realize PC gaming is never going to be as mainstream as consoles are or some things will seriously need to change I've been a PC gamer for 16 years or so and it has been like this as long as I can remember nothing ever changed
just works do you think the steam boxes are a viable solution to this problem of standardization let's stop and answer that question do you think the steam boxes are a viable method that standardization I think that's part of what they want to accomplish but remember there's not just one steam box there's many different steam boxes and if I'm not mistaken the way things were when we last heard of them they were a little on the pricey side too so I
don't even know if they're still coming out with them yeah it seems odd we haven't heard anything about it in a while huh yeah I would think GDC a good time to hear about that um so I'm gonna actually say no but what's interesting is that some of these VR headsets we're hearing about coming out I think are an attempt to kind of standardize that even though everybody has their own well I think there is still some there is some standardization with you know gamepads now it seems like everything works with the Xbox 360 controller true and even with like
steam you know like big picture mode and stuff I think that they have stuff that kind of have some sort of broad controller support and I know with their steam controller that that's something that's going to eventually happen as well so maybe they're moving towards I think that's one of the things that with consoles you have a lot more restrictions as far as okay your game must be able to support these you know controllers a hundred percent and I guess more of it's like testing I think you know and how do you not
test your game like grow home or something with controllers and not have that work like right from the get go I don't know if this is like a new controller that you're using now or if this is something that worked on other games but for some reason this game is giving you shit it could very well be a bug in the very like in a version of the game because you know I had that with one of the was it I am bread or something like that is early access and they had some controller support issues so then they fix it
moving on with the email or is streaming gaming the future where the firepower is in the cloud and we play on any device connected to the internet
I once again you know even like the amiibos and other technology that they're really pushing you know for the use of I need to see a good example of what this means to me as far as like really good gameplay because you know how they had Titanfall I want to see what the difference was Titanfall without cloud support and Titanfall with cloud support I mean why it seemed like you know to me I didn't notice anything like whoa this is so much better than if it weren't always connected online
I sort of think lag is going to be an issue for a very very very long time until they can really you know minimalize that to you know such a negligible amount that games will still flow very easy I think streaming gaming will grow more and more and we're going to see more and more of it in the coming years but I don't see it 100% taking over because I just feel like there's always going to be that lag issue otherwise and some games won't work period
some games will some games won't it's getting better but it's not 100% so my problem also too is like aside from like Titanfall you know some of these other games that have said oh we need the cloud for X and you know Y reasons like Sim City and then you find out oh no they really didn't need that that's just an excuse so that you could be connected online and like another form of DRM and that's like and then when you break trust like that like gamers are gonna think you're full of shit for years to come that takes a long time to erase you know
yeah so anyhow also Martin continues saying I'm from Belgium boobies are not that big a deal here but they are still awesome I want to say we talked about this in last week's episode I don't remember what the frickin topic was but we mentioned how nudity is not a big deal in other countries but here it's like oh my god you can't show that on television
Martin also says we have amazing chocolate and I will send you some if you want I know the guys at giantbomb.com get mailed stuff from fans all the time and I think you guys deserve something as well well thank you very much what do they got that we don't got here at Orange Toms Radio
bomb money I appreciate that I appreciate well soon we'll have we'll have chocolate that'd be awesome access to packs yeah fuck you you are such a little shit alright you know what Bobby gets free reign tonight to just razz every little thing that comes out of your mouth alright Martin continues if you give me an address I will send you some but I understand
if you don't want to give your address to random strangers on the internet no problem I'm gonna email you Loki's address alright keep up I don't mind getting random things but then then here's here's my problem is that Nellie will be like somebody sent me chocolate the problem you just have to send boring chocolate if it's fancy chocolate if it's like milk chocolate oh she's in touch in that or white chocolate that might as well be like kryptonite she's like forget it
we'll get you an address off air Martin I really really appreciate that that's awesome s 200 Matt suggesting set up a vog p.o. box for all of the candy see like I'm like I'm actually thinking like okay maybe we should just get a little p.o. box like how expensive can it be like even actually vog network has an address but Bobby will get the chocolate if you send it there and I can't have that so I need the chocolate the vog West Office
yeah we need a we need a post office box from fog West or something I don't know actually I gotta say this there's been a lot of you guys out there very kind to offer like some folks like can I send you something can I send money which is always like wow like people would actually like pay us to do this stuff I've given thought to the whole like should we do a Kickstarter should we do a patreon type of thing but I have some reservations for one with Kickstarter
I don't ever want to give the perception that you need $30,000 to do a podcast because you don't if you have a desire to do it and you're willing to use some secondhand tools and maybe not sound optimal but work towards that as you progress with your new hobby I think you should be able to do that so I just I'm not comfortable with the idea of Kickstarter patreon
I'm iffy on it I understand some other shows do it and this is a decision shows have to make for themselves my only concern with something like patreon is a they get a slice of the money when whenever you do something like that and I think there's a lot of pressure in the patreon kind of community to like well if you're donated to this why aren't you donated me as well this as well and this and that but that like a lot of them like well if you donate to us and you get exclusive content and they
ever make exactly and I kind of want to just focus on this three-hour show that we're doing so that's why I'm kind of like I don't know how I feel about that and just the fact that you know we do this for fun and we do this you know because you guys show up and participate and send us emails and offer to send us chocolate and things like that like that's that's our motivation like don't get me wrong money would help because we do pay out-of-pocket like you know it does cost money to run the
VoG network server but you know what when all is said and done it's about as much money as it is if I were to go join a bowling league or you know something that would be fun for me to do once a week right you know everybody's got their hobby that they pay money for so you know I don't know we're thinking about we're thinking about it we'll see what we come up with in the coming weeks I'm hoping sooner rather than later we will have
merchandise available via VoG network.com I don't think I'm like ruining any surprises saying this I mean it's a very logical route to take where we'll have like t-shirts buttons stickers those sorts of things available where you know if you're a fan of the show you can buy those to not only support the show but then you're getting something in return and it's tangible and you have it and you know that's what you're getting and you can use it to help spread the word as we say at the end of every show so that's that's more the
idea that I would lean towards right now all right anyhow keep up the great show it's nice to be able to participate all the best and Martin from Belgium clarifying yes it is pronounced more or less like Martin although saying that to Jamie and sadly I'm not Jamie but I'm sure she's happy that you thought of her anyway there it is the mailbag participate at orange laundry.com if you would like to send us an email for a future week
let's get to the FUs of the week every week we get a little bit angsty on this show why well because I guess we have anger issues I don't know I don't know what to tell you
well if you want to start a few to restaurant store hours I I don't understand what it is about like all these really good restaurants or places that I want to eat at having limited hours on Sundays I mean
or even just being close I don't get it like I wanted to get we went to the place yesterday and they make fucking awesome cheese steaks and garlic fries they're literally the best garlic fries I've ever had and I can just eat a ton of them and I wanted to go there but they close at three fucking o'clock and I just can't make it over there in time to get food or Nippon which is a local teriyaki place they close at fucking four o'clock every day I can't
stop on my way home from work to get food because they're fucking closed they used to be open to eight o'clock but now they're closed at four for some damn reason and they're not open on Sunday so what the hell people come on people need to eat on Sundays as well
all right my a few of the week I'm gonna keep it pretty simple because there's been a lot of good stuff going on so I can't be upset but my a few of the week we go to crisis sees that show up crisis is that show up at four o'clock on a Friday afternoon that shit has to stop on a Friday afternoon I don't need everything burning down OMG WTF BBQ like that is when I'm slipping into weekend mode I don't want to deal with crisis at four o'clock on a Friday can we not have that happen anymore
thank you just a couple more news stories for you guys and then we're gonna open up the skype line for your calls 1877 game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio but first Loki so there's a brand new kickstarter for another franchise you may remember and coming from human nature studios toe jamming Earl back in the groove it's a brand new toe jamming Earl game with kind of this they're calling it a retro comic book style
yeah retro comic style I don't know they're looking for $400,000 and they were almost reached the halfway point already with 25 days left to go I gotta be honest I don't like the art so I think it's really fucking ugly but whatever it's kind of a cross between like a Saturday morning like
comic like a lot of the characters are all 2d but it's like in this 3d environment that really does clashes with everything else and that's just kind of my problem there but a toe jamming Earl so if you're a toe jamming Earl fan maybe you want to you know back that they're gonna have four player co-op it's gonna be on PC Windows Mac and Linux and they're looking at consoles as well one of the cool things about those are gonna lie to kind of chat with each
other so you can actually you know type messages whatever you want to each other as you're playing the game I don't know it's interesting I guess if you want to copy the game's gonna cost you 15 bucks and you also get your name in the credits hmm what do you think about a toe
jamming Earl reboot the iron was hot on that a long time ago it's his past a lot here's my problem okay and I understand this is probably early in development stuff but I gotta be honest that it just does not look good like I like like if you if you're gonna stick with it do either like the comic book style and leave like the rest alone or like you know do it all the same style or just don't do it at all cuz they like
they have all the sprites in our 2d but it's like 2d and like a 3d world so it looks really strange it looks like they're billboard it is what they call it I guess and it's not that doesn't look it looks really weird it looks like a cheap ripoff but but maybe if
whatever money they can make something that looks better you know see I I'm all for it I think a cartoon style like all done in that style without the you know kind of shaded background would look fine but
I don't know we'll see I hope it ends up working out because I know even though there's you know some well-known franchises that do kick stars and stuff sometimes they ran into problems and I would not like to see this be one of those
alright well our last story tonight has to do with a different type of video game and this is one I know I've talked about on OLR before but Alan and I play a game together that Google is kind of the head of one of their side companies Niantic Labs runs a game called Ingress and I noticed Google's been pushing Ingress more and more lately they have like YouTube commercials
it's actually like an AR game well sorta I don't know it's a game you play in the real world but it's so it's like GPS but like okay let me you know how there's a park not far from the house right without telling all the listeners where I live yeah that's pretty general there's a park not far from the house right okay so the sign that says welcome to that park is what is known as a portal and so if you're walking around on your iPhone or your Android device obviously because it's a
Google game that was on Android first and they brought it over to iOS if I'm in front of that sign or within about a good probably 25 meters from that sign so not a huge distance but close enough I can hack that portal and hacking that portal will give me items which I can then use to build on new portals or destroy portals because there's a player versus player element to this you have the blue team which is the team you don't want to play on the bad people I'm just kidding
there's gonna be resistance players listening who are gonna be like shut up and then the gold team no no it's blue and green actually so I play on the green side which is the enlightened there's this whole backstory behind it about how there's exotic matter out there and the enlightened want to use it to progress humanity and so forth but the resistance
so how do you hack these portals do you push a button that says hack yes you push a button that says hack but you can also hold the button down and then do a mini game called glyph hacking where you get shown different glyphs and you trace them and you get more stuff think okay you know how like foursquare was supposed to be a fucking game when it came out and it wasn't it's just like oh check into places this is an actual game and I see that judgey look you're giving me right now hold on I'll tell you what people get like really into this game
I can see that they people get really into this game and they there's these big events that they will have locally and so I've been able to go to one but they had a huge event here in Sacramento where people are kept coming up from LA and the Bay Area and it just happened to be on a weekend where I was traveling so I couldn't do it but they have these big events and so on you know it is a Google sponsored game but you know people get super into these games and it gets me up and moving Loki that's the important part
so like I will actually go down and walk to the park so when some Smurf that's what we call the blue players when some Smurf comes over and decides to stomp the park and be like fuck that shit I'm gonna walk over there and take my shit back so it gets me up and moving and walking so and now and the reason why I bring this up is because the creators of Ingress and Google are actually going to be incorporating this into that's right the Android Wear Watch
so the Android Watch will allow you to play Ingress so and they're showing some concept things about this where on the watch if you walk near a portal on the watch you could actually do the hacking of the portal and I'm assuming you could also do some of the attacking I don't that mobile interface is gonna be really weird to use and probably a little slow but the fact that you know you don't even need to whip your phone out you can be very subtle and hacking portals as you go by
that's pretty cool there and I know there'll be some local players who are really into that
did I mention by the way Loki you can do missions as well that's a new thing they put in the game so like because a lot of the portals are like historic landmarks or places of public interest so people will create missions
like one that I did in Seattle was around the Science Center where you know you go to the Space Needle and hack the Space Needle then you go to EMP and hack the EMP and so it like gets you exploring all these places to make sure you've seen everything there like that kind of thing so it's kind of cool I like it
okay don't judge me and soon I'll be able to do it from my watch if I were to get an Android watch although I'm not really planning on getting the watch
anyway act deft in our chat room says Smurfs and Green Giants actually they call us frogs well we call ourselves frogs and we call the people we call the people leveling we call people leveling tadpoles so there's that
Black Wolf in chat says I installed Ingress and joined the green team correct you made the correct choice Rama's also team enlightened Hitstun says oh shit we might need to go turn Boston green wow you all made good choices in the chat room
no I know there are olr listeners who are resistance who I'm sure who I am sure are fuming right now let's not forget though at the end of the day if there wasn't an opponent in the game there would be no game to play so get it and part of the reason we joined enlightened here inside well actually I just joined it because it was green but part of the reason we stick with it and don't flip is because green is like really the underdogs here in sac like blue really dominates this town like you go to Folsom
it's all fucking blue over there you go to Roseville it's all fucking blue over there and now and I actually kind of like being on the underdog team it's kind of fun so you know even though we never win actually we did win last cycle so it happens what okay go to what go to spot and push button
whoo you are in the back of the plan man whoo push the button trace the line whoo it's odd it sounds so amazing to some stupid shit too don't even fucking sit here judge my life choices Loki I just okay it's such a dick I just don't all right call in and tell Loki he's a dick one eight seven seven game olr or a username on Skype is orange
lounge radio if you want to give us a call we can talk about ingress or you talk about anything else we can talk about any of the other stories we've talked about on the show so far tonight or perhaps we missed something that you want to talk about we can do all that right now on our Skype line one eight seven seven game olr or username on Skype orange lounge radio that's all one word Loki I don't know if you have any last minute stories I was just gonna say that looks like they've decided to ban some of the costumes from
dead or alive five for fighting game tournaments because they're too risque would you have a call coming in so let's get to it hello you're on orange lounge radio who's this hey this act-def hey act-def how you doing hey pretty fun pretty fine despite the rain oh is it raining where you are yeah pretty that's pretty much all day it was supposed to rain here but it kind of didn't for whatever reason it's a little bit disappointing so hold on I'll show Loki something okay Loki see
there's my anger scanner and see right now some jerk Smurf drew a field over the house I didn't even talk about that you link portals together and the goals to draw triangles or field and the more population that you control in the field is basically like how the scoring works so some jerk Smurf drew a field right over the house so you can see we're sitting in a yucky pool of potty water right now which the blue there but over here this is some of the stuff that Alan and I did over here at the park we made a little green field cute huh
yes I'm not even getting paid by Google to pimp this shit see if I do this anymore we're not you know I wasn't to ingress once and I played it a bit a little but I can easily see Loki getting into it no really unfortunately you're wrong I can't get into because my phone
wouldn't probably it does murder your phone is a piece of shit I mean like a 2.3 genderbread so it yeah any phone can run it you know what Loki would probably sign up for ingress and he would do the exact same dick thing that Shane did and that is sign up for the blue team because he knows I'm
on he'd be like oh you told me that the blue guys are the winners in this town I'm signing up with them fuck y'all all right anyway sorry I didn't mean to derail but now I would not do that because that's it's no it's just I know I know all right anyway what did you want to talk about that well things to talk about
there's the amiibo thing there's also the there was another thing I wanted to talk about but but mostly the one of the forum threads you read about at the beginning of part B the Metacritic thing yes about the topic that Flacco had started about what game did you love that all the critics were like eh
yeah basically and it's not necessarily that I that I have some games that critics dashed and I love it's more like the general public that that they go for a score basically and and it's if it's not above 80 they'll pretty much dismiss it and it's really really sad especially
when sites go well when they rate their games from one to 10 no it's a 70 should be a good game not not even on decent level it should be a good game you know what I actually like I really agree with you on this and this is why you're actually seeing a lot of pushback on a lot of these review sites and now you have you know joystick before they closed came out and said we're not going to do scores anymore because we don't want to contribute to that kind of culture essentially I mean their their explanation was a lot longer but Eurogamer
which is historically been very harsh and a lot of their game reviews and and goes against the grain a lot of the times they have now removed scores from their reviews as well and so you see a lot of sites that kind of don't want to be associated with that Metacritic culture and that that number it's just a number at the end of the day right
um we have vog network we decided to go with letter grades because we felt it spoke a language where C meant average middle of the pack meant average right whereas what you're saying is is absolutely right why we didn't go with a number system at vog 5 out of 10 people aren't going to see that as average they're going to see it as bad so we wanted a system where the middle was average so that's why we ultimately went with letter grades over at vog network but then Metacritic for example I gave Pokemon shuffle which I reviewed this week at vog network
dot com I gave that a C minus I believe Metacritic would just turn that into a 70 for me you know what I mean yeah whereas I'm kind of like well wait a minute a C's really a 50 but because you know what I mean it's like it's not read that way so it's just it's weird
yeah it's definitely weird and especially speaking of Pokemon shuffle and and I gave a review of response for it I noticed that and I pretty much agreed on most of it but it's not a bad game it's it's it has its flaws and it's not definitely a great game to play but it's good it's a great pass time to pass the time
that's where I was kind of out with it is that I have my big time problems with it but you know what for the time that you can play it free it's a it's a cute little time waster so I kind of placed it near the middle of the pack because that's how I felt about it you know
yeah the grade that was given by you and by me also it's pretty much an average score so it's it's around the middle it's not that bad it's not great but it's decent definitely and there are a lot of games like that that they're not they're not bad I consider a bad game a game that it's not playable that it's difficult and you cannot progress basically
so I those are the things I consider for a bad game a really bad game yeah there are there are bad games in the sense that okay that it has its bugs it has things that pretty much do interfere with the game right by well I can give the example of like this is great unity that it can flood but the game was at least somewhat playable and it probably was good for the most of it
one other thing I wanted to say about Metacritic is that I notice a lot of like publishers tie bonuses to Metacritic scores we've heard about that happening in the industry and I think that's kind of I mean like exactly what you're talking about where it's like you know 80 is that hard line where it's like that could be the difference between you get a Christmas bonus and you don't get a Christmas bonus and that's so sketchy to me you know what I mean
yeah definitely it's it's definitely a big problem and with all the industry that yeah you have to pretty much do that to to progress and well you know
well any other thoughts on your mind before we let you go tonight another thought yeah amiibos are good what what drive well let me ask you quickly if you can summarize quickly what drives you to collect amiibos what are Loki and I missing from this amiibo craze
I could really try to explain it but I collect them because I like them they look great I even despite the not so great functionality they have outside Smash Brothers I still like to collect them they're pretty cool figurines but if you don't
well in my perspective I'm a big collector I have talked about my collection of like Pokemon my Final Fantasy stuff my music and all that stuff but that's because I am a collector if you're not a collector you probably won't get it so that's pretty much it I'm collecting because for the sake of collecting there are even people that don't take the amiibo out of the box they collect them they have all the 29
amiibo so far that have been released and all in the box they do not use them so yeah it's pretty much for the sake of collecting and I'm pretty much on that boat too fair enough fair enough well I'm gonna let you go act F because our phones are like lighting up on fire so I gotta get to another call but take care okay hey thanks for having me hey thank you take care we have a lot of calls coming in tonight so let me try to get to another one here right now hi you're an orange launch radio who's this I'm calling to defend myself
hi Shane welcome to the show where your ears burning no I heard you slander me what call what did I say in particular I mean I slander you a lot so what was it in particular that you took offense to that I joined the blue team on that dumb game because you joined the green first of all you know me and everybody else does it's blue that is what I'm gonna pick secondly it's just a bonus that it screws you over
you didn't even I a I might I point out I didn't even know that you downloaded ingress until I was driving by like one of the local portals one day and I was like wait a minute Shane a link goes on this portal is the enemy that little bastard pretty much where the game is crappy anyway like it is really dumb and not fun so so you're on you're on team Loki with that one oh yeah yeah totally that is just like a really stupid game
you're both wrong but that's every gamer has a voice even when they're wrong it's fine you know what and I'm not one to judge since I haven't played it but based on that plane I think it looks really dumb maybe it'd be more fun if when you did the hacking stuff you went beep boop bop beep that's the only way I could see it being more I will do that sometime or maybe if it worked with a Power Rangers toy or something oh yeah then I'd be all for it what if it was just called Power Ranger portal game I would play the crap out of it
you have very easy to like you know get my attention grabbed by something stupid and then that's all I'll focus on all right well there you have it you've defended yourself here on the show was there anything else that we've talked about that you wanted to that you took issue with I wasn't listening that much that I could comment on anything else or anything else that you talked about trying playing Final Fantasy right now too no I I wanted to give a shout out to that
crappy that's actually a good dating sim though that any person should play if they I guess have the money to buy it or just randomly download it at some point and find it on their computer like I did and what game is that that's coming out on top it's a dating sin that's kind of horny but come on if you have a computer you seem porn so it's not that big a deal and actually I think it kind of detracts from the game but it's really like funny and well written and it was written by a woman and it's all about
gay guys so that was interesting to me why and what what what kind of sets it apart from maybe other I don't know I don't know if you've played a lot of dating since I've never except I heard people kind of consider persona one but I don't see that me because I didn't date anybody in person before but I don't know it doesn't have pigeons or whatever so it's not like that other dating sin but I like that what is it about like it just has good gameplay or the story
I think the writing is just like point and click and choose this choice and manage your event calendar type thing I just thought it was pretty funny like I didn't know that those games would be funny they're like super serious and people would like I don't know fantasize about the characters and make pillows out of them or something maybe they do I don't know I think they do this game I think has a bit of a fan following I think it was all through a Kickstarter campaign
I want to say I remember when it was a Kickstarter campaign oh well I don't know I know it's getting DLC which is weird but mmm I people should play it if they have an interest in that sort of stuff I guess people want more of a variety and in what porny scenes they can end up in well that's that's the weird part of the game like I don't necessarily condone that part it's very awkwardly placed sometimes like oh you had a crush on this guy forever and he liked you too
now he's tied up to bed and you have to pick how you're gonna have sex with him it's like you could ride him or you could get inside him or you can you can get make him give you a blowjob or you can get okay Shane I think we've heard enough about this then you don't have to finish you can pick the other options you can choose to finish or go back to the other ones that you didn't pick yet and go through those ones too
oh my god all right well I've heard plenty enough about this game and I will certainly check it out because there's more it's like financing you can do bukkake you know what look at the time we gotta let you go and our phone lines are lighting up but have a good one Shane okay bye bye
alright he just he just wanted to dirty up the show all right well we got another person on the line so let's get to it like Rama says in the chatroom over at live.com well okay accurate right all right hi you're on orange launch radio who's this yeah what's up this guy you know hey guys you know what's on your mind not much first before I get into I just want to recommend to games for it to you yeah but before I get into that I just want to say that I'm also
an amiibo collector but I'm not because they look great I actually don't think they're a good-looking whatever you want to call them action figure toy whatever I have Kirby there's some little distortion in the back it looks like it kind of looks like you know when you were when you were a kid and you put the quarter into the machine you get those little eggs that you got to twist off and pop them open to get the prize that's what Kirby looks like is it really cheaply made you know everybody knows about how every character that has a sword the sword is all bent up and
screwed up and um a lot of them don't have a lot of really great detail in them that's why they're $12.99 you know but um I basically collect them because I play Smash Brothers and um I get a lot of fun out of my amiibo with Smash Brothers I don't know what they're gonna do later I'm not really into just putting my amiibo onto my controller just so I could get an outfit or something like that I think that's stupid but um as far as what they do for Smash Brothers it's a lot of fun and I'm hoping that when Mario Party comes out they're gonna do something similar to what they do with
Smash Brothers maybe not train them but I know one of the big uh one of the big problems for people with Mario Party is uh Mario Party was never online right I never played any of the Mario Party games but they're they're not online connected right I don't think so I gotta I'm not really having to rack my brain here and I think I think the main problem was you know it's a Mario Party so you know it's one of those games where you know it depends on a group of people playing and I think a lot of people since uh you know um they don't
have a lot of people over because you know not everyone's in the video games it's really hard to get uh you know your friends into video games um I think that's one of the main reasons why people kind of maybe didn't buy the game or kind of hesitated on buying the game just for the simple fact that they didn't have that party over at their house so maybe these amiibos are going to replace that and you actually have like uh some decent AI to play with when you play Mario Party
um I understood the amiibo is unlocked to seek a special mode in Mario Party that you can only get like if you have the amiibo so that's what people are I guess uh at least probably going to get that bundle that has Mario in it for so
in the gold mario there's a um there's a gold mario in mario golf so that's where the gold guy came from but anyway I wanted to recommend um I I can't believe I'm recommending this because I hate I don't really like app games I don't like the pay to play type games I don't like platformers this game has everything in it that I hate but for some reason I love it and that game is uh king of thieves I think it's only exclusive to the android devices right now okay but it's a lot of fun like it's uh it's a combination
of uh super meat boy meets uh you remember that game uh n plus you ever played that yeah yeah yeah it has a little bit of n plus in it's on tower defense it's really cool like you start out as like this little thief character and um you have to infiltrate uh dungeons to steal people's gold and the people's gold that you're stealing are actually real players who are also playing the game and they can also break into your dungeon and steal your gold that's when you have to set up your traps was what's really cool about the game is the fact that um
you can't just uh you know you would think that if somebody has to set up a trap they're gonna set up like this impossible trap for you to get through the game doesn't allow you to create that trap unless you're able to beat the dungeon yourself so you actually have to beat your dungeon two times in a row before you're able to save it and allow someone else to play it which I think is like one of the best features what's this called again uh king of thieves hmm it's a lot of fun it's made by the uh people that may cut the rope but it's totally different from cut the rope because I can't stand cut the rope um but yeah it's a totally different game
from that and I mean there's just there's so much more to it but I know you only have a little bit of time so I'm not gonna get into all that but but I will try again it is on iOS I just uh grabbed it yeah it is great man and you can you can start guilds like when you get to a certain level you can have like guilds and you can have your uh friends help you to steal your shit back when somebody rips you off because like you know a lot of people will start getting in your shit and like stealing everything and then you got to get it back from them it's a lot of fun second game is uh the town of Salem that's like a
web browser game and you're talking about um the resistance earlier that's like one of my favorite
card games and I love the werewolf card game yeah and um uh town of Salem is just like that it's
basically uh before we had werewolf werewolf is a game that's based off of another game called
mafia yeah I know mafia yep yeah so um the town of Salem is basically mafia like there's a mafia team
in the game I think there's actually a werewolf at some point in the game but I don't think I play
with the rules say that but um mafia and werewolf combined yeah yeah yeah it's mafia werewolf the
sailing were trials all that stuff combined into one game there's a serial killer in there it's
just a lot of fun it's like you know one of those social production games you just have to find out
who's going around killing everyone and you know you get your special role like uh there's a spy
role a detective role uh doctor role it's just a lot of fun it's a simple web browser game
and uh you I think I think the longest I ever played was like 15 minutes so it's not one of
those games that you really have to invest a lot of time in and you know just uh a lot of fun too
two fun games and they're completely free uh I will say uh the resistance is a lot of fun but uh
since you've played it a lot uh what's your strategy when you're a spy how do you how do
you throw people off your trail oh I just uh pretty much what I try to do I try to uh
do all my damage when I'm the the team captain you know I try to go for that and then I then I
start to try to put you know like you don't you don't put your spy mates on the team right away
like the the first mission that you do like when have you ever become the team leader
you send all the good people on the mission yeah let them succeed and then they're gonna trust you
and then by the next time you get around or if they get around to somebody else on your team
that person will like select you and you know they'll trust you more and they'll put you on
the team and that's when you can sabotage stuff you know how I won the first game is I got put
on the very first mission and I let it succeed and I got put on the second mission as well because of
that and I let that succeed as well and I could see the other spy was looking at me going like
you just gave them two and they only need three to win and I was like you know I got this I got this
sure enough they put me on every single other mission in the game and I failed them all
yeah yeah that was a lot of fun thank you it's also uh you mentioned werewolf but uh um to me
it's more of like a streamlined uh version of uh the battle star galactic game you gotta try that
I mean that's a heavy duty board game but um if you ever meet anyone that has that game you gotta
try but I mean it it literally takes like two hours to finish that game but um time yeah just
fun stuff all right board games are fun try them they are fun guys you know I'm gonna let you go
so we can wrap up the show but thanks for your call buddy no problem take care all right I think
that is going to do it for another episode of orange lounge radio I'm sorry we our phones
were lighting up tonight so I'm really sorry to those of you that didn't get through please
consider uh leaving a message on our forums over at forums.vognetwork.com or you can also send us
an email participate at orange lounge radio.com uh tweet at us uh whatever you want to do to uh get
a hold of us uh for a future show we uh want to get as many of you on here as we can sadly we
can't always get you all on on the phone um loki any other last minute stories before we wrap up
tonight uh all right they have a really nice humble bundle right now yeah I noticed that
there's the square enix one still going right and then they have like the japanese centric
like companies making one right it's like their weekly bundle right oh I don't know I was looking
at that yet oh you didn't yeah look at the weekly bundles pretty good um yeah uh-oh uh-oh the steam
problem is just gonna get worse now oh look at the tail yeah yeah all right yeah you're welcome
all right well some some charities getting more money thanks to loki hey it's the least I can do
for all that shit you gave one of my favorite games earlier in the show all right uh that all
being said it is time to wrap up another episode of orange launch right now I want to thank you
guys for tuning in and listening to our show tonight and uh staying with us for the whole
three plus hours of it um you guys you know we talked about like money and giving stuff to the
show earlier you guys are really the reason the motivation we keep doing this all we ask
tell a friend or two about the show help spread the word about orange launch radio because you
know we've been around for like 13 years and not a lot of people know about us which you know we're
very happy with the small family we have because when you get too big that's when like the real
dickheads show up so we want more cool people like you that are all here listening to us
so tell your friends about the show but if you can't do that leave a nice five-star review um on
itunes stitcher radio all that stuff goes an awful long way in helping and we really appreciate
those of you that do that and help the show out every week um again we will not be here next week
as i will be at pax east if you happen to be at pax east as well maybe you're listening to this
as you're traveling on the way there please say hi come up say hello at the show i promise um i
won't bite uh unless you're the resistance then i will bite no i'm just kidding i'm totally kidding
i'll shake your hand anyway um and uh yeah i hope you all that are going to pax have a great time
i hope you guys going to gdc have a fantastic time that is also this week as well uh so i'm
sure there's going to be lots of news to talk about in two weeks we are back on march 15th
time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts uh dark soccer has already left we
talked to her earlier loki it's your turn what's your final thought for the night
uh we're more of a game this week um i know last week i meant to get some levels done but my i've
been mainly working on because one of the things i hated was that um the curves are hard to get up
on a game because the car is really small um so i've been putting these what i'm calling
curb ramps in the game so now everything all the curves are kind of have a 45 degree slope on it
so you just you just drive right into them and it goes it makes it a lot more fun so that's what
i've been working on i'm just about done with it i have them all in the game except that the model
two more that are for some really like um unique pieces and then and then i had to figure out what
level two is going to be i i've been trying to come up with some ideas but i have a bunch of
ideas that aren't good for level two but later on it's just i had to get the right one that's the
least amount of crazy before i get into the crazy stuff so um it's just hard picking one that's
simple enough for the first real stage that you play all right and my final thought for the night
is uh sj100 matt reminded me of this so i'll say this is my final thought there is a packs east
thread on our forums uh so if you want to uh try to meet up with us uh post in the thread and that
you're going that's over at forums.vognetwork.com uh if you want to uh meet up at packs east um so
i look forward to the show and having a good time there and meeting some of you uh have a great week
everybody be safe if you are traveling this week uh and have a wonderful two weeks we'll see you
back in two weeks to do it all over again here at orange lounge radio thank you so much everybody
have a great night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production
of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
