Wow, so this entire time the microphones have been silenced because I'm a moron.
Everybody probably left.
No, the entire time those mics have been silenced.
Whoops.
Hurry up.
Okay, anyway, if you're still with us, which I hope you are, I want to give a quick update for the OLR USL.
This is really under sedations thing.
We don't really do anything but make fun of it.
Top 25 games ever or the March Madness or if you want to say like January Madness.
I don't know what you want to call it.
Madness.
Yeah, it's just madness.
This is madness!
Alright.
Anyhow, this is the top 25.
Let me get my theme music again.
As it stands today, this is the top 25 list of games of all time.
25, Super GT, 24, Mega Man 9, this is based on your votes, 23, Time Crisis, 22, Bionic Commando Rearmed, 21, Gradius, 20, Ace Attorney, 19, Daytona USA, 18, Beatmania 2DX, 17, Street Fighter 2, 16, La Mulana, you know that was Dark Tetsuya, 15, Power of Paradise, 14, Final Fantasy V, 13, Final Fantasy VII,
12 Castlevania Symphony of the Night, 11 Poppin' Music, 10 Super Mario 3, 9 Tetris Attack, 8 Rock Band, 7 Tetris, 6 DDR, 5 Final Fantasy 6, 4 Super Metroid, 3 A Link to the Past, 2 Ocarina of Time, 1 Chrono Trigger.
Where is Portal?
Now, if you think that this list is bullshit, which apparently DarkSakura does, you should send in your list of the top 25 games ever to uslmadness at gmail.com.
That's U-S-L-M-A-D-N-E-S-S at gmail.com.
Madness.
Send in your list and you can rectify this terrible list if you need to.
Rectify.
Rectify.
All right.
I'm just kidding.
It's actually not that bad so far.
Just needs a little tinkering.
Needs some older games in there.
Needs a good potty.
But I haven't sent my list yet.
They need to take Chrono Trigger and Super Metroid off because those games suck.
Those games both suck.
Both games suck really bad.
Like your mom.
Alright.
Anyhow.
They need to put more Wii music on there.
Yes, I'm getting to the Forge game music.
I gotta load it.
Thank you guys for staying with us up on this very late hour here on Orange Laundry throughout all our technical difficulties and all that stuff.
Shut up.
What?
Do you want to introduce the cookie tonight?
Cookie!
My favorite Christmas memory when I was growing up was the... Oh, God bless you little pixies.
was the Alvin and the Chipmunks Christmas song.
By the way, we can't pay for the rights for this.
This will not make it on the album.
So you'll be able to go, oh, I heard bits that aren't even on the fucking CD, man.
That's how fucking cool I am.
They didn't cut that thing out.
When I was growing up, my favorite Christmas memory was the album and the Chipmunks album, because we had it on LP.
And you know what I'm talking about?
Remember that song?
The little Chipmunks are singing it, and then there's that guy Dave going, all right now, Chipmunks, let's all...
My brother and I had that on an LP, so what we would do is we would play that on the slowest speed possible on the record player.
So then it sounded like four normal monotone guys just singing this boring Christmas song.
And then this demon from like the ninth level of traitors and murderers just screaming at them.
and then it just it was so different it was like Christmas Christmas time is here time for toys and time for cheer
Theodora, Alvin,
Okay.
That actually was kind of funny.
I lulled.
All right.
Bye, guys.
Thank you guys for tuning in and staying with us up very late here on this Sunday evening.
Hey, stay tuned to All Games Radio.
Plenty more great programming for you all week long.
Until next Sunday, we'll see you.
Thank you for watching!
