Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Wonky
Tonight, Tekken 6 gets a date, Rock Band is set to go a little bit country, and is Cooking Mama taking up a new hobby?
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that video game show dedicated to all things video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
Ah! Ah! Ah! You're back, welcome back!
I am! Alright! And what an amazing two weeks off it's been! I know, don't rub it in! Not really!
You've had all this time off, no I'm just kidding. We are a little late tonight in starting the show, this won't affect anybody listening to this on the podcast
Except for the fact that the podcast has been going up extremely late lately. That's because we're all pregnant.
But no, we're not all pregnant!
Let me introduce Tech Master Loki, who I hope is not pregnant, Jesus. Are you pregnant, Loki?
No, I am not.
Welcome Tech Master Loki. We're starting a little late tonight, 7 o'clock Pacific, just because there's personal life things going on that have to, real life, greater than gaming
Rob has PMS
Yes, I have PMS, and I'm having a baby.
Alright, also say hello to a special guest we have here tonight, Jamie has brought one of her friends here to giggle with us tonight on the show
Say hello to Becky!
Greetings.
Hello, do you have an online name you use, Becky, that you want people to call you?
Uh, Beckers.
Beckers! I like that. Beckers! It makes me think of Beckum.
Alright, Beckers. Anyhow...
Yeah, but he married a hoochie.
Posh Spice is pretty hot.
It's a hoochie!
Anyway, Beckers!
Her boobs don't move!
Beckers, what type of video games do you enjoy? Do you play a lot of video games? What do you like?
Really only Rock Band and Karaoke Revolution.
The hell else do you need right about now?
I have really bad tinnitus, so if I try to hold controllers, badness ensues, and then I cry.
You know what though? Nothing wrong with the music game love. We love music games here at Orange Mountains Radio. It's our roots.
So we'll definitely be talking more about Rock Band later on. We've got some stories tonight about Rock Band.
Before we get there, we've got to talk about our gaming week. So let's talk about a dark soccer. How was your gaming week?
I refuse.
Refuse?
I'm kidding.
How dare you refuse?
I played some Rock Band. I've been playing Castlevania Order of Ecclesia, and I'm very pissed off at it right now, so I took a break.
Because it's fucking hard!
Yeah, it is. I had the same problem.
I'm going to actually go back and re-level just on that first thing, just because. It's such a pain in the butt. And I got Animal Crossing, and I have been beating my animals with a bug net.
Awesome.
But I accidentally stole my shovel, and stupid Nook, that butthead, won't get anyone in.
You know, I was telling Nelly because there's this one stupid rabbit in her town named Francine.
I know which one that is!
Yes, that she absolutely hates. I said that we have to form a hit squad, and just have everybody with bug nets all of a sudden chase her down, like get her trapped in one of those pitfalls, and just all four people hitting her at the same time.
That would be hilarious.
Do you know who fucking showed up in my village?
Who?
Pearl. I hate her. She's a little cat that looks like, oh god, she looks like she has like burn scars all over her face.
Guess who's in my village?
Wolfgang.
He's fucking awesome.
I can't believe we're having this discussion about a game made for 12 year olds.
Guess what? I got a buddy in my town.
I want the lesbian to move back into my town.
What was her name? Was that Barbara? No, Barbara was a sheep.
She was a duck, I think, and had gym equipment in her house, so we put rainbow signs outside of her house.
And she was our, we put all kinds of happy signs and sent her letters, and the bitch moved out.
Was it Pauline Hall?
If that is not, you know, you think you know somebody, and you move in after a month.
No, it wasn't Pauline Hall.
I'm sorry, that's, you know, she just got pissy and moved out.
She probably moved in with her girlfriend after the second date, like most lesbians.
That's what I was thinking, she moved out of my village, because I got boring and wouldn't, you know, send her any more letters or peaches.
And she moved out, bitch.
Lesbians are so needy.
Anyhow.
Dan's been playing Need for Speed Undercover, and I've been mocking him, because it's fun and easy.
And then, even though it's not a video game, I've been watching a lot of Supernatural, which is more fun.
Because I got to watch Jensen Ackles naked.
Well, not completely.
Not completely, but it was a lot more exciting than playing Animal Crossing.
Remind me, this is a show geared towards 16-year-old girls?
Hell no!
It's geared towards me.
It's on the CW.
We forgive it.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was alright.
I watched my wife play a lot of Animal Crossing, because I'm not allowed near it, I guess.
It's because you're going to go around and make all of your villagers say nasty things.
No, she's already done that.
She already has the Genji, the Asian-looking rabbit, saying, you are my best rubber.
And there was a bunch of stuff that she's done.
She harasses her animals quite a bit.
Dude, do you know that now it censors things? Like, you can't just have your animals say fuck.
And I tried to get mine to say poop, and it wouldn't say it. It said, that word is not allowed.
I have to tell you, though.
So now he says poop.
There was a version that got out that was supposed to be some kind of ad.
They used all the foreign letters that look like other letters.
They used the accents.
No, this is different.
The version that went out to give into a selected group as a marketing tool?
Yeah, it was exactly that. It was using those other letters.
But one of the animals defaulted, their little catch word was the N word.
But the way they got around it was they put N and then an I with an accent.
Well, no, it was someone who was one of the programmers.
I know, I know.
Or they probably copied something to test it.
They copied a ROM with someone that had already played it and unlocked all the stuff.
That's what it was. But yeah, they, I don't know.
Should maybe look at that first, you know? Do a little testing.
But you know they can't make it to level 30 because the boss doesn't show up.
Someone's getting fired.
Anyways, so other than watching my wife play Animal Crossing, I was playing Grand Theft Auto IV on the 360.
Still doing multiplayer and that, and that's fun.
And then I decided to try out the PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV, which, you know, actually looks pretty good.
I've heard a lot of people having trouble getting it to run, and I don't understand what they're doing that's making it not run.
Maybe it's because my monitor resolution only goes up to 1440 by 900.
I'm not sure, but, or 1400 by 900, not 1440.
But it runs pretty good for me. You know, 40, 50 frames per second, and I have a lot of sliders put up all the way.
Although I don't like the fact that this brand new game does not support SLI, so that's kind of a waste.
And it's got to be patched in later on.
You know, absolute laziness, just to get it out.
But as far as any, you know, I mean, it looks good, it runs pretty good, but it's just Grand Theft Auto IV.
After playing it for a little bit, you know, kind of starting a new game in there, I was like, wow, this is boring.
You know, I've already done all this.
But it looks nice. That's pretty cool. Just waiting for all the mods and stuff to come out.
And then, other than that, I actually played some Mirror's Edge, and that was a pretty cool game, and I look forward to playing more of that.
Kind of a controversial game, that Mirror's Edge. What do you think?
It's fun. It's hard. You know, very, very hard. You'll fall off the building a lot.
But I think people are pissed off because it's, you know, short.
And, you know, sure, I guess it doesn't innovate much, but the way I look at it is, is it fun? Yes.
So then what are you complaining about?
But, yeah, I'll have to play some more of that. I hear it is really short. In fact, I believe, what was it?
Yahtzee had reviewed it this week, and, man, said he beat it in a day, so it'll be interesting to see how long it takes me to finish it.
Then I've got a bunch of other games on my plate. In fact, I got another one this week, which I haven't even touched yet, Prince of Persia, so that looks pretty fun, too.
Well, lots of stuff.
Alright, good times. Well, my gaming week's been Animal Crossing. I finally, you know, a couple weeks ago, I think I mentioned Animal Crossing, but didn't really get too far into it.
I really spent some serious time with Animal Crossing on the Wii this week, and you know what?
As much as we're joking around and kind of talking about reliving the thrill of the GameCube version all over again, I have a real hard time recommending this game overall.
Because it's just not enough new for me, and I kind of feel like there's Animal Crossing on the GameCube out there for much cheaper, and you almost get more in it.
But there are some cool things in this game. The problem with this game is it feels like it's just a port of the DS version with a couple extra frills, and it just kind of leaves an Animal Crossing fan really wanting more.
I think they should have taken more risks with this game than they did, although I will say the internet functionality works pretty cool.
They have worked Wii Connect 24 into it a little bit, so you don't really have to go to somebody's village to send letters and things of that nature, which is an improvement over the DS version.
But is that really worth the whole new upgrade? Not so much.
And the city is a neat idea, but I think as it brought up on the show a couple weeks ago, it makes you kind of miss it when it would randomly show up in your village.
And they still do randomly show up in your village, actually, but then that also begs the point, what the hell is the city for? I mean, it doesn't really do a whole lot.
The city is for getting all of your special characters who only would randomly show up. This is so you can have the convenience of having them all the damn time.
Yeah, I think that's stupid. It takes away the special part of it.
No way. You still get presents floating on balloons, and you still get Gulliver showing up.
Wild World didn't really hold me all that well, but this one, I'm really digging it.
You know, it's weird. I kind of feel the same way. The DS one got old really fast, but for some reason I have been actually going back to the Wii one to kind of see if there's new stuff, but it's weird.
Like, I say all this, yet I can't in good conscience really recommend this game. You have to really be hardcore about these types of games to get a thrill out of this.
You have to really be an Animal Crossing fan, of which I was. But I'm still left wanting more.
For me, it's my sit down for an hour and relax. Seriously.
I got wow. But I, you know...
Addict?
Addict? Yeah, but still. So, I guess that's pretty much all I have to say about Animal Crossing. There's not a lot more I can say about it.
As far as other new games I've been playing, not a whole lot. Just basically still been using the Xbox 360 for Netflix.
I finally dinged level 80 in World of Warcraft. Thank you very much. Kiss my feet.
Or tell me to get a life, one of the two. But that's been fun.
And the consensus overall amongst at least my guild, which is a casual raiding guild. We were never very hardcore about the endgame.
It's all the people from Final Fantasy XI still. A lot of the same people that were there moved over here. Even Glenn and some of these people from old school.
That would be the turkey coma.
But yeah, it's been a lot of fun. We're raiding guild. The general consensus is this expansion is better than the last one.
The stuff they did with it is much better. I love the music.
Are there any new classes? Like new races or anything?
Death Knight is pretty awesome.
Maybe I might have to start playing it again.
You have to have a level 55 character though to do a Death Knight. Because Death Knight is what they call a hero class.
But they did a great job with it. The voices and stuff, they took the old voices and they made them sound echoey and powerful when your Death Knight talks.
And it's very sexy.
Rob, can you help me power level?
I can try. I have a level 20-something priest.
I've also been playing Ragnarok and you can play that with me.
We'll see. I've got a lot of games to play.
I can get you to level 100 in two hours. I'm not joking.
Speaking of pirate servers, there used to be a bunch for a while. Blizzard went on a huge crackdown this week on the private servers to shut them all down.
Oh yeah, a bunch of the huge ones got shut down.
Some comments from chat room. ActDeft in chat says, Sky, your voice like that? Not sexy.
I know, you have to have the bassiness and the vocally echo that you can only really do with a computer.
But I gotta say this, the Lich King sounds awesome.
And one cool thing that they did with this new expansion is that the Lich King shows up in the earlier content so that it really builds up to this confrontation that you're going to have with Lich King.
It's not even in the damn game yet.
Because he'll be the last boss they patch in six months from now.
So they make it more like a conventional RPG? Is that it?
Yeah, you actually see him. They did a much better job with this expansion. I think they learned a lot from the last one.
See, that's the one thing I would really like to see in an MMO is that they have it function like an actual RPG where you have to do point A to point B.
Where your quests are not just, oh look, this person has question mark over his head and I want money.
They're getting better with that. The chain quests, the story is getting better. The lore fans are really enjoying their wow this time around.
If that's the case, because honestly, part of the reason why I like Ragnarok so much is that it's just random. It's very social for me.
And I didn't really enjoy actually playing World of Warcraft because it got really dull.
You might also be on the wrong server. You should try a roleplay server on WoW. You might have fun.
I was on a roleplay server actually and I didn't. No one stays in character. It's annoying. I just rather hang out with everybody.
When you finally get the battle and defeat the Lich King, he'll be all, I have one last thing to say. Don't forget Guitar Hero 5 pre-orders and blah blah blah.
And Starcraft 2 is right around the corner.
Shut up. You forgot Diablo 3.
Oh, and Diablo 3. Warcraft 4.
I like how you tried to do your lazy bass echo.
Your Lich King sounds like a drunken asshole.
Hey, how much have you really gotten to know the Lich King yet?
Yes, DJ Tyrant hit the nail on the head. The last expansion had nothing like Wrathgate.
He says Wrathgate is one of the absolutely best questlines of all time. In-game cutscenes for the win.
They have cutscenes in the quest this time and they're epic. Epic cutscenes are very epic.
And Wrathgate was hot. Everybody in our guild, because we're all WoW nerds, was having a gigantic orgasm over the Wrathgate questline because it was awesome.
See, that sounds like it would be more fun to me just having actual story to follow.
I don't want to spoil what happens in Wrathgate, but it's pretty amazing. It's pretty epic.
You get to learn a little more about the phasing technology and it's cool. It's cool.
Anyhow, let's talk about other games this week and we'll get into the gaming news right after some housekeeping.
Tonight's show is a short show. That's because we started late tonight at 7 o'clock due to some personal business.
We'll be back with our full show next week, so sorry about that.
Again, you can always listen to us live on All Games Radio, Sunday nights at 6 o'clock, immediately following the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Speaking of Bobby, he's got a new project and we love Bobby because he always plugs our show on, so we're going to plug him a little bit.
He is going to start a new show that launches January 9th and it's called Friday Night Gaming.
It's going to be him and two other people talking in a live program about video games.
Why does this sound familiar to me? No, I'm kidding.
The niche is that they're actually taping it live at a place called Computer Arena, which is in Roswell, Georgia.
Not the same Roswell where they found aliens.
They don't keep aliens there. They keep redneck aliens there.
But it's actually going to be like they're going to do the interaction with the live crowd as well as the people in the chat room.
That sounds awesome.
They're going to have some neat co-hosts and stuff too, so I don't know how much more I can say because I don't know what he said yet, but it's going to be cool.
So listen to it. FNGlive.net and that starts January 9th on All Games Radio.
Anyhow, that's really all the housekeeping I have tonight.
So how about some gaming news, even though it's been kind of a slow news week?
So a short show seems appropriate tonight. Loki, what's up?
Well, there is a certain Kingdom Hearts game that's scheduled to come out for the DS and you may have heard about it.
Kingdom Hearts 358 slash 2 days is going to be getting a North American release.
I mean, did anyone have any speculation that it wasn't going to get a release here? I mean, seriously.
And of course, they aren't really seeing when it's coming, but that it is.
Soon.
I'm guessing next year sometime.
How about Kingdom Hearts 3?
Never. I don't know.
They're going to pull a Capcom.
Kingdom Hearts 2, you have to understand, is like Final Fantasy VII or the upcoming Final Fantasy XIII, where it's got to have 90 billion versions for it first before they move on to the next one.
Then they can hoard that one out.
Got to wear out the first prostitute first before they can move on to the next.
Awesome.
I still want my Kingdom Hearts 3, though, on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
That would be very nice with my high-def graphics and hopefully working camera.
Although, Kingdom Hearts 2 wasn't bad as far as the camera goes.
I thought Kingdom Hearts 2 was really solid.
Kingdom Hearts 2 is a very solid game. Good time.
I need to actually not glitch mine out.
I miss games like that. It's been a little while.
When did Kingdom Hearts 2 come out? 2005? 2006, maybe?
I think.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some other news and some other games that are dated that are highly anticipated.
Probably another anticipated game by Jamie. Tekken 6.
It's coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and it's been confirmed that it will be in the fall 2009 timeframe.
So the Xbox 360 is supposed to... I don't know if it's getting a slightly earlier launch or something,
but they're going to hit generally the same time, the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
This official announcement was made by Atari, who is publishing the game over in Europe.
There you have it. So it's not going to be in the same timeframe as Street Fighter 4,
and we know there's not going to be a new Mortal Kombat next year because they just had one this year.
Well then, I don't know. They were putting out those Mortal Kombat games a dime a dozen for a little bit.
They could still do another Mortal Kombat game because all they would really have to do is port the engine over and add new characters.
Let's face it, Mortal Kombat and Tekken have very, very different fan bases, so I don't think there's going to be any overlap there anyway.
Very cool. Tekken 6 coming soon. No mention about arcades, though. Sad. I weep for the arcade.
Really? Where is the market going?
Well, they do have the arcade version should be already out in Japan, I think. It's not coming over here.
Actually, it would probably be in the Namco arcades because I remember when all the last series of Tekken games came out,
they were released something like six months before, you know, in Namco arcades before they were in any others,
because we had Tekken 3 at my arcade for like ages before anyone else had it.
But, how about something that isn't related to Tekken? Ooh. WiiWare.
All right. WiiWare. The stuff I'm boycotting.
Oh, come on, Rob. You know they have the S-
True. They did promise that they'd have more storage, but where the fuck's the update?
Probably March.
That's just like Sony's home. Where the fuck is Sony's home? I can't play it, therefore it's not out yet.
Sorry, Dr. Sakura. What can the more common folk who are not stuck up enough to be boycotting the Nintendo Wii, what can they be playing?
There are more games coming out. There's actually going to be art style Roto Hex.
That's a remake of the generation's game Dial Hex that was on the Game Boy Advance.
There's also, that's actually going to be 600 Wii points.
Episode 4 of Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People on its way, and it will have the DANGERESK 3 theme.
Ooh. It's 1000 Wii points.
I will allow you to get the Strong Bad game, because it's pretty awesome, but I do want to point out it's also available on PC, if you don't want to put up with the Nintendo Wii.
Just saying. Is all.
You know, I want to know when the hell they're doing an art style version of Dot Stream, because that was the most kickass bit generation game that they released.
That and Sound Voyager I guess is supposed to be pretty good, but I never picked that one up.
Well, there are also, there's also Bang, which is a shape matching game, and Pit Crew Panic, which should make sense. It's mechanics for broken things.
That's the one where you fix toilets. Remember there was a giant toilet one?
Well that sounds like fun.
I think we talked about that a little bit.
Let's see here.
Actually, let me get some chat comments before we get to some other stuff here.
Some comments on Kingdom Hearts. VXJ's next V. Kingdom Hearts 2 was released March 28th, 2006.
Actually, I need to credit Noah Bennett for that too, because they both said it.
It was 2006 when that was released, but Act Def goes on to point out a pretty good point.
Oblivion, Beat Mania, and Kingdom Hearts 2 were all released the same week. That was a very busy week.
Black Wolf wants to point out that Strong Bad is also cheaper on the PC. Good point.
And YYR in chat I believe is commenting on the Tekken 6 story. The arcade version will not be released in North America.
They announced that a while back. I don't remember when. Selected arcades in the USA do have it.
There's like three in New York. I've played it. It rocks.
And there will be an upgrade called Bloodline Rebellion. All of that from YYR.
I was going to mention, since we're on the topic of WiiWare, Xbox Live Arcade will be getting Meteos Wars and Power Up forever this week as well.
Really? I love Meteos, but I can't imagine not playing it with a stylus.
You know I love Tetsuya Mizuguchi through the good times like Luminous and the bad times like 99 Nights.
I love that man, and I will get Meteos just because it's Q Entertainment.
But I really like the DS one. It was kind of underrated. Just saying.
But I can't imagine not playing that game without the stylus. That's all.
Yeah. Sorry.
Let's see. Well, other things that you can expect this week. It's a very short list, unfortunately, because it is this time of year.
Most games have already been released for Christmas, but there are a few late editions, including Prince of Persia on the PC.
Who's Tardy to the party? Who's stumbling in hungover to the Christmas party?
And Sonic Unleashed on PS3. Both of those versions coming out way later. Well, not really.
Who got toked up off Mad Dog at home?
Not too late for Prince of Persia, but a couple weeks before Sonic Unleashed at the very least.
Other titles coming out, and I'm not really going to say they're worth mentioning, but Imagine Fashion Party on the Wii. Awesome.
Imagine Saving Your Money. Imagine donating it to charity.
Neopets Puzzle Adventure, which looks like a ripoff of Puzzle Quest, just with Neopets. Does anyone still play Neopets?
I was just talking about playing Neopets the other day because I miss playing the little games on the side.
But you weren't playing them.
Exactly.
Let's see.
I was talking about Neopets the other day in the mall when I was walking by Claire's. Do they have Claire's nationwide? Is that a nationwide chain?
Yeah. Okay. Well, for the international audience, Claire's is like the pretty, pretty princess store. It's the store for 11-year-old girls who want to dress up like princesses.
And you can stop with the comments right now about how much I love Claire's.
But I was looking in the window, not in the store, but in the window, and they had all these Neopets things for sale.
And I was telling my friend, I remember when I used to play Neopets. Damn, I needed a life. So, that's all.
And you don't now?
Hey, watch it.
Core on DS. That'll be coming out.
Let's see.
Hidden Expedition, Amazon.
And The Tale of Despereaux, both on PC.
Other titles for this week. Slingo Quest on DS.
Lego, or was it Left Brain, Right Brain 2 on DS.
Driver's Ed Portable. Yes, you can practice your Driver's Ed tests on the DS now.
Build A Lot, which I believe is like a real estate tycoon type game.
Ski and Shoot, yet another biathlon game.
God, I just want to play some more biathlon.
Dungeon Maker 2, The Hidden War on PSP.
Kate West, The Vanishing Files on DS.
And, of course, the big one for the week, Shin Megami Tensei Persona 4 on PS2.
And that is the special edition that comes with the soundtrack.
Because Atlus is really hooking you up.
Yes.
And I have to say that it's only going to get worse from here.
Oh, because the next few weeks are crap.
Wow. I think Rock Band's in there somewhere, but the rest of the weeks suck.
Alright, well, let's see if things are looking a little brighter in Japan.
And they are. It's a little busier of a week in Japan.
Strangely enough, usually Japan gets the really cool stuff before we do.
However, in this case, Japan's getting some of the cool stuff after we are.
Because that happens sometimes when the games are developed over here.
Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts is going to be released over in Japan on December 11th.
As is Mirror's Edge in Japan on the Xbox 360.
Also being released December 11th on the PlayStation 3.
Hakuna Matata is getting it.
That's actually a General Asia release.
Did that game ever get released here in the US?
No, it's going to be released here under, I think Namco is doing it, under National Geographic Africa.
That's a better name.
Did that game get a facelift all of a sudden, didn't it?
Yeah, they're changing it up for here. It's not coming over here for a while, though.
I want to see animals eating each other.
Well, Hakuna Matata gets the General Asia release. It's an English-Chinese version, so you could import it technically, December 11th.
But I want to see the monkeys throw poo and do it.
Or you could import the UK version, which I believe is in English, and I think is already out.
Oh, there you go.
Mina no Golf 5 gets a price reduction this week, this Friday.
Mirror's Edge also comes to the PlayStation 3, and Virtua Fighter also gets a price reduction.
And a localized version of WALL-E, the video game on PlayStation 3.
That would be the Disney movie, WALL-E.
On the Wii, Cooking Mama, Mina to Isho ni Oryoi Takai.
It's just a price reduction. Fancy name for Cooking Mama 2.
Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, the Wii edition comes out this week, as does Facebreaker.
And Major Wii and Samba de Amigo comes out as well.
Taiko no Tatujin also gets a Wii release, and I know we have some Taiko fans from the music game folks.
Also, Dark Sakura, are you listening? December 11th, Japan.
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom, Cross Generation of Heroes comes out.
So you might want to be looking into imports pretty soon.
On the PlayStation 2, Galaxy Angel 2 gets a price reduction.
But, you know what? I think most of our listeners are probably going to be looking for Shin Megami Tensei Persona 4.
Call it a hunch.
Oh no! I'm sorry, that's the US release. My bad.
Sometimes some US dates sneak into my list here. My bad.
Well, I have dates for our UK people.
Wait, DS, real quick.
Elibits this week. And a game called Penguin. No Bondai.
Okay, I'm done.
No, that's it.
No, I'm done.
Are you sure? Are you positive?
Okay.
And Wall-E.
On the DS.
Ferret! Return the ferret. I command thee.
I command thee.
You do need to put it on a bungee cord so every time you throw it you can yank it back.
It's a bungee ferret.
Not that I should be encouraging you to do this.
Thank you for...
You know, there was a totally random conversation that we had yesterday.
It didn't involve ferrets?
No, it didn't involve ferrets. It involved small animals.
We were talking about that they should breathe like micro monkeys and call them, like, monkeys.
That would be funny.
I don't know where that came from. We were at a really boring Christmas party at my dad's house.
We're out of alcohol. Let's eat sugar and brainstorm.
You know what they need to do?
Wait, since we've been talking community games and all this stuff and all this good Xbox Live thing, shouldn't they have a game called Bungee Ferret Tossing?
It could be like Orange Lawns Radio presents Bungee Ferret Tossing.
Add this to the list of Orange Lawns Radio Dream Games.
No, add this to the list of Orange Lawns Radio Reality Games.
We need to tell Mikey about the Dream Games.
We need to learn how to program or something.
We have a series of games that we're mostly developing.
Take a class on programming.
Learn it!
Absorb via osmosis.
You can learn it.
Anyhow, sorry.
You're a towel.
UK dates, please.
11th, Luminous Supernova on PlayStation 3. That makes me go squee and get happy in places.
On the 12th, some stuff.
Prince of Persia for PC, the Magic Roundabout.
For people in America who don't know what a roundabout is, Traffic Circle.
I have to translate.
Things I fucking hate when I'm driving downtown.
Dude, I fucking love them.
I love them. Because at my college we had one and it was big and had a park in it and my friends swore up and down that demons live there.
I'm not joking.
You're the most random fucking person on the planet sometimes.
I'm not joking.
Demons were living in the roundabout and this has what to do with video gaming?
The Magic Roundabout!
They're magic!
I do miss that...
Rob is red.
This show sucks.
You suck!
Laughter is warm and we're not.
One thing we forgot to mention, the studio is freezing cold tonight.
Keep in mind, we're Californians and we're pretty spoiled.
So I'm sure this is nothing. This is a summer day in Alaska right now.
But we are freezing cold in here right now.
So just wanted to get that out there.
So if we seem kind of cracked out, we are.
And also coming out, Your Mom the Game. Done.
Well, hopefully Your Mom the Game lasts longer than Mirror's Edge.
Longer than the player.
Loki. Sorry. Save our show.
I was looking at, there was a game I used to play that I thought, it's not roundabout, but it sounded just like it.
And it was, I was just trying to find a name for it.
It used to be called, the one that came over here was Felony 179, but it might actually have been called roundabout in the UK or something.
Really fun game where you break stuff with cars.
Yeah, so another thing that's totally on topic with breaking stuff with cars.
Mama is gardening now. Yes, gardening Mama.
Yet another thing that they're trying to get guys to play.
First they get them cooking and then they get them planting stuff in the garden.
Wait a minute, this is some type of secret plot, isn't it?
To get men to do the things that women are supposed to be doing.
What's next? Laundry Mama?
I will not stand for it.
Don't worry, Mama will wash it.
The next one was, what was it, not Pet City Mama. It has nothing to do with pets though. Pet Shop Mama.
Poop Scoop Mama?
I don't know, see I understand the whole gardening thing because people grow fruits and vegetables in their garden and they can use them to cook.
The Pet Shop Mama, I don't like where that's going. I don't like associating the pet shop with food.
But food is delicious and some pets are tasty.
That is a little strange that Cooking Mama will work in the pet shop part time and then she cooks things and PETA has a problem with it the other half of the time. Just saying.
Okay, that PETA thing was bullshit.
That's right, you were gone when all that went down.
Oh, no, remember I posted on my Twitter.
That was the week we were all off, was the PETA thing.
I posted on my Twitter about this.
And I think we talked about it briefly last week on the show and I was like, ah, if Jamie was here she'd say it's bullshit.
It's bullshit! Fuck you, PETA. My pre-emptive F you goes to PETA, may you get fucked with a steak.
A big, bloody cow rib.
We're really mature here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Okay, she really just said go fuck yourself with a steak. Am I not mistaking?
No, no, no, no, no.
With ribs.
Ribs.
Amazing.
Hey, we have some local news here. You know, sometimes we make the news with some things that go on locally.
And you know the game America's Army? Have you heard of the game America's Army?
Yes.
It's kind of a game that the Army put out to, you know, kind of be like other first person shooters, quote unquote.
Although I would hope the violence isn't quite as glorified.
But it's kind of a recruitment tool for the Army, America's Army, obviously.
You know, the game is free to play.
And it's a fairly popular game, you know, because it's, again, pretty old.
It's pretty old, too. I mean, the last game that they put out sucked.
Well, get this. Right here in Rancho Cordova, where we tape our show, a suburb of Sacramento, where the OLR Studios is,
not even that far from where we tape, only like one exit up the freeway,
there was a U.S. Army video game tournament for the game America's Army that happened right here in our neck of the woods.
Apparently, there were protests that ended up making the news here locally.
Some Veterans for Peace were out there actually protesting, and they have some pictures.
And this guy is holding the sign saying, real war is hell, don't enlist.
And the guy who is the president of this organization, John C. Reiger, the Sacramento branch,
he said, it's like giving candy to kids. It's sort of like military pedophilia, in a way, preying on our young people.
He really did use that phrase, military pedophilia. That's the quote he used, not me.
So, there you go.
And kind of the counter quote there was from Victor Ferrer, who is a sergeant in the Army.
He said, the event is nothing more than an opportunity for people to become familiar with the Army.
They also wanted to clarify the tournament was open to players 17 and over.
Anyone under 17 had to have a parent or guardian there in order to compete in the tournament.
And sign up for the military.
If we had known it was going on, we would have gone out there.
No, I would not have.
I would have played.
I don't think people think of Orange Lounge Radio when they think of America's Army, the game.
They think of the O.L. Army.
Usually not the type of game we cover, but I would have gone out there just to kind of check it out.
Did you see what SSG100Matt said in the chatroom?
No.
The winner of the tournament gets to go to Iraq.
So, it's like a twisted version of, you know, what the hell was that?
God, why am I drawing a blank no? 80s movie.
Last Starfighter. Sorry.
Dude, The Last Starfighter was awesome.
Yes, it's like The Last Starfighter, just more death.
I've got a friend of mine in Iraq right now, and I would not want anyone to go over there, so.
And to go back to what I was talking about when she was mentioning Roundabout, or Roundabouts or whatever.
Roundabout.
Yes, Roundabouts. Well, the game I was thinking was called Runabout, and it was, yeah, the U.S. title was Felony 1179.
Fun game. I got a bus stuck in a subway tunnel in that game, and it spun out of control until it took off like a helicopter.
Not to say that the game was, you know, glitchy or anything.
Good times. Good times.
How about some more gaming news?
Do I gotta?
You gotta.
Well, this is actually some pretty good news for all of our Suicoden fans.
We are getting a...
All 108 of you.
108 of you. There's a joke there.
See if you can spot it.
I haven't even played the damn game, and I get the joke. Thanks to Shane, thank you.
But for all of our friends in Europe, Suicoden, I guess it's pronounced T-Christ, is coming out on the DS in March next year.
And basically the game is, you start off as this unnamed person who's in a security force who has to recruit 108 heroes to battle the one king.
And you have a four-person party, and it's Suicoden, and you can go over the Wi-Fi to send characters into different games or other worlds so they can get new items, different quests, meet new people.
And this one actually just came out in Japan, and we here in America are supposed to be getting it in February.
But sorry, people in Europe, you've gotta wait. Or import!
But it should be noted, this is not like your typical Suicoden game. It's more of a tactical-type game.
Yeah, it's more tactics.
They call it a community RPG.
So it's really a mini men online role-playing girls game.
Hmm.
Interesting.
With tactics!
And stuff.
Speaking of stuff, Atari has announced a brand new game that they're working on with Tetsuya Mizuguchi.
It's a music game with the working title QJ.
And of course, you know, their Q Entertainment is known for their games that kind of blend in pretty cool musical aspects to it, so making, I don't know, a musical game is not necessarily a bad thing and not really unexpected.
Something else to look forward to, I guess. I guess we'll find out a little bit more about this later on.
I would be more worried if it was called LLQJ.
Nice.
I've had sugar today, Rob.
And how?
And how?
Well hey, I'm all over this. You talk music, you talk Mizuguchi, Q Entertainment, you know I'm gonna check it out because I'm a whore for everything that man puts out.
So you know I'm excited about this one if I didn't already have everything that this is gonna be offering.
But Atari is going to be bundling several of Mizuguchi's games together.
Res HD, Luminous Live, and Every Extend Extra Extreme are all gonna be retailed together in one retail package.
It's gonna be called Q3, which is supposed to be some type of term meaning cubed, I guess. Whatever.
Or you could do San-Q-3-thank-you-three.
Oh that's a cute idea.
Because it was the same pun with QQQ?
Okay.
San-Q-thank-you.
I get it, I get it.
Well you can also do, I mean, you know, to the third power is cubing something, so.
Right, right.
But that's cute. Either way, I didn't even think of the San-Q thing. That's pretty cute.
But anyway, you know, I'm sure a lot of our listeners probably already downloaded these games, but this is good news for those that are the more casual Xbox 360 people that don't take it online.
I would get this.
Yeah, I mean.
Because we haven't downloaded all this yet.
And here's your perfect opportunity, because, you know, even though the, it's kind of repackaged of old material, you're talking about some really good old material.
It's ResHD, it's Luminous Live, it's Every Extent Extra Extreme.
And it's, it's mostly, the download content for Luminous is all a part of this too.
So it's all in one nice little package.
So, very cool.
Does it actually save any money, though, over downloading everything with points?
I don't think it's gonna save very much. I don't see a price point listed here.
Probably worth all the download content for, like, Luminous.
Yeah, with the download content included, I think this is actually a pretty good package deal.
I mean, it saves you time and effort, really, you know, if just that.
It's based on your hard drive if you're crunched, I guess.
Exactly. It's saving room, and it's, you know, putting, you know, and there's also people who, you know, may have an Xbox who may not necessarily have, like, an internet connection.
I know people who were like that, you know, who don't have it hooked up all the time.
It's a good way to, you know, get all the download content and not have to worry about it.
True, true.
So, that helps.
Well, I mean, there's no reason for me to get this, because I always bottled this shit the first day it came out, but I'm glad to see that there's enough faith in the product that they're giving it a retail release.
I mean, who would have thought, years ago when Rez was on Dreamcast, it was kind of a cult title? Like, not everybody really knew about it.
Who knew that it would be kind of resurfacing in the mainstream again today, if that makes any sense? I don't know.
I kind of wish they'd do a true sequel to Rez. Wouldn't that be hot?
Well, yeah, that would actually be pretty cool, I think.
We'll see.
Well, how about some other stuff?
How about something that's gonna make my soul hurt?
But the soul still burns.
No, my soul isn't burning, it's fucking freezing and throwing up in the bathroom like a bad vodka hangover.
Okay, it's not that cold in here.
No, I'm not talking about in here, I'm talking about the King of Fighters movie.
King of Fighters movie?
Um, they are already, Gordon Chan is directing it. There's not too many details, but they're sad.
And this is basically what was put out saying about it.
It looks like the King of Fighters movie will introduce a new science fiction spin into the setting.
That right there is enough to make me vomit. It's enough to make my heart work.
Fighters in space!
Pretty much that's it. They're supposed to be going to different dimensions and different worlds.
Um, hi, the story works like it did before, don't fuck with it!
They're all stuck in, like, the Neo Geo world. They have to go to different games and destroy the characters and that.
It's like the crap they tried to do with the last Mortal Kombat movie?
No! Don't ruin my movie, please!
King of Fighters was like a classic staple in fighting games for me.
I mean, I grew as a gamer when King of Fighters came out and expanded my mental universe.
And made me realize that, yes, SNK can do a good fighting game other than Samurai Shodown.
And what kind of cherished childhood memory would it be if they didn't come and rape it later on in movie form?
Well, at least it's not being directed by Uwe Boll, so that's good.
Well, I'm glad I have something to be thankful for this holiday season.
But the stars of the movie are Maggie Q, Sean Ferris, William Lee, and Ray Park.
Who?
Wait, Ray Park!
Darth Maul!
Darth Maul, yes.
And Seth Rogen.
And what?
And Toad!
Toad, yeah.
Do you know what happens when lightning strikes a toad?
Same thing that happens to everything else.
It was awesome when Storm said it!
No, it wasn't!
Actually, it wasn't. It really, really wasn't.
Okay, do not get this couch started on Halle Berry and how much ass she sucks.
Oh, but Jamie Catwoman! No, wait.
I've blocked that out of my memory. It does not exist as a part of my universe.
Hey, it could be worse, okay? They could have had Tyra Banks play the part or something like that.
Tyra Banks has more personality, thank you.
She would have brought the much needed sass to the part.
She would have brought the sass and she would have brought...she just would have brought it.
When Angela Bassett declined, it was over. I mean, really.
But you know, Angela Bassett, I do agree to an extent that she was...she's done an X-Men movie ten years ago.
She was Storm. That would have been it.
But ten years ago, she was Tina Turner.
That's true.
If anyone can pull off the legs, then, you know.
Well, anyway.
Okay, sorry. When I'm singing Tina Turner songs, it's really time for us to get back to gaming news.
Is it? Yes. Let's talk about Activision.
We've been putting that in an uncomfortable place.
Something I'm completely used to by now.
So, Activision. They have a lot of brand new stuff coming next year, including...
Oh, gosh. What would it be without another Call of Duty game?
Yes, there's another Call of Duty game coming out next year.
It will hit Fall 2009, and apparently it's going to be back in Infinity Ward's hands again, so we can stop bitching about it.
And then also, they're going to be doing a brand new Bond game, because, well...
It's another franchise that they have to pump out one new game a year.
And then finally, they're going to do something a little different with the next Tony Hawk game,
which apparently is going to not be played with a controller,
and will be a game that you're not going to be playing with a controller in your hands, according to them.
And of course, what everybody's been speculating, the rumors have been around for a long time now,
that it's going to be actually some sort of motion-controlled skateboard thing.
Which, at that point, I have to ask...
Why don't you just go skateboard, then?
If you're not actually going to be playing with a controller, just go skateboard.
I mean, you're almost there anyways, and it's a hell of a lot cheaper.
The air conditioning. Carpet.
I know. But still. Skateboarding.
I mean, once you get to the point where it's so much like the thing that you're doing,
that you're actually doing it, you might as well just go actually do the sport.
And I'm sure this forgot to mention that they're probably going to be pumping out like four more Guitar Hero games,
because, you know, they haven't buried that into the ground enough yet.
Oh, and Bizarre Creations. You may remember them from the Project Gotham Racing series.
They're actually working on another racing game as well that's going to be racing and driving focused.
You know, because that would be any other racing game.
And they're also working on one that's going to be similar to Mario Kart meets Forza.
What the hell? Mario Kart meets Forza?
Maybe it's like a Mario Kart type of game, but you actually tune your karts and like what weapons and stuff are on it and that kind of thing.
How about a cute Forza game? That would be cute.
They already got Coral Q.
You know, if you want your Q race, the Coral Q franchise.
Did you see that they're actually putting out, and I don't know why they've done this over here,
apparently EA doesn't know how to make games for the Wii,
but they've decided that the next best idea to bringing NASCAR to the Wii instead of actually, I don't know, bringing NASCAR to the Wii is NASCAR Karts.
What?
Yeah, it's like Mario Kart with NASCAR drivers.
What?
Yup.
Interesting.
That's what EA thinks of you Wii owners. You're just little kids that don't know any better.
They won't give you any serious games, except for Boom Blocks. That's not really that serious.
That's sad.
Well, while Loki was reading us that last little story there, I actually was working on my portal that lets us peer inside Dark Sakura's alternate universe.
What?
So I actually have a clip from Dark Sakura's alternate universe where Tyra Banks is Storm.
In fact, I'm going to show you how fantastic my underwear make me feel!
I really feel crazy standing up here in my underwear. I'm used to doing this on a, you know, a Victoria's Secret runway or in a catalog, but not on the Tyra show.
So I need a little help. Everybody, on the count of 1, 2, 3, I want you to lose those under-the-canopy robes right now. Free that underwear everybody!
This is too much tire for this show, only the best part is coming up, lord, it's a panty
party
party
in
it
is
a
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party
party party
party
party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party party
party
party party party
party party
party party party party
party party
party party party party
party party
party party party party
party
party
party party
party party party party party
Someone stole the Metroid, and she had to go back after her baby.
Same as this jellyfish-looking baby.
Digitized voice for Super Nintendo, hi!
Anyway.
I'm not sure if this game is sexy or not, but I think it's funny that the Metroid producer was busy working on the Virtual Boy at the time and didn't have much involvement with this.
But this is a game that I'll get Dan to play, and I'll just sit back on the couch going,
Go this way, go that way, go this way, go that way.
That's really freaking cool. You're better at this than I am.
Let me know my thoughts on this game. I love this game more than most other games.
Pretty much any other game. I love this game so much. I think it's, you know.
I've already been caught up in the controversy about how much I love this game. I won't repeat it, but let's just say I love this game.
This game is electronic mookie. So, um, what?
It is! It is sex and pixels. It really is.
Without being dirty.
Of course, we all know that this game has been the big influence for the current series of Castlevania games.
You know, with that same type of map system running all over the place shooting stuff, except using a whip.
It also is one of, it's actually stated in my resource that it was a contributor to the speedrun phenomenon.
Because you did actually, for beating the game in different ways, you got different rewards, different things.
You can speedrun through Super Metroid like a mofo if you know where you're going and what you're doing.
I've seen this game beaten in person on a major speedrun, and it was beautiful.
So, it's really awesome-tastic.
Super Metroid game of the week.
You have to get it to the point where it plays the theme.
I think it's just going to start the first level.
Here we go.
Right?
Yeah.
I love this game.
I do love this game. I want to play this game right now!
The music in this game was freaking fantastic.
It really was.
You know what the Nintendo Sound Processor was eventually what was incorporated, if I'm right, it's what led to the one in the PlayStation.
Because Sony made Nintendo Sound Processor.
You know, I really just want to say, because we do have some younger folks who listen to this show who weren't a teenager or junior high or whatever when this game first came out.
Really owe it to yourself to check out this game. This is gaming at some of its greatest.
And as much crap as I've given the whole Chrono Trigger vs. Super Metroid thing that came up totally unnecessarily months ago on this show.
Play Chrono Trigger 2. I mean, they're both wonderful games, but I love Super Metroid so much.
See, if they were smart they would just go back and do, remember the same treatment that they basically did with Wario Land Shake It, just do that for Super Metroid or just a Metroid game.
Make a really awesome looking 2D Metroid game.
And not on the DS.
And not on the DS.
I mean, seriously, no one's going to care if it's a 2D game. No one's not going to buy your game just because, oh it's 2D, I don't want to play a 2D game.
Well, you know what, people will play a 2D game and they will like it.
Look at a game like Braid, you can still do awesome things in 2D.
Look at Castlevania games, they sell hotcakes on the DS.
And they would sell hotcakes on the Wii if they put out a really cool looking 2D Castlevania game.
You don't have to go all 3D, just make it fun, make it exciting, that's all you have to do.
Alright, well we are going to go, hey you know that Metroid Zero game, even though it was on the Game Boy Advance, was pretty awesome.
Like that was a great, like, successor in a way to Super Metroid, if that makes sense.
And they revisited the original Metroid but changed just enough that it really felt all new again, which I thought was kind of awesome.
So, there you go.
It's open, I'm just now seeing though that our time might have run out on him.
Whoops! We'll see.
I'm curious if the Skype line is going to work tonight or if I'm late.
Today was the day it runs out, so we may or may not be able to get calls tonight.
1877-GAME-OLR.
I'm going to try calling it myself real fast and see if it works.
We have a call, oh that call is coming in on Skype though.
GAME-OLR.
Let me see if it works, I'm calling it myself.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories while I do this live on air test that's very professional?
Yes.
Real quick stuff, just confirming a lot of the rumors that we had from a couple weeks ago.
Uncharted 2, Among Thieves, was announced.
Remember that thing that supposedly leaked out from Sony saying that there was a new Uncharted game?
Well, apparently it's true, so I wonder if the rest of it will be true as well.
Another big game that we should have mentioned during the show, but Killzone 2 finally got a release date.
February 27th.
If there's ever going to be an epic first person shooter game for the PS3, it's definitely Killzone 2.
They're kind of Gears of War if you want to look at it that way.
Kind of interesting, someone's bringing Catan to the PS3 as well.
Game Republic is bringing out that game.
It's actually going to be a different version that was on the 360.
Kind of like this one better.
No word on when that's going to be out though.
There's also a brand new game that's been announced by Fifth Cell,
the developer that put out that game, Drawn to Life, and also Lock's Quest.
It's going to be a little bit similar to Drawn to Life.
What it is, is it's actually an action puzzler game,
and you can type in words, or you write in words,
and it will create objects for you based on what you write in.
So for example, you have to collect these stars throughout the game,
and you can write in ladder, and a ladder will spawn.
You can climb the ladder to get the star, or you write in football,
and you can throw a football at the tree, or beaver,
and the beaver will chew down the tree.
Apparently there's such an enormous dictionary of words in this game,
you can literally put whatever you want.
I mean, just from ordinary objects to the most obscure thing you can think of.
And they promise apparently sharks with lasers on their heads.
So that's kind of neat.
And then finally, I'd like to mention that apparently,
according to YYR in chat, he is having a contest.
Oh, I was going to read this.
Well, fine, you go ahead and read this.
No, go ahead.
No, no, no, go ahead.
No, no, go ahead.
Okay, I will say this.
The contest actually doesn't start until Tuesday.
We're giving you a sneak peek right here, Snake 360 contest.
And you can win, or there's $450 in prizes to be given away.
And they have three different challenges,
Race to Fanatic, Survivor Challenge, and Battle Video Exhibition.
And of course, different prizes.
Looks like the prizes for each category include either 4,000 points card,
or one year of live.
Lots of stuff being given away, so that's kind of cool.
And apparently, the contest starts on Tuesday, ends on Sunday, January 11th.
And we can really say, and truthfully say,
you heard it here first, because Aaron, the author of the game,
just put this up and sent us a message first,
because we had him on our show a couple weeks ago,
and he hasn't forgotten about us.
Awesome guy.
Thank you very much.
And I don't know if we're automatically ineligible,
but I'm thinking the Battle Video might actually be kind of fun to try.
We might have to do that.
I don't know.
So we'll see.
All right.
The Skype line, the number is not working tonight,
but you can still call us via Skype, actual Skype.
Our username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
I saw at least one call trying to come through earlier,
which I will take if it comes in again.
Otherwise, sorry kids, you have to be on actual Skype tonight.
But the Skype line is open at Orange Launch Radio.
Did you have anything else you want to add real quick?
Well, no.
Wow, all right.
I was looking to see if I had any more stories.
I do.
They had a, what is it, Half-Life remake called Black Mesa
that they released a trailer video for last week right after the show.
It looks so amazing.
It's using the source engine.
It's basically just a remake of the first Half-Life game.
That sounds pretty fun.
It was pretty cool.
And then, of course, Gran Turismo 5 apparently is on track for Holiday 09.
Funny because I thought that was supposed to be out this year,
but, you know, hey, I guess it's still on track to come out someday.
So is home.
Hey, we got a call.
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
What is this?
Hello, Orange Launch Radio Land.
Apparently I'm very special tonight,
and the one voice of the crowd or something like that.
Are you the only one wanting to call in tonight in chat?
I don't know.
You were saying something that only one person called,
and I know I called.
Well, no, as one person was trying to get through,
I was doing all those tests,
but stupid me, the Skype number expired today,
and I got so busy I just never renewed it.
Are you going to be able to get the same one back,
or am I going to have to update what the toll free goes to?
No, we'll be able to get the same number back.
I'm not worried about that.
I'm going to wait for 90 days,
because I've let it expire before.
Live radio, folks.
One radio.
Yeah, I know.
You know what's funny?
That's the charm of Orange Launch Radio.
Kind of on the same old note there,
GoDaddy's been emailing me like a bitch to get me to renew O-L-R-E,
and I was like, oh, I'm just going to let it expire.
They automatically renewed it for me and charged me the money.
Oh, nice.
I think the E3 site we had also,
I think that finally actually expired,
because we never did anything with it.
Oh, my goodness.
Anyway, I do want to say real quick,
sorry, Jason, interrupt,
but we never gave the damn website for the Snake 360 contest,
because we're bad hosts.
www.snake360.com slash contest,
where you can see all the information about it,
and it's a great community game.
Check it out.
Jason, what were you calling about tonight?
Sorry.
When DJ Hero and all that stuff was kind of coming up,
I was just kind of going around looking for information,
and I pulled up a Kotaku post about it with the first notes on it,
and the picture of it reminded me of a story that I don't believe I've told on here.
Before I get into that, I was just going to kind of ask,
there's been a screenshot that makes DJ Hero look like Guitar Hero
with a DJ floating next to the chart,
but we don't really know anything about the game itself for the controller, do we?
There were some rumors about the controller a while back.
Wasn't the controller supposed to be like a giant turntable
with kind of like buttons around it or something like that?
I seem to remember there was a story a couple,
yeah, something like, it's not going to look like Beatmania.
That's for sure.
That's a common misconception about it is that,
oh, well, they're going to rip off Beatmania.
No, it doesn't look like they really want to go for that exact same game.
It's going to be different, it looks like.
Guitars and drums can't exactly be made original
when they're supposed to be guitars and drums,
but DJ decks have a lot of liberty to play with.
So the Kotaku entry that I was talking about,
you know that Joystick and Kotaku and everybody else
picks a featured picture that I've been,
that my Mario Kart code has been so greatly featured on three years ago.
They have this little actual DJ pioneer deck
that reminded me of something I saw at Best Buy.
Our Best Buy opened up a musical instruments corner of the building,
and when we were there the last time,
we kind of poked our heads in there and were killing some time.
They had a bunch of drum kits, digital drum kits laid out.
They had drawers of DJ kits with full-size digital turntable decks, I guess,
and little miniature turntable decks with the crossfader and the,
if there's a specific name for the centerpiece,
far be it for me to know what it's called.
But I was sitting there and I was kind of playing around with it
and I was thinking to myself, you know, this is really cool.
This is actually kind of fun.
You have the full-size LP deck with a little slot reader on the side
to stick your CD in and then do the same things you would do with vinyls.
Whether that's better or not, I leave that to the purists.
Anyways, I'm kind of looking forward to seeing more with what comes about with DJ Hero.
I think we are all on pins and needles about DJ Hero, Jason,
but the sad thing is I don't think we're going to see it until E3.
I think it's going to be Activision's big thing at E3 next year
because with Guitar Hero, we know that shit.
They say, new Guitar Hero game. We're like, whoopty shit.
We know what this is all about.
DJ Hero is going to be real new, you know what I mean?
Yeah, and you can draw the parallels to everything you want that's already come out.
B-Mania and Crackin' DJ.
I seem to remember there was something even more obscure that I can't think of.
Crackin' DJ was fun and all, but it just wasn't a real deck besides...
Okay, it was two turntables and a crossfader.
Two turntables and a microphone.
But none of the effectors, none of the volumes, none of that.
I'll also remember this, Jason. 98% of gamers haven't played any of those games you just mentioned, too.
But DJ Hero really has the potential to kind of...
The foot is already in the door, so to speak.
Because the same thing could have been said for Guitar Hero.
It's going to get shelf space right next to Guitar Hero.
Which is a big shelf.
Think about how really huge Guitar Hero's gotten.
I was watching a commercial for Best Buy the other day where they were talking about...
They were trying to do some type of like, oh, it's your hometown electronics store.
And they were talking about Killeen, Texas, which is funny because it's making me think of Travis from Understation Live.
But they were talking about Texas, and they were talking about like, oh, it's a big military base.
And this guy was talking about, oh, and you know, sometimes women will come in here and want to know,
where's that guitar game for my husband who's been away?
And I'm thinking like, wow.
That really just kind of put it into perspective.
It really has kind of crossed over now into that guitar game that every family has to have, if that makes sense.
That's because they picked music that people actually know and care about to some extent.
But DJ Hero is going to have a huge foot in the door because of the mainstream success of Guitar Hero and Rock Band, really.
Yeah.
And the fact that they're actually going for names like T.S.O. and anybody else that they're going to sign and announce later on down the line.
Who would have thunk it when we started this show a few years ago that music games would become so huge, huh?
Especially after we moved away from just music games.
Well, that's what did it.
Remember there was no new DDR for like years and years and literally two weeks after we said,
oh, we're going to move away from the music game things and talk about general gaming.
Supernova!
Supernova is coming out.
We're back!
Yeah, yeah.
Bastards.
All right.
Anyway.
Konami exists to spite you.
Konami does exist to spite us sometimes.
I really truly believe that.
I think the most interesting part about all this is the Guitar Hero arcade machine, arcade cabinets that was talked about a few weeks back.
Yeah.
And just the fact that they can do, especially with the fact that Guitar Hero itself went World Tour and the fact that apparently Konami is working with Activision for the cabinets.
If that didn't just signal Rock Revolution's death that we already knew was coming, what does?
But just the fact that World Tour exists and DJ Hero was acquired by Activision, should I say Freestyle Games was acquired by Activision who was making DJ Hero.
The big linked performance games that we always wanted out of DDR, 2DX, Guitar Freaks, Drummania, and optionally Keyboardmania, but that died pretty quick,
can actually come stateside, stateside music, and possibly do a lot for arcades for all we know.
That would be freaking expensive though.
You know, I said this a long time ago on the show and I truly believe it.
You know, Harmonix and these developers were willing to take the risk that Konami wasn't and look where it got them.
And Konami should be kicking their own ass right now and if they didn't have the, if there weren't patent laws and all that stuff so that they could essentially ride the coattails now of someone else's success from their idea, which is odd, there wouldn't be a lot going for them right now in the music game world.
As much as we can hate on them for filing those lawsuits, the fact that they're working together for an arcade machine is kind of redeeming.
I want to quickly say this comment, Jason, before we let you go, get your reaction to this. Tiger Claw in chat says,
If you want to play your own version of DJ Hero, you can download a DJ mixing program on your PC and mix your own MP3s.
But that's boring because that's not telling me how to do it.
I can't play without arrows on the screen.
There's no arrows to step on. Or whatever.
Alright, Jason, we gotta let you go to get a couple more calls, but you have a good one, buddy.
Giant dork fest!
Alright, yeah, that's the show. Alright, later dude.
Night, guys.
At first you told me there was no mailbag, now you're telling me there's a mailbag.
I didn't think we'd have time.
Alright, well, we'll do it. Since no one else is calling on Skype, we'll close Skype.
You know what, we need to actually have theme music for the Skype thing, and we need to play Bananaphone.
You know what's funny? That was the fortune cookie message last week, when you weren't here, yes.
How funny.
Alright, yeah, I thought Rama was calling in to give a review on something. Where is he?
Oh, because he's on the phone. Oops. Sorry, Rama. Love you.
But we love the mailbag, too!
Mailbag. OrangeLunchRadio.com, which apparently we are doing this segment tonight, although I only saw one email in there when I went in earlier.
Saw us send an email.
Hello, OLR buddies and friends. It's actually titled Why Hello There, OLR.
I finally joined the new millennium and got an Xbox 360.
I've survived solely on DS and PSP for the longest time, and I have to say that it's nice to have a non-portable gaming system again for the first time in nearly three years.
So far, I only have Guitar Hero 3 and Guitar Hero Aerosmith. My band's names are Spock's Eyebrows and Doodly Ladies, respectively.
But I hope to remedy this soon. What are some good Xbox 360 games that I should look into purchasing?
Fable!
Fable 2 is kind of evil, but it is definitely entertaining. You can beat up chickens.
Please go on Xbox Live Arcade and look at all the sex that's on there, like Rez.
Symphony of the Night?
If you don't already have that on PlayStation 1, definitely Symphony of the Night.
Go look at how much sex is available for cheap on Xbox Live Arcade. That's where you need to go.
And, um, oh shoot, there's also, um, there's of course the Rock Band series, and, um, Brainfart.
Brainfart the game!
Guitar Hero?
She already said she had them!
Oh yeah.
Okay.
So, moving forward, since Jamie mentioned playing Order of Ecclesia, I figured I would quickly plug the review I did of that game.
It's great! And can be found on my blog at www.avengerstower.com.
The game is great, or the review is great?
Both.
Order of Ecclesia is definitely a very difficult game compared to earlier Castlevania games, but the difficulty of the game most certainly adds to the fun.
Anyway, OLR, take care of yourselves, and I'll quite possibly see you soon, as soon as next year, perhaps, eyebrow waggle.
Sincerely, Martin.
Take care of yourself and each other.
Real quick, and, you know, this kind of goes back to something we were talking about way earlier in the show.
Kunamata, that was on your release dates for coming out in the Asia regions, well, it's already been out in the Asia regions, but this is the English slash Chinese version.
So, you could import this and play it in English.
Thought about it, it's only $49.90.
It's not bad.
Can't run over the animals, though, that is a downside.
Dope.
We have more.
All right, let's hear more.
One of them tricked me!
It said love, love, love, love, love, and I thought it was about me, but it was spam.
Bastards.
I hate those spammers.
You know he should have F-ed?
The one who stole your magnet off your car.
Oh, I forgot about that.
I had a rainbow all of his divine magnet on my car, and somebody stole it.
Oh, it's on the fridge right now.
Pissed me off.
Ugh.
Pissed me off.
That's so messed up.
Moving forward.
Damn thieves!
Bastards!
I can't make a fist.
This sucks.
Okay, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act of theft.
A few weeks ago, I got Tales of Vesperia, and it's a pretty good game.
I recommend it.
Can I point out where we live?
There's lots of friendly neighborhood Mexicans.
Actually, lots and lots.
Just wanted to say.
But he's an actual, in Mexico, Mexican.
Alright, fair enough.
And that makes him special.
But that's not what I want to talk about.
I want to comment about how I got it for a cheaper price than it would have cost in the
US, and what's curious about this is that I got it for full price.
Most games when sold in Mexico are ridiculously overpriced because of stupid import handling
taxes, and to top it all off, most stores charge you even more and make games pretty
much an expensive thing to invest in.
Except for those, like me, who live next to the US and can cross the border to buy stuff.
With the most recent global economy crisis, the Mexican peso has lost its gain to the
US dollar.
But for gaming, it has meant a good thing rather than bad.
When I bought Tales of Vesperia, I bought it for 7.55 pesos, which is the MSRP price
for it down here.
Now, a dollar is worth 13.50 pesos, approximately.
So doing the math, I sold the game and cost the equivalent of $55 US total.
That's a savings of $5 US without added sales tax.
I marveled myself on how this crisis has caused at least one good thing.
Another example is Gears of War 2, which is a newer game.
In the US, it costs $60, while in Mexico, it costs around 650 pesos.
Again, doing the math, the game's cost in Mexico is the equivalent of $47, approximately,
$13 in savings.
And there are other games that would cost less here than crossing the border.
Unfortunately, there are other games that still do cost more here than in the US, but
like I said, it's because of store making up prices rather than giving us the real retail
price.
Especially on Playstation and Nintendo games, since they don't have a real representation
in Mexico or Latin America, unlike Microsoft, which does have it.
Oh well, that's all for now.
Kinda happy news in all this crisis stuff.
Sorry to Jamie who reads this email if there are any grammatical or spelling errors in
it.
You know what?
You have better grammar and spelling than most people in America do.
Yeah, when you consider that English is not this gentleman's first language, from what
I understand.
I believe he said before Spanish is the native language.
You're my freaking hero today.
There you go.
A very rare commendation from dark soccer.
You don't get that very often in the mailbag statement.
Look at you.
Wear that badge with honor, my friend.
We also got an email forwarded to us.
There's a very long email in there.
It is a very long email.
Email a statement for next week.
But it was sent by one of our All Games listeners through All Games Radio.
And I'll tell you what, because of the length of this and because it is actually a well
thought out question, I'm going to post it on the forum.
Well, they wanted us to talk about it on the show.
There was some question in there.
Look for a really short paragraph towards the bottom.
I'm trying to remember what it was about.
What might be your thoughts regarding you as the consumer using LittleBigPlanet as an
advertising self-promoting marketing tool?
Okay, let me give you the gist of the email because it is kind of long for air, but I
did read it off air.
Basically, the emailer was wondering, he was listening to some other shows in All Games
and this kind of crossed his mind and wanted to hear our take on it because I guess he's
been pulling some different shows.
I'm glad I didn't put it on the forum then.
No, it's a good question.
LittleBigPlanet has this potential to be like a new medium for all this marketing.
What's the potential for it or where do you see people using it?
What do you think people could be using LittleBigPlanet for with all the marketing?
To me, I kind of think, well, in a way, it's a little big planet I kind of compare to a
new website.
Does that make sense?
Like a YouTube or iTunes or something.
I guess iTunes is really a website, but you know what I mean?
If there is a way to sell your product on it, there will be people that want to do that.
It is the quote unquote American way after all, even though we have a worldwide audience.
You know what I mean?
Capitalism is big all over the world.
Look at a site like YouTube.
You have tons of people.
At first, what was YouTube?
YouTube was a way to pirate TVs and commercials.
When they had to legitimize themselves, it became this really interesting way to kind
of sell music and all this other stuff.
iTunes.
Podcasting.
When we signed up to do podcasting, it was people like us in their garages, in their
basements with microphones talking about shit they liked.
Now it's hugely commercialized, and we're having a hard time staying afloat amongst
all these.
I mean, we'll be here doing our thing for a long, long time, but we have a hard time
getting recognized because you have all these commercial people out trying to tie it into
their website, their TV shows, their TV networks that have very little to do with gaming, but
they have video game podcasts anyways, and so on.
Is that the truth?
It's very interesting that where there's a way, people will kind of sell it, and it's
interesting that this email comes in.
Probably before, you have LittleBigPlanet talking about now that there's going to be
the Luminous thing, and I think there was a big misconception this week that there was
actually going to be a Luminous game inside LittleBigPlanet.
That's not quite the case.
It's that there's a LittleBigPlanet skin coming to Luminous.
Come to think of it, it really doesn't have anything to do with the whole thing you're
talking about at all, except for the fact that where there is a way to tie it in to
market something in a video game, it can be done, and I bet you for sure there's going
to be people that go out there and try to sell their website, their band.
True story.
I was playing Warcraft the other night, and there was a shout in one of the villages.
I'm not even kidding.
If you live in, I think it was Boston, if you live in Boston, come check out this show
on Saturday night if you like this metal band.
I'm like, dude, how many people in this world of Warcraft might live in Boston?
Boston's a pretty big place.
I know it's a big place, but World of Warcraft is a really fucking big place.
It's like 100 Bostons.
Do you remember in Animal Crossing when we could do the message in a bottle thing, and
we could send them out to random people?
Yes.
And I put in our radio station there and was sending out bottles like freaking mad.
That's pretty much us doing the same thing.
And something that's also not in the Wii version anymore.
Thank you very much, Nintendo.
Very true, very true.
I didn't even think about that, but you're right.
People have been using video games to promote their shit for a long time.
But we could actually have all of our villagers say orangestonesradio.com, and then when they
move to other people's villages, they'll spread.
Okay, so the question was about LittleBigPlanet, though.
But LittleBigPlanet makes it easy.
I'm surprised there is no OLR level on LittleBigPlanet yet.
There probably ought to be.
I should probably get to work on that.
We should have a contest.
But it's also against the terms of service on LittleBigPlanet to promote websites using
levels in the game.
Oh, jeez.
Yeah, seriously.
What if you do it discreetly?
Because, look, Bobby has a level from the beta, and he does it discreetly.
He does it, he promotes it without...
And, granted, I don't think he put a lot of effort into level.
I think it was his way of exploring the game and being able to give the game a good review.
I don't think he ever kind of intended it to be the one and only thing he ever does.
But he invested a fair amount of time into it, but he kind of did a real easy-ish type
of level that kind of slyly worked in a plug for his show.
I think as long as you're not crazy about it, I bet they wouldn't have it.
They were actually promoting a LittleBigPlanet fan community on there, and it got pulled.
Why is that so weird?
Yeah, it is stupid.
They're getting a little stupid with that stuff.
What are you laughing at over there?
A picture that I got sent for the cover of Wolverine and Power Pack, number three.
Well, look, to go back to the email, definitely where there's a way to do it, people are going
to do it.
It's just a matter of time, but it's kind of interesting to see the moderation and how
that's going to play into it, because it was very hard to moderate Animal Crossing.
I mean, look at the N-word snuck through on one of those cartridges.
Anyhow, I guess that's it for our show then.
Was that the last email too?
It was indeed.
All right.
Last email tonight, and if you want to send us some emails, mailbag at orangelaunchrater.com.
We're done.
We're ready to get out of here.
We've got the final thoughts tonight.
Oh.
Yeah.
Never mind, because it comes after.
Okay.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm looking at this actual P90 tactical load-bearing vest, which is kind of neat, because I would
work with my airsoft gun, even though it's meant for actual real guns.
All right.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Deadpool's fucking funny.
My final thought is I'm fucking funny.
Duncan.
Shut up.
Beckers, thanks for joining us tonight.
I know you didn't get to talk a whole lot, but I'm glad you and Jamie got to sit there
in the corner and giggle like girls.
It was fun.
All right.
Do you have any final words for our listeners tonight?
It's freaking cold here.
It is cold here.
I'm sorry.
All right.
You should see what it's like in the summertime, though.
Trust me, this is better than the alternative.
But we need to have Becky on when we have stupid parent stories.
Oh, boy.
Because we definitely need to hear from someone.
Oh, thank you for reminding me.
What?
We didn't even mention that story.
Uh-oh.
What?
Hold on.
Hold on.
This is good.
This is good.
It was another game that Grand Theft Auto was getting blamed.
Or another crime that Grand Theft Auto was getting blamed for, and it had nothing to
do with Grand Theft Auto at all.
It had to do with children torturing animals.
Yes, that's right.
Apparently, the newest crime that Grand Theft Auto can get blamed for is hanging kittens
with game controller cords after playing Grand Theft Auto.
Apparently, a pair of unsupervised boys, six and seven years old, stoned a kitten and then
strung it up following a Grand Theft Auto session.
They reportedly used the controller cable in lieu of a rope.
And you're not talking about blowing the bong smoke in the kitty's face.
No, no.
Oh, god, that's terrible.
No.
Apparently, this happened in late October in Mesa, Arizona, and it says the investigation
began when deputies went to the neighborhood of one of the two boys and found the kitten
hanging by its neck from a backyard tree.
The boys had apparently used the wire for the video game controller they were playing
Grand Theft Auto to hoist up the kitten.
The animal's head had been injured by blows from rocks.
You know, I'm thinking this goes a little bit beyond video games.
I'm thinking these kids are just really, really, really, really, really fucked up.
Hold on.
But the county sheriff actually said, so one question, or what was it?
Who is this guy?
Arpeo.
I'm not sure if it's the boys' parents or something.
It says, this game allows players to kill cops and rape women.
It's a little wonder why they perpetrated such violence against the little animal.
YYR in our chat, it says the parents are to blame.
They should have bought wireless controllers.
It doesn't matter.
They would have stoned it to death anyways.
Becker's just dying to say something.
Institutionalize your children.
They're going to grow up to be serial killers.
That has nothing to do with the video games.
This is coming from a mom.
Parents, this has nothing to do with video games.
This has everything to do with you.
Your genes did this.
Stop passing them on.
Your hell spawn, Damien Light, did this.
I agree with Becky, padded room.
Or just give them a hammer and leave them in a room by themselves.
Now can we end the show?
Can we end the show now?
No.
Thank you for ending the show on Dead Kittens, you ass.
Hey, I gotta go home and hug my kitty.
Okay, okay, okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I have one thing that will make it all better.
Cookies.
Yay, cookies.
And on that note, we're going to go eat some cookies and end the show.
Good night.
Oh, and by the way, if you enjoy Orange on Trio,
please tell two people you know about the program and help us spread the word,
because as I mentioned earlier, it's really hard to stay afloat
amongst all the commercialized and corporate shows out there.
Word of mouth, it rocks.
And you rock when you leave us happy reviews.
And join us for live shows on all games radio Sunday nights at 6 o'clock.
But if you can't, hey, listen to our recorded shows too.
Send us an email sometime, because it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
