Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and the Lowkey
Tonight, December 14th, 2008, the Commodore 64 game returns to the Nintendo DS.
Nintendo faces yet another Wii lawsuit. Could a rez sequel be in the works?
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Oprah, Gayle, Stedman, Dr. Phil.
You might be able to flesh out the cast there.
Sj100Matt says Shaq Fu versus Capcom.
Alright guys, that's enough.
That's enough versus Capcom jokes.
I'm done.
Anything else you've been playing this week, Loki?
Grand Theft Auto IV on PC, and it's still, it's weird, because I tried upgrading the
RAM on my PC to four gigs, even though Windows can only see, like, two of it, but I was going
to do it anyways, and I had a bad run with bad RAM from Fry's.
Apparently, Fry's, they keep taking back, my defective RAM is just a stock return, and
so they have, like, four that they keep swapping out, even though it's defective.
So I stopped buying RAM there, because it's pointless, and it would have been too much
of a pain in the ass to get, you know, to see it on my computer.
So and that's being said, yeah, I haven't really been playing too much of Grand Theft
Auto IV, since it's still kind of buggy, even though they patched it a little bit to fix
some stuff, it's not enough, it doesn't support SLI yet, and that kind of pisses me off, because
that's, you know, I spent the money for an extra video card, I want the games to fucking
see it, and I mean, come on, it's like a standard nowadays, it's just lazy, damn lazy is what
it is.
Alright, well if that's it for your gaming week, then my gaming week, kind of a lot of
the same usual stuff, I've obviously been playing a lot of The Wrath of the Lich King,
I have done a big, big thing in WoW this week, I respect for a long term basis, because we're
so short on healers, just on the server in general, not just our guild, but the server,
I'm no longer a boomkin, but I'm now a resto tree druid, and it's been a whole different
game trying to play it as a healer, but I won't bore you with the specifics, and I think
we have a WoW story coming up later.
Also some other things I've been playing, some old standbys, Rock Band 2, I downloaded
the new No Doubt album, because I like fun pop music, and then, you know, the nice thing
I like about the album they picked by No Doubt is that they just picked the greatest hits
album, so you don't have a lot of, you know, songs that you don't really know, and that's
the problem with some of these album songs, is that in a party setting, they don't work
very well, because you don't really know the songs, usually, that weren't, you know, the
radio hits, but the cool thing is the No Doubt album, like, it's all songs you'd probably
recognize if you listened to the radio in the 90s and early 2000s at all.
So I had fun with that.
I checked out Meteos Wars, I only checked out the demo, so I don't want to really review
a full game based strictly off the demo.
Graphics were a little minimalist in the stage I played, however, it's a fairly faithful
translation.
I was wondering how you would have the speed of the stylus in a game like Meteos Wars,
but the way they did it was kind of neat.
Instead of sliding the pieces up and down, you use triangle to move a piece up a row
really fast, and you use, what, X, I'm sorry, triangles would be a PlayStation, I'm sorry,
Y.
You use Y to move a thing up really fast, you use A to move it down really fast.
So that I thought was a neat way to control it, and it actually made the game pretty playable,
but it's so different looking at it on a TV than having the pen in front of you, like,
you really have to think about the game a different way.
But it was fun.
I probably will buy the full version a little later on, especially now that I finally got
a bigger hard drive for the Xbox 360, I finally am replacing my 20 gig with a 120 gig drive
after all this time, so I can rip some of my games to the drive.
As far as other new games go, I did spend a little bit more time with Prince of Persia
on the PlayStation 3.
This is the brand new one by Ubisoft.
It's very famous because it's kind of, I would say it's kind of left the old Prince of Persia
games, like the Sands of Time, and look at those games behind, and now they have this
more cel-shaded, I guess you could say like Okami type of art style going on.
I don't know what you'd really call that, but it's a very different art style.
And you know, I'm not usually a big fan of these platformer games.
I actually really like Prince of Persia, I've had a lot of fun with it.
I've kind of kept playing it, it's kind of held my interest.
The scripting in the game is a little silly, but it's, you know what I mean, like it's
got a silly sense of humor, but it's funny, you know, I don't know if you, did you play
much of the game at all?
I haven't played it at all yet.
It's cheesy but good, you know, for a video game.
And yeah, the thing I like about it so far is that it really does help out idiots like
me in platformer games, because I'm really horrible at these 3D platformer games, you
know?
I grew up in a day where it was all 2D, you know, Mario Brothers, Super Mario World, and
all this, and even the old school Prince of Persia is 2D, it's taken me a long time to
really get used to 3D.
I even still have problems with Mario 64, ok?
But the thing I like about Prince of Persia is that they've done things in this game that
make it really accessible to noobs, because like, the game really holds your hand for
a long time.
And what I also like about it is that even if you fall off a cliff, you don't really
die.
You have the chick as a crutch to kind of save you.
And you know, I think a lot of hardcore gamers have been really turned off by that, but for
me, I've kind of appreciated it, and it's kind of made me want to continue to play,
because I don't lose massive amounts of time, because I don't know how to turn the freaking
camera.
And that's what Tigerclaw says, says, Sky, what about the fact that you cannot die in
the game?
You know, I suppose you have to kind of take that with a give and take.
Again, for someone like me who gets really frustrated when I have to go all the way back
in a game, I kind of like that fact.
But I do realize, you know, the other side of it, that there's the challenge people that
say, well, where's the challenge in it if you don't die, if you don't ever die?
And I don't know, progress still feels a lot like challenge to me.
You have to collect things, and you don't have to collect everything, you get light
seeds.
And you don't have to collect them all to progress to new areas, but you get a sense
of accomplishment for collecting them all, so they've done other little things with it.
I kind of enjoy it.
I would recommend folks check it out.
I thought kind of the fighting was fun, even though it was a lot of button mashing, but
it's kind of cool tricks.
And you know, my roommate and his partner, who neither one of them really play games,
they were kind of watching me play Prince of Persia, and kind of like, oh, what's this?
Oh, this looks neat.
What is this you're doing?
So it's kind of fun.
Achievements are really, really easy, though, too, I noticed, at least, or the trophies
or whatever.
I noticed I unlocked a silver trophy really easy.
I didn't have to do hardly anything, so kind of interesting.
So that was pretty much it for new games I played this week.
I'm hoping that I'll probably actually play Prince of Persia a lot more, try to play through
the collision.
They thought it was a Final Fantasy game, and I'm like, no, there's no, you know.
I was going to ask you, did you try out Home?
Did I try what?
Home.
Yes, I did try Sony Home.
I did download Home.
I played that for a little bit.
You know, Home is one of those things that I think it was a really great idea, but this
execution that we're seeing of it is kind of not that great.
You know what I mean?
Like, God, if you think Xbox Live is bad, the minute I logged into Home, I just started
hearing every naughty word in the book.
Just everything you'd hear on Xbox Live.
I didn't even know that you could use microphones on Sony Home, but apparently you can.
So yeah.
I don't know.
And again, it was also one of those things where it kind of caused the non-game playing
people who come through this house to kind of look at the TV and go, what is this?
This looks kind of neat.
Like, they were watching me in the bowling alley, and all this stuff in the bowling alley
is really stupid.
Like, I tried playing one of the games in there, which was basically an overdone version
of Breakout, you know, like just a redone version of that, but it's all free, you have
to remember, so you can't expect that it's going to be anything that great, because they're
going to nickel and dime you, like they're trying to do with the costumes and everything.
This all being said, I do think there's potential here for something cool.
Like I think there is, like, networking potential within Home.
I'm kind of excited for the clubhouses to come out, because I would like for us to have
like an OLR clubhouse, where we could boot idiots and things like that, and I think we
could have a lot of fun with it.
Here's my thing.
Right now, it's just this clusterfuck of strangeness.
I mean, honestly, it's what it is.
I don't know how else to explain it.
Now, do you think it's fair for them to be advertising this as like a feature of the
PlayStation 3, since it is only in beta right now?
I mean, they've been having it in commercials since, what, last year?
I mean, I think that's kind of unfair.
I will answer that question, but let me address this, because I got a private message, like,
what is Home?
Those of us that aren't as familiar with this, basically, Home is like a virtual world, and
these types of things were especially big back in the late 90s, and then kind of caught
a second wind with Second Life, but like when the whole virtual reality thing first came
out, they used to have these chat programs, where you could be like a little virtual avatar,
and you walk around a virtual world, and then, you know, Second Life kind of really took
that to the next level on the PCs.
Well, this is kind of Sony's version of Second Life, where you create a little version of
yourself.
You know, you can think of me, I guess, but it's a lot more realistic, and you literally,
using your controllers, walk around an open area, where there's other people dancing,
or talking, or interacting with each other, but then you can go into, like, a bowling
alley, and you can walk up to a bowling machine, if they're not all full, which they usually
are, and play bowling with other people, and interact with them that way, or you can walk
up to an arcade machine.
So it's kind of like, you know, it's like a virtual life.
So it's kind of like a game, but it's not.
I don't know if that makes any sense at all.
It's their idea to try and, of a new networking thing.
So.
VXJSnacksV in chat says, Second Life is a construct.
Home is a construct.
All right.
So now, what was your question?
Home, is it fair to advertise it?
Yeah.
It's obvious that Sony wanted to do a lot more with this.
It's not implemented yet.
I'm not sure what's taken them so long, but maybe it's just like, again, it's one of those
things where the ideas are coming faster than the reality of being able to program it in.
So is it?
I mean, technically, yeah, they can advertise it.
I would equate it to when they advertise video games with nothing but the cut scenes from
the game.
Yeah.
But that's basically, it's kind of the equivalent of that.
To me.
I mean, it's not, it's giving a little bit of a misinterpretation, but it's not anything
anyone's already done, if that makes sense.
Okay.
So.
What about you?
Have you played Home at all?
No.
From what you've read about it.
Honestly, if you've read about it online, you've probably gotten a pretty good sense
of what it's all about.
Honestly.
Yeah.
Do you think it's fair for them to use it in advertising?
No.
I don't.
It's in beta.
It's not even done.
It's, to me, I mean.
Isn't Gmail still in beta?
Yeah.
But it's functional.
This, I would say, it's close to being functional, but it's not, it'd be like putting out a demo
of a game or something like that, and then advertising that in a commercial for, like,
you know, the PlayStation or something like that, like, play Killzone 2, oh, except it's
not out.
It's just a demo or something like that.
I don't know.
It's misleading.
Not that anyone really gives a crap about, you know, their commercials, since, I mean,
I think the sales number speaks for themselves, so, whatever.
I just think it's kind of misleading.
I think there's potential in Home, but it has yet to be unlocked.
Also, the only other thing I want to say about Home is that it's a little confusing.
I mean, the things about the Xbox and the, well, especially the Nintendo one, those are
very easy to just kind of pop into and go, and, you know, obviously neither system has
done something as ambitious as Home, but Home's kind of complicated.
Like, it took me a minute to really kind of work through the menus and everything, and
it really is, it's even more tough when not everything's available yet.
That's the other kind of bummer about it.
And Jason wants to correct that Gmail is no longer in beta.
Gmail is official.
Gmail Labs is beta add-ons.
So there you go.
Interesting comments from Chad.
SSJ100Matt says, it's like calling Windows 3.1.1 a game.
Yeah, I know.
Home isn't really a game.
It's like folding at home is not really a game either.
It's a simulation.
Yeah, it's a thing.
No, I guess you could say it's a simulation.
I don't know.
So, all right, let's get into some gaming news after we talk about some housekeeping
real quick, of which we don't have a whole lot of tonight.
Just, you know, always check us out on MySpace at Orange Launch Radio or Facebook at the
OL Army.
Our Twitter is OLR.
We're also on LiveJournal, Community Orange Lounge, and we always try to keep you updated.
Today and on Latest and Greatest, although it's been kind of a busy past few months,
so a lot of our internet presence has really slowed down, so sorry about that.
But we're still trying to keep you going with the show and do what we always do, and hopefully
2009 will be a little better.
Maybe it'll be warmer.
Oh, also, one thing you've got to see at home is that when you go into the theater, you
just get to see an extended Twilight trailer playing on the screen over and over and over
again.
I haven't seen it, nor probably will I.
It's very Mystery Science 3000-able.
That would be funny.
That's the type of stuff they should be using home for.
See, that's why I say there's potential there.
That doesn't necessarily mean Sony's going to ever unlock it.
I'm just saying.
There's potential.
All right.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
Yes, speaking of Sony, Sony has been seeing some hard times, and they're actually cutting
plants and, with that, slashing 8,000 jobs.
This is all supposed to happen between now and April of 2010, and Sony will cut about
5% of their electronics divisions and close a tenth of its manufacturing sites.
That's not good, especially in this tough economy.
But, hmm.
That's kind of sad.
I mean, is it just because PS3s haven't been selling well, or is it that now they don't
need these people because the PS3's already out, or what?
I think it's just because they haven't been selling well, because there's no need to have
these extra plants producing more systems if they're not selling out.
They're not having an issue with selling out at all.
Although they are, at times, hard to find, just because they keep phasing out skews left
and right.
I mean, crap.
I mean, this year alone, there's been four different skews for the PS3.
I mean, that's kind of crazy right there.
Well, that's four new skews, and that's not even including the ones that we came in this
year with.
I don't know.
This is kind of related, but it kind of goes back to what we were talking about with Home.
I really want to read this comment, because it's interesting.
Frisbee says in chat, the Dark Knight DVD has an MST3K feature in it, and Tiger Claw
says, kind of fills that out a little bit, says, actually, the Blu-ray version of the
Dark Knight has a BD Live feature that allows you to do fan commentaries using a webcam
with a PS3.
Once you finish the commentary, it gets uploaded to the servers for others to be able to watch
the movie with.
That's kind of strange.
It's neat.
That's kind of cool with the whole BD Live thing.
So I mean, that's...
I haven't really watched any Blu-rays that have the BD Live.
You know, one thing I did watch, though, was on Netflix.
I watched King of Kong this week.
Finally.
God, how long has that movie been out?
Like a year.
I finally watched King of Kong this week, which is in HD on the Netflix thing on 360,
which I thought was pretty cool.
And wow.
What an interesting movie.
That's really the only word I can use to describe it as interesting.
Certain people are kind of dicks.
The drama is still playing out.
Here's the thing, though.
God, how far do I want to get into this on the show?
Especially when we were just talking about something completely different, and I apologize.
It's very sad that people lost their jobs, but unfortunately we don't know much more
than that at this time about it.
So here we are on this whole other subject.
You gotta kind of wonder, like with this movie, how biased is it trying to be?
And I'm not trying to say that Billy Mitchell is not likely the pompous ass he made himself
to be in the movie, but I don't know.
There's something about it.
Something about the fact that they had all these cameras in just the right places at
just the right times when all these things were going on.
There's something about it that says there's some type of editing stuff going on here.
I don't know.
But then at the same time, I know a lot of our folks listen to the other shows on All
Games, and you've probably heard all this crap about the Twin Galaxies and Mr. Awesome's
been on All Games off and on throughout the years, and all this crap going on with Twin
Galaxies.
And it just kind of goes to show you, this drama has been going on for years and is continuing
even still today.
Not just with Donkey Kong, but with the official scores in general.
And it's just kind of, I don't know, it's a very ambitious topic.
But again, my roommate who doesn't play a lot of games watched most of the movie with
me.
He kind of had his head in his laptop when he was watching the movie, and he was just
kind of like, all of these people are sad.
These people are all sad.
And I'm kind of like, well, wait a minute, though.
He's like, well, not the Steve Weeby guy seems pretty cool or whatever, and his family's
pretty funny.
But most of the people in the movie are very sad individuals, like Billy and his lackeys
and all that stuff.
And I'm kind of like, well...
But Billy Mitchell actually owns his own business and makes his...
I'm saying he's still an ass, but he's a successful businessman.
Yeah, it's interesting.
Petty, yes.
He's petty.
That's a good word.
That's a good word.
But successful and not stupid.
Like the whole thing where he sends a tape in.
Did you see the movie?
Several times.
Okay, he sends the tape in.
The King of Kong was a very good movie.
He sent the tape in and all this stuff.
Like, did you notice, they have a camera at his house when he sends in the tape.
They have a camera there.
They have the camera with Grandma at the airport.
I'm kind of like, this seems all way too pre-planned for me.
That was the only problem I had with the movie, is it seemed...
This documentary was really well done.
Like almost too well done.
I don't know.
It was weird.
Well, I also do see him as being rather pompous enough to want to tape everything.
But here's the thing.
Here's what I was going to say.
And this is what I was kind of going to tell my roommate about too.
You see these kind of pompous asses in lots of sports.
Like you ever watch some of these football press conferences or wrestling or boxing?
I mean, some of us cheer on these pompous assholes in wrestling.
You know what I mean?
So in a way, I don't hate the guy or, you know, I do kind of, you know, he did come
off like a pompous ass in the movie, but you know, maybe there's more to him than that.
I don't know.
Just interesting.
It's...
Yeah.
And then you look at some of these side stories going on.
Like the whole, like, you know, Mr. Awesome Missile Command.
I never realized, I never, and keep in mind, I've been watching this whole thing play out
on all games.
I never realized that he had the direct impact on that movie by sending the guy the Donkey
Kong board that he did.
And just to kind of see, like literally, I was just kind of like, wow, a lot of this
makes sense now, what I've been hearing on all games.
Like damn, these people and their drama over scores, but I don't know.
It's all they've got.
I...
It's...
I know, I know.
I don't fault them for it.
I don't think they're sad people.
It's what they're into.
You know, it's...
I think it's just...
Oh.
I don't know.
It hurts my head to think about it.
It almost like makes you wonder.
It's like, okay, so say you have it.
And you know who I blame even more to?
It's the fucking Guinness Book of World Records, because they're not helping things.
Now putting out this stupid gaming book and stuff.
They're just egging it on.
And not only that, but they have stupid, you know, records in there, like people that claim
to have the highest score in DDR, a game that I don't think that you can have a high score
in.
It's just...
I don't know.
It's so subjective.
Forgive my ignorance here.
I don't know.
I plain don't know the answer to this.
Maybe the chat does.
Does anyone audit Twin Galaxies?
That's the only kind of thing I had with them, is that, you know, yes, you know, they talk
about integrity and all this, but obviously the movie showed questionable integrity on
the part of Twin Galaxies, whether that was creative editing or not, whatevs.
But does anybody audit Twin Galaxies?
You know, especially if there are things that are going to be in the Guinness Book of World
Records and what have you.
Does Guinness audit them?
Guinness would, because they have, like, you know, they're strict regulations for how they
do things.
I don't think they would just take Twin Galaxies' word for it.
I mean, they'd have someone standing there recording all the data that's necessary.
At least that's how they do everything else, and I would think that they would have the
same integrity, since, you know, their name, you know, has a lot of writing on it.
So...
And, you know, I understand, you know, I understand why people get all into it, because, like,
you know, I think one guy who was, like, a friend of Steve Levy or something said it
best in the movie.
This guy, my friend Steve, is the best in the world at something, in the entire world.
And true, it might be Donkey Kong, but he's the best in the world.
And you know, I can see why people get so passionate about that.
Did you see him play through the kill screen?
Yeah.
That was pretty sweet.
Yeah.
I was playing through the kill screen once, once, and I was little, so...
All right, anyhow, sorry, a total tangent that took up more time than the much-
It's a cool tangent.
It's gaming and not food.
Much sadder story.
Speaking of food, though, I ate at Olive Garden today, home of the never-ending breadsticks.
I'm sorry I didn't invite you, Jamie, I just, it was a last-minute thing, but that's the
first time I've had it since the surgery and everything.
Sorry, bad tangent, especially following a story about such horrible layoffs as Sony,
but unfortunately we don't have a lot more to tell you there.
All right, let's talk about sales, and maybe this might help explain kind of the Sony layoffs
and so on.
Some of the November numbers from MPD are in, talking about the sales, and the Wii in
November sold 2.04 million units, probably no one's surprised.
The DS in second place, 1.57 million units.
Xbox 360, 836K, PSP, 421K, PS3, 378K, PlayStation 2 is finally in last place, 206K.
So this might finally be the PS2 kind of walking out the door here.
But it's kind of strange that the PS3, you know, is-
The PS2 is definitely on its way out, it's not, I'd say maybe by the end of next year,
because I mean, looking just at what the releases are, like for example, in February, there
are three games coming out for the PS2, and that is it.
In January, I think two or three also coming out, so it's getting a lot less prevalent,
but I think by the end of next year, you'll see most games have already moved on to the
new platforms.
And we see the PSP sold more than the PS3, which is, you know, well, it's a cheaper system.
And they were also just coming out with the new PS3, or PSP 3000s.
Float Walkin' Chat says people buy PSP still?
Yeah, because, you know, they are, you know, it isn't just a game system, but it's, you
know, the whole movies and internet and MP3s in your pocket, so it's-
But they are released.
Sadly enough, a lot of the publishers are just not making PSP games anymore.
Yeah.
And a lot of games coming out is really sad, and it's not a good sign.
Why do you think everyone jumps ships suddenly?
Just sales?
Just sales numbers.
They put out a PSP version of their game, and either development takes too long, or,
you know, it just doesn't sell.
Like, I've noticed a lot with, you know, like Crash of the Titans, for example, came out
at the beginning of October on, you know, all the other systems, it came out a few weeks
later on the PSP.
You know, the PSP versions are getting delayed.
I don't know why.
I mean, I can't imagine it's that hard a program for it, but it's just, they don't sell very
well.
Their versions aren't very good.
It's just, they all have the install base for it.
People are playing DSs more, which, you know, there's a lot of good PSP games, it's just,
I don't know.
It's gonna take some really good PSP games.
It does sound like, though, Sony has some plans of what they're gonna do to maybe drive
more PSP sales, and they're definitely not giving up on it, you know, with the whole
rumors with LittleBigPlanet and MotorStorm.
You know, we know Dissida's coming out next year, probably sometime.
So those are three big games right there.
You know, I wonder if the Final Fantasy VII remake that people always have big boners
talking about on the PlayStation 3, like, you know, big fan-gasm, you know, talking
about they want it to happen on PlayStation 3.
I wonder if they wouldn't do something like that for PSP.
I wouldn't think it'd be very good.
They could bring the Final Fantasy VII, maybe redo some of the graphics a little bit, but,
you know, like a high-quality remake like you saw the little teaser video for, I think
they'll have to be on the PS3.
Eh, crazy thought.
Let me recap the ten games that sold the best November.
This gives you a really good idea of what's gonna wind up under trees at Christmas time,
and what I like about this list is it really is a mixture of big releases getting sold
on their day of release and things that are gonna be under the Christmas tree.
Number ten was Wii Music, on the Wii, which, you know, kind of contradicts that story we
had a couple weeks ago that wasn't selling very well, because it was the tenth best-selling
game in November.
Maybe didn't hit the millions and millions of expectations, but, I mean, the tenth best-selling
game out of everything that's out there, that's not that bad.
No?
Right?
Well, then also I think last, the last report we saw for the NPD numbers, it was only out
for like a week, so that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Ninth place, I'm sorry?
I was gonna say, it definitely isn't selling as well as some of the other Wii games, let
me put it that way, though.
Ninth, well, there's only five Wii games on this list, so it's the fifth best-selling
Wii games, and when we talk about what Wii games are selling, it's old shit, so, I don't
know, it's in, you know, I...
I can probably have explanations for most of these, so go ahead.
Number nine was Resistance 2 on the PlayStation 3, which, you know, is PS3's, one of their
big titles.
Number eight was Left 4 Dead on the Xbox 360.
I really need to pick that game up.
That game's been performing above expectations, right?
Yeah.
I'm doing very well.
Number seven was Guitar Hero World Tour on the Wii.
Number six was Call of Duty World of War on the PS3.
Number five was Mario Kart on the Wii.
You know why?
That game's still short-handed.
People are still trying to get it because they've either artificially made it short
for it, or whatever the case may be.
It's been hard to get in, let me put it that way.
Well, I was just also guessing that's a game that's gonna be under Christmas trees everywhere.
Oh, yeah.
That's a game that sells.
I mean, even on DS, it's still very popular.
Number four, Wii Fit.
Also another thing that's very short and hard to find.
Number three, Wii Play with the remote.
People just sell that like a remote, and hey, you get a $10 game.
That's gotta be why this game is still chopping the charts.
That's exactly why it's doing it.
It's because you get a remote.
I mean, it's an easy sell.
It's like you either buy a $40 remote, or for an extra $10, you get a game that's just
like Wii Sports.
And I bet parents everywhere are looking at this going, oh, cool, and putting it for the
kids.
Exactly.
That's gotta be it.
Number two, Call of Duty World of War, the 360 version.
And then number one would be Gears of War 2 on the Xbox 360.
But I should point out, if you add up the two Call of Duty World of Wars across 360
and PS3, that would be number one, not Gears of War 2.
But Gears of War 2 being Xbox 360 exclusive only has the one system to consider.
So just interesting.
Interesting list.
There you go.
Your November NPD numbers.
Well, for people like me who have an iPhone, there is some fun out there, although I've
been hearing mixed reviews on it.
There is I Love Katamari, which is actually I Love Katamari on the iPhone.
It's $7.99, and you can either play it on the iPhone or the iPod Touch.
And it's 82 meg, has a story, time attack, eternal and exact size.
And it apparently suffers really bad from the iPhone's poor frame rate for games, but
I figured I might download it eventually.
The last game I actually paid for was Pole Position.
I was gonna check it out, but then I read the reviews, and they all were bitching about
the frame rate.
And I was like, okay, maybe this isn't so cool.
Yeah, but that's just iPhone games anyway.
You look at any review on an iPhone game, they're gonna talk about the frame rate unless
it's something, you know, dinky like Pac-Man.
Or Labyrinth, which is what I play all the time.
It doesn't matter, though.
I don't think, that's like bitching about the frame rate on any system.
I can't say that that's a reason to even put out a game then, oh, I can't get the frame
rate up where I need to be.
Well, then you can't release the game.
You can't get it up.
You have to make some sort of, like, you know, omissions, you know, for, I don't know whether
it be, like, you just use, like, cel-shading, you know, with really flat textures, so that,
you know, the size of the textures isn't really big, and so it's able to render it faster,
or I don't know, you know, they're trying to push the iPhone as, like, this big gaming
platform, and yeah, unfortunately to me, that's almost like pushing the N-Gage as a big gaming
platform.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
First of all, games look a jillion times better on the iPhone than they did on the N-Gage,
and I had a great gaming taco, I understand this.
On top of that, there's so much more functionality with the iPhone that comparing it to that
waste of electronics that was the N-Gage is seriously, like, comparing, I would have to
say a Blackberry with one of those old car phones, you know, that you had to attach to
your cigarette lighter and was the size of your head.
Here's my thing, is they, well, they're trying to be like a gaming platform, I mean, that's
what they keep saying is, like, they're, you know, one of the best gaming platforms out
there, which, I don't know how they can claim that, but they are.
I think if, you know, it's funny, if Nintendo had almost, like, taken the same idea and
just done almost, like, what XNA is doing, and opened that up to people to release apps
for, like, the DS, can you imagine how much money they'd make?
It's just ridiculous.
But it's the same thing there, and I can't even really call them a gaming platform anyways,
because for me, a game console is something that you can actually buy games for, not necessarily
just digital downloads, and I know that's the future of stuff, but I'm just not seeing
it.
I just, I think it's more casual, I don't know, I don't think it's ever going to take
the place of a handheld game system.
I want to read this comment real quick from AlphaKananagram in chat.
I love Katamari, in its current build, is the worst eight bucks I've spent.
It's neat, but slow.
Oh, there you go, a listener review of the game.
All right, let's move on.
Okay, so some other cool stuff.
We talked about this a little bit, you know, Home has finally made its way out, or at least
the beta of it.
It is a 77 meg download, however, you do need to have, I believe, three gigs dedicated to
this.
Yeah, when you start it up, it says that you have to dedicate three gigs of your drive
to the game, and it says okay, and then you basically, it partitions off a part of the
drive for it.
I don't know what it's doing.
It reserves a part of the drive.
That's because you're downloading new areas as you go.
You can go in there and download new stuff.
I'm not sure what it's all used for.
I don't know if it's caching data or something.
I think it's storage of the actual areas and stuff like that, probably the video.
Areas aren't that big.
The funny thing is, when you start Home, okay, then you get your apartment, but then you
have to download the central area, which is like 70 megs, and you have to download the
theater if you want to go in the theater, which is 40 megs.
You have to download the bowling alley, which is another 40 megs.
I don't know why they just didn't do it all at once.
Yeah, that part did seem a little silly to me, but whatever.
You just do it, and it doesn't take that long on a high-speed connection, which you're using
to play these things anyway.
Maybe it was so that you don't download stuff you don't need, but I just figured the 3 gigs
was some type of cache information.
It's probably so that their servers don't crash from everybody downloading it all at
once, and that way, it saves them a little bit of time, and then that way, every time
it goes in there, it checks to see if there's any updates to it.
Kind of like, remember how AOL was, how you'd go to different pages and you'd download updates?
It's kind of like that.
So it is available right now.
You can check it out.
However, there are issues, and obviously, they've been having trouble with it staying
online, and they've had to actually shut down the PlayStation Network for about an hour
to fix stuff, and yeah.
So it's definitely acting like it was in beta, but it's available to check out, and it's
been a long time coming.
Weren't they having a lot of issues on launch day with the downloads?
Yeah.
Like, I heard, yeah.
But I don't know.
I got in there very easily, but I didn't remember it was out until, like, late in the evening.
I think I'd been watching a movie, and then I was like, oh yeah, I want to download Home.
Yeah, I'm not going to try it for a while.
I just haven't gotten, I'm not really gung-ho to jump into it.
It just kind of, eh.
It was like the avatars for me, you know, just like on the new Xbox experience or whatever.
It was kind of neat, made my avatar.
That's it, you know, whatever.
Question from Chatroom.
Tigerclaw asks, interesting.
Does it let you walk around the world as it downloads in the backgrounds and stuff?
It's kind of annoying when you're walking in an environment that appears empty, and
then about a minute later, everything suddenly appears, and you appear to have run into a
wall.
No, it doesn't do that with the environments.
That's why you have to download everything before you go in.
So it doesn't actually download the environment as you go.
It will download as you go, like the movie that's playing in the movie theater, like
the Twilight trailer or whatever.
You have to wait for that to download before you're going to see it on the screen.
But what's kind of sad about that is that there's nothing to do in that theater otherwise.
I mean, people are there sitting in seats talking and saying all these things you really
don't even need to read anyway.
That's just lame.
But, I don't know, there's really not a lot of point to it.
Now remember when Home was going to let me show whatever movie I wanted to on my screen
in my home?
Like, remember that?
Yeah.
We were supposed to have that?
Now that would have been cool.
Yeah, I think they got rid of that because of licensing.
I know, because you'd think people would put up porn and what have you.
No, I think they weren't even caring about porn, they were caring about people putting
up like, say, a fight.
Okay, so copyrighted porn.
Yeah.
Okay.
But imagine if we could have had an OLR clubhouse, and we could have shot like some video just
for fun that could loop in the clubhouse or something that we could have had in there
just for fun and change it out once a week or something.
That would be great, and that's potential, but I just know that's not going to happen
for years.
Now is that something like, what is it, where you have to be, do you have to be like, logged
into that, your account or something like that for someone to be able to jump into your
clubhouse?
Or is it just-
It's not available yet.
Yeah.
And you're going to have to pay for them when they do come out.
I mean, if it's just a small fee, I don't mind paying it just to kind of screw around
with it, you know, because I think there's potential to, you know, kind of have the community
there and, you know, we're all about community here at OLR.
But I want to know a little more about what you can actually do with it, because it seems
like it's going to be a little limiting.
And I don't know if I would have to be on or not, but the PS3 is also one of those systems
you can kind of just leave on, and it doesn't make any noise or nothing.
If you could, like, hook up a PS3 in here, and then broadcast our show into that clubhouse
and have us on the TV.
That's what I was thinking!
Like, wouldn't that be an awesome potential?
That would be awesome.
Like, if we could actually, because if you can talk through your headset, then that thing
supports streaming audio, and I'm sure there would be a way that during the duration of
the show we could just shut everyone else up.
We shouldn't be giving away all our ideas, other podcasts are going to steal them.
Eh, whatever.
Wouldn't be the first time.
But, you know, that's kind of like the idea I would want to do.
So there's potential there, but I don't know.
Jason says, you can create a club at home and it will cost $5.
Can you actually do that now?
When I tried to look at it, you couldn't do it.
Did they actually open that up and I just couldn't figure it out?
Tigerclaw says, this is why Second Life does it better.
You can actually create a club, invite people to come over, and the club will actually play
music in the background by streaming a shotcast stream into it.
Maybe we should have put a thing in Second Life a long time ago, but it was kind of expensive,
wasn't it?
I don't remember.
It's Second Life, I don't want to touch that.
It's like, dirty.
Well, home's not much better then.
Well, it's not much better, but it's like the new gas station bathroom.
It's a brand new gas station!
The bathroom hasn't quite gotten all disease-ridden yet.
Alright, well, let's move on.
Let's talk about other PlayStation 3.
What could have been, and according to 1UP, apparently what happened, Final Fantasy Elite
11.
Kind of interesting that it came out on the Xbox 360, but it never really came out on
the PlayStation 3.
I mean, true, you could do the PS2 backwards compatibility, but even then, sometimes the
hard drive issues would kind of get in the way, I think, depending on what system you
owned, I think.
But then you could download a patch that would allow you to play it from the PS2 version
on the PS3.
Okay, that's cool.
But at some point, they were going to release, I guess, a nicer version, I guess you could
say, on the PlayStation 3.
Probably one with all the expansions included and what have you.
Well, apparently, it was supposed to happen, but apparently, the Sony representative that
Square was working with, they were working with Hiromichi Tanaka, I guess, was just quit.
And they never really resumed talks, which is kind of strange.
Oh well, Final Fantasy 11 is still getting three new expansions next year, but not through
the traditional retail channels.
They will all be downloadable story expansions.
No new classes, none of that stuff, just story and quest expansions, which is interesting.
I assume zone expansions, too.
So yep, Final Fantasy 11 on the PS3, it was an idea, so if you wondered why it wasn't
there, somebody else must have been thinking of the same thing, but then they just gave
up.
Yeah, they didn't care, like some of us.
I guess.
I'm kind of over Final Fantasy 11.
I know you're in Other Addiction now.
Yeah, I have WoW now, but I would like to revisit Final Fantasy 11 someday when it gets
redone and has a new, like Final Fantasy 11-2.
Why not?
They did 10-2.
Why can't they do 11-2?
Maybe because they have good taste sometimes.
Oh, shush.
Well, here's something that should excite a lot of people.
I know there's a lot of our listeners out there who are fans of Fallout 3.
Well, for the PC, Bethesda actually brought out a PC toolset for Fallout 3 so that you
can, I guess, create your own levels.
You can modify and edit buildings, landscapes, dialogue characters, basically you can just
change it all up into your own game, pretty much.
That's why Logie's not all over this.
It was called the Garden of Eden Creation Kit.
I don't really mod games anymore.
I wait for other people to mod them and then add to it.
You can download it off of the Fallout 3 website.
It's 8.47 megabytes.
I want someone to do the wondrous thing that someone has done with the Half-Life editor
and make me a Hypercube version of Fallout 3.
I would like to see one where the world ended because of something Jamie did.
Mega Maniac Mansion!
Seriously, you totally could.
That would be pretty awesome.
Well, actually, I was going to say, other than all the cool stuff for Half-Life, Grand
Theft Auto IV, they have some of the first mods out there for it.
Of course, the game actually doesn't allow you to run files that are modified, but someone's
found a way around it, like it was cake or something.
And they've made pistols that fire rockets, which are pretty funny, and then also pistols
and machine guns that have really hard kickbacks to them, so you fire it at a car or something
and it actually blows the car back and blows people away like they got hit with a jet or
something.
But it's pretty funny and cool handling mods and stuff like that.
You can set it up drifting and whatnot.
So it's crazy that this game's only been out for a week or so and they've already gotten
mods and a mod system in place.
So can't wait to actually try some of these.
Haven't gone around to actually modding it yet, but that's why I got it.
So fun times.
Alright.
Now, some other cool stuff available for Fallout 3, of course, is some brand new download content,
and that'll be coming soon.
What's kind of neat about the download content, though, is they're going to be raising the
level cap on it, and you'll actually be able to...
I don't know what level they're going to raise it to, but I know right now it's pretty limited.
I think it's like 30 or something, which is kind of cool.
And then, of course, the first screenshots have been released for the new download content
where you get the fight in Alaska, which is kind of cool looking.
Fight in Alaska?
Well, it's going to be like a simulation, I guess, for one of the...
I haven't played the game yet, but some of the backstory stuff for it, which is kind
of neat.
And that should be coming soon.
I think the level cap is actually going to be the third bit of updates that they're going
to have, but they're going to also add, I guess, some more stealth action focused missions.
They're also going to have a Chinese base to get the fight through, and some other exclusive
download content.
But, yeah, the first download content actually should be available soon.
Operation Anchorage is what it's called.
And it's four to five hours long.
It's going to be 800 Microsoft points.
All right, well, shifting gears here a little bit, talking about a different type of quest.
I promised there'd be a story on WoW tonight, and it's not really the type of story you
might be expecting.
It's actually something Game Politics ran, so you know it's going to involve controversy.
Something political.
It has to do with World of Warcraft.
And they are actually relaying news that another website, Boing Boing, reported on this week.
It has to do with Richard Bartell.
He is apparently the guy who invented mud games.
He kind of started the mud genre on the internet, which if you don't know what that is, God,
go read on Wikipedia or something.
Basically mud games kind of really led to things like World of Warcraft.
It was the first kind of online.
It was all text-based.
Like, imagine a text-based game like Zork, make a multiplayer.
Like a lot of hardcore Dungeons and Dragons people, this is what they would do in the
early days of the net.
I played lots of them.
Right.
But here's the thing.
Richard Bartell, he got his feathers ruffled.
He was playing WoW recently.
He was playing the Wrath of the Lich King expansion, and there's apparently a quest
in the game.
And I can tell you, this quest does exist.
There's a quest where you basically torture a prisoner to get information out of him to
move on.
And this is what Richard Bartell said about it.
Basically you have to take some type of cowpoke and zap a prisoner until he talks.
I'm not at all happy with this.
I was expecting for there to be some way to tell the guy who gave you the quest that no,
actually I don't want to torture a prisoner, but there didn't seem to be any way to do
that.
Worse, the quest is part of a chain you need to complete to gain access to the Nexus, which
is the first instance you encounter if you start at the west of the continent as I did.
So either you play along and zap the guy, or you don't get to go to the Nexus.
That's actually not true.
You can go to the Nexus at any time.
If you want the quest there, you do this quest line.
I did zap him pretty well in disbelief.
I thought that surely the quest giver would step in and stop at some point.
It didn't happen, though.
Unless there's some type of awful consequence further down the line, it would seem that
Blizzard's designers are okay with breaking the Geneva Convention.
It's a game!
I'm just kind of a little bit in disbelief, because it's like, well, A, he's completely
misstating the thing about you have to do this quest to enter the Nexus.
That's not true.
You can enter the Nexus whenever.
You know, you can get some in there.
You just don't get the quest line or what have you.
But there's like 50,000 quests now, and I'm obviously overstating that.
There's lots and lots of quests in Wrath of the Lich King.
Trust me, you can level your character to 80 and only play through four of the zones.
And there's like seven or eight zones, so you could skip this all together.
You could start on the east continent or whatever.
But anyway, okay, even if you couldn't skip this and it was a part of the game, I mean,
do you write angry letters every time you watch an episode of 24 and he tortures a prisoner?
Or every time you watch a movie?
Or every time somebody wrote a torture scene in a mud game somewhere on the internet, which
I'm sure exists somewhere?
I mean, hello?
What is it we always say here that you started here, Jay?
What is it?
Learn to be offended.
Yes.
Fucking people.
I mean, it's just a game.
And you know, if you want to, you just go to the quest and you click Abandoned Quest,
and there you don't have to do it.
How hard was that?
Anyway, the kind of ignorance stated here, even if this guy is a big deal for what he
did, it was kind of a silly thing to state here.
So you know, I'm just going to do the angsty F.U. as part of the show right now.
I don't care if this is political.
A big, flaming fuck you to George Bush.
For all of the series of legislation he's just passed during his last blessed day, the
end of his stupid reign in the White House, I mean, he's basically passed a bunch of executive
orders that are going to pretty much be creating some lasting damage, not just to our economy,
but to the several ecosystems by promoting waste dumping, by allowing mining very close
to national parks, in fact, I think one of them was near Yellowstone, if I'm correct.
Also for passing a law that pretty much lets any doctor not perform any kind of procedure
based on moral, personal ethics, not necessarily the overall ethics of the community that they
represent.
And it's really disgusting, a lot of it is, as far as I can tell, unconstitutional, and
I'm sure quite a bit of it can be overturned under congressional review, which is the one
good thing that Newt Gingrich ever did, apart from being hilarious on TV.
But it's very disgusting, I encourage everyone to study up on it, and definitely write your
congressman and let them know that, you know, you're disgusted too, I'm already preparing
several letters.
I mean, because, I'm sorry, our new president has enough shit to deal with right now without
having more shit thrown on top of it, so I have faith that he can clear through the muck,
but still, it's disgusting.
In fact, I'm so infuriated by it that it makes me feel sick to my stomach, so.
Alright.
Loki.
Um, I was gonna say F U 2, take 2 for putting out a crappy version, well, I should say a
buggy version of Grand Theft Auto 4 on the PC, the fact that I've gotta still wait for
patches before they, you know, support something that most modern games support now is ridiculous,
and I don't know, I just hate having to wait before a game to work correctly, you know,
I, if I'm spending the money to, you know, buy the game, why does it have to be, you
know, weeks later that I get a game that actually works?
Is that it?
Alright.
Um, my F U of the Week goes to potstickers, because they're really addicting, like, I
had, um, I just can't stop eating potstickers, like, it's like, the food I've been craving,
like anytime I go out to a restaurant that might have them, I have to get potstickers
because they're so friggin addicting, and I never had this, like I feel like I'm pregnant
or something and craving things I don't usually crave before, and that food is potstickers.
I know, it's so random, but that's what it is.
So F U.
You're growing a gas baby.
Apparently.
So F U to potstickers for being so non-malicious.
There you have it.
And I've learned, you can get potstickers lots of different places, it's pretty surprising,
and I've probably sampled them everywhere.
Anyway, hey, let's move back into some gaming news, let's try to get this show actually
back on the track of gaming, with our next story.
We gotta.
Yeah, of course.
Okay.
Well, um, I'm sure we have a number of, uh, our listeners who are big Dragon Quest fans,
and the, uh, next installation, Dragon Quest X, is going to be on Wii.
Um, well, basically the next one is technically 9, isn't it?
But they've confirmed that X is going to be on Wii.
And that's pretty cool.
It's also going to be, as far as I'm aware, the first of the Dragon Quest games on the
Wii, so that's pretty cool.
And, um, the Japanese release date, by the way, for Dragon Quest IX is going to be March
28th.
So it's going to be, uh, 5980 yen.
Yay.
Cool.
Um, some other cool stuff that will be, uh, well, I don't know if we're getting this around
here, but, um, Scrabble apparently has been released on the DS in, um, the UK.
And, um, I think we actually had a story about something similar a while back, um, with the
word spaz and how people kind of spazzed out about it.
Um, well, now, apparently, a used copy of the game Scrabble, which apparently learns
words based on, you know, stuff that you add in there, um, Scrabble, this, uh, kid actually
was playing it, and apparently Scrabble beat him on a triple word score with the word fuckers.
And, apparently, um, the mother of, you know, that's what I call my DS when it beats me
at a game.
Fucker!
The mother, I guess, um, apparently, uh, Tanya, um, she had bought this game for her son Ethan,
and it was a pre-owned copy, I guess, of Ubisoft Scrabble, which I didn't realize, I don't
think they have it over here, I wish they did, because Scrabble's awesome, um, but what's
funny, though, is it kept, um, you know, using different slang words, like, you know, tits
to toke to fuckers, uh, and, I guess, gave Ethan poor self-esteem or something, I don't
know.
Here's what I want to know, was the mom watching him play the DS over his shoulder?
I don't know.
How else did she find out about it?
Did he go crying to mommy, mommy, mommy, the game says fuck!
Maybe he, maybe, you know, because, you know, Scrabble saw all the words on the board, maybe
he saw the word fuckers on there, and she looked at it, and she's like, what the hell,
wait, what the hell's tits on there?
What the fuck is fuckers doing on there?
So apparently, you know, this, you know, is coming from, I guess, um, you know, what she
should have done is simply challenge the word, because I don't think you'd be able to find
it in the official Scrabble dictionary.
Well apparently, apparently, uh, this is coming from Tabloid Daily Mail, you know, they're
hosts of a bunch of useless articles.
So reliable?
Yes.
Um, Ubisoft is saying that she should have used the game's junior settings, because I
guess fuckers isn't in the junior version of Scrabble, and Nintendo, of course, doesn't
want anything to do.
That's where it'll just use, you know, Lil' Fucker.
I mean, really, this is news, really.
It's just funny.
She's really ugly, too.
She looks like she got beat with the ugly stick a bunch of times.
It's just J100Matt in chat says, uh, why do these fucking kids need to tell their parents
that their games are cursing at them?
I would laugh.
I would think that's awesome.
I would show it to my friends.
That's what you're supposed to do.
With naughty language.
Look at my boy, dude!
You know, instead of Lil' Ethan going, Mommy, Mommy, my game swore at me, I'm telling, you
know.
Lil' punk kid.
I think there's actually a version of Scrabble.
And you want to know, you know, she's totally grooming him to be a little wuss anyways,
you know, him and his pink DS.
Hey, wait a minute.
You know, here, you know, there's some type of Scrabble.
You know how like every board game has their own house rules?
Like in Monopoly, you might have a house rule where all the tax money goes into a free parking
jackpot for when you land on free parking, right?
Well, I think there's some house rules for Scrabble where dirty words automatically are
triple word score.
So like it encourages people to use bad words.
Yes, we do that all the time.
Absolutely.
We even played Ebonics Scrabble one time.
That was God.
Wow.
Wow.
If it sounded like a word, it was a word.
I'd like to play that sometime.
That would be fun.
Anyhow, one game I was mad when they discontinued many years ago and made me yell, fuckers,
was when they got rid of the great Gianna Sisters.
1987 was the year that this game was originally released, and it was pretty awesome.
It was on the Commodore 64, but the problem was it looked and felt just like Mario.
Although if you actually played it, there was like a lot of differences.
Like for instance, hello in the great Gianna Sisters, you actually fight a giant enemy
crab at the end of like the second level.
I know this predates even the PlayStation 3, but unfortunately, at least the very first
level like seriously looked exactly like Mario World 1-1.
So you know, the similarities were shown in this game ended up having to get pulled off
the market.
It was also not just big on the 64, I believe it was a big Amiga game for what I know, but
the soundtrack was amazing.
Well, anyhow, the game was, you know, taken off shelves and it kind of lived on throughout
the homebrew community and people, you know, looking for abandonware on the internet and
what have you.
Apparently, one of the creators of the game, the programmer, Armin Gessert, he is now working
on an official DS version with his new studio, Spellbound, and it's apparently going to be
coming out in June.
It's going to have over 80 levels and apparently the DS microphone is going to play into the
game somehow and they'll actually use the touch screen and everything.
Now one of the great things about the original game was the soundtrack and the new version,
Chris Hilsbeck, is coming back to do remixed versions of the original soundtrack.
So that's pretty awesome.
And this is one of those games where, you know, if you've never played this game, maybe
some week we'll highlight it as a classic game of the week down the road, but it's one
of those games you definitely should check out.
I'm sure there's clips on YouTube of the game and just, you know, you can see it's similarities
to Mario Brothers.
But it was kind of neat, it was a fun game, especially for that era, you know, it doesn't
really hold up against today's games, which is why I'm interested to see kind of what
they do to it on the DS version, how they're going to kind of make it unique.
But based on the screenshots, it looks a lot different.
It definitely doesn't look like Mario anymore, that's for sure.
So we'll see.
Let's move on.
Well, moving forward, it looks like we've actually got some release dates.
How does that sound?
Release dates!
Well, it is December, so what else can we expect?
Let me go ahead and take a look.
For the UK?
Exactly, for the UK.
Actually, it's Crash Commando and Sonic Unleashed.
That's really it.
I was going to be a little bit more excited, but I guess not.
I can't say things are much better in the US, though.
There are a few things coming out, so it's not that bad, but it's certainly not, you
know, in November or anything like that.
This week, though, some of the highlights, Rise of the Argonauts will be coming out on
all systems, well, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Also this week, we've got the release of some DS games, Kate West's The Vanishing Files.
We've also got Mystery PI, Portrait of a Thief, and Dreamer Horse Training, because god damn
it, there's not enough horse training games.
And Puppy Training, which has a really cute cover, that's awesome.
Slingo Quest, also coming out from DS, it's a mumbo jumbo casual game.
And Neopets Puzzle Adventure, ripping off Puzzle Quest there.
And let's see, lots of crappy DS games this week, man, I swear.
Australia Zoo Quest, which is a puzzle game and for some reason has Cyberwin on the cover.
Yeah, it's crikey indeed.
Learn Math for grades 1 through 4, a math learning game.
Driver's Ed Portable on DS, yes, you can learn how to drive.
And other things other than DS games, there's a few Destiny or Wii games.
Summer Sports 2, Island Sports Party, you know, they're a party game.
And We're Jeong Party, it's a mah-jeong party game, interesting.
And Rock Band 2 on the Wii, the game only version will be coming out on the 18th.
And I just gotta mention this, on the 19th, Calvin Tucker's Redneck Jamboree on the Wii.
That's it.
Well, you know, if you want a busy week for game releases, you need to look at Japan,
because there's tons of stuff coming out in Japan this week.
Now granted, a lot of it is localized versions of stuff we've already had here in the US,
but let me talk about what's coming out in Japan.
Starting with 360, we have just that, a big release for Japan would be Fable 2, the localized
version is coming out this week, December 18th.
Lego Batman, Need for Speed Undercover, and Prince of Persia, also all being released
on the 360 in Japan this week.
Also a game local for Japan, Gundam Musou 2 comes out in Japan.
And this game is a shooter that looks to be probably based on Gundam, yep, robots with
guns.
Stacey Warriors Gundam 2, there you go.
That game is coming out on the Xbox 360 this week.
Moving on to the Playstation 3, many of those same titles, there's also Gundam Musou 2 comes
out there as well.
Lego Batman, Medal of Honor gets a price drop, as does the Godfather and Armored Core.
That's what you've got to look forward to on the Playstation 3, although I do want to
point out there's also a wireless keypad available now in Japan, if you want to check that out.
Hey, on the Wii, they have a game called Let's Tap is coming out from Sega in Japan.
Remember that's the one where it's the game that penguins can play.
Oh, that's right, a game that even penguins can play.
You set the Wiimote on the box and you tap the box.
You don't actually use the controller at all.
Oh, yes, yes, okay.
Kind of looks interesting, there's all these little visualizers and things.
I wonder if, they'll probably be, they're bringing that over here, right?
Could be interesting.
Bleach vs. Crusade also coming out on the Wii this week, because you know, you love
Bleach.
So there you go.
Dance Dance Revolution Furu Furu Party comes out this week in Japan as well, and that would
obviously be our version of Dancing Party.
And Elibits gets a price reduction this week, hooray.
Also going on the Playstation 2, a little game called Beatmania 2DX gets its 15th game
in the series on Playstation 2 this week.
DJ Troopers comes out on December 18th.
Not the 15th game on the Playstation, however, because they didn't start with 1st.
They started on 3rd style.
But this would be the 12th game on the Playstation 2 in the 2DX series.
In Japan only, that's not even counting the one we got in the US.
Fate Unlimited Codes is also coming out on the Playstation 2 as well as another version
of Gondamuso 2 for the Playstation 2, and Pachinko series volume 13, Neon Genesis Evangelion.
Yet another one.
Lord.
Why can't they let that series die?
They just can't.
On the DS, lots and lots and lots of games getting released on the DS over there as well
as some other, let me just kind of give you some of the names of things coming out.
Tales of Hearts is one that's coming out, as well as Space Puzzle Bobble.
Ragnarok Online DS comes out this week.
Jamie Alistin, Ragnarok Online on the DS, finally, this week in Japan, there you have
it.
And Jamie, you might be interested in this one too.
Princess Ballerina, Yumei Miru 4 Gen no Primadonna.
Don't you like primadonnas?
No, but I'm watching Bush get a shoe thrown at him and that's pretty fucking funny.
Stop it.
Lego Batman also comes out.
Rensu Suikoden Tear Crease comes out, that would be the Suikoden's strategic title.
So it's a busy week in DS World and as far as the PSP goes, all the other systems are
getting love, why not the PSP?
And yes, Final Fantasy Dissida finally makes its way out of the PSP this week, I'm sure
you'll be hearing a lot about that.
Also I do want to point this out, Crimson Room Rebirth also comes out and some movies
for the localized for Japan, Biohazard Degeneration, what would that be?
And then Star Wars The Clone Wars also comes out this week in Japan.
Need for Speed Undercover, Samurai Showdown Anthology, Ultimate Board Game Collection,
all on the PSP, very busy week in Japan for releases.
So there you go.
Let's move on with more news and then we're going to take a quick break here.
While there is a little bit more, this actually has to do with some, excuse me, with something
having to do with Rockstar.
There's going to be, well actually I think it already happened, there was a social club
event put out by Rockstar for Midnight Club Los Angeles and Grand Theft Auto IV that was
going on Xbox Live and Playstation Network.
They were supposed to have a little contest, as in a video editor contest for GTA IV PC
and then for topping the Midnight Club Ocean to LA time trial.
And there were supposed to be prizes available for both.
It was though already going on and I do believe it was from five to nine UK time actually
I think today, so already going.
Good luck to whoever won.
That's pretty cool.
Some other fun stuff, Prototype.
You may remember this game being kind of like an open world, crack down meets, you know,
kind of mutants type of thing.
What's interesting though is, earlier this week, a bunch of different blogs and stuff
were reporting that Activision's Prototype website is actually broken and some of the
assets from apparently CES were leaking out onto the web.
And there was all sorts of different gameplay videos and stuff like that, you know, that
was supposed to be stuff that they were showing off at CES and then, you know, a few, I guess
a day later or so, the hole was covered back up and the countdown back to CES was put back
on the website.
Well, the funny thing is about all that, that's what they want you to think, you see.
The whole leak was a hoax, actually.
Perpetrated...
Do people know that?
No.
Perpetrated by...
So wait, you're saying the game blogs all got punk this week?
Yes, they all got punk this week.
Perpetrated by their marketing team.
And how do you know this?
You're making this up.
You make this shit up.
No, I don't make this shit up.
I know this because they sent out an email boasting about it.
So it's all a ruse...
To who?
To you?
Why would Activision send you an email boasting about it?
They send it to all of their retail partners to let their customers know because they're
trying to drive up buzz for prototyping because everybody loves leaked assets and so they're
going to start talking about it.
If it was just a release of assets, it might not have been getting as much attention.
But since it was something forbidden, people are interested in it.
And it worked.
It got them all to cover this leak and got all the information out there and the videos
were ranked pretty high in game trailers and that's all good buzz for them.
People want to see things they're not supposed to be seeing.
Exactly.
But it was a hoax the whole time.
The whole time it was a hoax.
They made it look like it was an FTP directory and everything and they got you all.
And people don't know this yet.
You're the one telling them.
People don't know it.
It doesn't really matter because the game looks awesome.
The whole thing is they're tricking the people that they normally work with in the media
to cover their game.
Surely these people are going to find out eventually if they haven't already.
Do you think there's going to be retaliation?
No.
I think this stuff happens all the time to be honest.
Okay.
Here's another thing though.
Could they be saying now that, oh yeah, we meant for that to happen when maybe they didn't?
No.
It was in great detail.
In fact, you know who tipped them off that the site had been broken?
The people that orchestrated the whole thing.
They're the ones that tipped off the media.
Interesting.
But just goes to show you, sometimes you may see these leaks via, I don't know, survey
sites and stuff like that, and you may think, hey, why aren't these publishers doing anything
to stop these leaks?
Sometimes they're intentional, and sometimes that's how they drive buzz for stuff.
Just a little bit of insight in the back workings of the game publishing world.
I'm kind of not surprised by what you're telling me, but there is that very skeptical part
of me that's like, oh well sure, they didn't know about it when it happened, but now it's
...
It was in great detail.
I wish I had forwarded the email to myself so I could read it.
It's funny.
It's not that important.
It's just funny.
But the game itself looks pretty cool, I guess.
Yeah, the game looks awesome.
It's going to be a really fun game.
It's definitely going to be something I pick up because it's like crack down.
Come on.
I'm feeling something I'll be playing.
All right.
Well, moving on, before we take a break here on the show, that was a pretty big bombshell.
We should probably have said that earlier in the show.
Yeah, whatever.
It's not that big of a deal.
A little reward to those who actually pay attention to the whole thing, I guess.
Also a reward for being persistent and working at things.
Not really gaming news, but kind of a gaming funny, I guess you could say.
At Missouri State, there was a guy who used his wireless controller to find his stolen
360.
Here's the weird thing.
His Xbox 360 got stolen.
He lived in a college dorm.
He noticed that he could still power on his controller because they didn't take the controllers
because they were wireless.
He could still power on his controller, and the controller was connecting to the 360.
So knowing that, he realized it's in the next room.
No, well, not necessarily, but he knew it was 30 feet away.
So through the process of elimination, what he did, he actually went to the fourth, fifth,
and sixth floors and found that the controller still worked on the fourth floor, fifth floor,
and sixth floor, but it would not work on the third or seventh floor.
So process of elimination, where was the Xbox?
On the fifth floor, in the middle one, right?
So then he went to the fifth floor.
If you get too far from the Xbox, the thing will start blinking.
So using the process of elimination, he found out where the center was.
In hot and cold?
Basically, yeah.
hot and cold with his controller and it told him exactly where the stolen Xbox
was and they actually got the RA, the resident assistant, to go into the room
and where the stolen Xbox supposedly was they found the Xbox and apparently what's
really funny about it is that the thief wasn't around when they got it so
they know who lives there yeah interesting interesting people actually
do have a brain in college people are retarded the old some people are brain
in college some people who stole it obviously doesn't have a brain they'll
be going home seriously I don't know I'd be pressing charges but that would be me
because you know I totally don't care so kinda um that's a stupid award in a way
I probably stole it well but the thing is I I more give props to the guy who
used the investigative skills to figure it out you know what I mean that's like
the guy who stole it is I versus spy yes I guess you'd say it's kind of both at
once a good job is it it's kind of like you're that what it would it go good job
gumshoe remember Carmen San Diego yeah so he's the gumshoe of the week award
did I almost actually bought that game on PC what we're in the world's Carmen
San Diego yeah it was awesome I found it thrift store is that one of those games
you can do a game tap I'm pretty sure it is I don't have game to build school
once I have ZSNES and magic engine and actually have the systems to look we're
gonna get into the classic game of the week is a part of the show we like to do
here every week where dark soccer will take a game from years past and
highlighted here on the show because you should respect your elders in games and
you're just so excited you just throw in your microphone oh yes the classic
video game of the week of the classic game of the week is willow for the
Nintendo Entertainment System you know what's hilarious I was just thinking
about this game today I shit you not and I was actually thinking like this game
needs to be highlighted as a classic game of the week and I swear to God
before I read that you were picking up for tonight amazing
well you have to skip about a minute 25 minute music because it has the music I
like which is the actual kicking-ass outside the village music
it's like some of the best video game music ever you know what other game is
awesome that's also based off a movie Adams family that's just quest was shit
it's pretty cool so well I own back to willow the game came out in 1989 it
actually came out for the Famicom first in 1988 sorry it actually came out 1989
on both systems but the movie came out in 88 so basically you play as willow
and you go by yourself and it's kind of Zelda ish but not really it's more like
um kind of playing like Secret of Mana did actually but being a Nintendo an NES
game but it was put out by Capcom this is one of the cool things that Capcom
has given us why don't we have willow in a Capcom game huh there are also other
I'm thinking licensing for the movie I'm joking right there are also other games
there was a computer game that came out on amiga Atari st and a DOS game that
came out by a midnight entertainment group but it wasn't the same game it was
a different one so anyone who's thinking they've got it you're wrong I was gonna
say I'm surprised I'd never played that that's cool though there's also an
arcade version but it was action adventure and again is not like this one
this one is a is a action RPG is pretty cool little game and you could get you
know basically your items and weapons and meet people from the game and go talk
to stuff as RPG but it was willow and it was pretty cool plus you know it had
acorns that turn people into stone I love this game
all right there it is your classic game of the week willow on the Nintendo
Entertainment System and there's a complete walkthrough there on YouTube
that we were kind of playing the music from there you can just watch somebody
blast through the game they use cheat codes to do it but you still get a
pretty good feel for what the game looks like there so I love that game I played
the crap I did too that was one of those games I rented and that we held on to it
for like so long because I didn't want to take it back
you ended up having to pay for it yeah well not not you know just a pretty you
know like probably like $12 which is the time was a lot for a rental so there you
go but willow was awesome all right we're gonna take a break here on orange
launch radio we'll be back in just a few moments with more of orange lounge radio
thank you guys so much for listening we'll be right back
welcome back to orange lounge radio for this part B of our show December the
14th 2008 is when we are taping live as we do every week on all games.com at 6
o'clock Pacific Time 9 o'clock Eastern Time right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show that's at all games.com and you really have to listen live to get the
full experience of the show and being able to interact with the chat room and
then you don't have to wait forever for the show to come out because I get
distracted so easily and dah dah dah dah dah live is awesome but you know we do
love you guys listen on the podcast as well we got plenty more news for you
guys this segment and we'll start off with Loki who just finished watching the
Spike TV Awards through the matches of the internet right just last even though
we don't really give a crap about the VGA's well do we find that do we ever
find out if people actually vote on this or if it's just you know experts it may
be experts but game of the year went to Grand Theft Auto 4 which yeah I mean
there's so many games that come out hard to like rate one I play Grand Theft Auto
4 a lot so yeah sure it's I guess my game of the year but um you know the
best part about that is I guess we'll see a version of Grand Theft Auto 4
come out you know because they always do the game of the year editions so
there'll be one with the lost in the dam download content probably for the 360
sometime maybe in the fall I don't know spring summer but you know they always
did the game of the year edition the chat says it's experts that vote on it
not the experts yet people that work for blogs and stuff actually I think there
were people like I know there's someone from joystick that was on the voting
community and stuff like that so experts yeah ok sorry let's get into some real
news now lucky alright well apparently a woman from Colorado think she has an
expert opinion of Nintendo's neglect to provide adequate supports for
we remotes yes there is another class-action lawsuit frivolous for well
she doesn't think so for Nintendo's lack of adequate straps for their we remotes
she claims that even though the new straps are thicker and they are the
third purse our third version with a new plastic strap they still fail to secure
the we remote to the user during strenuous use furthermore the suit
alleges that Nintendo has failed to report a single remote strap issue to
the Consumer Product Safety Commission in their monthly reports despite
Nintendo support documents prove the existence of said issues you know what
lady then you don't get to play the Wii you have your right taken away if you
can't control you know a simple little thing in your head you don't get to play
it I'm sorry but yeah I do agree with our sacred is extremely frivolous I mean
for one the straps are basically there so that you don't drop the remote on the
ground furthermore then they went to you reinforce them because idiots don't
realize that they are just meant to prevent you from dropping them on the
ground and so they even reinforce them enough to where you know if you let go
accidentally it probably won't break but it's no guarantee I mean it's just do
they need to put a sticker on the remote that says please touch me gently they
have a warning in front of me with every single game ok they have a warning that
says do not let go of the remote make sure the rip the wrist strap is secure
they even have a stupid condoms on there you make sure that you know people if
they do throw me it's gonna you know it's a rubbery support how much more do
you want them to reinforce these things so that it is still good throw it you
know I mean seriously and you know that's simply just a case of consumer
stupidity someone needs to just duct tape her into someone seller will a
judge throw this out yes or no judge order to be locked up in a cellar by
duct tape duct tape is great for everything you know duct tape will
silence the stupid masses alright you know what else is great is Circuit City
you know I'm not talking about the actual store for the prices but the fact
that they spoil things which is pretty awesome on the Circuit City apparently
has a spilled some beans about some upcoming releases including Fire Emblem
Shadow Dragon it's coming out in North America on February 23rd this is if I
guess the Circuit City computer system is to believe I'm not sure exactly where
this is coming from their website or something but yeah pretty cool huh yeah
it's pretty cool also should point this out even bigger for UDS people Pokemon
Platinum you still in the collective all Pokemon Platinum March 22nd and Circuit
City had it listed but then they pulled it if that doesn't confirm it I don't
know what does shadow or Fire Emblem that date is close if not accurate
interesting but not that you know anything I know anything that you would
ever repeated on the show now there have been a few things that move though so
like some of those play for Wii games and stuff coming out later but I have a
feeling though the reason why a lot of these have been pushed and stuff is
they're gonna make a big announcement maybe at CES or something that you're
gonna announce some more games and stuff maybe a little bit on the we see us is
not a gaming show I don't know why people think these huge announcements
are gonna come out at CES well they're gonna announce them at some point I mean
it's only a few months off so I would think CES being the next show this
sort of can do their own thing they can say we got Reggie coming to a party me
and moto in the house and the press will show up but here's the thing though Rob
is I think that they would do something at CES because the DSI then you know the
DSI coming out next year at some point I mean that's a technology thing and fair
enough because they may all into that I don't know that's just a guess all right
I suppose that's an educated guess I would say it's like a seventh grade
level educated guess no I'm kidding but all right we'll see what happens you
might be right I've always kind of wanted to go to consumer electronic show
just for the laughs and giggles but I won't be able to go this year that's for
sure I do know that there are going to be gaming people there I mean there's
like I got a you know obviously I'm not going to see yes but I got an invite you
know for anybody that you know game retailers are our customers or whatever
if they were going to see yes that they can go sit through a Microsoft
presentation they're gonna show them the upcoming stuff that they've got coming
out for next year like you know probably just halo wars at that point but you
know stuff like that so there will be some presence it's getting bigger yes
well it's not that far off so we will see soon if they're gonna announce these
officially or not yeah let's move on well something that is actually an
official is that there's going to be former members of Team Ninja and those
who worked on brawl doing a new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fighter I'm going
to be on the Wii and it's supposed to be a 2.5 D fighter and it's supposed to be
out late 2009 and it's a to quote it's supposed to feature online play to
outperform brawl so I'm hoping that they can pull it off I mean that would be
really cool I actually did like the old to the TMNT tournament fighters that was
kind of a fun game so hopefully this will have actually I hope it has some of
the the characters from that series I think would be fun definitely I mean the
fact that they're saying that they're going to try to outdo Smash Brothers is
kind of a pretty big boasting argument there but I don't know we'll see that's
really high bar I guess to me something else is going to say is coming from
check is too good Leo Shannon chat says Team Ninja equals April with breast
physics there you go very nice
let's see Halo Wars has been announced to be coming out now on March 3rd and
kind of interesting there's a lot of stuff coming out right there in March
especially since I think a week before that you have killed zone 2 on the ps3
now of course Halo Wars is the RTS kind of prequel to the whole Halo series and
they've got lots of interesting stuff in there including I think you will play
as the flood the Covenant and also course you know the Spartans and stuff
like that so that's pretty cool and I guess the game will be also coming out
on February 26 in Japan so that's actually one that Japan's getting it a
few days before us kind of interesting and apparently coming out in Africa
Europe in the Middle East the day after so almost a worldwide release there be
interesting to see how that is cuz I know it's probably not gonna do as well
like a normal Halo game cuz it's a me I'm not a first-person shooter but it
has a low name on it it does have a new name on it and there are a lot RTS fans
out there so you know they're hoping to kind of be like a Starcraft but it's
tough well here's something I'm hoping for and you know take this all the grain
of salt because these are news items quote-unquote news coming from the
latest issue of electronic gaming monthly which I don't know if you heard
but they might not be around much more which kind of sad when you consider that
magazine's been around a long long time but magazine take this all the grain of
salt apparently I think it's probably all coming from quarter man or what have
you yeah here's the thing apparently a sequel to rez is coming out from Tetsuya
Mizuguchi now here's the thing it's not a real sequel to rez because apparently
Sega owns the IP but he's gonna be making a you know rez-like game now
they're quick to point out that it could be related to this QJ game that's
supposed to come out for the Wii but it could be two different things going on
altogether which in my mind it probably is because I think QJ was previously
said it was gonna be a puzzler rez is definitely not a puzzler rez is an
awesome fucking rail shooter game so but it's nice to know especially because of
that I guess it did pretty well on Xbox Live it's nice to hear there's interest
there again I just hope whatever this is doesn't come out on Wii that it is
another HD game that makes sense
yeah also kind of some other things going on apparently whatever mystery
project LMNO that was going on at EA apparently that is now on ice right now
I should say like gone forever but just on hold because of all the layoffs that
were going on is the other Spielberg game yeah yes yes there was he worked on
boom blocks so this is the other one he was doing apparently it is now on hold
and maybe it could that be related to the questionable sales of boom blocks a
new rifts game in 2010 as well in Gears of War 3 also in 2010 which really isn't
a big surprise at all
there's gonna be another Gears of War game they'll probably be Gears of War 4 at some
point too just like they'll be a Halo 4 someday well I mean heck what do you
call this halo 3 dark or no that has a new name now that the other random
numbers and letters whatever that is just halo 4 right there you have it some
rumors out of electronic gaming monthly take with grain of salt we have a little
bit more rumor more like a hint is that there could quite possibly be halo 2
halo 2 available as a full digital download so that's pretty interesting is
basically when asked if if there would be the the quote is I can't say anything
else on it I would be killed to death so I think it's pretty interesting
yeah it's interesting because that would be the first like at least on the place
on the Xbox 360 sorry the ps3 already did this with them the burnout game but
on the 360 where you would have like a full you know $50 game $60 game which
maybe would come down in price by the time they digitally distribute but you
know a full price game for download you're starting to see this slowly
happen with other games to like a wrath of the Lich King is available now as a
digital download burnout obviously you start to see this more and more and you
know game spot swears they're not worried I'm sorry game stop where's
they're not worried now I wouldn't be there because it's the same with movies
I mean movies there's more of that now we can actually purchase stuff and rent
stuff online digital download but it's definitely not taken away too much from
you know buying you know games I mean look at if anything you look at the
special editions and special edition sales I mean people love their special
editions and they keep getting more creative and putting more crap in there
well in the case of fable 2 maybe not so much should be start taking stuff out
but for everything else though I mean they're still getting people to buy
these special editions for you know a lot of money I mean look at the
legendary edition stuff of halo 3 and stuff which by the way I saw it fries
this weekend for 59 I know you have a lot of those and yeah they weren't
selling as hot as people thought yeah but yeah I mean it's definitely gonna
head that way at some point where they'll allow you to download stuff but
I think also people have to keep in mind is it really worth it downloading a game
like that especially with like a 360 you know where your system might conk out on
you then you gotta get a new one then you have to find some way to be able to
you know how to tie to your new system and also when you're done with it you
can't sell it off used which is another thing but you know that for some people
that might not be a big deal and you only have so much room I mean what your
hard drive fills up it fills up exactly that's kind of a bummer I mean sure they
can release a new hard drive but those hard drives ain't cheap I paid a hundred fifty bucks for my 120 gigabyte hard drive
yeah sadly enough those hard drives the actual parts don't cost that much and
that's the bad thing about it is I mean they're just laptop hard drives through
like a special connector it's just yeah don't remind me because I'm gonna get
more mad you keep talking Loki but hey hey but you remember though that is one
that is one plus though about the ps3 those they do let you upgrade your hard
drive and you don't have to buy a special hard drive from them it's just any hard
drive will do which I think is the way that Microsoft should have gone with
their hard drives if you ask me but what do I know? One thing I will say this you know
despite the hard time I gave the PlayStation 3 you know for many many
years on this program I will say this I will admit this playing Prince of Persia
this week it's been nice and quiet while I've been playing the game I'll give it that
yeah so other things coming Fable II's way of course a brand new expansion
Not Whole Island is going to be available to download on December 22nd it
will run you 800 Microsoft points or that's ten dollars in real money and
some interesting things along with that of course it's going to add some new
costumes a bunch of new missions and some other fun stuff including some more
achievements as well there are three achievements tied with this now there's
the collector which is worth 25 gamer score if you acquire all the mystery
items in the box of secret shop or see another hero doing so the meteorologist
which is worth 50 gamer points that will bring up you have to bring all of Not
Whole Island's weather problems under control or help another hero do it and
the bibliophile which is 25 gamer points find all the books detailing the history
of Not Whole Island or help another hero doing so so interesting I may pick this
up I'm not sure yet because I haven't really gotten to Fable II that much
still want to go back to Lost Odyssey I haven't finished that your wife sure did
get to Fable II though yeah she burned through the whole game really quick by
the way your wife is pissed apparently she brought the wheat of the studio
tonight yes I brought the wheat of the studio and she's been playing Animal
Crossing quite a bit she got mad at me because I played it for four hours
yesterday she's not gonna be able to pay off her debt to Tom Nook well she doesn't
care about that she we're time traveling right now so we're in we're actually
playing in July because we got bored with winter so yeah so now we're
collecting bugs but yeah she's very mad she fact said I have to be home by 10 so
that she can play Animal Crossing did we do we tell everybody not make it Loki
might not be able to do the review yeah we're doing that preview tonight of
maybe we might not make it no it doesn't matter yeah I'll be there by 10 or
whatever yeah Tatsunoko vs. Capcom oh yeah very cool might be a short one
tonight yes see um in fact you probably should get all that shit hooked since we
don't have the adjusted TV cam tonight you might want to get all that hooked up
before we I will wait one minute we go off air we can just go into that and be
done hey left 4 dead is another one of those games I really need to check out
at some point because I usually don't like to like first-person shooters that
much but it's valve and it's zombies it might be pretty cool and I've heard
nothing but really good things about this game except for the fact that
people have been cheating on the game but guess what valve did this week they
put the hammer down on that they fixed some exploits on the Xbox 360 version
but here's the interesting thing about it apparently there were some cheats
around where players were spawning all sorts of items enemies I guess some some
type of exploit in the game valve was able to patch that server side so that
way they didn't even have to push out a patch and wait for that to be approved
from Microsoft so they fixed it on their end they put out a statement it is done
but what you can still do it on your local games right you still do the thing
because it only fixes this when you're playing the live games online basically
what they did is they use that there's a mod tool that you can you have a device
to basically rip files off your hard drive which they actually do sell them
they're like 50 bucks think about picking one up because I need to buy
useless crap you can mod a file on there and it will allow you to do different
cheats in the game which might be fun because I like the cheating games and so
yeah let's go cheating for local games at least let's go cheating that would be
a fun game cheaters presents let's go cheating
I didn't mean like cheating on on did you relationship said you here and I've
seen this in our no no it's coming
Grey's Anatomy the game for we in the DS what the shit what are you gonna make a
game out of for Grey's Anatomy I want to know they're they're doing it they
actually have the ESRB little descriptor on there you know how they are starting
to put descriptions other than just reading on and it's it's interesting
they're ready for emo soundtrack no it's definitely not ready but yeah there's
like you know I don't know if it's like trauma center with sex or something but
you know I don't know like let me hear you have to stop time on the center part
dating sim no let me let me read this real quick this is funny it's all from
the ESRB description for Grey's Anatomy it's a story based role-playing game
this is a storyline contains frequent references to sexual encounters between
different characters and dialogue that contains sexual innuendo for example is
there anyone in this hospital you're not gonna sleep with and you want to have
sex after surgery I don't know about you but that's not a sexual innuendo that's
you want to have sex after surgery some scenes take place soon after the
characters have had sex dialogue also contains mine minor expletives for
example hell and ass and references to alcohol like you me at a row no hell and
ass alcohol this game looks like crap but they'll be funny though Grey's
Anatomy Grey's Anatomy the game amazing hey I gotta read some comments from the
chat about you and you and Nelly and the way you play Animal Crossing cuz they
had some comments here act-def says Animal Crossing the game about time
traveling and its effects let's see press start says Tom Nook is gonna break
her legs Tiger Claw says you better do what your wife says Loki you don't want
to have a divorce over the Wii and SSJ 100 Matt wonders aloud why does Nelly
have to cock block us and SSJ 100 Matt also makes this very winner comment
about the way you play Animal Crossing
cuz they don't have to go new change the actual date on your system you can
actually change the date in the game which is nice also I was trying I was
going to ask if you got a blue phone box in your town no we don't have a blue
phone box it has TARDIS dark to see us as Rocky or picture shows on Xbox Live
Netflix anything to look for that did you know that I'm not sure I didn't know
this until today but you can actually change out what bed you have in your
attic can you yes with any bed and by Tony dude I'm totally putting the regal
bed in my attic I wish I could decorate my damn attic I'm tired of my attic
looking like wood to the bottom of your bed and it will allow you to change it
there should just be like misty says she's a screw that I wanted I want to
TARDIS I want to have my house be a TARDIS I'm kind of surprised they're not
trying to nickel-and-dime us yet in Animal Crossing with releasing the you
know stuff you have to pay for that you can get I bet Nelly do that they're not
that smart though that's the problem though with you know because here's the
thing is if they have that kind of content would be paid unlock content and
if they have that in the game someone would figure out how to hack it and
unlock it already because we'll do that or like maybe okay the old school
Nintendo games like maybe just have the ones that I have on my virtual console
I don't know I guess I like this kind of dumb forget it never forget I said
anything all right let's let's get that statement of the show that we encourage
you to participate with our show every week by sending us emails mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com and the dark soccer is gonna open up the mailbag I am
a few of her yes you are you better once you're gonna read a few of her favorite
emails right now I will subject her to watching really bad movies on Netflix I
watched manos the hands of fate here's the thing I watched a documentary today
because I love Netflix for obscure fucking documentaries I watched one on
the 50 worst movies ever made man that's the hands of fate number one it didn't
even make the top 50 it didn't I will say this though this is awesome and
even in Time magazine instantly made me think of Loki number 11 I think it was
was some karate movie I don't remember the name of it I'll have to find it but
the trick was the one dude had no arms and the other dude had no legs awesome
and they were actually karate fighting in the movie it was amazing I have to
figure out what I have to figure out what freakin movie it was maybe
something in channel no but it was did they tie themselves together I don't
know themselves together made like a one person they like that character in
thrill-kill kind of sort of they were actually fighting with henchmen and it
was it was amazing I mean these are so bad fucking movies
is again the worst 150 worst movies ever made it was number one number
Number one had some long ass titles from the 60s, something like, it was like a musical
about zombies.
Who put out the, um...
I have to see this.
I don't know who put it out.
I have to say this, the documentary itself wasn't that good, but the, and I love it.
I want to see the movie, screw the documentary.
Yeah, I know, I just want to see the movie.
Why is not Manos The Hands of Fate on there?
I don't know.
Is that because they MST3K'd it?
I will say Howard the Duck was on it.
Howard the Duck was on it?
As was Ishtar.
I love Howard the Duck.
That's one of my favorite, was Xanadu on there.
Xanadu was on there.
No!
I love Xanadu!
Yeah, I don't know how Manos The Hands of Fate wasn't on here.
It was a pretty poorly done documentary.
Maybe they only had access to one studio's films or something, but yeah, I gotta figure
out what that, what the name of that movie was.
Hold on, I'm getting it right now.
Okay.
I'll have the...
If you say the name, I'll remember it.
Okay.
DarkSaga, recent emails.
I'm going to play music again because we got on a tangent.
Surprise!
Fighting Life!
No, that wasn't the name of it.
It says The Crippled, oh, The Crippled Masters.
That's it.
The Crippled Masters.
That's what it was called.
The Crippled Masters.
Fighting Life is the sequel, I guess.
Amazing.
It had a sequel?
Fuck.
The Crippled Masters.
That's what it was called.
How about some emails?
How about it?
Dun dun dun!
This comes from GS68.
Hey O.L.R.
Crew.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm sorry, sorry, sorry.
Oh no!
In return!
In The Crippled Masters, they actually attached themselves to each other to create that person
that I was saying they should do it.
That's awesome.
It says right here, so the two men are disfigured by their evil leader.
It says one man has his arms cut off, the other has his legs burned off with acid.
The two men are enemies but struggling with being disabled.
One day, fighting each other, the wise old yoga master suggests they work together and
start training with weapons and team up to help them with the help of a shoulder harness
so that the man without the use of gloves lays or he meets the army for the other man
and vice versa.
Three words better than Voltron.
That's awesome.
Okay, I'm watching this scene where they cut his arms off and this is pretty bad.
I like it.
I have no arms.
Lowkey, you promise not to interrupt the emails now.
Alright, here we go.
Ew!
God, that is disgusting.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Here we go.
One more time.
Oh, I have a question actually, Rob.
Was The House Where Evil Dwells on there?
I don't remember.
I don't think so.
That's the movie?
They had some really fucked up movie from the 70s though that was like just a total
gore film and had titties and butts and blood and stuff.
I don't remember what the name was.
It was awful.
I love The House Where Evil Dwells.
Okay.
I have a little story about this and then I'll do email.
Promise.
Promise.
Promise.
I love what Act Deaf said in chat.
The Crippled Masters of Independent Podcasting.
No, that might be offensive though.
There are people that are actually handicapped.
There are actually crippled masters out there who do podcasts.
But you have to admit it's an awesome idea for a movie.
It's not that the people have no...
But the fact that it's like that...
What was that movie with Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder where one was deaf and one was...
See No Evil Here No Evil.
It's like that but karate.
Okay, sorry Jamie.
Your point.
Okay.
So this movie...
It was...
Okay.
I saw it when I was like six.
Something like that.
And it was on Showtime.
Back when Showtime was new.
And it was at the time called The House Where Evil Dwells and I had no idea that was the
name of it.
I just remembered that it's about these people that move to Japan and get possessed by ghosts
and end up killing each other.
Like the ghosts killed each other.
And I had been trying for years.
I mean decades to find this movie.
I did not remember the name of it.
I was so little I didn't remember.
But I remembered scenes from it including the ghost possessed crabs chasing the girl
at the tree.
Which is why evil alien crabs always...
Giant alien crabs always make me crack the fuck up.
Because I always remember they go to ROAR sound.
But you know like you hear like the...
For lack of a better description I guess like the Japanese ghost noise.
You know that sounds like really deep.
You know.
Anyway.
No.
That's a broken neck ghost woman.
And that's more like...
Anyway.
This show's terrible.
So.
Shut up.
Anyway.
So.
So.
At last.
I think six months ago I finally.
Finally found a review of the damn movie.
Found the name of it and bought it on Amazon for five bucks.
And I'm making you watch it with me.
No.
You want some stuff that's gonna do with me?
Okay but we have to find the cheerleader movie that was on that list and watch that too because
that looked amazing.
I want to see a cheerleader movie.
Alright.
Do we get to...
No.
Are they naked?
Can we do email now?
Sure.
But you totally need to see this movie.
Okay.
God.
So.
First email from GS68.
Hey OLR crew.
If you've already covered what I just brought up in the subject line just ignore this email.
But anyways Sunnyvale Goughland is holding a location test for the North American version
of DJ Max Technica sometime next week.
Somewhere in the December 17th to 19th range and I thought I'd share this with you guys.
Kudos to Corey Vertu from BimaniStyle for bringing this up.
I'm texting Shane right now to get a reaction out of him because I don't know anyone that
loves this game more than him and he's going to be pissed.
I encourage people living in NorCal who are interested in Technica to come check it out.
GS68 PS this email was brought to you by Tetris the Grandmaster, home of the ending Tetrominoes.
Okay.
I.
Okay.
So DJ Max.
Yo.
Have you seen this new one yet?
I'm curious to check it out.
Shane made me watch YouTubes of it.
It looks interesting.
Yeah.
With the whole like, with the touch.
It doesn't look anything like the PSP one to me.
It's just the same music.
I'd be curious to check it out.
So moving forward.
I might have to make, I don't have any plans next weekend.
Okay.
Actually I have plans.
Cancel them.
I'm going to Old Folsom and eating good food.
And shopping.
I'm going to eat good food and shop in the bay and play DJ Max.
Who are you going with?
Becky.
Bring Becky.
She's not into video games.
Oh.
Damn her.
I'm just kidding.
That and she has a child.
All right.
Fair enough.
Who is teething.
Oh my God.
So moving forward.
Hey guys.
Loki.
A few episodes back you said that Wii music is for five year olds.
I object.
My recently turned six brother loves to play video games and not only games.
He plays Guitar Hero 3 and Rock Band.
He strums and he yells at me to press the buttons while we work our way through Slow
Ride.
There's your lol for the day.
P.S.
Skye.
Put the podcast up faster.
P.P.S.
I hope I pass the grammar Nazi test.
This is Orange Lounge.
Geekboy2424.
Think of it this way.
You're going to get an awesome Christmas present pretty soon.
Put in an ellipsis where you're not supposed to by the way.
You're supposed to use two dashes and not an ellipsis.
I'll take care of that later.
No lecture tonight.
However, the last email is fantastic grammar.
I find it beautiful.
It actually is a card sent to us.
It's actually sent to us from our friends at Super Happy Fun Time Show.
Super Happy Fun Time Show?
I hate that show.
No, I'm kidding.
It's great.
Please find attached our Christmas to you all at O.O.R.
We're not sending analog versions out as we're trying to save the planet.
Have a great Christmas and New Year and we'll see you on the other side, whatever that means.
That's a very creative idea to do your Christmas cards digitally.
So I would like to see some holiday cards.
I don't want to say Christmas because that's insensitive.
I want Christmas cards.
I want it fucking loaded with baby Jesus.
Okay, then fine.
For this week's mailbag, we would like to challenge you to send us Christmas cards and
they better be about Christmas and Jesus and Santa and all that stuff.
Unless you want to do them about original Christmas and that's with yule logs burning
and candles on trees and druids sacrificing things.
Fine, look, whatever.
We want your Christmas cards via email this week.
So mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
I like that.
And your banners for the PSP website, damn it.
VXJ6V, yes, that's a creative idea because I'm not talking about someone signing on to
like Yahoo greeting cards or whatever.
I'm talking about they actually...
We want you to get into Photoshop and make it your damn self.
Yeah, they made one and let me, maybe I should make that clear because I don't want to see
the same damn e-card over and over.
They actually made a Photoshop little card that was cute.
It was.
It was very nice and we appreciate it very much.
I actually mailed all of four real Christmas cards this year and they were pretty cool.
That's it for emails, I think.
Is that it?
Nope.
We got some spam.
Fuck you.
All confirmed at eBay.com.
You shit.
Done?
All right, there you go.
If you want to send us emails, mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Back to the gaming news.
Loki.
All right.
Well, let's see here.
We've got some other interesting stuff.
This is a game that I was playing quite a bit right after it came out.
I kind of put it off now since I have other things to be playing, but I want to go back
and maybe this will entice me.
Mercenaries 2 is getting some new download content.
They kind of teased this a little bit a while ago with their Obama and Sarah Palin characters.
Well, this is all going to be part of the Blow It Up Again download content pack.
It is going to be free and it is going to contain a bunch of cool stuff, including some
new modes.
They're going to have four new game types, including there is one that looked like a
death race or something like that, and some other fun explosion-based games, which is
kind of cool.
Apparently, it will be coming out on the Marketplace December 16th, so that's pretty awesome for
PS3 owners.
I think the 360 is already out.
All right.
Well, if you want to continue to expand the games that you might own, Guitar Hero World
Tour is going to be offering five free download tracks, but only if you own the guitar bundle
of the game.
So not buying the game by itself, not buying the big band box, just buying guitar and game
by itself.
Supposedly, you're going to be getting five free songs, and here's the thing.
It's not five pre-selected songs like it was a rock band.
You'll just get to choose five free downloadable tracks.
Details coming soon.
That's all we know right now, apparently, is that if you get the $90 guitar game bundle,
you will get to choose five tracks to download.
And I guess free is good, but it's kind of weird that they're doing it for just the guitar
bundle.
Does that strike anyone else as odd?
Yeah.
I think they're desperate because people already have guitars.
You know what?
I actually almost bought Guitar Hero World Tour.
Every song in the song list that I really, really wanted to play was pretty much already
in rock band.
I feel bad.
I feel like rock band's so much better than Guitar Hero.
I mean, it's so much more versatile, has a lot more tracks to play.
We met some real nice people that worked on Guitar Hero at PAX.
That is true.
But one thing I am excited about, though, is the music mixer.
The studio mode.
It's limited.
Really?
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
It's...
We'll see.
Maybe when it comes down in price a little bit.
I think the price is one thing I'm having a hard time justifying.
I do really need a new guitar, though.
In fact, I was playing the No Doubt stuff in rock band.
Maybe if they get better downloads, too, I'd be on board.
No Doubt has that album, right?
And my roommate was watching me play it and was like, ah, it's too bad you don't have
a second guitar.
I actually want to play rock band right now.
This is pretty cool.
And I'm like, oh, I need to get a second guitar anyway, because I'm still using the Explorer.
Still.
And TigerClaw says, why buy the game when SingStar Abba was all you cared for?
I can't believe I left that out of my gaming week, but I did play SingStar Abba last night.
It was a lot of fun.
Mm-hmm.
Yep, yep.
There you go.
Well, this is definitely for the UK.
In February, Rise of the Argonauts is going to be coming out.
It's an action role play game that's being put out by Codemasters.
They're actually, it's already out on PC, PS3, and Xbox 360 everywhere else in Europe.
However, the UK version had some problems with actually having space for the game.
It really was only a retail issue.
The publisher actually said that they tried to get it into retail in the UK, along with
the others, but it was so busy they could not do it, so they actually delayed the UK
launch, simply for retail reasons.
It actually was supposed to be out in the US on February 16th, and everybody else as
of Friday.
Hmm.
All righty.
Cool.
Let's see, you may remember back, man, I can't believe it's already been like over a year,
but Bioshock, they had some limited editions that came out that had the Bioshock Big Daddy
figurine with it.
Well, now to go with the Big Daddy is A Little Sister, and you'll actually be able to purchase
these.
They're from the Cult of Rapture, I'm not sure if they're actually being sold through
the website or not, but yeah, it's going to be a little sister figurine that will go along
with it.
That's kind of neat.
No word on pricing or when it's going to be available, but soon I guess.
All right.
Hey, something that's available, Pac-Man is coming out on the mobile phones, and here's
the interesting thing, it just came out in Europe, apparently, it's a mobile version.
256 levels, because the original arcade version also cracked out after 256 levels, but what's
cool about this, the mobile game actually supports local matches via Bluetooth, and
remember the awesome game Pac-Man Versus, and what was so awesome about that?
You could play as the ghost, you can do that in this mobile version as well.
Now here's the thing, there is that kind of like fog or limited vision on the mobile phone,
but you know what, still kind of awesome.
So there you go, if you're a mobile gamer and looking for a game to get, being able
to play as the ghost definitely puts a whole new twist on Pac-Man, so that's available
right now in Europe, and I'm sure we'll come over here soon.
Well here's some happy news for Nintendo fans in the States, the DSi is supposed to be coming
to North America in March 2009, which we knew we'd be getting it, I mean it's not like they
wouldn't release it over here, but it's kind of nice to have a date, don't you think?
It's already out in Japan, and so we've been hearing all about it, and I'm sure people
have imported it already, but now you don't have to, if you have patience.
Patience.
It's a virtue.
Sadly, I'm not virtuous, but oh well, I have to because I'm poor.
I want it now, Daddy!
Do you want the goose that lays a golden egg?
I want a goose that lays a golden egg!
And it's also a very stressful episode on Wonder Shosen.
Patience, patience, patience, patience, patience.
God, I love Wonder Shosen.
I'm so sad that show only went.
Never watched any.
Oh, Jamie, you are missing out.
Okay, if you're going to make me watch your crappy movie, I'm making you watch Wonder
Shosen.
Hey!
It is a crappy movie, but it is fun-crappy.
It's the hot dog highway!
Daddy!
Mortimer!
Anyways, there's a new game coming out called Treasure Trove, which is kind of an interesting
name.
Basically, it's a game coming over from Asper Software, and what's unique about this game
though is it's sort of got a little bit of an augmented reality twist to it.
Basically, you'll play this game actually walking around, and it will pick up on Wi-Fi
signals that are nearby.
And based on those Wi-Fi signals, it will kind of create treasures for you to be able
to collect.
So you can actually walk around different places and find different treasures.
It's like a real-life treasure hunt, I guess.
You might also remember that I want to say Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops did something
similar to that effect as well.
In fact, I think you could get different unlockable characters based on Wi-Fi spots.
So that's kind of neat.
I don't know if I like the fact that I have to walk around to find these Wi-Fi spots,
but neat nonetheless.
Kind of interesting.
Is this kind of like the whole, what do they call it, geocaching thing?
Sort of, but not quite as cool.
Tigerclaw says, I bet the treasures are actually just open Wi-Fi networks.
That would be a treasure.
Hey, one more story about an announcement, possible announcement, coming to Consumer
Electronics Show.
This could be some big gaming news.
It's just a rumor, however it's coming from a research analyst for the firm Global Equities.
Apparently Microsoft could be unveiling a Zune phone at Consumer Electronics Show.
Apparently the Zune phone, you can guess what it's probably trying to compete with, but
it's supposed to have motion enhancement features.
It would actually have an accelerometer in it, a large multimedia screen in it, and a
keyboard I guess that is on the screen.
Now of course, the interesting thing about it is that although nothing is really said
about gaming right away, you would think, especially with the way the other big phone
is going, and especially because Microsoft has that tie into the 360, and they've always
talked about that whole live anywhere thing.
And they also showed off those downloadable XNA titles to the Zune.
This would be really a great bridge between all that, especially with so many community
games.
The community thing has really exploded out there, and grad store buddy Aaron, who appears
to still be in the top 15 of the games on the community games, amongst all the stuff
that's out there right now, props to him.
But that would be very interesting if all these XNA games could suddenly be playable
on the phone.
It's like they'd have this huge base of already made things.
Excellent idea.
We'll see.
Although, I don't know, if they actually put out a Zune phone, would that be something you'd
be interested in, Loki?
Because I know you're like an Apple hater.
You know, Dark Soccer and I already have iPhones, so I can pretty much guess Dark Soccer would
have the same answer I would, that I'm locked into this phone for two years, even if I wanted
one, I couldn't get it.
But you, Loki, would you be interested?
Not really, because usually with those plans for a phone like that, they have data plans,
and it's expensive.
I don't use my phone for browsing the internet and stuff, although I would probably like
doing that, because it would come in handy sometimes.
But it would all depend.
Maybe if they made a standalone Zune player that also played games, and you can download
stuff maybe not the phone, then I might be interested in it.
But it's not something I'm actually going to purchase as a phone.
Rama in chat says, OK, Microsoft, you already have smartphones and Pocket PC's phones that
are on the market.
That's a whole lot better than iPhones.
You don't need a damn Zune phone.
We'll see.
All right.
That does it for stories tonight, and we'll get to some last minute stories in just a
moment.
But we are going to open up the Skype line right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you wanted to call and talk about the show tonight, please give us a call.
We're only going to take a couple calls tonight, because we want to make sure we have time
after the show for the Justin TV thing with Tatsunoko and Capcom.
So we're going to try to abbreviate this so we get Loki home on time and not in trouble.
And then I just want to...
Well, I appreciate that.
We don't need to do that.
I don't want to stay up all night either.
So...
It's freaking cold in here.
It is very cold in here.
So yeah, we're going to just take a couple quick calls while we're waiting for a call.
Loki, you want to do some last minute stories?
Yes.
There's a weird game that this company is showing off.
3D-AUS has a game called Funny Band.
It's a Korean developer that's put it out, and it has a peripheral that combines both
a keyboard, a guitar, and drum set.
Now, you may ask, how the hell are they doing that?
Well, the guitar looks kind of like a rock band guitar.
It has four frets on top, two frets on the bottom.
And then also on that, there are two sets of keys.
There's four keys on the bottom and three keys on the top, kind of, of the base of the
guitar.
And you flip the guitar over, and there's six drum pads.
So that's kind of neat.
And the game itself kind of looks a little bit like, you know, a guitar hero or a rock
band.
But what's kind of cool is the actual board that the notes scroll down is kind of curved.
So it's like, kind of, I don't know, the end of, like, Splash Mountain or something.
But the game itself looks kind of cool, and no word on exactly when it's coming out.
But very neat, and a good way, I guess, to have all your peripherals in one spot.
Sucks that you can't play drums and guitar though at the same time, not without it being
very uncomfortable.
Something else that's coming out, Brutal Legend, of course, was shown off during the Video
Game Awards show tonight.
And EA is now bringing that game out.
Of course, this used to be one of the properties of Nvidia before they got bought up by Activision.
And now EA is putting out yet another game, a little bit different, not going to see Brutal
Legend, you know, 2010 or something like that, but neat nonetheless.
And then we were talking a little bit before about DJ Max Technica.
Well, DJ Max Technica is actually coming to the DS.
And they're going to be doing a DS game that's going to also have some DSi features as well.
It's going to also use a DSi camera and have storage support, which is kind of cool.
But very cool to see that this is going to be coming to the DS.
I guess it'd be perfect since it's a touchscreen game, and the PSP versions have done very
well as well.
All right, now we're finally getting calls, because apparently our Skype was on Don't
Disturb or something, and I finally figured that out thanks to a chat comment.
And to reset it, now we've got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Launch Radio.
It is Jason.
Hello, Jason.
I come from the internet.
I was getting a little worried that no one was going to call tonight.
I was like, that's a little embarrassing, but then I realized...
You were online the whole time, ever since you came on to do the tossover with Bobby.
Yeah, usually we turn it off for the first hour and a half, but I got lazy tonight.
Well what's up, Jason?
Oh, not too much.
Just chilling in three degree weather.
Just chilling.
That's what it feels like here, even though it'd probably kill us if we told you how cold
it actually is here.
You'd probably be like, you're fucking babies.
For the record...
It's okay.
This weather would have frozen me if I had still lived in Arizona at the time, so I could
definitely understand.
47 degrees out, by the way.
Whips.
Whips.
That's what, a Colorado summer?
All right, no, I'm kidding.
What's up, Jason?
That's it.
That's pretty close, actually.
I have had notes open ever since the start of the show.
Home.
Hooray, home.
It's funny, because when you said that this was something that was popular in the 90s,
all of these memories came fluttering back.
There was two things that stood out.
One of them was a company called World's 3D that...
I remember World's 3D.
I never...
The sad thing is I've never actually used any of these 3D World products back then.
I didn't have my own computer.
I was young.
I didn't know nearly as much as I do now.
You know, that kind of stuff.
World's 3D came out and tried to do this.
I don't know if that's what ZDNet, the precursor to Tech TV, if that's what ZDTV spotlighted
at one point, but I remember seeing a 3D interface for web browsing.
And you know what?
It doesn't work.
It's slow.
We have a great interface for browsing the web.
They're called web browsers.
It presents everything in a great medium.
What a concept.
So you think home is just stupid, or what?
It's...
Bobby had it right, and I've said this to a couple people in the chat room, and I think
you even echoed it at the same time.
You want to compare it to Second Life, but you can't compare it to Second Life.
Second Life is a game in the sense that you have production and you can play other people's
production and whatnot.
Home is an interface to...
I mean, it's an alternative to the XMB, you could say, with the fact that they're trying
to integrate partying and game launching and that kind of stuff.
Yes, it's a cross-media bar that says, fuck shit, nay, and fat, and all that stuff, you
know?
Yeah, it's another interface, and you know what?
It's slow, and it takes forever, and it just doesn't work as well.
That's not the...
Well, that's natural.
It doesn't work on the digital mediums.
It's not that smart.
Well, you said you've been taking notes during the show.
What else did you want to comment on?
It was just a lot of this.
It's kind of funny.
Some of the things that Rai pointed out was that the repeated loading and downloading
of all of the zones in the home reminded us an awful lot of Metal Gear Solid 4, the fact
that you had to install more than every chapter worth of the game.
That was aggravating.
That was the worst thing I've ever seen in a game.
Did you know that Prince of Persia is the first PlayStation 3 game I've bought that
had to do the installation thing, and it kind of caught me off guard?
I was like, whoa, hey, I forgot PS3 games do this, because all the other PS3 games I
have, LittleBigPlanet didn't really do it, and it might have, but I totally didn't notice
it.
It did.
It's small.
I just didn't notice it.
I think I was doing something wrong.
You notice that there's no more stories about those anymore?
It's because every game does it now.
I was actually going to say and ask the same thing about LittleBigPlanet.
I don't remember an install.
It did it, but it's just kind of short, and so is the Prince of Persia one.
You'll notice the first time you play the game, it's slow to boot up, and I was like,
oh, this shit's installing on my hard drive right now, and sure enough, every time I've
booted it since then, boop, comes right up.
That's just so weird to me.
But PC games have done this for years, right?
That's a PC.
The difference between a PC and a PC is that you have to support a lot.
In a game console, developers should already know exactly what they need to do.
I mean, you can say the same thing for download content, but I don't know.
It just seems really weird in the way that the PC is kind of graying out with consoles
nowadays.
Let me say this, Jason.
To me, it's weird, but it's not a deal breaker.
I can put up with it, especially if it's just once at the beginning of the thing.
I would only be more pissed off if it kept happening throughout the whole thing, which
it sounds like it happens in Metal Gear Solid 4.
Oh, my God.
And it's funny, because the first time it installs, it takes something like 10 or 20
minutes, I think, if memory serves correctly.
And then every additional time it installs, it takes about three minutes.
And I swear to God, it's a three minute.
When we were playing through it and Wright was watching me play, when we were playing
through it and we would get to these stupid installs, I would say, it's a three minute
Marlboro commercial, because Old Snake is sitting there smoking away right in your face
for three minutes, and nothing else is going on.
He's just sitting there huffing and puffing.
Comment from chat.
Legend of Zaku says, bullshit, PC games installed faster than PS3 games.
I got three words for you, Final Fantasy XI.
You can't count download time.
Download patches and updates towards that level.
Well, even the game itself spawns across like four CDs.
It's crazy.
I don't even remember.
All right, forget it.
It doesn't matter.
It's been too long.
I understand the point he's trying to make, that some of those PS3 installs are very long,
but you know.
Anyway, Jason, I've got to rush you along, because we've got to take some more calls.
Is there anything else you want to comment on tonight?
One thing that I do want to say for myself, as much as I have a disdain for it, I think
everything we say about home is a preview.
It's not a review.
There's very little content in there, and until we can start seeing things like clubs
really happening, and club houses, and anything else that they actually do decide to sell,
as soon as it's actually flourishing, it's a preview.
But Jason, when you open it up to the masses like Sony has, that's not how everybody's
going to view it.
People are going to download this and go, this is home?
This is bullshit.
And they're not going to look at it again.
They've shrugged it off as the whole beta thing, but...
I mean, they've pushed it to the cross-media bar.
You have a point.
It's right there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It definitely popped up as soon as I found out that it was open for everybody.
I don't know.
I stand by my comment, but I certainly understand yours.
Okay, Jason, I think home is going to be one of those things that's a lot cooler in a year.
It's like the PS3 itself, it's not going to realize its potential for like a year.
That's a good point.
Well, Lord knows we didn't buy our PS3 until recently, because the library, we didn't care
about it.
Yeah.
We didn't have a need for Blu-Ray, which has also changed now, Blu-Ray movies, that
is.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Well, Jason, we're going to let you go so we can take some more calls, but thank you
so much for the call tonight, and you have a good one.
Bye, guys.
All right.
Bye-bye.
All right, if you want to give us a call, we'll do at least one more call, try to sneak
two in.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey.
It's your buddy from New York, Rama.
Well, hello, buddy from New York, Rama.
How you doing?
I'm pretty good.
I was cold early, but now I'm happy I'm home.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I tried to call you guys last week, but since SSJ100Man had told me you guys didn't have
the 1-800 number, I had gone into an interesting...
Yeah, we had issues last week.
Sorry.
Don't we all have issues once in a while?
Yes.
Yeah, but I had gone to an interesting concert last week and called Blip Fest 2008.
I'm going to post a link in the chat.
It's blipfestival.org, but basically, once a year, it's a concert of all types of classic
8-bit programmers and gamers alike that program in with NES, Commodore 64, and they do all
kinds of various music with it.
Sorry, I've been looking at the Wii stuff for setting up for After Show.
I've been talking to you.
I haven't looked at the website, but let me look.
What convinced you to go out to the show?
Well, a friend of mine told me about it last year.
I couldn't get it, and I couldn't get a chance to go, but I am a big fan of Chiptunes.
It's basically like the music that you guys play at the end of the show.
I don't know if you heard the shows we did live at Penny Arcade Expo, but I wonder if
Bobby's listening.
He'll say it in chat, but there was a guy that actually came on who did Chiptunes with
his old-school brick Game Boy, and he was pretty rad.
I think he came in...
And he was playing them actually...
It wouldn't have been the last day, because we weren't there the last day, because of
our flight.
It was the second day.
So look for day two of the PAX podcast.
We did it all games.
And towards the end of the shows, when the guy came on, he was pretty awesome.
Did you get his name or something like that?
I don't remember it off the top of my head, sadly.
I know we had it at the time, and I apologize if Bobby's listening.
He'll remember.
Okay.
Yeah, a lot of the performers on stage were actually meeting, and with Game Boys, there
was one artist that I think his name was Nordliff, or N-R-U-S-K, actually had two Game Boys and
basically switching back and forth through a mixer.
You had another group I saw on Sunday called Starscream.
Pretty much what they were doing was, you had one person on the Game Boy and another
person on drums.
It was just like a non-stop dance party or what?
Something like that.
It turned into like this awesome eight-pick electro rave, and there was a lot of crowd
surfing.
It was just great.
It ran an hour late, but it was well worth it, because my favorite group was on stage,
Onamanaguchi.
Basically, their background beats is eight-pick, N-E-S, and you have one on drums, a lead,
a bassist, and another guitarist.
I just can't remember what his part was.
Okay, I actually found it.
Of course, somebody in chat says it right, as I find it myself, but his name was Paul
Owens, and he's the director of the movie Reformat the Planet.
Oh, okay, that artist wasn't there.
Okay.
Anyway, sorry, when you said chiptunes, I just remembered that particular performance
was pretty awesome.
But I know what you're talking about.
This is kind of a big part of how 8-Bit Weapon kind of got their sound, you know?
Definitely.
I love 8-Bit Weapon.
So that's cool.
It's funny that this stuff's gotten bigger and bigger.
Definitely.
Now, from what I saw on Sunday, I would recommend these artists to check out.
Starscream, Syphus, Nordloaf, and Onomatoguchi, and USK.
Those are my five favorites.
If you have a nostalgic 80s feel to you, Trash 80 is really good.
How much did this whole thing cost you?
Actually, it was $15.
It was a four-night event.
It's $50 for all four nights.
If you paid $60, you get a DVD of Blitz Festival 06.
I just went for Sunday.
And I just picked up 07 DVD.
And I will tell you this, the way they remixed the music on that DVD, even if you have it
defined almost near where no one can still hear it, it's still loud, and it's really
good.
All right.
Well, it sounds like you had fun.
I wish our phone lines had been open last week.
Yeah.
And half the fun was just the visuals, I mean, the guys on stage, you saw, like, flashbacks
of 8-Bit gaming and everything.
I got to get the pictures up soon, but I did catch one screenshot of the samurai show that
went out on battle screen.
Wake me up when they have Guardian Legend.
I didn't see any Guardian Legend.
I'm just saying.
I know.
I know how much you love it.
You know.
It's not just me.
Dark Sakura, too.
Yep.
I think Loki has a soft spot for it, too, maybe not as strong.
The Force is not strong with him, but, you know, a little bit.
All right.
I'm staring at that screen, and happy fangirl is...
We'll get to it.
We'll get to it after the show.
Sorry, we got Tatsunoko vs. Capcom up on the screen now.
Finally.
We're going to get to it soon.
Rama, we've got to let you go.
We've got to let you go.
We've got one more call.
All right.
Can I say one more thing and I can get out of here?
Of course.
Jamie, that song, it's Pitch Black.
It's off the MC Frontline album Secrets from the Future, so you know which one it is.
Okay.
Cool.
Awesome.
Got it.
All righty.
Actually, did you get a chance to check out the new album?
I think it's in my roommate's car, but I'll have to check it out soon.
Very much worth it.
Definitely.
All right.
Bye, Rama.
Bye.
We'll take one more call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call right now.
Any other last minute stories?
Did we get them all?
No, we didn't.
All right.
Go ahead.
It's music news stuff.
Pearl Jam's 10 album is coming to Rock Band in March.
That was announced at the Spike VGA.
They want me smoking last night.
Spoken.
And then Guitar Hero Metallica, there's some stuff coming out about it, including that
it's going to have a new, more difficult Expert Plus drum setting.
And apparently you're also going to be able to get some new Metallica drum sounds for
your drum fills and stuff like that.
Hurry for my broken drum set.
And?
Yeah.
Sorry, I picked up our caller.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Akiripur.
Hey, Akiripur.
What's on your mind?
I'm, well, what is it?
I'm, as you haven't heard, I'm back in WoW playing on the US server once again, actually.
Congratulations.
Oh, well.
Well, Andrew, I thought you were going to go up to us, that you can now change your,
totally re-customize your character in WoW.
Yes.
That's right.
There was some new news.
There was some new news that came out this week, is that now you can totally go back
and re-customize your character.
You were able to before, after the patch, you could do the hair.
And you could change some of the facial features that way.
But now, you can go in for a total makeover, which is where you can change everything about
your character's looks, basically.
But you can't change the race, you can't change the class.
So if you're a Tauren druid, you have to stay a Tauren druid.
Or probably better, because they're the only ones that can be druids.
But a good example would be something like, if you are a undead warlock, you can't switch
to, you know, like a troll warlock or something, you've got to stay undead.
Troll warlock.
The interesting, oh, whatever.
The interesting thing is, is that, I don't play a warlock, obviously.
The other interesting thing is, is that you can change the gender of your character, so
you can now give your character a sex change!
Whee!
Yay.
And, well, here's the other thing, is that, well, as one sort of, well, I don't know if
you're supposed to be, but as one cross-dresser sort of like, since I'm not considered myself
fully lone fanny.
I would say, but, that doesn't matter!
We already play as girls already!
Yeah, my character, I play as a Tauren female, because who plays a Tauren female?
I'll tell you, nobody plays a Tauren female.
You do.
Yeah, me.
And there's probably like five on the entire server.
In his sassy pants?
Yes.
I usually don't give out the character name of the server.
Sorry.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
Sorry.
I don't want random tells, nah, they're probably fine.
It's alright, I don't care.
But yeah, I just don't need the random emails of people saying, I looked up your character
in the armoury, and she sucks, because that'd tell them exactly what they could do.
But anyway, sorry.
I'm making a process of levelling up, speaking of warlocks, a warlock, and I get to level
30.
It's damn, it's damn, I could say it's damn nice that you get your amount at level 30
nowadays.
Oh, it's amazing.
They made a lot of great changes.
One change I really like that they did is that now you have the heirlooms.
So if you have a level 80 character, and if you save up your badges or winter grass marks,
you can buy these heirlooms, and you can send them, they're bind to account, meaning you
can send these items to any player on your account, and they actually scale in level.
And what's cool is that the shoulders heirlooms that you can buy scale in level, so you can
send them to your level one character, and they get a 10% experience bonus gain in addition
to the pretty awesome stats.
So kind of neat.
That seems quite nice.
Oh well.
Well, other than that, well, I have nothing to remark about, apart from like, yeah, I
should say, point out, check out Left 4 Dead.
It's really nice.
Where's this?
What is this?
Left 4 Dead.
Oh, Left 4 Dead, oh, yeah, yeah.
When the demo was released, I got up to plate, so.
But it really is something.
The only thing you have to point out is that you really do need four people and mics, and
all of them need to have mics, else there really isn't any fun.
All right, well, I gotta let you go, because the chat wants less Warcraft and more Tatsunoko
versus Capcom, so we're gonna wrap up the show.
Yeah, I'm pretty excited about that, too, so.
All right, well, take care, buddy.
Yeah, same.
Thank you for the call.
We enjoy hearing from our listeners from afar.
I do have commentary about Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
Which would be?
I like the music that they've put up for the characters, that for Ken, they give him the,
okay, gotcha on history, for the first 13 episodes of the series, it had a more sedate
opening, and the da-da-da theme that everyone knows was the closing theme, and then they
switched it over because all the fans liked the big one better.
So Ken gets that theme, but Jun gets the original opening, which I thought was pretty funny.
And that's it for me being a total Tatsunoko fangirl nerd.
And Dan laughed at me because I was singing along with it while I was playing the other
day.
All right, we're going to go around and give everybody's final thought and wrap up tonight's
show.
We're at the end of the show.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't get it.
More last minute stories.
Sorry, yes, last minute stories.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
No, that's all right.
Okay, back to Guitar Hero Metallica.
They have a partial track list out from it now.
On top of the Metallica songs, there's going to be some songs from other bands that worked
with Metallica and stuff like that.
Alice in Chains, No Excuses, Bob Seger, Turn the Page, Judas Priest, Hell Bent for Leather,
Cyrus with Demon Cleaner, Lynyrd Skynyrd with Tuesdays Gone, Mastodon, Blood and Thunder,
looks like the Michael Sheckler group, Armed and Ready, Samhain, Mother of Mercy, and The
Sword, Black River.
And there's also apparently some unannounced tracks by Slayer, Queen, and the Foo Fighters.
I guess this is all coming from the new Game Informer.
It's going to have some info on that.
Also the Metallica tracks in there, Enter Sandman, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Fuel, Hit
the Lights, King Nothin', Master Puppets, and No Leaf Clovers, Nothing Else Matters,
Sad but True, The Unforgiven, and Where I May Roam, so that's kind of cool.
And let's see, some other stuff, download content coming to LittleBigPlanet, including
a Santa costume you can get now, it'll be available free on December 18th, and they're
going to have it in two parts, so you can make your Santa sack boys, and I downloaded
that by the way.
I haven't played LittleBigPlanet in a couple days, or actually a couple weeks, just because
I've been playing other stuff like Prince of Persia and stuff, but yeah.
And that's it.
Got it.
Alright, now we're going to go around and give everybody's final thought and get on
out of here so we can get to our post-show, and then the Tatsunoko Capcom stuff will be
fun.
Everybody's final thought, Dark Soccer, we'll start with you, what's your final thought?
They're the white shadow.
Because if you know Gachamon.
I don't.
Anyway, I forgot the whole stupid speech, so whatever.
More Gachamon, less wow.
My final thought is, wow, I love my new, I have a tanuki suit hoodie that I have now
that's awesome, I wore it out last night and I got compliments on it, but the best part
about it, on the actual hoodie, is little cat ears.
So you actually look like, I'll go out and get it.
Oh, never mind.
Yeah, I don't have it out right now, but I'll wear it out sometime when we go out to not
go to the test location of DJ Max Technica, because you know, you're like, I gotta go
shopping.
Let's get some shoes.
Let's get some shoes.
Loki, your final thought?
Uh, my final thought is I gotta find Cage Man's song.
You better hurry.
Alright, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Independent Podcasting,
you guys are awesome, and thanks so so so much for your support, without you guys, we
just wouldn't be here, you know, we don't have any major TV thing, we don't get acknowledged
through the video game awards, we don't have tons of people listening to us, so just help
us spread the word, leave a nice review on iTunes, or some other website that ranks podcasts,
you know, tell your friends about the show, that's all we ask, commercial free, yes, sometimes
the podcasts are slow to upload, but you know what, it's free.
We love ya.
So, have a good one you guys, and until next week, we will see you on Orange Lounge Radio,
have a good one.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio, Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6pm pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
