Orange Lounge Radio
Music Hosts
Dark Sakura
Sky and Loco
Tonight, December 28th, 2008
Happy La Raza goes free
Konami files another music game lawsuit
And we look back at the highlights
2008 in gaming
Orange Lounge Radio
Merry Christmas
It's too late for that
It's a preemptive one for 2009
It's still Kwanzaa
It's true
Merry Kwanzaa
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio
We are that podcast on the internet
Dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture
And the gamer lifestyle
We are here live on all games radio
December 28th, 2008
Talk about the latest and greatest in video games
Video gaming, gaming culture
And the gamer lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts
Joining us as always, say hello to the one and only
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers
I'm sad, Rob
Why are you sad?
It's the last show of the year
I know, it's the last show ever
And my nap got disturbed
How did your nap get disturbed?
I was napping and suddenly it was showtime
Thanks
Hit the ground running tonight
The show before us, Bobby, you know we love Bobby
He was running a little long tonight
Because he had a bunch of guests on
They were doing 2008 reviews
We were just kind of chilling
And it kept going and going
So we were like, let's take a cat nap
But then our chat room was getting restless
As they might say overseas
Rude
A little bit rude
But it's all good
It's handy
So anyhow
We're going to get the show started
Talk about the latest in gaming this week
And some of the highlights of 2008
And gaming, we have listless tonight
What about Loki?
Ah, fuck Loki
No, I'm just kidding
Everybody say hello to Techmaster Loki
I don't want to talk to you anyways
I'm sure he'd make his presence known at some point anyway
I haven't gone into the gaming weeks yet
But he still learned hello
And if you haven't gone into the gaming weeks
And still forgot Loki
Then you could yell at me
Rob, don't you know that the first rule of parenting
Is maintain a schedule in order
Am I your daddy?
Oh baby
Also say hello to the one and only
Arcadian42 is joining us tonight
Straight from the ultra-sensitive mics
Yes, the ultra-sensitive mics
Wanted to come and bother you for a show
No, please do
You know, it was funny
I had a bunch of people sending me private messages
Before the show began tonight
Do you have anyone coming? Do you have anyone coming tonight?
And I was like, no
I'm like, aren't the three of us good enough?
Well, I didn't know you were coming
And then you showed up and I'm like, oh good
This will appease those people that were thinking
We'd have some big, festive, year-end special
When in reality, most people that usually come on the show
Are out of town
And of course, prepare to be disappointed
When I don't say too much
I haven't played any of the most, almost none of the games this year
You know what, you'll just have to make your presence known tonight
And when in doubt, just do what
Rice Princess does and just fart in the mic
Okay, there you go
We've decided, though, what your special power is
The ability to show up at any party
And still be there
Yes
Playing pinball
Just sit in a corner and you
Don't notice me until
No, it's like
And we have no problem with this
We just think it's funny
Dan and I were talking about last time you were at one of our parties
And we were just wandering around the house
And people were starting to head off
And nothing's going on in the garage
At least so we think
We go into the garage and there he is
Playing
You're turning the light out
And you hear this voice
I was about to
And all of a sudden
I hear sound effects
From what machines do we have in there right now
Indiana Jones
No, we were fixing that one
But I was just hearing sound effects
I was like, what the crap? Oh, hi
I have nowhere to go
No, we thought it was funny
So that's your mutant power
And if you hear crackles tonight
In the sound, it's not your guys' iPods
Or speakers or what have you
One of our mics is strange tonight
And Bradley
This is the most you've ever talked
Like ever
This is a special day
God bless us, everyone
I'm just saying
Okay, Tiny Rob
Alright, let's go to
Hey, it's not the side, this is how you use it
Let's get into your gaming week
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was semi-eventful
I played stuff
I started Ragnarok Online DS
And I was like
Ooh, Ragnarok
Talking and talking and talking and talking
And talking and talking and talking
Wow, I read like a Japanese five-year-old
Talking and talking and talking and talking
And talking
Finally, action!
We're gonna fall off a cliff
Shit, we landed on this guy
Let's talk to him
Well, it's a novice at these graves
Which I'm guessing are his parents or some shit
But he goes and hears the thump
And it's this girl from
Who's one of the shaman class that was made for the game
And so he's like talking to her
She's all up in his face
Bump, bumping him back and everything
He's like, what are you doing hitting him with your boobs?
So it was like
Talk to me!
I forgot his name
But I was like, text in blue
I can read it
And it was named one of the towns
I was like, okay, good
All the towns are gonna be written in katakana
And I can read that shit
And it was
It actually, when it goes through big dialogue scenes
It has you saved periodically
So I've saved
And I've done my stats too
So I at least
Remember that all my stats are in the same place
Because I recognize the kanji for strength
And so I was like, well, strength is always the first one
So maybe the next one is agility
And the next one is intelligence
And blah blah blah blah
Okay, but besides the talking, does it play like the online one?
I haven't gotten that far
I'm just talking right now
So I was like, well, I should go to bed
So I did
And I tried to go back and play some more Order of Ecclesia and I still suck
Well, because I just need one more level worth of life bar and I'll be okay
Because I was like, right toward the end of the forest
Stupid freaking forest!
It's like worse than Simon's Quest
What a horrible night for a curse
And so
Anyway, so anyway
I also
I went with my friend Becky
And we got her husband an Xbox
Well, she did that technically
She got the family their Christmas present of an Xbox 360
And she gave him
A big fat gift certificate to GameStop
And I was like
Well, if you were gonna actually pick out games for him
You should get him
Fallout 3
And Fable 2
And the Orange Box
All of them
Awesome
Hell yeah
So anyway, so I actually got to see some of
Fallout 3 and I thought it was pretty cool
I didn't play any because those games make me freaking
Nauseated as hell
Did you get to hit the button that makes the baby talk?
I haven't really played Fallout 3 yet
But I was listening to Bobby talk about it on the last show
When they were talking about the
I don't remember what it was, but he was talking about slamming on the button
That makes the baby talk and I'm like, wow, that sounds kind of awesome
That could be the best game ever
And I played some Animal Crossing
So that I could harass Jingle
Who I think is on crack
Oh shit, I forgot about Holidays and Animal Crossing
Because he has the starry eyes
And I think that it really means that Jingle is on crack
So he won't sleep at all that night
So it's like, here's your presents
Kids
And, and, and, and
I downloaded something on my phone
What's that?
Well, two things. First of all was the
8,000 cocktail drink mixing guide
For free
Hey, we're having our
New Year's party at Julie's house
And I need to be drunk
Because it's Julie's house
Sorry
No offense to Julie if you listen
Intoxicated enough to play
To actually sing karaoke
We will have a special guest
Who will be here for this party
Namely, Sauce
Oh, is she coming to town?
No, she's actually going to teleport in
And show up just for five seconds
That night and leave
Yes, she's coming
Alright, I think I'll see you at Gaming Week
Before I smack you
I did play other stuff, I played Rhino Rock Online
The real thing
The real one for free
And someone gave me a mistress card
For Christmas
And I was like, ooh, a mistress card
Is that like a business card?
Like if you ever need a mistress to be called?
A stupid bee
That I hate
She's one of the MVP things
And then you get a card
That makes you not have to use gems
To cast stuff
Which is helpful and useful
Only I forgot to put it in something
So I got that
And
I played with the City of Heroes character creator
A lot, the Korean one
I hear it's the best part of the game
That's why I have the Korean character creators
I haven't played the whole game yet
I'm thinking about playing it
Because I was really thinking about it
I was like, dude, why would I even remotely
Want to play World of Warcraft again?
Because I was just looking at
Different stuff going on
I was like, dude, I don't want to play that anymore
So I'm kind of waffling again
So that's really it
For my Gaming Week
Let me read some chat comments
You can always join our chat room
Chat.orangelaundry.com
GS68 comments on
Both you and I have said
Things about the level of difficulty in the
Order of Ecclesia, the Castlevania game
And I don't know if it's just because we suck at games
Now that we've gotten older
Or the game really is kind of a step harder
But GS68's thoughts is
At least Ecclesia is think on your feet hard
Not stupid hard like Circle of the Moon
Yeah, well, this is what I've noticed
I've actually got pretty good
Reaction time through the
Through the forest
I sped through the first level
I really just sped through it
And I think that
I would probably
Do better with about another level's worth of life
And then I can get through it
Because it's like
This one place that I always end up
Getting smacked around at
Since you didn't get your time gaining experience points
So
So I'm going to go back and
And we have an offer from Xenocore in chat
Who's on the justice server in City of Heroes
Well, thank you kindly, sir
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay
I played more
Dissidef
Or Dissidia
Of the new Final Fantasy
I don't even know who you want to call the fighting game
To me, it's very similar to
Crisis Core a bit
Because Crisis Core, if you've ever played it
Is pretty much all battles
I mean, there's a little bit of
Kind of dialogue
And little plain stuff
In between, but you have kind of
Your main base that you
Do all your purchasing of items and stuff like that
But Dissidia is all
Fighting
And you can purchase items actually
Through your status screens
Stuff like that
Which I finally figured out how to do
Because I was like, well what the hell am I getting Gil for?
I can't use this for anything
And I'm like, oh, there's a store
Oh, there's better weapons
Why I'm not doing any damage to these people
So
It's been okay
It's kind of a lot of grinding
Because right now I'm just leveling up Cloud
But
I don't know, it's still fun
I wish I could understand some of the story that's going along
But to be honest, it doesn't
Really seem like I'm missing a whole lot
So, eh
And then
I went ahead and
Fired up my Playstation 3
I tried out Home
And
It's okay, I guess
I was kind of bored with it
I tried making a character look like myself
And then that didn't work, so the next best thing
Was I made a creepy Santa Claus
And I had to
You know, first I was just trying to find
Clothes that looked like the Santa Claus clothes
And then I realized that they actually sold the Santa Claus
Clothes, so I had to buy those
And so now
Wait, wait, wait, stop
Hold on, you bought something
In Home? Yeah
Get off the show
I am laughing you off
Of this program
You spent money on that
That's it
That's all I spent money on
But yeah, I didn't even end up buying the club
Remember how I talked about how I wanted to buy the OLR club
Well, turns out I could go in and buy it
And after I was reading more about it, I'm like, this sounds stupid
There's no point for it yet
But, you know
Basically I bought stuff on there
Just to see how easy it was
And it actually is pretty easy
The items are pretty cheap
At least the clothes were only like 50 cents each
And the thing about it is
I had knocked the PlayStation Network before
Because I hated the way you put money on your account
And you have to spend so much
Actually, I found out
If you have
If you are buying items that are under
$5
Then yes, you can only put in
The minimum of $5 on your account
If you're purchasing stuff over $5
In total
What will happen is
Say if you have less than $5 in credit left
It will only charge you
You can have the option just to
Import the exact amount into your account
Which is something I wish Microsoft
Would totally do with Xbox Live
Because that would be awesome
None of this
20 points just sitting there for no reason
You can actually just do the exact amount
Which is sweet
So yeah, I played around with home
For a little bit
And it was a complete waste of time
I don't get
What the purpose of all this is
But at least you look like Santa Claus
So hooray for that
Yes, at least I look like Santa Claus
Big deal
I'm going to still wear the Santa Claus costume forever
I'm not buying any more clothes
That's it, I'm Santa Claus forever now
Even in June
That's fun
So yeah, it was quite boring
And the loading is annoying
I gotta say
Some comments from chat because they're too good
Hanukkah Harry in chat says
What the fuck Loki, you might as well buy Eye of Judgment
No, I'm not buying Eye of Judgment
Trishlicious in chat says
I wish I had a Playstation 3 then I could be exploring home now
Honestly, Trish
I used to feel that same way
Like 6 months ago
You're not missing much, honestly
I think home is going to be a lot better in a year
But that'll be a year
I do have to give them credit though
The video integration in it
Like the actual little video screens and stuff
That's actually pretty cool
And it's pretty seamless
But at the same time it's kind of annoying
And it's also annoying how much
Stuff is being censored in there
Like everything is being censored
And it's really annoying
Ok, so enough with home
The other thing I downloaded on the Playstation Network this week
Was the new Metal Gear Solid pack
For LittleBigPlanet
And holy crap does that change the game
It really, first of all
The pack itself contains like
5 levels and I think a challenge level
And they're great levels
I mean it's the same kind of quality
As the in-game story levels
They're awesome
I like it though because the whole premise of the levels
Is that you're basically
Going to try to stop
Liquid's
Device for creating trophy levels
It's a machine that creates trophy levels
Genius, pure genius
I love the way that Media Molecule
Played on some of the current controversies
The only thing that would have been even better
Was a joke about moderation
Somehow
But I love that they actually made fun of the whole trophy whoring levels
That was great
But the actual
Like the new weapon, the paininator in it
Awesome, it really
It's going to open it up to a whole bunch of new
Types of levels
Which is great
And from what I actually watched the podcast they did on
Kotaku
They were talking about what their plans are
For LittleBigPlanet and they were asked about LittleBigPlanet 2
And they said
They have no plans on making LittleBigPlanet 2
As long as they can keep adding to LittleBigPlanet 1
They're going to keep doing that
That's all they're working on
Unless they hit a roadblock
Unless they really want to add
That they can't do in LittleBigPlanet
But for right now, they're just going to keep doing download packs because they're selling
really well.
So that's kind of cool.
Now just to clarify though, you don't have to buy this Metal Gear Solid add-on to get
to use the Paintinator because it'll show up in other people's levels, right?
Yes, that's right.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah, but if you want to add it to your own levels, then you have to buy it.
Honestly, you should buy it anyways because it's awesome.
I actually bought the Metal Gear Solid pack to the little costumes because I had to dress
up like, I think, Raiden in there or something.
It's cool now.
So I'm doing that instead of my weird ninja cape guy.
But yeah, I was playing some more of the levels on there.
They're really cool.
The Paintinator's fun.
And just someone actually made a level that was like a tank that had three different weapons
and stuff on there and that was kind of neat.
And just some of the stuff that they do in the Metal Gear Solid levels are just amazing.
They actually have one level that you have to sneak and avoid these spotlights because
if not, then you die because all these explosions come.
And then just, you know, the last boss in the game, it's awesome.
It really is an awesome set of levels and I really hope they keep releasing stuff like
this because they're really cool.
And then, of course, you know, the usual stuff, you know, more Grand Theft Auto IV, both on
PC and on the 360 and yeah, that's pretty much it, I think.
Alright.
Arkadian42, Bradley Surd, the chatty one tonight.
I saw you haul a DS in here and you were kind of playing DS while we had a little bit of
downtime a little bit ago.
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
Alright, most of this week I was not playing anything because I was at home on the other
coast doing Christmas stuff.
But what I've been playing recently is My Japanese Coach.
Wait, wait.
Where is home?
Because we might have some listeners there that want to go, whoo!
Greenville, South Carolina.
Whoo!
Alright.
Long way away.
Yes.
In front of the airport yesterday because my first flight was overweight so it drove
five of us down to Atlanta for the second flight.
Oh wow.
Yeah, it was a fun time.
Interesting.
Yeah, they were carrying extra fuel because there was like fog or something in Atlanta
so just in case it couldn't land at the time and had to fly around for half an hour or
something.
So you got lots of DS time in during all this travel debacle.
Well, actually I was listening in because there was a British couple who lived in the
area and they were going back to England for a week for someone's funeral or something.
It was kind of fun to listen to them.
But anyway, the one I was playing...
Sorry, I told me to laugh but I'm just trying to picture what must have been so fascinating
about this conversation.
Never mind.
Another show.
My Japanese coach.
Okay.
Well, I'm basically reviewing what I've learned before for the most part and learning a little
bit enough to get through that.
And it's actually pretty good for learning new stuff and I think there's maybe the only
limitation if you're like a newer user would be or a newer person learning Japanese would
be that it kind of glosses a little bit over the learning sentences and so on, but it's
good on repetition of words and so on.
Which is if you're just reviewing the first 30 or 40 lessons, it's a little bit tedious
because it takes a while because you have to repeat games and stuff to get to the next
lesson.
Do you actually have to talk into it?
No, you don't have to talk.
There is a thing you can actually compare.
You can speak into the mic and then it'll repeat it back and you can kind of compare
it to actually the actual Japanese speaker that's in the game so that you can learn that
stuff.
That sounds neat.
Do you think somebody like me who doesn't know a lick of Japanese yet tries to pronounce
the Japanese release dates here on Orange Launch Radio and gets teased for it every
other week, do you think I might have some benefit to play this game?
Yeah, it would be pretty good.
I might have to check it out.
Yeah, and then you can learn the hiragana and katakana and of course it takes a long
time because it's not until less than 40 or something.
Although Jamie did admit a few weeks ago, I've gotten better in the years I've been
doing it.
You have gotten quite a bit better.
I've gotten better, so when in doubt, crash and burn your way through it.
Arigato.
Yeah, because basically when I've been listening to the podcast, trying to catch up, I'm still
like 30 behind.
I'm actually thinking about getting that, though.
Oh man, come on, you can say that better.
With the Japanese coach?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Because I have a couple of friends that live in Japan that I want to visit, but I also
have people I know in England that I want to visit, so I have to think.
See if I really wanted to learn Japanese, what I would do is get Jamie a device where
every time I mispronounce a word, she shocks me, but the problem is that she would use
that device for things other than its intended purpose, so I don't allow her to have this
device.
Hanukkah Harry said I was a scroll.
I'm not a scroll.
That probably finishes gaming week.
Okay, I'll go a little bit farther than this week because other than this, since it's been
a while since I've been here, the other things I've been playing is Castlevania Lament of
Innocence, which, even though I heard people saying it was bad or something, it's actually
a pretty good game.
Other than the camera issues, which you can't see half the time because it's looking in
the other direction from the actual degree of movement, it's actually pretty enjoyable
and the voice acting is really good, and the other thing was Zelda Phantom Hourglass, which
I've still got a ways to go, and that's a fun game.
Alright, reading some other comments in chatroom, Akuma JP says, commenting on my reading of
the Japanese release dates, Sky sometimes gets very good when he is in a good mood,
but no idea when he is not in the mood, so apparently if I'm in a good mood, I'll do
better at reading the release dates, so I'll try to smile before I read the dates tonight
so I'm in a good mood, although I don't think we have a lot this week.
Alright, my gaming week, real quickly, because pretty much everything I wanted to talk about
has already been talked about.
I have been playing World of Warcraft, Wrath of the Lich King, as you know, I'm addicted
to MMOs, but I would like to congratulate our guild for clearing Nax, that was pretty
awesome, which is one of the big raids at the end, we cleared 10-man Nax this week,
which is nice, and the other thing I've been playing is the Metal Gear Solid expansion
on LittleBigPlanet, which is amazing, and everybody should buy it, because not only
does it come with the whole gun and things you can put in your own levels, I don't even
design levels, but I just kind of wanted to see, my thought was, is that, hmm, probably
Media Molecule designed some levels to unlock this stuff in, because I heard that you actually
had to play these levels to unlock the stuff, so you're basically getting, you know what,
five or so new Media Molecule levels, and they are great!
And I realized I could go online and download a ton of other levels, but there's something
about having the official developer with official unlocks, being able to play those levels,
and they are fantastic.
Something Loki kind of neglected to mention is that not only can you run through them
once, but you can go back and you can play through these same levels again with new challenge
elements on them, you'll get stickers at the very end that you can go back and place at
the very beginning, and then suddenly the entire level becomes a race, which makes some
of those things like the stealth level and stuff become very interesting, because you're
trying to rush, but not too much.
I've actually gotten most of the trophies for the entire thing, in fact, I think I have
all the trophies except for the one beating the last boss under a certain time limit,
but I have all the other trophies, because I've gone through-
I don't think I've unlocked a single trophy yet, sadly.
Because I've gone through, I've aced all the levels, I've gotten every single bit of collectible
stuff in the game, or at least in those levels.
I'm missing like two stickers in one level that is bugging the hell out of me because
I can't figure out where they are.
I know what you're talking about, you're talking about the third level, and it took me-
Yes, it is!
How do you know?
Where are they?
You tell me now!
Alright, I'll tell you now.
You know that spot where you have to shoot the green thing so the platforms lower down?
Yeah.
On the second one that lowers down, you walk through to the left, and there's a hallway
that you can walk through.
Oh, shut up.
Really?
Yeah, it took me forever to figure that out.
That is so crazy, I didn't even have to tell you what it is that's frustrating me, and
I know exactly what you're talking about, I'm like, nope, I haven't been there.
You're right, that's what I'm missing.
Yeah, because I had to read the comments for the actual level, and there was questions
about that in there, and that's where they said it was.
I knew, just playing the level, I'm like, there's something down there, I just don't
know how to get down there.
The network was down the day I was trying to play, so I couldn't do that.
Interesting.
But I gotta say, honestly, if you have LittleBigPlanet, check out the expansion, you won't be disappointed.
Even if you don't build levels, I think the five or so levels that come with it are, it's
six bucks.
It's worth it.
It really is.
Okay, let's move on with tonight's show, and try to get into some gaming news.
But first, some housekeeping tonight.
First off, we want to make sure everybody had a really wonderful holiday, and just a
quick reminder, although we didn't take off any shows for the holiday, we will not be
here January 11th, I believe is the day, yeah, January 11th, we will not be here, so no yelling
at Bobby if he goes long.
January 11th.
He can go to midnight if he wants, I don't really care, so be nice.
But yeah, no, we're not going to be here January 11th at all.
And just out of curiosity, something else I want to ask during housekeeping tonight,
did you all get any gaming loot for Christmas?
I didn't really get anything, but did you guys get any gaming loot for Christmas?
I got two things from Dan.
Well, keep in mind, we bought each other new computers, so we easily spent a couple grand
on each, you know, together for our presents.
But he did get me the Animal Crossing Strategy Guide, so I know what all the Toto KK songs
are called now.
And he got me these Kingdom Hearts promo cards that they had at his store, and I kind of
wanted them, so he grabbed me some, and I got the Silent Hill Homecoming soundtrack,
which a lucky person is going to be receiving a copy as well, but I won't say anything more
than that.
Ooh.
And candy.
And I got a coat.
I have a funny story about my coat.
You remember the coat I was wearing last week?
Yes, I do.
Well, Becky and I were going shopping.
Did someone knock on the...
No.
No.
We were going shopping, and we saw these coats at this one retailer, who I will not
mention, and we thought they were cute, so we went in, and it was like marked down from
$89 to $39, and they were probably going to get one half price.
So we just gifted each other coats, and they were really cool.
Nice.
And super cute, but I'm not wearing it today.
Um...
Surprisingly, the studio's not nearly as cold as it has been in previous weeks.
Dude, it's not.
I was thinking I was going to freeze or some shit.
Yeah, it's been kind of nice.
I don't know what the difference is today, but I'm not going to complain.
And of course, I got a Ragnarok Online DS from Loki.
Aw, Loki.
You're the best.
Hey, no problem.
All right.
One other thing...
Oh.
Oh, yeah?
I got Knights on Wii.
Oh, how's that?
Haven't opened it yet.
I didn't get any games or anything, but Rama did send me this shirt that says Companion
Cube is my co-pilot, so thank you very much to Rama, who sent me that shirt, which I think
is great.
It's very cute.
This is something you cannot have.
And I'm being very scummy because I wore it yesterday, too, and I'm doing that really
gross thing where I wore the same shirt two days in a row because I was lazy today.
I didn't really leave the house, so whatevs.
Come on.
You've all been there, too.
Admit it.
I do want to work in a plug for Bobby because our listeners chased him off the air tonight,
so the least I can do is give him a plug for his new project, which is actually going to
be pretty awesome.
And if I was in Atlanta, I would go.
Sadly, I'm not.
Sadly I might be, and I would make it a point on Friday night to go check out fnglive.net.
It's a new program that starts January 9th.
That's the same weekend.
We're not going to be here, sadly, but it all starts January 9th, and they are taping
live at a computer arena in Atlanta, and there's going to be other people on, and they're going
to actually dissect game consoles and repair them live on air, and it's actually kind of
a multimedia thing.
It's not just a radio.
They're doing TV, too, so it sounds pretty exciting.
I just sent them my broken 360.
Good luck fixing that one.
Yeah, I think you have to take a number for that, because I think they already have lined
up what they're doing for the first two shows, but...
No, I don't want it back.
They can just...
They just have it?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe they take it.
I don't know.
You'll have to talk to Bobby.
All right.
So check that out.
Again, fnglive.net, and they start January 9th right here on All Games Radio is where
you can hear the feed, so if you're not in Atlanta and you can't go check it out in person,
if you're in California, New York, Canada, wherever else you might be, you can check
it out on the internets.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Yes, we do have gaming news this week.
It's very odd.
We spend this week kind of reflecting on the year 2008, and we will do a little bit of
that later.
However, we need to talk about some news, because there's actually been some big news
this week.
Yeah, unfortunately it's not for our region, though, but Japan...
What happens in Japan?
Might happen here, right?
Still more.
Yeah, not so much, I don't think.
Basically, you know, Japan, they do a lot of things over there, especially with their
WiiWare service and Nintendo and that kind of stuff, that we will probably never see
over here.
For example, you know, they got a while back a...
I don't know if it was a couple WiiWare downloads, but they have a new, like, manga comics that
you can actually download on the service, which is kind of neat.
Plus, you know, they had their Nintendo channel for a while before we did.
Well, they're getting another channel, and it's not too surprising, since the other two
consoles also have one similar.
It's a new video streaming service that will be available.
Now, this is actually in conjunction with Densetsu, and it's basically not your typical,
you know, video download service, because they're not going to have movies, they're
not going to really have a lot of TV shows and stuff.
What they're going to have, though, is...
Oh my God!
Is it what I've always been waiting for?
A porno on-demand service?
No, it's not a porno on-demand service.
It's actually going to be some...
They're going to have Nintendo videos on there, whatever that's supposed to be.
I don't know if that's, like, the old Nintendo cartoons, you know, like the old Donkey Kong
stuff, and, you know, stuff like that, maybe Captain N. You know, one can hope.
And they're going to also have...
Oh God, no.
They're going to have...
Endless loops of Nintendo breakfast cereal commercials.
Basically, kind of think of, like, you know, family programming.
You know, stuff you'd see on Saturday mornings, that type of stuff.
That's what they're going to have on there.
Now, I don't know if it's actually going to have downloads as well.
It says some downloads will require payments, while others will be free.
There's that humming that one of the mics is causing, I don't know which one.
Is it?
Yeah, here.
It's a very...
That's a very naughty microphone.
Sorry, guys.
Anyway.
Live radio.
Hi.
Yeah, it's going to be coming early next year.
No prices have been announced yet, but interesting, though, that they're going to be bringing
this out.
Maybe this is something that's coming to the US.
I don't know how this...
To be honest, if you've ever used the web browser in this, you know, the bandwidth to
the Wii seems very, very slow, so can you imagine actually downloading content with
the Wii?
You know, like actual videos and stuff?
I think it would take forever.
We kind of need that upgrade that's supposed to get our SD cards, which wasn't that supposed
to be out before the end of the year?
Right.
That won't be coming out until...
You'll probably have to buy a game that'll unlock that or some shit.
Hitstun in chat says, Sky, porno on demand service equals the internet.
Ooh, touche.
But I can't really get that on my TV very easily.
I can use the internet channel or the PS3's internet thingy, I know, but they suck.
They're clunky.
But it works with...
If you're using YouTube on the Wii, it's not that good.
But you can do porno, too.
We did that one time, actually, at a bar.
It was clunky.
Yeah, that was actually last New Year's, wasn't it?
Or two years ago, maybe?
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Anyway, sorry.
I don't watch porn!
That's sick!
Remember the donkey punch video that they had?
It was...
Shut up!
It was literally a guy dressed as a donkey.
Shut up, monkey!
That was hilarious.
We didn't do that.
Literal puns are funny.
No, we prayed, remember?
Cheese.
Oh, Lord, please let them do a sequel to this video.
Amen.
And pterodactyl porn.
Hey!
Food Delivery Channel is coming to Japan, as well.
That's right.
If you want to get food delivered to you, you can now do that through your Wii.
It's called the Damae Channel, the Food Delivery Channel.
8,500 different restaurants.
Apparently you are going to be able to browse it by genre.
Like pizza, bento boxes, sushi, curry, Chinese, whatever.
You apparently can go on here, and the restaurants will actually estimate what the delivery time
is.
You place the order on the Wii, it's faxed to the restaurant, and then it's kind of like
ordering it on the internet.
And I was kind of like, this has got to be bullshit.
But apparently, there are screenshots and everything.
And granted, this stuff can be photoshopped, but I don't know why someone would want to
waste that colossal amount of time on a stupid prank on Christmas.
So this looks to be the real deal.
I guess so.
I don't know.
But this looks to be pretty authentic.
And which is strange, because people predicted that this might happen a long time ago.
Well, I suppose people predicted everything.
But yeah, you look at this here, and there's even a screenshot here where somebody can
click on like Pizza Hut and order pizza.
Interesting.
I don't know, if they did something like this in the US, do you think?
Man, Pizza Hut is talk about like a whore for like ordering stuff.
I mean, before they were in like EverQuest, you know, now they're in this business.
I would love to have a Pizza Hut here with the Japanese menu.
No, seriously, I was seeing one of the people I keep up with lived over there and posted
a picture of the order menu.
There's some very funky pizzas.
It's like something out of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or California Pizza Kitchen.
Or John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza?
No.
OK.
Um, yeah, the thing is, though, I don't think a channel like that would work here because
we're not so, we're so spread out here in the US, whereas in Japan, there's a lot more
kind of, you know what I mean?
Like, I don't think, it might work in different cities, it might work in different, like,
it might, they might be able to do that for New York City for, well, I don't even know
if you could do it in Los Angeles and make it worth it.
I don't know.
But then you say, you talk about how Pizza Hut whores themselves in every game.
Well, that's just good business though, right?
They can get one extra order a day out of it, it's worth it, right?
But the thing in, I don't know, it's just like, I just don't see myself firing up the
Wii to order a pizza when, I don't know, I could use the phone like everybody else.
You can do internet ordering on a lot of these places' sites, too.
That's very true.
AcidicVampire in chat says, Pizza Hut equals Kaka Hut.
Actually, that's probably one of the pizzas you can get in Japan.
You know what, though?
And I'll tell you, their pasta is pretty good.
I actually thought about getting some of that, but the thing, the tray of pasta that they
give you is huge, and that would just look ridiculous if I'm eating a huge tray of pasta
here.
Goodness, we don't have the camera anymore.
Yeah, we don't have the camera.
You could bring an entire cake.
But still, though, I wouldn't.
You could bring an entire cake and eat it on here.
I don't like that much cake.
I'll just say, fatty's eating cake again.
I don't like cake.
Now I did want to make a meatball sub, though, and for some reason I saw on the Food Network
they had this thing where they were making it over to someone's kitchen, and that's what
they decided to make is a meatball sub.
Like, damn, it looks good!
And all of a sudden, you know, I got a craving for a meatball sub.
This is the Pizza Hut menu in Japan as of June, and I want you to tell me if this sounds
tasty to you.
There's bacon mushroom, barbecue chicken, carbonara, which is bacon, egg spread, and
black pepper.
Without the egg spread, yes.
Cheese and cheese.
Sure.
Yes and yes.
Crab and shrimp mayo king, which is five shrimp, fake crab, corn, onion, broccoli, and mayonnaise.
I need the listeners to understand this.
I fucking hate mayonnaise.
Don't you ever give me anything with mayonnaise even remotely near it, because mayonnaise
will ruin anything for me.
I hate, hate, hate mayonnaise.
I hate warm mayonnaise, because warm mayonnaise, like mayonnaise on burgers, awful.
On sandwiches?
Okay.
Well, these are great.
Okay, the deluxe is pepperoni, salami, bacon, and green peppers, blah, blah, blah.
Yes, yes and yes.
Gomodari pork, I'd actually eat that.
It's a burdock root mix, sesame sauce, pork, shredded seaweed, and sesame sauce.
The Idaho special is diced potatoes, bacon, onions, corn, parsley, black pepper, and mayonnaise.
That sounds awesome, except for the mayonnaise part.
There's one called the mayo queue, if you can guess what that is.
It's barbecue with mayonnaise.
Meat paradise, pepperoni, salami, ham, pork, beef, and bacon.
Loki?
Does that sound good to you?
What?
I think we need to go to Japan.
When?
What was it?
It's called the meat paradise.
And?
It's pepperoni, salami, ham, pork, beef, and bacon.
That's just, that's just like, they have it already over here.
It's like the Monty's all meat marvel, and the...
Loki connoisseur of meat.
They used to have beef on their pizzas, but they don't do it anymore, because apparently
not that many people like beef, and it kind of went bad because no one ate it.
I want to have a pizza.
Here's a Sicilian style pizza with tuna mushrooms and meat sauce.
We could do a meat pizza, like a round table over here, because they have like multiple
varieties of like, you know, different pepperonis and different, you know, sausages, and they
have, I think they have chicken too, and ham, and God, we could just pile that shit up.
I remember someone that used to order like a quad sausage pizza.
That'd be four times the amount of sausage.
I kid you not, it was like a giant patty on top of the entire pizza.
It's like, what is wrong with you people?
Here, Rob, this one's for you.
Mochi mentai and potato.
Large shrimp diced potatoes, Korean mochi.
Corn, onion, mayonnaise, we'll ask for it without.
Shredded seaweed and fish roe sauce.
Mochi?
Or there's a seafood mix, which is large shrimp, squid, tuna, and mayonnaise, broccoli, and
onion.
Who puts, I want to know who puts corn on a pizza.
All the rest of it I could make, but corn is fucking disgusting.
I've seen it.
And then again, I'm also allergic to corn.
Better yet, who puts mayonnaise on a pizza?
I think they put mayonnaise on everything in Japan.
So I can't go to Japan.
Here we go, the last one on here.
I'd die of starvation.
Tartar chicken nanban, nanban chicken, red peppers, parsley, tartar sauce, and nanban
sauce.
As long as nanban doesn't mean like asshole juice, I'll be fine.
It's basically Portuguese style chicken.
Okay, that's fine.
Like what is that?
That could, when you're talking about a chicken, it could be anything.
All right, anyhow.
Some of this is just like, I would actually eat it though, because some of the stuff I'd
order something similar, and really the cheese and cheese is like a margarita, the margarita
pizza.
Oh yeah.
But I actually would order some of this stuff, because I have a CPK, but still.
Okay, I ordered- How did this turn into Orange Lounge Fudio,
going on like 15 minutes now?
Because, this is why I want them to deliver Japanese style pizza.
And poor Bobby got chased off the air for this?
Yes he did.
Nanban chicken?
Well, if he was talking about pizza, we would have been fine with that.
Note to Bobby, your show needs more meat.
All right.
You need meat paradise!
All right, stop picking on Bobby.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what else is going on in gaming news?
Well, there is this plumber named Mario who lives near a pizza place!
No, I'm kidding.
Basically it's something to be coming out for the virtual console in Japan is Super
Smash Brothers.
Like the Nintendo 64 one, dun dun dun.
It will be there in January.
So it's going to be out there for 1200 points, but there's no real say as to when we'll probably
get it out here or so, but that means we probably will be getting it since we tend to get some
of the stuff that, you know, if it was a release, Yawn and Hither, then it would definitely
be duplicated over here, I would think.
So there, Rob.
That sounds nice.
I guess I would download that.
What?
Meat paradise.
Looking at some comments in chat, Giovedea in chat says, I have had a taco pizza with
corn on it.
It was really tasty.
I was trying to, it's just pizza chat.
I didn't see anything about video games.
I think it should have scampi pizzas.
Except, oh, AcidicVampire asks a good question.
Will Super Smash Brothers 64 have online play?
You wish.
No.
You wish.
Did the Nintendo 64 version have online play?
But in Pokemon Snap, they added the feature where you can save the snaps to your Wii message
board.
So?
So it shows they can enhance the games if they really want to.
So?
And they don't want to.
It makes you wonder, doesn't it make you wonder if maybe Pokemon Snap at one point had some
type of feature to save those pictures in some type of more exportable format that they
just, like the game maybe originally was going to let you, I don't know, save them to some
type of computer or something, and now they turned it into this thing instead?
Because that's the only game that has had anything special happen to it.
When yet you would think a game like this, they would just try to add online play.
But try for us.
No.
They don't want to try because this is the same company that is releasing GameCube games
that you can now play on your Wii.
Oh, wait a second!
You can still play those GameCube games on your Wii already!
It just doesn't have stupid motion controls.
And guess what?
They're cheaper.
Chat dot orange launch radio dot com if you want to chat with us.
Aha!
That's exactly the type of thing I was looking for.
Game Guru in chat.
See, this is why I love having a live chat room.
Because Pokemon Snap had a feature to download them to Blockbuster and print them out.
So it's not, they didn't even really, really enhance it that much.
They took a feature that everybody forgot about, including yours truly, and just changed
it slightly.
It's an altered enhancement.
Wasn't that a Sega Genesis game?
Alright, forget it.
How about some release dates, Loki?
Altered enhancement?
Well, um, yeah.
There's, uh, nothing coming out.
At all.
Nothing?
Not a damn thing?
Not a damn thing.
Alright.
Wow.
I mean, I had this, uh, not a good time of year for, um, you know, most companies are
closed and, yeah, not a thing.
Not even, like, Imagine?
No, uh, the Spore, the Spore comic book creator, I think, was the only thing, and that's not
even technically a game, so.
Well, I wish I could tell you it looked much different in Japan, but it actually does not
look like we have a lot of releases this week either in Japan.
Um, looking very quickly to see, even if there's anything on Wii, no, it's going to be a very
slow month in Japan.
There's very few games coming out even in the first couple weeks of January over in
Japan.
Um, no, the DS, geez, even the DS titles don't start rolling in until the 15th, but hey,
you could pre-order The Happening, which comes out on January 9th on the Sony PSP, but otherwise
there is absolutely nothing coming out in Japan this week.
Well.
How about the UK?
I can't really say that there's a whole bunch coming out in the UK, because, um, first of
all, my list isn't showing 2009, so that's, uh, actually kind of disturbing.
We'll just assume nothing of notice coming out there as well.
Some stuff.
Yeah, really, not a lot.
Well, so much for release dates.
Wah wah, you lose.
Rob.
What?
We've had a call for more pizza.
More pizza?
I can't, I can't even think about more pizza.
I already ate.
Didn't they have, like, a peanut butter and jelly pizza or something, that John's Incredible
Crappy Pizza?
Um, I don't think so.
I don't, well, they might.
I don't know.
I just know, I remember the ones that are, like, different and crazy are the macaroni
and cheese pizza and the, uh,
Are very awful.
That peanut butter one that had the actual peanuts on it, which I thought was strange.
That was actually pretty good, but it was spicy.
Yeah, it was very spicy.
So, I, I, I do have to, though, share a little bit of, um, what, um, is on menus in Japan
for, um, McDonald's.
Alright, why not, since we didn't have release dates?
Let's go back to food.
Filet of shrimp.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um, then there's the Mega Mac, which, imagine a Big Mac with two more patties.
Yum.
And then, um, there's an Ebi, that's, that's the same one, that's the shrimp.
And then the Thousand, the Shrimp Thousand Island Wrap.
You know when I go to, uh, Hawaii in two weeks, you know what I have to get?
Hmm?
A McDonald's?
What?
Spamburger.
Oh my God, aren't those good?
I like Spam musubi.
And the, uh, teriyaki pineapple thingy.
They do, right?
And, um, they also have McPork and, um, the teriyaki McBurger.
So there's more food from around the world.
We do have gaming news at some point, right?
Yes, we do.
I'm looking at Burger King.
Um, yes.
Like the merger of Spam and Shrimp and hamburgers, um, we have yet another game company merger
about to happen with Tecmo and Koei.
They have plans to, um, I guess merge in about two months.
And, um, you know, I guess after rejecting Square Enix's, uh, attempt to take over Tecmo,
they've decided to merge with Koei to release the most ultimate booby bouncing action game
ever set in Fuel Japan, because that's the only thing I could see possibly coming from
this sort of merger.
Booby pizza?
But apparently, um, that they've announced, um, oh, this is actually very old news apparently
and I don't understand how this slipped in.
My bad.
Apparently this already happened, like, a long time ago.
I don't know how this guy makes it in there.
It's not the news.
It's the old.
It is really old.
So I'm like, look at this, it's all, has announced on September 17th, I'm like, what
the fuck?
And it's all September 18th.
You know when I was putting this together tonight, I was kind of like, I thought that
already happened, but I didn't really, you know, I was just so annoyed.
My bad.
But that's weird, though.
Okay, just wait until you say, and see, we were just recapping what happened this year.
Yes, we're totally recapping.
Fuck this shit.
You know what?
I don't care if they merger, because you know what, they're still going to put out fucking
Dynasty Warriors games out the ass.
By the way, Dynasty Warriors, Six Empires comes out February.
You know what?
Fuck the show.
Let's go get pizza.
Really?
The sad thing is, I'm half serious.
If there was a way we could somehow, like, just take the camera and go out on the road
and take it with us to get pizza, I would totally do it.
I would say yes.
I would say, the hell with the show, pizza.
Anyway, sorry.
We can't do that, Rob.
We love our people.
I know, we do love our people.
Whatever, I give up, you know.
I don't know how I went back that far.
All right, well look, I have something that I promise is current, because just in time
for the holidays, Konami sued someone.
That's right.
Konami loves to sue people over music games, and this week, who did Konami sue?
Pentavision, the makers of DJ Max.
That's right.
They have claimed patent infringement, Konami has, and intellectual property rights infringement.
This was Konami of Korea that actually did it, because they're, you know, filing this
lawsuit against a Korean company.
They filed it in the Seoul Central District Court in Korea.
They want to get damages.
They want to stop Pentavision from selling the offending products, quote unquote, which
of course has unleashed the outcries of not fair, unfair, Konami sues everybody and everything,
and Konami, you suck, and da da da da da, and all this stuff, but I don't know.
How do you guys feel about this?
I mean, I don't know how many of you have played DJ Max.
I've definitely seen the game played.
I have a friend who's obsessed with it, and made it a point to show me, you know, DJ Max,
and wanted to show me what the game was all about, and, you know, I did look at it and
go, wow, this really looks like Beatmania.
I mean, granted, I realize it's played with buttons, it's not exactly the same, but the
look and feel was kind of the same, I'm sorry to say, you know, but I don't know.
Do the people that say, hey, Konami just sues everything, is there a point here, what?
What do you guys think?
I'm really not surprised in the least, so I'm just going to roll my eyes and go next.
I am surprised because I thought, you know, and I could be very wrong about this, but
I thought that Pentavision, actually the company that makes DJ Max, came out of the company
that made EZ2DJ, since most of the artists in DJ Max are from EZ2DJ.
I would find that as a very big coincidence if that was not the case, but I would figure
that it's more of a ripoff of EZ2DJ, and who cares?
To be honest, I thought EZ2DJ was better than Beatmania anyways, so, whatever, and they're
going to go ahead and sue them, probably because they're planning on making some crappy music
game for the PSP or something, because, you know, Konami's on the latest and greatest
trends for music games.
Oh wait, no, they're not anymore.
They're way behind everything.
So Hanukkah Harry in chat says, is all a trap set up by Konami.
By not releasing quality versions of Guitar Freak, Strummania, and Beatmania in the US,
they are setting up other companies to come out with copies of them.
Konami then sues them and gets a piece of the action without lifting a finger, except
to call their lawyers.
You know, as much as that makes sense, I don't think that's it.
I don't think Konami in their minds thinks they're not doing a good enough job.
I think Konami thinks Rock Revolution is a quality product.
I think there are people at Konami, probably Konami Japan, that think that that is what
people want.
The Guitar Hero and Rock Band are the sub-par games.
Rock Revolution is a wonderful game, and these other games are infringing on the rightful
heir to the music game throne, which is Rock Revolution.
The problem now is that they wanted to make a music game, and they're worried about fridging
on other people's patents, and now, unfortunately, since they came out with a drum that's totally
different than what Drummania had, the best thing they could do is come out with what
they did for Drummania, basically, and bring it over here.
And at the time, it was kind of neat as a drum game, but things have gotten a lot better
since then, and they can't come out with something that looks similar because they will get sued
by the other companies, and there'll be kind of a 180 for them.
Hanaka Harry wants to clarify, he was mostly joking with the comment, but I have seen that
comment for real reals and different threads around the internet about this.
And if you think I'm wrong in what I'm saying about that Konami of Japan is seriously disillusioned
to their fan base, all you need to do is look at Beat and Groovy and Rock Revolution, because
these are the products Konami is continuing to put out.
Yeah, but see, I think in Japan, though, they're actually putting out some good games over
there.
Like, if you look, for example, at the new Dance Dance Revolution, what would be the
equivalent of Hoz Party 2 over there on the Wii, it's actually a lot better than it is
over here.
Like, they have different types of music and stuff like that, which obviously applies to
more of the people that play the Wii over there.
And then you also have Juby and stuff like that, which look pretty good.
But I don't know, I don't think necessarily, I think they don't really know what their
audience is anymore, and that's pretty sad.
But at the same time, they can't honestly look at Rock Revolution as a success, because
it's not.
I mean, look at how fast that thing price dropped.
Look at the sales for it, I mean, I think they speak for themselves.
It was a waste of effort on their part, and it wasn't much of an effort to begin with,
so you get what you put into it, I guess.
Here's my thought, and tell me if I'm off-base with this one, but I believe that if you're
pissed off about this, whether you're a fan of DJ Max, or a fan of music games who is
getting a little frustrated at Konami's putting out sub-par music games and then trying to
take out these other guys, I think now's the time for you to take five minutes of your
life to sit down and write an angry letter.
And I don't mean an unprofessional letter, I mean an angry, concerned, person who spends
money on Konami, letter.
And I think you need to send them a letter and tell them exactly what you think.
And don't use profanity, don't use words that you wouldn't say in front of your mother,
but you need to tell them that you know what, that you find it's very wrong, that they would
continue to sue these companies over-enteringing on the products when they are not putting
out Beat Media games in the US, and that you really want to see, if they're going to stop
these other products from coming out, that you want to see a new Beat Media game be released
in the US.
But here's the problem.
What?
They're suing them in Korea because these games are coming out in Korea.
It's not anything to do with the US version.
People are just figuring that because of that...
Wait, wait, wait, but you don't think the US version had nothing to do with this?
Yes, I don't.
I think you're wrong.
Because these Korean versions have been out for a while now, but isn't it funny?
When did they sue the people that made In the Groove when the home version was announced?
When are they suing the people that made the Penn Division thing when the US DJ Max was
on its way out?
There's a correlation there.
I'm convinced that...
I understand this is all going down in Korean court of law, but it's still an international
company who has much bigger interests in the US and Japan.
So I don't know.
Dark Sakura, sometimes you like to give your input on these types of protests and business
stories.
What do you think would be the best thing for a person to do who's ticked off?
Honestly, it's going to be send in your letters.
Buy stock.
Shit.
What did we say before?
Buy stock in the company, then you have a right to be heard as a shareholder.
But don't post an angry thing on the internet.
Post petition online, because you know what that's going to do?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
The only type of petition that's going to have any real swing is if you get your signatures,
make a copy, and send it to Konami.
Because then the people that are advocating for you at Konami, of which there have been
some, look at Jason Enos.
Would you have ever had DDR in the US without him?
Don't think so.
The people that are advocating for you there have something to take back to Japan and say,
look, you are out of touch.
Just saying.
Anyhow, more gaming news, things going on in the gaming world.
Dark Sakura?
Let me see.
Oh, just a little game that a few people were playing and then it went, um, started going
poop.
Tabula Rasa.
So NCSoft is saying that Tabula Rasa is free to play and will be free to play until the
28th of February, 2009, when they take down the servers.
So you can actually get a serial code from the support website and download the client
and you can play.
So it will ask you for your credit card number, but they're not going to charge you for shit.
So enjoy it while it lasts.
That's just weird that they want your credit card number even though they're not actually
going to charge you.
Doesn't that seem a little weird?
I think it's just because it's how the site's set up to do.
I guess.
But I bet there's a lot of people to get a little, maybe, maybe they want to make sure
that they are like actual people and not like spam bots or something.
Maybe.
I don't know.
That makes sense, but I don't see why they would care.
Yeah, true.
I mean, then again, it is their, their bandwidth.
So true.
Maybe it's a way to kind of like, even though it's free, it's like squelched a little bit
so that only people who really want to do it, do it.
I don't know.
It could possibly be.
Who knows?
I mean, hey, free.
Anybody here think they might check it out?
No.
Nope.
I might.
I might.
I feel like I want to know what I'm missing.
But it's kind of weird that they're doing this because what if suddenly people find
that they really like this game?
Well then that gives them incentive to put it back to P2P.
I guess.
We'll see.
Moving on.
Well, another virtual world that's doing pretty well right now is Home, and apparently they've
had quite a boost for pay-for-content sales.
And yes, unfortunately I did contribute a little bit to that.
I'm so glad you said it so I didn't have to.
Hey, it's just a little bit okay.
But I guess during, in the first four days of the open beta, Home produced more money
for Sony than the video download service did in its first week.
I'm not surprised.
And I guess the biggest sellers are the ridiculously priced Santa outfits.
Huh.
Oops.
And yeah, they basically said it's a classic 80-20 model.
20% of your consumers create 80% of your income, but there is a lot of stuff that you can purchase
in it.
I mean, they're going to be adding more to it.
Honestly, other than purchasing that Santa outfit, I don't think I'm going to be buying
anything else on this.
And to be honest, I don't think I'm going to be wasting much time on Home anyways unless
they really do something that's worthwhile.
Because I tried playing one of the...
Make your trophy room.
Not even the trophy room.
I mean, I tried playing one of the little UFO shooter games or something that was in
there, and the whole thing crashed.
Which was awesome.
Nice.
So I'm like, nope, I'm not wasting my time on this.
The Ecochrome one's not bad.
Is it just the Ecochrome demo, or?
Um, kinda.
It's like a little Ecochrome minigame.
It's worth checking out.
You know what's interesting though?
They don't say, like, what was available on the store in the first week in the video store.
Like maybe it's making not a fair comparison here, because maybe the video store had very
slim pickings the first week.
So it was like all old stuff.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't remember, because I didn't have a PS3 back then.
I don't remember.
I didn't use the video service, so I don't know.
Some people are excited about Home though.
We have Trishlicious in chat says, uh, gotta save some cash and get a PS3 for Home.
I want to make content.
Uh, AcidicVampire says, there are Ecochrome cults in Home.
Seriously.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Ecochrome's kinda neat.
It's different.
Very different kind of game.
Also talking about something else with Home, talking about some of the words that have
been censored in Home, apparently it actually got picked up by the San Francisco Chronicle.
The San Francisco Chronicle is writing a story about PlayStation Home, and it's kind of what
makes it notable, because it was focusing the article on this gentleman, Michael Marsh,
and he was actually trying to set up a gay straight alliance club in Home.
He's a straight guy who's a supporter of gay rights.
However, he found that the words gay and bisexual were not allowed in Sony's virtual world.
Meaning that there were a lot of kind of words to be discovered that were not able to be
used in Home, including hell, Christ, Jew, which by the way means all derivatives of
those words cannot be used either.
So you cannot say, hello, because it has hell in it.
I'm not lying.
And the San Francisco Chronicle ran a quote from this guy who was trying to set up the
club, who I think sums up the way a lot of people are thinking, quote, I can understand
that they're filtering out profanity, but it feels like it's discrimination.
By blocking a word like gay, which is a preferred term by the gay community, you're encouraging
it as a bad word.
A city vampire in chat says gay is allowed now, so who knows, maybe Sony made a hot fix
because of this news.
Why don't people just get over it?
The end.
Get over it.
My whole thing is that, you know, and somebody had posted this in a showreel thread saying
this is probably a story that would piss me off.
It kind of doesn't.
I think it's more silly than anything else.
It makes me think back on like, remember Phantasy Star Online?
Like there were a bunch of words that you couldn't say because they had other words
in them.
Like I can't remember what some of the words were, but there were like normal everyday
words you could say.
Saturday because you can't say turd.
Yeah, you can't say Saturday and things like that.
It just reminds me of this.
It's the same thing.
Honestly, I don't know, it's not that big a deal to me.
At least it's consistent.
I don't know.
But here's my thing.
I don't think they should censor words at all.
I think that people, because people will get around it.
Exactly.
Like Tiger Claw says they can spell it as H3LLO.
How about this?
Have an option where you can turn it on or off.
Oh my god!
Look at that!
You can censor stuff or you can, you know, not censor stuff and maybe you can even have
parental controls because everybody likes parental controls.
Why can't services like this...
Okay, here's my suggestion.
Services like this should have a button.
If I press that button on a user, then it should send the last 20 things that user has
said to Sony so Sony can review it and decide if this person should be allowed to be in
home anymore or not.
If I'm abusing this, then I should have the button taken away from me.
How hard is this?
How hard would this system be?
And then I think you should be able to say fucking shit and cock and gay and fag and
all that stuff as much as you want.
You can say any of it, just as long as you're, you know, not saying it to children or people
that are, you know, are not your friends and should not be hearing it.
Does that make sense?
Or in your own little room apartment thing.
Yeah.
That's a little weird.
Frisbee says don't spend the money on home or Second Life.
Spend it on real life.
Well, home is free, to be fair, but I don't know.
I, you know, for me it was, I think, I can't remember how many pieces it took to make this
Santa outfit, but it was like $2.50 and yeah, that's probably $2.50 more than I should have
spent it on home, you know, but it's $2.50 and I was like, whatever, you know, I buy
these stupid $5, $10 games from live and who cares?
It's $2.50.
SSJ100 Matt says in chat, asshole juice?
Definitely banned.
Definitely banned.
GS68 says sophomore would be banned.
It has homo in it, S-O-P-H-O-M-O-R-E.
Probably another word that's banned in home.
I don't know.
You know, at least, at least it's consistent, but I don't know.
Just I think this is a case of a few bad apples ruined the barrel for everyone and there's
people that don't know how to use these words in proper context and because of these assholes,
the rest of us have to pay the price of this hypersensitivity and hair trigger of which
we've seen Sony use before.
So, to these people who are just abusing with, you know, free speech and what is given to
them, we dedicate the FUs of the week to you.
FU to Dalmore for being in Korea.
I want to order eyeballs and wigs from that site and they're in Korea, so $20 pair of
eyes, cost me $45 after EMS shipping, it's like a bunch of dad.
Loki!
FU to my need to buy yet another airsoft gun because I, you know, I bought a shotgun actually
that's pretty cool.
I thought it shot three rounds at once, but it doesn't, which is disappointing, but you
can fire it pretty fast, which is cool.
But I have this urge to have another AEG gun, and I really shouldn't buy another one.
Arcade EM42, do you have any FUs of the week?
FUs of the never-ending clutter in my apartment, which I never get around to.
Hopefully I'll get the time off I have this week from one of my jobs is off, so get something
every day, hopefully.
I can actually clean the damn thing.
You know, I think some of your clutter spilled over into the garage here somehow, I think
you might have.
I would like to say a big FU to the year 2008.
Good riddance.
I hate you.
Goodbye.
You are the weakest link.
That's it.
Let's get back into some gaming news now that we've gotten that angst off our chest.
Do you feel better, Rob?
Much.
Well, how about Braid?
I like to braid my hair now that it's long enough.
Haha.
Haha.
But seriously, Braid, the game that came out for Xbox Live Arcade, is going to be out on
the PC between February and March 2009.
So they don't know if it's, they actually are also thinking that there's going to be
a Mac version 2, which would be cool, and no word yet if there's going to be a version
for PS3.
All right.
Hm.
Hm.
Speaking of PS3.
So there's games on the Mac, huh?
A few.
Speaking of the PS3, Penny Arcade Adventures Episode 2 is just released, and there is a
problem with the game, unfortunately, that apparently a bunch of users are reporting
that there is a glitch that renders their save files completely useless.
Selecting a corrupted save file will freeze the gamers on a permanent loading screen.
And apparently this is a, you know, something that's going to be patched soon, however,
because of the holidays, Sony's QA department is taking a little break.
So that means that the patch will not be available until after the new year, sometime in January.
That sucks.
Huh.
This seems like the type of thing that Penny Arcade would have done a comic about.
Is it just me?
But somehow I don't think there will actually be one.
Hey, speaking of patches, this has been a long awaited one.
Castle Crashers apparently is finally getting its patch.
That's only about four months late.
The patch, I believe, went up this week.
I think it actually was scheduled to go up on Christmas Day.
No, Christmas Eve.
I think it went up finally.
So hey, you should go back and play some Castle Crashers, because now you can online anyway.
So there you go.
Apparently some extra things were thrown in as well, though, not just some fixes to the
game, but apparently I think they did some other little, like, new things, like weapons
and stuff like that, and two new characters.
The king is one of them, and so on.
And a chainsaw?
Do I see a chainsaw?
Yes, there is a new weapon, the chainsaw.
Sweet!
There you go.
I'll have to play that now.
So check that out if you, that's one of those titles I didn't pay money for, because everybody
told me you really couldn't play it online.
But maybe I'll go back and check it out now.
But I still think, my gut tells me they'll put it on sale in three months' time, so I
don't know, I might try to hold out.
Game guru in chat says, Castle Crashers?
What's that?
Who cares about that anymore?
A Twitch acidic vampire says, I like Castle Crashers.
Cry.
Anyway, let's move on.
Moving forward...
Oh, I'm sorry, I completely blanked.
How about the Gizmondo?
Do we remember this thing?
How about it?
Well, they are, once again, rescheduling the launch of the Gizmondo.
They haven't given up.
The quote says it's due to the economic climate in the US, as well as the rest of the world.
Maybe it might have something to do with your product being crap.
At any rate, they were deciding to turn the Gizmondo into a smartphone with a 3D graphics
chip and an open platform.
So basically, they're just trying to make another gaming taco.
But open platform?
Yeah, they actually wanted to have an open source app store for the Apple store compatibility.
Oh, now that's kind of nice.
I like that.
I like open.
And they wanted to make the price point $99.
So maybe...
Still wouldn't buy it.
You know what?
I bet you anything that Duke Nukem Forever will be on it.
You know what's funny, though, is that it's funny they want to go that route, but I probably
wouldn't buy one just because of the fact that I have an iPhone, and so I can have the
open stuff already.
I can get almost anything on my iPhone.
They're going to have to show me something I can get on their system that I cannot get
on my phone.
Lots of delays and revisions before the product's even released.
That's what you can get with the Gizmondo.
You know, I've got to say, though, I know you're not a big fan of the iPhones, Loki,
but I've got to say, it is pretty impressive that I can have movies that I like and music
and games and apps on my phone in my pocket everywhere I go.
And you get a wonderful data plan that goes along with that that's really expensive.
Congratulations.
It's worth it, honestly.
It's not worth it.
One thing people forget, in my opinion, it's worth it.
And well, like with my iPhone, for me and Dan, our overall cost went up by $10 only
once we, you know, adjusted some stuff we were being overcharged for before, but still,
I like it.
I got katamari now.
Uh, GS68 says, I have an iPod touch, thereby bypassing the phone plan thingy.
Rama says, yeah, but Sky, my phone, does the same thing, and I don't have to pay an extra
fee for it.
There you go.
Diverse opinions.
No thanks, I will never own an Apple product.
Never ever.
I don't care if Nintendo had a fucking orgy with Apple and their next product is like
super awesome virtual reality that pleasures me, I will not buy this fucking system if
it's Apple.
I'm sorry.
I will never ever own anything.
If they make a pacemaker that's the only pacemaker on the face of the planet that will save my
life, I will say let me die before I even take that thing.
Seriously.
Never ever will I fall victim to them.
Please somebody record this part of the show just in case, because you know there's going
to be that day where Apple puts out bacon or something that Loki is going to have it,
and we all have to remind him of this moment and say, told you so.
Alright, anyways, apparently there is a new guitar here coming out.
Shock!
Is there a guitar hero?
Really?
That they would do that?
Well this one's on the DS, yes I know, it's surprising, you know, what, three releases
in a matter of months?
But there is a new DS game coming out, it was actually found out through a description
on the ESRB website, yes, Guitar Hero Modern Hits will be coming out and they've already
figured out what three of the songs are going to be based on, this short description that
was talking about, you know, possible offensive lyrics, well the three songs that are pretty
much confirmed to be in the game, Sum 41's Still Waiting, Franz Ferdinand's The Fallen,
and Paralyzer by Finger Eleven, and no word on when Modern Hits will be out, but you can
better believe that there will be a ton more releases next year for Guitar Hero, both on
the DS and probably on the rest of it.
Is the DSi going to screw this all up, because, you know, it's going to be a different system,
so will that expansion thing have problems or what?
Here's the way I look at it, I don't think so because there's so many million DS systems
out there already that, you know, big deal, there just will not be another version, or
it will just not be compatible with, you know, the DSi.
You think there will be several versions, or what?
Well I just don't think that they'll put out a version for the DSi, or maybe the DSi gets
drums or something stupid like that, I mean, honestly, they could maybe make a new peripheral
for the DSi that would plug into the SD card slot, just a thought, you know, maybe a DSi
only version or something like that.
I don't think it's going to be an issue though, because like I said, there's so many systems
out there right now for the DS.
I'm actually kind of surprised that they're even releasing the DSi anytime soon in the
US, because they're still selling tons and tons and tons of DSes, I mean, I would wait
until it slows down before they release the DSi, and I think that they are going to probably
release the DSi soon, just to try to get people to buy another DS, just like they did with
the Game Boy Advance.
Never forget how many times you bought the Game Boy Advance, or the Game Boy.
How many times did they release it?
You know, Game Boy Color, Game Boy Pocket, Game Boy Player, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy
HD.
Alright, we get it, we get it.
Yeah.
Alright, hey, another lawsuit going on in the Nintendo world, and it's Nintendo's getting
sued over their DS Lite Charger, and it's because of a fire that happened in January
of 2007 in Kentucky.
Apparently the victims were compensated by the insurance company, as usually happens
those types of things.
The insurance company, though, filed a complaint against Nintendo now in the US District Court,
saying quote, the DS was defective in design, manufacture, and or because it failed to warn
consumers of dangers associated with it.
Due to defects existing within the product, which caused a risk of overheating and fire,
the product was recalled by Nintendo.
So what makes this notable, in my opinion, is that you can't blame this on some crazy
asshole, but now it's some crazy asshole's insurance company, no I'm just teasing, but
you know, it's an insurance company suing Nintendo now.
What do you guys think, hearing that this is coming from an actual other company, and
this is Liberty Mutual, it's not some little podunk insurance company, is suing Nintendo
over the charger.
Do you think it's going to be a valid thing, do you think people are too sue happy?
Any thoughts?
I think that they forgot how hot the DS really is.
So hot that it catches fire.
Well, if it's a liability issue, and they haven't put in any type of significant warning
that is negligence on the part of Nintendo, so yeah, it's a legitimate suit.
I don't see any problem with it.
Alright.
Let's see, GS68 in chat says, I think everybody is trying to kill Nintendo with lawsuit-y
death.
You know who should sue Nintendo?
Kami.
Then the circle will be complete.
It's the circle of lawsuits.
Forget it.
Hey, every week here on Orange Launch Radio, we like to highlight a game from the past.
We like to kind of dig into the archives of gaming history and choose one game to highlight
here on the program as the classic video game of the week.
So let's travel through the halls of gaming history with Dark Soccer right now and hold
her hand as she guides us to a game that you all should be checking out immediately.
Rob put me to sleep with his...
Shut up.
Read the game.
The game is Sonic Adventure.
And I picked the best music ever.
We want music, Rob.
It's going to take a minute.
Better not.
We just have to play some of this.
The, what is it, Speed Highway?
Yep.
Yep.
I had to pick the Speed Highway music because that's honestly so much my favorite level
of the game except for playing as Knuckles and then I like going through the Red Mountain
with Knuckles.
But anyways, Sonic Adventure, this is the game that made me buy my, that made me import
my Dreamcast because I wanted to play this that badly.
And so it came out actually on December 23rd, 1998 in Japan.
And it was the first game in the Sonic Adventure series.
It actually came out in America, the very final version, as Sonic Adventure International
on September 9th, 1999 which was of course the Dreamcast launch date in America.
I was in line, on September 14th, 1999 it came out in Europe and a little bit later
that in Belgium and December 3rd in Australia.
I just had to say that because I wanted to mention Belgium and Luxembourg.
So moving forward, this is, I'm not going to say that it's the first Sonic game in 3D
because, do you remember Sonic Jam?
Was that the one on the Genesis?
No, Sonic Jam was the Saturn release of all the Genesis and Game Gear and whatever versions.
Oh right.
And it had a middle level that was all 3D, it had different missions and stuff.
There's also Sonic 3D Blast was another one.
And the bonus stages were?
They were, they were in, yeah I guess they were in 3D-ish, weren't they?
Sonic 2's bonus stage was 3D.
Yeah, they went to a 3D box.
At any rate, you've got, you basically have your set levels and you play through certain
characters.
Of course you've got Sonic, who is the main guy.
You have Miles Tails Prower, which I think is cool.
You've got Knuckles the Echidna, and I really, really, really, really would only ever play
this game in Japanese because one of my favorite voice actors was Knuckles' voice actor, the
video I never watched, Shubushi Yuki, was possibly, and he was really cool.
He also was the boss, so it was like, I knew that voice!
There's also Amy Rose, who beats shit with a hammer.
There's Big the Cat, who fishes, and oh my god, I got turned into a fishy fishy fishy.
There's E-102 Gamma, which is the robot, and you can play as Super Sonic once you've finished
the game.
And of course he's all gone all super sci-aging or whatever.
You've also got Eggman for your bad guys, Chaos, who is a very weird little chao.
You've got Tikal, who is another chicken kid who keeps showing up, Zero, which is another
robot, and the little...
I'm saying chao because I played it in Japanese first, so that's how they said it.
But they're so cool, because who remembers the VMU, right?
You can actually download a virtual pet, the A-Life system, and you can play chao adventure
on your VMU.
For people who played this on the GameCube, you would actually play it on your Game Boy
Advance.
And so you can raise your stats, and you actually can go into your little chao house level or
whatever and play with them and see what they look like and feed them coconuts and do all
kinds of bizarre crap with them.
Some of the other robots are in Gamma's story, which are the E-series robots.
Also Knights is in the game.
Knights is, if you're going into the Casinopolis stage, there's actually a pinball area that's
based on knights, and when you go through the little special tunnel, you're flying through
a knights level, which is pretty cool.
So it's basically...
There's some, I guess, degree of RPG element to it, in fact it's just that it really has
an in-depth story, and you find different things to advance your plot, and you just
keep moving through it, but you've got your action stages and you've got your adventure
levels, which is where I'm saying the RPG part of it comes into.
And actually, for anyone who didn't know, the working title of this was Sonic RPG, and
they were pretty good together.
It's really fun, it's got a fantastic story to it, we actually, when we used our VCR,
recorded a lot of playing.
And actually, this game received a 38 out of 40 from Famitsu, and it's really, I don't
think that they've been able to touch this since this one came out.
Sonic Avenger 2 was okay, but this one just had everything, I mean from the sound effects
when you get your bubbles or your shoes, and the ending music being the same when you step
on the platform, being the ones that you release your little forest buddies out of, you know?
It's just really, really awesome.
See?
That music?
You know, all of your, it's just got the feel, you know, when you break open the robot creatures
and little animals pop out of them, like in, you know, the old ones, it just had all those
touches to it, it was fantastic.
So Sonic Adventure is definitely, definitely the game to get.
Looks like fun.
I think I played it once, and it moved very fast.
It's hard to follow for me, but I'm going to give it another go.
Another thing though, for people who actually like to get different collections, Sonic Adventure
DX Director's Cut is an enhanced version of it, and it has a mini-game collection where
you actually can get 12 different Game Gear games.
So you get Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic Drift, Sonic Chaos, Sonic Labyrinth, Sonic the Hedgehog
2, Sonic Spinball, Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine, which is another version of Puyo
Puyo, Sonic Triple Trouble, Sonic Drift 2, Tails Sky Patrol, Sonic Blast, and Tails the
Enter.
Done.
Get it?
All right, check it out, Sonic Adventure on the Dreamcast, and didn't they remake this
game, put it out again, like on the GameCube or something?
That's what I was saying.
Oh yeah.
Talking about the GameCube version.
There you go.
Okay, there you have it, your classic game of the week, and we'll have another one next
week for you guys.
In the meantime, we're going to take a break, and when we come back, we have a little bit
of news in Part B, but mostly you guys.
We're going to be doing the mailbag and some quick calls tonight, and we also want you
guys to do this during tonight's break.
We're going to be putting together the Orange Lounge Radio Top 3 Games of 2008.
So if you want to participate, all you need to do is send in your votes right now, your
top 1, 2, and 3 game of 2008 using any criteria you want, and I'll compile it all together
during the break, and we'll have ourselves a list that myself, DarkSakura, Loki, and
maybe Brad, even though he said he didn't play anything this year, maybe we can get
him to think of three games, and we're going to do that, as well as a list list later tonight.
So go ahead and send me those games, and we'll tally it up.
Make sure you label it, though, 1, 2, and 3, and don't send me other private messages
because they'll get lost amongst the other tabulation.
So we'll do that, and we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this December 28th of 2008 for the
307th episode of our show, the last show of 2008.
As we get ready to move into 2009, if you can believe it, our seventh year of broadcasting.
I almost said podcasting, but that's not true because we didn't start podcasting until,
well, podcasting was actually around.
So anyhow, we got more news to get into, just a little bit, but then we're going to get
into some year-end wrap-ups and talk about our favorite games of 2008, as well as the
biggest stories of the year.
Lots and lots to talk about.
Let's kick it off with a little bit more news from this week, though.
It was a surprisingly busy week, considering it was a holiday and everything, but stuff
going on, right, Loki?
Yes.
According to CNET, it looks like Microsoft is wanting to add to the user experience and
design for the Zune group, and they're going to focus now on the Zune user interface, a
Zune PC application used to access the Zune Marketplace, and the Zune Xbox application.
What exactly is this application?
Who knows?
We've already seen a couple things being demonstrated before in the past.
Live Anywhere comes to mind.
Perhaps that's going to be integrated into the Zune.
Maybe you'll get to see when your friends are online, whether they're playing that kind
of stuff.
Possibly even XNA games, because I know that was something that was shown off.
I'm not sure if that's been implemented yet.
That would be pretty awesome.
So some of those.
Very interesting, and who knows?
I wouldn't doubt seeing that there may be a music download service coming at some point.
Since they do have the Zune Marketplace and it does happen to take Microsoft points, why
not integrate that into Xbox Live and maybe allow users to be able to, say, sync the music
that they have on their Zune with their 360, vice versa, because it's all tied with your
Zune ID.
That might be kind of cool, especially for custom soundtracks and games and all that
stuff.
Might be interesting.
Very interesting.
Also interesting, this collaboration we're hearing about, it's a rumor.
Take this with a heavy grain of salt right now.
But remember the game Deus Ex?
Remember that game?
Yeah.
That was, what, they had like two games, maybe, no, I think there were two games in that series.
I think I remember checking it out on GameTab a long, long, long time ago.
The whole series was designed by this guy, Warren Spector.
It's very interesting, he said at one point, I guess, what, way back in like June 2007
that he was working on a new project and folks would tell him that he is sold out, at least
that's what hardcore gamers would say, that he's sold out.
Apparently what this guy is working on, and this is from, I guess, some type of tipster
to the website Gamasutra, the project title that is being worked on right now is Epic
Mickey.
Apparently this game has a distinctly shadowed steampunk vibe.
Now however, I don't, this is the part I don't understand, is that they are saying that maybe
it's talking about Mickey as in Mickey Mouse?
But I don't think so.
I think it's just saying the title of the project is Epic Mickey.
I think some of these other websites are jumping to conclusions and that it is actually Mickey
Mouse.
Although I guess if you put it all together, I've sold out and the project is Epic Mickey.
Could it be that there is some type of Epic Mickey Mouse game being made?
Maybe it's Epic Fail.
Or Epic Mickey Rourke.
My thought is though, isn't Epic Mickey Kingdom Hearts?
I mean, what could this guy be doing that is different than that?
Does that make sense?
I don't know.
But apparently it goes all the way back to referencing something that, you know, the
rumor guy on Electronic Gaming Monthly had said that apparently it actually ties into
that Specter is working on, in fact, a Disney product.
So that's what kind of all, where it all ties together.
Very interesting.
And that apparently it could be actually a game where Mickey does battle with Mario.
Isn't that weird?
That would be stupid.
That sounds like a fanboy, something they wrote out on paper.
I don't know.
Mickey is never going to do battle with Mario.
Well again, how is that really different from Kingdom Hearts?
Does that make sense?
Yeah, but what if, say, yeah, I don't know.
Maybe they're getting greedy and they just want, you know, their own Kingdom Hearts where
they get all the profits.
GSCCA says Mushroom Kingdom Hearts?
It's a nice thought.
I mean, like, maybe it's a Nintendo Wii game.
I mean, you want to talk about selling out?
This guy's making a game that involves Mickey and Mario on the Nintendo Wii.
Oh my god, could they do a Mario RPG too?
Now we're talking.
Now we're talking.
But they can't do it without Square Enix, sorry, because that would be epic fail.
Well maybe it will be for the Nintendo Wii what Sony has for Kingdom Hearts, if that
makes sense.
I don't know.
It could be interesting.
Could be interesting.
But I think there's a lot of in-between-the-line reading going on in this particular story.
So I think we ought to just wait until this guy decides to tell us what he's working on.
Could be.
Alright.
Game Guru in chat says Mario and Mickey at the Olympic Games?
Could be, could be.
Hey, we want to take a moment here to look back on the year 2008 and our favorite games
of the year 2008, and we've actually kind of combined it, or we'll be combining it here
with votes that you submitted during the break here live in our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com.
We've closed the polls there.
And now we're going to add to it our favorite games of 2008, using any criteria we want.
That's why we don't like to say the top games of 2008.
No, they're our favorite games of 2008, using any criteria we want.
So if we want to put some game you think is crappy on there, too bad.
It's our favorite games of 2008, and then I'll let you know what collectively is in
all our listenership we came up with.
Dark Sakura, what was your number three favorite- how appropriate this music comes on, just
the right time.
What would you say was your number three favorite video game in the year 2008?
Rock Band 2.
Rock Band 2.
Any particular reason why?
Do I need to name them all?
Really?
It's just such a massive library.
Having the different instruments and everything, even on top of that, you could import your
list from the first Guitar Hero and it would all work.
You mean Rock Band?
Rock Band.
You know what I mean?
That's right.
This brings me to my next point.
The one thing that it did not have going for it is the guitars.
The guitars suck, and I would only use the Guitar Hero guitars.
This is a game that narrowly missed being on my list, but I love this game.
What did you think, though, compared to the first game?
At first, when I first sat down with Rock Band 2, I was kind of like, eh, this feels
like Rock Band 1.5.
I think that might be part of the reason it didn't make my top three is because I do feel
like it was an upgrade of what I played last year, but there is a lot of new, cool stuff.
You know what I mean?
There is enough.
The multiplayer, when you make your band, you can actually save your character per your
account, and I think that's a lot better, because it was really irritating going back
to playing the first Rock Band over at my friend's house and having to save my character
on her profile.
It was really irritating.
Okay.
Loki, what was your number three favorite game of the year?
Yeah, that's tough.
Let me narrow it down.
Let's see, and we're going to try to be a little different here.
Lost Odyssey, because Lost Odyssey this year was the only game that I feel is as close
to Final Fantasy as we're going to have in a while, until Final Fantasy XIII, and people
thought maybe Last Remnant, maybe some of these other games that had come out, no.
Lost Odyssey is the closest thing you're going to get to Final Fantasy XIII until XIII comes
out.
It plays exactly like a Final Fantasy game.
And just even apart from the Final Fantasy series, it was a good game with a good story.
Another game that narrowly missed my top three, that I thought was still incredibly good.
And again, I need to go back and finish.
Maybe part of the reason I didn't.
Yes, I need to finish it too.
I'm only a little ways into it.
Bradley, I have no idea.
Did you make a top three list?
I don't know if you played enough games this year or what.
I actually thought of three games that came out this year that I actually played.
Excellent!
What was your number three pick, Bradley?
I played only three games.
I think I bought one or two other that came out this year, but I didn't get around to
playing them.
That's all right.
So, number three, at the bottom of the list I played this year, but it's not bad, but
it's just DDR, DDRX.
And I actually only played like a few hours of it, and the stories are weird.
Whoa, they put stories in DDR?
There's this weird thing, they have the different stories for characters.
The first two, I think there's one or two characters that are unlocked at the beginning,
which is, I think it's Emi, and there's a new guy named Zero, who's like, the Zero guy,
he's just like the stoic sort of guy, he doesn't say very much, he's kind of, ugh, whatever.
Sort of like a weird Bishonen looking kind of guy, he's just like feh, because they do
this little story thing where they do something weird with each character, and then they do
a dance battle, either do a dance battle with somebody or just, oh, show off your moves.
Sounds too much like you got served to me.
Yeah, it's kind of silly.
Alright, well you know what though, I'm glad DDR is represented somewhere on the list,
because we did start up as a Bimani based radio station, so why not?
My number three game that I would pick on the list of the top three games that were
released in 2008, even though it's funny because I just said I didn't put a game on there because
it felt like a remake of an old game, my number three game on my list is a remake, but it's
a damn good one, and it's one that needed to be brought to the forefront because too
many people overlooked it the first time it came out, and that is Res HD, is my third
favorite game of 2008, because I just think this game is an experience.
It is, god, I just love this game.
Even though at its premise it's a relatively simple rail shooter, I think just turning
off all the lights inside the living room, turning on this game on your big HD TV, putting
those controllers on your lap or on your back or whatever they recommend you do, it's just
awesome.
It's a totally experience that I just don't get with a lot of other games, and so I really
love Res, so yes, make all the vibration jokes you want, but yes, Res HD is my number three
favorite game of 2008.
Dark Sakura, your number two favorite game of 2008.
My number two game would be Tatsunoko vs. Capcom.
Ah, any particular reason why?
Dude, it's freaking, I only really played as Ken and Jun because I'm the big gachamon
fangirl, but it's really cool, it had actually so many different touches that if you were
fans of the old Tatsunoko series, it's just like big fangasm right then and there.
So many good touches, except for the Happy Thumb Ball of Doom, I hated the Happy Thumb
Ball of Doom, but the rest of it was pretty freaking fun, and it's just like playing Marvel
vs. Capcom in its control, it was really cool.
The characters we knew were going to be good, but you know you've heard of projects like
these and you go, oh boy, it's kind of like games based off movies, you're always kind
of like, oh boy, these are going to kind of stink, but the game was surprisingly decent,
so I can see that.
Loki, your number two game of the year.
My number two game of the year, it's tough.
I would, I guess I'm just going to have to go with Saints Row 2.
Saints Row 2.
I love my sandbox games, and you know, unfortunately I can't add Left 4 Dead or Fallout 3, I'm
not going to talk about Fable 2, and oh man, there's other games I would like to play,
or I'd like to have on my list here, but Saints Row 2 was actually, I thought, a little bit
better than, or more fun for me than Granthathot of 4, even though I still play Granthathot
of 4 today, but, and that is pretty fun, especially now that I can mod it, but it was an overall
fun game, and I really can't wait for the next one to come out.
Saints Row 3, in 2010 maybe, alright, awesome, we know you never shut up about that game
on the show, so it's no surprise that's showing up on your list, but that's cool, sandbox
games can be a lot of fun.
Bradley, number two, for you.
This game had the unfortunate circumstance that I picked up Zelda Phantom Hourglass and
didn't get back to it, but, since it's the other game that I played this year, it's Sonic
Chronicles, the Dark Brotherhood, and I only got to like, maybe the third mission, but
it's pretty fun, but Zelda just took over, so, but it's not too bad.
Alright, Sonic Chronicles, what every Sonic fan should, you know, be checking out probably,
right?
Maybe?
I don't know.
Alright, my number two game that I put on my list was a game that came out for a relatively
low price, and was, again, it was an experience, and it was also on Xbox Live Arcade, it was
a good year for Xbox Live Arcade, Braid was my number two pick of game I enjoyed this
year.
You know, that whole games as art thing, I mean, the game just moves like a painting,
has a surprisingly great story with depth, and is a puzzler game that's got a pretty
interesting twist on the whole usual 2D platformer.
I had a lot of fun with it, and it wasn't something, you know, it felt very rewarding
when you actually beat a puzzle, even though it was tempting to use walkthroughs, if you
stick with it, it's going to be very rewarding to beat some of the puzzles.
So I picked Braid, because I thought that game was great.
Alright, number one favorite game all freaking year, Dark Sakura.
I'd say Castlevania, Order of Ecclesia.
Oh!
It's been pissing me the hell off, but I've been having the most fun with it, so it definitely,
it gets back to, I think, what made Symphony of the Night fun, so.
Alright.
Even though that game frustrates me to no end, it was pretty cool.
Alright, Loki.
Your number one favorite game all freaking year.
You know, I'd normally go with Grand Theft Auto IV, because, you know, it's Grand Theft
Auto, but actually, I'm going to have to say Little Big Planet, just because of, it was
just a fun game.
I mean, it's hard to really pick one game, but Little Big Planet, this is definitely
a game I could see myself playing, you know, months from now, so, out to go with Little
Big Planet.
Alright.
Little Big Planet.
Lots to do in Little Big Planet, lots of replayability value.
Bradley, your number one favorite game of 2008.
And it's actually not even, maybe, not exactly a game, but it has games in it, I've learned
that it's what I actually have on my DS right now, playing, it's My Japanese Coach, and
I'll let it speak for itself.
Hey, I hope you heard that.
That's what I love about this show, you really can use any criteria you want, so if you want
to put My Japanese Coach as your number one game of the year, you go ahead.
Yeah, that's good for learning, and I actually recommend it if you want to learn Japanese.
If you're just starting out, you probably want to have some help, or get into a class,
but this would also be good to help along in, especially if it's good if you've forgotten
a lot and need to get back in, get your skills back up.
A shout out for the educational games, there you go.
Alright, my number one game of the year, you know what, you've been listening to this show
long enough, you know me well enough, what do you think?
My number one game of the year, this shouldn't be hard.
Super Metroid.
Maybe about 15 years ago, yes.
Or number one game of all time, maybe.
Loki, I know you've got to know.
Sing Star Abba.
That's a damn good pick, and I am very tempted to put that on my list, but no, I tried to
be halfway serious with this list, and as much as I love Sing Star Abba for its nostalgia
value for me, the game itself needs some improvement.
But Loki, try again.
If I'm being serious, what do you think the number one?
Little Big Planet.
You're absolutely right, Little Big Planet is my number one favorite game of 2008, because
I think this game is amazing.
Despite all the hubble we had about the moderation that went on earlier this year, I mean, God,
I wouldn't even need half of that, and those user-created levels in the game itself, even
by itself, is amazing, and I'm having a wonderful time with it, and the potential that this
game has for expansion is awesome, and now that they gave Sackboy a gun, it's even better,
and this game is amazing.
So I love Little Big Planet, it's my number one game of the year.
Now, we put our votes together with you guys in the chat room, and kind of some surprising
results.
If we were to put together, you guys had picks all up and down the spectrum, and all throughout
the spectrum of gaming, like you probably named like 40 different games between you
guys.
Here's the interesting thing, if we were to put our list together with the chat room,
there would be a tie for the number one game of 2008, with Little Big Planet, because Loki
and I naming it as number one game of the year probably helps, but get this, you know
what the other number one game would be?
It would be one none of us named, Mega Man 9, would be the game of the year.
That's worthy.
That retro throwback, and even Little Big Planet has a little bit of that sense in it,
the whole 2D platformer with it, definitely our fans are big on the throwbacks.
You see, also surprising what would come in second place, kind of some ties all around
here, we have Left 4 Dead, Super Smash Brothers Brawl, and Rock Band 2.
So even though somebody named Rock Band 2, nobody named the other ones, and those were
very well loved amongst our listeners, Brawl, probably the Wii title to have this year,
and Left 4 Dead, which as far as shooters go has been pretty amazing.
And then third place would be yet another one we didn't even name, Fallout 3.
But obviously the topic of that's come up earlier in the show, and at least for me that's
one of those games that I'll get to it when it comes down in price a little later on after
I finish these other games I want to play.
So there it is, your favorite games of 2008.
Very interesting to see some of the other things that people picked.
Castle Crashers, DJ Max, Wii Sports, somebody put in their list, even two years later shows
you the staying power of a game like that, Gears of War 2, Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo
HD Remix, Fable 2, Castle Crashers, Tomb Raider, the new one, Bionic Commander Rearmed, Chrono
Trigger DS, Bioshock, Mario Kart Wii, NHL 2009, the list goes on and on.
Very nice.
Pretty good year for games overall?
I would say so.
I would say yes unless you're the Nintendo Wii, I think the Nintendo Wii had maybe one
or two great games on it, and the rest was shovelware in my opinion.
Loki, was it a good year for games in 2008?
It was okay.
It was okay.
All right, let's see if it was a good year for The Mailbag.
Every week we invite you guys to send us emails at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com, and we
read some of your mail right here on this program in a little segment we appropriately
call The Mailbag.
Well we've only got one email.
Just one.
Fail.
Well, it's a decent one though.
Hey OLR, season's greetings and all the rest, excellent job with the show, I really enjoy
it.
Thank you.
I have a small question about reviews.
I know you guys review games on your own show quite frequently.
Depends on if they suck, how much they suck, etc.
I must confess that I'm a bit of a casual gamer and also a poor college student, so
don't have any money to pick up every game you guys review.
However, when I do decide to pick up a game, I usually look at games that came out quasi
recently and take into account what you guys said about it.
That being said, I can't go through every episode to find the exact spot where you reviewed
a certain game.
I poked around the forums a bit, and I can't find a lot of places where you reviewed games.
I know this might take up a little more of your time, but wouldn't it be cool if you
had a place where you just had a little snippet of what you said about a game, gave it a thumbs
up or thumbs down, and limited this to only the popular or big title games that came out.
For example, I remember this guy recently liked Little Big Planet, but I can't remember
what Dark Sakura said about Animal Crossing.
It was the same, by the way.
Even if not all of you played the game, I still value each of your opinions because
you guys never seem to leave me astray.
I'm not proposing an entire archive of what everyone nitpicked about every single aspect
of each game.
I'm just looking for an easy, and preferably online, way to find out if you approved of
a certain game before I go and get it.
Just something to think about.
I hope your holidays are awesome, Amplitude.
Well I will tell you this, that Sauce actually has a review blog that we've talked about
some reviews on there before, but it's at Avengers-Tower.com, I think it is?
And she puts up a lot of reviews there, and I was actually kind of thinking about getting
back into blogging some game related stuff, since I'm actually playing things a bit more,
and actually since I'm chatting with her, she suggested get a Gamefly account too.
If you guys know anyone who is really good at website design, and I mean really serious
inquiries on me-
Oh, there's no Dash in that, by the way.
Oh.
Just Avengers Tower.
Please send them my way.
And I'm not talking about hosting or admin, because we have a guy who does that who is
amazing, but I'm talking about the design itself of a website and being able to run
it.
I would even be willing to throw money out there if it's not too extreme, so get in touch
with me.
A lot of times, and maybe you've tried to before, but it fell through the cracks because
you get a lot of freaking spam, but I'll try to keep my eye out over the next week.
If you have ideas on how we can get OLR's website functional for types of requests like
this, I would love to hear it, because unfortunately, with a full-time job and school and stuff,
we got no time.
Yeah, we were using WinMatter before, or using-
We're still using PHP Nuke, and it's just an old system.
No, I meant for our old blog that we used to have.
Old blog?
Yeah, remember the blog that we had up way back in the day?
God, yeah.
I think it was called GrayMatter or something like that.
That was old.
We could probably throw up a WordPress easy, but I don't know.
WordPress was what we used.
We could just try reviving that too.
The website as it is today has just kind of looked the same for the past four years.
I'm ready to nuke it and try something else, kind of like how they blew up the Stardust
for building a new hotel.
PHP Nuke!
Yeah, exactly.
Nuke!
Explore the nuke in PHP Nuke.
We don't need help in hosting or any of that stuff.
We got that covered because Jason's the man, but we just need help in writing.
We just need a website that looks less- Yeah.
Less.
Our strength is radio, guys.
That's the thing you got to learn.
Radio is what we've done for seven years, not website design.
Hey, I can update PHP BB, so don't worry about that.
I did my own board.
Awesome.
That's- I'm going to give it a refresh just to see, but you know what?
No.
All right.
That's all right.
How dare they?
Probably because I've been very behind on updating the podcast again, and you know,
oops.
I will resolve in the new year to get us all caught up and current again.
So hooray.
Let's move on with a couple more news stories, just a couple, and then we're going to do
listless tonight.
We haven't done listless in forever.
This will be fun.
Listless tonight.
Top three news stories of 2008.
Top three news stories will be tonight's listless.
It'll be fun.
It'll be quick, too, because there's only three of us, and then we've got Skype, too.
Don't worry.
We'll have Skype.
We'll have plenty of time for that.
Lucky news.
Yes.
So there was a game that was coming out, a RPG called Cryon that looked pretty cool.
Unfortunately, the development company AQ Interactive that was behind it decided, well,
they're just not going to release it because apparently due to the financial situation
that they're in and that kind of stuff and their forecasts that they're going to not
really continue development on it, the current market environment, and the forecasts for
the future, and of course they apologized to everybody that was waiting for the release.
But too bad.
Yeah.
I think this was a game that they were showing off.
I want to say either the very first year of 360 came out or maybe a little bit after.
It's basically, what was it, a team that composed of Miss Walker and Artoon.
What's Miss Walker been working on lately?
Are they doing Lost Odyssey 2 and Blue Dragon 2?
Well, there's a Blue Dragon DS game.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
I think there's some other Miss Walker game that's coming out.
There were about a few things I remember.
They've already confirmed a sequel to Lost Odyssey, though, right?
I don't know.
I think they did.
I think they did.
We'll see.
Hey, follow up.
Remember last week we just had depression upon depression?
All these studios were closing left and right, and some of them were rumor status, and one
of those was free radical.
Unfortunately, it has been confirmed that as of December 31st, free radical is going
to be downsizing significantly.
Seventy-five percent of its workforce, 140 employees.
That means only 40 people will be left, and they're selling the business.
There are some other companies out there that are apparently interested in picking up this
company, but who knows who is going to snap up this company yet?
But that's a bummer.
140 employees get laid off right at the end of the year during the holidays.
Damn this economy.
Damn it.
So there it is.
The free radical is closing its doors.
Well, just the countless news upon news articles of studios shutting their doors is just one
of the big things that happened in 2008, but we thought we would take a look tonight at
some of the top stories of 2008, the way that only we can do it here on Orange Lounge Radio
in a segment we call Listless.
That's right.
On Orange Lounge Radio, we do a segment called Listless where we invite the host to submit
their top three, and then we have the chat room vote on the list that is prepared and
come up with the ultimate list, and today's topic is the top three stories of 2008.
Now what's interesting tonight is that I don't believe Bradley is going to be able to participate
because I don't think he's been following enough stories this year to tell us he's shaking
his head no.
It's just dark soccer on myself and Loki to have lists out there, so because there's only
so many of us participating tonight, there will be no elimination round in tonight's
Listless.
So, it's an open table for anything you want to submit to the list tonight.
And remember, you guys can use any criteria you want.
That's part of what makes Orange Lounge Radio unique.
We don't profess to be the experts or the analysts and all that crap.
They get paid money.
We don't.
So we can use whatever criteria we want.
So that being said, dark soccer, biggest news story of 2008, number three, what would you
say?
The asshole getting smacked down.
About fucking time.
He who shall not be named loses his license to practice law in Florida, correct?
Yes.
Alright.
That was a pretty monumentous occasion that involved confetti being tossed and hurrays
everywhere.
Alright.
DJ Dark Knight says, let the chatters kick one out.
I don't know.
Should we let the chatters maybe put, like, one thing on the list so we have a nice even
ten?
Sure.
Alright.
I'll do this.
At a certain time, I'm going to open up the Skype line and we'll let you guys put one
thing on the list.
Alright.
Loki, you're number three.
Oh man, that's tough.
I guess because we talked a lot about it.
I guess the, it'd be funny, Rock Revolution, not me announcing that they're doing Rock
Revolution, or was that, no that was actually the year before last, or was that this E3?
I can't remember.
This E3 was the one where they really botched it publicly, you might remember, so maybe
you want to use that.
Take that off.
Take that off.
Oh, no.
I got it.
Nintendo fucking up their E3 press conference.
Care to elaborate?
Yes, their demonstration of Wii music and how it butchered the Super Mario Brothers
theme, stories about snowboarding and Sun's, I guess, holiday cards or stuff like that,
and what was the other thing that they showed that was really crappy?
Oh, Animal Crossing and how it wasn't different.
Yeah, Game Guru in the chat room asked a question a lot of people are going to ask you.
What fuck up?
Some people would say they did not fuck up.
Okay, disappointing showing at E3.
Clearly they had the worst press conference.
They were supposed to make this big splash to come back for ignoring the core gamer,
and they ignored the core gamer, yeah.
Alright.
Alright, we said anything you want?
Tiger Claus says, how about the drummer pretending to drum?
So you do have some allies in your corner there.
My number three that I would put on the list, I would say the story, and I don't know if
you remember this, but part of the reason I'm putting it on the list is because of the
endless lulls that it brought us on this show, but do you remember when a website called
WhatTheyPlay.com ran a poll, and this poll discovered that people out there are more
offended by sex and gay kissing than multiple uses of the word fuck and disembodied heads?
Remember, gay kissing is more offensive than a severed head in a video game, so I believe
that whole asshattery, we will call the WhatTheyPlay.com asshattery, even though I feel really terrible
because I'm sure that website is like a fine website, it's just the users of that website
are asshats, the WhatTheyPlay.com asshattery is my third top news story of 2008, because
I think it really ties into a lot of these other types of censorship stories and even
asshole losing his license and all that stuff, I think it all kind of ties together.
It just really shows you the general public and how our views of the world can be very
fucked up sometimes.
Thank you.
All right, that takes us to our number twos, Dark Saga.
Number two will be Stephen Colbert and Rock Band.
That was pretty epic to have Stephen Colbert and Rock Band.
That was fucking epic.
You can actually add Stephen Colbert and Jonathan Coulton in Rock Band.
Have yourself a party.
Hell yeah.
All right, that's right, Charlene was available in Rock Band for free, so it's free Stephen
Colbert and Rock Band.
Yeah, even better.
Twice as amazing.
So we've got a free write-off of them, huh?
And easiest way to get some of those achievements because the song is so short.
Just want to point that out.
Loki, your number two top news story of 2008.
Just because it was funny to make fun of how ridiculous everything was getting.
The Little Big Planet controversy.
Seriously, a song with lyrics that most people won't understand, can't possibly get offended
by them.
What was up with that?
Like seriously, the guy had won Grammys and does this stuff all his time in his albums
and nobody had ever had a problem with it before and even the guy who complained about
it was like, I didn't mean to like recall the game, you could have just like patched
it out.
Panic!
Panic!
Panic!
Panic!
Panic!
This is the new motto at Sony, whenever we talk about Sony headquarters, panic, panic,
panic!
Eat crayon, panic!
That's right, the crayon eating leads to panicking.
Do you think that maybe there's some chemical in like the crayon that causes people to panic?
Been dying there before.
Alright, my number two was going to also be the news story about Nintendo burning their
hardcore gamers at E3.
But since Loki stole that, I will say the news that E for All got canned and old E3
is coming back because I think it goes to show a lot of people said, it wouldn't work,
it wouldn't work and as much as they're trying to say, well you know we tried something different
and it didn't work, so old E3 is returning is my number two story of 2008.
Old E3 returning, bye bye E for All.
Where did E for All not work out, do you guys think, everything?
I think that it was a good concept but because there was already this expectation of what
was there before, it really did rub raw with a lot in the community and really I think
a lot of the hype was really really brought up at the big E3 orgy, I'm sorry it was the
orgy of game, so that really actually cut down a lot of advertising for them I thought.
They had a Target booth where you could buy games, oh my god, where will we find a Target
on, I don't know, anywhere in the United States, oh wait no they're everywhere that's right,
so yes of course you need to go to E for All to go buy your games.
Gangru wants to point out in chat that Capcom he believes was the worst at E3, at least
Nintendo talked about actual games, that was a good point, Capcom got up there and sucked
their own dicks for an hour basically is what they did, which you think would be an impressive
thing to watch but in fact it was really boring.
It would be like if I went to an old folks home and talked about how awesome games are,
they would probably boo me off the stage and go to sleep.
Same thing was happening with the casual game stuff, I know that a lot of people like casual
games, which is great, but casual gamers don't really need to be up to date on what's coming
out because they're casual gamers.
They don't care about street dates, they don't care about having to play stuff right away,
they're casual, they're like hey cool, this game's awesome, it just came out, maybe I'll
give it a shot.
I don't know, it's just the core audience is what drives the consoles and you have to
appease the core audience and then get some more people in to become your core audience.
Gameguru says E3 is for the casual gamer and movie lover now.
I don't know, do you think having to go back to the old way somewhat, I mean we say the
old way although they say we're going to cap it at 40,000, they say they're going to make
it easier for podcasters to get in and I'm saying I'll believe it when I see it.
My podcasters, if you're an IGN podcaster, or people that do an incredible job at marketing
their podcasts, there's people out there that do a much better job at marketing themselves
and their hobby than we do, honestly.
This is something we've done for LoLs on a Sunday night for seven years, but some people
have really made a life out of it out there in the indie podcasting community, so I'm
not knocking that, props to them.
Do what you love, but I think they'll have an easier time getting into E3, but we will
still have to ask for handouts on the street corner.
All right, I promised that we would allow a listener to add something to the list, so
we're going to the Skype line right now.
Who's on the line?
This is Aki Ripper.
Aki Ripper!
How are you doing, my friend?
I'm doing just fine.
All right.
With the small, tiny detail that what the hell do I have to add to this, LoL?
Well, you got through.
You called when I said to call in chat, and I said a chat room person could add one item
to the list.
So we are about to start our number ones.
So Aki Ripper, what would you say was the biggest news story of 2008?
Any criteria you want.
Well, the only thing I can think of at the straight really is the dissemination of who
dare, that one who shall not be named.
So I fail, but automatic.
Sorry.
Well, yeah, and that's already on the list.
So you're not going to try and add something new to the list?
What would number two be?
I really got to be.
I am so really behind.
Gua!
Pardon me, I just failed.
Was there a game called Gua that was released this year?
Guar is a band.
I know that.
All right, Aki Ripper, I'll have to let you go.
Call back later.
Later.
All right.
People so excited to call in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Jason.
Guess what, Jason?
I turned on my volume and was like, wait, is that me?
The call before you, Jason, tried to name something that was already on the list because
of the delay.
Yeah, who shall not be named.
That's what I was just trying to turn down.
I know, because they're in a foreign country and all.
It takes like an hour for the delay and everything, yet they were able to call in.
No, but I reminded them that it didn't, okay, sorry, technical difficulties.
That's right.
Jason, that's good news for you.
That means you can put on whatever you want onto the list.
So what do you think was the top news story of 2008 in gaming?
I'm going to be a little bit egotistical with this one because of how everything went out.
The new Metal Gear Solid will be an iPhone game.
Oh, something a little recently here.
Okay.
Jason, I think this is such a big freaking deal.
Give me one moment so I'm not echoing all over the place.
You sound fine to us here in the studio, just so you know.
Yeah, you said that, but...
You sound like a tin can, but you sound fine.
I chose that simply for the fact that people went absolutely crazy about Metal Gear Solid
5, holy crap.
We've already gotten portable ops.
We've already gotten, what was it, Metal Gear Acid, am I even thinking about the right
game?
We've already got portable games, we've already got offshoots.
Before it just came out and they were really trying to end the series, the eye and the
logo just prime over-analytical-ness, that's what I mean.
Well, you know what's interesting is it's not just Metal Gear that Konami is putting
on the phone.
If I recall, they also announced DDR and some of their other big franchises on iPhones.
So to me, this is more of a story about that iPhone is starting to legitimately become
a gaming platform of sorts, as much to Loki's dismay.
Yeah, Konami Mobile, yeah, that sounds about right.
Yeah, but they already had cell phone games, so that's a gamey, I'm sorry.
Well, not Metal Gear, hence my real reliance right on that.
Yeah, but this isn't really a good Metal Gear game anyways.
Some interesting comments in chat, Bob Coffee says, Metal Gear Touch will fail.
Pitstun says, Metal Gear Touch is a glorified light gun game.
Game Guru says, Metal Gear Solid Touch should be on Wii.
So should the Silent Hill arcade game.
That should be on Wii.
All right, well, Jason, thank you so much for contributing to the list.
And we'll see what happens if the chat room votes it as one of the top three.
Hell yeah, you guys better.
All right, we'll see.
Bye.
Thanks.
All right, let's go around and get our in-studio, our number one picks for biggest news story
of 2008.
Dark Sakura, what would you say was the biggest news story of 2008?
The biggest news story?
I'd actually say our pair of anniversaries.
How so?
For the station, seriously.
No, really.
Any criteria you want.
It's really big for us because we not only hit 300 episodes, but we hit six years.
So I'd say that's fairly monumental that, you know, we're that bored.
You know, and I don't know if there is another, and if I am mistaken, please feel free to
correct me, but I don't think there is another show that runs weekly that has hit 300 episodes
in the history of the internet, of gaming.
If there is, please let me know.
And again, that's weekly.
I know there's some that ran daily that were able to hit 300 episodes, but I don't know
if any of them ran weekly because in order to hit 300 episodes, you would have to have
run for six years.
Trust us, we know.
Six and a half years.
Six and a half years, yeah, at this point because we take a week off once in a while.
So there you go.
By the way, major props to a Dark Sakura for her delivery of We're That Bored.
Alright.
Hey.
It's so true, though.
Alright, no, you know, we do it because, you know, what else would we do?
Crack?
Uh, Loki!
Well, since that was going to be my number one.
Winners don't use drugs.
But that was going to be my number one because I did dress up like, uh, Sackboy then.
That was going to be your number one?
Really?
My God, you're getting Capcom on me.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, listen.
I have a better number one, though, because this small event happened.
In May of 2008, Activision announced that Guitar Hero, which became Guitar Hero World
Tour, would now have drums.
And would now be copying Rock Band.
It would be the first music game in the history of music games to have drums and guitars in
the same game.
Oh, wait, except that's inaccurate.
But that's what they said, or something like that.
Meaning like how, uh, they got up there, I think, and said, like, this is the first time
you're going to be able to get to play the guitar and play the drums and sing at the
same time, all in one game.
And everybody's just thinking, like, uh, lol, Rock Band.
Well, I think they meant in the Guitar Hero series, but yeah, yeah.
But you know, you know how them suits are.
They like to think that we're all ignorant, which is not true.
So.
All right, uh, my number one, I mean, I decided to pick something I actually think is the
number one thing that happened this year in gaming, like huge news, I think, that changes
gaming in a big, big way.
And uh, do you guys remember I've been talking about something that I said was going to be
huge for gaming?
It was announced early in the year and then happened, and I'm saying it's going to be
like the YouTube of the 360.
Sing Star Abba?
No, not Sing Star Abba!
Community games on the new Xbox experience, the fact that they brought in community games,
not just that, but Netflix.
So I'm going to kind of loop it all in and say the new Xbox experience, I think, is the
biggest new story of 2008 because it brought us not just the community games and the, you
know, web 2.0 age of my 360, but the fact that I can freaking stream movies to my 360.
That just bumped up its entertainment capacity by a ton.
You know what I mean?
It's not a gaming system, but a movie hub, you know, an entertainment system, really.
So uh, new, uh, NXC is my number one story of 2008.
But I want to specifically state it's because of community games and Netflix and not necessarily
because of stuff that was just to kind of catch up to other companies like the Avatars
and you know, there are some things about NXC I don't like, but I do think those two
particular aspects make it very, very relevant.
Sorry, I know, you would think Sing Star Abba would be there.
Maybe if I got to do a top five, I don't know.
All right.
So since we're skipping an elimination round this time, you guys get to vote on this as
it is right here.
I'm going to post this in the chat room there and you can send in your votes.
Prepare for floodage in chat.
All right, so you can place a vote for your number one and your number two picks in the
chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
These were the top ones.
Jack Thompson getting the beat down.
Nintendo fucks up the E3 press conference, as Loki said, fucked up.
WhatTheyPlay.com ass hattery.
Stephen Colbert is in rock band.
Little Big Planet Karan lyrics and the controversy.
Notice that's Karan, not Korean.
Old E3 is coming back, buy E for All.
Metal Gear goes to iPhone.
OLR hits 300 episodes in six years.
I love how that's mixed in with all these other stories.
Guitar Hero announces drums.
And edXE community game and Netflix.
So there you have it.
Send your number one and number two picks via private message to Sky in the chat room.
While you do that, we have some more news for you guys and we'll get to the results
shortly.
Please hurry and get those in.
Loki, we'll start off with you.
Yes.
Speaking of games with guitars and drums, Rock Band 2 for the Wii is finally going to
get some download content starting in early 2009.
They're going to be, I guess, adding that feature to it as well.
And they're going to start with the content that was originally available.
I think the free 20 song pack or whatever.
So that'll be interesting.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah, free 20 song pack, I guess, that was available already and then the free 30 download
tracks from the original Rock Band download content library.
Huh.
Very cool.
So free songs for the people that bought Rock Band.
That's right, because the Wii people have to wait for a while.
Well, actually, no, I guess not because it just came out like last week or so.
So that wouldn't be too bad.
It's nice to see, though, that there's actual download content for some of these games.
I mean, because if you think about it, they haven't really done it.
I'm surprised, like even Animal Crossing or something, they haven't seen any really download
content.
I'm very surprised about that as well, considering, you know, how Nintendo is.
You know what I mean?
There's like no download content for any Nintendo stuff.
No new tracks in Mario Kart, no new characters in Smash Brothers, no new music in Wii Music.
Nothing.
Very surprised.
Me, too.
I am very surprised.
I'm very curious to see how the download content's going to work.
That is going to be very interesting.
Very, very interesting.
All right.
More stories, yes?
There is.
Actually, this is pretty cool that for Rock Band, they're actually getting some new content.
They're actually getting Roy Orbison.
How's that for cool?
Who's Roy Orbison?
It seems kind of random to me.
Well, this is actually reported by CMT, but they're actually putting in a pack of Roy
Orbison songs that are going to be on Rock Band 2.
They would know.
Didn't he do You Got It?
Yeah.
They would know because CMT is owned by MTV.
He sang Pretty Woman.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah.
Pretty Woman.
That's probably the song that's going to be there.
Just you wait.
Roy Orbison's cool.
Plus he was with the Traveling Wilburys, and that was pretty cool.
Well, Guitar Hero's going to be getting some more free download tracks in the form of two
Bruce Springsteen tracks.
Apparently, let's see, I guess, Born to Run and My Lucky Day.
I guess My Lucky Day's office new single, and Born to Run, of course, is a classic track.
Those will be available on both the PSN and Xbox Live Marketplace January 27th through
February 4th.
All right.
We're going to be opening up the Skype line and taking your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You can go ahead and give us a call, and we'll take a couple of your calls.
Meanwhile, do we have any last minute stories here while I try to tally up the last of the
Cage Match votes, too?
No.
Yeah, it really wasn't a very busy week, was it?
In other news, Jamie wants a cookie.
There are cookies, actually, here in studio.
I know.
See, you left them here, and I was going to eat them all, but then I thought, what a good
idea to keep cookies in studio on hand for those moments when Jamie says, I need a cookie.
That's not going to actually happen after the beginning of the year, Rob.
Why are you going on a diet?
I don't go on diets.
Are you going on a lifestyle adjustment?
I adjust my lifestyle, and that's not exactly what I'm doing.
I'm readjusting.
Won't there be a type of cookie you can still eat?
Fiber.
All right.
Fiber cookies.
All right.
Fiberglass cookies.
Holy cookies.
All right.
If you hear a crackling noise, it's because I picked up a call like a minute ago, and
the poor guy's having to wait.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's GSXPA, and no aesthetic.
I am not ordering a pizza for OLR.
Yeah.
Please don't order pizzas to the studio if you know where we live.
That's not nice.
GSXPA, what's on your mind?
Now, I think I know what's on your mind, because you live in a certain part of the Bay Area
where you got something special this week, right?
Yeah.
DJ Max Technica at Sunnyvale Golf Land.
Tell us about DJ Max Technica at Sunnyvale Golf Land.
What's it like?
Yeah.
Basically, it's kind of like Elite Beat Agents meets Luminous.
You have two halves of the screen.
You have this line going from one side of the screen to the other, and then there's
these markers.
You have to press it as the line goes over them.
And it's kind of like big meaning that as you press the markers, you recreate parts
of the music.
Yeah.
But will it blend?
No.
Is it fun?
That's what I want to know.
Is it fun?
Yeah.
Did you have fun with it?
It's pretty fun.
On the first day, we had 20 people in line, so between journeys, I had to wait 20 games,
which wasn't really a problem for me.
I just played other games between rounds.
My God.
Isn't that like a three-hour wait, 20 games, or at least an hour?
Well, the problem is the life meter on the game is very harsh.
If you miss seven to 10 notes in a row, you automatically fail, and it's not like say
popping music, where if you fail the first stage, you get to go to the next.
Plus, on the final stage, the difficulty for the progression from one stage to the next
is really harsh.
On the first stage, you can pick a level one song, but on the second, the lowest you can
pick is level three, I think, and for the final stage, the lowest you can pick is a
level five.
So by Thursday, you have songs that initially you have a lot of trouble with, and you end
up failing within the first 30 seconds.
All right, so I got to turn this call around real quick, though, and address another topic
that we brought up earlier in the show, because as neat as this game sounds and all, I've
got to know your thoughts on, because I know you're a DJ Maxx fan, the whole Konami lawsuit,
and don't just say it's bullshit.
I'm just curious, like, what are your thoughts?
Well, and you know that Konami sued Rockstar for In the Groove and won, right?
Sure, yeah.
Well, I mean, personally, I think the whole In the Groove thing had it coming, because
it was basically DDR, just with different music and charts, like, some modifiers.
DJ Maxx, I have different opinions for, because at least it seems to be different from Beat
Mania.
Like, for example, DJ Maxx's portable that, I mean, Konami hasn't really done a portable
2DX.
I mean, yeah, there's the Game Boy Beat Minis, but for money here, those aren't really good,
and they weren't very popular.
Whereas with DJ Maxx's portable here, it was so successful that it actually became its
own series, and so we just want to have mixed feelings about this lawsuit.
I mean, yeah, DJ Maxx is a lot like Beat Mania, but at the same time, I don't know if Panda
Vision really deserved this, I mean...
You know, I gotta say, though, you get us thinking about something, I gotta say, you
have a well-thought-out point, because you got me thinking about something I didn't think
about before, because, like, I kind of agree with you that the reason why In the Groove
got the beat down, I know a lot of people are pissed off about the whole In the Groove
lawsuit and everything, but let's face it, In the Groove was DDR, okay?
Like it was, like, really, really, really the same thing, okay?
But you're right, they haven't really put out, Konami has not really put out a portable
version of their game, and I don't even know if you can really count those Game Boy Beat
Mania games, because they were so long ago, they were on a completely different system,
they just weren't even the same as the PSP.
That is kind of an interesting point.
Anyone in the studio think that changes things at all?
No.
No?
Why not?
I mean, just because they, I don't think they're gonna put out a portable DDR, it just
doesn't make any sense, because the PSP right now, I guess it could be used as, you know,
you could play DDR on it.
Well, kind of like that StepMania thing for PSP, right?
That's what I was saying.
Yeah, you can't play DDR on it, but a lot of people would be like, what's the point?
I mean, thank you, what is the point, I never understood the point of DDR on a portable
platform.
Well, on the go, I mean, sometimes you can't, sometimes you don't have gaming on the go,
or you can't take your pad and such with you.
But here's the thing, though, is, before I remember talking to a Konami rep one time
about if, when they were planning on bringing over Guitar Freaks, and this was like a long
time ago, and they're like, well, unfortunately they don't know how to, you know, they don't
know how to market a guitar game for the US, you know, whereas like a DJing game, oh, people
want to play, you know, DJing games, which I think would be totally opposite, you know,
who wouldn't want to be in like a rock band or something like that.
But that's the thing, is, if they have trouble figuring out how to market a guitar game,
you know, which is kind of a no-brainer nowadays, what makes people think, you know, what, I
don't think that they would think that a DDR game on a PSP would be a good idea, because
they can't go, oh, you can get exorcised, no you can't, because you're just playing
a little PSP game, but, I don't know, it would be kind of cool maybe like a BeatMania game
or something like that.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, there was a pump and a DMR on the PSP, but that also, but that tanked, as far as
I'm concerned.
Because what is the fucking point?
I mean, really, beating Groovy on the PSP, I don't know, maybe.
Oh, yes, beating Groovy, oh gosh.
I mean, beating Groovy had a lot of potential, I mean, I can understand why it's only five
buttons, but, I mean, whoever was behind beating Groovy just handled it really poorly, I mean,
the songs are too easy, they went out of their way to replace all the awesome pop and music
characters, and...
God, you are so right, that's what's so frustrating about beating Groovy, is that beating Groovy
did have a lot of potential to be a really awesome game, and, oh wait, they already have
that game, it's called pop and music, and it's, like, superior in every way, and it's
just insulting.
Like, what Konami did with beating Groovy is insulting to us people that have been supporting
them for so many years.
I'm sorry, there's really no other way to describe it.
Well, I mean, I can understand the rationale behind the five button mode, but, like, the
lack of song listening and such, I mean, hell, look at the US version of BeatMania, that
had, like, at least 30 songs ranging from really easy to really hard, and, aside from
that five key beat medium mode, I mean, did it, and the new difficulty system, and the
gray system, which, isn't that really big of a deal, I mean, at least it's pretty faithful,
like, as far as the basics go, whereas beating Groovy, like, what the fuck is this?
Alright, uh, GSCCA, we're gonna let you go, so we can get some more calls, but thank you
for the review of, uh, DJMaxx, uh, Technica, and, uh, I definitely will be going to the
Bay Area at some point to check it out, I promise.
Let me know.
As soon as next weekend, I, I have, uh, stuff going on in South Bay next weekend anyway,
I might swing by.
Alright.
I don't know, though.
I'm living on Twitter, I have, I have free time all next week anyways.
The problem is, I have to take my female friend with me who thinks video games are stupid,
so I don't know how I'm gonna entertain her, but we'll think of something.
Oh, alright then.
Alright.
Alright, see ya.
Bye.
Alright, yeah, you know, I think I've made it no secret on the show, I do Rocky Horror
Picture Show still in the Bay, and I do stuff on stage and stuff, um, and I'm, I'm signed
up to this show in the South Bay next week, so I'll probably go, but, um, yeah, my friend
that goes with me doesn't, doesn't get the video game thing.
Hey, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
I have returned to spam up the airwaves even more.
Please do, Jason, what's on your mind?
Yes, I, I wanted to talk about something earlier.
I don't even remember what it was, but something else just hit me, so I'll kill time with that.
Sure.
Is it just me, or was this a year of classical throwbacks?
Well, yeah, look at, look at what game topped our list.
I mean, if we didn't put anything on the list, Mega Man 9 would have won amongst the listeners,
hands down.
Hands down.
That's a pretty good definitive pick, and that is what I mean, it's, uh, I was basically
just going to elaborate and say, sure, years back, Nintendo has resold their whole catalog,
but that doesn't mean anything.
This is the year of Mega Man 9, Braid, and I had another example.
Is it gaming, or is it Capcom, because, you know, the biggest ones I think of, Mega Man
9, Bionic Commando Rearmed, which was pretty damn impressive, and, uh, Super Street Fighter,
Turbo HD, Remix, Super, Uber, I can't believe I paid $10 for this version.
The movie, the game, anniversary, third style?
Yes.
I mean, Capcom was one of the biggest offenders, quote unquote, in this category, but at the
same time, I think Capcom finally started doing the games this year, but we wanted them
to do these downloadable games when they first came out, in a way.
But also, you know, a game like LittleBigPlanet, what's the first thing people do in LittleBigPlanet's
level creator?
Remake World 1-1 for Mario Brothers, yes, make Mario a LittleBigPlanet.
I was going to say porn.
Or porn, but you know what I mean?
They'll make the cock level.
A large majority of those levels are, you know, remakes of other games from another
day, in this newer engine.
So there definitely is a big retro vibe going on in 08.
I don't know if you guys have gone back and actually watched it, or actually looked for
it, but you remember the Gradius level that the Japanese guy made?
Yes.
Everybody was talking about.
Just in case I just referred to it by name, the level name was Libidus.jp.
He has made SuperLibidus.jp.
It is a vertical scrolling shoot-em-up.
Oh, I'm going to have to check his levels.
I haven't looked at a while, but that guy did some amazing shit in LittleBigPlanet.
It's interesting because he has, yeah he did, all of the beatmania type level, and no, not
a math level.
Anyways.
There was another new one, I think it was supposed to be based off some Japanese shooter,
but I didn't understand it.
But now that they've given an actual paint gun, I'm curious to see what he does next.
You know what I mean?
All the shots are just hard anymore now that you have the paint gun.
That's a huge extra mechanic they've put in the game.
The only thing that I don't like about this SuperLibidus is that at the same time it adds
a very interesting twist, but if you're getting shot at, and you shoot that bullet, the two
bullets bounce off and fly in the other direction, and fly in opposite directions.
And like I said, it's a vertical scroller.
He has this, if you think of really, really old vertical shoot-em-ups, he has a crosshair
that's not even a quarter of the way up the screen permanently fixed right in front of
your ship.
There are ground quote-unquote enemies shooting at you that you can't destroy.
What was that game?
There was a game on the NES that had that, was it Xanax, Xevious?
You had that crosshair permanently fixed.
You might be thinking Zaxxon.
No not Zaxxon.
It was Xevious.
It was Xevious with the little blue landers.
Was it Xevious?
I think so.
Because that target showed you where the bombs would drop.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it was.
That's pretty sure.
If you were describing it, I thought it was Xevious.
There might be a bomb button that I just haven't found yet.
Just like Libidus, I died very quickly and sucked really hard.
Nice.
And it made me laugh a lot, because when you lose the level, just like in Libidus, you have
a little halfpipe with all of your orbs, depending on how far you got, but there's a key in there.
And when you do it and leave the level, guess what you get?
A new level with a key?
Super Libidus easy mode!
You fail so hard, you get a key just like in Devil May Cry.
Nice.
I got to cry all over again at the worst insult a game could ever hand me.
I really need to get in there and make a level.
I need to tear myself away from WoW long enough, Jason.
How do I do it?
Close your laptop.
No, you play on desktops, what am I thinking?
Kick the monitor.
Break it.
I don't know.
If I break the monitor, then I don't have one for the show.
Being the fact that I've never been much of a WoW person, I can't offer, an MMO person
rather, I can't really offer much advice.
That's all right.
I'll get to it someday.
I do have a lot of fun when I play a little bit of Planet, I'll get to a level at some
point.
All right, well, Jason, we're going to let you go to try and get a couple more calls,
and we have to read the list list results and see if you're suggesting me the top three.
You guys have better voted me in, at least number two, I can respect a certain one for
number one.
We're about to find out in two seconds.
All right, see you, Jason.
All right, folks.
Our fearless webmaster, Jason, VXJsonXV, Jason for short.
Let's talk about the winners, shall we, of list list.
Don't worry, we'll get back to the phone and do a couple more calls.
Let's get to the top three based on your votes.
Hold on, I have to add it up here so I don't read it wrong.
Okay, there is definitely a very definitive top three tonight.
No ties, no nothing.
Very easy top three spelled out here tonight.
The number three top news story of 2008.
Actually, I'm curious.
Folks here in studio, provided you didn't look over my shoulder, any predictions on
what they thought was the number one story of 2008?
Cookie.
Cookie.
I don't think that was on the list, DarkSucker.
I'd say either our 300th episode just because they're kissing ass, or guitar hero.
All right.
Bradley?
Any thoughts?
No?
Or.
Or.
All right, let's see.
Let's see.
All right, the number three biggest story of 2008.
This is definitive.
This is absolute.
There is no arguing.
This is a flawless process.
Jack Thompson getting the beat down was the number three pick for the biggest story of
2008.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I said his name out loud.
That just gives him power.
Sorry.
Oh, but not in the state of Florida.
The number two biggest story of 2008 in gaming.
The new Xbox experience brings us community games and Netflix.
There you go.
And lastly, the top story of 2008, the biggest story in gaming.
Orange Lounge Radio hits 300 episodes in six years, you narcissistic bastards.
Hey, it is monumental.
Like I said, we are that full of ourselves.
I just love that the chat, you know, it just goes to show our live listeners and the podcast
listeners too, the whole family here at OLR, everybody that helps make this show a success.
Everybody has to spank their monkey that sometimes everybody contributes to that in one way or
another.
All right.
Oh, Jason's going apeshit in the chat room and not letting people talk because they didn't
vote his as a top three.
I will say though, Jason, yours to get some votes.
It would have come in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
No sixth.
It would have come in sixth out of the list, so there you go, Jason.
Very rude.
All right.
It's rude to silence those who disagree with you.
All right.
Let's do another call.
Orange Lounge Radio's username on Skype, 1877 game OLR is the number to call.
We'll do like one more call then we will wrap up.
For live listeners, no afterbirth tonight.
Sorry, guys.
We have a late start, so we have jobs to get to tomorrow.
We're already well after midnight on the East Coast, so we're not going to do an afterbirth
tonight, but do stay tuned because I do have a special message for you after the show just
for the live folks.
Let's get to one more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
You know, Legend of Zaku.
Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
Just gloating, just looking back at what was once this year and in the next few days we'll
be the next year.
Yeah.
This year has gone by really fast.
Shit happened really quickly.
What do you think of the list of the biggest stories of 2008?
Was there something else you would have put on that?
I guess it was pretty much concise of what happened.
Guess Jack Thompson's disbarring should have been up there pretty high.
I wouldn't say number one, but it should have been an honorable mention at least.
With all respect to Dark Sakura and for putting that on the list originally, in my world,
I hate talking about him.
Totally.
I don't want that anymore.
I don't like that being anywhere near the top stories just because I feel like the more
we talk about him, the more strength he gains.
But he has no strength to begin with.
He has no legal power anymore.
True, true, but he just sucks.
There's still a story about him this week and I didn't even know he would have been
there.
Don't go away.
Yeah, he won't.
Make it stop.
People will keep talking about him.
Game politics, I'm looking at you, yeah?
Keep talking about him.
Besides that, obviously Final Fantasy 13 on the 360, that was the biggest.
That right there would have been the big summer surprise right there.
Funny how quickly we all forgot about that one, huh?
I think for me though, the reason why that missed my list is that's something I've kind
of come to expect at this point in the year, is that most things are on all the platforms
now.
I mean, you've kind of heard, I think Capcom.
It was unprecedented when it was announced.
It was almost like jaw-dropping that it came out of nowhere.
I think at some point during this year, Capcom came out and said, look, the only way we're
going to make our money back is to put our games out on all the platforms.
And ever since then, in my opinion, this news has not been as shocking.
But that's just me.
When Square dropped that bombshell over E3, that was a critical blow to the PS3's exclusivity.
The only thing they have now is Metal Gear Solid 4 and first-party exclusives.
So it pretty much gives people less of a reason to get a PS3 in the first place, since there's
no big-ticket games exclusive for their system, aside from the ones made by Sony themselves.
So it's like, why should I get Final Fantasy 13 when I could get it for my 360 easily and
rack up on the achievements and whatever other features they may have?
Because the controller sucks?
I don't know.
But yeah, you see the argument I'm trying to make, right?
No, I do.
I do.
It was huge.
It was huge.
And Hitstun agrees with you in chat.
The FF13 announcement was the top story of the year, no doubt.
Where I could pull it off in terms of making that 360 version on the same level as the
PS3, then they'll be raking in shitloads of money because of the tens of millions of users
that make up the 360's install base.
So it's like, in that way, they see a bigger picture in terms of how much money they're
willing to make.
Everything else, every loyalty be damned.
Yeah.
All right, well, Zaku, any other quick thoughts before I let you go and try to wrap up the
show?
Steam and their sale this week, please, please get Bioshock for five bucks.
You won't be disappointed.
Might as well go to Steam right now and just get your cheap-ass games.
All right.
I know all of us have the ability.
Let's go.
All right.
Let's go for Bioshock here before we close out the Skypline.
Zaku, have a good one.
Have a good one.
Have a good, you know, new year.
Happy new year.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
All right, we are going to try to wrap it up here and close up shop for the night.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
Remember, hey, if you like the show, please tell two people you know about Orange Lounge
Radio because word of mouth is really the biggest way for us to spread word about the
show.
So we would really, really appreciate that.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, your final thought for this last OLR of 2008.
Reject false icons.
Mm, well said.
Loki, PayPal is awesome to dump these stupid little gift cards that I have left with like
five dollars on each one of them and I can't really spend them in one place.
It says donate the money to myself.
Nice.
How did you donate money to yourself?
I created a donate link for myself and paid a credit card.
Nice.
Arkadian42, Bradley, whatever your name is, what, no, thank you for being here.
And what is your final thought?
My new year's resolution to play the games I bought this year.
All right.
Me too.
My final thought for this, the last show of 2008.
Kids, your pancreas is a much more important organ than you might have thought before.
Just so you know.
All right.
That's going to do it.
Thank you guys once again for supporting us throughout 2008.
Will you come back and do it again in 2009?
Maybe.
Sure.
What the hell.
All right.
See you next year.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
