Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Moloto
Tonight, December 21st, 2008, many game companies lay off their employees this holiday season.
LittleBigPlanet gets some big updates, and has a recent Xbox Live Arcade game been ported to the 8-bit Nintendo?
Orange Lounge Radio
Happy Holidays, y'all. Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me, as always, say hello to Dark Santa, Jamie Summers.
What?
DarkSakura, of course. How you doing?
I am. I'm doing, um, crampy.
Ho, ho, ho.
Bop fucking hump.
Try having cramps around Christmas, you'll curse your uterus.
Did Santa bring you cramps for Christmas?
That and a migraine.
Maybe you were a bad girl.
Fuck, I was. I'd rather have coal, because then I could light it on fire and be warm.
Say hello as well to the one and only, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
One of Santa's elves. Joining us to North Pole.
Yes.
That's correct.
Highly accurate.
How are you this week?
I'm doing fine.
Anything exciting planned for the holidays?
Um, yes.
All right, then. Can you tell us about it?
Well, I will in just a minute.
Oh, well, okay then.
Well, you should already know what it is, but, like, there's lots of stuff leading up to that.
Well, sometimes I play stupid for the sake of the listeners.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It gets you to retell the story, even though you might have already told me.
Sometimes I don't know when you're pretending.
Radio magic. Radio magic.
There's commentary in the chat room, Rob, about you saying y'all.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com. Do they not like the y'all? Am I not allowed to say that because I'm from NorCal?
You didn't say it right.
Oh, what was I supposed to say?
Y'all.
Y'all.
Or, depending on certain parts, Ewins.
Ewins?
Yep.
All right.
And Jayrod in chat wants to point out, my girlfriend also has cramps. Coincidence or evil plot?
We're here to make your Christmas suffer, you know, a little bit.
Could it be a conspiracy? Are all the gamer chicks on one big cycle? That's what I want to know.
And only unless we've all been hanging out in the same room for at least two months.
Did you know, Rob, here's your unwanted education.
Oh, lordy.
That if you get women living in the same place for long enough, their cycles will align.
No, I've heard it. That's why I was making the joke.
That all the gaming girls, you know, somehow via Xbox Live, I don't know, have all gotten on the same cycle.
Man, I'm a suck in college.
Yeah, actually, because-
Like, everybody hide, it's the two-
No, it was actually true for my dorm.
I could bet.
Because I had a suite. So me, my roommate, and our suite mate were all like, chocolate wine, now.
Of course, we were poor, so it was, you know, Strawberry Hill or Apple Wine.
Mad Dog?
Yeah, yeah.
We at least had the taste to get the tasty Boon's Farm stuff.
Nice.
And Everclear.
Alright.
Because it was Alabama, and you could get Everclear.
Alright.
Anyhow, look, we're going to get into How Was Your Gaming Week, because we always start off the show.
Not How Was Your Vagina, but How Was Your Gaming Week, Dark Sakura.
How Was Your Vag- Gaming Week.
I played Vagina Wars.
No kidding.
Um, what?
Nothing.
Um, I actually turned on my DS and then turned it right off when I got a phone call and forgot to play again.
I played some Ragnarok, because I'm still playing.
Ooh.
And I've decided that I might actually go back to World of Warcraft for just a little bit, just to see what the new expansion's like.
But I really don't think I'll stick with it.
It's more of a, huh, why not, while I'm waiting for the Star Trek MMO.
I'm going to warn you, if you're not at least level 55 in World of Warcraft, you won't see anything in the new expansion.
It's all endgame content and a new class.
That's it.
So, sadly, there won't be a lot there for you.
I want to play a Draenei.
Draenei's are fun.
And name her, um, I don't know, I had a name I was going to name her, but I forgot.
Because the Draenei women talk like Natasha from Rocky and Bewinkle.
Boris, look, he's moose and squirrel.
He's fearless leader, darling.
I guess that would suit.
But, um, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
What?
I, um, I am going to, in the next week, download Shoei Nikki.
Oh, I know what else it was.
I actually sat and watched a playthrough of Abadox.
And how was that?
Just as shitty as I remember.
God, that game's hella old isn't it?
It's old and hard, and I love that game, but it is kind of a crap game.
Cuz it's like that's from Gradius huh, that's from life force hmm. That's from Gradius hmm. That's from life force
The one unique thing about it was the down scrolling levels
That was kind of as opposed to up scrolling from life force exactly there you go
Loki how was your gaming week?
I played more Grand Theft Auto on PC
and
I've actually started tweaking some stuff now because they've made it a little bit easier for you to actually edit stuff in the game
You just kind of have to know what you're doing. It's a little bit like the cheat device was on
The Grand Theft Auto's on PSP similar type of stuff
You know you have a file that you edit some of the amounts with actually it's a lot easier on the PC version because everything's
labeled for you, so I made a
Pistol that would catch a cop car and fire in one shot, and that was funny
But just some of that stuff then the game crashed because I shot too many cars and caught him on fire
Apparently didn't like that much fire at one time
But it's kind of like finding a balance you know between
Crazy shit and between fuego and non yeah well see my next thing
I want to do is because you can make your gunfire have so much kickback to it like if you shoot somebody
It'll knock them over or you can make them like fly away and that type of stuff, so I want to do that
But I also want to have the trainer where I have infinite health so I can basically you know catapult myself with rockets
You know across the map that might be fun, so
You know eventually I'll do that, but there aren't that many mods out there for right now. There's like a drifting mod
a mod that changes the car names to I guess realistic cars and then
You know the rocket pistol thing which I was trying to do that myself and the first time it
Glitched it out where I actually couldn't select that pistol anymore
But then I figured out what I was doing wrong, and I don't know it's just not quite to where I need it to be yet
But soon it will be and then of course you know more Grand Theft Auto 4
multiplayer at work
and that's still fun and
Other than Grand Theft Auto I've been playing
Dissida the new Final Fantasy fighting game and it's
awesome
You know it's kind of really cool because it's one of those games like you purchase it
And then they have the prologue video, and it's like
Listen, I know you're a fan of Final Fantasy, and I want to assure you that this was an excellent choice
And then they kick your ass with a really awesome intro video, and then the game itself is pretty fun
It's a little hard for me to play because I don't understand Japanese so the game rapes you, but consensually
In a gentle way that you appreciate it. It's gentle rape. All right. It's just like it's like oh my god
This is awesome. That can't be rape if you're willing
So just say that's like a roleplay thing. Maybe it's a bit of a
Sadism I see it would be like a hot chick all of a sudden getting naked and thrusting herself upon you
But like see you're at first you're kind of like whoa what's going on here, but then you just go with it
So yeah, it's I wouldn't know I haven't had that happen
But no, it's it's really really awesome. It really kind of disappoints me though that they haven't brought. I wish they would make this I
Put it on like the ps3 or something like that and then also expand upon it because you know this is as basically fighting
That's all it is they have a little bit of cutscenes and stuff like that
But there's no actual like you know role-playing running around that kind of stuff
But they kept the fighting system in here and like say did a Kingdom Hearts type of thing where you have all the different characters
from the different games
They could really have a kick-ass game on their hands, but you know this is that itself is gonna be really awesome
So DJ Dark Knight in chat at chat.org.com jokes. This is a aka or guys, too
No, it's not even close to urgots. No way. That's not it's not even
remotely close
But boy does it have a funky name just like you know square likes to really give their game some funky names
It does, but it's awesome. It really is awesome
I got the fight garland that was really cool, and it has it broken up by each game
So like I'm starting off with Final Fantasy 1 and so I'm playing the warrior of light
I guess or something and then I fought garland for the first level there and
Is the Warriors name AAA?
No, they has no name. It's just the warrior of light or poop. It's my cartridge. No. It's not poop
But it's cool
Look as you level up the characters they level up and all the other levels that they appear in as well
So I think I did have a party in Final Fantasy because I'm this mature. I think it was ass assy, but and poop I
Think the last time when we played it on because I have the
The WonderSwan one in Japanese. I actually sat down and tried to figure out the names to put in it in
Katakana, so we had Dan, Jamie
Dan made Eric for some reason one of his buddies who's kind of not all that all that bright
And I don't remember who we named the last one
My Chrono Trigger cartridge actually still has my friend save on it. It has me and there's Luca
But seriously though like, you know, not to interrupt or anything
This game could be like Kingdom Hearts, but without
You know the Disney characters
I mean if they for whatever reason lost the Disney license
They could easily do something like that with these characters and just some massive scale and it would be so much awesome
I want to point these
Observations out in the chat room shower and says did garland say I garland shall knock you out all down
And that was said at the exact same time as game grew asking to garland knock you all down
I don't know. It's in Japanese, so I can't read that but maybe he did in
Japanese I don't know
Alrighty then anything else you've been playing this week
Animal crossing played a little more animal crossing. I don't know why I'm still playing animal cross
I need to come visit Nellie's village. I know well the thing is I tried
you
Know I don't understand this you apparently you have to talk to some idiot in the town to get a friend code
What the fuck the guy at the gate?
All the last versions, too, okay, that's great
But why the hell do I have to talk to somebody you have a friend codes assigned to the game?
It's stupid that way it connects to Nintendo Wi-Fi
The first time I can extend it also is different per player
Yeah, yeah, and so yeah what you want you get it from Nintendo Wi-Fi
Then you can access it whenever in the game, so you just have to do it that one time
I'm fine, so I have to do that, but yeah, I haven't gone around to that yet. I
Will them awesome all right well then my gaming week
I played a little bit of Animal Crossing, but not a lot
I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff honestly it was a lot of the same stuff
I've talked about in previous weeks Prince of Persia
World of Warcraft
And the only new game I really checked out this week was a dash
What's so damn funny over there dark Sakura? I hear her giggling. I was looking at uncyclopedia about lavas
This is full name lavas big-ass porcupine from hell Thompson Smith
Uncyclopedia is so string is also a picture of one of the little aliens bursting out of someone's stomach
Is this picture taken by hospital staff one minute after lavas was born cute little scamp wasn't he I?
Think somebody in chats that made a lavas joke something about oh Dan shadow says you think that's fun try playing chrono trigger and name
everyone lavas
And I don't know what that's supposed to do all right anyway um the only new game
I played this week was the free game. I love free games, and there was a free game to hit Xbox live this week
I don't know if y'all remember, but it's Doritos dash of destruction
Which was I think it was like I think it's an XNA game that somebody made or it was like concept forget one some type
Of contest. I don't know if it was next
I read it was a like try to come up with a concept for a game, and then they made a Doritos game
Yeah, which which actually kind of worked out because it does it doesn't like overdo it with the Doritos like doesn't beat the Doritos
Thing into you like you know obviously it's there, and there's definitely the product placement
But the game is so random like it otherwise really has nothing to do with tortilla chips or whatever you want to call Doritos
They you basically you can play as a truck or you drive around the town trying to deliver Doritos
But you know whatever it could be anything and or you can play a t-rex and chase said trucks
So it's kind of an interesting little cat-and-mouse
Concept and I gotta say you know it's better than yours as far as free games
Go is this something I would have paid money for
Probably not maybe
$5 maybe
But you know it's a cute little cat-and-mouse thing going on where you can you know play the truck trying to deliveries or you?
Can go and out try to eat the trucks, and you know that made it kind of fun
But I don't think it's anything it's gonna have like a lasting value to it
You know a lot of the levels kind of look the same plus you just would
Unexplainably get these power-ups that didn't seem to do a whole lot of anything
And the game it was handing out achievements like candy like it was really one of those games
It was like push start you got an achievement for pushing start
You know like that's how it kind of felt to me, but you know I'm sure the achievement whores will enjoy that
But it was you know again for free. It's really hard to complain
It is probably actually you know considering the free games. I can think of on Xbox live. We had what Yaris we had
a
Totem ball we had the shooter game Aegis wing that was that was pretty cool, too
I put this on about the same level so it's it's a it's a decent free game
Because considering it was product placement and my expectations were very very low
There's also it wasn't bad this hold them. Oh, yeah, Texas hold them was free for a little while
Yeah, that's true, but now it's not so that was more of a limited time for you
Yeah, you know what else is not free hmm apparently if you delete your copy of
Hexic HD mm-hmm you have to pay $10 to get it back really yeah, I didn't know that
I actually transferred hard drives this week
I finally got 120 gig hard drive
And did the transfer and it kind of freaked me out because when I did the transfer it said some files were corrupt and could
Not be transferred. I'm like shit. What did I lose? I haven't figured out what I've lost yet, so your marbles
Well besides that I mean like what on the Xbox 360 day. I lose. I hope it wasn't any of the rock band tracks
I'm just not gonna notice. They're gone, or if it was like hopefully it was one of like the crappy ones
We can always redownload them. That's true. What about the original rock band song so
You'd have to redownload them unless you sold them hmm if you sold it back
Then you're kind of screwed there. I did actually never did so I still know people who still have
I haven't checked I haven't checked to see what got corrupted
But I haven't played rock bands since the transfer so I would I know that was probably the largest chunk of my old hard drive
Was rock band songs because I have a lot of rock band songs
You know because I have the rock band one exported the entire no doubt album and just like at least
20 download songs on top of that so pretty crazy. Well. I finally bought a
Hard drive transfer thing that's not
part of Microsoft's
You know transfer kit. It's actually something to dump files to your hard drive and that kind of stuff
To get well on top of you know
potential modding things
To basically move the two popcap game saves that pop cap for some reason said no you can't transfer to us
You know a memory unit. We're gonna be dicks about that, and then yeah, I love how on Twitter. They're like oh, yeah
We're looking into that
We're looking into I saw you got a response though that was basically they couldn't figure it out
No, the response was like you have to redownload the game like what the fuck does it have to do with my save file stupid
not like
Transferring the game talking about the save file well wait a minute though like I theorized a couple weeks ago in this first came up
Maybe this is something that was kind of out of their control like you know
They it's not out of their control all the other games before and after them have allowed me to move the save files
To a memory unit and you know move it to another hard drive
You know you may not be able to copy them to other you know profiles
I understand that that makes perfect sense, but not being able to move it at all. That's retarded
You know what else did that hexick HD won't let you move this thing so screw you
Microsoft and screw you popcap that's right, though. I'm gonna do it anyways. I will find a way
I know we have people from popcap that listen, so I I hope well
That's why it does not go on both, but you'll do and Zuma
For whatever reason your stupid save files won't move not the game the game is fine because I can delete it download it move
It whatever I need to do, but the save files will not move
And I'm assuming this is a big crisis in your house because Zuma is like no
It's not a big crisis, but it's annoying because if you know my wife principle of the thing yes
We put in a lot of time to you know Bejeweled 2 which I might add there the achievements are
damn near impossible to get but you know for whatever reason we put in a lot of time into it and
Especially Zuma. Zuma gets pretty hard too, and at least that I can get some achievements in but Bejeweled 2 is a bitch
But yeah, I don't want to lose all my progress in that you know it's a game
I don't care if it's a crappy game. It's still progress, and I don't want to lose it
But in the fact that you know I can understand hexick because they want you to buy the hard drives and that kind of stuff
I mean whatever, but the save files is just these two games
That won't let me transfer them everything else works like everything. I got all that stuff moved over and took forever, but it worked
But these two save files are just I don't know so I'm gonna try moving them with this one program that I got and
If that doesn't work, then I give up, so
Sj100 Matt wants to point out now if Nellie lost her excite truck save file, then shit would hit the fan yes
But it might give her another reason to play it again
I do want to say this is Matt brought up PopCap
I did play the new Bejeweled thing on Facebook
They have like a Bejeweled tournament thing on Facebook
Where you get like a minute to get as many points as you can and right now
I'm on the top of the leaderboard at least of my friends list because you can't see everybody you can see your friends list I got
55,000 in one minute I got really lucky with the chains
That's all I can say but I thought that was kind of cute that they put that on Facebook, so
Anyhow um so anything else for gaming weeks around anybody?
I played rock band like the first one yeah
Cuz that's what Julie got and I have to say I've forgotten how much I hate the rock band guitars
But now I remember cuz it was forced upon me, and I hate them. Why is that they're flimsy?
they may be better for strumming, but they most the time the keys stick on both of them and
They wouldn't sync properly for the wireless one, and it was just a pain in the ass and next time
I go over there is I'm bringing my guitar hero controllers
All right watch a lot of net stuff. I know isn't the Netflix thing on 360 great
I watched a documentary this week because now Netflix
No, Netflix got smart, and they added an HD category on their watch instantly things
I was looking at HD movies, and I watched a documentary because I've been all about the obscure documentaries on Netflix
I don't know why but I watched an obscure documentary about
The people that dress up as superheroes on Hollywood Boulevard and post for pictures
I care ethics called confessions of a superhero was the name of the movie and
It was interesting it was interesting seeing the reasons
Why people did it some did it because they were like obsessed with their character some people did it just another job some people did
It because they have issues a lot of issues Rob
I want to come over and watch documentaries with you now that I don't have school. It's fun
I said I have work. That's a sad thing. I have work, but not every day work. Yeah, I know
I'm gonna come come watch documentaries with you all right. Well. It's fun. Well a documentary night
We'll try to see who can find the most obscure document
There are some obscure documentaries on Netflix documentaries. I got a screener copy of
Eathletes uh-huh which if I remember correctly. I think that's the
Film that Scott Rubin actually did some of the shooting for it's about those two counter-strike teams
And they came to El Dorado Hills to do part of the tournament there
And he was filming a second unit or whatever on that that was kind of neat
Hmm, I don't haven't gotten a chance to watch it yet though tiger law points out. Yeah confessions of a superhero
I believe all games interactive interviewed the chick that plays Wonder Woman on it, and it may set suma back set up
You know I I did I was not aware of that
I kind of fell out of the loop of AGI just because they were putting out so many shows a week
And I couldn't listen to him because I had to teach all day
But the chick that played Wonder Woman was probably the most normal out of everybody in the movie
Absolutely she had some marital problems, but she seemed the most
Stable I mean no quote unquote normal out of anybody there was so she didn't to me
She didn't look a lot like Wonder Woman
Maybe yeah, maybe that sounds cruel, but I just I just didn't see the little her costume was decent
But I just didn't see like she did not look at like Wonder Woman as much as Batman looked like Batman or Superman
Look like Superman. There's only one only one Wonder Woman ever and
She was in the 70s, and she was freaking fantastic, and I really enjoyed seeing her in sky-high
Is you gonna say something lucky no
I thought it's I thought I've actually seen part of that show or Linda something that had to do with those people that were on
Hollywood Boulevard you might hostile one in chat says I've seen that doc they even said that people
Were protective like I'm the only one who can play Superman on this block
Yeah, perhaps I
Don't know. I don't remember
They didn't really get into the inner politics
But I thought it was really funny because like people like they like it was this big change when Elmo got arrested
And they showed the news stories like Elmo and mr.. Incredible got busted on Hollywood Boulevard this week
They joined the Cookie Monster in the interest for the way. They were harassing tourists or something like that. This is it was interesting
It's just funny to hear the news. I want some money for drugs give Elmo money
It was just funny to hear about Elmo getting arrested. I don't know why I'm easily amused all right look
Let's move on with the show talking about housekeeping tonight
If you were wondering there will be a show next week
There is still a show next week the holidays will not be getting in the way same bat time same bat channel although
Bobby the man who does the show before us is doing his annual year-end special
Next week, and he's gonna have some guests on his show and all that fun stuff
He might be starting a little early, and we might let him run a little late
To help our yeah, maybe details a little just a little
So we'll see but that means that means it made me realize that means next week is our year-end show I
Wasn't even thinking about it, but yeah next week's the year-end show can you believe it?
Yes, because it comes the same time every year. Yeah, and in there will be no show on the week of
January
11th there is no show. I'm gonna be in Hawaii. I will not be here the weekend of the 31st what cuz I'm going to Disneyland
presents
Yeah, I should do we should do our gift exchange. I may go okay
I feel bad though cuz I didn't get gifts today, but I'm doing anywhere. I am doing something different and experimental this year
for Christmas
I already gave you party ears are I know I was gonna say I thought Prince of Persia was my gift well
No, not Prince of Persia Animal Crossing. Oh, that's right. That's you
Yeah, you've already got me a gift Loki yeah, but this is cool though
I saw this episode and I had to get it for you cuz yeah gifts. Sorry
We don't have a camera tonight this sucks for TV all right
Mmm. Thank you
Don't worry it's done. We will not cut off the Bobby Black Wolf show if they go it a little long
We'll deal open sure that'd be funny open open all right. I'm opening
opening mine
All right, I'm opening Matt's gift first, and it's plastic so it's Star Trek something
cool
There's Star Trek Pez dispensers. That is all kinds of rad look at that
That's like the entire original cast and the enterprise as a Pez dispenser
It's supposed to be limited, but I don't know that is friggin amazing
And most importantly I want to point out
Sulu George Takei does have his own Pez to censor. What'd you get there Sarah Ragnarok? Yes? Hi, dude?
awesome
Very nice
Actually I was because the artwork is a different style, and so I wasn't looking at the character designs I was reading
Raghu no, I was like oh shit cuz I read like an illiterate
You know child very nice Japanese. I gave Rob sparklies. We owe him. I'm opening it right now
Oh, there's glitter and glitter and more glitter oh
My god this is awesome
Dude it's like oh, it's all I've seen this in the store before it's the pressure luck DVD
Game play at home edition awesome, and now I was gonna get you prices right, but it didn't think you like Drew Carey so much
He's all right, and so it didn't have Bob Barker, or you know dude, dude, but pressure luck is epic
It's old school. That's amazing sure that's amazing
Well, it does have the new host, but it's the other one died. You know yeah has old whammy that is amazing
That's cool. We're gonna play a DVD game or something. Yeah, I want to check that out the box yep
I
Got I got I got
Took to your present. Okay. I couldn't think of what I want to read the card to so I try to use in these full
That's fine. I appreciate it there you go
That's pretty cool. They're up
Yes, I don't know what that book is I didn't want to open it
You know so I don't know if that's the manual or like an art book or something that they threw in
I'm gonna open it right now
But I figured you know
Ragnarok
DJ dark night brought up something about the prices right there reminded me
Did you see the in chat room?
Did you see the talk about the guy on the price is right that nailed the showcase on the head the manual?
Yeah, I was joking about how I think that's that's a giant conspiracy
There's more in my life journal
Hitstun says does Ragnarok DS. Have any sort of online play. I think it's a few players like local
This is fantastic because you um you do your attacks and spell casting
by
stylus control
All right
Well, what a happy holiday. We have here on orange launch radio this week
Except for me. I'm a Grinch because I didn't fucking give out
Well, I'm I'm doing something different this year
It has this the skill trees in here
I just didn't want to forget these all in my house, and I started to get into the point now where I'm like
Whose gift is that whose gift is that? Oh crap? I gotta get rid of these nice
All right, whoo
Now that we are all bit. We've all been there's classes that are just for the um DS
We're gonna hear a little tidbits about Ragnarok DS all night long
There's a dark night. Yeah, if I DJ dark night and chat says Jamie wishes she could bring her online character to the DS game
Quite possibly my characters are like over a hundred and twenty something right now
So because I'm playing on private server. Yeah, I was gonna say plus you play on bootleg servers
So I don't think that would be a dark night's fucking hot. I like J-roz star trek peso spencer
What a thoughtful way to carry around your ecstasy
That's amazing
That's amazing
That's amazing. No. I love the star trek peso dispensers. That's great
You know I haven't really been like super into peso collecting in a while, but I still think stuff like this is so awesome
Especially the fact that it's all of them like you didn't have to buy each one individually wow it's limited edition, too
What a cool. Yeah, I saw that they have those at a cost plus
That is so rad. I was like dude. I kind of picked this up for Rob. That's amazing
Yeah, I thought about getting another imagine game this year for the DS
But I figured actually giving you something useful instead of you know
I'm putting pictures up in a second sweet all right, so anyway is that going on your Twitter all right?
Well, I'll link the picture in the chat room because my Twitter is blocked from almost everybody so oh you could log into the olr one
If you want all right, uh let's let's move on and get into some gaming news
You know that we're past past the holiday stuff listening now
We're gonna go some from such happy joyous wonderful news to not so great news tonight
Not so great news tonight, and I want you to listen to the first stories in tonight's
Show and see if they all have something in common because it's kind of sad actually it's kind of a bummer
We have to follow up such a positive stuff with this
Factor 5 has closed its doors the developer known for such games as lair
And some better games as star wars broke squadron and even like turrican series
Um and apparently they were being rumored to be working on the new kid Icarus and Superman games
But they have closed their superman 128. It's the curse of spider-man. I'm sorry. It's superman. I tell you it's just it's a new
Superman not tiny of the movie, but
So they have closed their doors, and it was supposedly confirmed by Matt Casamani
from IgM who had I believe
received an email from
Julian at Factor 5 says hi Matt. How have you been?
Wanted to contact you with some late-breaking news
We just learned inside sources that developer Factor 5 has officially closed the doors as of today
That's some pretty big news considering that those guys have been around for quite a while
It's definitely a real shame, and I hope this information is helpful to you
Do you know who we have to blame for this lair?
No, Ronald Regan. Why? Reganomics
Seriously, that's what caused um, that's one of the big contributors to our financial crisis right now
Well, perhaps it continues on in these other stories we're getting into such as about electronic arts
Electronic arts had to cut
1,000 jobs and closed like nine different publishing locations including one of them called black box studio
This is in addition to when they already laid off six percent of their staff back in October
So now it's just been basically an increase to a ten percent reduction overall. It was 1,000 employees
That are all being phased out by March 31st
So well, I guess hooray that some get to keep their jobs through the holidays, but still
Blackbox studio in Vancouver is going to be merged with the EA studio in nearby Burnaby
Wow, so this is going to save the company 120 million annually
But costing them about 60 million in restructuring charges while this goes on
Kind of a bummer for those folks that got laid off. Sorry to hear about I had some friends that worked at EA
I have no idea, you know, they're not people I talk to every day
So, I don't know if anybody I know isn't affected by this but still
My thoughts are with you guys. This is this is very unfortunate
Well, um, there actually is a going for midway to the rumor was that they were going to be laying out
Laying out laying off, um around 160 people from the Chicago studio for the most part because of financial issues
The official word is that they're laying 25 percent off of its workforce. So that's about 180 people
130 people from Chicago and 45 from Austin
The Austin operation itself has closed and then there's supposed to be some other
Games that were unannounced that are being suspended. So they're just trying to uh,
I guess mitigate, you know, whatever the costs are apparently the Mortal Kombat team is safe. We can all sleep
Easy, I think
Whatever. It's just crap
And
Even more upsetting for me
Free Radical has closed shop. Um, apparently their doors were locked and all the employees were locked out
While the company was having some final meetings deciding what the fate of the company was going to be
Of course Free Radical is known for the
Kind of a failure ps3 game haze but better known for their time splitter series as well as um,
Remember to be working on Star Wars Battlefront II
They were working on TimeSplitters IV. Um, so that kind of sucks
but um
The good news is though is they may not be out of work for long. Apparently some other companies are looking to
Purchase Free Radical and kind of absorb them into their
You know
Developing firms. So that's kind of good because I want to see TimeSplitters IV. It was kind of neat since they were
You know
Looking for new jobs. Some of the people are working on different art. We're releasing assets for TimeSplitters IV and oh man, it looked awesome
Also if that doesn't work out, the founder of Free Radical is setting up a new studio called Pumpkin Beach
And right now he's got 20 former
Free Radical developers and um,
You know, there's going to be that seems like a lot of development for just a week. Did this all happen this week?
Yeah, wow. Yeah. Um, so I guess
The guess will the the new studio had been formed a few months before this whole
I guess
Um, I guess, uh, the thing happened. So, you know, this was
You know working out before everything. Maybe he kind of figured that this was going to happen anyways, and so kind of a
precautionary measure but um
That's what I'm wondering if this guy didn't kind of see the writing on the wall
Maybe but um, yeah, hopefully some way or another that TimeSplitters IV comes out. That's really all that i'm concerned about
You know that and that these people have jobs, but mainly TimeSplitters IV
GameGuru in chat says this is what happens when you don't support the console that won. That's the Wii my friends
Oh, but wait a minute. Look at EA. They just laid off a bunch of people. They they've been big supporters of the Wii, right?
They've been sort of, yeah.
GameGuru says the economic crisis just accelerated the problem. I can't really say Free Radical
Wasn't supporting, you know, the Wii. They've only made one game since the new consoles have come out, you know, Haze, so
That's not really fair
Well, another company is seem to be cutting back on staff. It's uh,
I'm sorry, Asper is the name of the company and they are based out of Austin
They're probably most known for some of their porting work
They ported Call of Duty 4 and Sims 2 to the PC and the Mac respectively. They got hit with layoffs this week
They got hit with layoffs this week more than a dozen temporary full-time employees were laid off as well as some other regular employees
More layoffs are expected and the company also shut down internal servers
Also some other stuff they did Guitar Hero 3 they did that port
Wow, so, uh, no, uh comments out of Asper that I should note though that that story was just a rumor status only
Um, however, it unfortunately would not be surprising considering all the other news we're hearing this week
well
It's not really just those we've got
more
turbine
is um
going to be uh
cutting jobs
according to uh
What they're saying is that they are actually going to be um, they didn't say how many but the quote says as part of this transition
Some of our talented colleagues will not be with us going forward
So ouch yeah, in other words are like oh fuck bye
Really
So let me point out that's one two three four five six companies in one week
That have all done some type of layoffs right before Christmas right before the holidays assholes
Although granted some of them have uh, you know our um, like ea was transitioning them out on march 31st or whatever
But some of them just came to work and found that the doors and windows were all locked
Which is I don't know kind of messed up. It's it's just sad. I mean that reminds me of when dan got laid off in the money store
Really? Is that what happened similar? They just went in found a bunch of people walking out with stuff
And so they're like, um, just pack your desks and go
wow
My gosh, they bribed us to stay
um
Here's my question. Is this going to continue? I mean this was six in a week
Are we gonna see more throughout the next few weeks or what's gonna happen? Blame Reagan blame Bush
I I who's next blame the Republicans. Well, wait a minute though. Let's not get too political here
Seriously if you look at it historically the reason why you're wearing all this financial shit is because of
of reagan's whole reaganomics crap and the fact that you know people have decided just to
You know screw us over instead of you know, putting money back into the economy where it goes
You know, we're spending money on a war. We didn't need to spend you know money on
And all this other bullshit
It just should have looked out what the country needs and go for the best thing and now as a result
We're seeing and it's not just this there's other companies like I went to uh old fulsome
Today and I say yesterday and at least a third of the old shops there were either closed or going out of business
The coffee place I go to they close down without a word
It's just you're seeing more and more businesses closing down. It's not just in the video game industry
Regardless of you know, whatever path we took to get here. How are we gonna get out?
I guess would be my question is I mean is the end in sight are we gonna get out of this anytime soon?
What's it gonna take? I mean, do we just need to buy more video games or what?
Well, it's a lot more complex than that. I mean a lot of it is going to be consumers, you know having more faith
In the industries and you know putting their money into product
But um, it's also going to mean that to be able to put money into the purchase of products
There need to be the jobs available. So it's very much right now a catch-22 damn if you do damn if you don't
It's it's really gonna take
I think the companies being able to be in a financial position to where they can start hiring again
And start putting out more product so that these people who now have fresh incomes can go out and put their money back into the the
Money flow. Oh, we'll see what happens in 2009. Hopefully it won't be much longer. We'll see though
Moving on um, you know all this news makes us very sad and upset and angry that all these uh,
Great game studios are just closing their way on well some not so great, but they're all closing their doors
Uh, it just stinks the whole thing stinks. And so we uh dedicate the fus of the week to uh,
Those without a job this week
Is that a job this week my first fu goes towards my girl bits for hurting me and causing you pain
Therefore I have to turn around and hurt other people and cause them pain
Because they don't have to endure this type of thing. So we have to share it with them somehow
Um, also, um an fu goes um on behalf of one of my friends who didn't necessarily say this herself
But i'm passing it on for her
Um to uh the lack of uh proper transplants for her dad
um, she is a really good friend of mine from college and I hope that her dad gets uh, the liver and
other organs he needs soon because
He really really needs it
And um, my my final fu goes again towards the bullshit that um, bush is pulling
In you know in his last few days god, I can't wait till he's gone
Loki
Um fu to rude people at the stores, especially this time of year
Uh, there was some lady in front of us when we were trying to buy some
You know gifts and first off she's taking forever with her transaction
And kept wanting to you know, do idle chit chat and then when she was done
Uh, she sat there and started packing her crap into her purse for a good like three or four minutes
We're still waiting there trying to like get our shit done like the checkers already, you know running ourselves by and you know
She's just sitting there going, you know, trying to talk to the person stuff
I was like get the fuck out of my way you stupid whore
So a few rude people and then there's a ton of people can't drive correctly, especially now in the rain. So
Screw them, too
um, my a few of the week goes to the fact that i'm
Feeling pains in my side and I don't know if i'm just imagining it or if it's something weird happening again or what have you
I'll try to go to the doctor. Maybe it is my uterus. I don't know but you know
I don't know like I just get freaked out. It's been a hell of a year. I just want 2008 to go die in a fire
First of all, I would like to uh, tell the entire chat room
Don't wish assassination, you know, that's you're wishing murder on somebody however complete incapacitation of both bush and cheney
Would be fantastic if someone were to do that because that would put flossie in charge until obama takes over she is a speaker of the house
All right. I want to know uh, and my other a few goes to uh, selfish people
That's it
All right, in uh early 2009, we'll be receiving a brand new game
From the creator of such wonderful games as katamari damasi and all the other sequels. Um,
Takahashi, um is releasing nobi nobi boy on the playstation network and
They had a few videos that came out this week for it and I still don't know what the hell this game's about
It's like you're this stretchy thing that
Tries to hook a bunch of things up with your body and I don't know what exactly that's supposed to be for
But apparently, uh, you can stretch your body
You can devour things
I'm not really sure what exactly you do, but it's supposed to be coming out in japan
on january 29th for 800 yen
And uh the us probably around the same time so early 2009
But man, this game is weird and it's not like that trailer that we saw. It's not 2d at all. It's just
Weird well, you know, we did say that katamari damashi was weird, right?
Yeah, but this looks really weird like even like katamari. I you know, you could watch a trailer and get it
You know, you just oh you roll over things and your ball gets bigger this is like it's giant tube thing eating things and
Tying things up with its body
I don't get what the point is. That sounds fantastic. It's like
Bizarro snake it is like a bizarro snake. It's like, you know, everyone's like all happy and stuff and he starts eating people
And it's like oh my god. This isn't good at all eating people is great
Nom nom nom. Nobby. Nobby's made of people. It's good
Hey little big planet got some updates this week. You got two patches back to back 1.06 and 1.07
1.06 now it uh, it upgraded the moderation feature of the game, which a lot of people would say was badly needed
Now your unpublished levels can be edited by creators. They will not be erased for Evers and believe it or not
You'll now get an explanation when your level is moderated. Tadaa!
Finally after all that bitching and moaning some updates to the moderation
1.07 was also a good one. It was a good one. It was a good one. It was a good one
1.07 was also released like almost back-to-back this week and now you can actually find user-created levels a lot easier
Apparently the cool levels has a different algorithm. So it's not just a bunch of trophy whoring levels anymore
Which is kind of cool. I actually went in there and looked and it actually
It was some different stuff in there, which is kind of cool. And now they've also added the little big store
Kind of like how they added the store and rock band a little later on
Well now they have a another world that you go into. Well, it's it's still earth
but it shows the little pictures of little suits and other things that you have yet to buy and
Confirms which stuff you have already purchased for the game. So that's kind of cool and also very cool
You know, they I know a medium molecule and Sony in general took a lot of shit for the moderation
It's nice that they are making attempts to fix it. Thank you
What?
This is just what?
What?
I clicked on the link in the chat room. Uh-huh that was
Uh posted by tiger claw, uh, which I think we're covering later in the show. Okay, then never mind. Yeah
That's what I get
Well, how about some different news about sing star?
they're doing wireless microphones that will be out next year and um
They're uh
Actually, uh saying that there's going to be a hundred uh trial packs also
available to
Uh, I guess just a number of different sing star
followers on their myspace
But the packs are going to be two wireless microphones usb receiver
a mini b usb cable and four double a batteries
so
Like I want one for sing star abba, which by the way
There is now a sing star abba theme in the playstation network store that you can download for your ps3
What that you I don't know we know it all yet, but you know, it's coming out next year
What here that's coming out also in europe or may have already come out what sing star queen?
Oh cool. I heard about things. I heard there was there was a queen one coming out
I'm, totally gonna buy that in the us now. Awesome
That is exciting because queen is all sorts of awesome queen is very awesome
Oh, it's gonna have the videos and everything. I bet huh? So rub. What is your favorite queen?
That's gonna be amazing. You know, I have to stick with the old um
uh, bohemian rhapsody, but
I do have a big love for bicycle
What about you matt?
Uh, bohemian rhapsody and no one or was it a no one wants to live forever. I think my favorites would be um
Um somebody to love that's my favorite of all time. And oh, that's a great song. My second is killer queen
These are all good songs. I can't wait for this game. That's gonna be amazing
You know, the only thing that would be better would be sing star journey, you know, I had to say it sing star heart
See now it would only be good. I think that these are just a queen pack for a rock band. So that'd be a lot better
Yeah
They do need to have sing star butt rock
That would be amazing. It's poison and motley crew
and uh
That would be sweet. Uh, and I have to have cinderella and dakken and night ranger
And night ranger
And dan yankees because of ted nugent well other things
Nugent everything's awesome. And also from sony, uh pots upon two is um out in japan right now
But it will be coming
to other regions in early 2009
february and probably north america and um
Yeah pot upon is actually pretty cool. I didn't get to play a lot of the game. I just kind of gave up on it
After a while, but it was fun
Definitely unique little game and you know, i'd like to see more in that crazy style
But i'd also like to see it like on other systems, you know, I don't want to have to always bring out the psp to play this
Port that shit because it'd look awesome on the ps3
Because it'd look awesome on the ps3 pata pata pata would it it was a very interesting little game
Rob i'm cold. It would be even better
a heater if the buttons um
Spelled out or sung out of damn yankees songs. That'd be great
I
Hate everything about your mother. That wasn't damn yankees. No, I oh i'm thinking that was ugly kid joe. I'm, sorry
I'm thinking uh high enough was damn yankees, wasn't it? Because it's fucking ted nugent
Ted nugent eats meat and shoots guns. I like this man
Uh, all right, I saw him on tv skinning a deer
Ted nugent's fucking hot
Uh, unfortunately won't be able to skin a deer a little big planet, but
You will get paint guns, which is kind of cool. I mean
I do have a challenge out there for you folks to make a level where you do skin a deer. You can probably do that
I have to actually I have to go back to ronma
Queens ryke is the shit
Although you misspelled it because queens the lead singer of queens ryke is a trained opera singer and he's just got this fantastic voice
Anyway, i'm sorry. That's right. I would like to see um sack boy's house of blood in um
Um in little big planet. I want to see some really I did disturbing levels one time and I I just never got around to
Actually trying to make anything in this game, but you know thought about it making a saw themed level
But you know, I couldn't figure out how I could
You know do that
I don't know. Well, maybe some of the new items in the metal gear solid pack will help you because yeah
They're getting paint guns
Um now apparently you're going to get a paintball gun that you can use to actually shoot down enemies and all this stuff
Apparently trophies are being added go figure like 11 trophies are being added in this pack
But here's what I don't understand about this is that I I was assuming that the metal gear solid thing was for users to create levels
But it is but so why?
Why then are there these new trophies because shouldn't I get to play it still if somebody else makes the level using it?
Or am I going to get locked out? Here's the thing
This level pack you're downloading you get
It's a level and then you get objects including this paintball gun from the plane that level and there's trophies tied in with
The few levels that are there basically the levels are to teach you how to use the paintball gun because
The paintball gun is going to allow you to make shooter games now
They're going to have objects that will detect how many hits with the paintball gun before they are destroyed
Also remember before how people were trying to create objects that like shot bullets and stuff
Well, now they have some sort of like energy blast things that come out of them. It's a new sort of like damaging object
That's going to be available and you'll get all those by playing through levels
So that's gonna be awesome then it that is a very major download
Instant purchase from me. I'm also well. I'm happy to hear the media molecule is doing some of this
Themselves because the levels they did were some of the best honestly they really really were it it was a very
They really really were it it looks really cool. I mean it if you watch the trailer for it very very cool looking
Yeah, I do watch the trailer. It looks very cute. I just didn't understand how it worked a little bit contra
Well now I understand well, hey now this is also kind of neat is that they're also getting some level packs not just for this
But they I guess this just came out this past week
Um, I don't remember seeing it on the store, but I didn't really look very hard
Um, the holiday pack is now apparently out. It was supposed to come out december 18th for 299
and uh, it's the festive level pack and it's supposed to contain two new costumes some new material new objects six new decorations
And tons and tons of tons of new stickers, but however, um with this pack levels themselves are not apparently included
So, but they just have the stickers though. Yeah
So I guess you put this in your own levels or what have you because you can create new, you know
Christmas tree looking things and you know everything with the stickers. Hey speaking of stickers
When are we going to get that feature where I can uh put photos from the hard drive into the game?
Because that's that's the other big thing we're waiting on
But it was in an advertisement. It's false advertising
bitch wine moan
Right, you're never going to get it
I wish maybe next year. We'll see
Well, this is something that's pretty cool. Um
You know, uh on xbox live there was the um, super street fighter 2 turbo hd remix
well, um
It's uh sold a quarter million. Wow. There's a lot of suckers out there
Well, I I have it. I like it. I've got so many different versions of street fighters. Not even funny
That's 250 000 people sucking the cock of nostalgia. It's
It's basically broken both day one and week one sales records
and um
Is uh slated to break 30-day sale records as well. So it's supposed to be the the um
Oh, actually according to capcom. It's quoted as saying it's honest way to becoming the highest grossing digital title ever
Besides that they had the good sense to use udon crew to do their art. So that's pretty cool
Very cool they didn't sell one to me
well
Unfortunately this week there aren't that many choices for you to go purchase stuff. I mean it is
the week of christmas and a lot of game publishers aren't exactly putting their games out this week because uh,
That's not a lot of time to purchase them. But there are a few that are putting out their games and um, well
They're games. All right, um
Candace canes candy factory on the ds is coming out this week. Also the sport comic book creator
I don't really know if that's a game. That's more software, I think but it's coming out nonetheless. Um,
Let's see here
Let's see here
And
Man talk about a short week mystery pi portrait of a thief on ds
And I swear that I think that's it that is it that is sad
Well, it is kind of a quiet week as well over in japan because they usually get new releases on thursday and what's thursday
Oh, yeah christmas
So, um on the xbox 360, uh alone in the dark and sid meyers civilization revolution finally come out on
the xbox 360
Also
On the playstation 3 you also get alone in the dark, uh far cry 2 and bioshock get their japanese translations as well as another port of
uh silver revolution, but also some other games white knight chronicles is coming out this week as well as another game
I have no idea what this is. Oh, it's an actual gaming stick. Okay. It's not a game. It's a like joystick they called the
Don't laugh. It's the roid stick ds. So there you go
Um, there were a couple games I missed but I don't know fun fun mini golf on the wii tiki towers on the wii
I think those are both download games and then uh horse trainer
Horse trainer or dreamer horse trainer and dreamer puppy trainer on ds
Sad week in games. Yeah
Um also biohazard comes out on the nintendo wii this week and of course that would obviously be resident evil
But it's on the wii and I can't figure out like is this the old school?
Resident evil being redone because I don't think it's resident evil 4
It must be like from redone port of the first game or something. Uh peakman gets its wii upgrade this week as well
Or pickman peakman, whatever. Uh, maybe that's that biohazard zero
That might be with uh playstation 2 lego batman comes out this week. And uh, that's about it. Uh on the handhelds
You have on the nintendo ds
Which I skipped by here on accident you have um
Biohazard deadly science. There's deadly science deadly silence gets a price cut
Uh, happy my sweets comes out as well this week fantasy star zero comes out on the ds from sega
That should be interesting and then on the sony psp
Dj max portable, uh black square comes out this week
And cherry blossom portable and biohazard degeneration big resident evil week. No, i'm totally jealous my
Our branch of my work that's in dallas that houses most of our game reps
Genius products is bringing out that game scratched to uh play test for them
You know that new djing game that's supposed to be like beatmania. Oh, really? Yeah with the
Newmark turntables or something like that. Maybe he gets some pictures or something
Yeah, it's only in dallas. They don't give a crap about that stuff. Anyways, that's what pisses me off
Because i'm like totally excited to play it. They're like
Whatever. All right. Well, let's move on around the world with more releases. Um,
Two things for the uk
The 23rd is savage moon on playstation 3 and on the 26th boxing day
Is 100 classic book collection
Yeah
It's just not a big week in games. I I reckon not. All right. Well, there you have it
We have to do the release dates no matter what even if it's slow week and don't expect next week to be much better
Because it's not
But you know, it is uh, pretty big the text in banjo kazooie now because uh,
There's that brand new patch for those people that own the 14-inch
standard definition
You know tube tvs
You now can read your text in banjo kazooie and suffer through the dialogue of that game
So, um, well, thank heavens because you know, I was just waiting for the no, I actually I was just
you know, I was just waiting for the no, I actually a lot of people really were waiting for something like this to come out because
If you play it on the small tv, this game's next to impossible to play. I'm spoiled with my hd tv. So I need to just
Stop taunting those that don't have it
Correct. Yeah. All right. Yes. All right. Well, um, we're just about to the end of part a tonight
But hey, we've got to uh, take some time to recognize
Gaming's classics and that's what we do here in a segment. We call the classic game of the week
Oh dark sakura, what have you picked for this very special holiday week for the kids and uh adults out there to recognize?
This week in gaming i've picked a bit of the nes and uh, commodore 64 for you. Rob
Yay, joy in the form of maniac mansion
Maniac mansion
Maniac mansion is a weird little game
This music's from the nes version yeah
But it was originally on the commodore 64 so where um
It actually uh is the game that the uh
Scum engine was created for the script creation utility for maniac mansion
And lucas arts used it for about uh, 10 more years to keep playing it. It also um has chuck the plant in it
If anyone has looked at other lucas arts games that that character's in but anyway as the game goes, um
There was a purple meteor that made a big crater
um on the line of this big mansion that belonged to the edison family and um
So basically there were changes in the people that lived there and then uh people that were in uh
the
Hospital started disappearing. So then there were a bunch of people who uh decided to go into the house because
A local cheerleader turned up missing and they decided to go through the entire house, which is like this big
movie type horror
house thing with um
Tentacles and an evil genius and the pool
The pool is the best part it has different multi- it has you know multiple endings you can go through depends on who lives who dies
You can have a you know, a perfect ending you can have the adversary win you can have um
You can have them famous by publishing his autobiography. You can feed them to a plant
Um, and um, you can you know, get your players in the game killed and um,
it has different red herrings in it and um
Just kind of different weird stuff in the game. Um, the different characters in there is you have the sort of
James dean type character you have a new wave musician
You have a photographer
You have a novelist. Um, you have a big nerd who's uh, really scary. YAY NERD!
You've got um a punk rock girl
You've got um a surfer in there. They all have their different strengths and weaknesses
and um
I've played this of course on the nes because that's what I had. Um
The uh, the different versions there were there were there were
the uh, the different versions there were there was also a pc
that um
also, uh
played um
There's also the apple 2 the amiga and atari st versions
Um, there was the nes versions and instead of it being the full size. They were all kind of sd
Super deformed, you know the different characters
um
And there is actually um an enhanced version with updated graphics that's out and it had a sitcom based on the series
Do you ever remember watching? Oh, yeah, I remember that. Oh god, that wasn't on very long
But yeah, I remember there was this game was pretty big when it came out and there was a fan
Um remake that's called maniac mansion deluxe that runs on windows. Um, the has really
um enhanced graphics and music that was actually borrowed from day of the tentacle and um
it supposed to fix a lot of uh,
Bugs and inconsistencies and they put in some different changes to make it a little bit harder. It's also playable in day of the tentacle
maniac mansion
Um, and of course then there was it was really really centered though on the nes there were a lot of stuff changed
um
There um was only one printing of the game
um
They actually did forget to leave in though some of the more bloody parts like you could still microwave the hamster
awesome
But the pal version does not have the ability to microwave the hamster. Oh
The guy though who um
That ported it douglas, uh crockford
Put out a memoir that was called the expurgation of maniac mansion
Which was, you know, basically him going oh god nintendo you suck
um about how strict nintendo was for what they could allow in the game what they couldn't and um
About you know some things that he agreed with taking out like edna, you know having sexually themed threats to the characters
and different things, um
Including the you know, the use of violence non-violence and that type of thing
That type of thing
um
So, um, it was pretty pretty uh
Heavily centered like I said, um
also, um
There like I was saying before it was my favorite part of the game
Whenever I would just get really tired of playing it and go to hell with this
I would go to the pool drain it and push the red button so that the house would explode
I
Just what I did every time I was like i'm tired of playing explode game over
I didn't think the graphics on the nes version were that great compared to the computer one. No
Which is strange because i'm talking about a game on the commodore 64, but
The commodore 64 version was actually really nice. I personally did not play it, but I have seen it played
Um, because like I said, I didn't have a commodore 64
I had a clicko adam. I have to say though as far as this type of game goes on the nes
There is a game. I do prefer these point-and-click games shadow gate
Shadow gate was great. Yeah, i'm talking you know
You know what part I would always get those stuck at was where you went into the the portal and you had a limited time
with your um
You had to actually have like some item to make it through the portal
You're gonna need to do that in a future week. I'm gonna have to I actually never finished shadow gate, but I love shadow gate
but um
It's just interesting because you don't think about these point-and-click games a lot on the nes because they they you know
But there were some really good ones
But um, yeah this it's a really good one, you know also, uh
There's some of the uh, lucas arts, uh, i'm just looking at the list of the different lucas arts, uh
Um titles that they were supposed to go along with the scum engine
And let me get back to that because I was just on it. It was um, I think a couple of monkey island games
and uh labyrinth and loom
And I think i've covered loom before which is strange because I think loom came out before maniac mansion didn't it?
Uh, no, it was after no, no, it was after
Strange it was after monkey island even I think
But yeah, um some uh, and actually, uh, one of the salmon max games was supposed to use it, but they uh, canceled it
It was a salmon max freelance police
And full throttle payback was another one
But yeah, um some of the different ones that used it was uh, monkey island 2 lachuck's revenge and indiana jones and the fate of atlantis
So well there you have it
If there's nothing else to add then your classic game of the week is blow up the house
maniac mansion on the
Maniac mansion on the nes or commodore 64 whatever system you prefer maniac mansion
And don't forget to drain the water for the pool and blow up the house
That's dark soccer's favorite thing to do, correct?
Indeed
All right
Well, uh, we're going to take a quick break here on orange lounge radio and do some music here
And uh when we come back we have plenty more actually, sorry the podcast folks. You won't get to hear the music
That's just the way it is, you know copyright rules and everything
But uh, we'll be back really soon with more of orange launch radio more stories
Hopefully a little bit happier than all the layoff stories we had in uh part a do you think we can arrange that low-key get?
Some happier stuff in part. Maybe tonight. All right, we'll try
Um, meanwhile, we're gonna go ahead and take a break and we will be right back
And welcome back to more of orange lounge radio and this part b of our podcast for this december the 21st
Of 2008 and uh, happy holidays to you guys out there listening to the program
Uh, we talked a lot about uh different things going on in part a unfortunately a lot of really not so happy
Holidays going on for a lot of folks in the game industry
And i'm ready to hear that. Uh, we talked also about some other um news including um,
Some sales stuff about uh, hg remix and some little big planet updates and some other news coming to the sony world
But now we're going to move in and start off tonight talking a little bit about microsoft in part b. Yes, logy. Yes, we are
Not exactly great news, but uh microsoft has announced that fable 2's expansion
Um, nahole island
Not coming out for christmas. Unfortunately, uh was due out this week. It is now being delayed to the end of january
Still going to be 10 bucks. Apparently they ran into some unexpected technical difficulties
At least they didn't call it balloon nahole island. I mean that would have been really bad
Just saying that would be horrible
It's why why the delay, um unexpected technical difficulties, whatever that's supposed to mean
Uh, everyone took some time off for the holidays. I still don't think it's a good name to name it nahole island
anyways, it just
Makes me think of like a glory hole or well, haven't you ever heard of what a balloon knot is?
That's supposed to be like an asshole because you know what a balloon knot looks like an asshole exactly and this one house in san diego
And every time I hear not whole island I keep thinking of a balloon knot hole and it's disgusting i'm like who wants to visit an island
With a bunch of assholes. There's a house in san diego that looks like a sphincter
Make all the gay jokes you want, but that does not sound appealing. I'm, sorry
So there you have it
Anyway
I'm sorry, i'll move on i'm trying to eat a bagel while i'm talking and making jokes. I need to stop eating cookies
Uh tiger claw says every time I hear not whole i'm thinking of sonic am
Uh moving on
Eight hundred point microsoft point cards now have made their way into the retail marketplace
um, apparently, um, you know, you could only get 1600 microsoft points before it was 1999, but now
You can get 800 microsoft point cards at retailers for 9.99
And hey, that would be one whole cent cheaper than buying them online. Oh, but you have to pay tax
So you're screwed then you have to consider this tax
So it's good if you don't like if you want to give a gift or if like, you know, you don't have a credit card
And you're a little kid
or
Or you want to buy it as a gift, but you know, it's it's a stocking stuffer
So maybe 20 bucks is too much. I don't know just buy it online
Yeah, I guess you know what I want, but they don't world peace. No not world peace screw world peace. Um,
But they're not available in most stores is those playstation network cards because I hate the playstation network and how they do their
Payments online. Yeah, it's a little silly. I don't like it by the way
speaking of playstation network because you brought it up and I forgot to mention earlier in the show we talked about playstation home last week
And I said I was going to get an olr club as soon as they open it up
Well, I guess I missed it because I went back online later in the week and I saw where you could buy a clubhouse online
It was just hard to find
Um, i'm not interested in it because you have to invite people into the club and you can only invite up to like 30 people
What kind of an olr club is that?
Not a cool one, unfortunately, I know we have more than 30 people in our chat room tonight
We probably would have more people now than what I do
I thought it was something that people would be able to search and go into you know at their leisure
But I don't see how it's promotion for the show to do that. It sounds stupid then I'd have to buy all the furniture
So forget it
Until home gets cooler. I protest. Sorry. Well, there are probably only about 30 of our listeners that actually have a playstation three
Yeah, true true
Sj100 matt in our chat room wants to point out. Um, I see psn cards in best buy
Entertainment says not only that clubs cost money fail. I was willing to like for five bucks
I would have done it like it's an experiment. How much was it five bucks five bucks? Okay. Yeah, and I'm still considering it
Here right now. It's five bucks with no re no reoccurring fee, but sony is going to implement them at some point
You just didn't say what like home doesn't suck enough
Do now do we have the trophy rooms and stuff like remember how they're saying? No, nope
So like most things it's extremely early like most sony will get i'm sure home will be better in a year
But by then we will have all forgot home is extremely late as it is. It's no time for being early. It's late
It's
Just saying I know all right, sorry we can go back to um, um other stuff now, sorry jamie, okay
sega
What about them? Well, it looks like um, there's been some esrb, uh
Ratings put out so that means that they're going to be a number of games on um xbox live and playstation network from sega
There will be um, a sonic 3 comic zone
fantasy star 2 and gun star heroes, whoo-hoo
which are uh supposed to be uh
Out and then um, there were I guess other releases. Um
I'm, sorry, uh, the previous releases were sonic the hedgehog sonic 2 golden axe and echo the dolphin and streets of rage 2
Wait a minute, but isn't sega putting out that thing of like 40 games for like 20 bucks or something. Yes
Yes, do you think that sega wants as much money as possible? Yes, okay
Say yeah, are they giving me anything special?
with this
I guess and they're going to give you the option to blur it out so that it looks all like, you know hd like
Seems kind of just buy the 20 thing when it comes out. Seriously
Unless they're not i'm, sorry
Which I highly doubt that they are all right, we'll see what happens
Something else coming to xbox live arcade kind of interesting
I'm, not sure a lot of people are familiar with the um, mmorpg dofus
They have a uh
Game, I think it's called uh wok fu and now the islands of wok fu are going to be coming to xbox live arcade
So it's like an mmo
But not you know, it's got the mmo graphics. I guess the perfect example would be like ragnarok online ds
You know where it's not technically an mmo game, but you play it similar to the mmo
It's just you're not going to be interacting with other people. In fact, that's the tagline. It's like an mmo, but not
But um, yeah, it's apparently set a hundred years or a thousand years after wok fu it's due
Uh late 2009 and will be an adventure beat them up title
As an adventure beat them up and venture beat them up as adventure slash beat them up all style game
It says it can be played in a two-player team mode and uh will reveal never before seen background content from the world of dofus
and wok fu
Really because to me the entire world of dofus and wok fu are unseen and I have not played either one
But hey, it's a different type of game and that's always welcome bochi kawa in chat asks wok fu
Is that like beating people senseless with a frying pan?
Yes, it is exactly now that would be a great game
Go around and hit people with a frying pan. Actually, you can kind of do that little big planet. I just want to say
uh, hey talking about um
Hey other things we might want to hit in the head with a frying pan is uh, whoever caused those xbox 360 discs to scratch
Apparently there's some lawsuits going on right now. You know, we reported on those a while ago, but now they're just finally getting around to you know
Being looked at investigated what have you and a document in one of the suits was actually unsealed last week
Apparently my and what it contains in it is that microsoft actually knew about the problem prior to launch
They have multiple options to fix it and the company rejected all of them
There were three options apparently listed in the document one of them was a
To increase the magnetic field of the disc holder and the reason why they decided to reject that is because it would get in the way
Of the disc opening and closing thing. Um, but here's here's where I go crazy when I read that
My 360 is having issues when I try to open and close the door on it right now
Like sometimes i'll have to hit the button multiple times and i'm starting to worry that the damn thing's about to break on me
Have you heard of anything like that loki?
no, but I know that the way they have the
Eject button and also the um, like power switch and stuff. It's really funky like the power switch
There's a little button that's off center on it. So if you push it in the center of your
Face plate it won't exactly trigger it every time you kind of push to the right of it
So and the way the eject button works is kind of similar
It's a little push button switch, so I wouldn't be surprised if it wore out, but it's kind of like a push button switch
It's kind of like a push button switch, so I wouldn't be surprised if it wore out, but you know
You can always if you can't get it to eject that way just you know, hit the middle button and select eject disc
Great jrod in chat says I used to have to do that and it ended up where the disk drive wouldn't read anymore
lovely
Um, remember they won't warranty unless it read rings. So that's when you take a blow torch to it
Well, look, there's some other options too
The other options were to slow down the disc rotation speed but that was rejected because it would have slowed down the game loading times
I think we can understand that one
uh, and then um, apparently the other option was to install little bumpers that would have cost the company between
35 to 75 million additional dollars, but I would think little bumpers wouldn't that be like maybe like a buck?
a machine
Yes, it's it's literally that little um
They had a fix a long time ago when people were ready to scratch thing that was available online
You'd buy these little um
It looked like a cd and you would put it in the drive and kind of push it up and it would stick little
Pads on there that would you know keep the disc from jiggling because basically what happens is since the disc has so much play
Inside the drive it'll end up, you know bending back to where it rubs up against the laser and that's what carves a nice little
You know circle into your disc
So this what these do is allows it so that the other side
Doesn't tip as much so doesn't ever make contact with the laser
Well, here's the thing is that um the and the big thing that the document shows is that microsoft what they eventually decided to do
They appended the manual with a warning and offered a disc replacement program
You know that was their big fix and I believe something about like a sticker on the door too that you have to pull off
That warns them not to tilt the machine when you play
Apparently this was deemed insufficient by company employees via an internal email
But it's apparently what happened. Anyway, well, it is kind of I mean
It's a stupid fix and really they should have just added those little bumpers to it because it wouldn't have cost them 75 million dollars
I mean how many consoles they have out there? They have like almost fifteen thousand, you know, fifteen million consoles or not
Even really that many but like over ten million consoles. Okay, so
You know, they're saying seventy five million dollars. So that's seven fifty per console
Um, or no, that's 75 million. That'd be 75 cents per console, basically
so
Or no my math's all wrong today. Well act whatever it doesn't matter either way
It's not gonna cost that much act up in chat says but who the fuck moves around a console when playing a game really?
Well, some people own pets like my cat who likes to jump on consoles and um,
You know, she may knock it over luckily
I'm smart enough to know if the cat's nearby the console. I will lay it flat on the ground instead of you know
Tipping up and that's you know, that's a rare occasion, you know, or
We just took ours away where she can't get to it. Yeah, I mean it's someone can bump it
You know a court get pulled or something knock the console over. I mean, there's all sorts of stuff that can happen
It's rare, but there are cases though. I've been hearing where people's discs are just getting in a groove
Carved into it just from leaving it
Going it's just on you know, the way the laser moves or something that there's some
Jittering in there that causes like a ring to kind of carved in over time
Not necessarily like where people were tilting the console. It made a nice little like grinding noise
Uh, gs68 says microsoft needs to fix the d-pad from hell agreed
It's getting to the point where i'm actually considering buying like some games on the ps3 over the xbox 360 completely based on the controller
completely based on the controller
Completely based on the controller whatever happened to that controller that was supposedly coming out that had a better d-pad
I never saw that and why they would do that for a limited amount of time is retarded
That's a very good question. I I have no idea why they would do that. Uh, and tiger claw wants to say, um,
Well, he says a couple things
He says it's a conspiracy microsoft knew all along with the disk scratch problem before the public found out
I smell a class action waiting to happen. Actually. It's already happening
That's where these documents came out of but then he goes on to say microsoft needs to fix the tray eject problem
A lot of people are experiencing it. I'm not the only one
And bobby blackwolf wanted to work in a cheap plug for his upcoming new show
He said the first episode of friday night gaming will address that issue directly on stage with a company that repairs consoles
Apparently one little shtick they're going to do on their show is actually repair consoles live on air
On his little friday night show he's starting I believe the 9th of january is the first episode
Straight out straight out of atlanta or I have a console that's under repairables
What because i've tried repairing it really remember that should be a challenge that I took a heat gun to you
Should see if bobby will take it on bobby and his friends. It can be fixed. I'm sure if they re-bulb the um GPU on it, but
I don't have the device to do it. Let alone the patience or the skill necessary
It's gonna be like trauma center for consoles. That's gonna be amazing
So check that out
friday night
Fnglive.net if I don't say the website then bobby will say I hate him. All right
Let's move on with more news. We'll see what happens in further developments with the uh disc scratching
Oh, hey, no, we're not gonna move on with more news
We don't want to do any more news. We're done. We're out of here. Have a great night everybody. Bye. All right
No, just kidding. Uh, we're gonna open your emails now. That's what we're doing
Uh, we're gonna open your emails now. That's what we're doing mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
And dark soccer likes to read some of her favorite emails. Actually. She doesn't really like to do it
She does it because she has to yep
If we tell her that if she does not read the emails on air that she will not be given beer anymore
So mailbag orange lunch radio.com. Let's read some of those emails
Um, hey, olr. This is amay satsuma
My question to you is if you were able to throw an object at someone what would that object be?
And who would you throw it at must be non-lethal?
Does this have something to do with the bush shoe thing this week it must
Um, I actually would
If I could completely get away with it without you know
Um the secret service trying to jump me or anything. I would throw something at bush
um, I would throw um
um, basically the uh
Waste of a homeless person at him
Feces no overall waste. Oh, okay. Yeah and say that it was his fault
Um, but that's that's hypothetical that's not not that I would physically do that
So i'm not breaking any sort of constitutional law by saying it would be cool if that were to happen
But um, can I answer can I answer go for it, um that crazy messed up, uh, uh,
Fags go to hell guy. What's that guy phelps phelps? Yes. I would like to throw a cream pie at him
But what a waste of a yummy pie
So I will throw um throw rainbow sparkles feces pie
Here's some shit cake
Here fred phelps have a shit cake what about I like that idea millions of dollars at myself
That would mean you'd have to have it to throw it at yourself first
No, I would have to have a million dollars in my hand, which means I would have acquired millions of dollars
Win-win either way I have to look at it
I like that. We've invented a new word on the show tonight shit cake. I like that
I'm going to use that in a sentence three times this week shit cake
Shit cake, shit cake, shit cake. Shut up and go eat shit cake
Also last week you asked for christmas e-cards and I decided to make one since I stuck at photoshop
I made it using this microsoft flash app that uses your 360 avatars. I hope you will enjoy it sat
It's cute. It's it's the joker avatar in front of a fire. I think I saw that as a signature on another forum
I thought it was funny
Next email dun dun dun
Um
Hello crew of olr. It is ikatakos aka reese here to tell you
And to anyone else who plays stepmania that I have made a song for a download
And i'll just post a link in the chat room
um, but are you guys slash girl impressed with the 2009 psp games also has
Anyone heard anything about elder scrolls travels for psp?
And do you really think there will be it not?
T h e i r it should be t h e r e
Well typing on a psp
It doesn't matter spelling is spelling
And also, um e and r are right next to each other e and i are not
If it uses qwerty, um, and do you think that there will be a little big planet for psp?
Hope you enjoy the song as much as I enjoy your show reese, uh, bc canada. My birthday is december 26
lol, 15 wu
Um, yes on little big planet on the psp. I think that's inevitable at some point
But that may not be done by media molecule, but I think sony will cash in on it
Um, if it's not done by media molecule, i'm already worried. Um
As far as the other games in 2009 god, what's coming out on psp in 2009? There's not a lot right now, right?
No, there is
Really? Yes
Tell me some of the titles. I have to look forward to star ocean second. Um, we're the second star ocean games coming out
Uh resistance retribution, uh, loco roko 2 pop the pond 2
Uh, there's supposedly a motorstorm game and a little big planet game coming
um
Try anything else, uh monokina
It's coming out on psp. Where's africa psp?
So i'm gonna know where's africa ps3? That's true. Wasn't it supposed to be out by now?
Yeah, they're picking up a national geographic license
I was this close to importing it and I was like fuck that I can't run over the animals
So I said no i'm not buying that uh, dissida when it comes out in english
Yes, dissida will be coming out over here in the summer. Okay. God. I can't wait to play that. Um
I don't know. It looks like a better year definitely because 2008 sucked and like you look at the releases
There was just not a lot of releases period I mean there were some good ones
I mean the midnight club la remix is supposed to be pretty good. Um, you know star ocean. The first one was pretty good
I could go for some more of the final fantasy. Um ports to uh, the psp. That would be awesome. Like, uh, you know, maybe
six
Six would be nice. Did we get all the did we get all the questions in that email? I think we did. Oh, I zoned out
Sorry
Um, yeah, we did. All right
um
Moving on to the next email
Um, I just thought I would update you folks as to what's going on regarding the situation with my stolen
P uh ps3 this is from spazzinator
Oh, yes
He called in uh last week or the week before to mention it
It got stolen and he wanted us to kind of put out the word for all our fans in buffalo
Of which I don't know how many we have but we tried
To date the buffalo police have not done anything about it and let's face it
Unless the ps3 was jelly filled or covered in sprinkles. They aren't likely to look for it. Frankly. I have no faith in them
My counseling agency has been has been helpful as a wet fart read. Not at all
You'd think that since the theft occurred there that they'd be eager to have this issue resolved just to cover their collective asses
but it looks like
that isn't the case as
Oh, I lost my place actually as a related note
And if I neither mentioned it in the call, or you haven't figured it out already. I bought my ps
I brought my ps3 to my counseling agency for an informal party. I was supplying the entertainment movies downloaded on psn
karaoke rock band guitar hero world tour style
Etc. It was stolen between 12 15 p.m. And 1 15. Um p.m. Est. Wouldn't that be am
Um, oh no, i'm misreading it on uh est on 11 19 when it was unattended in all likelihood
I won't be getting my original system back, which is a shame
I had the 60 gigabyte model which are impossible to find not only that but I upgraded the internal. Um htd
And bought a ton of stuff off of the psn store anywho luckily my ssi payee is sitting on my rainy day fund
And sent her request for the adequate funds to replace the system with a used 80 gigabyte model
And the same type of upgraded hdd that I had before i'll worry about the movies and tv shows that I bought at a later
Time and date. Sorry for the long as hell email. Trust me. It's not and I figured that you'd appreciate an update. Take care
Well, thanks for letting us know well stolen systems suck and whoever stole your system needs to die in a fire and let's just hope
That karma comes around and bites this person in their big fat ass
Next email next email j-rod
Hey folks
I haven't heard the last show but I don't know if this has been asked if it has please disregard
But if you could ask santa for one gaming related christmas present and don't worry about price santa is bringing it
What would it be mine would be a new computer to play left for dead because I can't even run the original halo
This email is sponsored by the olive garden home of the never-ending salads and breadsticks
you first
Um, I don't know if it's gaming related, but I would like a new computer
Well, see I have a new computer for the gaming but I would just like a whole new like setup for the show
I'd like like a fancy new mix board
Um an easier way to publish a show on a faster computer without having to transfer to my new one
Which has kind of been slowing things down technically gaming related. Um, I technically because it has to do with the show
So that would be my thing. I'd want a fancy like I want a state-of-the-art computer recording studio
That's what I want. Yeah
Matt I want a ddrx machine
Ooh
That's pretty uh pricey nice and new
and new
darsagra
Really? I can't say that there's too much that I would really want that I don't already have
um, I actually want a uh
a pc engine duo rx
A pc engine duo rx and an arcade card so that I can play sapphire
And I want a baby pac-man machine fuck yes
Well, you know, you know what the hell are the studio just bring me a baby pac-man machine
I already have the pinball machine that I really want. Uh-huh. I have my world cup soccer
Can you believe that dan actually asked me if I would trade it temporarily?
Okay, i'm gonna go I can't go on a completely like random tangent for a minute for it
Okay, here's the thing it is related though. Um, I on twitter
I follow some other podcasters some other indie podcasters and one of the podcasters I follow is one of the guys from video game outsiders
And he posted a youtube today. I guess he picked up some new. Um
Popeye machine or something. I guess what he does. He has like like how you amass a bunch of pinball machines in your house
He amasses a bunch of 80s, uh stuff in his basement
Not a bunch of babies
Hey, I found this baby at the mall
No, i'm gonna take it home and raise it to do my work. No, you stop trying to start a podcast war
I could just see it now dude the guy
I can see they're gonna read an email on the show the guys from olr said you have babies in your basement
What do you have to say about that they're crunchy
No, no, no, but he's got like all these old school 80s machines I was like, oh cool cool and like, um,
you know, I was I was looking at the pop I wanted but I went to his youtube channel because I was like
I wonder if he shows off other stuff like this and he does and one of the youtubes that he had
Was him getting his new baby pac-man machine
And I have to admit it's the first time i've ever really watched something like that another podcaster did where I was completely
Overcome with jealousy like just total jealousy. I was looking at it going
That is so cool. I am so fucking jealous. I want I want one of those fuckers so badly
Even the baby pac-man sort of sucks ass
It does novelty. It's it's the novelty of the only successful incarnation of video and pinball has been pinball 2000
Really?
So there you go
God now they're gonna get I can just see it now who said you keep babies in your basement
No, it's baby pac-man that he had in his basement that I was completely
And utterly overcome with jealousy. Yeah babies
I mean if I could find one of those machines cheap, you know, I would put that shit in this garage
You wouldn't find one cheap. Good luck unless it's completely destroyed and gutted. I know last email dan
Come fix my baby pac-man because I don't know dick about pinball games
Last email. Okay. Hey, olr. It's from cheeseburger, by the way
Well me being the huge star crash fan as I am
I never started playing world of warcraft because I would become addicted
Well yesterday I went to my friend's house and he started a free trial of wow
He had 256 megabytes of ram out of the two gigabytes recommended
So I started a trial on my laptop because it has one gigabyte of ram so he could play
Without much lag while I was there
Well, I got home and started playing for a few hours. So my question is for sky what server or whatever it is
You it's called do you play on I play on the garithos. Did I spell that right?
Right server i'm level nine and I wanted to know if it's worth buying and if I can switch server to play on with you
Also, tell me a little about the game and some of the things that will convince me to buy it
I'm going to give you an answer
You weren't expecting because if I remember right cheeseburgers like 15 years old 14 15 like he's a younger listener of ours
My advice to you is not to buy world of warcraft
Because you're still in school and if you get sucked into a game like world of warcraft, um, it could affect your school
Here's the thing if you know in your heart and in your gut in your mind
You can restrict yourself to playing this game one or two hours a day tops
Then it might be okay, but honestly, it's the social element
That's what really these games are all about
I mean I could describe all about like the quest and the classes and the magic and all this stuff
But you know what? You're playing the game. You see all that firsthand
The reason why people get addicted to this stuff is the social element. It's logging
It's it's you know, when I log on to the game and I say hello to the guild everybody goes rob, you know
It's like walking into cheers the bar and everybody yells norm. It's it's that kind of thing
That's that's the reward that you're going to get out of a game like warcraft. Um that being said
I play on the server raven crest and if you want more information, it's all in our forms
That's a cheap plug for the forms
And that way people who only really really want it will get it
But yeah, it's kind of I know i'm like such an addict of the game. But you know
Uh, i'm also not in school
And uh, sometimes even I have to really limit myself on how much i'll play
Yeah, that's actually sort of a reason why I have I really
Am loath to get back into world of warcraft myself
It's because I know how little time i'll have to play except like maybe on a weekend and then when you're still enjoying
Ragnarok the thing that sucks too is that if you get far behind the rest of your guild you start to feel like
You're just out of it. You know what I mean?
So that's you know, the competition's a lot. So
There you go. That's that's my honest advice
Ta-da, so that was it for emails
I said that didn't I? All right. Sorry. Well, I wasn't listening surprised gee rob. All right. I don't listen to this show
I just talk on it
All right. That's it for emails. If you want to send us an email mailbag at orange launch radio.com
We'll get some more stuff from you later during the skype line
Even though I don't know how long we can go tonight because it's fucking freezing out here in the garage
But we will get some more stories first. It's not as cold as it was last week. It's still pretty fucking cold
It's still pretty fucking cold. I love this quilt. Oh, it's so cold. All right, uh logi, um, there's rumors that
the uh
PSP is getting another revision. Uh, the PSP 4000 is apparently due out late 09
This is coming to us from Eurogamer that reports their publishing sources
Indicate that uh Sony is planning on doing this and eventually will launch a PSP 2
I mean, I think it's a no-brainer that they're eventually going to launch some sort of portable gaming system later on, you know
Update the hardware that kind of makes sense
um, and it wouldn't you know be a surprise if they
Fix some more stuff on the PSP again
But of course Sony is saying they have no plans for a PSP 2
Where have I heard we have no plans for something before?
Oh, I know on every other rumor that they have no plans on like no plans for a pice cut no plans on releasing a 160
Gigabyte system no plans for doing something that it's completely obvious no plans to release a good system
We have no plans on ever becoming the number one console
again
So when you hear no plans
Hear them saying it's like we are, you know, so
yeah, just
Big deal. We know hardware revisions coming. Not a big surprise
A sequel to a popular handheld system might happen you think?
Hello. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I thought
Hey, uh moving on over to Nintendo who has been number one lately
Although amongst the hardcore gamers, uh, some of us are starting to feel a little jaded
I don't know. This is something that some hardcore gamers will be into but probably more for the casual crowd and the young folks
Um, some of the early 2009 releases for Nintendo, of course headlined by Pokemon Platinum on March 22nd
That is going to be a pretty big title on the Nintendo DS even though isn't it just the last two Pokemon?
It's it's just like they do this all the time
They release, you know, like, you know red and blue and then there's yellow that has something special, you know
It's it's it's just I think there's supposed to be new pokemons in this one
All right, then again and it also has some weird like uh level structures and stuff. It's like kind of neat looking interesting
Um some other games that are coming out, uh Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Echo of Time is supposed to actually come out this spring
So we'll see what happens with that. Um, let's see. What else is supposed to come out here? I've got like a whole list
um
That is spring that they said that game would come out March. Yeah, probably the later the better, um
For them not drag quest five
Is that on
That's on DS. No, I don't see it listed in their list not in the first three months of the year
Oh really be a little later. No, unless it hasn't been announced yet. I don't know
I'm trying to look at some first part
Let's see Sega's putting out the house of the dead overkill on Wii in February
Sonic and the black knight in March and mad world in March
Ubisoft's got Tenchu in February and broken sword shadows the Templars in March
Nintendo, first party games, the only stuff they're putting out Mario power tennis in March and Pikmin in March
That's it on the Wii. Yeah on the Wii
However on the DS from Nintendo personal trainer math on January 12th
Fire Emblem Shadow Dragon on February 16th and the before mentioned Pokemon Platinum
Which is kind of in line with their one title a month
Konami however is putting out the new Elibits game the adventures of Kai and Zero is coming out first quarter of uh,
The new year the suikoden tactical game suikoden tear crease is coming out on in the first quarter as is little magicians magic
adventure all those from Konami
And then I'm trying to see Ubisoft has a bunch of games coming out imagine cheerleader imagine family doctor imagine ice champions
And American pop star road to celebrity what an awesome year it's turning out to be
For the Nintendo DS. Did you see what they named those?
You remember the play on the Wii games new play control
Yeah
That's a retarded name. Just call it like I don't know cash cow Pikmin
I do want to point out Konami is putting out a game on the Wii that some of you guys might care about ddr
Disney grooves
For those that are still playing ddr after all these years. There you go
Ssh 100 matt in chat says factor 5 goes down, but sonic team is still around. Where's the justice?
Where's the justice?
That's that for first quarter lineup
Well, how about something very cool for all of our?
8-bit fans which by the way, thank you for the old school Nintendo entertainment system dar
Sakura's kind of like a second Christmas gift slash late birthday gift. Well also thanks sauce for
Thank you sauce to the trade for agreeing to a trade that I got the better end of the deal of
Well, um, if anyone who is a big Nintendo fan, this is especially cool. Also, it's really cool for the fans of pac-man champion
Edition, it's been remade for the Nintendo entertainment system
It actually is fully functional actually just like the same. It looks pretty damn cool
Looking at a video here on this site. Sorry. That's what you're hearing in the background
I'm looking at a video here on this site. Sorry. That's what you're hearing in the background
Interesting looking
I don't know. It seems like it's a hacked ROM of some sort because the music in the background is strange
Right, it doesn't sound like pac-man at all. Anyway, there you go. That's that's what it sounds like
It might be trying to emulate the music from hmm, maybe well at any rate. Um, you um
There's no idea where you can find the ROM. It's from the pac-mania soundtrack. Oh, is it? Oh
Sorry, if that was loud guys, it wasn't loud to us in the studio, but I guess it came out very loud over the um,
But hey whoever whoever finds it then let me know what you think of it. So cool
Yeah, apparently the weird thing about this is that it's it's still unknown if this is like real or a concept thing
Because no ROM has showed up out there
Who knows
That's the weird thing about it. Is it like it's not something you can actually like download for use in an emulator
But they say it's an actual 8-bit nintendo game
I don't know
Um a game that is coming out on the ds, uh grand theft auto chinatown wars has been dated now for um march
Which is weird because I thought it was dated before for january, but either way it's coming out now march 17th
grand theft auto chinatown wars and uh will feature
most of liberty city
um
I think they're cutting out all their need from um grand theft auto 4 but most of it and it's going to kind of look
a little bit like um
The old grand theft auto 1 and 2 games, you know kind of a top-down 3d
Type of game and it's all cel-shaded
but still violent and
pretty cool looking
Yay, cool looking things
Europe will be getting the game three days later on march 20th
Well, that's good that it's not getting delayed so bad. Yeah
And I can't wait to try the online multiplayer. That'd be fun
Of course tons of people be cheating in it because they can i'm sure
Okay, so, um, here's something interesting going on I don't I don't know what the hell you want to call this
But I don't know if you've heard about this project. It's called bob's game
And it's this guy who's spent a lot a lot of time making a particular ds home brew project
He's apparently going on protests
He's going to be spending 100 days locked in his room locked and barricaded from the outside to protest how nintendo has been treating his project
Here's the thing he needs a ds software development kit to get his game which is um
I guess what bob made is some type of like 2d adventure thing. It looks really cool
He actually wants to sell it as a retail game, but nintendo will not give him one
Even though bob has apparently talked to nintendo done the application told he was going to get an answer in a few months
And apparently 17 weeks have come by no answer. No kid has showed up
However, now what he's going to be planning is his 100 day sit down protest. So he's doing a tantrum
Basically, he's throwing a fit fucking grow up
Well, he's been giving the run around with you know stuff and his game does look really cool
Um, that's kind of too bad, you know
Unfortunately, i'd be hitting up other publishers or whatever and see if they can publish your game or there's more. I gotta read all this
Um, apparently he met with nintendo in february about a year ago to ask for the kit
He teleconferenced he flew to game developers conference and had a face-to-face meeting
Uh, he talked to the wario world division who sent him to marketing
He talked to marketing and they sent him back to the wario world division
Uh on the application it said it would be six to eight weeks for a decision. It's been 17
He says he's met all the requirements
He's a financially stable registered company with an fein which I believe is a federal identification number. I'm working from a commercial address
Um, and he says that when nintendo decides to approve the developer license, he will end his protest
Apparently you can actually watch on live webcam. I'm actually going to go to the site right now
It looks like he's asleep, but you can see something on the board right now says reggie on the monitor there and uh,
it is
Yep, it's actually his live confinement right now, but it looks like he's fast asleep or something or he left the room
But he's on day 12
He's not supposed to leave the room. He's not it says he sleeps behind the camera. Oh
Where's his potty i'm assuming I hope that's all behind the camera too or something
But anyway, um, he says he cannot leave the room the door is locked and barricaded from the outside
He's sleeping behind the camera. Yes. There is a shower food is being delivered once a week by a friend
There is no internet access television or game consoles besides the ones he's developing on
He can receive and send email on his cell phone so he can get nintendo's reply and update the site
And the led counter will be incremented once a day. Sometimes it will display hints and secret messages
So, yes jamie he's throwing a tantrum
Is doing the equivalent of sticking his fingers in the in his ears and closing his eyes going lala
Well still though what about the point that he's meeting all of nintendo's requirements and nintendo's dicking him
What what about that to play devil's advocate? We need more imagine games
We don't have time with this good adventure crap need more imagine and more pets if it's got imagine and pets in it
we can definitely do something with it. Oh, and if it's a sim. More sim games.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob, you need to get an interview with this guy. I don't know if I can. He has
no phone, right? I can't, oh no, he has a cell phone. Maybe I can. I guess I could try
sending an email. I don't know. Misty in chat says, there's better ways to bitch about it.
Like not eating. Fasting. Like sending duty to Reggie. Hunger strike? Yes, a hunger strike.
That's what I was looking for. I am not on a hunger strike. I was shoving my mouth full
of food. I'm on a food strike where I do nothing but eat food. That's my response. All right.
Redertainment says, imagine Bob's pet sims adventure. Amazing. All right, so good luck
Bob on your protest, I guess. Um, don't die. Geez. Just kind of fucking ridiculous. And
by kinda, I mean really. Well, this is very, very happy, happy news for me. Because I have
been wanting this game, and I played the other two, and it's freaking beautiful. But Klonoa
Door to Phantom Isle is going to be coming out in North America. And that makes me giddy.
And it's supposed to be out in Spring 2009. And it's supposed to be keeping the original
design because everybody said they wanted it. And the North American version will have
some gesture controls. Basic control though is be triggered to grab your enemies and flick
the Wiimote to throw. Which is kinda cool. Um, it has an NES style Wiimote using the
GameCube controller. And the classic controller is also, uh, you can use that too. And, uh,
there is a rumor that the Klonoa 2 remake is on its way. Klonoa 2 is freaking hard.
But I really, really, really, really, really love Klonoa.
Maybe this took so long to come out in the US because the Klonoa developers locked themselves
in a room for 100 days until Nintendo agreed to put out their game.
Just sayin'.
Hmm. Well, um, you know, after much begging and pleading, apparently EA has decided to
graciously allow players to be able to reinstall their copies of Spore after uninstalling it.
They can now download a tool from EA that will let you deauthorize your PC and effectively
allow you to override the game's install-on-five-PCs limit, as you can manage the availability
of all five machine slots.
Hooray. But unfortunately there's not a tool that's gotten me back interested in Spore
again, to which actually my cat knocked a disk on the floor in its case, and I was like,
eh, it's a good place for it.
Nice. So do you let the cat rearrange all your furniture?
She does that on her own. She decides that she wants to cram herself in the tiny space
that is between my monitor on the shelf and the top of my desk. It's, like, less than,
you know, about six inches tall, but somehow she decides that she wants to cram herself
in there.
But cats are cute, so she gets away with it, right?
Yeah, unfortunately she does.
What's your cat's name again?
Stella.
Stella. That's right. Uh, hey, um, the RIAA. Apparently some kitties, some cute kittens
went into the RIAA office and just, they made them go, aw, and shucks, because they decided
to do something nice this holiday season. They are no longer going to sue individual
file sharers or harass universities anymore.
Woo! That's our deadly war music!
Hold up, hold up. Instead, what the RIAA plans to do is that they are going to report people
that they suspect of copyright infringement directly to the ISPs. The ISPs will then investigate
the customers and either issue a warning or implement restrictions, whatever they decide
is needed. Apparently what the benefit will be to the ISPs, the participation is voluntary,
but they'll be able to better control the congestion on their networks by applying this
new little policy.
Some words from Ars Technica on the original report of this. Suddenly, ISPs gained a tremendous
new tool. One study in the UK showed that most people sharing music would stop when
made aware that their activity was being tracked and that they were not, in fact, anonymous.
Should that hold true in the US, ISPs would presumably see massive decreases in P2P traffic.
The customer notifications can be blasted out by email, making the whole process quick
and easy for ISPs. As is usual for these sorts of schemes, questions still remain about what
sorts of judicial processes will be in place to contest notifications and penalties, and
what happens to a household internet connection when Dad finds his access cancelled, even
though he's never shared a file in his life.
Yeah, whatever. It's not going to work very well, but hey, you know, whatever.
So pirate away, everybody!
Pretty much.
Just kidding. You shouldn't pirate, because that's why all these people got laid off this
week, so yeah. It was all your fault.
Yeah, it's the RIAA's coming after you for music. So, stop downloading...
I wonder if there's any companies that are going to say, nope, we're not participating.
Go fuck yourself.
Yes, stop downloading music and start downloading movies.
J-Rod in chat says, I got a letter from my ISP about downloading HBO shows. It didn't
stop my torrenting.
Well, I've never received any kind of cease and desist, so...
The only letters I received from my ISP is, we're raising your rates. It's like, thanks.
You know, and if you're downloading TV shows, I mean, they were on TV... I don't get it.
Well, some other very interesting news. Let's move away a little bit from the RIAA bastards.
EA and Steam have decided to make sweet love.
So there's going to be EA games that are available through Steam's service, which is Mass Effect,
Need for Speed Undercover, and Spore, and the Spore Creepy and Cute Parts Pack, FIFA
Manager 09, and Warhammer Online Age of Reckoning. So that's going to be hanging out there.
So they're getting steamy?
They're getting steamy. Also, others slated for there is Mirror's Edge Command and Conquer,
Ad Alert 3, and Dead Space.
But not mix steamy, or else the RIAA might sue them for sharing ABC shows.
What?
Nothing, never mind.
If you didn't get that joke, good for you.
Who in this room doesn't watch TV? Oh, that's me.
Even you watch some TV. You just don't watch TV, like, on TV.
I watch DVDs after the fact.
There you go.
I will going to be watching a show as soon as it's got new episodes on, when it airs.
See, American Idol.
Supernatural.
What if there's David Cook 2 on American Idol next year?
No.
Will you watch that?
And keep in mind, I watched American Idol through YouTube.
Well this year they're actually getting rid of, or they're limiting the amount of the
bad singers that they have on the show.
After that I say, great, another show I don't have to watch anymore.
So apparently, you know, Crackdown 2 is a game that I wish would come out, because Crackdown
1 was awesome, and it does need a sequel.
But of course, you know, Real Time Worlds, they're busy working on the game that I'm
going to have to get back into MMOs for, and that would be APB.
But until that happens, people still wish for Crackdown 2.
Well, there was a rumor that Crackdown 2 was actually being developed by another company,
Ruffian Games, however, that may not be the case anymore.
The studio head, Colin McDonald, actually said, you know, they would like to make the
sequel for Crackdown, although to date they have not been offered for Microsoft for Crackdown
sequel.
They are having ongoing discussions with them, and they would feel really hurt if Microsoft
went to some other studio to develop it.
Wasn't there rumors that that's exactly what Microsoft did?
Yeah, there was, but they don't know.
They said that they would doubt that Microsoft would choose a startup, I guess it says a
startup on RTW's doorstep, Ruffian, I don't know why they would choose them, I guess.
Jay Roddon in chat says, Crackdown, oh, you meant that bonus disc that came with the Halo
3 beta?
Yes, that's the one.
The game is awesome, okay, seriously.
Way better than the Halo 3 beta.
It wasn't bad, it wasn't bad.
I probably played, actually, in reality, I probably did play more Crackdown than I did
Halo 3, and I didn't even know the game.
Crackdown was awesome.
It was crack.
Down.
Down.
One more story for you guys tonight, and then we're going to get into some last minute stories
in the Skype line, and this is filed under kind of a little bit of WTF.
Xbox Live, you know, XNA has really opened it up in the whole community games thing for
people to make literally anything, and that is exactly what's happened, is literally anything
has popped up now in the store.
It's a game, quote, fireplace, and what it does, it makes all the sights and the sounds
of a winter fireplace via your Xbox 360 on the television.
It's like one of those, like, you remember the old cassette tapes that was just nothing
but the fire that you could play in the background during Christmas?
That's basically what this is.
Don't you mean a videotape?
Huh?
Don't you mean a videotape?
Yeah.
But what did they call it, like a virtual yule log or something like that?
Virtual fireplace.
I don't know what they call it.
They still have those, and they actually have Blu-rays now of virtual fireplaces.
People buy this shit.
That's the amazing thing.
We should make the official OLR yule log and just make tons and tons of money off people's
impulse buys.
I don't know.
Kind of crazy.
Apparently, you can get the demo on your Xbox 360, and you can even get that on the internet.
Just download it right away, and you can get like a little four-minute demo, but here's
the thing.
If you want the full version, it's 400 points.
Now I'm not going to give this guy a lot of shit because having talked to Aaron on a previous
show who made Snake 360 and talking to the community developers, I think there's a certain
range of points that they can charge, and so probably 400 is like all this guy can't
charge.
I don't know.
I don't know if he can charge less.
No.
No?
200.
I have some for 200.
Let's see.
Hold on.
I want to look at some video of this thing in action here.
Let's see.
I'm going to actually play a little video.
Yep.
That is definitely a virtual log.
To be honest, you could probably purchase a DVD for cheaper than five bucks.
Yeah, you could probably go to the 99 Cents store and get one of these DVDs.
The 99 Cents store has some pretty funny movies there.
In fact, that'd be really fun to make stocking stuffers with the 99 Cents clearance center
movies.
Awesome.
There's some absolute crap.
It's awesome.
That's...
God, you don't even press a button.
It would be awesome if you pressed a button and you could throw a kitten in the fire and
watch what happens.
A kitten?
I'm just kidding.
That's wrong.
No, I'm kidding.
It is wrong, but funny.
A reindeer.
That's more festive.
Or Santa.
You just watch Santa dropping the chimney into the fire.
See, that would be worth 400 points.
Or Christmas lemmings.
As Dark Tetsuya in Chat says, or a ferret.
There you go.
Tiger Claw says, there's even an app on the iPhone and iPod touch of a virtual fireplace
for only 99 cents.
I got a Zippo lighter one for free.
All right, we're going to go to some last minute stories from Loki and then we'll take
some calls on our Skype line.
Well, there's been some new patches for some PC games.
Darkrai 2 got a patch to fix their widescreen issues.
Apparently it had the same thing that was wrong with Bioshock with it.
They were kind of letterboxing it in the reverse, I guess.
But now that's fixed, so yay.
And well, other things.
Sony is claiming that they're going to get rid of their clamshell packaging.
They are working to, I guess, go greener and they actually promoted their little announcement
with a crappy video that's called Sony declares death to the clamshell.
And it was awful.
And I highly recommend that you don't watch it.
And other than that, not a whole lot else going on, man.
It's like, talk about slow going.
Well, it is Christmas week for heaven's sake, but hey, or well, you know, coming up, but
I am so excited about the clamshell news because I think those, that packaging is horrible
evil stuff.
I, oh, oh, grrr.
Clamshell packaging can go die in a fire.
I'm really excited to hear that's, I want to press a button and watch all my old clamshell
packaging get burned in the fire.
Cause that annoys me.
All right, we're taking your calls 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on orange or her username on Skype
is orange lounge radio.
I've been doing this a little bit too long.
Can you believe next week is our last show of 2008 and then we will go into the year
2009, which would be our seventh year of podcasting.
If you could believe it or seventh year of doing this show, I guess podcasting has been
around seven years, but you know what I mean?
Crazy stuff.
We're getting old.
We're getting old next year.
One of us will kill another live on air.
Just wait for it.
Stay tuned.
Would you spend $5 for a yule log game on the 360 where you could throw clamshell packages
into the fire?
I might.
I just might be willing to spend that kind of money.
Except you wouldn't because you'd have to use the D pad to do that.
And yeah.
All right.
I'm going to the chat or I'm sorry, the phone.
That's getting late and I haven't even cracked open the eggnog yet.
Hi, you're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Legend of Zaku.
What's up?
Nothing much.
You know, today's my birthday, right?
Or for the next less than 40 minutes.
Well happy Hanukkah and birthday.
Not Jewish.
That's all right.
You don't have to be Jewish to appreciate Hanukkah.
I get gelt.
I love those potato latkes though.
Hell yeah.
One of my friends was supposed to make me some of those.
That sounds delish.
Sorry, the house is turning into Silent Hill here.
The door just blew open into the house and it's kind of creepy because of all the wind
blowing outside and the storms.
Maybe in our seventh year of podcasting, Pyramid Head will rape us all live on air.
Yikes.
Nice.
All right.
What's on your mind, Zaku?
Nothing much.
Just trying to scurry up as much money as possible to get me something, at least one
game for Christmas since the last game I bought was GTA 4 back in May, like April or May.
It's been a while.
I mean, I'm unemployed right now, I'm trying to find work and I can't be pissing my money
away on unnecessary things like that when the bills have to be paid first and foremost.
I heard that Prince of Persia dropped in price the 40 bucks.
Where at?
Everywhere.
PC?
What, for PC?
No, for PS3 and Xbox 360.
See, I'm trying to give my PC some love.
I was going to ask, what one game are you thinking of buying because you must have something
in mind.
Left 4 Dead.
Left 4 Dead.
Ah, Left 4 Dead.
Why Left 4 Dead?
Well, because that's just like playing Half-Life with zombies but with at least subpar storyline
with it and I get to use my keyboard and mouse.
Nice.
Very cool, very cool.
I've heard a lot of good things about Left 4 Dead but I think that's another one of those
games that I won't probably actually get to check out until next year just because I'm
playing so much other crap like, wow.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry to hear about the financial tough times but, you know, it's something
a lot of people are going through.
I mean, I have plenty of money saved up.
I'm not worried about, you know, the bills but, you know, I can't burn that money that
quickly.
That money has to last me until I find work.
Right.
No, that's understandable.
Mm-hmm.
So, well.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, other companies are struggling.
I mean, you already had like two or, like about two or three companies going under in
one week.
Six.
Six, well, not necessarily going under but doing layoffs.
Six companies doing some type of closure or cutbacks this week.
I know, I know Factor 5 and I think Free Radical went belly up.
Yeah, we reported on it.
I don't know if you were here at the very beginning of the show but we kicked off the
show.
Factor 5, EA, Midway, Free Radical, Asper and Turbine all did some type of closure or
layoff this week.
Looks like someone's not having a Christmas party this year.
No, and it sucks.
It's really too bad.
It's really too bad.
Well, you used to work in like cell phone games and stuff.
Yes, I do.
Are you surprised?
And then this time last year I had a really nice Christmas party complete with like all
you can eat stuff, open bar, you know, Guitar Hero, SingStar right there on a big, you know,
on a nice big projection.
Are you surprised by what's happened?
I mean, it's shitty all around.
It's like, you know, ask anybody, I bet you know at least 3 or 4 or 5 people that you
know personally that are probably unemployed right now and are struggling to find work
in this economy.
I mean, I have so many skills right now.
My experience is that I'm trying my best to secure work but it's a clusterfuck because
I'm not the only one fighting for that same job.
It's like hundreds upon thousands of other people fighting for that same position, especially
here in New York.
It is very, very tough out there right now.
It's very tough.
You're lucky you still have work whereas, you know, I had to work as a contractor, you
know, since early this year since I got laid off from my full-time job.
And so, you know, I was connected and I had resources but they ran out over the summer.
Oh no, I'm thankful to have a job.
You know, I stopped bitching about the promotion I was supposed to get because a while ago
they were trying to give me a promotion to work and I stopped bitching about it for now
because I realized that, you know, I should just be lucky to have a job right now so I'm
just going to shut up.
Yeah.
It's better to have a job, you know, better to be working than not be working at all like
me right now.
Yeah.
So, well, Zaku, best of luck in your search, maybe for your birthday, somebody will give
you a new job.
Well, hopefully if you want, you know, I could give you my resume, see what you could do
with it.
But then again, I live out, you know, here in New York so it wouldn't make any sense
if I'm sending it all, I'm sending it all, I'm sending it all, I'm sending it all, I'm
sending it all.
Okay.
Which unfortunately, I don't think I have the money to do right now.
What the crap happened there?
We got like bad echo and Skype.
That was awesome.
I think closed on me.
That was weird.
Okay.
Wow.
I swear we didn't do any thing.
What the crap was that?
Skype just crashed on us in studio.
We got the error message and that happened.
What the?
robot
okay first no dude this is like the beginning of a scary movie right here
first we had the door blew open
then we have uh... something happened with zaku on the skype line there
what the shit
i'm scared to take another call let's see what happened
i don't think it was anything you did zaku sorry about that that's
but i didn't do anything either that's a weird thing
this is crazy
let's take one more call hi uh...
i saw something come up and i got excited are you going to sleep jamie?
goodnight jamie
dark knight is going to sleep
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
this is dark knight y'all must had a one miss call moment
hi dark knight what's on your mind buddy
y'all must had a one miss call moment or something when that happened
uh... it was it's very weird i don't know what the hell's going on with
skype we'll see maybe i need to upgrade but i thought i just upgraded last week
but whatever what's on your mind buddy
uh... talking about the layoffs and what not free radical i got
free radical i can understand
them shutting their doors and what not cause like i said they had one bus game and whatnot
it didn't really do much for really make much money for them at all
and what not
well yeah i mean you know it's still unfortunate they won't get a chance to
do a second one you know what i mean that's true
and they said they were working on the time splitter game right
yeah so
i mean i can understand that as far as mid weighting them doing layoffs and what not
that one kind of hard to swallow because i mean
the latest mortal kombat and what not they've been making their money off of that
i did see the mortal kombat team was left intact
mortal kombat team was left intact ok yeah mid weights kind of had a rough year outside of mortal combat
Mortal Kombat you know we don't really know how the other games is selling yet
but some of their other high-profile titles did not follow through the way
they should and to be honest I can't think of a lot of Midway games I've
gotten really excited about this year which is kind of a bummer but you know
yeah I thought I would hear people talk about Blitz but I don't even think I
heard people was talking about Blitz and everything like that
no no but then EA I mean EA is kind of you know their year hasn't been that
terrible yet they did a lot of layoffs too so it's kind of that's and that is a
big shocker to hear that EA I figured I made comment earlier saying that if one
of the big comp big game manufacturing companies did have any issues had layoffs
did we really be scratching our heads if anything else it would be interesting to
see if Nintendo say or not say a Nintendo Sony or Microsoft gets any
brunt of this but I wouldn't think so because Nintendo they don't have a lot
of workforce here you know compared to what they have over in Japan same with
Sony and then Microsoft you know I i you know they're doing pretty well for
themselves and Microsoft and so you know especially companies like Microsoft and
Sony really have much more than just well then again last week we talked
about layoffs to Sony didn't we so I guess maybe the Big 3 aren't infallible
Governments
entertainment oh thank you
it's from general the general company I don't think it was for entertainment
division but at least Microsoft Sony you know they have all those other divisions
their company they're huge huge companies not just about the games still
right still still and I mean it just and then you think about it then Sega is
like Sega having their bad luck streak with their games and whatnot all the
Sonic games and whatnot then find out problems with problems with their
online gaming division and stuff like that I'm like here we go
If Sega were to go then I'd be a lost sheep
you know I would cry with you it's just it's not just that but just that all
these companies are getting swallowed up by other companies too you know what I mean
yeah like um Koei and um Tecmo tried to go over combinations that coming up
when companies that join forces and whatnot try to save money yikes yikes scary scary
times well Dark Knight anything else on your mind before we let you go tonight
I just want to wish our guys a happy holidays and be safe and enjoy your
presents everything like that and we will do and see y'all in note 9 I'm
gonna play with my pest dispenser just open close open close open close
it is is clean on the star repel captain have a safe one
do say bye I want to close up the Skype line for now sorry we didn't take a lot
of calls tonight but damn it's cold out here I do want to give a quick plug
before we close our doors tonight I want to give a quick plug to our buddies over
under station live Travis Donovan and DMN or actually no I think he's
officially retired that title now I think he's insaneest officially now
John whatever his name is he goes to show over there on Saturday nights on
all games radio they are putting together a usl olr madness 2009 and I'm
being corrected by the chat room his new name is breast lol very ssl what what
whatever I just had to because I haven't this episode yet jerk hey you know you
love it here's the thing they are putting together the you know top game
of the year member this is really controversial last year because I ended
up breaking the tie of the whole damn thing and I picked Super Metroid over
Chrono Trigger and I got so much shit I'm still having to fucking live down
from it well here's your chance to make right what you feel was wrong last year
cuz they're doing it all over again they're soliciting right now your top 25 lists and
they want us to submit our top 25 games of all time list to them to so I think I
will have to participate in that you can send those emails with your top 25 games
to usl madness at gmail.com that's all one word or you can look for more
information on our forums
norangelandsradio.com and I'm sure plenty of others information as well
under station lives website alright that's gonna do it though tonight for
Orange Launch Radio thank you guys so much for tuning into our show and
supporting independent podcasting and independent radio we wouldn't do it
without you guys awesome is there any final thoughts you guys have before we get
out of here tonight
DarkSakura it's sort of weird having to correct my own wiki are you at the OLR
wiki I am and I just had to actually change something because I said that I
was I got my name in high school it was actually in college I haven't looked at
the wiki in a while you know I was looking at it out of you know not a bad
job though yeah it's all really good I mean it's growing I'm really mine just
the last time I looked at it mine just said tune into this show to hear about
Rob's life I thought was funny link to my myspace that's cute cuz I never
updated anymore I will say this my final thought my final thought is shit cakes
I think that the different levels and this is a different difficulty so I was
gonna play him in order but apparently one's like a level five and five-star
that's kind of hard to get my ass kicked pretty quick I still want to see a
little more about this game do you have a can't use the video thing that I tried
that later cuz I there was an update that they allowed like PlayStation
Network software to do to be able to output but it's only a classic
PlayStation games and that sucks that's bullshit
speaking of classic PlayStation games I got castlevania chronicles this week
good times good times oh hey we're gonna close out the show now thank you guys so
much for downloading and supporting independent podcasting huh I thought we
did your final thought all right the dark soccer your final thought I thought
your final thought was about your wiki yeah it's alright you can talk about the
cold all right that's gonna do it thank you so much for downloading and
supporting independent podcasting and shows like ours we won't be able to do
it without you tune in next week for our year-end special although I don't know
if we're doing that much special for it cuz it's kind of on a weird day and
Bobby's doing a year-end special right before us so we might just do a non
special year-end special however we will do listless you can be sure of that so
we'll see you next week here on orange launch radio bye you've been listening
to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to
join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not
necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all
games calm but we're probably right anyway see you next week
