Orange Lounge Radio
Loserloose, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, Microsoft has been experiencing ups and downs with the ups of Xbox One sales and the downs of layoffs. What's in store next for the one?
Also, the Playroom is set to be expanded with more tools for indie broadcasters. Could you soon see us on PlayStation 4? Find out on another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this July the 20th, 2014 with the 560th episode of our program.
We are back after a week off. We were gone last week, but we're back all again to do another program for you fine folks listening to us on our podcast feed over at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
We're available on iTunes or Stitcher or who knows where. Tune in, all these different programs.
And also, of course, live. We do tape live at the Voice of the Geeks Network, VOG Network.com, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
In studio here, my name is Rob Roberts, joining over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts. Welcome back, Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Here we go again, right?
Yeah.
You're wearing an adorable shirt tonight, by the way.
I am.
You're wearing a Mega Man shirt.
Rock-a-mon.
And I was commenting when you walked in here, I said, oh, Alan owns that same shirt. And yes, he bought it out of the woman's section. It's a t-shirt.
Yeah.
Who cares if it's guys or girls, right?
Yeah, but it's very-
F your gender norms in t-shirts, especially.
It's really hard to see in this light, but this particular color of blue makes my eyes look extra blue because I have weird colored blue hazel eyes. And so my eyes change color with what I wear.
I will point out, though, that Rock Man or Mega Man or whatever you want to call him is kind of doing that pose where he has his fist up like that. And on Alan, it doesn't really have much of an effect. But on you, it kind of looks like he's grabbing your boob.
Yeah.
Would you let Mega Man grab your boob?
No.
All right.
It's just the power that he's absorbed into his, you know, his buster.
I'm sorry. No man is allowed to grab my boob without consent. Be he fictional or real.
Fair enough. Fair enough. And I must acknowledge-
What about Garrus?
What about Garrus? That's a good one. Thank you, Tech Master Loki, by the way, also here in studio. What about Garrus?
I think Dan wouldn't mind.
Garrus may have your consent. All right, that's fair.
You know how everyone has the pass list or something? Then, yeah, maybe.
And going to our chat room over at live.voggenetwork.com because, again, we do tape live on Sunday nights, Rama says, the difference really is in the cut of the shirt.
Yeah, I know. I know. Which sadly probably makes it a little more uncomfortable for a girl to get in a guy's shirt. But not really. You just buy it. Like, you wear dance shirts and stuff, right?
Not really.
Really?
I did when we first got together because I was still in extra baggy everything mode because it was early 2000. And now, like, that Borderlands shirt that I won at GamerX that I got for playing Borderlands, the pre-sequel.
Right.
When I get a sewing machine, I'm just going to girl cut it and leave it as a tunic.
Oh. Well, that works.
I guess I'm just really spoiled being gay because one of the biggest perks is that Alan and I can, like, totally share all our shirts because we're, like, similar sizes and everything.
Well, I mean, I've before worn some of Dan's old t-shirts and I made my smock for oil painting class out of one of Dan's old shirts.
So I had this big dog shirt that had a dog with no butthole on the back of it that I was wearing. And I made a full on smock out of Dan's t-shirt. Now it's covered in oil paint.
I do want to talk about GamerX with you, but I do want to, of course, say a few more words with Techmaster Loki, who sadly could not attend GamerX this last week.
That's all right. I was pretty sick on Sunday anyways.
Oh.
Yeah, I still went to San Francisco.
What kind of sick universe is that where we go to the con and you get sick?
Well, it's because I have children and children get sick. And so apparently I caught my baby's virus and then I got it.
So basically I was running a fever in the day. And so and I was tired because I kept waking up every half an hour because of the baby.
So then I drove three hours to San Francisco. So the combination of having a fever, walking around, driving three hours, no sleep, just not fun.
And then it was crowded at Pier 39. And it's just like, I don't want to be I don't even want to fucking be here.
It's always crowded at Pier 39.
I know where you get the doughnuts.
My wife was going to get the doughnuts and she said it looked overrated.
So they are not overrated. They're amazing.
No, all I got was because I wasn't even that hungry because I said I felt like shit.
So I got ice cream there, of course, you know.
So I got ice cream and then we went like my wife's sister's like boyfriend walked us all the way down to like this fish place.
I don't even know where the hell it was. I was like, I'm like, there's fish here. Why are we walking three blocks everywhere?
I'm like, why are we walking way the hell down here for this fucking thing?
And so we got like some I got fish and chips from there.
And sadly, I couldn't enjoy it as much, you know, because like I said, I felt like crap.
Did you see where, you know, years and years ago, Orange Ons Radio, we did a live broadcast from Pier 39 of a DDR tournament.
This is this is back when OLR was a station, not just a show as in the live five days.
This would have been like probably about the third year of our existence.
Probably would have been like 2004, 2005. We actually did a live broadcast from Pier 39 at a place that is now a sports bar.
Just did you see that an arcade there?
Some it's one of those like arcades with my quotey fingers, meaning it has a crane game, a deer hunting game, one racing cabinet, a street fighter machine with monitors.
We didn't go that far down there. We probably went just just a little bit.
And we really were just trying to go to the aquarium. We did that.
And it was really short. And then afterwards, you were just like, we want to go home because there is a baseball game going on.
We're just like, oh, no, we're not going to fight this traffic. We're just going to get out of here.
Jamie and I actually cut out of GamerX a little early just because we were so exhausted.
And, you know, I think she had to get home. And, you know, we just I slept the entire way back.
You really did. And then went home and slept. Yeah, it was a sleep emergency.
And then I woke up and slept some more.
But yeah, so we didn't we weren't even really in town at all. Hardly on Sunday.
Yeah. Next time, I think we're not going to Pier 39, obviously, because that's overrated.
But I think we'll just go to Central Park or not Central Park.
Yeah, I keep thinking our New York listeners to be very happy if you want to say if I went to.
Yeah, if I went in here to go to Central Park now that we go to the parks, the park called their Golden Gate Park Gate Park.
Yeah, whatever. OK, so Golden Gate Gardens are really cute.
Yeah, I don't think so. Golden Gate Park and we probably go to the beach, you know, because Josh has never seen the ocean.
But so that's what we'll do next time. We're not even going to mess with, you know, that part of town.
I wanted to go to the Exploratorium. If I had the energy and I didn't feel like crap, I would have moved it.
It's Pier 15. Yeah, it's Pier 15.
Well, that was the other thing, too, is like we wanted to go home because the baby, you know, Danny was in his car seat like all day.
Like he's just miserable because I think it's so hot. Sure. Sure. Just like, you know, he was tired.
Let me let me shift gears here a little bit because, you know, it is a video game show.
So when I ask you about something else that has to do with gaming on Twitter this week, you've been blowing it up with codes for Destiny.
So I can't imagine anybody that didn't want to get into that.
At least it's following you on Twitter that wanted to be in the Destiny beta hasn't gotten in there one way or another.
I mean, this beta seems about as open as Gmail when it was in its beta for its fourth or fifth year.
We're like literally. Well, yeah. And every code they give you, they give you three codes. Yeah.
But yet you had all these codes. But we were talking before the show and you haven't yet to be able to play the beta yourself.
No, I didn't get a chance to. I installed it. That's about as far as it went.
And now that you're telling me that it's done today, I guess. Well, it's done on PlayStation today.
And it'll be back on Wednesday for all systems through, I think, Sunday.
And they're doing a huge stress test on the 26th.
And that is the day where if you log in after 2 p.m., you get something.
Because they're like perfectly trying to stress test it. So they're trying to give incentive for people to log in.
So if you log in after like 2 p.m., you get some item or badge or some special person item that you get to use in the main game.
But it surprised me because I'm usually not the shooter game fan. You are with the Call of Duty stuff and everything.
I hit max level in Destiny today.
It looked fun. It looked fun. I was pretty tired today and I didn't even get a chance to...
I didn't really have a lot of free time to play anything. I thought about it before I came here.
I'm like, I could play this for like an hour. But I'm like, I don't really have time right now.
I don't really want to do that. I gotta get out of the house.
I was surprised. You can piecemeal it pretty good. Meaning like if you only have like little 10 and 15 minute bursts to play,
you can play like one little story chapter in about probably not even 15 minutes.
So at least the early ones you can.
Well if it's going to be back next week for also PlayStation, then I may do that.
So I was thinking it was only on 360.
No, no. Everybody.
Or 360 and Xbox One. But yeah, I'll probably give it a shot next week then.
Excellent. I want a full report next week. Alright.
I'll talk about my own experiences in the Destiny Beta a little later when we get into How Was Your Gaming Week,
as I'm sure many of you have been trying it out.
And I want to hear all your opinions in our chat room and on email and all that good stuff.
But first, let me talk to DarkSakura about the trip because I said we would come back to this topic.
Let's talk a little bit about GamerX. You didn't get to go the first year, unfortunately.
So what were your thoughts on GamerX going for the first time?
Sadly, if we're hearing is true, there will not be a GamerX in the future.
Not under the same name.
Yeah, I kind of hope that's what they do with it.
If they want to reinvent it to be a con that has a more general name so that it doesn't feel like it's only for ga-
I mean, I said this before. There's a lot of people out there that wonder,
well, why would I go to GamerX? I'm not gay.
And I'm like, you don't get it. It's not about that.
So I think if they have to kind of change the name to get that message across,
if they go with like an Everybody Games con or whatever direction it is they're going in, I get that.
And I think that would be a good thing for the con.
But anyway, your thoughts on your first and maybe last year?
Keep in mind, I've been to a number of different conventions of various size.
This is probably the smallest one I've been to, including Mobicon in Mobile, Alabama.
Including the Sacramento ones?
The Sacramento ones have gotten really big.
Yeah, SacAnime is like really big now.
Yeah. Anyway.
But that being said, it was, I'd have to say, pretty well handled for its size.
I think that, you know, it was probably one of the more positive con experiences I've had.
Although it was, by my esteem, really casual. Really casual.
But I had a really good time.
And for me, I'm not very good around a whole lot of people.
I usually just sort of migrate on my own and go through places.
But it was nice running into people I hadn't seen in a while.
Actually, two of my good friends were there on, I ran into both of them after a cosplay contest.
And I spent most of Friday with my friend Brian. Hello, Brian.
Did you run into Explicit at the con?
I didn't. I did. He used to come to the show all the time.
He just had other things to do about five years ago. He hasn't been on in forever.
I ran into him at the con, and it's probably the first time in like five years.
He sets up with a little team. Him and his team set up the gaming rooms at conventions.
Like here in Sac, and now in the Bay Area, and all these other places.
So they're going to come on the show, and he's going to be back in like a month or so.
Right before SacAnime. I told him we were going to get him to come on.
Yeah, right?
I just see him on Facebook all the time.
Yeah, him and his posse are going to come on and talk about like setting up arcade rooms at cons.
So, it'll be fun. But anyway, sorry, I just thought I'd throw that out there.
Speaking of like people I haven't seen in forever.
Well, now, going, I thought that the games rooms were maybe a little small.
And I'm not meaning that there weren't a lot going on.
There was too much going on for the size of the rooms that the games were in.
I think it probably could have benefited by some bigger meeting rooms.
However, they were, after seeing them set up for changing the ballroom in between different panels,
going to the full size from having the mini rooms, I thought that their management of it was very well done.
They were very efficient.
The going in and talking to the convention staff, everybody was friendly, everyone was really helpful.
And I really didn't run into, like I said, I didn't run into anybody really negative as far as the con goers either.
I think it probably could have benefited from having a little bit more going on.
But other than that, it was really fun, really casual.
Now, you actually did cosplay and you entered the, I don't want to say mannequin, the masquerade, right?
You were actually in that?
Well, there's a difference between a cosplay contest and a masquerade.
Oh, sorry.
I put a hat on and somebody mistook that for me doing Joker cosplay and that's about the most cosplay I've done.
Besides the time that Rama had me wear his Black Mage outfit, I guess that was the most cosplay I ever did.
Well, I was the only Homestuck cosplayer, which surprised the crap out of me.
Because usually it's like if you get a convention, you have a small infestation of Homestucks.
However, I did run into a guy wearing a car cat t-shirt.
Well, more like the cancer t-shirt, but only in the right blood color.
And a very, very pink cape.
And he gave me a huge hug and then pulled me aside to watch Homestuck fan animations.
And I wish I still had his name. I feel really stupid, but he was a really great guy.
Shout out if you're out there listening.
I totally would have worn my dusty old Sackboy costume if I had went.
Oh my gosh.
It's still in my garage.
You would have totally won something.
Although the cosplayers, the Maleficent, so beautiful.
We had a drag Maleficent. So nice.
Honestly, what I really loved about the cosplay contest is that no matter if the cosplay was really intricate,
like that Roy in the Mario Kart, in a cart.
Oh, the Roy Koopa was...
That was phenomenal. The Drow Queen. She was amazing.
And she's so sweet. We chatted before the thing.
And whether it be something way up on that level or something where it was more conceptual.
Who was the lady that came out that was like the PMS Avenger or something like that?
Oh, no. Hot Flash.
Okay, I was at the Hot Flash.
From her own webcomic.
I knew it was some type of...
That's a good way to promote your work though.
Right? Yeah. But no matter where they were at,
I mean, no matter if the cosplay was very intricate or very conceptual, whatever,
everybody was really positive.
And it's not to say that other cosplay contests aren't like that.
That's not what I'm saying.
But I didn't even feel like people were snickering or chatting.
People were just really excited to see all this diversity.
And I'm not just saying that in terms of GLBTQ, YA, all that stuff.
I'm talking about diversity in what they were seeing on stage.
Yeah. And on top of that too, I ran into a trio of Dragon Age cosplayers.
One of which I'm now Tumblr buddies with.
Nice.
And they were all so sweet and positive.
We sat and talked shop about cosplay for a little bit and talked about Dragon Age.
And they were as nice as they could be. They were great.
Some of the first people I met at the convention.
But you saw people who really put a lot of effort into their passion.
And it was really cool.
It was a lot of...
There was no judgment on anybody.
And I'll tell you this, I mean, while I was the only Homestuck cosplayer,
it was pretty nice having a couple of people actually recognize the character
and get pictures here and there.
Because I was like, oh, that's fun.
And even though if I went around half high from huffing E6000,
it was really cool just sitting down and getting a chance to hang out.
Because it was so much more casual.
I got to really discuss the types of things that I usually only get on forums.
I'll just say quickly, and Rama in our chat room says,
I assume there's pictures for us to see, right?
There's a video coming and it's very, very well done by our pal Eddie
at Starboard Power Coupling Podcast.
I don't think Dark Soccer's cosplay is in the video, sadly, but...
There's a really awful picture of me that someone took.
I'll just post my selfie because my selfie went okay.
There you go.
But it was funny even though my prop wasn't as good as I wanted it to be.
The sphere turned out epic.
And so I had people wanting me to poke them with my giant Skaia fork.
And I said, well, I have to have your consent.
Because one of the rules of peace binding is that you couldn't poke someone
without their consent.
So I just walked around, hey, can I poke you?
Nice.
Which was really funny.
And I was actually really grateful to have Brian around for some of that
because I was having to manage my stuff and my costume
and the giant red fork of death.
Akdeft in our chat room says,
Sky and Dark Soccer, confirm or deny,
was GamerX the best smelling con you've ever been to?
There was no confunk.
Seriously.
Okay, there was an occasional whiff of Axe douchebag spray.
But other than that, you know, not really.
Hey, now I have smashed douchebag spray in the back.
I use it sparingly.
Well, I bought Dan Axe deodorant because it only smells minorly of douchebag.
And I do go around buying my husband's deodorant and smelling it
to determine what I want my husband to smell like.
That's fair. That's fair.
Anyway, I want to say a couple of things about the con too
because I was really proud.
I think I was really proud of GamerX 2
and how it's really grown since the first one.
And, you know, I was asked this on Twitter this week,
and that is, like, what most surprised you about GamerX 2?
And to be honest, although this sounds really weird,
my honest answer was that there was more gaming content at GamerX 2.
Weird.
And, like, I know that sounds like a really weird answer,
but, like, the first year really felt like
we are like-minded people getting together to throw a party.
And that was still continuing this year.
Like, we are still, like, all these inclusive like-minded people
trying to get together to throw a party.
But now it's like, and now some companies are taking notice
and actually wanting to be a part of that too.
The gearbox panel is really awesome.
And props to 2K, you know.
And they did a great job showing Borderlands the pre-sequel,
which is the first...
It's so fun.
...which is the first time they've shown that in playable form.
They had a wrestling game there too.
I totally don't know shit about wrestling.
WWE 2K.
Is that it? All right, thank you. Sorry.
Look, I can't follow everything.
And the wrestler guy was there, Darren Young.
Darren Young was there, yeah.
He was, like, their big guest this year.
And then, you know what, Ubisoft,
despite all the crap they got for the Assassin's Creed thing,
and, you know, rightfully so, and the cosplayers even,
you've all seen this by now,
the ladies wearing the boxes that said,
too hard to render.
Yeah, that was great.
They were actually walking past the window
when Alan and I were waiting for you.
Oh, how funny.
Yeah.
They're in the video Eddie took too.
Ubisoft seemed to, you know, take their licks in good stride,
and they actually had, like, a Celebrate Diversity poster
with the Rayman Rabbids.
I'm sorry, not the Rayman Rabbids.
The Raving Rabbids in all the, like, different colors.
And they were, you know, doing giveaways and stuff too.
And indie games.
Can we talk about the indie games?
That rabbit butchering game was great.
The game, the perfect woman game,
did you play the Connect one?
I saw it, and I just watched people play it.
I wasn't going to play it.
It was really well done.
It's one of the, you play, you play, like,
a woman who's going through these different struggles,
but it's one of those things where it's, like,
you're kind of laughing at how absurd it is,
but then when you really take a step back and look at it,
you're like, this kind of is sad.
This isn't funny.
This is sad.
Because, like, you start and, like,
you'll do a stage where it's like you're age seven,
and you are doing child labor in a factory
and making Walmart shirts or something like that.
And you have to, you move your arms in different poses
and things, and the better you do,
you know, the better you go on.
And then it's like, at one point, I swear to God,
there's a stage where it's like,
you're 60 years old and you've become a whore.
Like, and you do all these, like, sexual positions
as this old grandma.
I mean, it's one of those things where it's like,
this is, like, I'm laughing at how absurd it is,
but then I'm like, this is not funny.
So then you kind of see the, you know,
the progress you make and so forth.
And that was, if there is an outside the box type of game
or even, like, a best of show, that game was it.
I love that game.
And then there were other really neat games, too.
The rabbit game, though, was great.
Where you play, it's sort of like Smash Brothers meets Mappy.
Uh-huh.
It was the big four player game where you play
as little pixelated rabbits.
I thought you were the one that told me about that,
or maybe it was Brian that told me about it.
The duck game is the one I played.
Duck, that was what I was thinking.
Oh, yeah, duck game.
Okay, get this.
Okay, I want the duck game.
Get this.
That was on Ouya.
They had an Ouya room,
and they were showing some different Ouya games,
and I kind of walked out of there going,
you know, I know Loki really bags on the Ouya,
but I liked a lot of the stuff I was seeing.
I kind of walked out of there going,
I might want to get an Ouya.
And don't forget about don't play Jenga on the ice.
That's later.
But, yeah, they had the duck game.
They had, of course, read-only memories
is something that, you know, the company behind GamerX
is trying to promote because that's their game as well.
They had another like music hybrid game
that I didn't really get to play a lot of.
I heard more about it in one of the panels.
But that was, you know, neat looking.
So, yeah, it was like kind of the duck game especially.
It was really fun.
So I was looking forward to getting an Ouya possibly to try that.
And, you know, again, more indie games,
very well represented, very happy about that.
What was I going to say?
Oh, yeah, so it was great to hang out with the other podcasters, of course.
That part was really cool.
Just it's like being at home and being at family.
It's like going to that family reunion every year.
That's what GamerX felt like.
Did you get a better turnout for the cross zone panel this year?
Yeah, actually.
Well, last year.
I missed the full room.
Last year wasn't bad.
This year was probably like three quarters full of the room.
So it was pretty good because it was a bigger room than last year.
So it was nice.
Yeah, it's all on video.
So that'll be out there at some point.
And, yeah, it was a great panel.
Had a really good time.
Dark Sakura was on the panel.
Anything you want to summarize about it real quick?
It felt like a really positive experience
although like the one photo I saw of you is really derpy.
I was in mid-explanation like bleh.
We went to a private celebration party Saturday night
and that is where the Jenga-thon continued.
I don't know how it started,
but all us little podcast sisters were playing Jenga like hardcore.
And I don't mean like just lighthearted fun Jenga.
I'm talking like this is serious business here with Jenga.
And then also in the board game room somebody had brought Don't Break the Ice.
So somewhere it changed from Jenga to playing Don't Break the Ice.
Meanwhile the other group of us was playing Cards Against Humanity.
Yes, yes.
Which wasn't it, I think it was Eddie's first time playing it.
Oh yeah.
So that was pretty, I love when you get Cards Against Humanity virgins.
And they did give out new decks at GamerX.
I didn't get anything.
They were hidden.
Do you know how they had the big candy bowls out that had candy in them?
Yeah.
The decks were underneath the candy.
So if you went into the bowl to pick the candy there were decks in there.
Oh God.
So yeah, somebody like Grandpa or somebody got Reject decks.
But I don't think it's unique to GamerX.
I think they've been at other cons too.
But the Reject decks were there.
That was pretty cool.
I did get some League of Legends skins.
Which, since I'm going to start playing it, it was kind of an incentive to start playing it again.
There you go.
Yeah, the cosplayers actually got some goodies.
If you were cosplaying you had access to the Cospetality Lounge.
And they were giving out, because League of Legends was also a sponsor of the convention,
they had two different skin cards.
And then you got a pin that has a mask on it.
You know, the old style Harlequin masks.
Oh nice.
That said Cosplay 2014.
A nice, legit pin.
So it was really, really nice.
That's really cool.
And that's a lot of the craftspeople too.
We just, you know, basically just hung out shooting the shit about art.
About, you know, commissions and laws and that type of thing.
And the one lady was like, oh yeah, I totally recycled Disney pins into stopwatches.
So it was actually really cool.
I was really admiring her work.
I was really happy for that gal that won the audience favorite.
Because she said it was her first time ever doing cosplay.
Right?
The loth.
Like, she was legit, like, choking on stage and starting to cry.
And I got a little verklempt sitting in the audience.
Because she was an older lady, right?
She was like late 40s or something, she said?
A little older than me, yeah.
But she and I were talking before the costume contest,
and we were actually talking about making teeth.
Because her fangs were fitting her a little bit badly.
And we were just talking about, you know, making your own teeth
versus ordering acrylic teeth versus having them made.
And so that was the other thing, too.
I love just hanging out when you're in a casual.
And it was a contest, but there was no competition, if you know what I mean.
There were no real major egos involved.
Everyone was hanging out, having a good time.
I ran into a good Cecil cosplayer for Welcome to the Night Vale.
And he and I hung out after the OLR panel.
He was in there.
Oh yeah, yeah.
And we were just hanging out there chatting, and then we chatted before the thing.
And I hung out with a couple of Assassin's Creed cosplayers,
and my friend Caitlin, who I met through school.
She was cosplaying Link, the one with the good chain mail.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Nice.
And so she's just running into people I hadn't seen in a while.
We could talk on and on and on about the con.
I do want to get to this week in gaming.
But real quick, just one other question.
If they do do something next year, I mean, obviously it won't be Gamer X3.
You said doo-doo.
Oh, stop.
If they do decide to do a con next year under another name, will you go?
Sure.
Yeah, me too. Absolutely.
I'm really rooting for those guys.
I hope they broke even, at least if not made a tiny profit.
And I hope they can pull it out for next year.
I just think that it needs to be somewhere other than in the city.
I think they might want to look at to save on expense.
I know they really, really want to keep it in the city, and I know what that means.
But maybe move it out towards SFO?
See, I honestly, honestly think that maybe in the same place that YowieCon's been a few years,
because that was a really, really good con site.
It's a little hard when you have to travel between multiple floors to get to your panels and your rooms.
That was really the biggest complaint I had.
Don't count San Jose out either. San Jose is a great town.
I'm not saying San Jose out, but I'm saying be close enough to the city, but not be limited by being in the city.
Because that was one of the hotels outside Barlingame.
Great location, good view of the bay, everything was nice.
But the big thing is that I think it really needs to be opened up to younger people and not be 18 and up.
While it was fine to have it not be so completely overrun,
I think that having it open to younger people is definitely going to give more encouragement to people who are struggling.
I've been hearing that feedback a lot, so good, good.
Alright, well, let's move on. More on GamerX to come to vognetwork.com.
We have that video, the VOG vlog will be coming soon, and some interviews I did there will be coming soon as well.
So, excited about that.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks. On to the video games and the types of games that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off with how was your gaming week?
I played Final Fantasy XIV a little bit, finished up more quests that I still had open.
Back into Bravely Default a little bit, I've just been really slacking off on playing.
And I actually downloaded Bejeweled 3 on Steam, just because I have this weird stupid addiction to puzzle games like that.
And I think I played Bejeweled 3 for like two hours one night when my brain was completely non-functional.
It was, I don't even know why I did that.
And then I have the Adventure Time game and finally decided to hook up my controller, so I'm going to be playing a little bit more of that.
Other than that, I've, I don't know, I really haven't been doing much gaming this past week,
just because I was so tired after the convention. So, I don't know, what are you playing, Loki?
I am playing nothing, because I've been working on my game.
Because of baby plagues?
No, because I'm working on my game and yeah, I'm mostly just not having time.
I did download the Destiny beta, but didn't get a chance to actually play it, so hopefully when it launches back up again next Wednesday,
I'll get to actually try that a little bit. Maybe I'll take some time off to actually play some games.
Just not really, I don't know, I didn't really want to get back into my Steam backlog right now, because it's so big.
But I'll have to figure something out. That and Minecraft need to really do some updates on the Minecraft stuff,
just because it's poor and desolate right now.
We need to weed.
Well, I don't know, hopefully no one's gone in there and destroyed everything, because...
We had a whitelist server, so I doubt that's happened.
Yeah, so I don't know, I'm just trying to figure out a way to get more people to play.
It's almost like I kind of wish we would have joined another server that already had an established base there, but it's just...
I'll play more this week.
We'll see, I don't know.
If you set a day, we can try and all be on.
I just have to update it again, and just get all the updates in place, and then kind of go through.
I was going to update the arena, but I was developing weapons and stuff in there, and I just didn't get a chance.
I kind of got distracted, so we'll see.
I forgot, because we weren't here last week as well, to the other games that I played.
Other than the indie games there, there was Borderlands, the pre-sequel.
Isn't that what it was called?
Yeah.
That was fun.
I suck playing it on a controller, because I've been playing it on PC, but it was really, really super fun.
I really wanted to ask them about the fact that most of the characters are robots, so the fact that running out of air wouldn't really affect them...
It'd only be, I think, if you were playing Claptrap.
Well, Claptrap... Oh, that's right. The other guy that became a robot, he's actually human, but yeah.
But yeah, the other three playables were human.
I was very happy, because my favorite character in Borderlands 2 is asexual.
Maya.
Oh.
The siren.
Interesting.
I didn't know that they...
That's why they came out on one of the panels, didn't it?
I asked the question. They gave me the answer.
Interesting.
So, yes.
Official.
There it is. Official.
Alright, my gaming week, then. I will talk a little bit about what I've been playing this week.
So, I mentioned the Destiny beta earlier, and I've played it enough where I've hit max level, which isn't...
Yeah, it's only level 8. It's not like I have to play a lot a lot, but it means I'm playing it enough where I enjoy it.
So, here's what I actually kind of compared Destiny to, and I know a lot of you guys have been playing it, so I'm kind of curious what you guys think of this comparison.
I kind of think Destiny is Halo, obviously, mixed with, you ready for it? Fantasy Star Online, I think is the best way to describe Destiny.
And the reason why I say that is because obviously it has those kind of like MMO components where you pick up quests and things, which I think makes it really easy to compare it to World of Warcraft.
But I actually think the way it's designed feels a little more like Fantasy Star Online, because you have that centralized hub that has all your shops where you get all the upgrades, and then you have the different places that you visit in that hub.
But then you go out into the world, and you're going to the same zone over and over again.
And it's not as repetitive as necessarily as it was in Fantasy Star Online, where it was like Forest, Forest 2, Forest 3.
But you're certainly going to the old Russia map, and okay, this time you land here, and you're going into this building and exploring.
Or this time you're going to go onto the other side of the map beyond this hill, and you're going on your mount, on your rocket over here, because you've got to go find some people over here.
So it's like you're going to different portions of the map, and then eventually you open up an explore mode where it's just, okay, now you're on the map, and you do pretty much whatever you want.
Kill whatever you want for experience, and if you see these beacons, you can pick up these quests and do that too.
So in that way, and not only that, but you can put together your parties of one to three people to take on this content together.
So in that regard, it felt a lot like PSO to me, because PSO, you can do it by yourself, or you can do it with other people, and that whole thing.
I did try to do the PvP a little bit. There's a section of Destiny called the Crucible, which is essentially what you would be looking for in what the makers of Halo are going to do next.
There was a little capture the flag type game in the beta, where you basically hold three points.
I am awful at it, which I expected, because I'm really bad at first person shooters. So in that regard, it kind of takes the fun out of it when you're playing against really, really good people, and it's like you just die, die, die.
And even though I couldn't hear anybody, that's probably for the best, because I was probably getting called all sorts of names in the book, and it's just, you know.
I did notice though, and to Destiny's credit, it seemed like after I had died for the fifth time, a little thing popped up and said stat boost.
So I think it actually does start to take pity on you if it realizes you really, really suck, and it actually boosts your stats, which I'm thankful for that, because I need some boosted stats.
But the cool thing is, I didn't even really have to touch that. I did that because I wanted to check it out so I could say something about it if I'm going to do a quote, quote review of the beta, although you really shouldn't review betas.
But y'all, everybody's playing it, and y'all making impressions on the game from it anyway. I'm doing the same thing.
And in a positive way, I think with this game, I don't know if I necessarily would have been like totally wanting to buy it day one, but now after this beta, I'm like, yeah, I'll buy it day one.
Because there's enough single player and co-op material to make it really interesting.
I did a dungeon, I'm using my quotey fingers, a dungeon, although they call it a strike team mission. It's all the tropes of a World of Warcraft dungeon where it's like you go in an instance and you get a few mobs and then you have these boss monsters that you kill and so forth.
It doesn't seem like everybody plays a unique role yet, but I bet they will later, where like the warlock can do certain things, the titan can do certain things.
But I ran one of those dungeons with Ian from Koopa Club, who's pretty good at Destiny and was helping me out and reviving me a lot, and that was actually a lot, a lot of fun.
We had a random guy that joined the party too, who had to revive me like all the time, but we got through it without completely dying and having to start from the beginning, so I was really happy with that progress. I got a ton of XP from it too.
Go into our chatroom over at live.vognetworld.com. Fifth Dream says, I ran around and died in Quake for many hours. I probably got two kills.
Sjo100Matt says, Aren't there buffs in some MMOs that do the same thing? If you fail to raid a few times, you get a special buff?
Yes and no, Sjo100Matt. They do that for usually PvE content, but not PvP that I've seen. I'm sure some of the MMOs out there have it, but just not one that I can think of off the top of my head.
Brad from Paw Culture agrees with my assessment. That's exactly what I thought, and that's like peanut butter and chocolate for me. Very good.
That sounds like, well, they do that for like, I know Call of Duty does that. They have death streaks where if you die, you know, five times or four times in a row without getting a kill, you get a perk.
There you go.
It's usually something really minor just to help you out a little bit.
Alan Alchemy says, Unreal Tournament is the only competitive arena FPS where I still have a good time even when I got juiced to respawn every two seconds and sucked out loud. I'll probably have more fun with it when I play with friends.
I think if I could do PvP with friends, it would be more fun. And to be fair, my buddy Justin tried to invite me to a game last night, but I wasn't a high enough level yet. So he tried to get me into PvP, but I couldn't do it.
So, there's that. Yeah, I liked Destiny enough where I'm going to for sure buy the full game day one. I'm on board now. Like, I didn't think I'd like it that much because I suck at first person shooters, but I loved the Phantasy Star Online element of it.
Made it so that if I wanted to play an easier level over and over to try and level up a little bit, like, I really like that.
The one thing I am going to razz Destiny on is kind of the same thing a lot of people are picking on, but it really is a problem.
The story and the voice acting are not at the same level as the rest of the game. And I am going to pick on the same thing a lot of people are picking on.
The voice of Ghost in particular and Peter Dinklage's acting is not up to par with the rest of the game.
And I know that sounds like a pretty shitty thing to say about a great actor, but the reality is some lines are laughably bad.
Like when you're fighting a boss and the ghost suddenly pipes up and says,
It's coming through the wall! Like, it's just really awkward.
Like, I'm just like, okay, turn him off. Shut him up. Can we change the ghost or whatever?
I don't necessarily blame Peter Dinklage for that. I worry part of that is in the direction of the game.
And maybe just that the ghost character is very bland.
And if you think about it, we've had some really strong support characters with you in other games of a similar nature.
Borderlands, right? Another which I didn't even invoke Borderlands necessarily with Destiny, but obviously a lot of similarities there too.
But Claptrap, come on, awesome character, awesome support, right?
Look at Portal, GLaDOS always taunting you.
Or Wheatley.
Or Wheatley, right? Great characters.
You know, Ghost is not that, is nowhere near that same level. Ghost is bland.
And that I think is one of the worst possible things you can do.
Or even like, was it the Arbiter or whatever?
There's this random cutscene too that was just really uninteresting that I wanted to skip.
So, again, it's a beta, so I'm not going to say this is the way the game is, period.
I realize there's parts of the story I probably haven't seen, more layers of the onion to peel back and so forth.
Well, isn't this something that they're talking about stretching out for like ten years or something?
You know, like, Destiny?
Yeah, I don't know if it's through DLC or what that is, but I am a little concerned that Ghost may not be fixable at this point.
The game will survive on its strong gameplay, but that is going to be a detraction from the game, unfortunately.
It would be great if you can switch Ghost with a different Ghost at some point.
It could seem like that's something you could do by looking at the inventory, but we'll see what happens with that later on.
So, let's see.
Fifth Dream says, well, he's a robot drone thing, so I get that maybe it's supposed to be the mood he's supposed to be,
but if he's a motionless drone, then he shouldn't also be going,
It's coming through the wall!
Go for A or B, but not this weird, awkward point in between.
Just make him completely Tyrion Lannister, that's all you need to do.
Fuck this trying to act like a robot, just Lannister all the way.
That would be perfect.
Alan Alchemy says, a motionless robot without empathy isn't a very good mood to set in an action game.
Maybe that's the direction he got.
You're a robot, so you don't actually give a fuck about anything. Talk like that, perhaps.
Brad from PodCulture says, everything is fixable, just a matter of how much work you want to do on it.
And Fifth Dream says, I don't know, I liked Ghost, maybe I'm weird.
I also hate Sailor Moon Crystal, so maybe I'm weird.
Hey, it's the show where every gamer has a voice. Every weird gamer gets a voice in Fifth Dream.
Alright, again, I don't want to harp on that too much, because that's one minor little blip on what otherwise is going to be a fantastic game.
So, yeah, looking forward to that on, what is it, 9-9 that that's out?
I know it's one of those dates that plays the numerology, so very cool.
Otherwise, I've just been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV.
I got my Scholar to level 50, woohoo, and we took down Good King Mooglemawg Extreme this week, so that was neat.
We tried to do some pulls on Ramu on Extreme mode, and wow, that was a clusterfuck, but I felt progress, so that was a good place to be.
And also, I want to shout out this, because Alan finally linked his Steam library in mine, so I can play all the games he has that I don't.
And one of those games I spent a little time with the other night was Pac-Man Championship Edition, or Championship Edition Deluxe, excuse me,
which I've played to death on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, but come on, I had to play it on the PC as well,
and it was weird seeing the little arrows by Pac-Man where you could actually see what direction you've punched in to go next.
I don't remember that being in the other versions, but it actually kind of, especially when you're going slower speeds,
it enhances things a little bit, because it's like, oh, now I can see what direction I'm going in.
When you're at speed level 40 or 50, though, things are moving too fast, you can't even look at that arrow.
But yeah, a strong, fun game as it was before.
Alright, that's it for our gaming weeks. Let's do some quick plugs. Housekeeping.
We will be here for the next several weeks. The next week we will not be here is Labor Day weekend.
We will not be here Labor Day weekend, as I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta.
And being that it is Labor Day weekend, a lot of people here in the States have other plans and go off and do other things,
which would likely include Loki and Dark Soccer and many of you that are listening.
So we will not be here Labor Day weekend. I think Dark Soccer, you said you're going to SAC Anime, right?
I might.
Yeah, so you got that. So we will not be here Labor Day weekend.
If you are in the Atlanta area, or really anywhere within a 500 mile radius of Atlanta,
I do hope you come to check out Dragon Con. Lots of VOG personalities will be there.
I don't have the entire list memorized, but I know at least myself, Travis from Understation Live,
Bobby from Bobby Black Wolf, I'm pretty sure John from Critical Miss is going to be there,
and other guys from Network. I think Brian from British Invaders is there this year.
Lots of people will be there, and we do have a panel on Monday to talk about networking.
And then Bobby and I will be on some other panels throughout the weekend. Very excited about that.
So Dragon Con 2014 is only like six weeks away. But sadly, OLR will not be here that weekend.
That is Labor Day weekend.
That's that.
Plugs. Follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR. Follow us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And I am going to start plugging this every week, because Jason worked very hard on this,
and we don't really give it enough credit.
I want to plug our YouTube channels. That's YouTube user Orange Lounge Radio.
Do subscribe to us over there, and check out the videos when they're posted of our episodes.
It's a great way for you to listen to OLR on anything.
If you want to listen on your 3DS, you can do that, thanks to YouTube.
So check that out on YouTube.
That's it for plugs. How about gaming news?
45 minutes into the show, it's time to get to some gaming news. Let's do it.
Yes. So Microsoft, they have put out the word that, hey, guess what?
You know, when you take $100 off of a console, it's going to sell better.
And that's the case with the Connectless Xbox One.
It's actually double the monthly sales of the Xbox One console, so not bad.
They haven't said exactly how many systems were sold during that time, but they have shipped,
I guess in April they said they have shipped 5 million systems, so I don't know where they're at exactly yet.
We'll have to wait until the MPD numbers come out, I guess, in a few more weeks, I want to say.
So yeah, that's pretty cool.
And see, my question though still is, they don't have the Kinect available separately yet,
except I know they have the Kinect 2.0 for PC, which is $200, and that makes absolutely no sense to me.
And I think that's mainly for developers, but they don't have the Kinect sold separately.
And on top of that, the games that do require Kinect don't have the labeling on them like they do on the Xbox 360.
So for example, when Fantasia comes out, if you're a consumer and you don't know what you're doing,
and you buy an Xbox One without Kinect, and you buy that game, you're fucked.
Because you didn't know that it required Kinect, because it doesn't say on it.
So I'm surprised they haven't figured that out yet.
So yeah. If I were to buy an Xbox One, I probably would get the Kinect version.
Just because you never know what they're going to use that for later on.
Like if that's going to tie in with their VR stuff or who knows.
But I'd still want it for $399.
Do you think this is the beginning of a trend for Microsoft that's in some ways badly needed?
The backpedaling? No, they've done that for a long time.
I'm talking about the actual sales and all this.
Yeah, I mean that definitely helps. I think more of the strong lineup that they've got coming third party and first party is more going to help them.
Sorry, let me rephrase. Are more sales a good thing? Yes, stupid. Of course they are.
What I really mean by that is, is this a good sign that this could continue this inertia through the very important holiday season?
I think so. I think both systems are going to see a pretty decent boost in sales because there's a lot of good games coming out.
That being said though, there's still on PlayStation 4, there's not a lot of first party games that I really want to sell me that system.
That's kind of the thing. I really want a PlayStation 4 more than I want an Xbox One.
Just because I like the PlayStation Plus stuff and all that.
But I can't see myself getting a PlayStation 4 right now because there's actually more Xbox One games I want to play.
Well, really only one Xbox One game I want to play right now. Forza Horizon 2.
There's just not enough exclusives right now. I wish half those 2015 games were coming out fourth quarter because that would really sell me a system.
And that's the other thing too, is by 2015 fourth quarter, I need to have both systems. All three systems because there's so many great games.
I'm pretty sure the Halo collection and the fact that I can play Halo 2 with my friends all over again is going to be the thing that pushes me over the edge on Xbox.
I don't know. I like Halo, but I don't know if I'd want to buy that.
Well, I mean, that's the thing that's pushing me over the edge. I still want also Sunset Overdrive. I'd like to try it.
Oh yeah, Sunset Overdrive definitely is going to be awesome.
There's other things that are sweetening the pot too, but that's the thing where it's like, alright, you broke me, that's the one.
But that's the thing, they don't really have a whole lot, like first party stuff for Playstation 4, they don't really have a ton. They have LittleBigPlanet 3.
And that's not even really, I mean, I don't think that's going to sell anyone's systems. Especially since it's on Playstation 3 as well.
And that's Drive Club, but that was supposed to have been out last year anyways. That's not really, it's really third party stuff that's kind of pushing, but that's both systems.
I mean, you can, I don't need the buy, but that's the other thing too. A lot of games do play slightly better on the Playstation 4 versus the Xbox ones.
I'm pretty sure come holiday, Sony's going to sweeten the pot on the Playstation 4 by keeping the same price for the system.
So $3.99, but they're going to start to include games with it, or download codes for games, or free Playstation Plus or something with it.
Like some of their, at this point, aging games like Knack, these things can just be thrown in.
I mean, those copies aren't flying off the shelves anymore.
Yeah, they're not worth anything though.
To somebody who might be sitting there going, Xbox One looks cool, but Playstation 4 also cool and comes with two games.
But see, yeah, and I understand that they can do that, but they're even kind of doing that already with the Xbox One.
I mean, they had, was it for a while there, they were giving out Titanfall with stuff, and they were also doing Forza 5, and it was still the same price.
I want to say, I have to look it up though, because I can't remember, but I want to say that the Destiny bundle that they have coming out in September
is not the same price as just the standalone system.
I want to say it's actually more, so I don't know if you're really saving any money there.
Let's see here, if you know it's for Destiny.
But, I don't know, I wouldn't necessarily want to buy the system for Destiny.
Yeah, $4.49, so it's $50 more, so you're saving a little bit of money, and I mean, what are you really getting?
The system looks a little bit different, and you get, you know, a trial to, you know, a 30-day trial to PlayStation Plus, which is woohoo, I mean.
But, that doesn't seem like much of a deal, you're really only saving about like $10 there.
Brad from Pod Culture in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Sky, Sony should keep the price and include the cameras, kind of an FU to Xbox.
You know, during E3 this year, there was a point where Bobby and I looked at each other, and if he's in chat right now and listening, he'll tell you this is true.
We looked at each other going, they're gonna do it, they're gonna do it.
Because it was the way they were talking or whatever, we're like, they're gonna fucking do it, they're gonna include the camera, this is gonna be the kick em in the balls moment.
You know, like, oh my god, oh my god.
And then it ended up being something else, and we were like, oh.
That could've been such a moment.
But like, I know we're gonna be talking about it a little bit later, but they're still not utilizing that camera for anything.
Like, they're not.
There's not, outside of Just Dance and so forth, there's not.
The fair thing is, to be fair, at least Sony was never trying to kind of go out there and going, this is an essential part of the system.
You need, you know, it was always like, okay, yeah, it's there if you want it.
And you can stream with it, and you can play Just Dance, we have the playroom and all that.
You know, it's a fun little thing, but, you know, it's not required.
And yet that thing was still flying off of shelves because of the streaming component alone.
People really wanted that camera for the live streaming.
So, I don't know. I still, I want these systems.
I mean, ironically, you know, the Wii U has more games for it right now.
They're coming out fourth quarter.
I mean, Smash Brothers and Mario Kart, I could see myself playing that stuff, but it's just, you know, I don't know.
It's hard to decide what system I'd want to get.
I guess I'd have to wait until the fourth quarter, see if there's gonna be any more price drops or anything like that.
I don't think there's gonna be any price drops, but bundles or something.
It's always good to wait.
I forgot about this. Bobby just linked to a picture from the E3 wrap-up this year in one of the galleries.
And he linked to a picture, and that was me.
He had his camera out ready to take a picture of me at the moment that they announced that the camera was gonna be included.
Like, to get my big, like, ah face, you know.
But then it ended up being something else, so my picture's a little more reserved, where I'm like, hmm.
But he had his camera out ready to go. That was funny.
Alright, let's move on.
Something that you can play probably on your One and your PlayStation 4.
Tekken 7. Tekken 7, it's happening.
IGN, I guess, kind of spoiled things a little bit, talking that Tekken 7 was coming.
And this was before the developer actually announced it.
Of course, the EVO was going on last week while we weren't here, and this is where Tekken 7 was finally unveiled.
Tekken 7 will be running on Unreal Engine 4.
It's in development for the PS4 and the Xbox One.
No word about the Wii U, but don't count on it.
If it's Unreal Engine 4, it's definitely not coming to the Wii U.
Yep. Unless they get some type of downgraded version.
Coming on the GameCube!
Now, this is what's also interesting.
Producer Katsuhiro Harada announced this at EVO 2014 to officially announce the game.
However, this was not the game they were originally planning to announce.
There was no trailer prepared for Tekken 7 because of this.
They had to do one very quickly in his hotel room.
They put the Tekken trailer together quickly.
And they asked fans to show excitement for the video to overcome the difficulties of having to explain to his boss at Namco Bandai when he gets back to Japan.
Because, again, that was not the game that they were supposed to reveal.
What was the game they were supposed to reveal?
Don't know.
Now, more information to come at San Diego Comic-Con on this game.
Apparently, that was the place where they were going to reveal this.
Interesting that a lot of gaming news is going to come out of San Diego Comic-Con this year.
Well, gee. What other game could they possibly be talking about?
Probably either, I'm guessing, Tekken Cross Street Fighter?
Maybe. I mean, what the hell ever happened to that, right?
Because, I mean, obviously if they have an engine now built for Tekken 7, that's going to be the engine that that's running on.
Right.
So, I'd be willing to, but that's probably what it is.
Or who knows? It could also be a new Soul Calibur game.
Or something, you know, one of their other franchises.
Because it's been Soul Calibur 5.
That was a while ago.
It was a while ago now, so it could be due for that too.
So, we'll see. We'll see.
But, yeah, Tekken Cross Street Fighter is more likely.
But, I'm sure there will be plenty more news to come out of San Diego Comic-Con.
Among other things is what Nintendo is going to be there.
I just didn't mean to interrupt you.
Oh, that's okay.
It's Evo.
Evo. Sorry.
Evolution.
Oh, okay.
Did you hear about the guy who wasn't...
Sorry, before you all make fun of me, ask me how good I am at fighting games.
I'm not. Sorry.
By the way, did you hear about the guy who just...
Street Fighter wasn't even his game and he went in and just won the whole thing.
Oh, really? Was that the guy who won on the PlayStation 1 controller?
Yeah, it was the PlayStation controller.
It was awesome.
We were watching him play as Rose.
You know why I call it Evo?
Because I think of that song from 2DX Red.
E-V-O-66.
You remember that song?
Anybody?
Hello? Dark Tetsuya has to know what I'm talking about. Somebody.
Alright, anyway.
Fine then, Dark Soccer. Why don't you take the floor with another story?
Well, maybe I will then. Geez, Rob.
Well, how about some crappy news?
Everyone likes crap, don't they?
Microsoft is laying off 18,000 employees and closing Xbox Entertainment Studios.
Basically coming from Phil Spencer is saying that...
Well, he says he expects to close Xbox Entertainment Studios.
And then says, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the accomplishments of the entire team.
Even though we're laying you off.
But yeah.
It's basically, they're going to be letting a lot of people go.
Which of course means that a whole lot of people are going to be jobless.
Which, again, I could say certain things about that, but I'm not going to get political.
Yeah, that sucks. Bad news.
So that means, hey, there's a bunch of Microsoft people who are going to be looking for jobs.
Good video game companies.
We should probably throw out some job fairs.
That's a bummer. It's never easy to talk about layoffs.
I mean, I heard it was mostly the Nokia side of things, but it's definitely impacting the entertainment and Xbox side too.
Actually, it says that the total is $12,500 for them at Nokia.
Which was from an April acquisition.
But they're talking about doing other layoffs.
And they're not saying specifically what divisions, but the biggest one is Xbox Entertainment Studios.
And now, Loki, I think you have a little more on this layoff stuff, right?
Yeah, so basically one of the things that they were talking about, of course, that the Xbox Entertainment Studios would be affected.
But this does not affect Quantum Break.
Remember, Quantum Break also had kind of the live TV show portion of the game.
But that apparently is still on track, according to Microsoft.
And also, they're still committed to Halo Nightfall and the Halo TV series.
So I guess we'll see what other stuff comes out of that.
And then also, it's apparently affecting some of the other country teams, including Europe, Middle Eastern, and Asian Territory Xbox teams.
And they're saying that, I guess, 75% of the full-time positions available on Xbox EMEA would be axed.
And your employees would have to reapply for the remaining open roles.
That kind of sucks. That's a lot of cuts.
A lot of this is really surprising how fast that Xbox Entertainment thing just fizzled.
I'm really kind of, I mean, it's not like we haven't teased Microsoft before about pulling the plug on things way before they should have.
I.e. Game Room, I.e. 1 vs. 100, I.e. the Xbox Vision Camera, I.e.
Yeah, the Entertainment Division was gone before it really started. That's kind of weird.
This is Murica.
It's still weird.
If we don't get instant results, we can't.
Well, it's more of they're playing it safe, because this is a lot of a big gamble on whether it's going to take off for them.
And I think that they're figuring it's just not, that they're not able to do this exclusive TV service that they're playing on.
Maybe they're going to go to a different route.
Well, could a lot of that, though, I mean, the fact that they pulled the plug this quick,
Dark Soccer, come from the fact that they got such negative feedback when they did that very first unveiling of the Xbox One.
And the internet blew up with movies, movies, movies, sports, sports, sports, no one cur.
Like, do you think that Microsoft kind of went, oh, crap, nobody cares about this.
So I guess that's pretty knee jerk.
Yeah. It was weird that like just last month they were hyping up this whole that they dug up the eat is they dug up the garbage in the desert.
Right. They're going to do this movie about digging up people's garbage in the desert.
And by garbage, I mean, copies of E.T., the extraterrestrial. Right.
They're they're going to do this whole movie about digging up garbage in the desert.
And like it was this big thing. And now it's just I mean, I can't imagine that movie isn't still happening or is it.
No, I would imagine that's being finished.
But still, I mean, that wasn't even had a chance to see how many viewers that would get.
But to be fair, though, what have they really announced that they're canceling?
Because the only shows they even talked about that they were going to have were the Halo one and break and quantum break.
And those are still happening. So, well, I mean, I don't even know what's canceled.
Other than who there might have been a show on Fable, which I totally wouldn't have given a shit about.
They have a deal with Sarah Silverman comedy, something with her.
Oh, God, I thought I read. Oh, she's funny. I think I know she's funny, but it's like, I don't know.
Don't get me wrong. I love the Sarah Silverman program.
Yeah. And I'm sad that that is off the air, but she'll find another place.
I just I don't know. I think I think you'll even need like these kind of outlets anymore because you can just do your own thing on YouTube or make your own website and have your own streaming thing.
And people don't really need that. They're not going to be like, oh, I'm not going to watch it because it's on the Internet.
Right. There's tons of shows that the Web series and stuff that they have that are quite successful on YouTube and other streaming sites.
So maybe that's the problem is there's so much competition out there with that kind of stuff that no one really does care about.
Microsoft put now, hey, look, we've got TV show. Cool. So is everybody else?
Yeah, I think that's a big part of the problem, too, is how fragmented the distribution, digital distribution of TV is getting like it's it's getting really bad, you know.
And when Netflix got really big and everybody wanted a piece of that, I was just talking Hulu, but I'm talking HBO has their own thing.
Comcast has their own thing is like everybody wants their own digital TV thing. It's like there may not be room for for Microsoft in that picture.
You know, and unless Microsoft is going to get the next orange is the new black, you know, they're not necessarily going to sign up all these people interested in the in the TV thing.
So I guess they never took the took the financial chance to find out. I guess Microsoft is not in a place where they can take that risk.
I do remember now they had was it that there is one show that I read or one thing that I know that they announced that they are probably not going to do, which was was it Powers or something like that?
Oh, yeah. That was that was Sony. Oh, that was Sony. Yes. Oh, OK. I still don't care about that.
Yeah, it was Sony. You know, it was Sony. OK, well, whatever. I thought that was another show.
But I guess Sony already has an entertainment division. Sony has a music division. Sony is a big company besides just PlayStation.
They're making movies. Also, keep in mind, you know, the difference between laws versus a U.S. based companies and Japanese based companies.
They can get into much broader ventures over there a lot more easily than we can because of trust.
And I think Microsoft would be in a good position to maybe team up with somebody else for that.
And maybe that's ultimately what's going to happen. Maybe Xbox Entertainment's being closed because there's going to be a deal coming with.
I don't know. Like, what what what TV network is is Halo supposed to end up on?
Wasn't it the thing with CBS, like maybe Showtime or something? I don't know where I'm getting that.
They still have a. No, I'm thinking that because the lady that was the head of she came from CBS.
Do they still have like a share like NBC or something? You know, because I know they have MSNBC.
I don't believe Microsoft actually has a stake in MSNBC anymore. I don't think. Don't quote me on that.
But I remember they were trying to get rid of it. So. But anyway, it'll be a.
Why wouldn't they just like I mean, so what? Just like. Oh, why wouldn't they just partner up?
I guess because they want people to be drawn to the Xbox platform, but I don't know.
Put in Netflix or something. So what? So you can watch a Halo show on a Sony platform.
Oh, you're making more money. Who gives a shit? You know, I don't understand what the problem is.
People aren't going up. OK, let's be real. Here's Microsoft. Nobody.
Let's say that you have a new orange is the new black, whatever. Nobody is buying a fucking console for a show.
Nobody. I'm sorry. Even if it was like Game of Thrones, I don't think anyone would fucking buy a console.
No, I would agree with a show. I would agree with that. And so who cares?
Just put it on Hulu, put it on whatever. It's it's although I will say this.
It's not necessarily about making it, you know, that you have to buy the console for the one show.
But it's about enhancing the value of the console when it sits next to this self next to Nintendo's console and Sony's console for the whole family.
And maybe mom is making the purchase or mom and dad together or mom and mom, whatever the family is, are making the decision together that day to get the console.
If it says, oh, my kids will enjoy it because it has sunset overdrive.
Oh, but I'm going to enjoy it because it has orange is the new blacks creators next project or whatever.
I keep you reference. Red is the new blue. Red is the new blue. Yes.
Red versus the new blue is available here on I would watch that.
Yeah, I think I would do as long as it has donut and text.
It's available here on the Xbox one. And so I'm going to buy this because Sony doesn't have that and Nintendo doesn't have that.
I would totally watch a red versus blue movie. That would be fantastic.
Like in theaters. But no, seriously, though, I think it's even less of just looking at the console thing.
It's even more of like they're just they're online services justifying the cost of paying for Xbox Live.
Because, I mean, they're trying with the free games and stuff, but it's just not quite what Sony is offering.
Real quick comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama says Sony has many divisions, but on the computing entertainment one is profitable.
Lol. Samsung is the new Sony when it comes to TVs. That's true.
I have heard Sony has not been the PlayStation has been something that's been keeping them afloat, which is interesting.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, I wonder if just before the NFL season there will be a rise in Xbox one sales.
Madden usually offers an NFL Sunday ticket subscription if you buy the game. Word is they're offering it on the Xbox one.
BSingle40 in chat says didn't NPD report come out Friday saying PlayStation 4 won June despite the Microsoft price cut?
Loki, you're the expert on the sales stuff.
I didn't remember looking at the numbers. I don't know.
That wouldn't surprise me.
I think they were both up. I'm not sure. And I think I remember seeing that. I just don't remember.
Because, I don't know. Because they would have, let's put it this way.
They would have said we outsold the PlayStation if they outsold the PlayStation because that's something they're rubbing.
They're going to try to bend it however, you know, sounds the best for them.
Tigerclaw in chat says you think Nintendo will ever join with an entertainment network?
No. Very much no. It's not the business they're in and I don't think it's something they want to do.
It's about how they do things.
Nintendo wants to keep their hands on the reins.
Keep in mind, and nobody talks about this on the Wii U, nobody talks about it, but it's there and it is kind of neat.
They have a TV experience that enhances the TV you already have.
That just proves that Nintendo is not interested.
They have built something that enhances the TV you already have.
Where you can watch American Idol or big sports games and actually chat along with other viewers in a Miiverse style environment.
If you own a Wii U, check it out because you probably didn't even know it was there.
And they've actually been adding to it and enhancing it.
I bet Drag Race is fun to watch with that.
I don't think they have it for Drag Race but they ought to.
That would be funny.
They ought to. I'm going to petition Nintendo.
Wait a minute. I have a business card from Nintendo PR. I'm going to email him tomorrow.
You know what's funny?
Tiara and I used to do that for books.
When the Harry Potter books would come out, we'd just sit online and comment back and forth about where we were.
OMG. OMG. OMG.
What the fuck is he thinking?
It was pretty funny.
Book chat.
That's what we need. We need ebook chat.
Ebook chat.
I'm going to patent that.
You have ebook chat on the iBook store or on Kindle or whatever.
Better check and see if that's been reserved.
You can leave comments and books so that people in your book community can read the comments they left on sections of books.
That'd be great.
You could be a millionaire.
Alright, well here's something that now let's hope.
I know this game isn't coming to Wii U but let's hope that there's a way that my mother can participate in the chat for this next game we're going to talk about.
Mortal Kombat X.
Because you know my mom's a big Mortal Kombat fan.
Rab.
Rab.
That's so gross.
I haven't shown her the new trailer.
I really need to get a reaction video.
You know how people film reaction videos on YouTube to Two Girls One Cup?
I need to get a reaction video to my mother watching the new Mortal Kombat trailer.
And especially the announcement for Raiden is going to be in the game.
Classic Mortal Kombat character.
How could they do that?
Has Raiden ever not been in a Mortal Kombat game?
He wasn't in IV, was he?
It would be so weird to have a Mortal Kombat game without Raiden.
So of course he is in the game.
Of course the Thunder.
Or Christopher Lambert, if you remember the movie.
So that is that.
Now also interesting about Mortal Kombat X.
And yes that's X not X. That's how they're marketing it.
Mortal Kombat X is going to have at least one guest character from an outside franchise because Freddy Krueger did so well.
They're not confirming that Freddy Krueger will be said character.
But they're going to add some type of guest character into the game.
Which of course begs the question.
Who do you think that character should be?
Did you know we actually did a list list on this a long time ago?
What character should be in Mortal Kombat as a franchise character?
We did this some time ago.
Who won? I can't remember.
I'm actually pulling it up right now because Dark Tetsuya compiled it.
I do remember on the list was the Bride from Kill Bill.
Was one of the characters.
Which is still an answer I really like.
That's for sure.
I believe the winner was Ash from Evil Dead.
Which actually seems plausible.
Why not? Why not?
I guess getting the Bruce Campbell likeness would be the trickiest part unless they did like a...
The chin.
Yeah I don't know.
I would think...
He'd probably do it.
I would think Jason and Michael Myers.
I mean if Freddy Krueger is going to be in it.
Jason seems like a really logical step.
I know they do like...
Because there's also Jason X right?
Or Friday the 13th X with Jason in space.
I mean come on.
Anyway.
Number 3 by the way.
So in that list list.
Number 1 was Ash from Evil Dead.
Number 2 was the Bride from Kill Bill.
Number 3 was Mr. Rogers.
I don't know how that happened but it's really funny.
So that was from an old list list we did some time ago.
Awesome.
That's so like insensitive now.
You know what?
Just the Mortal Kombat people should just license the engine and do nothing but horror
film bad guys the fighting game.
You know they do have that.
Why not?
There's a fan made game that's like that.
And Ash is actually in that.
I just don't remember what it's called.
Alright.
But like they should also have like the people who like the sole survivor out of horror flicks.
Like Alice from the two Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
Sydney from Scream and Gale Weathers.
And the psychic kid from Friday the 13th.
Was it 3 or 4?
Yes.
The title of the game.
Wasn't that Corey Feldman?
How about as a playable character in Mortal Kombat X, Carrie's mom.
She could use like psychic powers.
You can see your dirty pillows.
When she does a fatality on Sonya she can be like, I can see your dirty pillows.
They're all gonna laugh at you.
And smothers her with a pillow.
I like that.
That wasn't even on the original list list.
Can we go back and amend it with Carrie's mom?
Part B, Rob.
Part B.
Part B. List list the sequel.
Have we ever done that?
No.
Let's make that a thing.
An unprecedented moment in all our history.
Was it the aunt or whatever from Sleep Boy Camp?
How about, what was, oh my God, Angela.
How about just straight up Angela from Sleep Boy Camp?
Anyway, did you know, I'm sorry, I have to just do a tangent while we're talking about bad horror movies.
Because if my buddy Rene from Killer Queens from Outer Space is out there listening, he'll appreciate this.
And I learned this on the show I was on.
Did you know that the little boy who played Angela's brother who dies in the opening moments of Sleep Boy Camp,
and I won't spoil anything, the little kid who plays her brother is actually the situation's brother.
No fucking joke.
Like the situation from Jersey Shore, that's his brother in that movie, Sleep Boy Camp.
Only douchebags call themselves the situation.
I learned that when I guessed it on that show.
And I was like, get the hell out of here.
What a small world.
Anyways, the game I was telling you about-
You've never seen Sleep Boy Camp, right?
Is, uh, was it-
Okay, mandatory this has to happen.
We have to watch Sleep Boy Camp.
Well, I also didn't see Mean Girls, so-
Oh my God, Jamie, you're killing me.
Alright.
Yeah, even though I know lines from the movie, go thig.
You can't sit here!
You just can't ask people why they're white.
You know enough about Mean Girls, you just need to watch the damn movie.
Yeah, I know.
Terrordrome, the game Rise of the Boogeyman is actually the horror game, fighting game that's actually free to play.
If you want to check it out, it's free to download at www.terrordrome-thegame.com.
Ooh, I like the suggestion from Fifth Dream in chat.
American McGee's Alice in Mortal Kombat.
Well, might be too young, though. I don't want to see all that yucky violence on kids.
Is Alice an adult?
Yes.
Well, then I guess maybe it will work, but I don't know, it's a little weird.
Little weird.
In theory, it sounds good, but I don't know.
What about, like, um, wasn't...
I think Lollipop Chainsaw was, um, Warner.
Oh!
That game was almost embarrassingly bad and hilarious.
We keep thinking movies, but maybe another character from another big gaming franchise.
Because they were trying to get something exclusive to...
Because Kratos was in Mortal Kombat 8, or whatever it was, on PlayStation,
there was talk that they were trying to get a similar character.
Everybody assumed he was Master Chief.
But something like that on Xbox, it never happened.
It needs to be Coco Tapioca from Space Channel 5 Part 2.
No.
What?
If they really want to go crazy, you know, maybe a little bit bonkers, or conquerors...
Stop. Stop right there. I'm not even going to let you finish that.
We're going to move on. More news. Dark Saga.
Okay, well, we've heard of it happening before, where the news will just say,
Oh, look! We'll use whatever picture this is to describe whatever,
and no one can get on us because we have money.
Ha ha ha ha. Copyright, blah blah.
Except that, um, they really kind of fucked up here.
So, basically, it was, um, a news station that was doing a discussion about, um,
children, you know, being used as soldiers.
And, um, and this was on ITV, um, uh, well, actually, one of them,
the first time it happened was, um, on ITV, where, uh, they used clips from Arma 2.
Well, now we have another, uh, company that's, uh,
and I believe it's Fox and Friends, that, you know, had their Bioshock Infinite logo thing.
Now we have, uh, screen caps from Metal Gear Solid 5, The Phantom Pain,
to talk about child warriors.
And this was, uh, on, uh, news channel Russia Today.
Yeah, I saw the clip. It was really awkward kind of seeing that.
It's like, you know, stock footage amongst all this other, you know,
which is, which is really the horrific topic, if you think about it.
To, to see this just really made the whole thing even more awkward.
This is stupid.
Yeah, I mean, do your research interns.
Either that or, you know, wouldn't it be funny if, like,
there were stealth interns placed to get major companies in trouble by exposing?
Don't you feel like, though, how this happens is that some intern just went to Google image search
and put child soldier and thought that picture and didn't even, like, fact check it
or do a backwards image search to see where it came from or any of that stuff?
Exactly that. I mean, the big thing is that, and I've learned this, my teachers taught me well.
If you are going to find an image, there are certain things that you're going to have to put in your search
when you're looking for it, including stock image, royalty free, or public domain, you know.
If you're trying to use something you're not going to have to freaking pay for.
Then again, I've seen quite a bit of, and I'm not going to say that it's Russian media in particular,
but I've seen it mostly out of Russian media where it's like, well, like my friend in Australia,
her Homestuck fan art being used on the cover of a Russian publication about a story about the American justice system
and it's a troll holding, you know, it's Terezi.
That's one thing, but specifically the news. I think the news is exempt from some of that stuff because it's the news.
This is supposed to be an unused publication, you know, and then we're seeing it,
but it's just really more or less a matter of either lazy searching or disregard for copyright or a combination of all of the above.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games coming out soon
in a game store near you that perhaps will have artwork that will soon be on the local news. Loki.
This might be on the local news just because it was, you know, a popular game a long time ago.
Well, it's still pretty popular, I guess, but for the Wii U, the disc version of Wii Sports Club will be coming out on Friday on the Wii U.
And that's literally it.
That's it?
That's it. That's it.
Alright, I guess this is a slow week.
Let's see, going to Japan and checking out some of the releases over there.
I don't see anything on the PlayStation 4 this week. I'm wondering if it's a slow week over there, too.
On the PlayStation 3, Dead Island and Sengoku Basara 4 are getting, like, remastered.
They're not new, they're just re-price reductions, re-bundlings of the game, essentially.
There is another new game, though, called Under Night in Birth Exe Late, which is an Arc System Works game that's out on PlayStation 3.
You can also check out a Monster Hunter Frontier G5 premium package, also out on PlayStation 3 this week.
So lots of redos in Japan this week.
Same thing on the Xbox 360, that same Monster Hunter Frontier package is on the 360 as well.
A 10,000 point Xbox gift card, branded for Monster Hunter.
10,000 points? And they still have point cards?
I guess.
I guess maybe in Japan they do. There must be some type of difference going on there.
On the Wii U, that same Monster Hunter Frontier package is out as well.
That might explain the slow release dates in Japan this week, because you know it's Monster Hunter.
But hey, on the Vita, things are a little more hopping with Corpse Party Blood Drive, and Re-Vice-D comes out there as well.
And Tokyo Shin Seiroku Operation Abyss is out on the PlayStation Vita as well.
That's your Japanese release dates? Oh, wait, 3DS. Sorry.
3DS Yoshi's New Island is out in Japan this week. That's a pretty big one.
Dark Sakura?
Jack shit?
In the UK?
Yep, nothing.
Alright, matches what's going on over here. I guess it's that part of summer where you need to catch up on your Steam backlog.
It's when they say, go outside.
Or that.
Play.
Or that.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week, which you could also play this week if you wanted. Loki.
Alright. Let's see.
There's always these Kickstarter stories about how things kind of go awry, and a game that's promised never comes out.
Well, this one is kind of the case. This was a game based off of the web series Yoggcast, or I think it starts actually a podcast.
But Yoggcast's Yoggventure game.
I believe, and I know this is going to take people by surprise, I'm not super familiar with that group, but I believe they're big on YouTube.
Well yeah, I know they do Minecraft videos and stuff like that, but I know it's a YouTube channel, but I thought they had a podcast too, but whatever.
But anyways, Yoggventures. They actually Kickstarted this. It had made, or went way above what they had originally asked for.
I want to say that they were originally asking for $250,000 and ended up with $560,000 in pledges.
However, now development has ceased on the game. Apparently, they just ran out of money.
And, you know, it's kind of surprising. They're basically saying that they worked on the game, it was an amazing experience, blah blah blah.
They really wanted to achieve some lofty goals set out, but they didn't have enough experience in planning and management and that kind of thing.
And I guess he had put some of his own money into it and just couldn't quite get the game finished.
And so, because of that, I think they're giving people copies of a game called TUG instead.
But, you know, there's a little bit, some more details on that, talking about the mismanagement and stuff and just kind of maybe inexperience.
For example, there was an artist they had paid to do some in-game artwork for them and I guess they paid him, or paid them $35,000 for two weeks of work that produced, or two weeks that produced no work.
Apparently, the artist signed the contract, got the $35,000 payment, put two weeks worth of time in, and then accepted full-time employment with LucasArts.
But because of the way the contract was poorly written, he had no obligation to do anything, so he got the money and just kind of left.
So, and just like there's a lot of drama with just, you know, being uncomfortable with how it was being managed and stuff like that.
It just goes to show you, but like, I remember one of the comments, you know, when he's, they're explaining to...
Sorry, I'm laughing because Rama in chat says, Rama brings in the ball pit.
Sorry.
That's a good zinger, Rama. I like that. Sorry. I don't mean to kick this while it's down.
You guys know I've had my own concerns about Kickstarter and obviously this news story exacerbates a lot of those issues.
However, I mean, for the people that backed this and supported it, especially coming from, you know, a production that is indie like we are and has really kind of worked from the ground up.
It is, it's not an easy thing to see. I think it's just one of those, it's a caution for everybody.
Well, I think also it was, it was, when they...
It needed an adult, I hate to say it.
It really sounds like a lot of the way contracts were written and this guy could get no money.
They even broke it down though, like, and they spent money on legal, you know, legal fees and stuff.
Why didn't they have someone write up a good contract?
I mean, you would think that you would write up a contract that doesn't have a fucking out where I could just take the money, come up with nothing and then fucking leave.
Damn, I want to sign one of those contracts.
You know, I mean, it's just, it sounds ridiculous.
And also I haven't really, you know, not too familiar, I kind of looked at the Kickstarter thing.
They didn't really have any playable or I want to say that they didn't really have a lot of footage from the game right away.
I think they showed a little bit, not too, you know, they had some footage, but I think it was after the Kickstarter thing was done.
So it was all off of concept art and that's always really wary to me.
If you don't have anything to show of your game and you're trying to sell your game, that just seems like a stretch.
And I mean, granted, yeah, it's probably based off good faith, you know, because it's a channel you might like and stuff.
But I don't know, especially I'd be kind of leery, but I guess I wouldn't.
Once again, you know, I want to say this should sour everybody for, you know, any Kickstarter project because there's been plenty of projects that have gone through Kickstarter and been just fine.
I mean, look at the John's sister's twisted dreams. Look at, you know, Shovel Knight.
There's Among the Sleep and, you know, a lot of other successful campaigns that you don't really hear a lot about because there's no drama in there.
No one wants to report on like, oh, this campaign was successful. The game came out OK.
Yay. Hoping Kickstarter is, you know, come back.
It's just, I don't know, everyone seems to focus on the negative.
But yes, there are a lot of projects out there. You just have to really be careful with what you're you're backing.
And remember that, you know, if you're backing like 15 bucks, you're probably not going to be able to have any sort of recourse if they don't come back and do anything.
Because obviously, if you want to file legal fees and stuff, it'd be more than your fifteen dollars.
So it's not worth it. Just be careful, I guess. And do your research.
And also only back projects, I would say that actually show something, you know.
Going to a chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says, sadly, it's not the only project to suffer this kind of problem.
Too many high level goals, not enough experience and planning to ground it in reality.
Some guy recently wanted to make a Naruto MMO without actually having the license, experience or technical planning.
Just a page of text professing his awe at starting something like it.
Shadowrun returns divinity, Original Sin, Wasteland 2, etc.
Yeah, some good points.
And as Joe and Hunter Matt says, this is what happens when you use Kickstarter to avoid going through a publisher or someone who could oversee your project to make sure stuff gets done.
Same person can deal with all the legal stuff. Some people can pull it off, others can't.
But, I mean, that's not saying that you can't go through Kickstarter and do all that stuff.
You can just, you know, the problem with inner experience is you don't know how much money you're going to need for, like, legal and stuff.
And that's kind of the problem I think they ran into is, like, they tried to cut corners, I want to say, with how much they spent on that.
And if you spend a lot of money on legal, you can actually get somebody, like, for example, on Reddit a lot, there's the video game lawyer.
They have services where he'll write up contracts for you and do that kind of thing.
And he has experience with indie game developers.
You know, it's not that expensive and you just have to know what, you're going to have to spend some of your own money on that stuff.
And even just starting your own company, you're going to have to spend some money, you know, trademarking your product and all that stuff.
So it just, you have to know that you're doing that and you also have to be smart about it because, yeah, I mean, there's, you know, you could get sued by somebody else for, you know,
if you're, you know, copyright infringement or if it's too close to some other thing, like in the Naruto case.
You can't fucking kickstart something you don't have the rights to.
I mean, maybe they're naive and think that.
Like, for example, there was one I saw that was a really shitty looking game, but they called it, was it Grand Theft Pizza delivery or something like that.
I'm like, that's going to fucking get sued if it didn't look like complete shit.
I'm sure that they don't give a shit about it. But, you know, the fact that it, they raised like a few thousand dollars for a really shitty game.
But the name Grand Theft, whatever, and it looks like a Grand Theft Auto type, you know, over a head game, except just drawn at them as paint.
But still, it's, you know, you got to be careful.
Fifth Dream in chat says, just stick to potato salad.
Don't get me started on that. Do not get me started on that.
That's one of those things where everyone thinks that they're, you know, oh, I'm going to back money this because that's silly.
He, you know, the only one that's laughing is the person.
You're the problem.
Fifty thousand dollars.
You're the problem.
Right. Moving on. You spend your money on what you want, but I'm just saying.
All right. Moving on to one more story here about money.
Would you be surprised if I told you that some of your favorite YouTubers are getting paid to cover games by publishers?
Publishers are paying them to cover certain games.
Well, if you're shocked to hear that news, welcome to the internet. Enjoy your stay.
Gamasutra actually did a survey of YouTubers and Let's Players with over five thousand subscribers.
And according to the numbers, twenty-one percent of them participated in Paola.
Five percent of them, when a dev offers money, sixty-nine percent saying no.
The other five percent prefers not to say, so you can assume that that's a yes.
Very, very interesting.
Do you believe that this stuff should be disclosed whenever it happens?
What do you guys think about this?
I mean, is this news like, oh my God, this needs to stop?
Or is this like, oh, I'm surprised there's not more of them?
Pay me.
Pay me.
Well, we kind of knew that this kind of stuff was going on.
Because remember a while back, that whole thing leaked out back when the Xbox One was launching.
And there was like, oh, these incentive programs.
If you're on certain networks and stuff that you would get, you know, more ad revenue if you covered a certain game during a certain time period and that kind of thing.
So I'm not surprised that this is happening.
I do think that they should disclose it because I think if you're not disclosing that it's like an advertisement or, you know, an advertorial, I guess they call it.
That it's kind of disingenuous.
I don't know. I just I think that they need to disclose that kind of stuff.
Because, I mean, really, I wouldn't think any I wouldn't think poorly of somebody that does that as long as they're disclosing it.
Because let's be honest, you're not making a ton of money on a lot of people aren't making a ton of money on YouTube.
And if you're going to do that as a full time thing, then you need to be open to any opportunities that may come your way.
Not necessarily, you know, you know, hurting your own, I guess, honesty, but just, you know, taking an opportunity to say, hey, you know what?
You know, it's like Deep Silver or whatever paid us to show off some footage of Saints Row.
So here's some, you know, check it out or I don't know.
I think you'd want to be a little clever in how you say that. You just want to say, hey, I got paid, y'all. I got paid to do this.
You know, maybe Deep Silver, who has sponsored some brand new microphones and soundboards for our show, has asked us to talk about this particular game.
You know, that might be another way to do it. I don't know.
Maybe that just kind of look at it going, how would I do it? Because I would think any money, you know, I'm not just going to take it to the bank because I've never made, I don't, if you, if y'all think we make money off of OLR or VoG network, you're high because we don't.
But if we did, if somebody wanted to pay us to cover a certain thing, I think I would feel like, okay, it's not going to be a lot of money.
It's probably something that would just get put right back into the show. So it would also buy us new webcam.
It'd also have to depend on what it is because I remember like back in the day, you know, even with like some of the all game stuff, you know, we had opportunities to, you know, look at like certain accessories and stuff.
And it was just kind of like, nah.
I think it happened one time.
Yeah, one time, whatever. But, you know, I was like kind of like, nah, we're not going to do that.
All right. Anyhow, let's, let's go to a time when things were simpler.
Things were a lot simpler and you didn't have to worry about it.
People couldn't even stream this game online. You know that? But they do now. I think they do.
It is the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this game.
Although many of you have probably already played this game.
But if you haven't played this game, then play it again.
Play it for the first time.
Do it. Do the thing.
Do the thing. Here it is, your classic game of the week.
Final Fantasy.
So, yes, I picked Final Fantasy, which I've done a bunch of other Final Fantasy games, but I have not yet done Final Fantasy.
So it is a role playing game that was created by Sakaguchi Hironobu, done by Square, which is now, of course, Squeenix.
It came out in 1987 and, of course, it was the first.
It came out on the Famicom slash Nintendo Entertainment System and has been remade for other consoles since then.
More recently, it was packaged with Final Fantasy II, the original II, and not Final Fantasy IV.
Basically, you play as the Light Warriors, who each have an elemental orb that have been darkened by various Fiends.
And so you have to go defeat the evil forces, restore lights of the orbs, and save the world.
It is one of the early games to do random battle encounters for experience.
At least do it in, I would probably say, a way that's become an accepted method of doing it.
It's turned into a norm because it really set a precedent for how encounters are going to work in a game.
So basically, it's an overworld map, a town and dungeon map, a battle screen, and a menu screen.
The overworld is, of course, scaled down so you can walk all over it, your little guy being the avatar that you're following through.
And you get, of course, different classes. You start off with a fighter, thief, black belt, red mage, white mage, and black mage.
Of course, we know the way they look because we know them very well. We also probably have all read 8-bit theater.
And then you get class upgrades, so you can go up to, of course, stronger character classes.
You have some magical weapons and armor that when you use them in combat, they'll cast spells.
You have artifacts for protection from spells. You can buy items. You can get tents and cabins to regenerate while you save.
Aethers are always fucking expensive. And you do different quests to gain special items.
You do have your magic, white magic, which is your defensive inhaling, and black, which is destructive magic.
And red mages use a combination of the two. But you can only carry, the spells are actually classified by level 1-8 with 4 white and 4 black spells per level.
And you only learn 3 spells per level. And the other ones that can cast, besides the red mages, would be the ninja and the knight. Of course, depending on their class.
So, basically, the game was... Sakaguchi wanted to make the game for a long time, but Square refused.
And then when Dragon Quest came out and became such a hit, they're like, okay, here, make a game! Get us Dragon Quest money.
So, basically, it was done by a group that Square called the A-Team, which was Koichi Ishii Akitoshi Kawazu.
And, of course, he was the one responsible for the battle systems and the sequences that he based off of D&D.
And the game Wizardry. Do you remember Wizardry?
Oh god, yes. That's old school.
But the basic heart of it was, it's an RPG that begins when you create the character.
So, it really is strong for the storyline. Of course, we have Uematsu doing the music.
And they got an Iranian-American programmer named Nasir Gebelli to code the game.
And so, as far as the graphics, they were designed by Shibuya Kazuko, and then also Ito Hiryoku as the debugger.
So, basically, it just started with, they had the development ROM, they took it to the Famicom magazine,
and they wouldn't review it, but Famitsu did it and gave it exclusive coverage.
And they originally were only going to make 200,000 copies to ship.
And he begged them to do 400,000, which they agreed to.
And once it was localized in North America, it really, really took on.
There is no version of the game that was marketed for the PAL region until Final Fantasy Origins in 2003.
Oh wow, I didn't realize that.
So, in 1987 and 1990, there was the original Final Fantasy.
In 1989, they did an MSX2 version that had some graphic upgrades, expanded music and sound effects, and it had loading times.
There's the Final Fantasy I-II version that was in 1994 for the Famicom.
Final Fantasy came out in 2000 for Wonderswan Color, which is the one I have.
That was actually what led me to get my first Wonderswan, was that version.
There was Final Fantasy I and II, Dawn of Souls, which was for Game Boy Advance, Final Fantasy Origins for PlayStation,
Final Fantasy for Mobile Phone, which was better than the 8-bit version, but less advanced than more recent versions.
There was the PSP, sorry, PSP version.
There was the full motion video sequences, remixed soundtrack, extra dungeons, script from Dawn of Souls,
virtual console release, which was the NES version.
There was an iOS version based off the PSP version, one for Windows Phone, and one for Android.
That last one, the Android one, was based off the PSP version, but did not have the bonus dungeons.
And the very first re-release was the one done for the MSX2 that was published by Microcabin in Japan in June 1989.
Switching to some of the music from one of the remakes since you're talking about them.
But it also had almost three times as much storage space as the Famicom, but the big problem it had, loading time.
But it did look and sound a lot better.
So, and of course we've got, like I said, all those other various versions that were released for various different reasons.
So if you haven't played it, why the hell not? And go ahead and get it.
There are also, keep in mind, nods to the original ones we had.
The soundtrack was released with the score for Final Fantasy II in 1989.
And there was a track that became the big one that has been in every Final Fantasy game ever called the Prelude, which you played right at the start.
And I mean, even in Final Fantasy XIV, the game starts off with that.
So, of course there have been other adaptations.
There was, in Captain N, the Game Master, there was the Fractured Fantasy of Captain N.
Of course we had 8-bit theater, like I mentioned before.
And don't forget the Dead Ale Wives parody that they would play on Dr. Demento has been done in 8-bit theater style as well.
I said I wanted blue eyes, but I decided gray. Okay, whatever. Cast Magic Missile.
So basically, that's it for Final Fantasy.
There's a whole lot more we could go into on this one, but I'd say at this point, look for it yourselves.
If you haven't already played it at this point, my gosh.
The remakes are out there everywhere on the mobile phone and everything. You can find this somewhere. For sure.
So yeah, check that out.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week. Final Fantasy, as in the original Final Fantasy.
Again, one of those games when she says it's the game of the week, I go,
you mean it hasn't been the game of the week before? In the past 250 plus times we've done this segment.
It's never been the classic game. Nope, it hasn't. So there it is.
A classic classic game without which we wouldn't have had a lot of games.
Well, and honestly, it's a really deep story for something that came out when I was a preteen.
I remember playing this on Nintendo Entertainment System, like staying up all night with my friend to play Final Fantasy.
You know what's funny though? I never beat it. We got all the way to Tiamat and couldn't beat him.
Dan and I were doing a playthrough together and we actually had the airship and then decided we got bored.
Bored now.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, history.
Alright, let's take a break. We've got plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come here on this week back after a week off.
We have your food question of the week. We're going to talk about more playroom news.
There's things coming to that that sound exciting. Net neutrality talk and maybe some Power Rangers chat.
I wonder if Shane's going to run into the room when he hears that. We'll find out when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live on this Sunday evening, July the 20th of 2014 with episode number 560 already in progress.
I hope you guys had a good week last week even though we weren't here. I know some of you guys rely on us to help you get through your Monday at work.
But we're back and I hope you guys found another great indie show to maybe add to your rotation in the time we were away.
Because you know we always say here at Orange Lounge Radio, support independent podcasting. There's so many great shows out there, hardworking.
Obviously we're always going to pimp our pals at vognetwork.com. I always like to promote with the guys I was doing stuff with at GamerX like Koopa Club and Video Game Realness even though they weren't there.
But in spirit they were Game Bar, Game Buoy.org and so on and so on. So many great shows.
But even if none of those, none of the above appeals to you, I'm sure there's plenty of people out there hardworking doing shows for guys like you to discover.
So go and seek them out, the independent podcast of the world. In the meantime we will resume with our independent podcast and some rapid fire news. Loki.
Yes, I'm kind of happy to see that there's actually one of the D3 games I like. Onichambara Z2 Chaos is coming to Japan.
Now if you may not be familiar with the Onichambara series, it's basically like a bikini samurai game.
A very scantily clad woman with samurai swords and a cowboy hat fighting zombies.
It's been around since PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation 4 version is going to feature 1080p and 60 frames per second.
Also I guess they're saying it's going to have new features like a cross-merge combination element, multi-character combo attacks and a quick time kill mode.
And I guess players will be able to trace lines on the DualShock 4 touchpad to deliver critical blows to enemies and stuff.
It's supposed to be out in Japan in October. Hopefully that means it's also going to be out in North America, which is very likely.
And the fact that it's also region free, also a good hope.
And I'm very excited because if a game like this is on the PlayStation 4, then that means that eventually Earth Defense Force will be on PlayStation 4 as well.
Speaking of which, man, that is a game I need to go back and finish playing because I started that back in February and I just kind of gave up on it.
Some positive notes in our chat over at live.fognetwork.com. Brad from PodCulture says,
Boy, talk about a guilty pleasure game. Fifth Dream says, finally, on a system I have. I'm going to totally get this.
I wish it would bring more of the simple series stuff over there like, we need an HD remake of Ambulance vs. Zombies.
Or they had one that was also with like little maids vs. zombies. They had a lot of things versus zombie games. I'd love to see that.
Alright, people love zombies it seems.
Yes. So, on top of that, there is a brand new rhythm game that's coming out on I believe IOS as well.
It's a game called Alpha Beats. And what makes Alpha Beats a little different than your standard kind of tap to the music type game is it's also kind of mixing in like Scrabble in there.
So you have to tap on the letters to the beat and you create words with them and you score points that way.
That sounds kind of fun.
Yeah, and apparently the game does have some pretty good music in it. It's only $1.99 so you can check that out on the IOS.
Are we talking licensed music when you say pretty good music or just originals?
It's like indie stuff. Like they've got a disaster piece. It's the composer that did Fez.
Oh, okay.
They've got some music from...
Kind of like the direction the new amplitude is going in a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
And also if you want additional music they have in-app purchases for that. So you can get some additional music that way.
And then last but not least, a really strange looking game that kind of reminded me a whole ton of Noby Noby Boy or seriously like something that you would see from like the developers of Katamari.
But it's a game called Push Me, Pull You. And it's basically a two versus two local multiplayer game.
And it's coming out I guess sometime in 2014 on PC, Mac, and Linux.
But it involves almost like, not like a human centipede, but like you know, I don't know if you remember the cartoon Catdog where you know you have a cat on one end and a dog on the other end.
Well it's two torsos of humans attached to...
I remember that show. That's How Does It Take a Crap?
Yes. It's two torsos that are kind of attached to each other in the middle.
And it makes like those Noby Noby Boy type thing. And you have to move a ball around with that.
And so you're fighting against other, you know, other players that way. And so you kind of have to like, you know, ride around each other and get the ball around.
I don't know. It looks silly. And should be coming out later this year.
But yeah, totally getting the Noby Noby vibe from that.
Very cool. How'd you check that out? Lots of neat sounding games there. Guilty pleasure to music puzzle to genres I like to okay whatever. I'll try it.
Alright, moving on. Let's talk Virtual Console for a minute. We haven't seen a lot a lot of activity on Wii U Virtual Console lately.
And Sega was a big big supporter of Virtual Console. Like all the Sega classics out there and all sorts of forums.
But apparently no current plans for Wii U Virtual Console games from Sega. And this was in response to a Twitter.
Now Sega did clarify these comments a little bit in a statement saying quote Sega would like to clarify a statement that was issued over Twitter.
All options are currently on the table concerning development for the Wii U Virtual Console. Although there are no immediate plans, this does not negate the possibility and exploration of creating for this platform.
So in other words, nothing now and nothing on the table for the near future but they're not pulling like an EA or something where they're like we're done with you, bye.
Sega loves the Wii U. I mean they have their own, the Sonic games are coming exclusive to the Wii U and 3DS.
So I would think that they're in a pretty good, you know, standing. And I don't even think, they probably just maybe they're just not making a lot of money off of those.
And the fact that they'd be reissuing probably games that have been on there before that it's just almost not worth it to put the effort in.
And let's be real, if you're trying to play a classic Sega game, there's an abundance of places available to play said games.
Including what the Sonic collection, Mega Sonic Genesis, I don't know.
Yeah, I want to say that they're probably making a ton of money off of that stuff on Steam because that's where it's at.
You can get like 40 games for like 5 bucks. So Virtual Console is kind of hard to justify paying $6 a game when they're so readily available at other places.
It really is, it really is. Maybe the portability of the 3DS. And the 3D remakes are something. That's, you know, a little different.
But, yeah. Alright, anyway, speaking of Nintendo, a little bit of rabble rabble going on right now over the Club Nintendo Elite rewards which were unveiled this week.
The North America rewards were unveiled and, you know, in years past they've given away like, you know, they'll send you things in the mail like calendars and sometimes even like little collectibles and really cool little things.
Well, this year, none of that. All the rewards are downloadable games.
If you are Platinum, you can get, you can choose from Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D, Dylan's Rolling Western, Dr. Luigi, Earthbound, Fluidity Spin Cycle, Game & Wario, Mario & Donkey Kong Minis on the Move, and NES Remix.
Some of those games, by the way, are 3DS games, not just Wii U games in there.
If you are a Gold status, you can get Donkey Kong 3, Kid Icarus, Ice Climber, Metroid, Super Mario Brothers, Super Mario Land 2, 6 Golden Coins, Wario Land 2, and Zelda 2 The Adventures of Link.
So, some people not happy that they went all DLC.
So you only get to pick one of those?
Yeah, you get to pick one of those.
That's like 5 bucks for the Gold set.
For the Gold level, yeah.
And so, some people not happy about that.
I understand why people are a little irritated because they went and did those surveys.
Because, you know, in the past, the rewards have been very lucrative, and I get that.
But at the same time, reality check, you guys.
Nintendo hasn't exactly been bringing in the cash this year.
So they have to make some cutbacks some places, and this is one of them.
You know, so at least there's something being given away here.
And probably next year's going to be a lot better because they're going to have the Amiibo figures.
Yeah.
So you'll see something like that.
Yeah, perhaps.
But, yeah, I just, you know, take it with a grain of salt, you guys.
Nintendo hasn't had the best year.
This is where they had to make some cutbacks.
They can't exactly afford to buy everybody these little minifigures and, you know, send them all to people's houses this year.
I'm a little, like, you know, I'm like, well, I'm Gold status on Club Nintendo.
And I pretty much have every single one of those games that I wanted.
I guess I'm going to end up getting Donkey Kong 3 on 3DS because it's like the one thing I don't have.
You know, so all right, I guess I'll get that.
But I'm not, like, mad.
I'm a little bit like, oh, man, I was hoping for something a little better.
But I also kind of think, like, I've gotten way more bang for my buck out of the whole 10% back on the Wii U when you buy the games digitally.
I've gotten way better perks from that than this.
So you win some, you lose some.
I'm just still thinking about the statue we got from Club Nintendo.
Right.
And it was just a really nice, you know, Super Mario Brothers cast.
Well, that was when Nintendo was making buku bucks.
They're not now.
So this is what happens.
You want the perks, buy more Nintendo.
Exactly.
Maybe, I mean, if Mario Kart 8 keeps selling, maybe there'll be more of that next year.
Who knows? Who knows?
All right.
Let's see.
One more story for you guys.
This is a game that was actually unveiled at GamerX.
I believe I was at the panel where they talked about this game for the first time.
It is a game from Atari, of all folks, called Pride Fest.
Pride Fest is a game coming from Atari where you will be creating and launching your first gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender pride parade.
The game will allow players to design and customize floats, solve challenges to unlock new festival and parade supplies,
and each building has a fun capacity, and once it's filled, the building upgrades and draws even more city folk to the party.
No further details at this time, no images or anything like that.
But I need to know if they have t-shirt cannons, because that's really the most important thing.
Yeah.
As long as I get to make my asexual float, I'm happy.
I think it's, you know, on one hand, I'm kind of like, all right, this is just going to be another one of those dippy management, tiny tower-esque iPhone games, you know, whatever, whatever.
But at the same time, it is really cool that Atari, which has a lot of history behind it, is doing a, like, pride game.
Let's just hope, and I'm glad that they're doing that, let's just hope that it's done tastefully as well.
Yeah, there's a lot of room for error with that in there.
Fifth Dream says gay pride tycoon, and then gay pride simulator 2015.
Yeah, and sometimes these pride events can be pretty commercial, so I'm curious to see how they pull it off. We'll see.
I'm trying not to be a cynic about it. I'm really not. I think it's really cool that Atari went to GamerX. I think it's really cool that they were kind of feeling out the con.
I think it's really cool that Atari has a game coming out.
There's that too. And it's great. What are you laughing about?
SSG100 Matt.
SSG100 Matt in chat says, is there a Mama Tits expansion where you can beat down protesters?
I love Mama Tits.
Oh my god. You know what's funny? A friend of mine I've known online for years. A friend of mine online dates back to Life Journal, is now a drag queen in Seattle, and like knows Mama Tits, and actually wrote the article about that that went viral.
So it was really funny to kind of watch it from his perspective on Facebook.
That's cool.
Yeah, all these people are like seeing that video. So, anyway, um, yeah, that would actually be really awesome. You know, but the game that's not talked about in this story is that they also confirmed that RuPaul's Drag Race Dragopolis 2 is in the making for iPhone.
Work! Yes!
And they go, woooo!
Have you ever played, I'm sure, Loki, have you ever played RuPaul's Drag Race Dragopolis?
No, I have not.
I haven't either.
It's, you know, it's one of those things where it's like you have to try it if you're a fan of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Is that like the Kim Kardashian game?
No, it's a little better than that, but like, it's all these quotes, because RuPaul actually recorded dialogue, and they got like Pandora Box, a bunch of people to do dialogue.
So it's like as you're running through it, you know, you hear a character, yes! Woo! You better work! Amen! You know, it's just like all the little catchphrases from the show.
It's fun for five minutes, and then you're like, turn the volume down.
Okay, I have to ask, is Drag U still running?
No, Drag U was cancelled a year or two ago.
I'd never watched Drag Race, but I watched Drag U.
Yeah, RuPaul cancelled it. Well, he didn't cancel it, but confirmed it was cancelled a couple years ago.
That was just such a cool show, because I know that's not what we're talking about.
It's fine. You know what, if we want to have a Drag Race side conversation, we will. God damn it.
Just because I thought that it was good that it was, you know, sort of in the theme of the whole glamour of drag, but something that was for women who were feeling drab.
Yeah, it was great.
I thought that, because there's a lot that women can learn about just glamour and letting loose from drag queens.
It was a very new version of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. You remember that show? It was very, you know...
Love that show.
But on top of that, it was...
I don't know why I love that show.
Loki loved that show more than I did, like seriously.
Except the first, was it the pilot episode or the pilot season or whatever, what the fuck was going on there?
Because the cast was like, eh.
It was different.
Yeah, I didn't like different. I don't like different.
You bought the soundtrack, even. I remember that.
I downloaded the soundtrack.
No, Rob, I bought the soundtrack. At least three tracks out of it made it into my spin class that I was in.
It had like, was it the...
It had Basement Jackson in it.
Oh god. Where's Basement Jackson? Have they released a new album?
That's something you need to look into, because I fucking love Basement Jax.
In the basement. At the Alamo.
At any rate...
I gotta look that up right now.
It's not, you know, dressing up in things that someone would wear every day.
But it was a really, you know, just interesting, fun thing to do.
And I don't know if you've also heard of the women who dress quote in drag.
Who basically go from...
Both queens.
Yeah. But I think...
Which is, and I mean no disrespect with this comment. Absolutely none.
But when Victoria shows me all this burlesque stuff she's doing, I'm like, so that's basically being a drag queen.
But like taking your clothes off.
Oh my god, there's so many albums I've missed!
What the hell?
I didn't...
Alright, anyway, anyway.
Yeah.
Alright, we can talk about...
So how about this, how about I start watching Drag Race next season?
Fantastic, we should have a viewing party or something, it would be fun.
Alright, anyway, from drag queens to a very similar subject, Star Wars, right?
Dark Saga?
Oh yeah.
I mean...
Because there were lots of queens in the Old Republic.
Did you see what Queen Amidala's wearing?
Have you ever seen Travis doing his Queen Amidala?
With the bra on his head.
Yes.
Which actually is funny, I miss taking a picture of my cat with my bra on her head.
Because I just left it on the bed and next thing I know I see the cat's head peeking out from under the middle bit.
I'm like...
And the first thing I thought is, my cat is Queen Amidala, thanks Travis.
So anyway.
Star Wars The Old Republic generated 165 million last year.
But guess what's still on top?
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
And I actually went and looked at the list and worldwide MMO titles in 2013.
Top was World of Warcraft, followed by Lineage.
And then Terra Online, followed by Star Wars The Old Republic, Lord of the Rings Online, which I played for a little bit.
It was pretty.
Eve Online, Ion, Blade and Soul, Lineage 2, and Rift.
I'm kind of surprised that Terra's as high up on that list.
I guess it's bigger in Korea and stuff though, isn't it?
Yeah, and this is a worldwide list.
Yeah, okay.
Well, yeah, Lineage wouldn't even be in the top 10 if it was just America.
I mean, no offense, Lineage is fine.
It's just that that game has its huge following in Asia.
I still have my Lineage Coke can.
Oh, right.
Yeah, not a bad game.
Not shading the game, I'm just saying.
I'm still incredibly jealous that China has Call of Duty Online.
I would be very curious what would happen to that list if you threw the MOBAs into the mix.
Because, you know, something we're not talking a lot about tonight, but is very much going on, is like, you know, the International for Dota 2, and it's on frickin' ESPN3.
I've still not tried a MOBA at all.
You really? Just try it for fun.
The problem is, I think the easiest one to pick up and learn is Blizzard's Heroes of the Storm, but it's still in its super special secret club invite phase.
So you have to, you know, get an invite in order to play it.
But League of Legends has a decent tutorial.
Dota has a really good tutorial, too. I just think, or Dota 2.
I just think the problem with Dota 2 is that there's a lot more micromanagement in that game.
Like, when you look at the management in that game versus Heroes of the Storm, it's a lot.
And that doesn't make it bad, people. I'm not saying that makes Dota 2 bad.
I enjoyed my time with Dota 2.
What about the DC one that they have? Don't they have, like, a DC or Marvel one or something?
Oh, I'm sure everybody's going for that now.
By the way, Alan's made quite a bit of commentary about Queer Eye.
Oh, please.
In the chat.
Oh, I'll read it here.
Yeah, you read it.
Okay, so fine. If the chatters want to talk about Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, I don't have a problem with that.
Alan Huckabee says,
Queer Eye for the Straight Guy sucked after the third season because the guys they made over just got hotter and hotter and hotter.
The dudes in Season 1 and Season 2 were real trolls, so the turnaround was incredibly impressive.
In later seasons, it was like, okay, this dude is not having trouble getting laid.
We're just giving him some hot bro 25k of new shit for his apartment and a haircut.
This isn't interesting anymore.
True that.
It kind of just jumped the shark at some point, especially when they started having the Queer Eye for the Straight Girl and all that.
It wasn't the same thing.
So, anyway, more news. We have Pinball FX2 coming out for Xbox One on July 31st.
The circle is complete.
And it will include, basically, the entire Pinball FX2 library, or nearly all.
Including the Star Wars packs, the Marvel Pinball Tables, Plants vs. Zombies, and the original Zen Tables.
And it is going to be, the tables will be 1080p, 60 frames per second, and they will range between $249 and $299 with packs at $999.
So, and that's in American dollars.
And then last, but not least, we have a game that's now called Game Journal Simulator.
Basically, you are playing as a journalist for a video game company.
And so, basically, it's just, it's something more inspired by Goat Simulator and Rock Simulator 2014.
A collaborative project between, I guess, Evangelho.
So, are there two buttons in the simulator? One for copy and one for paste?
It's a fair question. He's laughing.
Oh, no, because you have to have the action menu button for find inappropriately copyrighted material to use as your source.
Repost, repost, repost, repost.
Let's make Podcast Simulator.
Podcast Simulator.
Clickbait headline, clickbait headline.
That's right.
You won't believe the things that they're doing in this generation of gaming.
Here's ten reasons.
Let's talk all about Kickstarter, picture of giant breasts.
You know, it's like, what?
I got to see this picture.
Oh, that's not even, doesn't have anything to do with it.
Alright, that was some rapid fire news.
Let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Because every week on this show, we go to our Facebook community and we go to our Google Plus community.
And when you put those words together, you get foogle.
And because of my playlist reset during the show earlier, I don't have my music for this.
Foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y, foogle-y.
I kind of want a new theme song.
We have foogle-y, we have foogle-y, I don't know.
Oh, my God. Can somebody put that through auto-tune?
No, it wasn't out of tune, was it?
No, no, put it in auto-tune.
Alright, forget it. I found it.
It's not here, foogle.
Alright, here it is, the foogle question of the week.
As technology improves, the graphics in games gets more and more real.
In fact, a news station used a screenshot from Metal Gear Solid 5 in a report on Child Soldiers.
So we talked about this earlier in the show.
Womp, womp.
When was a point from you in video game graphics history where you said,
wow, these graphics look so real.
Come on, we've all done it, right?
Like, they can't get more real than they are now, right?
I could actually tell you an example.
You've got to get away till the end.
Admit it, was it Mode 7, or was it the PlayStation 2 or even 3 era
for you to believe a Final Fantasy cut scene looked way too good?
What is it?
So let's go to some of the comments.
We're going to start over on Facebook.
From AZHP who said, when the PlayStation 2 was being revealed to E3
and they showed that it could render Final Fantasy VIII's ballroom scene in real time,
I was blown away, I wanted the PlayStation 2 right then and there.
And they never did do that, of course.
That was like the PlayStation 3 and the Final Fantasy VII pages.
It's just concept only.
They like to do that a lot.
Robert K says, it wasn't until the Dreamcast and Shenmue that I was left absolutely gobsmacked.
For the time, the realism was nothing short of astounding to me.
Characters that didn't look like you'd lose an eye if you bumped into them
in a true living lifelike world and a kitten.
Tech 2030 says, Grand Theft Auto 3 was the first game that blew me away with its graphics.
I was a Nintendo kid up until that point, but after playing it at a friend's house,
I went out and bought a PlayStation 2 for it.
SHJ100Matt says, I don't remember the specific game,
but I do remember family members being blown away at times.
My father was blown away by Star Wars Shadows of the Empire on the N64,
and my older brother thought I was watching a live NBA game
when he caught me playing NBA 2K1 on Dreamcast.
Rod L replies and says, I'm going to show my age now.
The 1990 hit on Commodore 64, Creatures.
I love this answer, and I must be showing my age too.
The art style was very much in the vein of the kids' TV show Trap Door,
but with a bloody-minded sense of humor.
It was the quality of the animation that blew me away.
I remember thinking, this is like watching a TV show.
That's an awesome answer.
And Rod is over in the UK where the Commodore 64 was even bigger than it was here,
so I'm sure that's where that kind of comes from a little bit.
Because I don't remember that game over here,
but by 1990, we had a Nintendo in the house,
and I wasn't playing as many games on Commodore 64 at that point.
I miss Commodore.
Sniff. All right.
I'll find you one.
Huh?
I'll find you one.
My parents have one to give me if it still works.
It's in their garage.
Get it.
I know. I don't even know what to play on it.
I don't have discs.
Where am I going to find five and a quarter floppies to put Commodore games on?
I'll get back to you on that.
Okay. Good.
Renee, if you guys want to donate something to push the show forward,
you want to say a nice thank you or something for the past few years,
get me a Commodore 64.
Not that I'm not above begging when it comes to a Commodore 64.
Don't they have those newer ones?
Yeah, I really thought about getting one of those.
They were kind of overpriced.
They did an MSX too, so if somebody wants to.
No, actually, if anyone wants to donate anything to the show,
it'll be a Duo RX for Jamie.
Just send us classic games.
That's it.
Send Jamie a Duo RX.
And some chicken.
And some chicken.
All right.
Renee replies and says,
It took me a little while to think of when exactly this happened,
but I pinpointed to when Virtua Fighter came out in the arcades
and then onto the Sega Saturn.
That game and that console really opened my eyes
and made me realize that this was what was to come in the future of video games.
Alan Alchemy says,
Here are my biggest three.
The Mode 7 used in the opening minutes of Secret of Mana.
The pre-rendered opening cinematics of Resident Evil 2.
Ooh, that's a good one.
And the graphics of the launch title Soul Calibur HD remake for the Dreamcast.
Joe G says,
I'd have to say the opening cut scene from Final Fantasy VII.
It was so gorgeous.
I'd say Final Fantasy X, but I played.
Oh, sorry.
It was XII, not VII.
Sorry, guys.
And that was Haseo Sumeruogawa who said that.
Final Fantasy XII.
I misread.
I just saw the II.
But, yeah, the opening scene to XII was pretty kick butt.
Pretty kick butt.
All right.
Let's go over to our Google Plus page
because I know we got a couple answers over there.
I don't want to make sure we read those too.
Let's see.
I think there's just a couple.
Three.
Act Def says,
I think it was during the PlayStation 2, Xbox GameCube generations
that actually got me to say this almost looks real.
Granted, in comparison to what we have now, they kind of suck.
But it was pretty cool to see some realistic graphics back in the day
and just be amazed at how much video games have improved in that sense.
Ronnie B says,
When I played Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
That's a really good answer.
Redertainment says,
I was playing NBA 2K13 and my mom saw me playing it,
thinking it was an actual live game.
My mom asked me why I was watching a basketball game from earlier in the year.
I simply told her that it was a video game and not a real one.
I've never had a problem telling the difference between video games and reality
because reality bites.
There you go.
Thank you for those answers from our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
Dark Soccer, I know you were waiting to answer this yourself.
When did video games, when did it get too real?
It wasn't necessarily a thing for me.
Just because, I mean, if you put a CG thing next to you,
I can almost always pick it out.
But then again, I know things to look for.
I can't turn that off.
My boss, when I worked at Aladdin's Castle, his name was Anthony.
I would love to find him again.
He was a great guy.
But we had Tekken 3 there.
And this was before any other place had Tekken 3.
They were only at Namco Arcades.
And he was looking at the intro to Tekken 3 and he's like,
he's like, I promise you 10 years from now,
no one's going to be able to tell the difference.
And it was just like,
and in that case, yeah,
there were some games you really could not tell the difference.
Yeah.
So, and I think my response was,
no, they're always going to be too pretty to be real.
Strangely accurate.
That was during my Jinx obsession,
because I was vaguely obsessed with Jinx Kazama.
Loki, do you have an answer for this?
There's never really been a thing where I've said,
oh, this is going to be like the best it's ever going to be,
but the graphics and graphics of the five are pretty damn impressive.
Yeah.
Even just the current gen, or last gen stuff, I guess, is pretty nice.
I mean, as a game, I guess you got to get it on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One.
Whatever, right?
Add that to the list.
But yeah, I mean, I think that's really impressive.
I want to say there was probably a time like PlayStation 2 or something,
probably one of the intro videos or something that looked really good.
I don't know.
I remember being really impressed with Twisted Metal Black
when that first came out, and that's even pretty basic.
I really wish they'd do another.
I know they did Twisted Metal, but that was all fucked up.
I really wish they'd do more of a Twisted Metal Black type game.
It'd be amazing.
All right.
I would say my answer would be, honestly,
I would go way back to the Nintendo Entertainment System
and a game that, when it came out, I was like, this is like a cartoon.
I'm playing a cartoon, and it looks just like a TV cartoon.
Mega Man 2 was the game, and I was like, the graphics are so freaking good.
It's like I'm playing a cartoon.
It really is.
And then probably, honestly, I remember playing on the Super Nintendo Pilot Wings
and just being blown away by the Mode 7 stuff.
Like, how cool was that the first time you saw that?
I mean, you go back at it and look at it now, and you're like,
God, it's so pixely and blocky.
But at the time, being a kid, especially,
and taking that big step up from the Nintendo Entertainment System
just blew my mind.
The Rocket Belt stuff was so much fun.
I remember, like, arcade game-wise, I mean,
I used to love some of the driving cabinets and stuff,
but one of the most fun driving cabinets I had would probably have been
the F-Zero GX cabinet.
Oh, yes.
That was just awesome.
It's awesome.
It's really just kind of the sense of speed,
especially when you get those fancy cabinets that tilt and everything.
Oh, that was awesome.
Good times. Good times.
All right, great answers.
Thanks, you guys, for another successful FUGO Question of the Week.
Let's get back onto some other gaming news.
We'll run through this pretty quick because I know we have a few emails
because we weren't here last week.
We've got to catch up on some emails.
So, Loki.
So this is kind of neat.
Sony kind of picking up the, hey, you know what?
People are actually using Playroom to do things other than just play Playroom.
They're actually doing shows and all sorts of stuff.
Of course, not necessarily bringing light to the porn stuff,
but, yeah, they're doing shows.
So guess what?
There's going to be a brand new update that's coming called Set Maker,
and it adds a bunch of new functionality to it to aid in production of hosted shows.
You can use a tablet as a production suite.
You'd be able to add all sorts of different virtual objects and effects,
studio lights, digital banners.
This is really cool.
They can even interact with Twitch and put polls up where they can,
you know, who's your favorite character?
And they list some stuff, and you're able to vote in real time on there
and that kind of thing.
So really cool stuff.
I'm glad to see they're kind of embracing what people are doing in game room,
and maybe we'll actually see some more shows out of this.
It'd be pretty cool.
Yeah, you know, I'm all for indie broadcasting,
and I think it's really cool.
Do you think this is something we should  I'm going to pose this to the chatters.
I know that Dark Soccer is not interested in doing video,
and she doesn't have to because, you know, even when we were doing the Justin TV thing,
we found a way around it.
But is video something you guys are seriously interested in?
Because if so, we have a space for it.
I can plop a PlayStation 4 over there.
We can maneuver Jamie so that maybe just her shoes are on camera or something
and do the show that way again.
I'll make sure to wear funny socks.
I think you should do that.
I'll be Nanny.
Yes, you're like Nanny from Muppet Babies.
I'll speak with a trombone or I'll wear a mask.
Although I just want to say I think you're a very pretty gal,
and you should have nothing to worry about with a camera.
I respect that it is your right to choose who you'd like to do it or not.
I don't want it to steal my soul.
Fair enough, fair enough.
But yeah, maybe that's something we're going to have to look into.
I don't know. Would you guys be interested in that?
Rob, I'm like Daft Punk.
Huh?
I'm like Daft Punk.
Are you?
I'll have an Android outfit for 
I would have to see how it affects, stream wise,
if you can stream that to Twitch and it might be hard watching the chat room for Twitch.
I don't know how it even displays on TV as far as showing what's on there.
I don't know if it's 
That's a very good point, especially on nights when we have a lot of people here
and we have guests, especially when Jason's here as well,
and then we have another guest on top of that.
Everybody's got their computers.
We've got to be very careful with the bandwidth.
That's a very good point and something we have to take into consideration is that audio gets priority.
The show is called Orange Lawns Radio and that is always going to be the priority.
I never got the thrill of watching it because I kind of 
but at the same time, I realize some of our listeners want to see that
and we do have these things that happen occasionally where it's like it is a visual reference.
Like something falls over or something funny happens or I'm saying look at that
and it just inevitably happens even though it's a radio show.
So I can respect that.
But I love the idea, so we'll see. We will see.
All right. Yeah, sg100matt says, I don't see why not.
Sounds like something that could be cool, but I would block the chat room on there.
Too much venom.
Oh, I would too.
I wouldn't even have it on the screen and I would have some type of sign that said to join chat,
go to live that  or we could actually moderate it.
And then if you don't even pay attention to the comments in there, it won't even be an issue
because yeah, I'm not going to have people trolling for the sake of trolling.
Anybody who has something intelligent to say is intelligent enough to go to another website to do it, right?
There you go.
All right, let's talk about Super Smash Brothers Wii U, which is  is that its real name?
That's the name they're going to release it as?
It's actually  the box art says Super Smash Brothers for Wii U.
That's so weird that 
It's so stupid is what it is.
I'm not a fan of the name. I'm really not. I mean, I understand 
Yeah, the other one's Super Smash Brothers for 3DS.
I don't like that. I don't know what they were thinking with that, but whatever. So it is what it is.
It's worth their thinking that we don't want to come up with a name.
This is the company that thought Wii was a good name?
But it ended up working. But anyway, anyway.
So apparently there is a rumor out there, thanks to a GameStop manager, so to tell you with a big grain of salt,
that every copy of Smash Brothers that comes out for the Wii U is going to come with a free amiibo figure
and that the street date for this will be November 21st when this comes out.
I wouldn't doubt this at all, actually. This makes a lot of sense.
The date makes sense. The amiibo figure being thrown in there makes a lot of sense to kind of get people started with that.
I wouldn't doubt that there might be two SKUs, one with a figure and one without, or that, you know, this being GameStop,
the figure is a pre-order exclusive at GameStop. Maybe they get one figure. Amazon gets another figure.
Target gets another. Who knows? Something along those lines. I really hope it doesn't go that way.
But Nintendo has done something that I really hated. The Xenoblade thing when they released that only at GameStop
and online on Nintendo's website. That was like the worst thing they ever did.
So it could be a possibility. But yeah, we'll see.
Also, in the Smash Brothers universe, there were some new characters confirmed this week.
A couple of folks from Fire Emblem, Lucina and Robin, and Captain Falcon officially added to the Smash Brothers roster.
And Lady Robin.
That is right.
Because Nintendo has no problem rendering a woman.
Rendering female characters is very easy for Nintendo.
It is a little weird to see.
The Wii U is simpler hardware, Dark Soccer. Is that the issue?
It's a little strange that they're gender swapping just that one character.
I mean, are they gonna...
Oh yeah, Wii Fit Trainer can gender swap male and female.
Yeah, but that's two different characters though. I don't think there's a female Robin in Fire Emblem.
I think it's just that they created this new character. Does that increase the roster?
Although, maybe Lucinda will have a swap with...
Can we get a male Samus, but just call it Justin Bailey?
That'd just be Sam.
And he is Justin Bailey.
Alright.
Yeah, so that's pretty cool that that's out there.
However, the only downside to that is that I still have not had Nests confirmed for me.
Look, I've given up hope that Luc... I don't care that Lucas doesn't come back.
I've given up on that a long time ago.
PK Fire!
Where the fuck is Ness? Where is he?
Do not piss me off, Nintendo.
Do not piss me off.
Well, they have Gamescom, they have Comic-Con.
They've gotta save their announcements.
They're gonna slowly... they're slow burning this.
True.
Shane's texting me from the other room saying that in Fire Emblem, when you pick your gender, you can be female Robin.
So it is...
Okay, so it's a legit character thing.
Thanks, Shane. Who's too lazy.
Thank you, Shane.
She's screaming from the bedroom. Welcome!
He's in the living room.
Where's your living room?
I saw him just in there.
You texted me from the living room?
He said he was lazy.
Do I need to go put a condenser mic in there?
He said, no, what's that?
What's a condenser mic?
Alright. Moving on.
That kind of makes me think of the weird conversation I had with Dan the other day.
What's that?
Mopar. Mostly old parts and rust.
And then he had to go look it up.
I know mocap. Alright.
No, it's Dan got filters for my car.
Dark Sakura. Let's move on. Another story.
Well, people don't like this bullshit about the net neutrality changes.
They really don't like it.
Like, you heard about the guy who went in and tested the throttling.
And then posted that up for everyone to get pissed off about.
Well, there's also now over 1 million comments to the FCC about the net neutrality changes.
In fact, according to Gigi Sohn with the FCC, as of noon, and this was on the 17th of July,
1,300,000 net neutrality comments had been filed with the FCC.
And we had a lot of this put out, a comment put out by the Progressive Change Campaign Committee
that runs a site called No Slow Lane saying, and I'll just read the quote on here.
This is an extraordinary outcry from over 1 million Americans, forcing the FCC to extend its deadline to handle the deluge, make it clear.
The American public demands that the FCC side with them on net neutrality.
Not big telecom companies like Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, and Time Warner.
And that's a quote coming from Keith Rota, the PCCC organizer.
Whoo! Keep making your voices heard. They're listening.
That's great. Yeah, definitely. If you don't let your voice be heard in this government stuff,
then they're just going to do what the companies are paying them to do.
And your politicians will keep voting the way that their lobbyists pay them to.
Until they know that they won't get reelected if they continue to do so. So, very important.
All right, just a few more stories and then the mailbag. Loki.
So, in Europe, there was this whole thing about the free-to-play games and, you know,
they basically forcing some, or they wanted some better restrictions regarding in-app, accidental in-app purchases made on different devices.
And they're actually pretty happy with how Google's handled everything.
Apple, on the other hand, hasn't really stepped up yet.
And now, what exactly has Google done?
Well, they have decided in the European regions to actually not mark games that are free-to-play, if you will,
that have in-app purchases as actually free.
You can download them.
You know, the advertising, I guess, might be, I'm not sure how they actually have them listed right now.
They don't really have them listed as free, but you can just download the games even though they are free-to-play, but you have in-app purchases or something.
They should have, like, a thing that says in-app purchases or something. I think it would be pretty good.
If maybe not free or something. Or free with in-app purchases.
Why can't they do that? That doesn't seem that hard to say.
And this, I think...
Well, on the app store on the iPhone, it does say right under the album art, it says,
this app may contain in-app purchases or it says this app contains in-app purchases.
And you can even see what the top in-app purchases are to get a sense of what's in the app.
I know. I think, once again, it's just people not taking responsibility.
And a lot of this comes from, you know, the complaints filed against EA for Dungeon Keeper, which, you know, they advertise that as free,
but it's definitely, you know, forcing...
They're doing whatever they can to persuade you to buy in-app purchases by crippling the game so badly.
I don't know. I think that they should maybe have a few more, you know, safeguards in place,
but I think they're almost getting to the point where it's all they can really do,
and it's time for the users to be responsible for what they're purchasing.
And if they're giving their kid their tablet and their kid is running in-app purchases because they forgot to put...
They didn't put on parental settings or something like that, then I think it's really their own fault
and they should be responsible for those purchases and can't say,
oh, I didn't know that my child ran up $2,000 in purchases or something.
I don't know. Or maybe, well, they're not going to limit them to how much they can purchase per day,
but, you know, maybe that might be a good option or something.
By default or something, no.
Oh, they'll never do that because they don't want to inhibit you from spending money on their storefronts.
Alright, well, going to another story, and I bet this is one that Shane might actually get up and come into the room for.
We'll see because it has to do with Power Rangers.
What's that?
Yes, it's about the Power Rangers.
I'm going to screw something up. Just wait.
Alright, here's the deal.
And this even came up earlier when we were talking about Kickstarter stuff.
So Chroma Squad is this game that was on Kickstarter some time ago,
and the developer, Behold Games, has put an update on their Kickstarter page
saying that there is a royalty share deal being negotiated right now with the Power Rangers owner, Saban,
who actually owns the rights to the Power Rangers right now.
But here's the thing is that Chroma Squad isn't supposed to be about the Power Rangers.
It's about the Sentai.
And they actually say in the response that Behold Games wrote it to Joystiq, who is doing an article on this,
said, quote, Sentai is a genre that is not a creation of Saban.
So if we're negotiating a win-win partnership, we won't change anything in the game,
and we'll make it in a way that we can get some advertisement from them and use some direct references of their show.
I know some of the players will like it.
But it's not a genre. It's actually, it's a franchise.
It's owned by Toei.
Yeah.
So they're wrong again.
Well, they still earned $97,000 plus on Kickstarter back in 2013.
The early access beta version of the game was up in April for their backers.
And, yep, there's still some updates going on on Kickstarter about all that thing.
And, by the way, Behold Games has agreed to discuss terms with Saban.
They have not actually partnered with them yet.
That is not something, like, they're not actually...
But Saban doesn't, whatever.
It's complicated, right?
Stupid.
So, did I get everything, Shane?
Yeah.
Yeah, he said, eh.
Are you playing...
For the record...
Are you playing Chroma Squad?
For the record...
I can't even hear him.
Sentai is a genre.
Super Sentai is a copyright owned by...
I think it is Toei.
Yes.
And, for the record, the first Sentai series was Gachamon.
Wait, Shane, are you playing Chroma Squad?
No, I'm playing Pokemon.
He said, no, I'm playing Pokemon.
Let's be honest.
Okay, Ramus' little thing is tokusatsu, but the Super Sentai is a copyrighted title.
But, looking at, seriously, the looking at the pictures, you're like,
okay, that's, you know, Power Rangers.
I understand that, you know, Sentai is a genre, but it looks like Power Rangers.
The other issue is there's a lot of people in this country who don't know better,
who look at it and go, oh, it's a Power Rangers game.
And, sometimes, that can be very tricky with the law.
Uh-oh, Shane came in to talk.
He's got something very important to add to this.
No, I was just going to say that I don't think Saban had a problem
when Mario RPG had to ax some Rangers.
That was a rip-off of Sentai stuff.
That can be parody at that point.
Yeah, and this is parody, too, isn't it?
I mean, there's nothing on here that Saban needs to touch and ruin, so.
Does Saban like to touch and ruin things?
Yes, the last four seasons of Power Rangers have been god-awful.
Allegedly, just because I don't want to get sued by him, too.
It's true.
All right.
All right, there you go.
The word from Shane himself there.
Well, the thing is, though, is they're not going to be able to,
I mean, they don't have the money to fight that,
so they kind of have to take whatever deal they're going to get.
But, yes, they should have really made them not look like Power Rangers,
because it seriously looks very close, and it gets down to that,
oh, well, it's parody or something like that.
But if it fits to the point where just Joe Blow on the street or whatever
looks at your product and they think that it's this,
even if it's not Power Rangers, but they think it is,
then you have a copyright case or, I guess, a trademark case.
I don't know what you'd call it.
It looks too close to Pokemon.
It looks too close to Power Rangers.
And nothing like Pokemon.
What about NB Rangers and DJ?
We can't hear you. We can't hear you at all.
What about NB Rangers and DJ Max?
They look more like Power Rangers.
I feel like that boyshoe here over the guy in Japanese talking,
yet it's just the same thing.
I'm just repeating it in the mic because Shane is too lazy to get his own translator.
Anyway, look, we're moving on to the mailbag,
but I want to say some things in the chat room,
although I don't know because I don't want to inflate Shane's ego either.
But Act F says, see, Shane knows. Shane is the man.
And Rama says, thank you, base Shane.
And Pop Coffee says, Shane with the real talk.
Well, there you go. All right.
Well, here's our Power Rangers liaison.
Power Rangers and Pokemon liaison here at OLR.
And maybe Destiny.
Hey, who hit max level in Destiny, Shane?
Not me.
Not you.
I had to go to sleep.
Uh-huh, uh-huh. Excuses, excuses.
Hey, hey, nobody can hear you, so what you're saying doesn't matter.
Let's move on to the mailbag.
And what does matter are emailers.
When you guys email us every week at participate at orangelawnsradio.com.
Again, that's participate at orangelawnsradio.com.
You guys participate with our program and send us emails.
Witch Dark Sakura dives into this participate mailbag
and reads her favorites here on air.
Hold on real quick before I got to totally derail everything.
God damn it.
Because I just had a wonderful thought.
Stop the music. Stop the music.
No, I was just thinking, you know, because...
I don't know why the word genocide made me think of Betty White,
but wouldn't it be hilarious if they couldn't get Peter Dinklage
to do his lines in Destiny, you know, well enough
that they should just get Betty White to do the voice of Ghost?
It would probably be better than Peter Dinklage.
Shane also said that.
Show of hands, who would prefer Betty White to Peter Dinklage?
Show of hands.
I have no point of comparison.
Alright, show of hands.
Well, Betty White is always better than anything,
so that's the only comparison you need.
Back to the mailbag.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Betty White, if you're out there, email us.
First email.
And of course we've got two weeks worth of them to go through.
So, um...
Excuse me.
I agree with that depth in our chat room.
What the fuck, Loki?
I don't know.
Alright.
Happy Sunday, Orange Lounge.
In today's gaming scene, stuff like YouTube and Twitch are thriving.
With so many gamers and media nuts upping their video and audio editing skills,
what do you think it takes to stand out amongst the crowd
and turn this into a career one day?
Along with the music I'm making, I do fishing, hunting, and gaming videos,
and I could use the advice.
Much love, Orange Lounge.
EA skeezy.
Be entertaining.
Passion.
Proper spelling.
Drive.
I think enthusiasm goes a long way.
Grammar.
And I realize there's a lot of cynicism out there in the gaming community
that does very, very well, but I also think that's kind of like a landmine.
I think there's a far greater audience that want to listen to people
that genuinely love what it is that they're talking about.
And I think if you love what you're doing,
then that ends up being infectious,
and people want to be a part of what it is you're doing.
Then again, we might be the wrong people to be asking
because we don't make money off of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but I can tell you these are the things I like to see in other productions.
It does help to have very clean presentation.
Because coming from a design standpoint,
if you're going to be putting out a visual product,
the first thing people are going to see is whatever introduction you have
to said product.
That's going to be the cover to your book, pretty much.
And people do judge a book by its cover.
I'm not saying content isn't important.
I'm saying you want to have something that well represents the content
and gives a person an idea to what they can expect.
Don't burn your fucking bridges.
Networking is so, so important in this industry.
Never burn your bridges and piss somebody off
because you never know when that's going to come back to haunt you.
I think that is very, very, very important because,
and I say this all the time in any podcasting,
I have zero tolerance for when a podcast decides to shade another,
hardworking any podcast, talk shit about each other on air,
just for ratings or whatever it is.
I think that's trashy.
And nobody wants to hear that.
And it just makes everybody involved look stupid.
And I want to be known.
I don't know if anybody out there talks natively about OLR.
I don't think so anymore.
But if that's happening, I don't want to be.
We've had them all eliminated.
Well, we've outlived them all.
Longest running. Hey.
What if I piss the bridge and burn somebody?
But I'm just saying, don't ever burn the bridges
because that will come back to get you.
Like I'm telling you.
You're going to have to learn to swim.
From what I just told you, the whole don't shade other people,
there's people on my little black list I've got.
And yes, I have one.
And I've never told you who's on it because, again, I'm not in that business.
But these are people who were talking negatively about our show
or on a forum or something else.
We're saying things that I don't think were very cool.
And I will never work with those people.
They're all gone by now because they couldn't make it.
I wonder why.
But these shows I would never work with ever.
Yeah, I wonder where those guys on Digg are now.
The ones that were trolling you some time ago?
Whatever.
On Reddit, I guess.
No, it was Digg.
No, no. That's the joke. Where are they now?
On Reddit.
And they're probably on Fortran.
Maybe.
They're on slash B.
So, anyway.
There you go. That was my long-winded answer to the question
that I hope was what you were looking for.
I do think that good design goes a long way.
This one, this is kind of a long one. This is from the 10th.
So, it was before.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, OLR Crew, AZHP here.
I've been behind on the podcast lately.
That's okay because we've been behind doing them.
But you guys talked about a topic a few weeks ago that's been on my mind.
Universities offering scholarships for people who are talented at League of Legends.
You guys mainly talked about it from the standpoint of our video games support.
I wanted to cover it from a different angle.
The school's angle.
If you're a school trying to recruit talent,
you want to provide scholarships that attract talented people.
High school kids nowadays are playing League because it costs nothing
and they're super invested in it.
You're going to attract more attention if you're catering to their interests.
The school gets eyes on its people who are the right age to be applying for their gaming.
Hold on. I lost my place.
Who are the right age to be applying to their schools.
If you're offering a scholarship to something as ubiquitous in the gaming world as League,
it's going to get competitive.
You're going to get applicants who are prodigies at the game.
People who are extremely talented and not just from a pure Twitch gaming perspective,
but also are proven to have great tactical thinking and work well with others.
These are great qualities that schools look for.
And if the programs become very successful,
the school's League ends up competing in international and big tournaments.
And that's promotion for the school every single time.
I can think of tons of people who would love to go to a school that has a talented team,
a League team playing at it.
In short, from the school's perspective,
getting with the times and offering scholarships to people who play a majorly popular game
is extremely forward-thinking and proactive.
I think that if they play their cards right,
it will end up making their school much more palatable to the next generation of kids
applying to college and in the next few years.
Of course, this hinges on Riot maintaining the popularity of League,
but if all things remain on the same trajectory over the next few years,
League is just going to get bigger and bigger.
Sorry for the long email, but I wanted to provide another perspective
that seems to have gone unaddressed in your guys' discussion.
Keep up the great work, AZHP.
I think that was a very well-thought-out email with some very good points.
And it was well-written. It was spelled right.
As AZHP tends to do.
So, another one for his gold file.
I really have nothing to say in response to that.
I think those are all very good points.
Again, it's been a couple weeks, so I can't remember exactly what we were saying about it on the show.
It was about the...
I know we were talking about the whole sport and all that.
You know, is it really sport? And that's kind of the direction we went in with it.
But I think he does make a good point.
I get sweaty playing League.
I think he does make a good point that it's just like, you know, kids today think League is cool
and might want to go to a school with that.
And, you know, people that are good at League are probably going to, you know,
again, making some generalizations, but probably going to excel in these particular areas.
Actually, SSJ100, Matt has a good comment.
Sure.
My problem with this is my problem with college sports in general.
These kids will bring in a lot of money for their school, but none of that will trickle down to the students
who have to pay for a lot in terms of room, board, and living expenses.
So, basically, they're bringing them in as revenue generators.
Right.
All right.
Well, very good response email.
All right. Last email.
Yep.
It says Jell-O, and then this subject was a typo on my iPhone. I refuse to correct it.
Okay.
Fair enough.
I thought it was about Jell-O, and Jell-O is pretty fucking good.
There's always room for Jell-O.
Especially with whipped cream.
Hey, OLR crew. Just listened to episode 559 and super excited that you guys are making it out to DragonCon.
I'm going to be traveling down from New York City.
I grew up in Alabama. Shout out to DS. Woohoo!
So, it's just like going back home.
Sadly, it is just, unless DarkSakuraLoki pulls something out last minute, it is just me going.
It's not the whole OLR's crew, but a lot of diverse-
I'm probably going to Disneyland instead.
A lot of diverse people at VoG are going to be there, so excited to meet you.
Two questions first.
When you guys go to conventions, especially multi-fandom, multi-genre conventions, what do you make and aim to spend the most time on?
Panels, game room, dealer's room, parties, or exploring something unfamiliar.
I haven't been to a real convention in several years, and now that I'm an adult and I'm needing to take time before I can interrupt my life for a week to do this,
it makes me think cons are vacations for nerds, so I'm looking forward to the party fun and mostly stress-free weekend.
I will tell you one thing. Any con you go to is scheduled an entire day after your travel to sleep.
Yes. I do that with DragonCon.
And so, I say look at the schedule, plot your time wisely.
I'd say that if you plan on going to the same convention for multiple years, do like some of the big events over different years.
I don't go to masquerades anymore. While I want to support the cosplay community, after Anime Expo, I don't go to masquerades at big cons anymore. I just don't do it.
I like the way that Bobby and his friends did it at DragonCon, where they watched the masquerade on the TV, because DragonCon's big enough.
Yeah, AX started doing that.
And then everybody just orders the pizza and just watches it on the TV. I thought that was a really cool way of doing it.
So you kind of have that private viewing with the convention people, but you don't have to fight the crowds to get in the real room and all that stuff.
As far as what I like to do most at the convention, I like to do the parties honestly. I'm not going to lie, that's my favorite thing. I like the parties.
I almost hate the parties.
Well, you and I are different in that regard though.
I like ghosting parties.
What's that?
Meaning you find out what parties all of your friends are having, and then you go get free drinks at each party, hang out with your friends until you get completely sick of how loud it is.
Then you have quiet time in the elevator going to the next floor to the next party, and then you ghost that one too.
And not really bringing free drinks. What I like to do is I would have the medium-sized bottles of liquor and make my contribution to little parties.
That works.
But for the most time, the biggest thing that we did, our parties just consisted of finding some way to hook up a Super Nintendo to the TV and playing Super Mario World all night.
That was the one stupid thing I didn't do at GamerX was bring my own gaming console to hook up to the TV to invite people to the room.
You guys were hardly in there at all. Every time I went back up there to get my quiet time, you guys just weren't there.
Well, that's good because you want a quiet time. And you know me, I would have been like, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
Basically all of my times up there were take off the shoes, let the feet rest, switch into costume.
I would say to this emailer, not to drag this out too much longer, but just plan on the panels you want to do and decide is this a must-see or a would-like-to-see.
So for example, you're going to put the VOG Network panel on Monday on your must-see list.
That way you make sure and come to the thing at all costs.
But then on your kind of want-to-see list is that, okay, if I miss these, I'm not going to be upset about it.
But at the same time, if I'm not really doing anything, I'm going to try to make these panels.
But with DragonCon, you have to line up for a lot of them like way in advance.
Not ours, certainly, but a lot of the big ones with stars, you're going to have to line up way in advance.
Also, if there are any particular movie showings or anything going on, big events, if they don't interest you, use that as your dealer's time room.
Have fun, and if you're not having fun, change what you're doing.
Also, if you're cosplaying things with big wings, don't wear them into the dealer's room.
I learned that the hard way.
Fair enough.
I thought, I'll go in the dealer's room. Good photo ops. No.
Because they actually had a photo section on the corner of the dealer's room that year at AX.
And I was like, I'll just go in there and do that. No.
Because you still have to navigate through the crowd together.
Okay, oh, there's one more. Okay.
And lastly, dark soccer, this is for me. I have one cosplay already, but I feel like I need another.
Who should I cosplay? I can't decide. No homestuck, please. I'd only want to do a troll and a thank you to body paint.
Well, I was going to say, if you were going to do homestuck, I think that, and this is from Duchok.
I would say anyone who cosplays Dave Strider with the turntables gets cool points in my book.
I'm just saying, that would be the homestuck I'd like to see.
I don't really know what you're into.
Yeah, I have no idea what you look like. Not that, I mean, you can certainly cosplay anything you want.
Different gender, different whatever. But sometimes that's a good place to start.
Like, I probably am going to do Joker for Dragon Con because you know what, with a red beard I kind of look like him.
So that's a good place for me to start. So that might be a good place for you to start.
But yeah, I think it really depends on what you're into. What are you into? What do you love?
Yeah, I mean, the whole reason I picked a homestuck cosplay is because I needed something quick and easy.
I didn't have time to plan. And so, the Jane costume was quick and easy.
I mean, the prop took me weeks to make, but other than that, you know.
And I just want to make crystal clear that I'm saying that do what you love and it doesn't matter if you do or don't look like them.
I'm only saying if you have no idea where to begin, that could be a starting place for you.
But I will tell you what I do. The first thing that I do is I decide if this is something I'm going to make from scratch or if it's something I'm going to thrift.
Because most of the time my thrift costumes are my, you know, wear throughout the day and then I save my better ones for, you know, actual gatherings and photo op times.
But, like, my King of Fighters Leona costume was part from a thrift store and part from an Army-Navy store.
Where we just modified an already existing double-breasted jacket into the top for my Leona costume.
And then used all the leftover straps for the rest of the material.
If you are going to wear an outfit that requires combat boots, make sure they fit you before you wear them.
Make sure they're not molded to somebody else's freakin' feet. Mold them to your damn feet. It takes a month.
I made that mistake and I played DDR in my Jill costume. I had, you wouldn't believe, oh my God, my feet were a nightmare.
And by the way, that comes from, I think I said it came from Duchac.
But the other thing, too, that I would like to say is that if you're going to, the other thing that I do with my costumes is that I find, first of all, as many references from whatever it is I'm doing it from.
And easy if you're doing it from a 3D video game that you have fly cam controls in, like in Mass Effect, easy.
If it's a game you can also rip the textures from, do that, because then you can get a really good idea for the patterns of the material.
And then find other cosplayers. Learn from other people. See what they've done. Look for patterns.
Tumblr will almost always have cosplay tutorials up. And then plot your time wisely. That's the big thing.
Alright.
And if Ron has got anything else to add, let me know.
Big response to that email. Any other emails? I thought you said one more.
No, I said the one more was that lost a little bit to the email.
Well, then there you go. Well, you should send us more emails. Participate at orangelandrada.com is the place to send us emails.
Learn to sew.
And I'll meet you, like any good drag queen would do.
I need to, I need to, I would need a sewing machine.
Alright. I believe now we are going to get into the FUs of the week. In fact, I don't believe it. I know it. We're going to get into the FUs of the week right now.
I have to actually add what Rama just posted in chat. Cosplayblogwiththebrain.wordpress.com.
Okay. So, um, FU to just how intensely tired I've been and how hard it's been to go back to, um, my, uh, uh, sort of paleo-y regimen.
Because work has metallopurkeys. I love metallopurkeys.
Um, so I'm really, this week I got to buckle down and I'm going to go through, uh, what's called the carb flu.
The first thing that happens after cheating at all is that when you go back to just eating regularly, you just start getting tired and tired and tired.
And I know that's part of what's happening to me. So, just, ugh.
I accidentally whipped the mic.
Yuck.
Yucko.
Uh, Loki.
Um, all I can say is also FU to being tired and then, um, FU to texturing because god dammit it's fucking hard.
Trying to make like texture map that, or texture atlas that works with a bunch of stuff and just trying to lay out how the hell that's going to be done.
And, I mean, I designed my primitive models in a certain way that I didn't want to texture anything.
And then here I am now with texturing stuff. So it's just because I changed everything and it's taking so long.
But I just have to figure out a way to texture stuff. It's just difficult.
I may just put something together temporarily and just keep moving on. I really think that's probably what I should do.
That's it.
Alright, um, my FU of the week goes to the fact, speaking of drag queens and all that, my FU of the week goes to the fact that Bianca Del Rio is here in Sacramento tonight.
And I'm here with you lovely people. Don't get me wrong. I love you guys and doing the show and everything.
But god dammit I'm missing drag queens to be here.
Not just any drag queens. Bianca Del Rio people. Winner of Rudolph's Drag Race Season 6.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on. Because I do love you guys. We've got some more gaming news for you.
And then your turn to call into the show. 1877 Game O.L.R.
Or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. But first, a couple more stories.
In a world where PC games are not the only things to receive day one patches. In fact, more often than not, console games receive day one patches.
And all sorts of bug fixes from launch. And even sometimes it's still broken way after launch.
But you know what they want to bring to consoles instead that is on PC? Early access.
That's right. Games that are not yet done that are in a beta or alpha state that you would purchase.
And you would receive updates as they finish the game to help the development of said titles.
Now yes, I understand that they do this on Steam with indie games. And you know what? I'm kind of cool with that for most cases.
Some people kind of abuse that and now of course there's the stuff in place where gaming may never be finished.
So they're trying to do that both on the Playstation 4 according to Adam Boyz.
And basically saying, you know, we're figuring... That's one massive conversation we're having internally at what point does a game meet standards of release?
We're still at some point... We still at some point ensure that we're being mindful to the consumer.
We don't want somebody to stumble across a title and expect a full product that have a negative effect.
We're figuring out what's okay. We obviously have tech requirements, checklists that people have to adhere to.
So we're internally discussing what does that list look like and where the caveat is stuff like this.
So it's still a project with lots of minds are considering. No details yet, but perhaps something in the future.
And then of course, you know, Microsoft are thinking the same thing.
Of course, I guess the director of the ID at Xbox program, Chris Charla, is basically saying,
you know, it's something developers have been asking for and we are listening really closely to developers.
There's lots of heavy deep thinkers, experts, PhDs working on whatever.
Basically, they know it's a way that they can make some money. So they're going to be possibly thinking about having these available.
I worry because especially when companies like EA said, hey, you know what, we should put out games in early access.
OK, your games are already fucking early access based on some of the problems that people have been having with networking.
And just I don't know, I I'm worried that it's going to be abused because as it is, yes, it's already kind of abused.
And now it's just kind of giving, you know, like EA and out or something like, oh, it's beta or like, hey, you want to get in that beta for destiny?
I mean, guess what? You can pay for the beta access, you know, the early access. It's going to cost you $60 and it gets upgraded later on or something like that.
What's next? Are you going to kickstart that shit? Are you going to fucking have crowdfunding to get, you know, pre-orders in the game?
You pay, you know, $10 and you get this and whatever.
Well, didn't they have that with Ni No Kuni? I remember something like that. They had done a little, I mean, I didn't take it too seriously, but they had something like that.
Yeah.
But then Nintendo had the Wario or game and Wario fart starter, whatever it was.
That was social media sharing. Like that wasn't really it, but it was, it was funny to see that whole like tongue in cheekiness of it.
Butt in cheek.
All right.
Kaijuto in chat over at live.vogniteware.com says, I won't support this. It's already being abused on Steam.
It is a very slippery slope. Like indie developers who need a little extra push on their first game. Yes.
EA, not so much.
I think there's a lot of indie developers out there that are just like, let's see what kind of, what I can scramble together real quick and then put it on there and get some money.
And maybe they legitimately want to make a good game, but I think there's a lot of people out there that are legitimately just doing it very quickly so that they can get some money and they're never going to touch it again.
Well, what an interesting little tie in as we move into our last story tonight about EA and Maxis and The Sims 4, which I'm sure you can just imagine the money that is set to be made by EA with this game.
The Sims 4 in a new trailer, it was a 20 minute gameplay walkthrough that they had posted.
There was an image, one little frame got caught that said in the screen cap, quote, The Sims 4 Premium, save on new packs with early access and exclusive items.
Become a premium member to get early access to three new packs with exclusive items. Your Sims can throw a spooky costume party, camp in the great outdoors, and toast to the new year in style.
I'm surprised they didn't know about this. They have a premium edition of Sims. I mean, what do you think that is?
All the sale information is on site anyway.
And it's not new for EA either because Battlefield had premium memberships and so on. Is anyone really surprised by this information? Anyone?
I'll be more surprised if the game works day one. Sorry about it, but that's where I'm at with, you know, after the whole SimCity debacle and that whole mess.
Well, at least this one is offline.
So that's good.
But I do like how the premium edition is not a season pass. You don't get free content. I mean, you get some content, but it's discounts.
Because as someone pointed out, you know, regarding The Sims 3, hey, if you pay $19.99 for the base Sims 3, it's going to cost you almost the same price as an Xbox One to get all the content in the game.
Dar Sakura, any interest for Sims 4 over there? Because I know you used to play The Sims like pretty hardcore, at least more than anyone else I knew.
Yeah. I mean, I've been thinking about buying the premium, honestly. Just because I...
So this news doesn't phase you. You're like, alright, par for the course.
But even like with the stuff that they took out, like there's no swimming pools or babies anymore. I mean...
I'm thinking about it. Either that or I'm just going to go just reinstall all The Sims 2 stuff and put a high res mod on it.
Well, funny that you should mention Sims 2, because there is an expansion, a new little upgrade that they just did to Sims 2 to basically say goodbye.
Origin registered owners of Sims 2 will get a free copy of the most up-to-date version, The Ultimate Collection, before the support ends on July 22nd.
It includes all the expansions. I guess players are able to transfer their save files from whatever it is they have into this game.
So anyone who purchased or registered a digital copy of The Sims 2 on Origin will automatically receive The Ultimate Collection. So that's kind of neat.
So then I could actually just go buy it on Origin and get every damn thing.
They don't sell it on Origin.
Or I could just buy... find one of my old copies.
You have to find your old copy and you have to actually call it in to register, because there's no way to register it through Origin.
There's no keys or anything?
No.
I'll just get it for free later. I mean, I'll just get it eventually.
So now...
I know, I know. I don't really care.
Just wait for another Humble Bundle that EA puts out.
I don't want to have to run it through fucking Origin anyway, so whatever.
Origin isn't as awful as it was a couple years ago.
I still don't want to run it through Origin anyway, because I run like a...
Sims 3, thankfully, didn't have to go through Origin for a lot of its stuff.
And I could run my mods, except Sims 3 kind of ran like crap.
See, that's what's holding me back, actually, about Sims 4.
The fact that Sims 3 ran so unbelievably horribly, that...
Sims 4 is probably not... and Sims 4 is going to require Origin, I'm sure.
So...
Which is interesting, because it's offline, but not really.
So...
Alright.
We've got to connect online to purchase all those fucking packs now, don't you?
Alright, we are going to open up the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, the Skype...
L1 word.
The Skype line is now open for your calls.
You can talk to us on any topic that we've covered tonight, or maybe something that we missed.
Anything from last week, even, would be fine as well.
Which I totally realize that I neglected to in the opening, because we went so long,
I never did a last week's music set to Holic...
Or, excuse me, last week's news set to Holic, so I apologize for the oversight.
But, yeah, we're running too long, so sorry about that.
Sorry to the fans that were waiting for that segment.
But, you know, we have to talk more about GamerX and other stuff anyway.
We do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
The one and only Rama. You know what to do with the fastest internet in the chat room.
Hey, Rama, you're coming through really quiet for some reason.
Is your mic in its usual place?
Hold on one second...
There you go. You're already better.
I had to turn up the mixer for a little bit.
You're much better. What's on your mind, buddy?
I just want to kind of break down the whole Tokusai thing real quick,
so everyone have a brief explanation of what it is.
Please.
Sure. I mean, Tokusai is a genre. It's live-action special effects.
Under that is the Super Sentai series, Ultraman, Godzilla, all that type of stuff.
Gotcha?
Yeah. And, you know, from that article, I think those guys at Crozna,
they could get away with it, provided that they say this is the series
and it has no direct correlation to what Saban is doing.
I mean, it'll be similar, but there's no direct correlation,
as in the American changes and stuff like that,
because they have gotten away with stuff like this in the comic books and, you know.
Do you think that Saban, should they go down this path of taking legal action against the game?
You know, that's a big if, but should they?
Do you think they might try to attack, though, saying that the average user,
let's be real, the average computer game player probably doesn't follow this stuff as closely as you do,
but the average user would think it's Power Rangers?
Pretty much, because to be perfectly honest,
if you were to get about ten Power Ranger fans in a room,
maybe one or two of them would know what the original Japanese series is.
Good point.
You know, there's like a Power Morphicon or something's happening here in, what, August?
Because Shane kept telling me he wanted to go,
but that's something that's happening in SoCal in August,
and I wonder if this is going to be a part of the conversation there a little bit,
show up in a panel or something.
Possibly because Power Morphicon, it's a celebration of the original Japanese Super Sentai series
and other series like Masked Rider, Ultraman, and the American series just Power Rangers,
Masked Rider, Kamen Rider, Beetleborgs, all that cool stuff.
Yeah, like the actors from different series and stuff.
You know, I don't really watch the Power Rangers especially as much as Shane does,
but he forced me pretty much at gunpoint to watch one of the episodes from Japan
with the Train Rangers or whatever they are, and that was actually pretty cute.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, if you watch the American series,
you'll eventually will find your way to the original Japanese.
Just watch Mega Ranger, that's all you need.
Yeah, Jamie makes a valid point, because not for nothing,
and I'll swear on a stack of Holy Bibles before you go up in flames,
99% of the Sailor Moon fandom started out on the dubbed series,
before they found the original Japanese.
Or there was a magazine called An America that had a full spread about Sailor Moon
while they were still in negotiations, and some of us found our way to fan subs. Just saying.
Yeah, but when Rama talks about the 99%, you are probably in the 1%, just saying.
You are the 1% Dark Sakura of anime fandom.
Whatever.
I just wanted a chance to say that to Dark Sakura and call her the 1%.
Alright, anyway, Rama, anything else you want to share with us tonight?
Can I just quickly plug the GoFundMe with the banner that's rotating on the vlog network real quick?
Yes, of course you may.
Okay, in case you haven't heard, one of our staff members, Avalon Cosplay,
when she was coming back from a convention, she found out her house burnt down.
Fortunately, insurance is covering everything, but as of right now, they're just trying to make ends meet
with a new place to stay, food, work, all that stuff, until the house is built.
If you go to animejamsession.com, there is a banner, there's a button on the site
with information and where you can go to donate, and there is also a rotating banner on vlognetwork.com.
Excellent, and yes, if you are listening live right now, you can see that banner right at the top of the screen,
live.vognetwork.com, a great thing you guys are doing.
Those are the types of ads I like, ads to help people out during times of crisis, so best of luck to that.
Before I let you go, on a lighter note, Rama, while I have you on the line, I have to ask you this,
and I know I could go listen to Anime Jam Session for even more in-depth discussion,
Rama, I just need to, in like one sentence here, I'm just going to put this word out there,
and I just want to hear your thoughts, I'm going to put that word on the table and walk away.
Dashcon.
I need a moment.
Okay.
Did you just take a hit? Was that what that was?
No, well, that too.
Or were you inflating a ball pit?
Do I have to bring another ball pit to the chat room?
Perhaps.
Now, I feel like it's mandatory that every convention from here on out has a ball pit.
The con I'm staffing, we already said it, ball pit confirmed for DerpyCon.
There you go, there you go. Alright, but seriously though, Dashcon.
There isn't a word that can describe this because it went mainstream.
This was in papers, it went beyond mainstream.
It got very real. It got real. Balls got real, yo.
Denny's.
Yeah, with Denny's is fucking making a reference to like, what did they say on their Twitter?
Oh, well, yeah.
Sorry your food took so long, you can have an extra hour in the ball pit.
One of my favorite-
I swear to God, Denny's is so fucking funny on social media.
One of my favorite actors, Ostrick Chow, he even took a picture of himself in a ball pit and said that he got an extra hour.
Amazing. Amazing.
Alright, Fifth Dream says, Sky, Sky, Sky, let's have a ball pit at Final Fantasy XIV Fan Festival.
Okay, look, gay orgy is not the ball pit you're thinking of that we're talking about here.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Alright.
Okay, this was on Denny's Twitter.
Welcome to DenCon. On your birthday, you get an extra hour in the pit.
Once again, horrific food, but hilarious sentiment.
I almost want to eat at Denny's just to support their social media team.
Alright, Rahm, I gotta let you go to try and get another call, but take care.
No problem, you take care, bro.
Alright, bye.
Sorry to let Rahm go early, but he will get an extra hour in the ball pit for his troubles.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
Give us a call.
Did they also have a bouncy house?
Yes, there was a bouncy house.
There's like a deflated bouncy house in there for adults.
It's pretty amazing.
Well, what would have been the average age at DashCon?
I think 17, probably.
I don't know.
I don't know why I'm looking at you, Loki.
Like, you'd know the answer of all things DashCon.
Well, I just saw the picture of the ball pit, that's about it.
I saw, being that I am a Tumblr user, I mean, I see a lot of dumb shit on Tumblr.
But I see a lot of really funny GIFs sometimes, and I see a lot of really hot things, too.
But I also see lots of reports on DashCon and that sort of thing, and it's just been...
It made me appreciate GamerX, too, that much more.
Because GamerX, especially for the first year they ran, they were a very well-run con for the first year.
And a very well-run con in their second year.
And so it just kind of goes to show you that, wow, it could have been a lot worse.
Wow.
All right.
I'm going to go to Twitter real quick, because I did see some tweets come in.
Dartatouille had sent us a tweet saying, just two quick things.
One, will there be more Mortal Kombat 8 tournaments a la Cross Zones in the future?
Yes, that is something we have wanted to do.
I would think that the time that Nintendo inevitably puts out DLC, we'll want to get on that pretty fast.
But I can't see why there wouldn't be a tournament before then.
I'm sure in the next month or two we'll do another tournament.
Just, we were all busy with the whole going to the con and preparing for our panel and all that stuff,
which hopefully you guys will get to see the panel, too.
Tigerclaw tweets us saying that Akiva Goldsman is producing the Space Invaders movie.
I forgot that that was a thing.
They are making a Space Invaders movie.
Why?
Because they made a Battleship movie.
Why not?
Yeah, that was so...
One last call for calls.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Akdeft tweets us saying, here's a really great video game music bundle and you can pay what you want
and for a good cause, too.
And it's groupies.com, G-R-O-U-P-E-E-S dot com slash GMG.
And I'm trying to look at this link real quick here, but I'm trying to do it on my phone
to see of what it is you get.
Oh, you get the Rogue Legacy soundtrack and Kernel 2
and the Banner Saga by Austin Wintory, Hotline Miami.
Oh, that's a really good soundtrack.
That's very cool. I like that.
So for a minimum of a dollar, you get all those soundtracks
and once they reach $2500 in sales, they're going to do another...
VidBoy and Lifeform do a collaboration for the bundle.
That's kind of neat, actually.
I like that idea that they get all the...
It's like a Kickstarter, but with actual product you're just getting right out the gate.
Groupies is kind of neat because sometimes they'll do different things.
There's one I did that had...
There was games in there and soundtracks and all sorts of random stuff.
It's usually a mix of things.
That's really neat. I like that.
Thank you for the FYI on that.
Tigerclaw says there's a Ouija board movie coming out, but they already did one.
It was called The Exorcist.
Wasn't there a Witch Board?
Yeah, there was a Witch Board.
I saw the trailer for the Ouija board movie and it looks very generic.
Yeah, I guess just to cash in on all the board game movie craze and scary movies and all that.
Alright, well, our phone isn't lighting up.
I guess that means no one else wants to call in, but that's okay because we're 20 past 9 o'clock.
I knew the show would run a little long tonight since we had to catch up for a week.
If you have more things you want to say after the fact, Twitter.
You can also send us an email at any time.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to do that.
Thank you guys for showing up tonight.
Thank you guys for listening to us on the podcast feed.
Thanks for your support of the show.
We always say here at Orange Lawns Radio, if you like what you heard here at the show,
tell one or two friends about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lawns Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We really appreciate it.
We don't ask for your money and we don't have a ball pit, I'm sorry to say.
But when we do get money someday from selling shirts or something, we'll have a ball pit for you.
I never checked in with Loki for last minute stories, so I'll do that real quick.
There's not a ton.
There was this really cool mod that they have for Grand Theft Auto 3 called Liberty City Nights.
It's actually on ModDB and it adds some enhanced graphics to Grand Theft Auto 3
as well as improved car models and lighting to make it all very glowy and looks like midnight club almost.
So you can check that out on moddb.com slash mod slash GTA LCN.
Alright.
And then I also wanted to say, I actually posted about this.
I'm kind of looking forward to see what kind of games we get out of it, but apparently this month,
there is a game jam going on called Katamari Jam, which looks pretty awesome.
Yeah, I heard about that. That sounds awesome.
So I want to check that out.
Very cool.
Alright, well thanks again everybody for listening.
It's time to wrap up the show.
Before we do that, we're going to get around, go around and get everybody's final thought.
Um, Darcy, I'll start with you tonight. Your final thought.
I want poutine.
That sounds good.
I think I'm just going to go to the KFC A&W place and get fries and curds and then order a side of gravy.
There you go.
I'm going to have poutine tonight.
Make your own little like hack, A&W hack poutine.
My final thought tonight is now that you've talked about poutine, I want to take a trip to Canada.
I seriously do.
It's not like just now I want to go to Canada, but I've wanted to go back for some time.
I miss it.
I have friends in Toronto now, thanks to the podcast sister.
I have friends there, but I also really love Vancouver.
I got to go back there too.
Shout out to all our Canadian listeners.
I miss you.
Low key, your final thought.
They already have one game for Katamari Jam.
It's called Dama Cube and it looks pretty cool.
It's a puzzle game.
We roll stuff up as a cube.
I don't know.
It'd be fun to make like a Katamari game.
Our buddy Jason's in chat right now, which by the way, nobody asked why he wasn't in the intro tonight, but Jason was traveling tonight.
So he wasn't able to get the intro done for us.
So Jason's just fine.
He's in our chat room right now and says, I was in Canada for a week and I didn't have poutine.
Well, Jason, now you got to go back.
Now you got to go back.
All right.
That's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in tonight and listening to the program.
We really appreciate it and hope you guys have a great week.
Be good to each other.
Don't be jerks to each other.
Nobody likes a jerk.
That's very important.
And do I have anything else to say?
I don't think so.
I think we're done.
We'll see you next week, guys.
Have a good one.
Goodbye.
They were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
