This week gamers may hate everything, but that list includes gender inequality.
Feedback convinced the IESF to open a gender neutral division for their esports competitions.
Also, ClickDB returned, hooray!
Gears of War 4 did not confirm.
We'll explain on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live on this Sunday July 6th of 2014 with the 559th episode of
our show.
We are here over the next few hours to talk about video games with you guys in our chat
room live.voggenetwork.com where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific
at 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
In studio, my name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie
Summers.
Uh-uh.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, you're here.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
How you doing, Jamie Summers?
You kind of tired.
You're tired.
You were very peppy during the Bobby Black Wolf call a little earlier though.
Yeah, the caffeine's already starting to wear off.
I see, you had your cup of coffee.
I had orange chicken tonight and it makes me dead inside.
Are you excited to go to convention with Rob and Alan this weekend, GamerX?
I'm too busy to be excited because of cosplay props and the fact that I had a moment of
stupid and forgot that, um, spray paint dissolves styrofoam, so I'm having to make a new skaia
for my giant fork.
Oh no.
Are you going to tell us a little bit about your cosplay or is this a surprise?
It's not a surprise.
I'm cosplaying as, uh, the crocoteer Jane from, uh, uh, Homestuck.
Which is why I had to, when you said the character, my eyes glazed over.
I totally cleared it up.
Oh, hi, Techmaster Loki.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Hey, I'll come back to you in a minute.
Now, Dark Sucker, who is this character for those that don't know?
Jane Crocker is the heir to the Betty Crocker, uh, uh, corporate monopoly of the universe.
Like the people that make cakes?
Yes, except it's really a troll who is the Batter Witch.
Okay.
The Batter Witch.
Okay.
So anyway, there's your fandoms are so strange, but all right, you know what?
I watch Big Brother.
It's totally trash.
So she has this, her, she doesn't have a laptop.
She has a tiara top and she gets taken over after she's already got here, which makes
her kind of evil.
I don't know why, but Homestuck sounds like that.
It sounds like that game that you play where like you have a folded piece of paper and
somebody writes one line of a story and then you fold it and somebody writes the next line
of a story and you fold it and somebody writes the next line.
And then you have like this total like mishmash hodgepodge, like random crap story that comes
out of it.
And somebody, if you'll follow the story, it makes sense.
I understand.
It's especially when you go back and go, Oh, that's what that weirdness was from.
I'm not a hater.
I'm just, just saying it's, well, this is the time to get into it because we're at the
gigapause.
Okay.
Do I, should I even ask?
Because the Homestuck game is under production right now.
So put the final, uh, arc of the story on pause until the game is done because people
paid $2 million for it through Kickstarter.
Oh, so that's a little bit of an obligation to make the game.
I see.
So yeah, we're getting Homestuck game.
All right.
And no expanded universe for you.
Oh, there's also, um, there's actually a new comic series.
That's like little mini comics that expand on different things going on in the Homestuck
universe called paradox space.
All right.
You know what?
We all have our fandoms.
We all do.
All right.
I am looking forward to seeing your cosplay.
I'm sad the animal crossing villager thing never panned out.
I was, I could still hit you with a bug net.
Oh yay.
All right.
Really?
All I have to do is wear clothes and carry a bug net.
Maybe, maybe we can hit up a fabric store really quick and try to try to figure out
how to make that caught like one of those really funny hats they wear in the game.
Okay.
We'll figure something out.
All right.
Anyway, uh, tech master Loki's here as well.
Of course.
Cause you heard him earlier.
How you doing Loki?
Doing fine.
Which fandoms do you have that other people probably wouldn't get?
Um, I don't think I have any.
No.
Yes you do.
Yes you do.
Before the show, before the show, you were talking about that you're going to take a
day off of work in August to go see, that's not weird.
I think I would do it.
There's a lot of people that are looking at that new movie going, eh, I don't know.
I guess, I guess it is looking a little better the more that comes out about it.
It doesn't look as horrible as some of the ideas first thought, but I don't know.
So you're like super into Ninja Turtles though.
I'm not super into it.
I mean, I haven't watched any of the stuff that Nickelodeon's really done.
Um, I'll just go see the movie.
I liked the last movie.
I was just kind of sad they didn't really continue on with that.
Everyone hated it.
I don't understand why I thought it was, it had the perfect vibe to it.
I thought to use me in Ninja Turtles always made pretty good video games.
I used to love the cartoon when I was a kid, um, it could be worse than some of these other
movies.
Like I just watched, um, was it World War Z?
Yes, the zombie movie where they kill the, or they cure the apocalypse with meningitis.
I heard they totally changed the movie version from the book though or something.
It was so stupid, but whatever.
Um, so I don't know.
I don't really care that it's Michael Bay doing the movie and stuff as long as it doesn't
seem too cheesy to me.
You know, like the Transformers movies were just kind of retarded.
I don't know.
Mm hmm.
So I, and painting game was good.
I mean he did that.
So bad boys was supposed to be pretty good.
So was he Independence Day?
Oh no, that was the, that was the Emmert guys who did Stargate and stuff.
Yeah.
No, they have, was it that Pompeii or some bullshit, I don't even know if that's come
out.
No one, no one cared about that.
Yeah.
It's like, no, I think after, what was it, what's the last movie that they had the last
disaster movie with, uh, what the hell was that?
Uh, the Mayan apocalypse apocalypse or I don't even know what the fuck it was called.
Was that the one where like they're trying to take out, yeah, 2012 and they're trying
to take off from the airport.
They outrun an earthquake like three times in an airplane is like, okay, this is such
filler right now.
It's ridiculous.
But okay, whatever.
Um, I just, but see that movie though, those kinds of movies are just, you know what to
expect in the end.
You know what?
I am totally psyched for independence day too.
Who gives a shit?
Is that actually happening?
That's actually happening.
Who gives a crap?
Who cares?
I don't care.
All right.
I will see that.
I'm, I'm really sad though because Harvey Firstine, his character died in the first
one, or at least it's implied.
Maybe he somehow survived, you know, because that was, that was the character to root for
the full bonkers.
I mean, it's in the future now, maybe they've rebuilt him to cybernetic, you know, Harvey
Finds.
Maybe it involves his mother.
Cause you know, in the first movie, I got to call my mother.
Yes.
And he can be dressing in drag as his mother.
And better.
Yes.
Was there a video game for independence day?
Oh yeah.
It was terrible.
It was PlayStation one.
There's always like interesting movie game tie-ins.
We'll talk about that in a minute here, but I got to go to our chat room over at live.voggenetwork.com
because of course we do tape live at Sunday nights at the voice of the East network, voggenetwork.com.
Blender's a fan of world war Z, the book saying the book is awesome.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw would like you to know Loki, Michael Bay is not directing it, but act after saying
Michael Bay is involved and that's enough.
It doesn't.
I see even that I don't really care.
I mean, it's just like eventually it's statistically possible that M Night Shyamalan will make
a good movie again.
I mean, so that will happen someday, but it's just like Michael Bay, you know, I don't hate
everything that he does.
I just hate the transformers movies, like the last few of them, cause they've been really
just kind of stretching that franchise then it's just not really about the transformers
anymore.
It's just kind of this thing that they spun it into.
That's what I don't like about Michael Bay, but his movies are fine.
I know going into it, I expect a very low intelligent, lots of explosions action movie
and that's what I get.
So I'm not let down by Michael Bay.
It's just when they start making testicle jokes in transformers 2 that's a little kind
of like, okay, this is a little weird.
Let's see.
I did not realize, well, Jack Bauer is soon going to be, soon going to be solid snake.
So you know, that guy's everywhere.
Even soon.
He already is.
Yeah, it's true.
He is.
So, uh, let's see.
A dark to Tia says, I don't think the Bay TMNT will top the 1990 original, but I don't
think it'd be any worse than TMNT three.
Hey, I am a little TMT three kind of had like camp value because I had a little bit of that.
It's so bad.
It's kind of good going on.
A little disappointed.
Casey Jones isn't going to be in the movie.
Oh really?
Um, but I guess they have to save stuff for sequel and I know they were talking already
for the sequel, like Bebop and Roxy.
So I'm, I'm down with that.
There you go.
Um, so we're talking a little bit about, uh, you know, games based on movies of, or that
we bring up this topic once in a while, but I think it's good as we get a lot, we get
into the big summer movie season to kind of revisit this once in a while.
Like what are the big movies that are out there that you're really surprised don't have
like a video game behind it?
Because for me, like whenever I think about that question, especially now, like these
past couple of years, I'm always surprised there's not really a video game for the hunger
games.
And yeah, I know there are some, there's the iPhone games.
I do know there's that, but I don't, I mean like those really just seem like totally different
ideas.
I mean, essentially who's the target audience.
That's the thing.
I know, I know.
But the one hunger games game that I can think of was basically a two D temple run that just
had a hunger game stuff slapped all over it.
You know what I mean?
Like I would like to see like a legit, like multiplayer you're in the arena type of thing.
Closest thing you're gonna get to that is the Minecraft mods where you can play hunger
games in that.
Yeah.
And that's actually pretty cool.
You know why they won't do one, right?
Because it's because kids, why wouldn't there be a battle royale video game?
Yeah, that's true.
I realized that kind of subject matters a little iffy, but I mean, catching fire, I
hope this isn't spoiler.
I don't think it is.
The catching fire does involve adults, not kids still, you know, fairly young, still
teenagers.
Hmm.
They could, they could find a way to work into the video game to make it less controversial.
I don't know.
I mean, it worked in the movie without being like, you know, those movies aren't like offensive
or whatever.
Remember people categorize movies and video games differently in this country.
And those people are dumb, which is, you know, which is always a little weird to me, always
a little weird to me, um, dungeon buster in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
says X-Men days of future past should have gotten an X-Men legends or Marvel Alliance
kind of game.
Yeah.
There hasn't there, has there been a new X-Men game to support this, these, this new movie?
I don't think there has been.
Activision used to do the licensed movies for the Marvel properties and stuff.
Yeah.
Now they aren't, um, cause they used to do all the sorts of movie tie-ins and even their
own things.
And they tried rebooting like the X-Men with, uh, I remember the last X-Men game was, but
it wasn't very good.
Um, and I think they've just kind of given up on that, although they will, they occasionally
will do the quick cash-in on movie franchises, like the walking dead, which was terrible
or, um, the fast and the furious, which was also terrible.
That walking dead one in particular was always so weird to me because you had two walking
dead games.
And I think I get it because Telltale licensed the, the original comics, right.
And then Activision licensed the show and that's why you had the two walking dead games.
One of them, fantastic.
The other one, absolutely awful.
Yeah.
It's in the fast and the furious game was just ridiculous.
It was just stupid.
Um, and, and Activision will do that.
They will, you know, make a quick buck on some of these, you know, licenses and stuff,
but they just haven't done that recently.
I think the closest that you've gotten to new superhero games recently is probably the
Lego Marvel superhero stuff.
That's really, I mean, those are actually not bad.
It's just all the Lego games start to kind of blend together eventually cause it's all
kind of the same form.
It's a formula that works.
Yeah.
They have the same sense of humor.
I mean, it's just, I don't know.
Um, let's see some comments in our chat room.
Tiger class as most movie tie in games were mobile games.
That's that is true.
That's true.
The X-Men had a mobile game.
I want a Pacific rim fighting game.
There they had won a Pacific rim game, but it's X-Box live arcade and PlayStation network.
It's shit.
Oh, sorry.
That's too bad.
Yeah.
It's like street fighter two, the movie, the game.
I think it, at least I think it was those platforms and not just, um, I could be confusing
it with real steel.
Um, but it was both of those games are actually very similar and it was just not very good
at all.
Um, going into current events, uh, something we were talking about briefly last week, act
deaf in our chat room says Activision is why I'm weary of platinum's legend of Corey game.
Hmm.
Uh, let's see.
It's some, there was some talk in chat about, uh, let's see, Blender says, Pulp Fiction,
the game, bring out the gimp bonus around, uh, blueberry responded and said, isn't basically
saints row Pulp Fiction, the game.
It used to be, um, now it's just fucking nuts.
That's the thing.
I mean, seriously, no, it's saints row five.
It's fucking nuts.
It's no seriously there.
You go and play.
I mean, do yourself a favor and go play.
I think one of the best in the series was saints row to at least best when it was kind
of still hinges around the fact that it's a gang, then they're, you know, fighting to
get their territory back and that kind of stuff, um, with, you know, the wacky kind
of mini games and stuff and just the humor and see the part of, I think the saints row
series that they've lost in three and four was the brutality of like, cause it's a true
to you fucked up.
Like those gang leaders, like when they got revenge, they got revenge in the most fucked
up ways.
And then there was one where this guy ends up killing one of your crew members.
So we do you kidnap his girlfriend cause he's a monster truck, you know, um, monster truck
driver and you, you, uh, stuffer in the trunk of one of the cars that he's going to crush
and he kills her.
He forces the gang member to kill his girlfriend for people.
See that was just like brutal.
But in, you know, three, it's just like, it's just got ridiculous.
And in four was just, it's not even, I don't even see that as part of the series.
Any more ridiculousness is what appealed to me though.
Because like that's, that's all I ever played the grand theft auto games for.
Yeah.
But like two was it, two had a good balance of ridiculous and like still kind of grounded.
I mean it wasn't, it was, I mean you had the septic Avenger where you'd spray poop on people,
you know, with, uh, with a septic truck.
And that was awesome.
That was absolutely awesome.
And they had, you know, the ability where for no apparent reason whatsoever, you're
going to have the ability to, you know, uproot things off the, you know, the street and
use them as weapons.
So, Oh hey, look at that, you know, fire hydrant, I'm just gonna rip it out of the ground and
hit people with it.
That was, that was awesome.
It just made no sense, but it was awesome.
But being a, you know, uh, the president of the United States and being trapped in a virtual
matrix world and stuff and being a superhero, it's just so ridiculous that it's just kind
of, I don't know, it's like, it's like they wanted to make a different type of game, but
they had to make a saints row game.
It's like, Oh, well we have to make a saints row, you know, sequel, but I really want to
make crackdown.
It's, that's what it seemed like to me.
All right.
Let me read a few more comments here in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com and then
we'll get into our gaming weeks and tonight's gaming news.
Um, let's see, uh, Blender says, surprise, nobody mentioned Firefly.
Now it usually does come up in these types of conversations about what, you know, movies,
which I guess technically the movie was serenity, but y'all know what we're talking about.
Uh, what usually that's that whole universe comes up as something that could be ported
to games.
And it does seem very surprising, you know, because it's very clear at this point, not
even Netflix and Hulu and Yahoo, not even Yahoo screen or whatever saved community.
Not even that is going to say Firefly at this point.
I mean, all of those actors have moved on to other projects.
It's getting older and older.
Right.
But I'm really surprised that like the story couldn't continue in a tell tale esque kind
of episodic game, you know, classic point and click adventure type of thing.
There were comics.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
There were a lot of the weed and stuff has been continued in comics, hasn't it?
Yes.
Sadly for Buffy.
Yeah.
You know what would make a really awesome movie, I think is Borderlands.
Borderlands has a really good kind of, uh, you know, environment and characters and just
that humor to it.
I think that'd be really good.
I got to see a little bit of the tales from the Borderlands at E3.
We, we were lucky enough to go to a telltale presentation for that where they played through
the first 20 minutes of the game.
And I must admit my knowledge of the borderland bland universe is not very deep.
I have familiarity with both games, but I just never got like sucked into them the way
a lot of other people have, but I was still able to follow the game that they were playing
well enough.
And it was amusing.
It had its parts.
And I, I was very, um, kind of taken aback how the art style worked so well and the way
the game looks in this completely different type of game.
So there's that, you know, the tales from the borderlands is shaping up to be pretty
interesting.
Um, anyway, uh, also go to our chat room over at live.vog network.com.
Um, Kaijudo said most video game movies are bad, so I'm glad they seem to be making less
of them.
And blueberry jumped in saying, I agree with Kaijudo, I don't miss the console movie games.
They had zero ambition, negative ambition level.
See they didn't use to like, I remember back in the day, like what the Batman game on the
NES was awesome.
Oh yeah.
Uh, the star Wars, super star Wars on super Nintendo was like some of the best platformers.
Both had a claim to these.
Yeah.
I knew their shit.
Yeah.
They did.
When it came to those games.
I mean, those games are on point actually.
Now that I think of it, claiming a ton of fucking awesome use all the Simpsons games.
I mean, those are just fantastic.
Yeah.
Some of those Simpsons games really weren't bad.
Like they seriously knew how to take a franchise or your license and make a decent game out
of it.
But they had a few stinkers too.
I mean, they, they didn't, they didn't bat a hundred.
He did do a, the Barbie games, which, all right, um, all right, let's get into, uh,
our gaming weeks.
Cause we always like to, uh, towards the top of the show, establish our frame of reference
and where our heads are at this week by talking about what we have been playing this week
in video games.
Dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
Well, um, I, I've actually hardly touched my DS except to do puzzles, you know, for
shoot pass.
Um, I played some final fantasy 14 yesterday, finally finished the rescue quest.
Now I don't get another quest until 49, which sucks cause I'm almost a 47, um, there, uh,
drew was at my, uh, uh, July 4th party.
I was like trying to say Friday something, but it was Friday, but it was also July 4th,
um, and brought over the Jojo's Bizarre Adventure game for PS3, which was pretty cool and about
as over the top as I expected.
Um, and you guys are kicking some classics on the 4th of July too.
We had some super Mario world going on and Julian was introduced to children's in time
and got frustrated in through the controller, which meant no more super Nintendo for him.
Right.
At least, at least they used to build the controllers to take a beating back then who,
which one of us didn't throw a super Nintendo controller back in the day?
He said it slipped.
Of course.
Of course.
I said slipped with a lot of force.
No.
So anyway, um, but yeah, he got introduced to turtles in time, which is like one of the
best games ever.
And I, uh, excuse me, I got, then you took a nap.
No, I'm sorry.
I got that adventure time game, the, because I don't know, oh, the, why are we in the dungeon?
How is that?
Let's do the dungeon because I don't know.
Um, I actually need to have my controller hooked up to play it.
Let's explore the dungeon because I don't know.
Oh, okay.
Whatever.
Anyway, I've heard very mixed things on it and mostly negative, I gotta say.
It looks cute, but I haven't really gotten to play much of it.
Um, I, I have, I just found the controller to hook up to it.
I'm gonna try to play a little bit, but I have cosplays to work on, so no.
Fair enough.
I have blue balls on my desk.
Okay.
Hemispheres.
I have blue half balls.
You're going to have some vog balls next week at, or this coming weekend at GamerX to give
out.
I will, I will, uh, keep them close to my heart and then throw them out.
Sounds good.
All right.
If that's it for your gaming week, let's check on Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole ton.
I did play, um, Mario Kart Wii because I did borrow that from you and, um, I tried to get
my son to play it.
Of course, he wanted to watch.
I did.
Actually, he played it a little bit.
And to be clear, you're not talking Mario Kart 8, the newest one you're talking about
last year.
Mario Kart Wii, yeah.
And, um, I tried using that Wii wheel, you know, like, I, at least I had him using it
and stuff.
That thing is fucking terrible.
I don't know why they'd ever try to do that control scheme.
It was just, it's god awful.
It's a little hokey, but they try, I guess, you know, kids really get into it.
Like, they really get into it.
I understand that, but, like, it's super hard to play it that way.
Did you know that Mario Kart 8 will let you use, like, the Wii controller in the same
way?
Like, you can still use the wheel in Mario Kart 8, and you can use the gamepad screen
as, like, a giant controller, basically.
Yeah, no thanks.
I don't need gyro controls for, you know, that type of game.
Again, I think it's kids versus adults.
Like, you and me, we want that precision that comes with the more, like, you know, tactile
response and feedback.
But I think for a kid, you know, who just spins the wheel everywhere and just watches
their car drive in circles, it's fine.
I'm actually interested in trying to, now that I've, you know, have that, since my system's
still modded, I'm trying to actually, to load in the custom tracks that people have made.
I've actually watched some videos of it, although a lot of those custom tracks aren't very good
that people have made, but it's still interesting that you can do that.
And there's even tracks in there that I forgot were in there, and so it was, I don't know,
it was kind of fun.
I don't know, I still like, I do like how they had the Mii integration stuff in there,
where your Miis are in the background, so I kept pointing out to them, like, well look,
see, you know, there's mommy in the background right there, you know, she's driving that
car and, you know, there I am right there.
So that was kind of fun.
And then really, that was, that's all I played this week, because I was, you know, working
on game stuff.
Once again, now I'm trying to still skim by with, you know, just learning a few things,
but it's like forcing me not to.
So I started learning how to write shaders, which, you know, that's basically the language
that you use for telling how to draw stuff on the screen, so you can have, like, reflections
and all that fun stuff.
And when I hear, like, shaders, it makes me think about, like, drawing the shade and those
sorts of, like, yeah.
It's working with, like, you know, lighting and stuff like that, so I'm making a really
custom shader for what I need it to do.
So I've been trying to figure that out, and originally I was gonna, you know, cut corners
and do it as a surface shader, because that's, the language is very, it's high level, so
it's really easy.
You just put, like, you know, lighting on, diffuse, yes, you know, and that, you know,
just really simple stuff.
But I can't, I have to do it as a vertex and fragment shader.
So I have to learn everything to actually do it instead of just skimming, you know.
So once again, I went through the whole surface thing, and I kind of learned how to do that,
and then I went back, because I had actually started doing the vertex fragment stuff first,
and I was like, I don't get this.
And then I went back to it, and I kind of understand it a little bit more now.
And now I'm actually trying to write it as I'm kind of watching the tutorial series,
and it's helping.
So I kind of understand why things are being done in certain ways and stuff.
So I'm hopefully gonna get that done, and then, once again, the goal is to create assets
so I can keep moving on with the game.
But at the same time, I'm kind of learning how to do interesting things, and once again,
I came up with some really high concept, you know, idea of something I could implement
in there.
I'm like, I don't really need to do this, but that would be so cool if I could.
And so, we'll see, I don't know.
Well good for you for still sticking with it.
Yeah.
Have more time, so.
I imagine at some point we should probably address something you've been tweeting about
this week as well.
You found out this week that a lot of your news and information you've talked about on
this show has come through.
You know, your work, you work in gaming distribution and so forth, but this week.
This week, we found out, see, here's the thing, it's funny, because we were told one thing,
they put out a press release saying another thing, and you know, I think they were trying
to spin it so that it wouldn't seem so bad on the one company, but basically what happened
is the owner of the company, he wants to get out.
He's been doing it for 30 plus years, and he's not young, you know, and he wants to
sell the company and just kind of move on, and the company's not as profitable as it
used to be, and it's kind of just like treading water, so he's gonna get out.
So he sold it to the next biggest competitor, which is Ingram Entertainment.
So they're gonna buy it, but they're doing it as an assets person, which means that they're
buying the assets of the company.
They're buying the customer lists, and they're buying the inventory and whatever else, you
know, that kind of stuff.
So not the employees, but they're having everybody stay on until the end of September to help
transition all the customers over to the, you know, the new company and just to kind
of smooth that stuff around.
So you can quit now if you want, but you don't get a severance, and if you stay on, you get
a severance, and the way they spent the press releases, they're like, yeah, you know, there
may be some layoffs, but you know, or there may be some layoffs, they said, but it's really
from what we were told, it's everybody, maybe there might be a few people.
It sounds like if you wanted to stay, you'd have to relocate to Tennessee or wherever
these guys are located.
I don't even know.
Yeah.
And they have, like, their main business, Ingram, is beer distribution.
That's where they make a lot of their money, is alcohol distribution stuff, because they
do a lot more than just entertainment stuff.
They do, you know, alcohol, I think they do music, books, you know, all sorts of stuff.
Alcohol.
Tell me more.
And they also do, like, they sell to different customers than we did.
Like, they do grocery store, which, you know, usually has high returns, and we didn't mess
with it.
So I don't know, it's like, so, you know, I was kind of looking to get out of the company
anyways, because it was kind of just a dead end, it seemed like, and now kind of just
have more motivation to do that, because I have really no choice in three months.
But at the same time, it's a little bit of a relief, you know, and but for everybody
else, so they're, like, really bummed out and crying, but I'm just like, for me, it's
like a whole lot less stress, because I'm like, wow, I actually don't need to worry
about order forms that are in December, because I'm never gonna, I don't have to do that,
you know, I don't have to worry about getting this done, because it's not.
I'm glad you're spinning what can kind of be a crappy thing, like layoffs kind of into
the positive, and yeah, you're a smart guy, you're gonna turn out just fine.
If anybody out there listening might have some leads for Loki, email the show.
Well, it's just gonna be tough, because I haven't interviewed, I mean, I've been there
for 14 and a half years, so I haven't interviewed in 14 and a half years, so, you know.
Now's the time to start researching with that and all that, so practice, practice, practice.
All right, well, good luck to you, Loki.
I'm sure you will be just fine.
Which means, though, in the meantime, though, I will be bringing that cabinet over at some
point, because I can't stay there.
I can't stay there now.
You wouldn't happen to want a framed poster of True Crime New York that's signed by the
entire cast.
I don't know where we could give it away.
Maybe a listener wants it.
We can give it away.
There you go.
All right.
And a lot of kind words there from our chat over at live.vognetware.com.
Dungeon Buster says, good luck, I'm sure you'll land on your feet somewhere.
So you will.
All right.
On to my gaming week, and the types of games I've been playing this week.
I've kind of been all over the map.
For MMOs, I've still been continuing on both Final Fantasy XI and Final Fantasy XIV, which
I talked already about XI a little bit and my resurgence with that last week.
I got my Corsair up to level 37, I think, and I'm doing my rank commissions right now.
So if you've ever played the game, you know that at one point in the game, you have to
travel to all the different cities and kill a dragon boss is the big thing to do.
That's kind of where I'm at.
I forgot about that.
It's so much easier now though, because once you go to a city, once you activate the telepoint
and now you can work to that telepoint, whatever you want for 500 gil.
It works like it doesn't.
So I made the trek to Windhurst on the boat and everything one time, and now I don't ever
have to do it again because I can just work on the telepoint.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
Aw man.
ig
just gonna live in the guild house forever our guild house is pretty sweet i gotta say
if you happened to be on uh midgar summer on virus c14 you should look us up have fun
with us darn what do you do in the guild house can you actually arrange stuff in there and
parties
guild officers and and the like shane is the guild leader he can designate people who can rearrange the furniture and i know i'm
Allen and this guy zach
that plays with us have both been very big on like
arranging the house and putting everything in and you can actually build a lot of the furniture through crafting and some of it takes rare
materials that you can only get from certain bosses they're like rare drops from bosses for example crystal tower which is the big 24 man raid
in the game right now has a chance to drop an item that you turn into these glowing sword
arches that you put out in front of your house so i think that's a really clever little way
to incorporate the housing with the rest of the game is that you know the better you are
at farming certain items that can actually go into your house i'm really looking forward
to some of the pvp they're building it in the new patch because right now the only pvp
they have in the game is called wolves den which is just an arena style pvp it's four
versus four kill or be killed that's it just straight up you know arena play but now what
they're putting in in the patch they're gonna put front lines is what it's called and for
those that have played wow it sounds a lot like arathi basin and it's basically king
of the hill with the several different hills like you try to control the nodes for as long
as you can but here's the thing because there's no factions in 14 you know world of warcraft
has horde versus alliance star wars the old republic has you know the force and you know
the dark side and all that you know it has all the most games they don't do it like they
did in 11 where it's the starting you well there is that but keep in mind that in final
fantasy 14 that doesn't mean like usually in games you can't talk to people on the other
faction you can't party with them you can't work with them but in final fantasy 11 and
final fantasy 14 you can you do pledge allegiance to a nation um but you you aren't like like
bound to them for all your interactions and things you can still do things with other
people but it does sound like in this battlegrounds it is gonna be representing the nation they
haven't really said yet if you can rally for another nation or how you're gonna play with
your friends i guess we'll know more about that on tuesday when the patch hits but it's
going to be 24 versus 24 versus 24 72 player battlegrounds it's gonna be a cluster fuck
i can't wait i'm surprised you haven't tried to put was it ballista in there i don't even
remember what the point of that was ballista was the whole thing where you were trying
when you would kill things you'd get the rooks or something you get the the feathers that you
throw at the roof i don't know it's weird anyway uh okay enough mmos because there's been other
stuff as well um okay so steam had a big sale this weekend i'm not talking about the summer
sale man i know that was a big deal but this weekend i'm supposing in the honor of fourth
of july which by the way i hope you all had a happy fourth uh in the honor of fourth of july
they had duke nukem 3d the remake on sale for like 250 so i was like sold i gotta get this so
i played some duke nukem 3d i was playing through the first um and it's it they did they redid the
textures and it's so it's a little more hd but it still has that look and you can play the classic
like if you don't want to play the new one you can play the classic but i think the new one retains
that feel of the classic but yet you know works right and widescreen looks a little sharper and
on my computer which you guys know i upgraded my computer like four months ago blazing frames a
second boy i love it so it's just fast fast fast so much fun i need the um they need to get it so
i have somebody to play more i do have it i have it already we've got to set up a multiplayer night
because i i got it for the whole reason i got it is because they're saying that eventually they
were gonna have multiplayer there and then they added it yeah so i do have it in fact i'm checking
right now just to make sure um this has got to happen because i i want to play multiplayer so
bad and like i could play with strangers and the lobbies and stuff but um it's been a long time
i haven't played since high school that was my that was my college that was freshman year in
college in the dorms that was my game like i used to i used to build the crap out of those um let's
see duke nukem forever duke nukem 3d megaton edition so yes i do have that all right awesome
and then now one other game i'll give a quick shout out to is an iphone game believe it or not
but uh you know these guys nimblebit they make a lot of the really addicting iphone games like
tiny tower and oh god what else did they make the um uh airplane the pocket planes is that what it
is so they have a new one out it's called disco zoo oh my god and uh this is something one of my
friends was visiting this weekend and and she told me you've got to check out disco zoo and so i i
downloaded and checked it out and it's got you know unfortunately it has all the tropes of your
classic free to play iphone game like you try to find the hidden animals in a little puzzle
so like you have like 10 clicks in the puzzle to find the animals but let's say you don't totally
reveal the animal you get like three fourths of it a little thing will come up and say if you want
five more guesses you can either pay the one real world dollar or you can watch a quick video for
15 seconds and i'm just like ah but the game itself is really addicting and it has all that
cute stuff or like the you know the art style is very you know retro and the little people in the
zoo say things that are really funny if you look out for them like a bunch of memes everywhere
like in the pig pig exhibit there's a little guy that'll say that'll do pig and let's be honest
here you know given that's yeah i understand it's monetization but that's not so bad 15 seconds of
my time it is i i hit the button and i put the phone down and go do something else real quick
and then come back and yeah that's that's doable yeah it's it's totally doable so you know a nimble
bit does a really interesting job of kind of walking the line there on the it is free so i
mean you know whatever it is um but you know it's so easy to spend 99 cents to get your disco bucks
so so why is it called disco zoo this is the most so the big trick you know how in tiny tower you
have to like restock your stores so in the zoo you have to wake up your animals so you like your
animals will be awake for 20 minutes or whatever then you have to go wake them up but if you want
to get them to stay awake you can spend your disco dollar to throw a disco party and the disco party
will keep them awake and then of course it plays this really stupid eight-bit retro disco music
but then all the lights light up and if you have like uh trophies in your uh zoo pen or whatever
they'll light up and use all the animals start dancing it's really ridiculous but like who
doesn't love the idea of a disco zoo hello so anyway who doesn't like it rob the animals
let the cows sleep oh oh i can't i and that's the best part i can't wait for peta's response
i will say though you know it's the game does have like unicorns and shit in it that you can
have your zoo so you know there's is the unicorn shit rainbow i haven't checked yet but the
unicorns can wear fezzes you can get your animals i guess anyway all right look i'm gonna stop
pimping a game that they're not paying me to promote i just will say as far as mobile phone
games goes nimblebit tends to put out pretty quality stuff and this is just another one in
their little uh archive but beware of the temptation of monetization uh because that is
what it is all about right all right uh that's it for my gaming week let's do uh quick housekeeping
and then we'll get to the news tonight housekeeping very important update there will be no live orange
lounge radio next week we will not be here live in seven days very sorry guys but as you probably
heard uh dark sakura and i will be on our way back from san francisco and gamer x we will be
there this weekend sadly loki will not be in tow yeah here's the ironic part i'm actually going to
be in san francisco but i'm just not going to that get out what part you should try to swing
by and say no i can't take the taking the kids to an aquarium okay all right oh yeah the aquarium
is on the other side of city anyway but anyway uh that's that's kind of sad that it works out that
way but anyway uh dark stalker and i will be there um friday saturday sunday and uh if you would like
to see us in person the best place to catch us is the podcast cross zone panel so plan on being there
i realize we're up against the bio wear guy and uh uh i'm gonna butcher her name because i don't
have it memorized but she does all the videos um the very um the ones that make you think anita
sarkeesian is that her name yeah the tropes versus women yes yes yes she her panels at the same time
so i will hope though that you will strongly consider uh visiting us we'll be one of the
little smaller side rooms podcast cross zone uh ourselves uh game bar uh game buoy dot org
koopa club a horde house um i always feel like i'm leaving somebody out in this segment
a video game realness is there in spirit sadly they couldn't send anybody from canada
uh to come to the show uh but yeah we will all god why i always have the sinking feeling i'm
leaving somebody out i i am i apologize because i'm doing this off spur of the moment but um
we will all be there uh and uh talking about podcasting so if you want to come say hi and
learn a little bit about the art of podcasting how we do it the tech end of things uh come say
hi saturday at two o'clock if you're not able to come to gamer x um look for the uh archive of the
panel i'm sure will be on some of the feeds of the shows i just mentioned uh it'll also be up on
youtube eventually if last year is any indication so uh wait for that um also uh i should speaking
of panels and the like uh dragon con 2014 is happening uh and vog will have another panel
tentatively monday morning is uh when the vog panel will be uh more information to come on
that later but uh uh bobby and i making at least the two of us making appearances on a couple other
panels throughout the show i know travis donovan is going i believe john from critical myths said
he's going and i know some of his co-hosts also go to the show uh i think this is the year the
guys from British invaders make it out too so there'll be quite a representation from the voice
geez network at dragon con this year um so we will definitely think of a meetup something
something especially if some of you guys are going to be there in atlanta over labor day weekend so
a couple chances to catch us at various conventions um but sadly that means no olr this weekend and no
olr labor day weekend because you know conventions will uh take precedence uh on the podcast feed we
may or may not have something i would hope that maybe we can tape a little something something at
gamer x with maybe some of our friends so you may see something on the feed uh a little later
than usual i just hate to go a whole week without content on the feed i know it happens sometimes
though but i know some of your monday morning listeners really rely on us to get you through
your work day or your commute so we're gonna we're gonna try and have something for you even if the
best of but uh please forgive us if we do take the week off completely use the opportunity to visit
another fantastic independent podcast um because you know all these indie producers they work hard
at what they do so if you can't listen to us this next week listen to somebody else uh that uh that
loves to uh do this for free every week all right um let's get into some gaming news shall we
it's that time loki start us off all right let's uh let's talk a little bit about
um this is kind of interesting now we talked about this before lindsay lohan and had some
issues with certain characters or a certain character in grand theft five she thought hey
it's based off me i mean the character lazy jones is kind of i wouldn't say it's based exactly on
lindsay lohan but it's like you know the typical hollywood you know actress that's kind of
falling off the deep end you know getting into drugs and all the scandals and that kind of stuff
but now she's taking it further besides saying that this character is based off her she's
actually suing rockstar games saying that this character is you know basically just a complete
rip off of you know her personality her persona and she feels that she should be compensated for
it which it's parody stupid so i don't think she's gonna get any money but hey it's free advertising
there's a lot of people like uh this story by the way so here's a fun fact about me i bet you
would never guess i listen to conservative talk radio i do i do i i like to listen to how the
other side thinks that's kind of like you know i'm all about educating and listening to all
different angles right so and in this town there's really no other choice if you're going to listen
to talk radio on the drive to work if you want to hear how the traffic's going to be the reason why
i bring that up they do the news while i'm on my way to work you know all morning long this came up
on the drive to work and on the drive home they mentioned it that lindsey low hand was suing
grand theft auto 5 and i was just like okay so if this you know radio station is talking about it
then everybody's talking about this well she's basically saying okay that you know the character
in the game uh depicts her voice image and person personal style also that you know it's an in-game
they have an in-game spoof of the chateau mamont in west hollywood i guess where she lived for
several months and basically saying that lacy jones is a reference to low hand and the suit
claiming you know they want unspecified damages more like that they know that the game you know
made a billion dollars yeah 11 billion dollars they want some of that money it's good luck i
mean but i i just don't see how um you know they didn't call her lindsey low hand she doesn't look
like lindsey low hand it's just i don't know it good luck i just don't think that they're gonna
win i mean better people have tried guys you don't our chat room over at live.vog network.com says i
thought you could parody a person as long as you don't use their real or show name and complete
likeness well even in some cases though you can like remember in uh mba jam uh way back in the
day you had the codes where you could unlock like political figures in the game but i believe i
believe it's different when it comes to political parody and things like that like i think you can
use likeness and so forth but i'm just saying like the whole parody of real people is certainly not
new to video games it's in the same stuff happens on tv shows where you know you have like you know
your criminal you know dramas and stuff like that like law and order and stuff they'll parody
news um you know events and stuff like that to come up with their plot lines for certain shows
and you know the characters you'll see oh okay that that's supposed to be like a michael jackson
type character or oh that's supposed to be you know this type of person but it's not really them
it's different in this it's a similar scenario so you kind of catch the reference but it's not
it's not like directly saying you know oh this is lindsey this is uh minzy mohan and you know
uh you know it's not that you know direct i guess do you know what this reminds me of do you remember
a few years ago and i know we brought this up on olr because we were talking exclusively about
music games for a while but do you remember when the uh lead singer of delight the band that did
grooves in the heart like the epic 90s dance anthem right remember lady miscure who fronted
that band she sued sega for space channel five because of ullala's likeness to her or whatever
it was but there it was a little more rooted i don't know why like my mind goes to that but i
believe they settled i think she did get money out of that like i don't think they approached
her first for the role yeah that was that was the big difference too is that sega had actually
gone to her but i don't they obviously they approached lindsey lohan for anything and i
i just don't see to see them doing anything that she's not gonna get any money no but but yet now
every talk radio and you know buzz station in america is talking about lindsey lohan again it's
great it's great publicity since they have you know with the pc and uh you know ps4 xbox one
versions coming out i knew okay i knew he would show up the minute i invoked her name because
my partner alan huge fan of lady miscure right yes so what do you i know you got to say something
on this what happened set me straight the thing that gave miss lady cure the edge is that sega
had approached her about making a game and they pitched the game to her and she turned it down
and they made the game anyway so they talked to her like she had receipts to be fair jamie brought
that point up but you might not have heard it before you stormed in here yeah i'm sorry
it's the feed delay that's all right but yet you you still used to do you think that ullala was
i mean knowing because i think most people look at lady miscure and go you know they don't really
know her because they only know her from the one song but you followed her a little more in that
era uh so do you think that she had a point like was ullala a lot like her so all i'm gonna say
is that i imported that game from japan the week it came out for my modded dreamcast and i think
it was egm or one of the big gaming mags at the time that showed a preview of it of coming out
in on the dreamcast in japan and this this was what 90 99 2000 so ign looked like a really nice
geo city site there was the internet wasn't what it was and you couldn't like stream gameplay
videos and all that when i saw that game i was like they made a delight game that's lady
miscare without any i had no idea about that sega approached her i i just thought this was this
random thing that they put out i got that game because i thought it was a lady miscare game i'm
not even kidding that is so funny because i remember when this story came up on olr
five years ago or whenever it was that she sued we all looked at looked at it and went this bitch
crazy she don't have a case but yet we didn't know at that time that angle that that sega had
actually approached her or whatever you know and so so it ended up that they did have a point so
the the fact that it was a music game and i was really into para and all that and the whole 60s
mod sort of laughing gogo dancer futuristic um that style looked really interesting but when i
saw the character and how she danced i was like that this is delight the video game this is a
groove groove is in the heart video or music video the video game and that was just something that i
came up with from looking at the magazine footage there was ironic that yet in despite that lawsuit
then michael jackson really did turn up in space channel 5 part 2 space michael because he loves
sega he had a relationship with sega with sonic 3 the music but he just took his name off of it
because he didn't like how the synth sounded yeah yeah uh really quick before you go um what do you
think you know that this all being said revisiting the hot stories from five years ago what do you
think of this whole lindsay lohan versus grand theft auto 5 thing i know that she hasn't been
able to work much in hollywood because she's uninsurable and apparently she's been clean for
a couple years like one or two years i think well but even in our chat room live.vogniteware.com
nemesis 47 saying lindsay's show on oprah canceled because she couldn't stay away from the booze or
the drugs yeah i heard that the reality show was rough so she okay i was gonna say that being the
overly litigants to try to get money for the work that you're not getting because you're
an addict is something that an addict would do and i would think that if she
was clean and had good people around her they would maybe say um maybe you shouldn't do this
but the fact that she's suing is a weird sign because i think if you go back her and her mom
used to try to sue everybody because they needed money she's broke because she can't she can't work
so it's unfortunate if that's what happened all right well thanks for storming in here bye hey
wait wait before you run any any other thoughts for the listeners excited for gamer acts next
week anything you wanna say no just excited for the con and take lots of pictures i don't have a
3ds so i don't know what i'm gonna do in the lobby when we're waiting for people because everyone's
everyone's doing street passing and on their 3ds maybe you can borrow shane's yeah try to borrow
one of shane's there you go that works all right thank you alan for jumping in appreciate it uh
go to our chat i'm over at live dot vog network dot com uh kai judo says ullala looks nothing like
delight uh delight didn't invent the dance every e trip and chick was doing those dances back then
keep in mind though a big difference between delight the band and uh lady miss cure who
fronted it some of the members of delight went on to do other things too from what i recall like
tawa tay was one of the members of delight and he he does like or at least he did in the late 90s
early 2000s like he remixed every big pop song had like a tawa tay remix so i know uh i know that was
part of it uh dungeon buster says when the lawsuit broke i still didn't see her in the game and fifth
dream says i thought of her when i saw ullala long ago before i ever knew about a lawsuit very
interesting how some people see it some people don't and i guess to bring it back to current news
the same could be said about this whole lindsey lohan thing some people see it but they didn't
i don't think they approached her about anything i mean no because clearly parody yeah so good luck
well and grand theft auto kind of does a lot of parody the whole thing is parody yeah yeah i just
she's just great it's it's just a you know an attempt to get money and here we are she's she
knows she doesn't have a case she's hoping for a settlement all right lindsey you're just never
gonna be better than mean girls and it makes me so sad you know who will ensure probably for work
the porn industry anyway all right uh let's move on with some more news oops except i was very
ill-prepared and i don't have my story up jamie can we go to your story next sorry yeah there was
some um i would like to say that this is a a good turnaround i was very happy with this but there
was something going on with the iesf the international e-sports foundation or sorry federation where
there was a hearthstone tournament that they were going to have um be male only there was and they
had male only and female only divisions but there hadn't had anything planned for the female only and
weren't going to include anything for the male only they have sensed um and i know that everybody
knows about this bobby talked about it it's been all over the the facebooks and the the medias of
socialness but they've turned around this decision and are having an all-inclusive uh a division and
a women's division so basically um it's open for all they're going to be letting uh anyone of any
gender participate in the hearthstone competition and it sounds like anything uh going forward
i had remembered seeing something about that they were maintaining it as male only so that
and this i don't know if this was something just from one of the feminist forums i read or what
but that they didn't want a conflict when a man got defeated by a woman
and i'm like dude suck it up she's better than you deal with it i'm not saying this excuses it
but could it possibly explain it dark sakura because when i first saw this story i was like
this is a cultural thing right there's there's there's you know because obviously feminism
although we we have a way to go in this country we're still more progressed than a lot of other
places and so when i first saw this article i thought maybe cultural differences were coming
into play do you think that that was part of it it doesn't really matter misogyny is misogyny well
no no i understand that but i mean it's also kind of i don't know like uh how do i word this
it might be really hard to tell an entire country to change their culture overnight even though we
all look at it and we say this needs to happen the reality is change doesn't happen overnight
change doesn't happen overnight unfortunately so then what about the olympics in russia
were they supposed to make everybody adhere to strict uh you know cisgender
you know heterosexual relationships in public
were they supposed to enforce that on everybody else again it's very important i'm not saying
i support their culture i think this is silly that's how i'm equating it yeah you know okay
you have an international event you're supposed to accommodate all cultures yeah and the biggest
thing is basically being inclusive for everybody especially since they were like oh well we we
support this we you know we support women in games we need more than act like it you know
screw those guys i don't care if they you know me this is me saying this on a personal level
okay so what if a guy loses to a woman boo freaking who yeah no i agree with that women are
better than some you know it doesn't even matter it's not all women are better than this than guys
or all guys are better than women this it's some women are better the thing that i had a hard time
wrapping my head around and it's just again and again it kind of made me go is this like a cultural
thing i don't get or whatever is that they had this separate contest for women in like like only
women were able to do the tech and tag tournament contest and like that even wasn't something that
was open to men and i thought that was weird because i was just like well but it that's a
fighting game and this is a fighting game why does it have to be i mean it just it didn't make
any sense to me and i was like is there like a cultural thing where women play more tekken than
guys and i'm like totally missing it i i think that for um some some cases having the the
women's division and this is what my thought was with this that it was more like throwing a bone
you know basically oh here's something to keep you quiet because i mean how many different male
dominated fighting game tournaments have there been across the world as opposed you know how
many women show up to some of these events and report on being harassed yeah or you know flat out
being um assaulted at some of these events what can we understanding that it's going to be very
difficult to make something change overnight because a lot of rights issues unfortunately
take generations to change i mean like look begins at home it okay so excellent where we're how do we
how do we fix this how do we stop this crap where i mean i i think it is ridiculous that women get
harassed at these things and there needs to be more of a social check and balance where there
needs to be more guys out there that are willing to step up and say hey not okay to like another
guy because guys do this usually to impress other guys at least that was always a feeling i get
growing up when i'm being bullied or whatever is that people would bully me because they're trying
to impress their friends well it's also the infliction of of particular gender roles and
gender behaviors on people that you know if a guy shows weakness or you know any type of emotional
vulnerability then he's you know a quote a sissy or there's something wrong with him for you know
being having emotions for being human right or that if a guy doesn't you know pursue you know
pursue and get the woman that there's something wrong with him you know meanwhile women are taught
you know from a young age if you get a compliment you don't say thank you you go oh no no no you're
you're supposed to dismiss it like you're not worthy or that you've been given a great favor
by some person thinking that you're pretty you know forget that you know i might be a great
writer or that i have all these skills no it's pretty i don't want someone i would rather be
called smart and thoughtful than be told i'm pretty i would rather be told i'm strong or that
i can go to the gym and lift weights in the guys section and not be a novelty then be told i'm
pretty you know i think you're pretty pretty awesome thank you i know thanks but i mean the
same thing is that the the and and i mean this is yeah i'm going outside of the whole uh you know
video game tournament thing you soapboxing on this show never what go for it but i mean i think that
the tournament's just a symptom the the fact well yeah i mean that's why i was saying it was
this is this is something this is a bigger cultural issue the fact that the press had
to check them on this to get them to change their mind is what was sad it shouldn't have
been an issue to begin with it should have not even occurred to them that they would have
anything that was un-inclusive but again i mean i i hate to harp on this but again that is is that
a finland way of life versus i don't know i don't live in finland i don't
no i'm not i'm not saying it's okay but it is interesting how you know this cultural thing over
here goes viral over here and blizzard has to step in and be the ones that fixes it which i
will say in this situation i think blizzard deserves the kudos because they're the ones
that put their foot down and said hey i don't care who you are or where you're from if you're
gonna use our game this is not okay well like i was saying before i don't think it really matters
so much that it's finland that the decision was coming out of finland i think it's if you know
you have an international community you go by international standards meaning you be inclusive
you don't do things that are gonna offend the people that you are hosting okay i have to play
devil's advocate here though just just just to be fair because when we talk about international
you brought up the olympics earlier and doesn't the olympics separate every sport in men's and
women's not every i think i think that they're i mean there are they there's definitely some that
are co-op but i think that they um there was some drama coming up about that because i honestly
i believe that if you're gonna segregate those it should be by like weight class
yeah i i mean i kind of get the separation a little more when it's i don't know it's
it's a tough issue because like i kind of get it from a like olympic sport style standpoint
because it's just the fact of the matter is men are statistically going to be this average women
are statistically going to be this average so i from a physical but hearthstone is overthinking
this is hearthstone yeah exactly hearthstone isn't that that's my point at the end of the day
hearthstone and esports in general are not physical competitions in those way and you
could argue me and say oh but it's physical because the hand-eye coordination or it's
physical okay whatever so what if some guy gets butt hurt i don't care it's not physical in the
way that you know agility average or weight average but but you know you're also right
there's that there's a lot of women built like men a lot of men look like women here's one of
my examples and i know this is stupid but look back to wrestling in the 90s when you had china
did she wrestle in the women's category no she wrestled with the men because she was built like
one of the guys i mean she did take testosterone for a while for weightlifting i mean she well i
mean not testosterone she was taking just the the anabolic steroids but still um i know that's
a dumb example but that's one of them but you know and at the same time with me saying that
i don't care if you know some guy gets butt hurt if a girl beats him on the same token i think that
if a girl is beaten by a guy she needs to be gracious and just acknowledge that he beat her
fair and square has nothing to do with their gender uh bobby blackwolf in our chatter live
dog network com says there are some mixed competitions pairs figure skating for instance
uh and there are mixed doubles tennis but i can't think of where you have just a man competing
against just a woman in the olympics uh ballroom dancing was once an olympic event too a test event
that never went anywhere well you know and i don't i think on our our little podcast we're not
going to be able to solve this issue very easily this is something that you know this is obviously
a much bigger issue but i think this is something that is going to be a generation as we shift into
another you know this this generation where you have a lot of like moms and dads like you know
folks like loki right raising his kids loki was raised on video games and so that's going to be
a part of the culture that he hands down to his kids and what i mean with that is that e-sports
as it becomes more and more mainstream that's going to become a part of culture too and i think
as these stuff mature as these things get more social acceptance then i think a lot more of these
bigger difficult questions are going to have to be tackled as to why do we separate these genders
should we separate these genders is this a good idea my other thought is that i
in the realm of public sports like actual physical sports i would still like to see things divided by
weight class or by ability class or by a particular level like that because and um because not only do
you have the genders that people are born with but you have people sure who are transgender sure
meaning or even identify as gender neutral or true or z or and and this is going to be kind
of touchy for me to say it this way but there are still physical there are physical difference
differences in the type of muscle that women and men build i'm studying this learning anatomy and
my own weightlifting right and even if you have a trans woman she's still going to have some of the
the male musculature physically i'm just talking physically only right you know so that in and of
itself where you have someone identifying as a woman she's going to be eligible to go in the
women except that there's that touchy part of how her body is built so i honestly would like to see
you know in the realm of sports just have the categories completely wiped away like that have
it all be based on physical ability and the same thing goes with these tournaments like that i'd
like to see it based off of personal ability rather than be some boys club all right well to
be continued um yeah again not not an easy topic that uh society is going to solve uh with just
this i i think this is something that's going to continue but i will say kudos to blizzard
for kind of going okay when it comes to and i hope you all know that sometimes i just want to present
devil's advocate opinion on this show i i do feel that uh you know blizzard stepping in and saying
who cares if you are a guy or a girl it is all the same it's all even when it comes to hearthstone i
think that was a great great thing um and i also you know what else i think is also a great thing
that pretty much everybody i saw on twitter in response like you know people that regularly speak
up on feminist issues and people that don't it seems like everybody out there on twitter was
kind of you know of the mindset of this is not right this is not the way it should be and so
maybe the positive at the end of the story is maybe that is a sign that things are getting
better if not at a snail's pace okay anyway let's move on speaking of uh things that are moving
along very very very slowly uh the playstation vita you know a lot of people are wondering if
sony's given up on the playstation vita because they haven't really been pushing any games for it
they're relying on third parties and thought i heard that they weren't doing any first party
games but then again they have um they do have one game coming out from sony japan later this year
but that's it well uh here's the thing uh sony in a recent interview said that uh there's uh
the new slimmed down model of the playstation vita of course you know we've heard about that
especially over in japan and so forth um it has spurred quote strong interest among gamers and
that there will be more stock coming quote to ensure continued momentum leading into the
holidays um the numbers for the playstation vita they've noted have been picking up towards the
play or as the playstation 4 is launched but we haven't seen the exact numbers for the playstation
vita in some time right now the vita is unable to be purchased from sony at least as far as i'm
concerned do you think that company do you think that could be because they're trying to put a lot
of stock and one thing that isn't mentioned in this interview or in this article or in this
discussion is the fact that there's a momentum shift coming towards this playstation tv which
will be able to handle the vita well um i know right now that it's um they've it's unavailable
um not i didn't think it was selling that fast in the beginning anyways and even with the redesign
i don't think that really pushed that many extra systems out there maybe it did but um right now
it's a temporary it's temporarily unavailable to be purchased so whether that means that they're
allocating those systems to other retailers or that kind of thing but the fact that nobody it
seems like from when i was reading like a neo gaff and stuff that people aren't finding them at
retail that kind of makes me scratch my head a little bit like why so maybe they are my guess
is that they're scaling down the production on those systems just because they are thinking that
the playstation tv is going to take a bigger chunk out of the market over here maybe and
they don't want to be left with a bunch of extra hardware that they can't sell um maybe that's the
thought um i don't know i do think though that it might pick up a little bit because i know
was it with uh they just would have they just added support for unity for playstation mobile
so like if i wanted to now i could publish a game to playstation mobile and what's kind of
cool about it is i can actually test it on a retail um a retail system just like i can you
know an android or iphone game all right go to our chat room over at live.vog network.com fifth
dream says i buy more games for vita than anything ionotropic says so many free vita games via
playstation plus had to buy a 64 gigabyte memory card kai judo on the other side says they need
to stop this vita thing it's a waste of their time and money no one is buying that crap well i i
bought that crap but i also bought it based on you know the launch titles and some of the things
that were out then and it is a little bit disappointing to see sony not really putting
out a lot of new stuff themselves but you know like the the chatter who said that they do seem
to still support it through playstation plus an awful lot and it is kind of cool that you have
the whole uh streaming through the playstation 4 is is is a pretty neat feature that i do use
i think though that unfortunately that the failure of some of their big temple titles
that they had like the call of duty you know black ops game yeah that was supposed to be fantastic
but then it was done by the same guys that did the resistance game which was not good and then
that game was not good and it's just very underwhelming like if that had like actually
turned out to be a really good game i think that could have really helped you know push the system
on a side note um i don't have the story in front of me or anything i'm just going kind of going off
of memory but i thought i saw something where ea officially dropped support for vita in this past
week which not true because they have well not exactly they have the legacy version of uh fifa
oh roster update yeah roster update reskin of fifa you know um so that's technically coming but um
yeah they don't have anything coming to um that system and ironically they do have a wii version
of fifa coming as well but um nothing for the wii u uh rama says just price cut the darn vita to 149
and watch it sell like fucking hotcakes that comment live dot vog network.com probably will
well it the playstation tv 99 that's why i'm saying the playstation tv is going to be the
thing that cannibalizes the already very very tiny vita sales it could drop that system down
99 dollars that'd be really interesting to see that happen it would if they could get if they
could get it under the ds's price but i can't imagine the hardware i mean they'd have to sell
that thing at a loss i can't imagine the hardware is only 99 bucks to build those things no not with
that screen on it unless they're well they could consider dropping the touchscreen or something
dropping the touchpad in the back who knows um you know i honestly think the back touchpad thing is
kind of dumb the beginning but i don't know it's just i think it's that screen that's really costing
them all right well let's move on loki all right so amazon is right now fighting against the ftc
because they're trying to get them to restrict um add-on purchases within their mobile apps
so basically what they're trying to do right now which i don't know i'm kind of on the fence with
both of the stuff like they're trying to require password entry for in-app purchases which i think
i'm okay with um overhaul their refund process to aid parents seeking um you know
recompensation for unwanted purchases made by children okay that i have a problem with
because they should be limiting what they should have a limit of how you know their children
shouldn't be able to access in-app purchases i think the best way around it would be to say
create a second password maybe like a pin like you had for like it you know an atm card or
something like that where you just have like a four or five digit pin that you enter in
to authorize those purchases instead of you know having to remember your whole password if you know
if the whole point is oh well we want to make sure that's streamlined enough so people don't
go oh well i don't want to log in to buy this i don't remember what my password is or something
and so i'm just not going to do that um and they're thinking that that's going to cut into
sales but at the same time i think parents need to be responsible for their children's purchases
in these games also it should be on amazon and even you know apple or um you know google to
be policing these games or apps that are on their services that are just blatantly trying to trick
people into making in-app purchases i think that needs to be a little bit more um policed but
i think both they need to kind of meet in the middle a little bit i only i think it's a little
ridiculous to you know make it so that it's easier for them to get uh refunds on the stuff
one it should really be up to the parents i mean we've got to put some responsibility on these
parents here you know that oh well i didn't know my my my children you know were playing with this
and i logged it you know logged in for this well why are you logged in first off for purchases made
on this stuff um it's i don't know it's like if you leave your credit card out and you're you know
kids run up a bill on something like that are you gonna you know call the credit card company
and go well can you give me a refund because i didn't know doing my kids are making purchases
on this stuff i mean i don't know so they're fighting it right now and apparently um they have
not uh the fcc has not responded to amazon's latest statement which is you know uh that they're
already doing enough i don't know it is a very interesting issue the whole uh kids making these
purchases on the devices and you know as it gets easier and easier to do that you know just touch
here to buy you know there's it's so easy for kids to do that but yeah i mean i believe on the
iphone you have the whole you have to put your password in again yeah they have they have the
or at least you can enable iphone i think you can enable that and they even said you know when
customers told us kids have been purchases they didn't want we refunded those purchases
and they're also saying that you know uh they have you know currently implemented a prominent
notice of in-app purchasing effective parental controls and real-time notice of every in-app
purchase and i think if i remember correctly and i'm not sure how amazon's you know stuff is forked
as far as android goes or even i know they have that amazon os or whatever for their phone or fire
os and stuff but they've got you know in google i think they've got support now for multiple user
profiles for these things and i think you can assign stuff to children assign stuff to parents
where you can maybe have it where you know the parents have to authorize those purchases or
even just not give them the option to be able to purchase anything you know what i think they just
need to do is they need to turn on some of those parental controls by default i think that would
be the right thing to do is that the whole requiring the password every day that should
be on by default of course then what happens when the kid finds out your password but
well that's that's another on top of that also or or the fact that you know
um if what they need to do is they need to override it for free purchases because i know
even still like on um the apple store and stuff you still have to put in your password for free to
download so let's just get rid of that for free purchases that way your kid isn't bothering you
for stuff i'm laughing because i know how they're going to stop it is because we're talking about
iphone what did they just put in those newest iphones they have the whole thumbprint sensor
so it's only going to be a matter of time before it's like okay you want to buy this put your thumb
on the thing and then now a kid is kids not going to be able to do that what do you cut off daddy's
they they want they want as little little resistance to make those in-app purchases
because i know that this is why the government's pushing back but that's why i'm saying do the you
do the pin do the pin so it's real easy it's just like the security on your phone just put in the
pin and be done with it and then that way you don't have to remember a big long password if
that's what you really want to do have that option in there um because i think they have it
like on the xbox and stuff where you can put a pin in for like parental controls very interesting
comments in our chat room over at live.vog network.com kai judo says i remember in the 80s
we used to call the 900 numbers and run up the phone bill parents would tell the phone company
their kid ran up the bill that sounds like this all over again um s2100 matt says those same
parents complaining are the same people that were once kids that ran up their own parents phone bill
via dial-up gaming and porn phone lines that's a very interesting sort of generational perspective
there that this isn't necessarily a new issue yeah exactly but like when i ran up the phone bill
because i connected to a phone number that happened to be long distance for you know
prodigy or whatever because i didn't know you know i didn't i didn't know that this was going
to be even though it's within my area code that this is going to be a toll call or whatever
you know that kind of crap because the phone company does weird shit like that um because
i didn't know that my parents didn't go oh we need to call the phone company tell them that
it was my kid connecting we got to get a refund fucking take some responsibility they they took
responsibility and said okay this was your fault because you didn't know this don't do it again
but we still have to pay this and because you know it was our fault that you did
take responsibility for your actions or your kids actions take responsibility yeah oh i know i it's
funny when you brought up prodigy because i i guess it the whole generational thing i did do
that remember when they used to charge by the minute for chat rooms oh my god one month i ran
up a very big bill and by using like chat rooms or whatever and oh i felt the wrath of my mother
oh yeah oh yeah and i got restricted from that stuff and it got to the point where like
she would intentionally pick up the phone to screw up my my uh my modem connections if she
knew i was on the computer when i wasn't supposed to be like on the modem or something she'd just
pick up the phone she knew it would kick me off and leave it off the hook nice
oh boy and uh bobby blackwolf in our chat room live.vognetwork.com similar story i ran up the
bill for quantum link or q link since it was 30 cents a minute or something i ran up a 400
bill one month and it was never on it again very interesting generational shift there all right uh
moving on some unfortunately sad news to follow up those stories but we have news of another
developer closure airtight games unfortunately shutting down their redman office no announcement
uh the studio just kind of disappeared and uh it disappeared less than a month after their
big game murdered soul suspect had just come out this was confirmed on twitter through tweets from
the company thanking those who quote supported us and made the last 10 years possible that's
never a fun thing to report on i mean luckily redmond is is also the home of you know huge
mother ships for nintendo and microsoft so hopefully those folks can find gameful employment
somewhere else but never fun to report on that i will say though i did not hear a lot about
murdered soul suspect um i've only heard of this like through other people that are like oh yeah
i wanted to check that out it was okay i just don't think it was what they're expecting it to
be i mean i didn't really have high hopes for it anyways it seemed like kind of a supernatural la
noir um and i just don't know if it was it wasn't that big of a title i think and it just unfortunately
just didn't you know get the reviews or anything that they're hoping it didn't kind of get the buzz
yeah i think a game really well it's being really marketed too much either so i mean i don't know
maybe the maybe the publisher didn't really uh believe in it i don't know all right well that's
unfortunate uh moving on before we get to uh release dates dark sakura lol lol a lot um
basically uh and i i don't know how many people listening believe any of that crap that displayed
on fox news but there's a show called fox and friends or a segment that has rick perry the
asshole um inviting in this particular segment invited uh president obama to the texas border
to see the uh quote immigration crisis ooh um the banner that they used for this for
defending the homeland looks quite a bit like the bioshock infinite uh you know logo
which is funny because basically isn't the point of bioshock infinite fighting the right wing and
winning kind of the ultra right wing doesn't it involve that sorta yeah yeah so um basically
ken levine got a wind of this and he said glad to help fox glad to help and then my favorite thing
is it's not the irony of that fox news thing that bothers me so much it's the type setting
it really is bad because that n and d are too close together it's just awful do you think fire
your designer do you think they really like lifted it from a bioshock game or is there
something their designer did yeah yeah i mean we we sample other we we quote other people's work
from time to time and doing it
in this blatant way means their designer is not no especially since the typography is actually
kind of bad um yeah i think that they ran out of ideas um you have uh some comments in the chat
room there that i think define this a little better uh act f saying with your uh what bioshock
it's all about kind of but not exactly is what i said but the point was comparing it to fox news
alan alchemy makes a great one though here it's mostly a parable about jingoism segregation
nationalism uh is a better way to describe it and eugenics is a huge one so i know i think
i don't know that's not as funny when you say it that way but my point was it was basically
the the worst of conservatism yeah of that era right and fox is the worst of conservative well
not the worst but the uh the the about as far worse as you can get that and still remain public
uh uh what's the word i'm thinking of socially acceptable on air yes all right
uh loki were you gonna jump in with something real quick i just think that i don't i don't know
if they i'm sure that they don't even know what bioshock infinite is and most likely that they
just probably drew from the same sort and same inspiration that bioshock infinite that's what
i was wondering is that maybe is it it's not fox news it's whoever they hired as their designer i
i can't i could see though jamie's idea of like a rogue granted the banner shape is the same but
it's it's kind of a stretch i mean it's aside from it having kind of the same theme to it it's just
it's not like they you know it's not like the daily show where they they take you know an
actual logo for something they kind of rearrange the words so they like to do really bad photoshop
all right anyway that's that's not how basically the way the way having a designer works is that
the designer said okay wage slave do this so that we'll pay you for something okay you haven't you
have until five minutes to make it ah okay designer presents work can you do it in comic sans
fuck you fine and some person who has absolutely no idea about what design or good typography is
approves it and it goes on air i want this to look a little more friendly and whimsical maybe uh
there's this font on my computer comic sans have you thought about trying that one
i would like to print out everything i would like to print out the phone book in comic sans
turn it into a giant spike and shove it up your ass
hey that's mean and then i'm gonna take papyrus and print the bible in that and shove it up your nose
or maybe just an unabridged dictionary that's a little bit longer
oh oh oh i'm going to lock you in a prison where all the walls are printed in helvetica
i was gonna say if i if i say you will learn what good type looks like if i say three hail
helvetica's will i be forgiven we need three hail helvetica's and a myriad pro all right moving on
let's travel around the world and check out some release dates okay nemesis wingdings is
still better than comic sans i kind of love those wingdings but wingdings will never be
as good as the emoji set that is now uh on all the phones and that's ridiculous
it's ridiculous well you don't like emoji no emoji emoji is my favorite way to respond to
facebook posts now because you know extrovert is on this big trip in europe and he keeps tagging
all this like really dumb shit he sees look it's rob on money look it's rob on money and it's like
i don't know like why it's supposed to be funny but i'll just reply with that emoji that just
has like the like look on its face like i hate you so much you know which one i'm talking about
if you look at all the faces there's one that has like the eyes pointed to the side the you know
the slyly judging you i hate you candy look at that face all right anyway uh let's travel
around the world and check out release dates there's nothing coming out this week what nothing
coming out this week nothing coming out this week yeah it's absolutely dead not a single thing well
that was a short release date say yeah exactly yeah nothing nothing coming out oh i'm sorry i
take it back there was the uh 3ds uh was it scooby-doo and looney tunes cartoon explosion
or something like that i don't know so basically there's a no one cur coming out it's scooby-doo
and looney tunes worlds combined you know it's like it's like space jam but less jam well now
see and before you said space jam i was gonna say well which of our listeners have actually pre-ordered
that but then you go and say space jam and i'm like oh space jam was a pretty rad movie
come on warner brothers you've got midway now so i mean you could you could technically make
a new nba jam game that's space jam space jam oh my god oh hey hey working on another space jam
they are working on another space jam movie so this could possibly happen it prison happening
with lebron or something yeah oh man that would be amazing that would be cool michael jordan needs
to make a cameo until we get space jam 2 let's travel over to japan and check out some of the
releases that are coming out over there no space jam 2 to report but we do have on the playstation
3 this week on july the 10th uh sakio shogi geckie sashi 13 comes out this week uh this is some type
of board game series that is on the playstation um i don't know what much more of the game than
that though you said it was shogi right yeah it's it's a classic game very very classic board game
that would be like strategy kind of like i think it follows a lot of the same principles of go
i would imagine it's kind of like how they release monopoly on every single console and handheld and
everything right it's like classic american board games get released on all that stuff wheel of
fortune too game shows anyhow uh on the xbox 360 this week in japan oh nothing nothing until the
17th it looks like it's a pretty dry week in japan as well because there's nothing on the weu this
week either uh taking a look at the 3ds though there is some type of special pack a 3ds xl pack
uh it's called the yukai watch edition uh that i think just includes that game and it's a 3d that
has the little character there on it uh for those of you that need to import a japanese 3ds i suppose
there's that uh yukai watch 2 also comes out ganzo and hankei come out in um uh japan this
week on july the 10th so kind of a slower week in japan as well how about uh how about the uk dark
sakura we actually do have a couple um on the 8th is cubit rebooted for the pc and on the 9th
mousecraft whatever that is is that like mousetrap the amazing board game for me it's on
ps everything i believe it's a puzzle game i believe it's falls in the don't care category
it's like okay compared to tetris and lemmings combined so boring to register participation
for this week's episode of orange andreja at vognetwork.com use the passphrase move all
right just a few more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week but first loki all
right um so i don't know i mean i'm not too excited that he's back but cliff uh cliffy b
he uh tweeted i'm officially back making video games again because apparently he retired for
a while um so yeah and of course you know he was uh the main developer behind uh or main i should
say the lead behind uh the gears of war series and um kind of with that you know it's not surprising
since everyone's expecting a next gen gears war game uh one of the voice actors uh who did cold
trains voice was contacted for the next gears war game so put two and two together cliffy's
probably working on a new gears war game i don't know if that's necessarily a given i don't know
but i mean i if i were cliffy b i might want to do something else too maybe he's going to go around
and form his own independent game company you know like he can he can kind of do the miyamoto thing
and oversee gears of war 4 but he doesn't necessarily have to be like actively involved
if that makes sense i guess i don't know all right well i think everybody might want to get
involved with this because it involves food oh wait it's denny's food blah that's that's a
stretch of the word remember this red velvet pancake so we had at christmas i'm sorry they
weren't there died with blood denny's was awesome when i was 21 and like regularly went out to
dinner at two in the morning but now that i'm in my mid-30s like i really three people splitting
a sampler bam exactly where we have enough money to afford a sampler amongst the five of us yeah
i claim a cheese stick mozzarella sticks sound great now if i want gas we've been playing vampire
live action for the last seven hours mozzarella sticks man you said see it used to be like this
here's the routine go to qsar do a half day pass playing qsar for five fucking hours get out of
there midnight go to denny's sampler well anyway is denny's a big thing nationwide or is that more
of a west coast thing because i know we don't really have diners here in california like they
do the east coast they have denny's back east yes i don't know like i just said i used to finish
playing live action vampire i larped keep in mind go eat at denny's we don't have waffle house here
or you know dunkin donuts every denny's is everywhere rob all right fine and you know what
we don't have waffle house out here yes because the nine dollar minimum wage because assholes
yeah all right anyway uh so why do i bring up denny's on our video game show because
uh denny's is doing a greatest hits remixed menu that involves working with atari to create video
game food remixes so there's classic atari games like asteroids centipede and breakout
so one of the games is hashteroids where you're delivering 40 tons of condiments to uh the fourth
planet in sector 7d whatever that means uh so i guess you're fighting giant hash browns instead
of the pixely asteroids uh sector 7d isn't that like the same isn't that where like homer simpson
works and maybe maybe uh takeout instead of breakout is where denny's food is built up in
a wall and you have to take it down by feeding customers and then there's something called
centipup which i think is made out of uh those hush puppy little deep fried balls of dough or
whatever those things are they sell so how would you feed customers um with that do you like bounce
them off of like a you know the wall i don't think that's actual this is not actual food that you
order in stores it's a promotion they're doing online uh through mobile app you can actually
play these three games on denny's mobile iphone app i will say this though it to denny's credit
as much as i think their food is is really really bad um i think denny's is a master at social
marketing because their twitter account is always on point and their tumblr i'm always seeing them
on tumblr because they're saying hilarious things all the time so i will give them that so they are
pretty good at following the pulse and they did social media they did try to do that whole bacon
food menu and actually tried you know was it their bacon milkshake thing but it was not i thought
that was jack in the box did the bacon milkshake uh well okay i think that was everyone that did
bacon everything uh jack in the box did the bacon milkshake but that was with a jack in the box they
don't technically have any other milkshake other than just vanilla they just put different syrups
in there um and then denny's actually i think it was a bacon sunday is what it was and it was
disappointing unfortunately all right well we are going to take a trip to simpler times but quick i
want to read this because this literally just came in on twitter from akuma jp uh who actually lives
in japan and wants to kind of follow up on something that i was saying during the japanese
releases uh saying that it's not a slow week because yokai watch is the biggest game in japan
right now and people don't and who wants to compete against that even pokemon needs to think
twice interesting i guess that's one of those games that hasn't crossed the cultural barrier
yet because i don't do you even yokai watch i don't know that game i i know of it i haven't
like the name sounds familiar but it's not something that's really crossed over here yet
as far as i know and to go back real quick about mouse craft because now i just found the
screenshots that remind me of myself what it was it's like a cross between lemmings and tetris you
drop like tetris pieces to help the mice get through like a maze of all sorts of things and
you have a cat that's kind of crazy it looks cool oh yokai watch is a cute cute cute thing
uh it's a 3ds the original game was out in july of 2013 and uh it is not something that's been
released here it's only in japan so maybe it's something like bravely default well they'll bring
it over eventually uh there have been manga adaptations of the game uh that they've done
there's an anime tv series that they did that started in japan in january 2014 and they're
doing a movie at the end of this year so yeah wow this is a pretty big deal over there so uh
let's see uh the protagonist is searching for bugs in the world woods of sakura new town he
comes across a peculiar capsule machine next to a sacred tree uh when he opens the capsule it
brings forth a yokai named whisper who gives uh kita ghost butler a device known as the yokai
watch using this kita is available to identify and see various different yokai that are haunting
people and causing mischief so it sounds like ghost pokemon katai i've been dealing with that
kata his name is kata well then i'm surprised this isn't something they've tried to bring over here
yet maybe coming done by the same group responsible for professor latin and inazuma 11
well this is why i like doing the show live because you know what i i know i don't think
any day i learned any human being cannot play everything so this is always nice to you know
find out about things especially worldwide that are big elsewhere so thanks for the tweet
akuma jp appreciate it all right uh let's get to the classic game of the week let's go to a time
when there was a lot of stuff that came out in japan that i've never heard of that's for sure
but this game this game is definitely more than all of us in this room this game but this game
is definitely oozes murica murica murica this is a this is an american game an all american game
how how appropriate for this uh long weekend thanks to the fourth of july all right so dark
sakura what is the classic game of the week the oregon trail i figured it was about time
this is a great selection i just want to point out the audio we're gonna hear tonight for the
oregon trail this comes from not like from the fifth edition yeah the apple 2e edition
like didn't have music like maybe like a really bad synthesized you know theme but that's it so
we're gonna hear some uh digital fart yeah so slightly and and if uh j this music is appropriate
yeah jason's
it's really quiet but there it is anyway the oregon trail um was developed in 1971
by three school teachers in northfield minnesota uh the primary one being don
rawich i guess that's how its name is pronounced raw it's um two of his buddies who are also
teachers helped develop the game and this was done using the hp time shared basic
running on an hp 2100 mini computer back when we actually categorized them as such
um he had the game running for that semester when semester was over he deleted the program
but he printed the source code in 1974 the minnesota education computing consortium
uh was developing educational software and they hired him and so he basically uh
redid the oregon trail for them and it ended up being very very popular in 1978 mecc
was trying to get more people to use the apple 2 computer and so the oregon trail was uh in
creative computing's uh may through june 1978 issue written in basic 3.1 and then
there was the apple pds disc series um oregon trail 2 that came out in 1978 as well um so
basically there have been a bunch of different versions of oregon trail come out since then
but all of us here we have been you got a rough trip ahead of you partner we've known of this
game for a while the narration's a little louder than the music was sorry about that
well in in this case the game has been something that has existed as long as we've been alive
right so starting off with other editions outside the 70s versions there was uh the 1985 uh oregon
trail for apple 2 1990 had the oregon trail classic edition for macintosh um there was
oregon trail deluxe 1992 for das and macintosh uh 1983 through 96 oregon trail version 1.2 for
windows 1986 oregon trail 2 for windows 97 oregon trail third edition then we had fourth fifth there
was a dsi where uh in 2009 uh oregon trail for we and 3ds uh the oregon trail american seller for uh
ios and android and then in 2012 there was the oregon trail for windows phone
so what was the big thing that we used to have to do in this game apart from you know forting
rivers and whatnot shooting buffalo shooting buffalo and only being able to carry 100 pounds
back to the wagon you had to hunt and basically i know loki was the type that tried to shoot up
5 000 pounds of buffalo and i did everything died in the original version you had basically
no graphics and you were timed on how fast you could type bang wham or pow and misspelled
words were a failed hunt in the graphical version you had the little man with his rifle
um you could get bison they yielded the most food and were the slowest moving rabbits and squirrels
were fast you could have uh deer and elk and bears and other bison and other type of animals
but you could like you said you can only carry 100 pounds in the early versions of the game
it uh in later versions as long as there were two members of the wagon party 200 pounds could be
carried back and then later versions you could actually have different hunting environments
so you could hunt in the snow or the grass and the overhunting of animals would result
in a scarcer game and it would reduce the number of animals that would appear later on in the game
so it did teach a bit of conservatism you know um you could die in the game well
by you i mean all of your family uh they could die of various diseases like
measles snakebite dysentery typhoid cholera and exhaustion and in later versions um
you could have a funeral if the environment allowed you to have a funeral and you could
write a tombstone um but you still couldn't have a viking funeral which sucks but you could write
this person blew donkey goats or you know donkey balls or something on their tombstone and that
was always great you could uh you actually had a score you had um an unscaled number of points
that was for each remaining family member weighed by party health um your possessions and your cash
on hand one point per dollar and then you would have a difficulty scaler so it was it was kind
of interesting but you know now there's been of course all kinds of clones um mecc did uh the
yukon trail and the amazon trail and of course we know you have died of dysentery is on a number of
t-shirts and memorabilia i have a you have died of dysentery sure i have to say this real quick
though because the whole tombstone thing one of the big features was that not only would you fill
out your tombstone you know putting like pepperoni and sausage or whatever you want to put on your
tombstone right that what would happen is that when other people play the game their wagon would
come through and it might say like there is a tombstone here do you want to stop and look
and you would see like you know the tombstone of whoever had played before you it was like
that was me versus circa 1983 but then you know you know kids kids did all sorts of dumb shit
right so like you know we would be there and we would walk up and we'd do you want to see the
tombstone yes and it would come up and it would say you know teacher name is a fag or whatever it
would say there because you know unfortunately uh years ago it was okay to say those things
but um you know that's that's that's what kids did in school play the oregon trail and write
obscene things on the tombstones there were uh of course all different types of parodies that
were done for promotional tools there was uh the one that fool did in 20 what
do you friend i'm new here nothing i'm making you sound like um mutley i'm reading a little bit
okay because i find it funny the act deaf is like i've never played the oregon trail and then like
miss shame you know it's like act deaf dude well you know i know i know she said it with
tongue in cheek but i just laughing because i'm like well he's mexican of course he's
never played the oregon trail well they didn't play that in school for other uh uh different
types of uh alterations made in the game for marketing fallout boy did the fallout boy trail
so um there was a game loft did the updated version for cell phones um for ipod uh touch
and iphone and those that were have been on the app store since march 11 2009 various other
versions came out and basically the cell phone version is very similar but you have three
different wagons you have the basic wagon a prairie schooner or a conestoga wagon and you
can be a banker a carpenter or a farmer um of course there were there's a facebook version
uh then there's the oregon trail and it was released by the men who wear many hats
and it's basically trying to uh survive the zombie apocalypse so uh there you go
have you played the oregon trail no that game is funny i am not you have to check that out
so i i think that the the version that i found the video for is really funny because you start
off as this enthusiastic girl narrating the story and i'm like bitch you're gonna die you're gonna
be the first to get dysentery or drink the cholera infested waters this version that we're looking
this version that we're looking at here is like one of those classic cheesy 90 cd-rom games
like classic like i'm expecting the sim city anchor woman to come up on screen any minute now
those 90s uh cd-rom games are so cheesy that i like when people give me links in the chat room
that i cannot check on my phone there was there was also one it's not the oregon trail but it was
a um it was kind of like a mini game type version of the oregon trail that was on steam um i don't
remember the name that might be what they're linking to it's not the oregon trail but there's
one that's pretty funny it's just like you know you're just shooting everything throughout the
whole thing nice just guns everywhere i just can't remember what it's called because i have 240 some
games in here all right uh we're gonna take a break we're running kind of long tonight so uh
at least we're giving you a nice big episode here before we take a week off so we're gonna take a
break super amazing wagon adventure that's what it was there you go uh we're gonna take a break
uh when we come back there's plenty more orange launch ready to come we've got your calls at
one eight seven seven game olr our username on skype orange launch radio we have the frugal
question of the week and more news news on things like oculus uh minecraft and magic 2015 we got
news on all that and more when we come back after this with more of orange launch radio don't go
anywhere welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this july the 6th of 2014 with our
559th episode already in progress uh we're gonna get to some rapid fire news here shortly um i
thought i'd ask though loki we're not gonna be here live next week so you know as we told the
listeners earlier since dark soccer and i are gonna be at gamer x i know you mentioned you're
gonna be in san francisco with the uh kids uh at the aquarium but what are you gonna do with
your night off it's not it's not every week you get a night off here at olr it's never really a
night off you just have to work at your other job of being a parent huh yeah all right i'll probably
get dragged to anelli's parents house and then i'll entertain josh which is a 24-7 well i thought
you might get to at least play maybe one more video game than you usually would or uh no i'm
still gonna be working on shayer stuff i still have to figure out how to exactly implement my
you know shane will still be here because he has the whole work thing he couldn't get out
of it for gamer x so uh you know you just come over and hang no i already told i already told
her that i'm already not done so yeah you didn't think ahead no i did it's just it's it's not fair
you're an honest man she already posted something like i have it was she has like frosty in her eye
and i'm like what how the hell did you get frosty in your eye and how is that my fault again i'm
sorry i don't understand what are you doing with frosty in the first place because i did not
realize there was going to be frosting related things happening now i now i have a craving for
cupcakes damn you loki but uh so i i don't know that's probably what i'm gonna be doing just
working on i mean i i probably will end up going to her parents house i wish i could stay home
maybe maybe i can convince her that i could stay home and nap because that would be nice but um
i don't know i'm gonna work on it during the week that's why i do my lunch nowadays because
there you go nobody that played games with me works with me anymore and uh our game room's gone
and uh it's kind of sad but i'm glad you're speaking of which i will be i will be ebaying
most of my gaming related stuff uh from our game room on ebay so look for xbox 360 and playstation
3 systems oh nice so i got playstation 3 160 gig systems that are they are pretty much brand new
the box got beat up and that's it oh do you have any ps3s or ps2 compatible no damn that's just
my original one at home but no these are all 160 gig systems they're the first redesign all right
so uh so hopefully i'll be putting that up and then um whatever else i have i have a lot of
crap at my desk and i need it it all needs to go so uh we'll see i'll be auctioning some of
that stuff just to make some extra money because uh because i'm broke okay maybe maybe i see that's
the other thing too is maybe i'll just trade that stuff in the game shop or something for uh
playstation 4 and uh there you go xbox one or wii u or something um so there's that option too because
i know one time they were giving you 100 bucks for playstation 3 well be careful because it's
gonna keep going down and down and down so you gotta figure out what you're gonna do yeah sorry
uh anyway quickly speaking of cons dark soccer i know you used to go to this comedy you haven't
been in a while but i think this past weekend i believe i heard anime expo had its big weekend it
sounded like registration was a freaking mess when has it not been a freaking mess why can't
why can't conventions figure out their registration lines what is what is up with that
the understaff and overbook all right well the story fingers crossed the gamer x will not have
that problem but i suppose just turned to crap last year it went very well the gamer x registration
went very well last year but getting in on the thursday night really really helps with that so
um let's see uh i want to quickly give a shout out to another program on the network as well
the voice geeks network vog network.com uh saturday nights on the network is when understation
live can be heard understation live a very very very long running program because uh well travis
one of the hosts is very very very old just kidding love you travis uh they are going to be back
after their short hiatus on july 12th so i just want to give them a shout out and encourage y'all
to check them out if you uh if you like your uh very random sci-fi chatter that is very
it's the type of show that you can really only do in the internet environment that vog has and it's
it's a lot of fun and very kind of like family uh entertainment so check that out i don't mean
family friendly dysfunctional family yes exactly i mean like dysfunctional family exactly exactly
love it but that's where dark soccer and i got our starts so i just want to give them a shout out
okay rapid fire news we got a lot of ground to cover we got to keep things moving so we have
plenty of time for calls so let's get to it loki some rapid fire news okay so this is kind of neat
because i didn't even know that this worked as it was wired now i guess wirelessly but apparently
the dualshock 4 controllers work with the playstation 3 which that's totally news to me
because i totally miss that um but yeah they have a brand new ps3 firmware update that now allows
you to wirelessly sync your dualshock 4 controller with your playstation 3 so for me that's a good
reason to get dualshock 4 because i only have a playstation 3 right now but i didn't know that
that worked so that's pretty sweet um so yeah and i guess um if you do sync it to your playstation
remember you're gonna also have to re-sync it to your playstation 4 but that's just as easy as
connecting it with a usb cable and pushing you know a button i'm excited about this i love the
ps4 controller yeah so that's really cool it's great um they don't have it where you can use the
playstation 3 controllers on the playstation 4 do they i don't believe so playstation 3 wouldn't
have the touchpad either which is kind of an essential you actually have to click that that
you actually have to click that that that replaces because there's the share button
the uh the tapping the touchpad replaces like what used to be the back back or select button that
replaces it well they could just emulate that they could have you know left side of that is
starred or left side is you know back or whatever um we'll see i think oh they actually that's
exactly what they do in a ps now so they do they do have a setup for it now that you mentioned so
that'd be kind of cool if they had that option but i i they wouldn't want to probably you know
cannibalize their playstation controller sales but very true it would be nice you know if they
had that um they had a special grand theft auto um patch this week that was a free update the
independence day special included a bunch of cool stuff including american fly t-shirts
uh mullet haircut for females and a fireworks launcher also um a giant monster truck that you
can buy um in game what's also cool is they have the option to buy fireworks and actually set up
your own fireworks show you can actually set timers on each one and you know launch fireworks
which was really cool um apparently though that's only going to be well at least the fireworks part
is only going to be limited to this week um which is very disappointing because that sounds really
cool i wish they would just open that back up but maybe they'll be just like there was snow at
winter maybe that something they're gonna add each year or something just to kind of keep it
fresh but uh that's really cool and you can download that for free so check it out and then
uh last but not least there's another oculus rift demo now for uh south park and it looks like
that they've just basically taken the south park stick of truth um environment and also uh just
threw like some characters in there and stuff but pretty cool looking you can wander around
south park and just kind of get the look there you can even go in the hell and um i don't know
it's a neat idea although at least not as terrible as south park 64 there is that all right uh some
other quick news uh this is unfortunate about mario kart 8 you know for such a stellar wii u
game that has a pretty great online system it was really only a matter of time before as they say
hackers gonna hack and uh some youtube folks uh have published a youtube that show how to hack
mario kart 8 uh they're saying well i don't think it shows everything they're just saying it's a
proof of concept for now but basically using a browser exploit they can make moo moo meadows
play the final lap music immediately or make it play no music at all uh they can rename things
like they rename moo moo meadows to shitty luck course they can corrupt the font they can crash
the wii u and alter the wii u menu fonts unfortunately the the thing about this is that
these exploits could lead to online cheats and i'm hearing that some of that is being spotted as well
that folks are able to cheat online hopefully nintendo will patch it and put the ban hammer on
this quick now that they have a system capable of patching uh because the wii u can do that for
games hopefully they will clamp that down and uh fix that it's not even with the games though it's
with the internet browser yes on the wii u so yeah but they could still patch out the exploit
in the game yeah so all right and uh this was mentioned earlier during the release days dates
but uh just to make sure we all know qbert rebooted is a thing and that is happening it's
coming out on mobile and steam uh qbert hasn't been seen in a while unless you caught his cameo
in wreck it ralph but qbert was that little orange fuzzball with a very long nose that used
to say a string of punctuation when he would fall to the bottom and little known thing back in the
day those old arcade machines actually had a little like device that when qbert would hit the bottom
it would make a very loud thud it would actually make like this big clamp uh a sound of a sandbag
hitting the bottom or something but anyway uh and then qbert would say a bunch of punctuation which
we all know was just fuck you know like what i usually say when i die like really easy cheaply
in a game like that anyhow now you can say swear words all over again with qbert on steam and
mobile devices it will have the isometric gameplay of the original arcade game uh in a 2d pixel style
and a 3d hd overhaul think kind of what pac-man and some other arcade remakes have had so uh
should be interesting hopefully it's not too overpriced uh mighty number nine
uh the company that was developing mighty number name cons concept usa which as you all know this
is inafune's pet project that's basically mega man without saying mega man right this is the
whole like screw you for not bringing any regular mega man games here is what we're going to do uh
anyway uh concept has announced now a new second paypal funding campaign to cover new stretch
goals for mighty number nine uh a 100 000 target for english voice acting uh the update that
concerns this whole drive is that anything collected in this new effort is only going to
be used to address new features the original donation toll is still dedicated to the original
game and the first round of stretch goals which um it's very interesting that english voice acting
was not considered in the original but you know i suppose usually the english voice acting turns
out terrible anyway so um not always uh anyhow um you can do that on paypal a 23 pre-order will
basically be a digital pre-order but there are other bonuses as well uh there's also a animated
series coming out of this there's lots and lots of lots of new stretch goals so there you go dark
sakura we have some stuff um what's uh coming up for one thing is that namco bandai has uh
going to be doing a uh a racing game called project cars that's uh actually done by slightly
mad studios it's going to be um for xbox one ps4 pc and steam os and it's supposed to also uh
you know there's the same group that did need for speed shift so hopefully we should see this uh
before too long so it's also going to be one of the first morpheus games that come out um one of
my stories didn't load it's also a kick-started game as well um and there was supposed to be a
weu version as well of that um should be should be interesting because uh it looks fantastic
um and the fact that they finally got a publisher because i know for a while there they didn't have
anybody um pretty exciting to see something like that come out since it's it looks to be
the same caliber of like a gran turismo or forza um other uh good actually this uh
is that a shovel knight is going to have butt mode yeah um basically will it friend your butt
yeah well basically if you enter w s w w a e a w as your name then um you uh all mentions for
a bunch of recurring words shovel knight health magic are replaced with butt so and this is i
think supposed to be on all the versions so like of all heroes none shown broader than butt butt
and shield butt butts that's funny yeah lol butts uh was that other thing able to come up if not
i'll jump in here no it brought up a story from uh last week don't all right let me uh i'll jump
in here real quick and mention because i definitely want to give a shout out to um
good news and gamers doing good and i know we have a lot of fans of these summer games
that was covered last week i think i think we talked about that it was going on but we didn't
talk about their final tally all right for this so but i've got the story up then okay go for it
i just thought it was old no um so basically uh the summer games done quick uh gaming marathon
raised over 700 000 for doctors without borders uh last week so very good for them
that basically means that a combined total of more than 2.75 million were raised for charities
all right and oh well if we covered that twice because that's it's good to cover it that's right
all right uh let's see and there will be a matter of time before the winter games or the official
awesome games dumb quick uh happens and then we'll cover that one three times just to just
to make up for it all right uh finally rob huh but lol but uh let's go to the frugal question
of the week you take facebook you take google plus you slam those words together you get frugal
it's
every week we ask a question of our social media communities and we read some of our favorite
answers on the air and this week we asked uh have you seen this whole story about the Denny's and
Atari thing and be honest has there been any of these video game commercials that you've actually
enjoyed as a sort of guilty pleasure be honest we won't judge you even if it's yaris and then
i put a little footnote we actually might judge you a little bit for yours so let's see what what
commercial sponsored games will our fans admit to actually liking a little bit and starting right
off tech 2030 says a little shame to admit i actually like the yaris video game on xbox 360
it was simple but addictive covers head with paper bag and you should feel ashamed
yeah well that that look of silence is you being judged right now
thank you for your honesty i appreciate it all right um let's see becky m replies and said my
guilty pleasure is yo noid the nintendo game that featured the noid character from dominos pizza
commercials uh febreeze a replies and said the doritos games on xbox live were amazing
dark tetsuya says i still have sneak king on the xbox which was fun albeit creepy as heck though
i think my favorite of these was spot on the nes a puzzle or board game starring the old seven
up mascot i think he did that for a classic game of the week cool spot was awesome and sneak king
the only game i can think of that actually was a hybrid game that both the xbox and xbox 360
versions were on the same disc that's right played in both systems why they didn't do that more
often especially with some of those games that were pretty close to each other yeah it was beyond
me uh let's see critical myth also green sneak king was hilarious especially when you realize
that the king was an uber stalker and that was supposed to be quote good advertising uh renee
replies and says not just yo noid in the dominos tie-in but i also enjoyed mckids hell of a
platformer despite the obvious tie-in andy r says motorstorm rc on the vita comes to mind
i'd forgot about this one that was a that was like uh iron man off-road racing from the pizza
parlors back in the day that game was cool uh andy r also says the game wasn't great but it was free
in the u.s thanks to the advertisement promotion which is a price i can get behind uh burr says
cool spot was actually a pretty decent platformer with impressive graphics for its time i really
enjoyed playing through that one of my amiga 500 ospher says remember when burger king gave us a
code to let us unlock memories for ddr extreme on the playstation 2 us version it was a while
after the game's release too that's right and that that was like a year after the game was that was
crazy yeah it was one of those things where they knew that the song was in there but there was it
was locked and they thought it was just like oh this is just something that they left on there
but they didn't really you know utilize it yeah and then come to find out oh there is actually a
lock code there yep yep uh nemesis 47 replied and said there was the ronald mcdonald game on
the sega genesis which was enjoyable and also sonic 3 fruit roll-ups anyone uh degener johnny
says to be completely honest the one commercial game i keep close to my heart is the seven up
spot game for the sega genesis to this day it still ranks as one of the most enjoyable
platformers i've ever played by the way where is that little guy that's a good question whatever
happened to spot i guess all the best advertising you know things go away after a while though it'll
come back in 20 years it's just like no one remembers the california raisins and they had
you know that game too i will always i will always remember the where's the beef lady i mean i
understand she probably died or something but you know a long time ago but where's the beef that was
the she was wondering where the beef was because only the beef would have saved her life the beef
unfortunately contained the cure for her uh illness and she never found it so she died all
right uh hitstun says yo noid was random and bad and i loved it everything everyone and everything
are trying to kill the dominos pizza mascot or make them lose a card game the game requires
throwing a yo-yo at random places to find invisible items that you needed to survive it would have
been nearly as interesting if it starred a masked ninja with a bird all right and uh lastly going
over to google plus and looking some of the answers over there appletainment replies and says
to be honest as i sit here sit being my heineken while listening to the new coldplay cd i abhor
product placement in all of its forms i avoid product placement similar to how i avoid the noid
i can even think i can't even think of any good or bad product placement in games especially the
new mirror's edge coming in time for the future that answer reminded me of that one scene from
wayne's world that's exactly right i will not bow down to corporate sponsorship uh and lastly
act dev says probably the burger king games and the doritos games on xbox though there are a few
games on mobile devices that are fun enough as well uh quickly going around the room any um
commercial based games that you enjoyed i like the burger king games i'm very sad they never came out
with they're supposed to be doing more with connect yeah like what the hell um then they
also checks quest because that was pretty awesome i just got a text message from our buddy jason who
i believe is stuck in traffic in the bay area right now who said checks quest uh so that's
awesome and then uh i did like cool spot cool spot was one of my favorite games uh dark sakura did you
have a commercially sponsored game that you admit was a guilty pleasure not really i thought you
liked the spot game no oh all right um yeah i actually really didn't have too many of the
sponsored games i just i'm trying to think and no i don't really think i did i was a big fan
of sneak king that would have been my answer but some of the chatters uh beat me to it alan's here
hi alan hello what do you want to say just submit all right submit so does it have to be a game
specifically put out by a product company or just can it be a real game with all that also
had the sponsors sure a real game that has sponsors why not crazy taxi is an amazing game
and that had real stuff in it pizza hut kfc and what else that that was uh the the offspring
yeah well no that was just licensed music but i mean like take me to p take me to pizza hut like
the the people it was a part of the game yeah that's a good answer i could vote for um crazy
taxi didn't they take that out of some versions like later on they didn't they would just say take
me to pizza or something or they'd just say take me to the hut yeah they were just generic
also take me to the shoe store because of when this happened and just how it was so weird but
space quest 5 um which was only done by one of the two guys from andromeda the sierra online game
space quest 5 had in it it was mostly a star trek parody uh because you were the captain of a junk
ship and whenever you pulled up the comm screen like in star trek when they talked to the guy in
the window there would be a switch to sprint and the sprint logo for real like they paid for that
placement and it's like and this was like 91 or 92 so this was i want to say it was groundbreaking
but it was like what is going on wasn't that back when like murphy brown was doing sprint commercials
yes and it was the weirdest thing and it's a perfectly good point and click adventure game but
sprint the phone company was in space quest 5 whatever happened to candice bergen it was
random thought and then in space quest 6 when they brought back the um announcer from laughing
if you try to click on like the edge of a bridge that's broken um if you want to like try and jump
across it it's like no no and uh you have to you have to do a walking jump because in this game
you can't switch to sprint so they referenced the previous that there was sprint sponsorship in five
and six wow that's those are some good answers alan i'm glad you popped in here game you're welcome
i run away now all right bye until you hear something else you want to comment on see alan
has the luxury when he wants to comment on the show he doesn't have to try to get my attention
in chat room he just walks in here i got something to say but we do we do love you guys too at our
chat room live dot vog network dot com oh thank god somebody got my murphy brown reference thank
you mega man 400 my buddy from video game realness which you're going to be missed this weekend my
friend all right uh which also reminds me to say i not only i hope you all had a happy fourth but
a happy canada day belated to all our canadian friends because that was what monday so all right
uh that was day the first oh tuesday so i i got my calendar all made jeez rob i know it was the
first one would think you didn't live in canada well actually i have a really funny story about
when i went to canada for the fourth of july yet we found ourselves there on canada day but i'll
have to tell that another week because we're running long all right uh let's get back into
some gaming news loki all right um so the oculus um they of course are been sending out dev kits
and you know uh there's dev kit 2 coming right around the corner in fact i think they started
shipping that but they had to suspend sales of dev kit 2 actually to china the reason being is
that they've had an extreme reseller um purchasing problems in china and so they're just flipping the
over there to make a quick buck and they're basically saying no we need to make sure that
we're doing what we can to make sure that um resellers that are looking to flip our product
for profit are not taking stock away from legitimate developer purchases globally our
product in its current form is development kit and meant for developers to develop vr content and
we're looking into alternative ways to make sure that our development kits are gained to legitimate
developer hands in china and because of that now we're forced to suspend an entire country
from purchasing i'll let you put two and two togethers um so i don't know in other words
we're gonna make sure that bobby blackwolf's uh oculus development kit does not end up in china
on a shady street corner it is kind of lame that they're doing that um that sucks for the legit
people but piracy is crazy in other countries well there's even people like just legit just
reselling the original kits and i'm sure a lot more are going to be doing that now that
you know the dev kit 2 is coming out but i'm sure there's going to be a lot of people just
even all over the country buying that stuff but you know not in bulk i think that's a good
question hey bobby i know he's in our chat room because bobby's commenting on this saying they
haven't started chipping yet i'm in the first batch here this is a good question for bobby
what are you going to do with your dev kit 1 when you get dev kit 2 i don't know well bobby's also
the type he's probably keeping it he's like i'm gonna have them both um but i'd be curious what
a lot of people out there are doing with their dev kit ones i wonder if those are the things
that are going to end up you know it's it's got it's like how um uh you know like the biggest
buyers of like used iphones are people in other countries where they don't have iphones officially
you know so i wonder it would be kind of fun to have one just to mess around with but yeah
i mean i don't know i don't want to spend that kind of money yet yeah you got you got you have
to finish your 2d game first before you can start on your technically in 3d yeah you have to finish
that first before you get to your he says he's keeping it he said he said that in chat he's
keeping it yeah all right i had a feeling knowing bobby he he likes to demo that stuff too so he
would get used to having two of them but i bet there's a lot of people out there that are going
to unload their dev kit ones so all right um going back to uh some more news and uh i know
this is a game that uh loki loves a lot although i don't know if you play this version of it
minecraft pocket edition i have pocket edition i just don't play it uh pocket edition is of course
the one that's uh on the ios and android and uh i think they have it in some other places too
uh did the uya get the pocket edition no they they advertised that they were going to be getting that
but they never did they never did all right well anyway um a huge update coming for minecraft
pocket edition it's going to be launching on thursday was that thursday this past week or
this coming thursday i think that was uh this coming thursday minecraft pocket edition 0.9.0
and this version will feature infinite worlds that's a big one caves new blocks and items
including monster eggs and huge mushroom blocks wolves where you can tame a loyal companion loads
of new flowers uh new mobs including endermen and mushrooms new biomes from the pc version mesas
jungle swamps and extreme hills abandoned mine shafts villages and other cool places again that
sounds like it's from pc uh an interaction button so you'll never accidentally punch a sheep again
uh and there'll be a new new feature generation including lakes vines and monster rooms and of
course the ever popular bug fixes so if you are uh and this thing still sells like crazy on the
ios like the itunes yeah it's good that they're getting it up to that same level yeah and i mean
if you buy one of these you know uh you google tv you know the android tv or i think you can
sideload in newia but the version that they had available didn't have controller support so that's
why i could never get it to work although that was supposed to be coming so i don't know if that
has been added in there at some point i hope it does because i can't play that game on the
touch screen it just it's not fun at all yeah and they did they had a version with controller
support for the um what was it the expiria play but they never ported that stuff over to the
regular pocket edition which is kind of lame are they still planning on the whole uh playstation
4 version will bring in the playstation 3 worlds yeah they're still doing that they just haven't
released the play or have they released the playstation no i believe it's on deck for
july or august so i think it's excuse me pick up it's soon it's around the corner yeah because
they're going to have the via version coming out also in the xbox one version i'm sure they're
going to disc based versions for all those as well um i'm interested to see what they do with it i
it's been so long since i played minecraft and i feel bad about it because i'm still paying for
the server and it's just like i understand you got yeah well it's just like you know i
it's hard to get people playing all the time you know uh if i opened it up publicly maybe
but then that then you have to maintain you have to deal with trolls and who knows what
well there's ways around that but it's just yeah it's tough all right well let's move on
with some more news dark sakura well we do actually have more news isn't that great
yeah this one has to do with uh magic 2015 as in magic the gathering oh raginator will be happy
which is why i picked this uh um basically wizard of the coast is uh getting together with 14
different video game special people um to do magic 2015 duels of the plains walker
and magic 2015 core um these are going to be uh cards that are done by george fan as in plants
versus zombies notch um rob pardo world of warcraft uh richard gariat for ultima a few
others so they're going to be doing these uh card designs and there's going to be spirit bonds by
justin gary wall of essence by israel cartwright chasm skulker by mike newman master of predicaments
there's basically a bunch of them on here my favorite is goblin kaboomist
because i used to have a goblin deck that makes me laugh sorry this whole story is making me
snicker because i realized we just had a missed opportunity to do a list list here with card i
would put in magic 2015 maybe in a future week because i was thinking oh they have all these
celebrity designers but i don't see dark sakura doing a card for magic 2015 but mox mox prism what
if she could tap to win the game bored yeah tap the wing game board uh wouldn't that be the
wouldn't that be what the notch card would do is you tap this card to throw all the cards up in the
air and quit table flip card to win game or to be done at least all right uh go to the chat room
over at live.vog network.com dark tetsuya says i saw richard garriott's card it even references
the avatar from the ultima series well that's pretty cool i like those little little references
to a classic gaming's past especially a series as legendary as ultima all right loki oh thank
god ubisoft is uh managed to uh come out victorious against a lawsuit a patent lawsuit against them
you play apparently a company or a digital a company that held the patent digital regs
of texas um which i'm trying to see what the patent actually was called you know because
it's always something very generic uh i guess uh was it remotely tracking access to software after
distribution post distribution security and other typical functions of digital rights management
software um of course they had various numerous reasons among them that you know i guess an
agreement between digital reg and valve covering third-party use drm or something whatever i'm just
sad that it did actually end up going through because now uplay's gotta still be there and
uplay sucks they do really try to shove that you play thing down people's throats stop trying to
make it work no one wants you play it's not the worst thing in the world actually i like the fact
that it kind of has the synergy between all the different games but the problem that ends up
happening is that then every company wants that and things get so fragmented it's like what's
starting to happen to netflix everybody's pulling their crap off netflix because hbo wants to do
their own thing and you know these other companies want to do their own thing and it's like when
things get super fragmented then it's just like oh fuck this this isn't worth it anymore i'm not
going to sign up here here here there needs to be a centralized thing that's that's the only thing
i i problem i have with uplay but i liked that you know i could get achievements or do things in one
game and i could get a reward somewhere else like trying out assassin's creed and getting a few
points there could unlock a song and just dance or something like that that was i gotta think
though that that could still be accomplished through like steam or something i mean there's
gotta be the way to check to see if you have an achievement or something of another game true i
would think i mean i at least there should be a way to do that but then they can't get your email
address and track you and oh target ads all right uh hey a twitch app may be coming big rumor may
be coming to the 3ds and the playstation vita hold on this doesn't mean you're going to be able to
stream your games um but in a recent interview the co of twitch kevin lin said that the company
would like to bring the twitch application to the 3ds and playstation vita however it would
only be for viewing this by the way following comments from reggie fees may at e3 that twitch
wouldn't come to the wii u because they don't think that streaming 30 minutes of gameplay by
itself is a lot of fun so it's because the wii u can't handle it which we all know is really the
case and we you can and he can't come up there and say yeah we'd love to do that bar systems
underpowered and we can't handle that he can't say that but he really should have just more stuck
to the you know well we've chosen to go with youtube and we think that mario kart 8 looks
great on youtube and people are having a lot of fun with this and and look at the angry luigi
meme that meme that came out of this like that that like you don't have to dog what's happening
with twitch because again like honestly ironically nintendo at e3 kind of mastered the twitch game
like they got a lot of people really interested in their shit and a big part of that is because
of the twitch and you see a lot of people really commending them for hey you know what was awesome
about nintendo nintendo like showed actual fucking games at e3 and the games that were in motion they
didn't show cgi packaged things or these pre-packaged demos like they showed the real
stuff and they put that out there so it's it's kind of weird that reggie would say something
like that when like nintendo actually has a lot they can gain from twitch but i understand if the
wii u technologically can't stream the whole twitch thing like the xbox 360 and the xbox one
can well let's focus on what it can do the mario kart 8 stuff on youtube was was pretty cool you
know and surprised the hell out of me honestly you guys all know when i first talked about mario kart
8 i was like welcome to online nintendo and it is good very very good so all right anyway um
let's move on are we are we just about to the mailbag i think we are it's that time where we're
going to open up the mailbag because you guys send us emails every week at mailbag at orange
lounge radio dot com dark soccer is going to dive into the email bag did i say the wrong address i
did didn't i sorry participate at orange laundry i'm not so much diving as much as just flipping
with my toe dipping a toe in participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send us an email
i might have to try activating the old account and set up a forward or something
so that all of the spam going to the old one before hopefully it's it's all bounced now and
it's gone but we'll we'll see i don't know it's never gone yeah that's true it's never gone
participate at orange on twitter.com is the place to send us an email uh and you can participate
with the show and dark soccer will read the emails right now hello lr while traveling to and from the
too many games convention in the philly area last weekend i listened to last last week's show rob
you're welcome if ever there's a sequel to bungee ferret toss uh tossing i will ask you and others
for even more cat pictures oh this is cyyr speaking of bft i was hoping to port it to unity
over the next year destination steam the hardest part will be figuring out a control configuration
that matches the precision and flexibility of an xbox 360 controller but also works with a keyboard
and mouse i do have a few ideas and i'll be working on it so wait do we just like kind of
sort of get confirmation that bungee ferret tossing is planned for steam not that it's
happening but it's planned hmm you guys were talking about the current dismal state of konami
and there is one thing you guys missed bimani is still a significant portion of their business model
they are still running 2dx ddr pop music and guitar alongside their newer releases
jubit um reflect beat sound voltex booth and dance evolution arcade all of those games are current
and regularly updated with new songs and unlocks true none of it is on home consoles and none of
it is officially in america with the exception of some ios versions but neither of those markets
seem viable right now so i don't blame them is this the majority of konami's business heck no
but it's obviously significantly enough to be a measurable part of their bottom line and seriously
if you haven't already you guys should take a day trip to sunnyvale and try out ddr 2013 it's pretty
fantastic i didn't realize they had that around here um i think they're getting that actually at
scandia soon i want to say that they're i thought that they were upgrading to that it wouldn't
surprise me because they have a lot of other stuff at scandia but um i i i do it's kind of one of
those things where it's like okay i i get that point and i respect that viewpoint and everything
but it's still it's very hard to sit here after we kind of had that whole peak of ddr in this
hey you know what i was like disappeared i i will take a playstation 4 xbox one game
that's in japan because you can import that shit and it's region free so that's fine i will take
that but we're not gonna see it even like a dance evolution game or something i don't know it's very
frustrating i just kind of feel like it still feels so small compared to what it could or
should have been i don't know that's where my frustrations come from and i realize they're
still making it but how big is it really but maybe bigger in japan than it is here
and my perspective is screwed i don't know but i will say i still see more konami slot machines
than i do you know ddr machines anymore i too limit the lack of any ridge racer developed by
namco proper and i'm really disappointed that neither the xbox one nor the ps4 have a ridge
racer game at lunch heck the ps4 is the first Sony console ever not to have one and that's
counting both psp and vita i think that handling the franchise handing the franchise off to a third
party was a mistake the vita version was poorly handled and i worried that ridge will join f0 as
a prize he had ignored racing franchise i i hope it doesn't happen because six and seven were at
least in my opinion absolutely the highest point of the series loaded to the brim with the amazing
course design and lightning fast action namco does better than anyone else this goes out to loki as
well as anyone who wants to to program anything ever i may not be a pro i may have only developed
a handful of games but i wholeheartedly believe in the 80 20 rule you'll spend 80 of your programming
time on 20 of the result and vice versa a lot of it is spent on the things your players won't see
or fixing things or figuring out how to do things or just figuring out that everything really does
take three times longer than you expected yep that's about right three times is actually a very
accurate estimate and this really is the truth if you are seriously working on a game you don't
really have time to actually play much of anything but it's all part of the game no pun intended and
anyone passionate about creating green games will agree that's well worth it keep fighting that good
fight aaron yyr thank you for the very good email lots and lots of points in that email and i agree
with what he said about ridge racer i really hope it doesn't go the way of f0 and uh you know
disappear although i guess we had word that bandai namco is developing something else in
the racing area it's just they're not developing they're publishing oh yeah very good point you're
right very important distinction and not the same thing it's a cool looking game i mean it's
absolutely amazing dan's gonna probably have to pick it up because it looks fantastic but uh
i don't know uh bobby blackwolf in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com says speaking of f0
i did play an oculus rift demo full game on kickstarter which is an f0 slash wipeout style
racer it was really good in vr mode oh my gosh i would think a game that fast would make me barf
on oculus maybe not i mean maybe they've they've toned it down or it's not as bad as i think it is
but uh that might be too much speed for vr it might be a bit much all right uh let us uh since
that's it for emails sadly but you should email us participate at orangelandtrady.com if you want
to be heard on a future week but now would be the time that we do the FUs of the week
um fu 2 last minute prop making for cosplays and uh aerosol paint
i've been there but it was costuming for stage shows so i feel your pain fu to the fact that
i don't have any cosplay at all for gamer x i'm going to be so uncool i really need to fix that
for game or for uh dragon con but fu to the fact that i'll probably need to lose about 20 pounds
first um and fu my my real real fu i wanted to do is if you did the fact that i slept wrong on my
back or something earlier this week and like my back has been hurting for like a week straight
it's getting better but it's just like one of those like oh it hurts it keeps me like somebody's
poking me poke poke poke poke poke stop it you're annoying stop poking me logan uh just after you've
been tired because even when i slept today he's made me more tired now's a great time to start
drinking coffee i oh yeah you got red bull all right yeah that's right you don't fuck around
all right still doesn't help uh yeah i wouldn't be conscious if it wasn't for that so yeah it's
it's uh it does help all right just a few more stories for you guys then we're going to take
your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR our username on skype orange lounge radio if you do want to call i'm
going to warn you i'm not going to have it open for very very long so uh don't be shy make sure
you get through um but but first we still have two stories before we get there so uh loki so
when would you think they would announce the reveal the new doom game
well everyone thought quake con and yeah it's gonna be a quake on so uh july 17th you'll see
you'll get the first look at doom and um yeah is this like doom reboot this is the brand new doom
game yeah it's you know the one that they have the beta test for in wolfenstein new order yeah
yeah oh right right um i didn't pick up that game so so yeah cool i mean i don't know um
hard to say much more until we actually see it right i mean yeah doom is gonna be doom
um i'm curious to see who's actually doing it if it's actually id software or if they're kind of
outsourcing it like they did with uh wolfenstein newer because wolfenstein newer i hear is pretty
good yeah so um it'd be interesting to kind of see what it looks like all right well it's a
classic series that you know we've been waiting for a new title in for a very long time what there
hasn't been one since this would be doom 4 right uh so what doom 3 was xbox era right so i remember
owning that on xbox yeah it's xbox pc and then they did the hd remasters of those yeah um so
it's been a while all right well um i think this hopefully it's not as terrible as quake
4 because quake 4 not so good this is very interesting because uh there's a game on
uya called chess 2 and uh it will it does not have a synchronous multiplayer it used to
but what happened is that microsoft issued a court order this recently uh that is levied against the
game's dns management service um this is interesting microsoft apparently seized
22 of the domains from this no ip dns service that chest 2 ran because there was evidence of malware
creators distributing harmful software from the subdomains yeah i think it's just they are just
cutting the collateral damage of that it wasn't oh yeah i'm not saying chest 2 is the cause of this
but it just because of what's going on over here chest 2 got impacted with this so uh very
interesting but just in case you didn't know microsoft does have a cyber crime division and
they do work with law enforcement when there's uh like botnet driven internet attacks that happen
so yeah chess 2 did come out for the uya in january it is scheduled for a release on the ipad
and pc versions via steam no word if this is going to set it back at all if they're going to have to
figure something out there so we'll see what happens with chess 2 and if they can get it
back online now here's my question about chess 2 is it is it just chess or do they like actually
like i think there's things i think there's some like tweaks to it um i've i looked at it briefly
but i think there's actually tweaks to it that changed the way it's played very interesting uh
tiger claw on chat says i use the no ip service they have a free domain service well you might
want to look into this this might be a little bit a little bit alarming but i guess um i guess the
ceo of no ip says quote we have been throwing everything we have at getting you back online
with the light least possible delay for legal reasons we have been restricted from reaching
out to you but we simply cannot stay quiet any longer we are very close to a resolution and
we'll update you with more information as soon as we can like chess 2 the sequel is what it's called
it says compare the chess chess 2 relies much less on memorizing openings and more on positional play
there are fewer draws and uh the asymmetric gameplay with multiple matchups keeps the game
fresh and interesting that's kind of cool that somebody although part of this kind of reminds
me of what was that movie this is really cheesy comedy where they were putting on hamlet 2
where the guy was like called hamlet 2 oh was that oh the movie was called hamlet 2 okay yeah
i'm just thinking of demolition i'm not demolition man um last action hero and hamlet's taking out
the trash not to be uh hamlet 2 was one of those like really stupid funny movies where they had
like rock me sexy jesus and all this i don't even remember like why jesus was in hamlet but he was
anyway all right uh 1877 game olr or a username on skype orange launch radio the skype line is
open now wasn't that different movie though no rock me sexy jesus was hamlet 2 was it
it was and like elizabeth shu wasn't it playing herself it was so random like i don't even think
it was released in theaters it was like direct to dvd anyway we're talking way too much about
this old ass movie that nobody's seen uh 1877 game olr our username on skype orange launch radio if
you want to give us a call and talk about yeah practically anything we've talked about tonight
it wasn't hamlet 2 yeah okay i told you all right yeah introduce i'm like reading the synopsis here
real quick i think it was actually in theaters uh because they have the theatrical release poster
really on here yeah so uh it's been an art movie uh i think so yeah it's about i guess they're
saying that um it's seeking to inspire his students uh dana undertakes to write and produce
an original play a sequel to hamlet featuring time travel to avoid the deaths of the characters
and more controversial content including the introduction as jesus christ as one of the
characters and complete song dance number called rock me sexy all right look look i don't care
about hamlet 2 anymore i care about the callers and we got a call coming in hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this hello hey guys nemesis 47 how y'all doing today there you are hi i'm uh
good how are you i'm good man just uh went to denver comic-con like some weeks ago it was it
was a hell of a funny convention oh the denver comic-con the one that i think jason had to miss
because he was driving he had a good time 86 500 people with her i did have a great time wow what
were uh some of the sites that you took in while you were there um let's see i got i got the fifth
and seventh doctor's autograph i even i even even got uh an autograph for for serenity 410 88 who
is on the chat right now and shout out to her and um she actually got to talk to the fifth doctor
and she was fangirling out oh my lord yeah um doctor seven was at dragon con and was at the
same award ceremony that some of us were presenting at at vog and uh yeah he's like he was really funny
great guy i think one of his podcasts won an award actually really yeah something he was involved
with sorry i don't i don't remember all the details but yeah very cool yep and um speaking of
34 10 88 i'm actually going to be seeing seeing her in a couple weeks at another con called
glass city con over in toledo ohio yes i'm going to be traveling all the way to toledo for
from colorado all the way to toledo to see her wow that's uh that's quite wait are you in colorado
yes i am so you're going all the way to to ohio from colorado that's quite a drug yeah
um actually let me take in the greyhound all right well well oh good luck there can be some
scary things that happen on those buses that's fine i i i i'll be out i'll handle myself really
well uh there you go there you go uh so denver comic con what kind of like since it is a video
game show what kind of gaming are you doing these cons if any um they actually had a uh a uh
well here's the thing um one of the local game leagues he'll be here called the color the
colorado cutthroat connection they had the destiny alpha available there and it is a pretty sweet
game on the ps4 oh right because that was the weekend like because that whole con happened
right after e3 so they got their hands on that and had it available for everyone to play that's smart
because it was only up for a limited time yep i actually got to play it though it's actually a
mixture of halo meets borderlands too so to speak minus the cortana crap of course i noticed the the
borderland so i that surprised me because i was expecting destiny to just kind of like be another
halo type of game but yeah definitely i felt some of that borderlands influence in it so i'm i'm
excited to see what the final product is like but even the alpha i got killed in the alpha way too
easy um i got killed like a couple times though but it's pretty it's it's pretty it's pretty
free dandy game they had like Mario Kart they had some some uh some uh other game plus they
had LARPing there too of course all right uh lastly i'll ask you this was there any uh video game
cosplay worth mentioning um let's see real game topics worth mentioning um i i think i think i
think it's a whole lot of game topics i think the mario some some you know you know some of the
basic stuff you see at conventions but it's a hell of a good con though nonetheless nice
i'm glad to hear you had a good time i didn't i didn't mind it's good it's good to get to talk
to you guys again right all right thank you for calling and uh have fun at your cons have fun in
Toledo and uh yeah wow you're gonna be traveling to more cons than rama if you keep it up no no
nobody will go to more cons than him yep yep after after glass decon after after i see uh
serenity for 1080 who's also gonna be my future fiance though but after that then i'm that's
gonna be the end of my my con my con years until next year because next year i'm thinking about
even doing teddy up from persona four nice a fursuit all right well good luck to you and uh
picture didn't happen okay all right take care buddy bye-bye bye-bye all right always uh good
to hear from him let's go to another call and uh see who we get on the line next time you're
on orange launch radio who's this hello it's jason hey jason you sound as if i haven't inserted
myself into the show enough tonight already all right that that's all right it's been like weeks
since we've heard from you um you sound like you sound like you're on mobile are you still in
traffic i am not still in traffic i just checked into the hotel but i am still driving around for
a bit longer so i figured i would call in while i could gotcha uh but you are you're you're not
gonna be in frisco by the time gamer x happens huh i actually am uh i i'm already in san francisco
i just checked in in san francisco and my plans changed a little bit and so i will be in san
francisco until sunday evening so yes i will be making some sort of an appearance over next
weekend we're gonna see jason at gamer x yay but i'm sure again it's been literally weeks since
i know i know but you know it's been so long i need my jason fix i in all in in all seriousness
i know he didn't didn't call just to uh uh talk about your weekend plans what's on your mind
tonight oh why not i mean that's what the show is for isn't it just you know just driving around
and sick anyways did i in between dropouts and everything else that i've been dealing with and
sell coverage and all the concepts did i hear you call superstar wars a good game yes you are
fucking crazy sir what no you're fucking crazy wait are we thinking the super nintendo game
yeah yeah super nintendo super star wars empire strike back those games are fucking
terrible you you just sucked at them that's why you're mad i i'm i'm not i'm not gonna say like
it's it's funny to make this argument because i played them i will play them again but put
together those games are very very poorly put together they have a terrible engine they are
fucking hard i only made any progress on those games because i was a habitual game genie user
as a kid i remember renting the game i don't think i beat it but i had like a heck of a time with it
over you know uh yeah and then run it and that's the funny part is that that kind of a situation
can happen but the game is terrible like go back and play it you will be frustrated out of your
goddamn mind uh you can i'm looking i'm looking at the wiki right now because i wanted to see like
what the reviews were not that reviewers are the end-all be-all but i wanted to see like where
kind of opinion lied uh star wars was re-released on virtual console in 2009 uh which i don't know
if that necessarily means it's still available and that doesn't mean we you that means you have
to go into the we emulation and grab it out of that store uh but i will say superstar wars was
awarded best action adventure game of 1992 by electronic gaming monthly as well as best movie
to game but i don't know anything about like what their average review is but i thought this
has been a pretty well-received game um and like i said it's not it's not that i it's it's truly
not that i hate it because i played all three of them a number of times and like i said i will do
so again but put together like there's something there's something about those games that looking
at them in hindsight just doesn't really sit well with me um the and and at the same time it's even
weirder because there was the old the old uh 3d arcade uh star wars where you just pointed at one
direction of the screen and shot but it's like the good star wars games to me were x-wing x-wing
versus tie fighter rebel alliance and all those kinds of things star wars empire strikes back
superstar wars empire strikes back in return the jedi are really like monotonous mindless games
and it would be it would be a really good idea for you to revisit those you're still going to
like facets of the game but all told the game is just particularly strange
well you're getting a very mixed bag in chat uh bobby's threatening to fire you
from the voice of vog right now there's there's there's characters that aren't in the canon
the all of the vehicle levels are not that good the game like i said if i did not cheat
i would not have made any progress in many in large parts of those games i will have to revisit
these games shortly and tell you if if i still think they hold up all these times later but i
just remember really enjoying them when i was younger uh ssj100 mad i think kind of sums this
up well saying a superstar wars was great and terrible at the same time terrible isn't hard
yeah it it really is a huge conflict like that and i'll tell you what i don't know if you're
going to have time for this but because i'm here all week depending on when you guys get in this
weekend let's find an hour sit down and record the games and talk about it because i'm here you can
come to the office we have ample everything to be able to do this kind of stuff let's sit down and
play these games again you want because you want to do is a youtube series where we revisit these
old games i i don't know about a series because i can't commit to that physically but to have the
two of us in the same place all right revisiting what our memories are just seems like something
that we can do to take advantage of the fact that i'm out here for the time being all right you're
on you're on if we have time i would love to do that plus you need to see my office that i'm
currently parked outside so you know we do we do all right well jason you thank you for sharing
your opinion it is it is the show where every gamer has a voice even if they are using those
voices incorrectly it's fine no i'm kidding i'm kidding i'm kidding all right all right well you
know i have to use my voice more than just 30 seconds of time of show i know i know all right
act def says hey i'm jason grump i'm sky not so grump oh lord no no no we're doing our own thing
all right i somehow i knew he was going to make reference to that but in my defense my thoughts
on that game predates the the reference that he's making is that the game grumps played super
empire strikes back and and i thought that they went a little overboard on the fact that it is a
very hard game but my feelings on how the game works predates that by a fair amount so and we
will have dark sakura with us who is the biggest grump of all we all know that i would don't make
me get up from this chair welcome to come to i want to hear this deconstruction i want all
40 bucks to be there all right i would say four but i know what the plan already is yeah all
right all right jason i gotta let you go to try to squeeze in at least one more call before we
end things tonight but uh it's always good to hear from you buddy and i will see you this weekend yay
you absolutely will all right bye bye everyone all right uh 1877 game olr or username on skype
orange lounge radio i'm excited to see i hear they have all these like fancy pants things over at
that studio so i'm excited to check that out of course i don't know where we're gonna find an
hour amongst the combo figure something out figure something out we can always do something
depending on when he's leaving we always do something on sunday before we head out
we have to have pizza pizza night p i z z a with getting my cards against humanity cards all greasy
i want pizza i want another call we got another call coming in hi you're on orange lounge radio
who's this it's the residential convention horonima i know it is wait hold on i have to
finish up one quick thought i just realized i can say this oh wait no i can't never mind
i can't say this never mind forget it rama we're gonna be i i can tell it next week i can't tell it
now rama what's on your mind buddy um i demand that vxa jason xv turns in his gamer card
i have all three of those games sitting on my shelf and i will sit here i'll break out the
super nes and i will play those games yes they were hard but that was a fun kind of hard and
that's a type of hard difficulty level where you go i bet you'll get one of those professional
gamers who can play call of duty black ops 2 featuring carl winslow blindfolded one hand who
can go through the entire game you sit the little bastard right here in front of the super nes with
the game controller wouldn't know what the fuck to do rob didn't pick you up superstar wars now
got you super return of the jedi yeah super return of the jedi it's sadly it's in a box
somewhere but uh yeah we're definitely gonna have to uh uh go revisit the games but look look in in
jason's defense and i'm gonna i'm gonna just leave jason alone i'm gonna i'm gonna do this whole
thing there's always some game that everybody seems to like that sometimes we just don't get
like for me for the longest time that was minecraft like i'm readily admit like all
these people like going gaga over minecraft and i was like what's so fucking great about minecraft
kind of gave it a second look and i i finally understood but you know it's it's i i understood
what he was saying is that you know he's he's not dogging on the games for the present it's it's you
know the difficulty was so crazy that a lot of people didn't even really get to see the entire
games well i guess i was one of the lucky ones who did i tell you what i probably won't be able
to go through the entire game and do it again but i'll sit there and give them my damndest to do it
you you're you're hardcore my friend that's why
no i'm not hardcore it's just that there are some games that are out there either they're
so easy you'll play through all over multiple times where it's so hard that you you just won't
give up you just play it right through and it's just fun and enjoyable now if you want to talk
about a game that's a pain in the ass to complete uh the simpsons bark versus space mutants you
mean to tell me i get through the two the entire level without getting hit twice come on son well
how about you want like a hard game how about like battle toads or or uh ghosts and goblins or some
of that insane shit or the fact that rygar didn't have a save feature or even a password feature
like what the fuck whoops is all i have to say about that exactly exactly all right rama did
you just call in to yell at jason actually no i wasn't actually going to call in at all because
i was going to talk about something but since nemesis 47 opened the floodgates to turn the
chat into um general population and the fact that you mentioned anime expo i have something to say
uh oh uh oh all right well the floor is yours sir thank you as you know at anime expo they made the
big announcement that about this and toei about sailor moon and sailor moon crystal the entire
dubcast was doing the various voices well upon hearing about sailor moon crystal i have been
working on a little project on the side and i did a soft release on my uh facebook earlier today
and i'd like to announce that i am working on a brand new podcast yay you're becoming a bigger
podcast tour than me almost almost yes no i did see this on facebook earlier how exciting tell
us more well it's called the crystal chronicles a sailor moon podcast where it'll be me mako chan
saya yachting cow and my friend yosinex every other week when there's an episode we're going
to sit down for about a good 45 minutes have some tea have some coffee some scones and we're just
going to discuss the episode compare between the original anime the manga what we liked and what
we didn't like pretty much nice so is this just going to be a limited run show while we have the
new series on air yes it will be a limited run show for as long as the series is going gotcha
so it's kind of like my side project reading is fundamental for drag race which all things
considered drag race and sailor moon aren't that much different um well when you get the sailor
moon s it gets like that yes and sailor moon s yes yes it does dark soccer did you watch the
new sailor moon i know you've got yes what'd you think it was good yeah okay she was up with me at
six o'clock am 3 p.m your time watching it okay well nemesis 47 in chat says i want to listen to
this podcast so please tell us more where can i download the crystal chronicles you can download
at www.thecrystalchronicles.com the episode series will be on itunes later this week i am shooting
for a thursday uh release waiting on itunes to approve of the feed and all that good stuff
so like final fantasy crystal chronicles was the thing years and years ago yet you got the domain
the crystal the crystal chronicles.com yes because crystal chronicles.com is going for about almost
twelve thousand dollars well that's because of that that game from several years ago so
yeah and i've already put the disclaimer that we're not affiliated but if they come after me
with a buster sword i have no problem changing the domain and changing what i have to do in
order to keep it going i'm sure you'll be fine it's a fan podcast the sailor moon is can do
nothing but good stuff for them i'm hearing a lot of the positive so i will admit i i just don't
watch as much anime as a lot of my friends do and sailor moon i've seen a little bit of it but i
haven't watched a whole lot of it but i'm hearing so much good stuff about this new one i think i
might have to check it out you definitely gonna have to check it out and i know alan's probably
gonna be watching it too he hasn't watched it yet you need to sit his ass down and make him
watch it it's good i know he's got all these old tapes of old sailor moon things he still hasn't
watched his new one all right so to a bunch of us okay all right uh well quickly any of the last
words before i let you go um i'm back on the kenny crush saga crack oh rama okay wait a minute wait
a minute wait wait wait you're gonna call in his show and bass jason for his opinion on and then
you're gonna come here and talk about candy crush saga hey i need something to kill time while i'm
traveling on the subways for an hour and 15 minutes try try disco zoo which i talked about
earlier in the show well if i need an internet connection i can't play it not when i'm underground
we're gonna try anything else for that for that you don't need a connection poker yeah there you
go there you go like three other games getting yelled out there all right rama playing a
difference a fun solitary swords and poker is pretty awesome oh yeah that's a good one
right all right rama we're gonna let you go so you can go waller in your candy crush shame
there's no shame in my game all right take care buddy bye bye bobby's canceling and firing people
left and right tonight it's tragic all right well i sadly i am going to close up the skype line i'm
very sorry to those that didn't get through tonight because i i see it's still lighting
up with calls uh if you do want to uh share your opinion please send us an email participate at
orange lounge radio dot com uh or you can always tweet us twitter.com slash orange or excuse me olr
oops i i always forget we actually snagged the short form of the uh thing there over on twitter
olr is where you can find us on twitter uh while i quickly check for tweets let me check in with
loki and see if there's any last minute stories to get to tonight oh my god some of the things
that are on kickstarter you'll never believe there's a brand new game that someone's trying
to kickstart uh called coffin dodgers it's about elderly people racing in go-karts
nice yes so that's that's interesting and then also there's a kickstarter for potato salad
because you know we haven't abused kickstarter enough someone kickstarted potato salad for
ten dollars and it's already up to like six grand but kickstarter makes they're five percent or
whatever so hey and i mean it's aside for the fact that it's satire i understand that
and people are backing it but it's not necessarily people will go through with it
it's still technically a fun my life project but it's just it's so stupid and it's just gonna get
people to i mean why don't i do that i mean shit okay i'm gonna make myself a hamburger
done kickstarter for 10 bucks
free money yeah better be a tasty burger it will be for six thousand dollars uh we didn't get a
lot of tweets this week but i do notice that pika uno uh sent us a few tweets i want to make sure
i read these uh because he was referencing those emails we had about uh gaming in belgium remember
that so pika uno uh tweeted us and said shame on you for last week's brussels sprouts pun
also belgium is huge on comic books and stuff but the belgian people i know pretty much buy
all their stuff from amazon and online uh and pikaruna wants us to know hello i'm the person
who bought eye of judgment at a massive discount which is really the best way to buy eye of
judgment if you're gonna buy eye of judgment the best way is to huh for someone to pay you to get
rid of it please take this off my hands so here's this in a coupon one last bit of uh news here if
you're looking to purchase an xbox um well the connect version two the one that came with the
xbox one and you don't have one with your system or if you want it for pc i'm assuming this is just
for pc right now but pre-orders are up for it now it's going to cost you two hundred dollars
so that's a little expensive whoa the new ones are two hundred dollars two hundred dollars
that's interesting is that really trying to encourage people to buy the xbox one that have
it bundled i don't know but it's directly from microsoft and um you can purchase
if we're compatible with the pc uh that's going to be available september uh july 15th
all right well we'll see how well that works out how the sales that works for them
that's a little expensive a little expensive and honestly i mean for what
um and i don't even know are the stanley because they haven't really announced the price yet for
the standalone sensors for the xbox one so is it also gonna be 200 because that doesn't make any
fucking sense you drop the price of the system 100 and you sell the sensor for 200 that doesn't
make any sense and don't give me this shit that you know going from xbox one the pc that cable
or whatever is 100 bucks because that doesn't make any fucking sense either so i don't know i'm
gonna be interested to see what their excuse is connect one still 100 yeah it's still 100 bucks
uh maybe that's why it's sold no it doesn't make any sense reduce the price of connect one because
no one's buying it anyways you can buy them used fuck i have one that i want to sell you so
i don't know interesting all right i'm sure more on this will develop oh here here's the best part
the connects the connect for windows v2 sensor does not ship with any software is intended for
use with connect for windows uh sdk 2.0 licensed separately oh so what the fuck am i paying for
that 200 is just for the sensor because you have to license the sdk hopefully some clarity will
come to this in the coming days this seems a little ridiculous for right now maybe there's
got to be something something else to this all right for now though we're going to wrap up uh
we got to get out of here it's it's after nine o'clock on the west coast and after midnight on
the east coast uh again no orange ons radio live next week we'll try to have either like a report
from gamer x some pre-taped shenanigans or something uh on the feed for you guys to enjoy
who knows maybe this thing that jace is talking about was sitting down and playing some old games
will show up on the feed who knows uh but a big thanks to those you guys that do come out and
support us every week as we say here at orange launch radio we don't ask you for your money we're
not going to kick start a potato salad or hamburger um it's a cheap way of getting your money all we
ask please uh tell a friend or two or five about the show spread the word about orange ons radio
um nice reviews go a very very long way so if you could take like two minutes out of your day
and just write a nice review for itunes or stitcher radio or wherever you found this show
it would be greatly appreciated by us here at olr um it is time to go around and get everybody's
final thoughts we can wrap up for the night i will start tonight i don't usually start so my
final thought is i need to cash in all the change in that jar that might be that might be my beer
money for this weekend dark soccer your final thought um they did make the orange chicken
spice here and i've been breaking out in hives as a result oh so no more orange chicken for me
boo panda express but didn't they add bacon to it you there's with and without get either
but they they charge 50 whole extra cents for bacon per serving uh my favorite is the one you
know what no if if panda is going to make jamie break out in hives i'm not going to talk about
what i like there because i'm not going to give them free advertising go ahead i don't care it
was just it all right the angus steak is really good they're not the one that gave me my allergy
to pepper enzymes that's true all right uh see you in a few days dark soccer we're going to be
together for four whole days you want to go to the jewish museum with me and tamara no i'm going to
a gay party well i'm gonna go get some culture so me me too all right girl last but not least
loki your final thought um i guess it's work as usual next week well good luck with all of that
um and uh best of luck to you again loki all right we can't end on a downer somebody tell
a fart joke my daddy farted on the phone when i called by the way for anyone who has asked my dad
is doing a lot better yay and he is in rehabilitation good and he sounds like himself
and he's doing better yay well there's a happy thanks to everybody for all the
wish well wishes for my dad all right well thanks to all you guys for listening to the show for
downloading the show and supporting the show we'll be back here in studio in two weeks with an all
new orange lounge radio until then have a wonderful week see you guys at gamer x those
of you that are going for everybody else have fun with whatever it is you do this next weekend we'll
see you in a couple weeks happy gaming and stopping me to each other online be nice don't be a dick
good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr
studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
