Tonight, July 18, 2010, 3D YouTube is set for the PlayStation 3, details come out on Mega Man Universe, and one retail chain puts user reviews on the shelves.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game show dedicated to video games, gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, you name it.
You talk about it live in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing, Jamie?
Hi.
You're high?
No, actually, um... Starting the Prop 19 celebration a little early?
No, no, no.
I've got Vicodin in me.
I see.
Because I've got a slice in my hand.
Yes, you had your surgery, as we've been talking about for a couple weeks on the show, because it was scheduled last week, but it happened for real Tuesday, right?
It did, and it was really boring.
But you're here, so obviously you're doing alright.
Yeah, it hurts.
I'm sorry.
Well, Vicodin's supposed to help that.
No, Viken and Samosa make you not care.
Samosa?
Samosa.
Oh, it's going to be a fun show, folks.
Well, I was fun yesterday, though.
I was really entertaining, I feel.
I'm going to get into yesterday in just a minute, but it would not be a show if I didn't introduce the one and only Techmaster Loki.
It would be a show, I just wouldn't be introduced.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Excellent.
How's the baby room painting going?
Because I've seen pictures show up, and for the listeners who might be new to OLR, who are just tuning in for the first time, Loki's wife is expecting really soon, right?
August 19th, but she's 35 weeks and 3 days now.
Wow.
So, you know...
Becky was 10 days overdue with Julian.
But yeah, so any day, basically they get to the point though, the doctor will only let you go up to 42 weeks and then they just said, okay, now you're having the baby.
We're inducing you and you're going.
So, no, but Nellie, she's hoping to have the baby by the end of the month, you know, preferably at 37 weeks, which would be a week from this coming Thursday, so.
and we don't know what's going to happen to OLR while you're gone.
Knowing you, you'll be here even if she delivers Sunday morning.
I will probably be gone at least a week or two.
That's about it.
It is so funny because they're seriously like people like vultures clamoring for your spot while you're gone even that one week.
Like, you know, Drew's been showing up more and more lately.
We got an email tonight that Jamie's going to read later that has another suggestion.
So it's really funny.
Oh, it's too bad he's not here this week.
It really only takes three weeks.
But unfortunately, he was shy one week.
So that ain't going to work.
Well, we'll figure it out.
But the point I was actually trying to make, for those that didn't know, you are doing your baby room in a, what, New Super Mario Bros.
theme, right?
Yes, New Super Mario Bros.
theme.
So we've been painting a lot, and actually I'm trying to get them uploaded on the photo gallery thing, but it's been a little on the slow side.
There's some pictures right now on there that are really...
It's a lot of work ago.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff we've done since the stuff that I posted.
And I'd say it's about now maybe, I don't know, 60, 75% done.
And this is all the base stuff.
We still have to go back and actually shade it so that it looks...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
AllGamesRadio.com
DarkSakura.com
Um, California Extreme is a classic arcade and pinball type of expo thing.
And they have, uh, speakers, d-panels, you know, typical convention stuff, but all the games are out there on free play.
And they've got, like, pins dating back from the 50s and up.
Um, they even had the Iron Man pinball there, which, by the way, was not very exciting, because
Stern, sorry, you sucked at this one.
I was way more interested in the Dark Knight table they had a picture of, but didn't actually have there.
Yeah, that's supposed to be pretty hardcore.
Do they have Big Bang Bar, though?
I'm glad the people that bring... And it was the real Big Bang Bar, not the... Because they got the rights to redo Big Bang Bar.
Okay, I gotta rewind, because you know how disjointed I'm gonna be tonight.
Big Bang Bar was a table they were only like 16 prototypes of that Capcom's pinball division did before they decided to not do that anymore.
and um they eventually did the rights did get out and someone was doing reproductions of them but this was one of the 16 prototypes so it was pretty cool um anyway um they had like they had the Star Wars pachinko machine they had old pong they had a game called touch me it was clearly it was very 70s um cocktail tables sit downs um a really nice Star Wars arcade
It was kind of like going into Microsoft's game room, but for real.
And Journey.
Like if it was a real place.
They just take this ballroom and just lots of arcade and more pinball than I was expecting.
I didn't realize how much of it was dominated by pinball.
They had Ultra Pin there, too.
The Ultra Kade pinball thing.
That was a cool machine.
I played Pinbot on that.
It was cool.
I've played one of those before.
I played Black Knight for a while on there, but it's not the same for me.
I've wanted to make one of those, but it really...
It's cost prohibitive.
It's really expensive.
I have an extra TV that I could use for that, but it's just, I don't play that much pinball, and considering how much I play my arcade machine, I don't need to build one of these.
Let me go to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com because we do get live chat comments as we tape the show, and I'm going to start with Salacious Pop tonight.
He was there with us yesterday.
Salacious Pop in our chat says, Hi!
Hi!
I played a few rounds of Lethal Weapon 3 pinball but try as I might I could not unlock the hidden racist misogynist screed
I was hoping they would update the pinball machine so that when the ball goes down the gutter it would yell at you, I deserve to be blown!
But unfortunately, no.
Not gonna happen.
Anyhow, sorry.
Classic games.
Good times.
Free play!
You pay one fee to get in.
It was $40 to get in.
I got in for nothing.
I got in as press for Geek Life.
Which, by the way, there's gonna be a big write-up on this showing up tomorrow morning on both Orange Knowledge Radio and on Geek Life.
I had a geeky time while I was there.
I was playing a real gyrus machine and a real time pilot machine.
You can't emulate that so well on the 360.
The Tempest kept having problems with the vector display.
Crystal Castles with a real trackball the way it was meant to be played.
I've got a trackball for it on the 5200.
I know this is going to surprise people.
I don't believe I had ever played the Empire Strikes Back game.
Isn't it great?
Star Wars?
Yes.
And the Star Wars Vector game?
Man, that game was epic.
Oh man, I love that game.
That one, the one that they had there, the sit-down one, had like this really nice bright monitor and the speakers were just so clear.
It was fantastic.
It didn't sound muddy or anything at all.
Though I got a bad headache playing it and it hurt my hand a lot.
I didn't really play a whole bunch of stuff while I was there because... And we'll probably go into the surgery thing later.
I've got eight stitches in my right hand.
Good times.
And while I'm healing really nicely, they hurt a lot because unlike my last surgery when I moved my hand, I've got more range of motion now, but it pulls the stitches.
Ew.
Yeah, well, it'll bleed a little bit.
It's really...
But you were able to play some stuff.
I played some stuff.
I played Baby Pac-Man.
I had to play Baby Pac-Man.
Me too.
And that game, for being notoriously hard, I always remembered being kind of good at it.
And I got to the third stage, which is not bad for Baby Pac-Man.
They had a Junior Pac-Man, which is like one of the really epic Pac-Mans of its day.
Of course, I played Big Bang Bar and Iron Man Pinball.
Um...
I didn't play Journey.
I played Star Wars.
I played Journey.
It was awesome.
I played Timber twice because I love those old school.
I played Mousetrap and then Mousetrap though is the big mistake because Mousetrap has a right hand joystick and I was like and I forgot about the stupid bird because keep in mind when I was playing a lot of Mousetrap I was playing it on the Clicca Vision and there's no bird in the Clicca Vision.
Is there every year?
to like pour some sugar on me.
On the little four cube TV?
Yes.
Yeah, it's there every year.
One of those TVs that's made up of little TVs.
It was awesome.
Yeah, totally 80s style.
But there's more, Rob.
There's more.
What?
Coin Toss was there.
I love the Coin Toss game.
It's like one of the old 50s games.
It was so fantastic.
Like one of the precursors to our Pong.
But anyway, there was the box car game, the Sega box car game.
Oh yeah, the mine car.
You actually push up and down on the big lever like an old mine car.
It was funny.
And Top Skater and DDR something or the other.
Extreme.
I took some video of Mel and Ali playing.
I actually got up there and played DDR.
I'm not allowed to.
How mad am I out of shape?
I'm not allowed to play DDR until my stitches come out.
No.
I can't get my heart rate up.
You didn't miss much.
I'm not supposed to get my heart rate up, y'all, so I can't get very excited tonight.
Looking at our chat room at chat.orangeonsradio.com.
I always say this name wrong.
Shirzo in our chatroom says, sounds like a nice spot.
Damn, I need to plan to get out to California Extreme.
Now, I think he's kind of local here.
I think he's our guy.
It was in Santa Clara.
That does the Roseville Golf Line and everything.
But would this be something worth traveling to?
Totally.
Totally.
Yeah, there were people there from out of country.
I think they could... I mean, here's the weird thing.
It's an arcade trade show, so I get that they don't want to expand on probably that core part of it.
But you know what would have made that expo even more awesome would have been a classic gaming room with console stuff.
That reminds me.
And I know that might be outside the scope of what they're trying to do, but... Classic gaming expo is coming back.
Oh yeah?
In Las Vegas.
We need to make plans.
This was different from Classic Gaming Expo though.
Classic Gaming Expo was its own kind of thing.
Yeah, Classic Gaming Expo was more like booths and things set up to remember but this was just straight up a room full of free play games.
I love the story though about because Dan's little brother Mason came with us and they were at this panel and Mason's like, who's that?
What did that guy do?
Make Atari?
And Dan's like, why yes, he actually did.
And it was the...
I got to meet Steve Ritchie who designed at least a couple of the tables that we have in this house.
No Fear.
He did the voices for No Fear.
I gave him some of our plastics to sign and he started doing the voices from No Fear.
I was just so cool.
I talked to his wife.
She's a really sweet lady.
I told her about a pinball table that I'm designing.
I'm actually designing the art and everything and the layout for a pinball table.
I just need someone who can program it.
Vid Power in our chatroom says, California Extreme was in the Donkey Kong documentary, King of Kong.
I don't remember that.
Was that the place they go?
I thought that was a place on the East Coast.
But they go, it's like an exposition's going on, and Billy, not Billy, the other guy, Steve, tries to top the score at this expo, but he just barely misses it.
He doesn't do it.
Well, no, he did this at conventions since, I thought.
Yeah, I don't know.
But anyway...
No, Steve Wiebe's been, I think, at these conventions.
Yeah, and all those types of guys you see in that documentary are here at this type of event.
Good times.
Anyway, though, and then there were vendors for pinball parts and, you know, a Stern marketer was there, the guy who brought the Iron Man table.
And the guy that plays the 12-string guitar thing was there because he's there every year and he's always really cool.
I just had this I giggled to myself and I walked I was walking sort of catty corner around and all of a sudden in the distance I hear bonk, bonk, bonk, bonk the Space Invaders thing and then there's also one of our listeners there really cool guy Carlson really cool guy and I purchased a game from him from my husband got him got Gunstar Heroes for the Game Gear
Treasure!
I was surprised to see him there because the last time I had seen him was out in Washington, D.C.
And he's based in the East Coast and is mostly the cons out there.
But I guess he has a relative that lives out here.
So he was at this con.
Very random moment because I was actually looking at the shirts at his booth and he has this really funny, I guess it's his own original design, it says like Shaq Fu
I loved that and I almost I like was thinking about buying it but then I got distracted because he's like hey Rob and like I was like oh wow I remember you from like four years ago so this is kind of funny like running into people well he recognized me and I didn't know who he was or anything well it was funny I was looking for you to go introduce you to him when you just found him on your own oh good times you just cut out suddenly did your switch go down
No, I don't have a Switch.
Oh, weird.
I don't know what happened.
Well, meh.
Tonight is going to be a night of technical fun.
The soundboard's on Vicodin.
All right, well, before we get to the rest of our gaming weeks outside of, oh boy, outside of just this convention, is there anything else you want to say about California Extreme?
Maybe the thing you most want to see them do next year?
Do it exactly like they did it and make it cheaper.
And bigger.
And bigger.
Oh yeah, bring back the Kung Fu game.
What game wasn't there at Kung Fu Master?
It wasn't there.
And, and, and, damn it, somebody bring a theater of magic.
Because Melody and I were annoyed.
Alright.
Well, DarkSakura, I know you had the surgery.
I don't know if you've been playing a lot of video games, but outside the expo, did you play any video games this week?
How was your gaming week?
I'm playing Sims right now.
Um... I was playing some Sims.
Um... I tried to play Star Trek Online, but it hurt too much, so I just went on to let my fleetmates know that I wasn't dead of gangrene of the hand.
Um... Um...
Dan beat Crackdown, finally.
It was anticlimactic.
First one or the new one?
Second one.
Oh, wow.
It was anticlimactic.
And I also really hate the guy in that game.
He's like, are you trying to piss me off?
Go back to the tactical location.
I just wanted to tell him, shut up and bite my butt.
You sound like you've got a wedgie.
And I know I played something else.
I don't remember.
You're too high to remember.
No, no.
You're playing The Sims right now?
I said I was playing The Sims.
Oh, I played a little bit of Portal.
A little bit of Portal.
Just a little bit?
Just a little bit.
It's just like... Just enough to get taunted by GLaDOS?
Yeah, it was just like, I'm getting so bored not being able to do much of anything that I'll sit and start to play something.
Like with The Sims, at least, you know, I can do a little bit and rest my hand, but if I get in the middle of a battle on Star Trek Online, I'm there until it's done, because you can't actually pause it unless you're on a away mission.
Yeah, MMOs don't usually have a pause button.
Yeah.
The only ones of those you can pause are the ones you're on there by yourself.
So.
Alright.
Yeah, and it's only 45 seconds, meh.
Let's try Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I didn't play a whole lot because I was paying.
So, really, the only stuff I played was at work.
Gloria Paint!
Literally!
That's true.
That is true.
No, the only things that I played this week was... Actually, Grand Theft Auto, but...
Kind of funny, we didn't really play much of the Battle of the Gay Tony this week.
Apparently my co-workers are tired of me kicking the crap out of them at the Battle of the Gay Tony, so they went back to Lost and Damned, so I had to kick the crap out of them in Lost and Damned.
But it's fun.
It's a nice little break.
I just... I always forgot how slow the characters run, and oh my god, they run so damn slow in that game.
It's ridiculous.
And I don't know if they've remembered it being...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Crackdown 2, played a little bit of that.
The only thing I don't like about Crackdown 2, well, there's many things I don't like about Crackdown 2, but one of the new things I don't like about Crackdown 2 was our internet at my work is not the greatest because we're sharing it with like 80 computers.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Crackdown 2 Crackdown 2 Crackdown 2
It's impossible.
I can join another person's game away from our work, but it will not allow me to connect to a person that's literally next to me.
Is that maybe because the game is seeing you guys in the same room?
No, it's not.
The reason is it's saying that our connection is too strict.
It's basically layman's terms for our internet connection is too slow.
I do just want to point out though, Loki, you do know most people don't get to play Xbox at their jobs, right?
Just throwing that out there.
I understand that, but I'm just saying during our break, we wanted to play some co-op Crackdown 2, which would have been really fun, but we can't do that and say we have to play Lost and Damned.
But I just wish that they... First off, I wish they just had System Link back from the first game.
That would solve all the problems right there.
Well, most of the problems, because even Red Dead Redemption is a good testament to how Take-Two and Rockstar games still find ways to fuck up multiplayer.
Even in Red Dead Redemption, it sometimes can't find the other people.
Like, we'll be...
Red Dead Redemption
How the fuck does that happen?
I have never seen a System Link game not figure out how to connect to another System Link console.
It doesn't make any sense.
Only Rockstar could do that.
But yeah, so that's about all I played this week.
Hopefully going to play more once we get the Baby's Room done because we're under a deadline here and I have a little bit of work left to do.
It's looking good.
Alright, well good luck with the rest of that, and our well wishes to the misses as well, and through all that My Gaming Week, outside of California Extreme, I've been playing mostly the same stuff, I didn't get into a lot of new stuff I would say the newest thing I played was some of the extensions that they have in Game Room now You know, some of the recent games that they released, but of course that's just really old stuff with new paint on it
and I can't tell you how horrifically games like Kaboom and Crystal Castles and things that ran on the Xbox I mean things that ran on like trackballs and paddles how horrifically they translate into the Xbox 360 controls but there are some other cool stuff on there that I was playing like Hero, H-E-R-O was still one of my favorite games
they did some changes to game room this week too where now you have like a live leaderboard as you are playing the game you watch yourself climb up this live leaderboard on the right hand side of the screen that's actually really cool so um I kinda was a fan of that that's only a ranked match by the way so you have to actually own the game to be able to see that but um
Xen, Pinball, and Pinball FX Big Battle
Because the response from the listenership so far has been a little bit tepid, but I'll get into that in a little bit.
So I was trying to help represent OLR in that, and I tried.
I didn't get at the top of leaderboard, but at least I got on it.
So I'm happy with that.
And I hadn't really played especially the one on the PS3.
I don't think I appreciated it enough, but that Earth Defense Force table on PS3 is actually a lot of fun.
And I actually kind of enjoyed getting to spend a little time with it this week as much as I was not...
DarkSakura.com
So since I brought up the big battle, let's go into housekeeping here tonight before we get into tonight's gaming news.
Big battle is all games kind of competition with these various video games throughout all the different shows on all games.
Well, most of them.
I don't think all of them signed up, but quite a few are participating like Dead Pixel Live, TQ Cast, RPG Grinders, Electric Sisterhood, all these other shows on the network.
Sorry, I didn't name them all, but they're all there.
at TheBigBattle.net and it's really just for fun it's not although I hear now there's a prize I got an email this week that now there is a prize so get this the winning show and this is not about the hosts of the show doing battle with each other although I'm choosing to participate this is about the listenerships representing the shows in these battles well the winning show now as I understand it is going to get a gold Atari 2600
So it's like, I think it's just spray painted gold, but it will be an Atari trophy.
So I know DarkSakura is dying to have one of those in the vault.
Although, I do think if we get a gold Atari 2600, we should maybe, I don't know, give it to a listener that helped us get it.
Maybe, I don't know.
Go for it.
We'll have to decide.
Rob, if I really wanted a gold Atari 2600, I would go find one of ours and get a can of Rust-Oleum.
It's the meaning behind it.
It doesn't mean the same when you do it that way.
I know, but I'm just saying we can give it to somebody.
Well, I'll tell you right now, the way the leaderboards look, we ain't gonna get it.
We are in second place.
We're gonna win a gold 32X.
But we are way behind Dead Pixel Live.
Dead Pixel Live has 164 points.
We have 42, which has us in second place.
How many things have already completed already?
I think three, but there's still more going on right now.
We got off to a little bit of a slow start.
The whole thing started right when E3 was going on, and then my birthday and the fourth were all in there.
It took a little while, I think, for us to really get in there, but there's more games happening.
I think a lot of the early feedback we got was, I don't have Soldner X, and I don't really have the pinball game, so what's there for me to play?
Derek's been very open to putting stuff in there.
So I can tell you, and it looks like it's scheduled now.
I didn't even know it got a date.
But it looks like it's going to happen on August 1st.
Super Street Fighter 4.
Now I know tons of you bitches have that game.
I'll make Dan play.
And can represent.
Get Dan to sign up at TheBigBattle.net and represent the OLR.
Because seriously.
If we lose Super Street Fighter 4 or we don't have good representation of Super Street Fighter 4 We're just going to kiss that gold Atari thing goodbye Because it ain't happening This is a game that I know we can do well at I'll blame everybody personally Yes, I will be blaming certain individuals that are very, very good at Super Street Fighter If you don't participate in this, unless you have a really good reason I will blame you personally
But it's, yeah, TheBigBattle.net, and it's August 1st, and sign up and participate.
But there are other games.
If you're not a Street Fighter person, Forza's going on right now, and I wonder if we have people in Forza.
Like, I'll tell you this.
So far, we can really thank Arcadian42.
Really made a good showing for us in Pinball.
Like, he got us seven points on Zen Pinball, and he got us another seven points on Pinball FX.
I got us like four on one and three on the other.
And let's see.
We actually have Monty Boggs participated and got us three points on Pinball FX.
So thank you, Arcadian42, Monty Boggs, and me.
The rest of you all, you need to go find a game you can help us out with.
I'm injured.
All right.
Fine.
You can sit on the bench due to injury, but depending on how long this thing goes.
A B-R-O-N done.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Burr.
Eight points on Forza Motorsport 3 right now.
way to go Burr you rock keep up the good work and there's also Super Stardust HD is the other competition going on right now and I oh we holy crap we are leading the leaderboard right now in Super Stardust HD who is Zooey who is a Z-O-O-I I don't recognize that name from chat I don't know who Zooey is but that's from us to you because you're currently kicking butt in Super Stardust HD good job
and Battlefield Bad Company 2 is also happening.
So there it is.
BigBattle.net.
Have fun.
DarkTetsuya says in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com I thought I heard a rumor there was going to be a music game in an upcoming battle.
I have heard that same rumor meaning that it's probably going to happen but it probably won't happen until after some of these other competitions happen.
So go for it.
There you go.
Other housekeeping I wanted to get to tonight.
I want to talk about the feed.
Most people shouldn't notice this, but the podcast feed actually moved this past week.
And I want to take a minute to thank Deekman and Jason, VXJasonXV, who do a lot of work on our website.
And I'll tell you, Deekman...
he kind of did this whole thing where he moved our podcast and he's doing it so that way usually when I post a show it takes like 24 hours for it to show up on the website because someone has to go in there manually and do it but that won't happen anymore like when I post a show it will be instant so most people are going to be able to get their shows faster and that's going to be really good news so
I'm hoping nobody notices the differences, but if you do, just sit tight while we are under construction a little bit.
But I'm hoping if you're listening to this show and you're on the podcast feed, then clearly your feed player and all that updated and noticed the change just fine.
You don't need to do a darn thing.
And for those that did not move, Jason was kind enough to record a little special message that will show up over there for those folks that know they have to resubscribe.
so I'm hoping that is all better and all that good stuff now so that's just some maintenance going on on the website and also an excuse for me to thank the guys that make it happen Deekman and VXJSXV like Deekman put together this whole little like training manual like here's how you post to the website step one it's like the type of thing I do at my day job and we pay him nothing because we have nothing so it's very much appreciated by all of us as all of you listening should appreciate it too
How about some actual bonafide gaming news now?
We ready?
30 minutes into the show, we're gonna touch on some gaming news.
Loki, what is going on in the world of PlayStation?
Absolutely nothing.
Just kidding.
Actually, in September, there will be some stuff going on, including the 3D Blu-ray support.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And then, of course, with that, there's also going to be some... Wait, wait, isn't the regular Blu-ray just happen to be regular and 3D?
I don't think you buy a special 3D Blu-ray.
So you could own the movie and just not have a 3D TV because they're kind of pricey right now, right?
No, I do believe that it's actually a different movie.
It's a 3D Blu-ray.
Wow, I didn't even know that existed.
The regular movie you can watch, I think, with the glasses, the magenta cyan or the red-blue stuff.
But no, this actually requires a special... You have to buy your movies all over again, yes, just in case you thought, you know...
BlueRay was enough.
If you want them in 3D, you've got to buy them again.
Oh, great.
Because it's, you know, more expensive that way.
Also, there's going to be some additional support for, apparently, Play TV in Europe is going to be in 3D as well.
Different broadcasts through that, as well as YouTube supporting 3D content over the next 12 months as well.
So there'll be 3D YouTube stuff, which...
It begs the question, and this is my thing.
Why?
That would be the second question.
Why?
The first question is, I understand, okay, YouTube, okay, great, we've got 3D YouTube, but as far as I'm aware, there's not really 3D film cameras.
Like, I can't go out there and buy a camera that shoots in 3D yet.
YouTube isn't just underground stuff right now.
There's a lot of big studios who use YouTube to push their stuff.
I understand that, but I'm not going to be able to see...
Some viral video or something like that, you know, in 3D normally.
And why?
Like you said, why bother?
It's because... This 3D thing is happening too fast for me.
But you know why that they're pushing it?
Why?
It's because Sony is selling 3D TVs.
And Sony has movies, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, that happen to be in 3D Blu-ray.
They figure, hey, look!
Look what we did for Blu-ray already.
We beat HD DVDs.
Now we can convince people to buy 3D Blu-ray.
So they're kind of like riding on a high right now?
They're basically thinking, you know what?
Yeah, we may have fucked up UMD, but hey, we won in Blu-ray, and now we're going to try our hands at 3D Blu-ray.
It'll print money!
But I have the... Here's my thing, though.
People...
Some people, not even all people nowadays, are willing to make the jump to Blu-ray because the picture quality is pretty good compared to a DVD.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and so, yes, it is a bit early.
It's why you're not seeing, you know, Microsoft jumping on the bandwagon with this stuff because it's way too damn early.
You don't need to be putting out 3D games because most people don't have the hardware to play them.
Going to chat.orangehonestradio.com and some comments there.
Tiger Claw says, if the studios have their way, they will release the regular Blu-ray version and a couple months later, the 3D version.
and DarkSakura.
You're basically just shooting the theaters all over again because now what are they going to do?
Well, I'm not going to the theater to watch an expensive 3D movie.
I can watch those 3D movies at home.
And how many people remember this particular parallel happening in the video gaming industry?
When basically you could get a Dreamcast which basically ran things like a Naomi system back in the day.
It's just a matter of consumer technology bypassing the mass technology.
What comes down to is really Sony doesn't give a crap about movie theaters because they don't own movie theaters.
They sell movies to these movie theaters and they could care less if their technology is going to impede on their business.
Can I just say this real quick?
Because I think DarkSakura makes a good point.
I think things like the 3DO and the CDI come to mind.
Those things kind of, to me, feel like they were a little ahead of their time.
and like the technology was really cool but the games were kind of crap and too much money.
You know what I mean?
I think a lot of that stuff was really ahead of its time.
I think all this stuff is a little too soon as well.
We've got other people in chat saying, Katsune in our chat room, yeah, I just got my HDTV.
I'm not going to get a 3D TV anytime soon.
Probably never.
And Miyamoto also thinks the 3D thing is happening too soon.
But see, the 3DS, I'm a lot cooler with that because let me tell you the best thing about the 3DS.
There's a little lever on the right side and when you get sick of 3D, you just turn it down and it goes off.
The difference between the 3DS and the PS3 The PS3 to see 3D, it requires you to buy a bunch of additional hardware Glasses that are really expensive The TV that's really expensive The 3DS, you turn it on and you see 3D And if you don't want to see 3D, you turn the little slider down
and the great thing about that too is if you know games say for example don't want to use 3d but they want to have a really high resolution well not really high resolution but a pretty high resolution screen they could do that because now the amount of pixels that are on the second screen are nearly doubled and it's widescreen so you can do pseudo HD type stuff on there if you want to um
Sony's official guidelines for 3D gaming on the PS3 limit the displayed image to a resolution of 720p.
Even games that run natively at 1080p, like Super Stardust HD, are downscaled to 3D mode to two 720p images, one for each eye.
And I'm guessing this is because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
1080p also expenses the 60 frames per second so for example Blu-ray movies run at 24 frames per second um
I don't know, it's interesting.
Honestly, with resolutions and stuff like that, I don't really think it matters.
I mean, if you're looking at high def in 3D, it's not going to matter.
It's going to look cool.
Whether it's 1080p or 720p.
I mean, when you have the glasses on, you don't really give a shit.
You're like, oh damn, this is just horrible in the 720p.
What am I, like, a peasant here?
This is ridiculous.
It's not enough pee for me.
I need more pee.
One thing, though, kind of going back to this that I had to laugh about, and this isn't even really the 3D stuff, but it just kind of stuck out to me in my mind during the Sony press conference because it made no sense to me as far as an actual feature that you would advertise to your customers.
One of the things that they said regarding the PlayStation Move is like,
Thank you for watching!
and that was a feature that they threw out there and I'm like I've never seen people not able to put you know two different control schemes on one disc before because of disc space oh my god we can't fit why would you even put a separate copy of the game on the disc that's a little redundant if you ask me I'm trying to think I think you could go back like 15 years
Super Nintendo, King Arthur
and because they were released later on would be those new play control games because they have the Wii Remote.
But that was added later and that does not count.
I mean, that is not something that they released.
That was the equivalent of re-releasing the same movie on Blu-ray 3D.
Yeah, exactly.
And I'm sorry, but nobody is making that argument.
Oh, well, you know, you're going to have to buy a separate version of Halo 4, the Kinect version because we just can't fit it on those pesky DVDs.
We have to create a whole other game.
That's just stupid.
Going to another little side conversation in our chat room, SSJ100Matt is saying, do we really need 3D?
And some of the response is, no, no, no.
It's a stupid gimmick.
Well, and then the other thing, if you want to argue it, 3D is obviously taking away some sort of processing power from your games.
So they're going to have to make the games slightly less powerful.
You gotta think that that's got a bottleneck somewhere.
So...
I just don't think I've ever really experienced 3D where it was like oh my god blow my hair back amazing like this is just like when I went and saw Avatar in 3D I was like okay this is cool but I probably would have liked the movie just the same in 2D I wasn't like oh my god 3D was just everything I was moved to tears it was better than having my dick sucked it was amazing you know it just wasn't that amazing
Great, you know?
3D was not necessary.
I thought it actually added a very good dimension to the movie, but that was... It was neat, but... Wait, you wouldn't have felt the same way about the movie in 2D?
I probably would have liked it, but if I had seen them both side by side, my preference would go to the 3D.
If it's going to cost this much money to upgrade right now too, it has to be truly... Well, it's not cost effective right now.
I mean, it's by no means cost effective.
And just wait anyways because it's only a matter of years before holograms.
And then you're going to have to buy your hologram TV.
One step closer to the holodeck, as we always say.
That's gaming's ultimate goal is the holodeck from Star Trek The Next Generation.
Everything is just one step closer to the holodeck.
I have a holodeck in my backyard.
Frisbee says, question, all games suggest that you take a 15 minute break after one hour of playing.
How many people will hurt their eyes with this 3D stuff?
I'm kind of curious what the safety manual and disclaimers are going to look like on the 3DS.
I'm very curious.
Don't play for more than five seconds.
Well, here's the best part about the 3DS.
If it starts bugging your eyes, there's a little slider to turn the 3D off.
Oh my god, and that's awesome.
One of the comments I wanted to read, SJ100Matt in our chatroom said, Give it five years, maybe there will be enough support for it.
Right now there's nothing worthwhile.
It's all James Cameron's fault.
Maybe that stupid rant he had in E3 2009 actually meant something.
I don't remember that rant, but apparently he got up on stage and talked kind of about the 3D stuff.
We weren't ready for it.
We're not ready to handle it.
You can't handle that extra D. You can't handle the truth.
But look at 3D and what it's done so far to cinema.
We're getting a lot of gimmicky movies.
And we got a lot of gimmicky movies back when the red and blue glass 3D was really popular.
Just a lot of like...
Final Destination in 3D.
Oh, look at the head flew towards me!
Saw in 3D.
Oh, look at the head flying towards me!
Jaws in 3D.
Oh, look at the head flying towards me!
It's basically the same stuff over and over.
And a lot of these movies that don't necessarily need 3D, like Clash of the Titans, have the 3D tacked onto it, and it looks like shit.
So, take that...
and add that to, say, games, and now you're going to get 3D games that look like shit.
It just occurred to me, I thought of something that was, blow my hair back, amazing, 3D experience, that 3D was intricate and necessary to the presentation that would not have been the same without it.
Captain EO.
I was thinking the same thing.
Well, and remember that seventh portal thing, the Marvel thing at Great America?
Those rides that are like that.
The Muppet Show.
Captain EO, really.
Captain EO was first, and Captain EO was what, 1985?
86?
Yeah.
When Captain EO comes out on these 3D TVs, wake me up.
Then maybe I'm ready for 3D TVs.
In the meantime, let's move on to something else that's completely unnecessary.
Can you imagine if they did a Captain EO game?
That's what the Michael Jackson game should be.
None of this imitate his dance moves.
I don't give a shit about that.
Captain EO and Michael Jackson Moonwalker 2.
Amazing.
Moonwalker HD.
SSJ100 Matt says your other answer is Lawnmower Man.
Remember when virtual reality was like the big... Oh my god.
Virtual reality.
They tried.
And stock footage of all the Mind's Eye stuff.
Ooh, that was really cool.
Yeah, I remember back in the day when virtual reality stuff was really big.
God, we were stupid back then.
Alright.
Speaking of things that are completely useless and unnecessary, Real ID.
Had to do that.
That's a fantastic tie-in, Rob.
I'm very proud of you.
Three weeks in a row I'm talking about this.
And look, look, again, I'm going to say this.
I know a lot of you could give two shits about World of Warcraft, but this is important because where Blizzard goes, other companies will inevitably follow.
I'm going to keep it brief this week.
There's two quick things that happen to Real ID that are newsworthy and necessary to cover.
First off, this is kind of one of those like,
Part of it's really funny, and the other part is actually not funny at all.
And that is that a bunch of people, when this real ID, and going back to when Blizzard was saying, oh, we're going to post your real name to the forum whenever you want to make a post, right?
Remember that whole thing they had to retract last week?
Well, a lot of people complained to the ESRB.
And a lot of people wrote them and said, this game is violating our privacy.
You should go back and re-rate this game.
Right?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
well here's the part about it that really sucks all of the people that wrote in to complain yeah all of their names and email addresses were in the to field because somebody didn't think oh I should put those in the BCC field so all of the people who complained had their email addresses exposed
Oh, they're going to sue.
And now, granted, ESRB wrote an apology not even 24 hours later.
They sent out an apology.
And the nice thing was they kind of addressed the irony.
They didn't try to beat around the bush.
They did say in their apology, "...the fact that our message addressed individuals' concerns with respect to their privacy underscores how truly disappointing a mistake this was on our part.
We work with companies to ensure they are handling people's private information with confidentiality, care, and respect."
It is only right that we set a good example and do no leves ourselves.
So at least they didn't try to give you a BS corporate answer.
Well, I mean, to some extent.
It was a little washed out.
You know when they said that, like, aw, crap.
Well, first off, you know an intern did this.
And secondly, like, when he hit the send button, you know he went, aw, fuck.
I'm going home.
Please, please, please.
I gotta go.
Please don't crap on interns.
I'm planning on being an intern.
I am an intern.
I'm...
I'm just saying.
It's not that I'm crapping on interns.
An intern designed the FedEx logo.
Okay.
The Federal Express logo or the FedEx logo?
The FedEx logo.
Eh.
It's clever.
Regardless of whether it was an intern or the CEO, you know after clicking the send button they went, ah, fuck.
Thanks for watching!
There's more in the Real ID saga.
And this is important because after all the ranting I've done in previous episodes, if Blizzard's going to come out and say, oops, we made a mistake, we should change it, I think it should be acknowledged.
And to some extent, that's what's happened this week.
Nethera, who's one of the community managers, did post on the official WoW forums about some Real ID follow-ups.
One, my biggest complaint about the system as it was, the Friends of Friends feature.
She went on to say, they've been evaluating how Real ID has been used since it's released to identify the new functionality that will help improve our players' experience, blah, blah, blah.
The in-game Real ID Friends of Friends list is designed to give players a convenient way to populate the Real ID Friends list, blah, blah, blah, corporate speak, corporate speak.
Oh, however, we recognize that some players would prefer not to be displayed on friends lists in this fashion, so we plan to include an option that will allow players to opt out of appearing on their real ID friends, friends of friends lists.
This should be ready by the first StarCraft 2 patch.
Yay!
Yay, someone knocked some sense into Blizzard.
But I'm not totally over this yet.
Am I to the point now where my number one concern with real ID was addressed?
Yes.
But I still get a little nervous because remember last week we had that story about the one line of code that would show your real name out there?
Now, yes, it was hotfix, blah, blah, blah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and after all this mess of the past few months and Real ID and this whole trying to get closer and closer into bed with Facebook I'm kind of really concerned about what Blizzard has planned for their next MMO.
FaceCraft?
What are your plans for Facebook integration?
With regard to Facebook, our goal is to help Blizzard gamers on Battle.net more easily connect to their real-life friends and family.
For the launch of StarCraft II, we are introducing an optional Facebook Friend Finder feature to help achieve this goal.
The Friend Finder enables players who decide to use it to easily populate their Battle.net friends list by sending real ID friend requests to the people on their Facebook friends list who have Battle.net accounts.
We hope players will find this feature convenient, but it's completely optional.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So in other words, you can now, if you want to go onto Facebook and pull all of your friends' real IDs from your Facebook, you can do that, I think is what they're saying.
Do not want!
This way, people in China that may have to leave their game to visit friends and family don't have to do that.
They can sit there and play their games.
I do not like this direction that Blizzard is going.
They are a gaming company.
Stop trying to be a social network.
Throughout all of this, what they really should have learned...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
These guys should come in, sit down, and really ask themselves, why are we here?
What is the goal of our company?
Why do people pay us $15 a month?
To make money.
That's all they're for the money.
Do they pay us $15 a month so that they can have their real lives, be reminded of their real life and their Facebook friends and all this all the time?
No.
People pay $15 a month to escape the real world and slay internet dragons.
That is why they pay the money.
Are people leaving the game in droves because of this?
Yes.
I don't think they are.
We're sorry.
and then they'll come right back and then they'll get screwed again.
Salacious Pop says this beautifully.
If they are already a real life friend, I know where they are because I've met them.
If I want to be on their Facebook, I will call and ask.
Perfect.
You know what?
From here on out, until Blizzard has decided that they are not going to get into bed with Facebook so much anymore and keep sucking their dick as they've been so much recently, until Blizzard comes out and says, we are games first, I'm going to be referring to Blizzard as Bazinga.
Because that is what they are.
They are Blizzard meets Zynga.
So Blazinga from here on out.
When I say that on the show, you know who I'm talking about.
But until they have decided, you know what, we are a gaming company first and maybe we should not try to get so much into the social network stuff or push it down everybody's throats as hard as we've been, they are Blazinga.
and Blazinga needs to take a cue from Xbox Live because I think it's one of the things that Microsoft has done very, very well in Excel Z. And the great thing about Xbox Live, it does have that community feeling.
You have achievements and messages and you have that Facebook integration if you want it and you can find Facebook friends if you want to.
It's done right on Xbox Live, I think.
I don't understand why they make it like you can't... Like all of a sudden I have to find my friends out there.
I mean, there's so many social networking sites out there right now.
Twitter, Facebook, MySpace if you're still using it.
And a whole bunch of other sites.
And games that do this.
Why do I need their help in connecting with my friends?
I've already connected with my friends probably a dozen times now.
and, you know, there is still the phone, there's still mail, there's still, you know, email, there's still a bunch of other ways to talk to your friends.
I just don't understand, it's like, oh my god, I'm cut off from the rest of the world unless, unless I, I use Blizzard to connect with my friends!
Let's see here.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, Sky, maybe they should pull an Apple and do a Q&A press conference, lol.
Well, that's why BlazingaCon 2010 this year is going to be awesome.
Because there are going to be some of those people that bought tickets before all this shit happened that are going to the con.
Those developer Q&As are going to be awesome.
I hate BlizzCon.
I kind of think it's kind of ridiculous and I have zero interest in going and paying $150 to go to one company's E3 booth.
But look, this would be the year to go.
It's the point where I'm seriously considering getting the direct TV feed because those Q&A sessions are going to be awesome.
Angry nerds in the building with the developers who anger them.
They will not be angry.
Reality television show.
They'll be drinking the Kool-Aid.
Tables will be overturned.
They'll be taking it and they'll be like, hey, look at this we got for you.
And they'll be like, oh, I forgive you for everything you've done.
That's so awesome.
Oh, my God.
Unicycles now in World of Warcraft.
That's just the best thing ever.
People are sheep.
And you know what?
The people that follow Apple products, the people that follow Blizzard products, and countless other different brands out there that just eat up this shit despite all the crap that they do, they're gonna still be playing the game.
They're still gonna forgive them.
And you know what?
If they leave for World of Warcraft, they'll come back for whatever the fuck next MMO they've got because, oh, Blizzard's fun.
I'll give them another try.
No one's gonna... No one really just up and just says, Oh, forget it.
I'm not dealing with them anymore.
Until their next shiny thing comes out, they're just gonna be right back where they were before.
I will say that I have quit MMOs from principle.
So... But... Go ahead.
But that's just the type of person I am.
If I don't like something, I'm not gonna put up with it.
But would you go back if your problem changed?
Probably not.
Really?
Probably not.
Well, I mean...
What came?
Yeah.
I agree with him.
I agree.
This kind of reminds me though, SSJ100 Matt says, are you people still mad at Blizzard about no LAN support?
Blazinga, please.
Blazinga, whatever.
That's your thing, okay?
I'm not going to try to remember that because that's stupid.
The name's stupid.
I'm with the work on the name.
Because Zynga are the people that make Farmville.
I understand that.
I get the reference.
We don't need to point more attention to them.
No, I was just saying that he brings out a perfect point.
Because they took out a feature that really pissed off everybody else and they're like, oh, I'm boycotting the game.
How much do you want to bet that StarCraft 2 sells millions of fucking copies and it would be like as if
That never happened.
As if those features were never removed that maybe the fans still bought it anyways despite being pissed off at the company.
So you're basically saying never forget you were pissed about the LAN thing.
Never forget!
I've got more of those.
There was something else I saw earlier this week that reminded me of it.
I guess we can talk about it real quick because it sort of ties in with Activision.
Real quick because we've got to move on.
Real quick.
I'm sorry.
There's another tangent I have to go on here.
Okay, real quick.
Remember how I brought up, and no one seemed to give a fucking shit about it, remember how I brought up that Activision is starting to price Wii games, remember the Wii games usually are 50 bucks retail at the most, for 60 dollars retail for certain games because they think that they should get some more money because, you know, music licensing or whatever.
I forgot, thank you for reminding me to never forget.
And I'm not saying that Activision is the only one to blame, too, because Beatles Rock Band, same thing happened with that.
They were charging $60 for the Wii version of the game.
Well, guess what?
It's been another year, no one's really complained, and it's happening again.
And guess what?
It's not just happening now with music games, but the new Tony Hawk game is also going to be $60 on the Wii.
Why?
No one's going to buy it anyways.
And now you're giving them another reason not to buy it.
But also, you know, Guitar Hero, Warriors of Rock, I'm sure DJ Hero 2.
Those are all $60 price points.
You guys need to not forget this stuff because they're going to start sneaking out more games like that.
And I know for me, that's not a big deal because I don't game that much on the Wii.
But for other people, it might be a big deal.
And if you don't stop it here, they're just going to keep going.
What's going to stop them from saying, oh, well, now we're adding 3D interface.
to our 360 games.
They're going to be $70 retail.
Vote with your wallet.
Seriously, so point it out.
I think we should make Lokis never forget a regular segment.
Ray Iannami says he doesn't play any Blizzard game anyways.
You know, you may not play StarCraft 2 or Diablo 3 or this unannounced MMO, but the reason why we spend so much time on it, and I apologize, I know not everyone's into WoW, but keep in mind, WoW is that behemoth of an RPG game right now anyway.
Where they go, a lot of the industry tends to follow.
Blizzard right now is the Rockefellers.
Back in the day and you know what happened with them.
Go back and read a history book.
This came up last week and I think it's doubly true after a lot of this Blazinga talk this week.
The WoW killer is WoW.
It's just a matter of when.
I will tell you what the WoW killer is not because I was reminded I didn't even mention this during my gaming week.
I played the Final Fantasy XIV beta this week.
I spent a little time with it.
This is my little tangent I wanted to get on because I forgot to mention this during my gaming week.
I played the Final Fantasy XIV beta on Tuesday.
I'm not sure if I'm actually supposed to be talking about it or not.
Who cares?
Who cares?
I'll tell you this.
It's not my account, so I'm not under any NDA.
So anyhow, I'm not going to tell you whose it is, though.
I played the beta and it's awful.
It is awful.
It is horrible, awful, laggy, not fun.
I'm not buying this game when it comes out if it's in this shape.
Granted, it's a beta, not a demo.
Betas are buggy, betas are slow, but betas also are supposed to give me an impression at least of what I'm to expect in the final product.
I got dumped into this world with no explanation what I was supposed to do, where I'm supposed to go, how you proceed, all these fancy big words of guildlevs and armathith crystals and these quests and all these things, and I realized I could probably go online and figure it out, but I thought the big thing about Final Fantasy XIV was that it was supposed to be
more accessible than Final Fantasy 11 was.
It's not in its current shape.
This game is supposed to come out September 30th.
It is not ready.
Not ready.
I'll try it again.
I'll try the beta one more time before the actual game's released to see if maybe they added some expositions.
I will say this.
At first, I was like, ooh, this is pretty.
Ooh, this cutscene is so pretty.
Ooh, my character's in this cutscene.
Oh my gosh, this is a beautiful game.
This looks so amazing.
This character customization's really thorough.
And then I was stuck in the city running around for an hour because I had no idea where the hell I was supposed to be going.
or what I was supposed to be doing.
I want to try it.
It's bad.
I still want to try it.
It's bad.
I want to try it, though.
Just so I can see how bad.
SSJ100Matt says, So wait, Rob, what you're describing is Final Fantasy XI.
Yeah, kinda.
Yeah.
At least with Final Fantasy XI, I don't know, maybe it was because I had friends that played, but I still feel like I was able to figure it out somewhat, but like...
I went into combat I was fighting like a rat or something I don't even know and like I got frozen in combat and the rat wasn't targetable anymore and I had to like abandon the quest and if I wanted to start the quest again I would have had to run 30 minutes back into town like it's just it was ridiculous again I know it's a beta I'm not supposed to be giving my final impressions on the game but if the beta was supposed to be like raising my excitement for somebody that spent three years of his life playing Final Fantasy 11 didn't work tell you that
That's a shame.
Yeah, it is a shame.
It's a real shame.
What's also a shame nowadays is that it will still be released on the 30th.
And what will happen then is just, oh, we'll patch it later.
Well, I mean, they still have time to patch it, but not much.
All right, let's actually get to another story.
I'm sorry we've taken up so much time with real ID and stuff.
But, you know, this stuff's important.
Jamie, what do you got for us?
One about a story I never played.
Nice.
But that's okay, because a lot of people love games on Facebook.
And a lot of people love Zuma.
I think you said you liked Zuma, didn't you?
Zuma's pretty fun.
It's not my favorite PopCap game, but I don't think there's any PopCap games that are really bad, per se.
They get the job done, as far as casual games go.
They're all crackerific.
I love Peggle.
I love Peggle, too.
At any rate, Zuma Blitz is going to be coming out on Facebook.
They're supposed to have in about three weeks with a beta.
And then we should start seeing tournaments and levels and experience points and getting different features and a treasure chest and virtual currency and blah, blah, blah.
So it should be cool.
I mean, it's going to go up there with Bejeweled Blitz.
And that's got a lot of people playing it.
I like me some Zuma and it should be good.
I know a lot of people eat that up, especially on Facebook.
It's going to be cool.
The only thing that I play on Facebook right now is that Hotel City thing.
You know who would like that?
Extifer.
He used to play lots of Zuma.
That's right, he did.
Someone should tell him.
He should be listening.
Blazinga, take note.
PopCap knows how to do the Facebook integration thing.
Just saying.
and um well
No, never mind.
We've beaten this horse.
It's already dead and bleeding from his pores.
Give it another whip.
You haven't said enough on this.
We didn't skin the horse yet.
It's not over until we skin the horse.
Because my Vicodin's wearing off.
I really think that, well, I was just thinking about what you said about them really needing to sit down and go over their business model.
But what if this is actually a true integrated part of their business model?
Abandon ship.
I'm going to just go back and say one thing about it.
Everybody, if you really are displeased with it, do it in numbers.
Hit them in the bank and do it with people.
Organize.
But then where will I fight my internet dragons?
There's other games, Rob.
It's just not the same.
What did I say last time?
Principle versus entertainment.
What's more important?
I don't know.
I really like entertainment, Jamie.
Entertainment Rob rarely got anything going in motion.
Well, this is interesting.
THQ apparently is impressed by the 3DS piracy protection.
Of course, you may remember the piracy has been a really big problem for the Nintendo DS and, you know,
and many more.
he added they combated piracy on the DSi which they don't believe is cracked yet but they know they've been hurt across the world and they believe that the 3DS has got the technology to stop that I'm kind of curious what that is but I guess they can't tell us or the pirates would start getting to work well here's my observation about that Nintendo thinks that they've stopped piracy on the DSi really
I mean, because I've seen flashcards for the DSi.
I'm not going to go buy a DSi because I'm probably going to pick up a 3DS eventually.
But, I mean, they haven't stopped piracy on the DSi, so...
and they're just going to get smarter.
Since it's basically cartridges it's reading off of, if you can mimic the data that's on there, then I don't see how it can really stop it.
They have anti-piracy measures that they put into the games, but
It takes like a week or two to crack them at the most.
A lot of them get cracked day one, if not early, because they come out in other regions.
I guess we won't really truly have the second half to this story until 3DS is out.
We know what that anti-piracy measure is, but it just seems like an echo of what we always hear.
It'll probably take a few months, but considering the technology is still going to be somewhat backwards compatible because it's going to be playing DS games, it's going to probably be as easy to crack as the DSi.
It'll be a matter of time.
I don't think they've finally solved the problem.
Well, here's something, and maybe this ties into it.
I don't know.
This could be interesting.
But you know the 3DS has something that they talked about briefly called Tag Mode, which I always thought was supposed to be a part of the regular DS, but it kind of wasn't.
But anyway, what Tag Mode's supposed to be
It's a passive communication feature that lets the DS systems talk to each other and send the data back and forth.
Which I always thought was some type of... It was in the DS, right?
Because you could carry Animal Crossing around in your pocket.
But of course now you had to have the game on and you had to be in that mode that sent out the letter in the bottle or whatever it was, that mode.
Remember that?
You could send the letters in the bottle and...
But anyhow, I'm assuming this tag mode doesn't require that?
Like maybe your DS can be off and it still will tag?
Maybe it uses low battery power to still kind of do this when it's asleep?
Yeah.
I don't know.
But there is a little more information given by Hideki Kono, who is the platform producer of the 3DS, in an interview with Wired Magazine.
He says, "...in the hardware, we have the capability that when you first play a game that supports tag mode, it will save to a tag mode data slot in the hardware system."
We're planning to support multiple games at the same time.
So that's the difference.
Mario Kart, Nintendogs, Animal Crossing, and so forth.
I see, because right now the game does have to be running.
So there'll actually be a tag mode viewer where you can manage the data.
It will bring consumers a sense of wanting to play a game again after they get new data from games that they'd already forgotten about.
What if the piracy is firmware updates delivered through tag?
I'm sure that's one way they can do it.
That's what I'm thinking.
Maybe that's one of the ways they're going to do it.
You don't have a choice.
These things are going to show up on your system because you walked by someone else with the newer firmware.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
I bet that's it.
I bet that's one of the anti-piracy measures they have.
Well, one of the original ways that they used to have the flashcards kind of work is they had some sort of thing with the Wi-Fi where you could do something with that.
I don't remember.
I probably sound like an idiot with this.
But I know there was something that involved Wi-Fi at one point with the original DS flashcards and stuff when they were first getting those to work with proprietary code and stuff like that.
Um...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Look at LittleBigPlanet, though.
Or ModNationRacers, which that's the whole thing, basically.
Exactly.
Such a missed opportunity.
SSJ100Matt, in commenting on the possible maybe tag mode is the anti-piracy, SSJ100Matt says, Nintendo isn't that smart.
Let's see.
ToyGak says, Wireless is a battery hog.
It better not be on.
You can probably turn it off.
Well, yeah, and maybe there's probably a thing where it uses really, really low battery until it detects that DS, and then it uses it for a minute and then shuts back off.
I don't see why the technology isn't there to do that, where it slowly drains your battery.
But the battery power, you know, it's been, what, five years since the last DS?
Sorry, not the last DS, but the first DS.
I would think they've probably made the batteries in those things a lot better.
And it's not like the games probably require that much more battery.
I mean, yeah, they're 3D, but I don't think it's gonna be that much more.
and SJ100Matt says, yeah, it does sound like the Pokey Walker type of technology.
SJ100Matt also says, maybe they can track me via my 20-digit friend code.
Didn't they say they're going to... Oh, God, I hope they're not going to do friend codes this time around.
I think they kind of hinted they might be doing away with it or changing it, I suppose.
10-digit friend codes, woo-hoo.
All right.
One-digit friend codes.
All right, let's move on to another story.
DarkSakura's got something for us and then release dates and the classic game of the week is not too far away.
Well, for fans of Josh Stone, she's going to be the next Bond girl, at least in James Bond Bloodstone.
Josh Stone.
Bloodstone.
She'll be playing Nicole Hunter, who is a socialite, works in diamonds, and said that she thinks it's crazy to be a Bond girl.
So, um, just talking about having full body scan and everything, but it's supposed to be a third person, um, cover based shooter with vehicle stuff in there.
It's the bizarre creation.
Including cars and speedboats.
So, should be fun.
Her name is Nicole Hunter.
Nicole Hunter She described the character as a posh version of Paris Hilton
Thanks for watching!
Of course, if you want to make the character more posher, you should have gotten Posh Spice, not Joss Stone.
I was saying classy.
At any rate, if they want to make a real trailer trash, they probably just could have called her Atmore Motel 6.
Salacious Pop, thank you.
Christmas Jones.
She was a nuclear physicist.
That was Denise Richards in whatever, like, was it Tomorrow Never Dies?
She played a character named Christmas Jones.
How ridiculous is that name?
Christmas Jones.
Nicole Hunter?
That's, I don't, like, I don't know.
I probably knew a girl in high school named that.
Like, that's not that exciting.
Uh...
Now we got all these random Bond girl type names being yelled out here.
Honey Rider, Posher Spice, maybe that could be the name.
Toagax says Paris Hilton equals pussy here, pussy there, pussy, pussy everywhere.
That's kind of how she got famous.
Bond girl names could be exchangeable with porn star names too.
Oh yeah, Jinx.
Wasn't Hal Berry like Jinx?
What was her name?
I think it was Jinx because they were going to do a spin-off movie.
By the way, you know what my favorite porn star name is?
What?
Allison Chains.
I just thought it was funny.
And lastly, before we move on to release dates, Salacious Pop in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com says, How is Paris Hilton like Kansas?
Both are flat, white, and easy to enter.
Ha!
Strawberry Fields.
Really?
That was a Bond girl?
Strawberry Fields?
See Strawberry Fields, Pussy Galore, Christmas Jones, Nicole Hunter.
It just doesn't work.
All right, let's move on.
Release dates.
Travel around the world and talk about games coming out soon.
Hit a store near you.
We'll start with the U.S., Loki.
You know, her name's sort of broken down.
It could sound like Hole Hunter, so I mean that, you know.
What about Mike Hunter?
Mike Hunter.
That would have been better.
I did know a guy named Benjamin Dover.
Poor guy.
So stuff coming out this week.
Not a whole lot because July is a pretty slow month, but there's some generic DS games, of course, coming out.
Hidden Objects Mystery Stories.
It's another Hidden Objects game.
Yeah, because there's not a lot of those on the DS.
Apparently Trackmania Turbo, but I somehow doubt that's actually coming out because I think it's late to October.
uh Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena which also I believe was delayed forever uh and I definitely know Trackmania on the Wii man you know GameStop needs update their fucking release list it is terrible um Mumbo Jumbo six pack second edition it's six games from Mumbo Jumbo that you can buy on PC hooray um
Wow, is that it?
So there's like nothing coming out this week.
That can't be right.
Maybe it's just a slow week.
Well, Hidden Objects Mystery Stories it is.
I gotta go back to chat.
I know the Bond girl thing's getting old.
I'll look at a different list because that's a pathetic list.
Derek H is in our chat tonight.
He's actually the brains behind the big battle over at Dead Pixel Live, so welcome.
He says, Christmas Jones led to the worst end lines of any Bond film.
I thought Christmas only came once a year.
But I'm bummed.
Okay, there is other things this week.
I forgot.
They had them on Wii release dates, so it didn't really make sense to me.
Dark Star 1 Broken Alliance on Xbox 360, which that game actually reminds me, I don't know if anyone remembers this PlayStation 1 game, but Colony Wars, or even like Descent Free Space, so that might be kind of cool on 360.
Arkrise Fantasia on the Wii, really awesome role-playing game.
And...
Cats and Dogs, Revenge of Kitty Galore on DS.
And I don't think it's on this list, but I remember it.
And why the god hell did they make this game in the first place?
The Bachelor, featuring The Bachelorette as well on Wii and DS.
Yes, The Bachelor video game.
That is correct.
And Zany Golf on Wii.
Really?
Like, what game do you make?
Is that the closest thing we're going to get in America to a dating sim?
Um, maybe?
I want to be the bachelor that rejects them all.
Like, didn't that happen on one of them?
Like, he or she, I don't remember, one of them just said, you know what?
You all suck.
I don't want any of you.
Fuck you all.
I'm out of here.
Later.
That's how I play the game.
Losers.
I just want to get laid.
Done.
I don't need you.
I thought Christmas only came once a year.
The Xbox 360 in Japan this week.
Blur Razors comes out in Japan this week.
You know, I'm kind of thinking that is actually Blur over there, and it is.
But they call it Blur.
It's Blur Racers on this website.
It's incorrectly spelled.
I know.
That's so English.
Blur Racers.
Blur Racers.
Blue Racers with a Z, by the way, that's important.
Blur Racers with a Z is out in Japan this week.
Stop it.
99 Nights 2 comes out in Japan this week.
I saw that on the shelf at the gaming store.
I thought about buying it for five seconds and I was like, what am I thinking?
That's pretty much it on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
So unfortunately, you guys had to wait for some of the games we've had here.
But on PlayStation 3, you get Blur Racers as well, or Kentomahu to Gakuno Mono is coming out as well.
I don't even know what this is.
This is an upgraded version of the cute fantasy school life RPG.
So this must be a remake of an old game that's now available.
It looks like it involves kind of like the card style battle in the game.
Shadow of Summoner
You control a light source to solve puzzles and battle monsters This is not a game I'm familiar with over here No, that's, oh god, Lost in Shadow, that's coming out Is it?
It's that really cool trippy puzzle platform game I did see that at PAX East, I think they were showing that Okay, okay, so it's that, it's Kage no Tool over there in Japan Yeah, it's coming out over here in September Okay
I like how on PlayAsia they have a wonderful combo where I can buy Blur Razors for the PS3 and I can combo with Blur Razors for the PS3.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's Blur on the PS3.
In case I want both versions of the game.
You're going to play American and Japanese.
Why not?
It's the same game.
Why not?
Play them both.
It's region-free.
on the Nintendo DS.
Katekyo Hitman Reborn DS Flame Rumble XX.
Yes, that is really the game's name.
They have some crazy names over there.
They like their subtitles.
They love their subtitles.
They really do.
Well, remember how long the one Street Fighter I have is like something, something, something for matching service.
Remember, the longer the subtitles, the better the game.
TV Anime, Fairy Tale Gekitou, Madushi Kessen comes out as well.
Is this like an interactive anime?
That sounds like a really good game.
It looks like an action game that's just based on an anime.
Like the anime plays on the bottom screen and you're kind of controlling the top screen.
That looks a little silly.
and lastly going to the PSP for Japanese release dates Fate slash Extra is the big release this week on the PSP it's coming out regular and limited editions because the only thing they love more in subtitles are limited editions in Japan
Yeah, but my limited edition has a bowl and a plate and a knife and a clock.
Well, this is an RPG on the PSP.
It actually looks kind of cool.
It's kind of got a very Phantasy Star look to it.
The newer Phantasy Star games, that is.
Yeah.
Kind of in its like action-y type attack.
I gotta say, this looks kind of neat, actually.
Who's this by?
Marvelous.
So it's not even by Sega, but it kind of looks inspired by the newer Phantasy Star games, at least to me, at first glance.
There it is, your Japanese release dates.
How about the UK?
Well, in the UK, we have some games.
We have, um, on the 19th, we have Alien Swarm, and the 20th, Need for Speed World.
Those are both PC, by the way.
The 23rd is Dragon Quest IX, Sentinels of the Starry Skies, and that's it until, yeah, that's it.
All right.
Just a couple quick more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week while we transition into Part B tonight.
Loki, you got something else for us.
If you've signed up for the PlayStation Plus service, you may be a wonderful contestant in checking out Hulu Plus as well.
Hey, it's another service with plus in the name.
It's gotta be good, right?
Which will become available to select subscribers of the Sony's PlayStation Plus program starting now.
Apparently, eventually all subscribers may be able to check out the...
Hulu Plus service once it finally launches but as of right now you can download the Hulu Plus software and request an invitation to an exclusive preview and if you're chosen then you can preview the wonderful stuff that Hulu Plus will be allowing you to check out
Am I hearing you correctly that you're telling me if I pay Sony $50 a year, I might get the opportunity, I could be the lucky, I might get selected, my name might get pulled out of that hat, and I would be given the opportunity with my $50 a year to pay Hulu $10 a year to watch old crap on TV.
Am I correct in what I'm hearing?
You are correct, and doesn't it sound awesome?
Sign me the fuck up!
All this and core?
Wow!
I don't know, I got nothing.
It was beyond my ability to comment on, Rob.
Wait, can I tune in Hulu Plus stuff on my TV in my Sony home apartment?
Probably not.
Aw, well, can I possibly, I don't know, put out Core magazines in my Sony apartment on home, like on my coffee table or anything like that?
I don't think you can do that, but in the mall they sometimes show clips from Core.
Oh wow, clips.
I'm going to stay there in the mall forever until I see the whole month of Core, just so I don't have to pay for it.
And eventually I'll see all the clips.
So that's going to be a worthwhile investment of my time.
You know there's the OLR Clubhouse right now, right?
We have a clubhouse at home.
Dumbest $5 I ever spent, but I had to do it.
OLR we love to explore new ways to interact with our audience and all these social things so I spent some of those ways may not be good stupid dollars look look I took the hit for the team okay I spent five dollars on this clubhouse and home right now we're limited to 25 members and believe it or not I don't know how this is possible but we I can't like I still get requests like at least once a week to join the club and I I can't I have to just file them away and trust me you're not missing out on anything yeah
Here's the thing.
The clubhouse is a room, and I decorated it with the arcade machines that I won in the Namco demo, and I tried to put some stuff in there, but I can't put anything OLR-related in there.
I can't put a clip from the show.
There's a giant TV that sits at the top of the clubhouse.
I can't do anything with it.
I can't even put the OLR artwork on the wall.
I can do nothing.
So what you're saying is you've transformed your OLR clubhouse into your game room.
Yes, I did.
Oh.
and I paid five bucks for that exclusive opportunity to beta test the clubhouses.
Feeling a little impotent now.
I'm just shocked.
I'm hearing the words come out of my mouth, and I want to smack myself on the back of the head and call me an idiot.
I paid $5 to beta test the clubhouse.
Here's the funny part about it, though.
God, I'm an idiot.
They're still, like, gung-ho with home and saying, oh, it's such a wonderful platform.
Oh, my God, it's so successful.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It's just so funny.
Okay, okay.
We're gonna make this just fucking kick-ass game at home and we're gonna give it away for free, alright?
You ready?
You ready?
You're gonna be in a tank and you go around in this 3D space and you shoot other tanks.
Oh my god!
Print!
Run with it.
It's amazing.
And you can like post to your... You'll be able to post to your Twitter when you overtake other tanks and you'll win stuff for your house.
But not your real house, your fake house.
And shirts.
Oh, but then you have to pay for additional levels once you get there.
And for the record, I never got to the point where I had to buy additional levels because I got bored of the game that quick.
And for those that think we're being Xbox fanboys right now and giving Sony an unbelievable amount of hate, look, I'll just say this.
Never forget Yaris.
So it can happen to anyone, all right?
Hey, speaking of the Xbox Actually, maybe this is a good thing to follow it up with You know how they're making this awesome new channel called the Destination Arcade Actually, it's not really It doesn't actually sound that awesome at all Destination Arcade is like this store that you can download to see the store in a whole new way
Destination Arcade
Well, guess what?
Major Nelson came out and said, Okay, so Destination Arcade, you're going to download it this week, and it's going to blow your mind, and then August 18th, we're shutting it off!
So it's a limited time only!
We fixed all the problems with Xbox Live Arcade, we made things easier to find!
For a limited time!
And then you're going to have to go back to finding things the old hard way.
Why bother?
So there you go.
I don't even have to defer to yours.
This is just as stupid.
You know what this is just like?
This is just like, hey, guess what, guys?
We know that you've been bitching about the D-pad forever.
And we're going to release these wonderful limited edition FIFA controllers that are green.
They have the D-pad fixed.
But it's only for a limited time.
We're going back to the crappy broken D-pad.
Okay, apparently...
I didn't even know this until just now.
Here's the best part.
Wait for it, guys.
Okay.
So Major Nelson had an interview with Shaq News, apparently, and said that... I didn't even know this.
I'm hearing this for the first time.
Said to Shaq News, if you've downloaded it, it will continue to work.
But you can only download it until August 18th, apparently.
So if you want to be part of this exclusive club, that's like...
That's like going to a mall.
You could go to Macy's to buy clothes.
Or you could go to JCPenney.
But you know what?
You had to sign up during this month-long promotion to go to JCPenney.
And if you didn't sign up during that time, there's going to be a guard at the door who's just going to bounce you.
Like, did you download this between July and August?
Come on in.
Fuck you.
Go to Macy's.
We don't want your business.
It's going to be like this.
It's going to be like, okay, if you've downloaded this program...
All the clothes will be on the shelf.
But if you haven't downloaded this program, you're gonna have to go to the store where all the clothes are in a giant pile in the middle of the store.
It'll be like that old Nick game show, Finders Keepers.
Just to let everybody know right now, at this point Rob has doubled over and put his head between his knees.
I mean, how many news stories have we read tonight that just don't make any fucking sense?
Like what is wrong with all of you?
Are you all high?
Did they give out drugs at E3 this year?
Well, why didn't we get to go then?
I want drugs.
I don't understand.
We don't have them.
Blazinga?
Sony?
Microsoft?
You're all stupid.
What is wrong?
Rob is breathless with disbelief.
We just figured it out.
Our eyes are open.
I just simply cannot.
I cannot.
Rob's gonna cry.
That's the perfect thing to do when you've solved problems in making things easier to find.
You cancel it.
That's perfect.
That makes sense to me.
Not much makes sense anymore in this world.
So enjoy this very special store that you can only download for a limited time.
And Salacious Pop's asking, so is it like a skin or what?
You know, I don't know.
I'm just told it's like this super special new way.
It's fairy dust, okay?
It's fairy dust.
I got nothing.
We're gonna offer this free game for a limited time.
It's featuring a car from Toyota called the Yaris.
It's gonna blow your mind.
Alright, you guys.
We're gonna put out this vision camera.
That was so bad it made me burp.
We're gonna put out this camera, and it's gonna allow you to play these awesome fucking games like Totem Ball!
Yeah, it's like pinball, but you use your hands.
Use your hands, you flail.
You make the pinball thingy go.
By the way, this is the same company that's putting out a camera this year that you're going to use your hands to...
Rob, it's too painful.
What if it's too late for me to sell back my vision camera for, say, some store credit?
Slaces pop and our chatroom says, Major Nelson announces new store, announces that Seattle has the best weed and that this dude at Rare takes the biggest bong hits he's ever seen.
You know what?
I think we need to take a... What?
Yes, Loki.
Final.
I have a great idea.
Yes.
We want to show off the Kinect to get people excited about it.
What store can we back Kinect with?
God.
Macy's.
Where do all the people that play Kinect gather on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays between noon and 8 p.m. ?
Where are they all at?
Where would I go?
Would I go to the mini golf?
No, fuck the mini golf place.
Would I go to the movies?
No, no.
Kinect players don't go to the movies.
I know.
We'll go to Macy's, who doesn't even have an electronics department.
What the fuck?
You're all high.
So let's take a look at the way they did it in the past.
Let's see how you used to get high in the 80s, huh?
With the trip down memory lane and the classic game of the week.
That's right.
We're going to take a moment to see the drug-induced effects of video games back in the day.
And boy, did Jamie pick a good one tonight for this topic, didn't you, Jamie?
I sure did.
I just want to point out, she picks these well before the show starts.
It's just too good tonight.
and I really put this in honor of Classic Gaming Expo because it's there every year.
You mean the whatever the fuck I went to.
California Extreme.
Whatever that thing was.
Yeah, California Extreme.
The event that let you in free with a media pass?
Yeah.
I know, they were great.
I'm covering it media-like and stuff.
By the way, she just took another bike and in folks, so you're in for a real treat in part B. My old one was wearing off.
I was in pain.
Anyway, so yeah, Journey.
Valley Midway put it out in the 80s, and it was after Frontiers, which was their 1983 album by Journey, got them really popular.
So...
It was supposed to go along with the U.S.
band tour, and then it was actually brought in Incredible Technologies, which is the second team of developers, to bring it out for Christmas around that time.
And so it features who the band members were at the time, which were Steve Perry, Neil Sean, Steve Smith, Jonathan Cain, and Ross Valerie.
They have sort of cartoon bodies, but their faces are really like these digital black and white photographs from while they were on tour.
And it was supposed to use this photo technology for another game, but it failed in location testing.
So anyway, you have to go through the game to find the different musical instruments or a microphone.
So you play each of the members of the band in these different levels to get their missing musical implement.
And now, turn this up.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
There was another game that Journey was in.
It was called Journey Escape for the Atari 2600.
This was listed as number 9 on the top 10 worst licensed game ideas ever for Game Informer 2007.
Well, Game Informer doesn't know dick, apparently, because Journey is awesome.
I want to see what this Journey Escape thing is.
Yeah, Journey Escape.
Here's from Emmanuel.
You're on a boat with Journey, one of the world's hottest rock groups.
A spectacular performance has just ended.
Now it's up to you to guide each Journey band member past hordes of love-crazy groupies, sneaky photographers, and shifty-eyed promoters to the safety of the Journey escape vehicle in time to make it to the next concert.
Your mighty manager and loyal roadies are there to help, but the escape is up to you.
Sounds like a 10 to me.
You have to make it to the Scarab escape vehicle, the same one that's on the cover.
I know, right?
It was very different from the arcade game, so if you only played the 2600... The song Escape, though, ironically, is not in the game.
But the intro is Don't Stop Believin'.
There you go.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Oh, and by the way, the manager is the Kool-Aid Man.
What?
Of the 2600 version?
The manager is inexplicably depicted as the Kool-Aid Man.
Hey, Kool-Aid Man!
Oh yeah!
Oh no!
Naughty, naughty, cool aid.
1vs100 got canned this week so you know we gotta talk about that cause it's kinda sad and yeah man there's a lot of stories here tonight that are just like bad ideas this is not good news week everybody I'm sorry but hopefully there'll be some good gems tonight go ahead to be fair we're actually not talking about the Macy's tour so much it's actually a lot other places oh there's the road show too we'll mention them both I'm sure
and there is some good news though we're going to talk about as well Mega Man Universe we'll talk about a little bit when we come back and we'll talk as well about a very very classic Atari 2600 game getting updated for the new millennium that should be kind of interesting so we'll talk about all that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio don't go anywhere we'll be right back
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this July the 18th, 2010 where we are taping live at All Games Radio.
We're moving into part B of our show and I gotta tell you, if you're just tuning in, we've had a pretty funny show so far.
Lots of fun chatter in part A, just a lot of weird news.
It's been a very weird week in gaming and a lot of strange ideas going on out there.
and the fun is going to continue here in part B if you are just joining us come to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com and have your say because you know the big part of our show what makes our show unique is you and your chats and your tweets that we're going to get to in a minute and all that good stuff
and I also want to call this out your awesome iTunes reviews when you say like nice things about us on the internet that make us feel warm and fuzzy I want to read one here in a minute but I got to pull it up so in the meantime let's get to some rapid fire news and things that happened throughout the week that you know we can mention in a few seconds
The Expendables, a pretty awesome movie coming out this summer with a bunch of old action stars, is going to be getting its own Facebook game.
It's very similar to Contra.
Everybody loves Contra.
It's a little similar, I guess, because you can kill a bunch of people on a 2D platformer.
Sonic Colors Sonic the Hedgehog Hat
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And there is a new Oddworld game in the works being developed by the company Just Add Water.
And they did a game called Gravity Crash.
And apparently it's got the... There are multiple projects across multiple platforms starring all your favorite Oddworld characters.
And they haven't said exactly when they're actually coming out, but...
You should just at least take solace that they are in the works.
At some point soon, we'll see some Oddworld games come back.
Alright, I got some quick stories for you guys.
One of them is about Kid Icarus.
Kid Icarus?
Kid Icarus?
I like Kid Icarus.
This is some other news coming out about Kid Icarus Uprising.
Of course, that's the 3DS game that finally brings back Kid Icarus after not being around ever since that Game Boy game.
Apparently, in a chat with Games Master, this is a magazine in the UK, Mashihiro Sakurai, who is the game designer at Super Smash Bros.
Brawl, says that the online capabilities are currently being tested.
There could be some versus play, but we can't go into any detail.
There are a lot of capabilities that expand on what was in the DS that people are taking advantage of.
Hmm.
So it sounds like the online and versus and all that's being toyed with, but we don't know anything for sure just yet.
But it's kind of cool because I don't know about you guys, but I just assumed it was like a one player only thing.
Yeah.
Also, apparently some Capcom games are going to be making their way to the Wii Virtual Console Arcade.
Sometimes you forget that the Virtual Console has an arcade, but they're going to be getting some Capcom games in an announcement this week.
Among some other Capcom announcements, we'll get into it a little bit.
So that's going to be kind of cool.
Some old school Capcom games.
A place where Capcom games would be welcomed would be Game Room, who saw the release of Fishing Derby, Barnstorming, and Quad Run all on the Atari 2600 this week, as well as the Gyruss for the arcade and Hover Force for the Intellivision.
Unfortunately, as awesome as it is to have Gyruss in Game Room, it was already on the Xbox Live Arcade.
So it's probably the most awesome game that hit this week, but it already had a version released.
So unfortunately, Game Room didn't have a lot of win there.
However, I will say one place where Game Room wins, and I mentioned this in Part A, but I wanted to say this as well.
It did have a little upgrade this week that, you know, they patched into the game some new little features.
Like now, like if you've been playing a game for a long time, the other avatars will come up behind you and start watching you and like applaud you when you finally, you know, I guess lose.
Although, I don't know why they applaud you when you lose, but I think it's like...
Thank you for watching!
I'm really happy to see that they are doing updates.
It makes me very hopeful for the future.
Now they just need some more licenses like the we got with Capcom this week.
That would be great.
So we'll see.
DarkSakura.
Well, something great coming out for iPhone will be Star Wars Battle for Hoth.
Especially good for fans of the Empire Strikes Back, right?
Which people will arguably say is the best Star Trek movie, although I am personally a fan of Return of the Jedi.
It's just me.
I think A New Hope was the best one.
Yeah!
I know, I'm weird.
Shut up.
Anyway, it's going to be out for $2.99 and it's meant to celebrate the 30 year anniversary of The Empire Strikes Back.
Pretty cool, huh?
Very cool.
For Rock Band News, we have The Stooges and Bad Religion.
The Stooges Pack 01, which total will be 440 Microsoft points, or $5.49, includes 1969, I Wanna Be Your Dog, and No Fun.
Each of those, well actually, 1969 and No Fun will be 200 Wii points apiece.
Although, I was wondering why it's only saying that one of them has a Microsoft points list.
Forget I said that.
They're about 99 apiece.
individual songs coming out are both by Bad Religion, New Dark Ages, and No Control each 160 Microsoft points or 200 Wii points and they will of course some of them being the Stooges Pack and No Control by Bad Religion will be in Lego Rock Band Store I love Bad Religion, great band
Alright, we're gonna get into this.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you were done.
My bad.
I have three.
Ah, my bad.
Rob is ignoring me.
I am being marginalized.
I am multitasking.
And I thought I heard three things.
I'm being marginalized.
Because I'm a woman.
Yes, because you're a woman.
I know.
Anyway.
Now there is this really cool dude who has an even cooler, I would have to say, I guess they're married by now, I don't know.
But his name is Ray Arifanto, who works for Xbox platform team, is getting married or has gotten married, and his wedding ring is fantastic.
It is a USB platinum wedding ring.
and on it it says, For a Lifetime of Memories.
Isn't that pun-tastic?
Is it actually like you could plug it in a USB slot with the ring?
No, I don't need it.
Actually, I read, though, Rob, I did read about another one, and I tried to find the pictures of it, and I couldn't, about a couple that did have a USB wedding ring, a real USB wedding ring, and on it were photos of their courtship.
Wow, that's kind of what I thought of when you first talked about a USB writing ring, like somebody's going to plug one in.
This one's just sort of cut into a USB-looking pattern.
But no, I did actually find one about a couple that actually did have their rings each were photos of their lives together built into the ring.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
I'm actually planning on making one for myself.
Well, see, that's actually a plan that I have, is getting one of those little kind of rubber with USB clasp, as it were.
Because, I mean, I had to repeat for the staff a couple of times that I'm allergic to penicillin and amoxicillin and the sillins of the family, the molds, you know.
And I was just thinking, what if I had fallen unconscious and had a bad infection?
They tried to give me penicillin, you know.
So I think that those are fantastic ideas.
I'm actually looking into the cost of just making it myself.
Either with a micro USB or doing a micro SD to have it embedded in there.
Bones is 6, 006.
Bones is 6.
There's two Zs, which makes it very strange to pronounce.
Bones is 6 in our chat room says a USB dildo.
You know, you could charge it kind of like you do an iPhone.
It's not outside the realm of possibility.
I'm sure it's sadly been done.
They have USB AA batteries that can charge in the... Salacious Pop says RFID would seem more intuitive.
That's what they use for pets.
I didn't even think about that.
Of course, if a pet gets lost, that's all you'd need.
Crazy.
All right, we're going to get into Twitter topics here real quick.
But first, I mentioned I was going to read this.
We are so appreciative when people leave us nice reviews on iTunes on our listing there because it helps us spread the word about our show.
This one was especially nice, so I wanted to read this real quick because it's awesome.
It's from HungryMrDrunk is the name of the user.
I know when I get drunk, I get hungry.
I have been a hardcore listener, LOL, for years.
Not to mention we are the official podcast of the universe.
Actually, it's funny.
He actually says in the title, why OLR is the best podcast in the galaxy.
Although technically it's official video game podcast of the galaxy.
But I like being called best too.
It is nice.
It's very nice.
That was a very sweet thank you person.
Thank you, Hungry Mr. Drunk.
Hungry Mr. Drunk, you should come over and have a beer with me.
Yes, that's right.
I hope your next week brings you lots of Guinness and Cheetos.
All right.
Let's get into Twitter topics.
Shall we move into Twitter topics?
We shall.
I guess.
You gas?
I gas.
Get a fan.
I'm a god, Rob.
I'm a god.
When did you last take a bike?
An hour ago?
So during the show?
Yes, it is during the show.
During the show.
Let's see.
Whatever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And so it's hitting me harder than it really used to.
It is.
Can I get to the Twitter topic?
Kitty!
Sorry.
SSJ100Matt sent me this link.
It has nothing to do with anything.
This is why I really don't like to click on YouTubes during the show, but SSJ100Matt's kind of funny.
And he sent this link and it's adorable.
He says, this new game's coming to the Wii.
And so this box comes up with nine little holes in it.
and then little kitties come out of the holes and get boxed.
Oh my god, send that to me, Rob.
It's so adorable.
It's in our chat.
Are you in chat?
I'm in chat.
Matt just posted this.
It's adorable.
This makes for terrible radio.
This is awful, terrible, horrible radio.
I'll put it on Facebook.
Let's put it on Facebook.
Can I get to Twitter topics already?
Alright.
Twitter.com slash OLR Follow us, ask us questions, we answer Dr. Tsuyu wants us to plug RetroReview Oh no, he says he's planning one I don't think I saw it posted yet But Dr. Tsuyu does a lot of great work for the site, so thanks very much Let's see, Sterlok wants to give a shameless plug Is this turning into the shameless plug segment?
I think it is Actually, I really like this article though, so I am going to let him have his shameless plug He wrote an article for geek-life.com That's us, geek-life.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
StarCraft II cost $100 million to make.
Wow.
That apparently is according to the Wall Street Journal.
Activision Blizzard spent $100 million on the three-part sequel.
Where did all that money go?
Oh my god.
I guess this game's gonna be epic beyond epic purely development and that has nothing to do with marketing exceeds Gran Turismo 5's 60 million development cost they'll make it all back that's the sick part
Uh, let's see, also from TigerClaw, Killer gets two life sentences in an Xbox-motivated murder.
I hate stories like these, because usually they have nothing, I mean, no offense to TigerClaw, because he's pulling it from a game blog, but I just, I hate that this stuff gets tied to gaming at all, because it's just that this guy's just sick.
Some sicko killed people, and it somehow involved an Xbox.
His name is Kyle Sebastian Scott, 19 years old, and he killed a 22-year-old in January of last year.
He hid his body in a ravine near a hiking trail in Colorado Springs.
Apparently, he wanted the guy's Xbox and killed the guy.
Oh, this is even better.
Jason Hawley, the victim, 22 years old, developmentally disabled.
And the judge said he trusted you, he would have given you anything, and he did.
You could have taken the Xbox and he would have never told anybody.
He was trying to be normal, a buddy, or one of the guys.
Two life sentences.
Not enough.
Not enough.
Spazinator is sending us an update.
Remember he called in last week to talk about his Sony woes?
Update, update.
Sony Computer Entertainment of America finally gave back my remaining 55 videos this past Monday.
Woo, that's a lot.
Still rather pissed that it took so damn long.
They actually called me as they were doing it so I could confirm if they had everything.
Well, that's kind of nice, I guess.
At least they did that.
Jay Jugo on Twitter is listening to some old episodes of OLR I guess this is a never forget kind of moment Hey guys, here's a funny flashback Procrastination is like masturbation It feels good until you realize you fucked yourself Irene said that quote on your 6th episode Just wanted to share that flashback moment with you guys Keep up the great work Nice
OldSchoolOLR.
They do exist out there.
They're out there if you know where to look.
The pictures are now finally on the website.
Apparently, my initial email bounced because apparently there's too many pictures attached.
So now I'm sending them two at a time.
So remember, folks, if you're going to upload pictures to the website, do so in small quantities because the email may not be able to handle it.
But now you can see pictures of Baby Room.
And they're right there in the header of orangehoundstudio.com, right?
Yes, they are up at the top.
In fact, I'm just waiting for the last two to refresh on here.
Take a look.
And they're awesome.
And actually, if you look at the gallery, you can see my progress of last week, which was not much progress.
DarkTetsuya says, anyone be interested in an OLR game in the same style of the Journey coin-op?
I've been wanting to do that for quite some time.
That would be awesome if you could actually do it.
That is no small programming feat.
That would be cool.
Yes, of course, I'd love that.
The Journey arcade game is rad.
It's classic game of the week now.
It's official.
Lastly, Redertainment.
What nerd thing makes you think of an old TV show?
Mine is the red green show after the duct tape iPhone 4 fix.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
I don't know.
Forget it.
Mr. Wizard never really dies.
You see, he's figured out a way to become one with the Force.
He's just going to disappear into a robe.
Well, I just thought about Finders Keepers, thinking about the Xbox store earlier, so I guess it does happen once in a while.
I think of old TV shows.
I know.
Is there something nerdy that makes you think of an old TV show?
The status of the gaming industry and the show Bonkers.
I think that's pretty close there.
A co-worker said this to me the other day, and I like this.
This really has nothing to do with gaming or nerd, but she said, you know, sometimes my life here feels like the dinosaurs TV show and that little baby.
Not the mama.
Not the mama.
I don't know.
It's funny to me.
That is pretty funny, Rob.
Anything you want to add, DarkSakura?
Well, I don't know.
Usually I think about my job, and all I can think about is...
What was that?
Running Man.
Blade Runner?
No, Running Man.
The one where he's trapped in a game show and to get out he has to escape.
Richard Dawson was the villain.
That was awesome.
The best part about that movie Alright Let's move on with some more news Back to gaming news That's almost as cool as Mega Race With Don Knotts or something Don Knotts was not in that, was he?
There was somebody who was like Don Knotts in that game In that game
It was weird.
No, Don Knotts was not in The Running Man.
That would have been even more epic.
Don Knotts should have been one of the killers in The Running Man.
That would have been cool.
Tiger Claw, by the way, says Mr. Wizard died in 2007.
Don Herbert.
Just so you know.
In case you weren't aware, Mr. Wizard is dead.
And he hated kids.
He did not hate kids.
Yes, he did.
He loved kids as much as Mel Gibson loved his wife and girlfriend.
Alright, back to news stories.
Mega Man Universe is a game that's coming out on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade.
They had a little teaser trailer that came out this week that featured absolutely no gameplay whatsoever.
But it kind of gave us an idea of what we may expect.
Apparently, the game will actually, I guess, combine universes in the Capcom, or different Capcom game universes.
The teaser trailer showed, at one point, stop motion animation of Ryu, Arthur, from the Ghosts and... Ryu.
Ryu, Ryu, whatever.
I'm saying it the western way, okay?
The improper way.
You're wrong!
Fine, Ryu, and Arthur from the Ghosts and Ghouls and Ghosts and Goblins series.
And, of course, Mega Man.
You know, facing off against a bunch of Mega Man villains.
So, either I'm guessing that Mega Man's going to get powers from these other players or the other game heroes...
or he's going to be teaming up I guess with kind of think of like the Super Mario crossover but you know the Super Capcom crossover with all these different characters from different series facing off against Mega Man characters or perhaps you know facing off against Capcom Universe characters although then you would wonder why it's called Mega Man Universe and not Capcom Universe.
Toy Story Mega Man
Oh, it's 20XX.
Man, there's something else I forgot at the very end that's kind of cool.
Cutman.
I'll turn this down a little bit so I can talk for a bit.
Well, it looks cool.
Too bad this is all like a pre-rendered thing that the actual game is not going to look like.
It looks like stop motion animation.
Sweet.
What?
That little kid's probably on drugs.
This is going to be, you know what this looks like to me?
Can I tell you what this honestly, like I think right now?
No, it looks like the Mega Man fighting game.
But it's going to be like Capcom's own version of Capcom versus Capcom.
If that makes any sense.
That's the first impression I get of what this is.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
So he's still in bed.
Mega Man Universe.
Your world.
Megafied.
That's great.
That was the old Mega Man box art guy.
Yeah.
They're gonna have the Mega Man box art Mega Man.
I don't get it.
Suck, man.
I don't get it.
I felt like that was a waste of two minutes of show.
Welcome to any two minutes of this show.
What they need to do is they need to do a Mega Man game that's very similar to the upcoming Castlevania game.
You know, with like 16 players at the same time fighting Mega Man characters.
Alpha Canandagram says, Sky, imagine possibly Mega Man mixed with LittleBigPlanet with Mega Man powered up level editor.
Well, that sounds awesome, but I don't think that's what this is.
If it is, though, hey, it might be fun.
Actually, it might be a lot of fun.
Is this only supposed to be download, though?
Like it's a live arcade in PlayStation 3?
Live arcade in PlayStation Network.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on with some more stories, and this is something about something the Xbox is losing.
Microsoft canceled 1 vs. 100.
That's right, there's not going to be a third season of 1 vs. 100.
This is confirmed with Microsoft Game Studios General Manager Dave McCarthy, saying, quote, we're very proud of the 1 vs. 100 team and their accomplishments and are excited to apply what we've learned to future programming.
And, yep, it's on the Xbox.com website.
A fond farewell.
That's it.
Aw, that sucks.
They're gonna have Mega Man foam Mega Busters or whatever at Comic Con.
They're giving away... Do you not even care that 1 vs. 100 is gone?
No, I don't care.
All you can think about is Mega Man?
Ugh.
Never forget, there was something funny, Xbox Live Primetime, whatever the fuck happened to that.
Well, that's my point.
That stuff sounded so exciting.
We're going to have this service that's going to blow away all the competition, and we're going to cancel it.
It's going to make your Xbox Live Gold account more worthwhile than just paying to play against other people.
But it came down to where they couldn't get advertisers.
Yeah, that's the buzz I'm hearing too.
It was always a Sprint commercial.
Once in a while you might see another one, but that was mostly it.
So they just couldn't get the advertisers to give away the prizes.
But you know what?
I think there would be  call me crazy  but I think there would be a lot of people that would still play the game, not even for prizes.
I mean when you went into the non-live rounds, which didn't give away anything but points really and supposedly more of a chance to play in the live rounds 
There would still be like 10-20,000 people on at any time.
I mean, you can't tell me that stuff is that expensive to run.
Really?
I mean, I guess they have a question writing staff or whatever.
And why can't you get advertisers?
I see advertisers for stuff all the time.
Like, there's different movies that they're promoting on there.
There's different, like, stuff.
Where's Axe Body Spray?
I mean, fuck, there's that shit all the time.
Just do a crossover.
Get the Old Spice guy in there.
Old Spice is very up on the new technology stuff.
Get him in there.
That last marketing campaign was brilliant.
Brilliant.
I love it.
Who doesn't love that guy?
My favorite thing, I'm on a horse.
Did you see all the YouTube videos?
I didn't see the new ones yet.
Oh, you got to see the marriage proposal.
That's the best one.
Monty Boggs in our chat room says, Microsoft always promises cool stuff to live and then never does it when they realize it requires work.
You know...
it's just disappointing because they didn't really announce what is next I think that would soften the blow a little bit if they were like well sadly we're losing 1 vs 100 because of licensing they're going to make it a real show again which by the way is also a rumor that 1 vs 100 is actually coming back to TV because of the success of Xbox weird right?
I know, right?
I don't think it'll be the same thing.
It's not going to be Bob Saget and NBC.
I'm thinking like Game Show Network.
I actually, I read blogs about game shows.
Leave me alone.
Hey, Rob, that's one of the reasons we love you.
I know.
I just, I don't know.
But if they'd come out and said, okay, we're canceling 100 vs. 100, but we are bringing you, I don't know, The Price is Right, or Family Feud, or hell, Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy, anything.
I can play The Price is Right.
People would be excited about that.
And I don't even think you have to give away prizes.
Give away EP and people will still line up.
Give away achievements.
Give away shoutouts on websites, leaderboards.
People will play for EP.
Here's the opportunity now.
Make something very similar to, say, PlayStation Home, and you can have the prizes in your living room.
You're like, hey, look at this virtual.
Oh, my God.
Why aren't you working for Microsoft?
That's brilliant.
Brilliant.
Win avatar items and themes and cool stuff.
You could do it.
You don't have to give away a free game or car points.
I want a free game and points and a car.
Well, I mean, you know, that's nice.
Maybe give that away to like the season long winner and it won't cost as much out of the prize budget.
AJ Mix in our chat room.
Double dare featuring Natal.
Why aren't you people working for Microsoft?
These are brilliant ideas.
Brilliant.
Won't happen.
I don't know.
Here's a thought.
Make up your own game show.
Get some... Somebody out there has got to be creating these game shows.
Hire him!
Make your own damn game show.
Make a new Xbox Live game show.
Yeah, I'd love that idea.
And you know what?
You can maybe even broadcast some stuff on it on MSNBC or something.
Or one of the companies that you own.
Fucking stream it on the internet.
Have like a...
I have something, I don't know.
I love this, Monty Boggs.
Are you smarter than a fifth grader?
Or all the little kids in Halo are the fifth graders?
You know, there is a fifth grader game on Xbox Live.
Are you smarter than a fifth grader?
It's on all the systems, I think.
But it's not interactive.
I was really excited about Xbox Primetime.
It's really disappointing that it's just like, well, you know, it didn't work.
Bye.
So I really hope they come out and say, yes, we've been working on another project and it's still part of Xbox Primetime.
But it makes me nervous when they come out at E3 and don't say a damn thing about it.
That should have been the sign right there.
They didn't say a damn thing about it.
It wasn't like, oh, you hope you liked 1 vs. 100 or, you know, but now we're going to bring you Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune or something like that.
Well, you know, Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune games were being shown off on the Wii somewhere else.
Yep, I know there's Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune games coming up this year.
Actually, the Wii's been getting a lot of those game shows.
They have the prices right in Press Your Luck.
The Wii's the place for game shows right now.
It's not live and interactive.
Oh my god, think of the possibilities!
Rob, don't cry.
I'm just... It's just... What the fuck are they smoking?
You can buy PlayStation Plus and maybe you'll get to pay somebody else to watch Hulu.
What's it gonna... They don't make any sense.
When are the good ideas gonna stick?
They just couldn't make money off of 1 versus 100.
They weren't making enough in advertising to justify it.
I bet they could have charged... Well, they're making the money off Xbox Gold.
They're making the money off Xbox Gold, subscribers.
There's other ways they could do it.
I don't believe the subscribers were giving them that much money.
It's about selling.
I know people who bought an Xbox just to play that game.
They've got to be pissed.
They make the money back in other ways.
It's dumb.
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
Yeah, but that's a dumb reason to buy an Xbox too if you ask me.
SalaciousPop in chat says, Rob wants a big brother port for Wii with a throttle that bitch Wii mode mechanic.
I would totally play Survivor on Xbox Live if it was like somehow real.
What?
There's a Survivor game coming out on the Wii.
It's gonna be stupid.
It's not gonna be online or anything.
It's gonna be like the horrible PC games that were out.
At least the PC games.
I think one of the PC games you could actually play on the internet.
Probably is gonna be a port of the PC game.
Dumb, dumb, dumb.
Well, the last PC game came out a long time ago.
Yeah, that'll probably be a port of the PC game.
All right, let's move on.
That's frightening.
Moving on, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, there is some stuff.
As soon as my system decides to stop being crappy.
I was also completely enamored with the Wacka Kitty, so...
Thank you, SSJ100Matt, for completely derailing the show.
We appreciate you.
With your cute kittens.
No, because my thing... Okay, there it is.
I'm sorry.
Well, actually, what was going on was that my window decided to hide itself.
Yay.
And my brain is broken.
Doesn't work.
Anyway, how about some news about poor, poor Nintendo?
Can we have some sad music, Rob?
Some sad music?
You didn't request this in advance.
I don't have sad music.
Well, how about just break out a kazoo?
Hold on, hold on.
It's because I feel for them.
Sad music.
You got it.
Here we go.
Some sad music for Jamie's story.
There's an announcement made by the Nintendo UK general manager, name is David Yarnton, that demand for the Wii and the DS has declined.
He blamed the falling demand for the Wii and DS on the quote cycle and the recession and saying everybody's in the same boat.
We are not recession proof he says.
We've probably as an industry been better than other industries.
We thought we would be selling more but we're not pretty much.
Yeah, that's really not the case everywhere else in the world so much.
But there's light, Rob.
There's light at the end of the tunnel.
We're waiting on the 3DS.
That's what they're saying.
We had to let that go.
Yeah, they're waiting on the 3DS because you don't need glasses.
And he also, though, denied that Nintendo has been forced to slash prices.
Alas, Nintendo.
Alas.
I can't help it.
Enough of your drinking ginger ale.
What?
Just your perfect cap to destroy a last Nintendo.
What is wrong with you?
Salacious Pop in our chatroom says, Now I'm imagining Reggie in tears floating on a wooden plank saying, Never let go, Wii.
Never let go.
And then one of his thumbs break off.
I won't give up Keep holding on Cause you know I'll make it through, make it through with you
Just stay strong
The ship sinks again.
You think it sunk and everyone died.
They really went to a magical town under the water.
Where they all lived happily ever after.
Titanic Atlantis.
The Connect Experience Tour coming to your town soon.
They are traveling around the country on the East Coast and on the West Coast showing off a bunch of different Kinect games including Kinectimals, Kinect Sports, Kinect Joyride, Kinect Adventures, and Dance Central.
The only game without Kinect in the title.
And, um, they will be doing this, um, very close until launch of the actual Kinect on November 4th.
So, some notable East Coast, uh, locations, let's see, um, actually starting earlier of this, or well...
Yesterday and today.
They were at Macy's.
You probably didn't see them because they were at Macy's.
I like Macy's.
If you just happened to go there, then you might have seen it.
Some other notable places.
August 4th through the 6th, they're going to be in Canton, Ohio at the Football Hall of Fame Rib Burn Off.
Okay, well that makes sense.
Football Hall of Fame.
Okay, that seems to be a good place to go.
Alright.
Okay.
Um...
Let's see, October 1st and 2nd, Orlando, Florida, the Disney Wine and Dine Marathon.
Disney has a wine and dine marathon.
Is that like the wine thing they do at California Adventure?
No, I think that's like, remember how Disney in Orlando has a lot of those fancy adult places where you can go taste wine and fancy restaurants and shit like that?
Okay.
Yeah, there.
And then October 14th and the 17th, or through the 17th, you can check out the Texas State Fair.
or October 21st through the 24th at the Louisiana State Fair.
What other state fairs are they going to be hitting up as well?
Minnesota State Fair, Tennessee State Fair, I know the California State Fair.
I was going to say, really?
Because I'm like, the California State Fair is going on right now here in lovely Sacramento.
Are they going to be there, really?
Yes, July 28th through August 1st at the California State Fair.
Almost worth going there.
Almost.
Almost worth going and getting subjected to getting shot by a gang.
Almost.
There's two things you can count on at the California State Fair.
The smell of animal poop and gang shootings.
Every year.
You know, this is a surprise to me, but I never knew that Minnesota was on the West Coast.
But apparently they're going to be at the Mall of America from July 15th to August 22nd.
That's a pretty long-ass time there.
So Mall of America, that's your place to go.
You'd think they'd have the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America.
Exactly.
What other state fairs?
Colorado State Fair, Utah State Fair, New Mexico State Fair.
They're going to be at the Universal City Walk on September 24th through the 26th.
And, uh, October 7th through the 11th, San Francisco at Fleet Week.
And, um...
Oh, the Arizona State Fair.
So, yes, a bunch of different dates.
They have it, actually.
You can check it out on Facebook, facebook.com slash connect, or the Gamerscore blog.
They've got the dates posted there as well, or a lot of the gaming sites do, in case you're interested in checking it out.
I might be interested in checking out the State Fair, but my God, it's a State Fair, and I have to go there, and it's hot outside.
It's hot.
It's so hot.
It is.
It's hot.
It's hot.
And seriously, the safer sucks.
Salacious Pop in chat is asking me, can we go this weekend and get deep fried foods and ride on Spinner Hurl rides?
And I'm like, honestly, my first reaction is like, no.
No, we can't.
I don't know.
The State Fair is okay.
It might be neat to check out, but honestly, Dance Central will be the only game I might be kind of interested in checking out.
How would you go?
There's no way in hell you're going to be able to take the wife to the State Fair.
It's way too hot out.
I'm just convinced the coworkers to go.
Or I'd go myself.
I'll go with you, I guess.
I'm not going, dude.
Okay, let me put it this way.
Let's just break this down here.
July 28th through August 1st.
There is a good percentage chance that the baby will be here by then.
I will not be going anywhere.
You're going to be too busy changing poopy diapers.
Jamie, save a Vicodin and then take it and we'll go.
If you pay for me to get in, I'll go.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Uh, that's, it's, it's a week from next, week from this upcoming weekend.
So August 1st is what, a Sunday?
It would be, uh, yeah, Sunday.
We have a show then.
Well, it's the 28th though, that's like... A show live from the State Fair, is it possible?
Maybe.
No.
I don't think it is.
We can just record, bring the, I found the little recorder.
It's State Fair.
It's hot.
Look, there's a lot of things that I would call off a show for.
I've called off a show to go to Disneyland.
I've called off a show to go to various expos.
I would not call off a show to go to the freaking State Fair.
It's just too tacky.
I've gone to... What was it?
It was a...
I don't remember what the fair was.
It was some sort of rib cook-off and country music fair thing that was down by Rayleigh Field to see Rock Band 2.
And I did that one time.
I saw Rock Band at the state fair, actually, a couple years ago.
Yeah.
That was the same night that I broke up with that asshole.
That was the same night.
Oh my god.
Wow, this show took a tumble.
Where's sad trombone?
Hey, next story, something a lot happier than horrible experiences at the State Fair.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
And it's actually about the original character's grandkids going back to the haunted house.
And it's basically kind of a very similar plot.
And I gotta admit, looking at the graphics, it looks very kid-ish.
But I guess it's kind of cool that they're bringing out the old games and making, you know, kind of new ones.
I hope there's some other old-ass Atari games that they'd maybe do this to.
But I don't know.
I think this is one of those games you might fire up once and go, oh, that's cute, and then probably never play again.
They're actually...
Are there other ones they're talking about?
There's supposed to be other ones.
I thought I had heard something about that there were other games they were thinking about.
Centipede.
Really?
Yeah, I saw a game for Centipede.
I'm like, really?
What the hell are they going to do with Centipede?
I think this is not Frogger.
Human Centipede?
No, it's not Human Centipede.
There was another one, too.
I don't remember what it was.
But Centipede was one of the games.
It was also leaked out on Gamefly.
They had it because everyone trusts Gamefly over me.
Sad days.
All right.
I think we need to move on with our show and get into the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails and we read them here on the program to our much amusement.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com and we're going to answer your questions that you've emailed us.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com or sometimes you guys share funny stories and things of that sort.
So let's get to it.
DarkSakura is going to read some emails.
We've got three to go through and I'm going to start with the shortest of them first.
Well, kind of the second shortest, but the other one's got some stuff.
Hey, OLR!
Plissken here to ask a few questions.
First, if you could be in any video game, which would it be and why?
If I had to, I'd be in Sims 3 so that I could have an infinity code so that I'd never get hungry.
I could never age.
Never.
And I could decide how hot the person I want to look like and everything.
I would be in Animal Crossing so I could get rewarded with refrigerators and dressers and radios for running people's mail to the post office.
Loki.
I don't know.
I wouldn't really want to be in any game.
Mega Man Universe.
Because that looks retarded.
I don't know.
I don't have a good answer.
I'd also want to be in... I know!
Totem Ball!
Because it is such an awesome game!
But you were in Totem Ball!
Oh my god!
My bone!
Second, I know you guys... Wait, wait, wait.
I'd also want to be in Pokemon.
Just saying.
Okay.
Squirtle.
Squirtle.
Second, I know you guys bash on Facebook Gaming, but believe it or not, there are some fun games on Facebook like My Hero's Ability and thousands of poker games.
So my question is, what gives?
As in, maybe you're into those games, but I don't think we are.
I don't hate all Facebook games.
Jamie, you admitted to playing one.
I played Farmville for like a week, okay?
A moment of weakness.
It was dumb.
I was young and naive.
I think I played Bejeweled Blitz once.
Yeah, Bejeweled Blitz is cool.
I don't hate on Facebook games a lot.
I mean, I think the whole social networking gaming thing is kind of retarded.
And that's kind of stupid.
It sounds like an old man saying, Oh, get your fancy electronic shit!
But, no, it's really, I don't understand what the point is.
Like, hey,
Hey, look, you know, hey, I sent you a unicorn.
Send me something.
I hate it when people send me shit in Facebook.
I delete it.
I do not forward anything.
I think that's it.
It's not Facebook games we hate.
It's Facebook games spam that we hate.
I'm all for free games.
I just don't like the spam.
Yeah, that's annoying.
It's like those, seriously, those chain mails where it's like, oh, send it to five of your friends and lucky things will happen to you.
Yeah.
So I don't hate that.
I had a point, but I totally forgot it was in arguing about how Facebook games are.
Oh, what was it?
Oh, My Hero's Ability, or whatever.
That reminds me of that Stephen Lynch song, Superhero, where he starts naming off superheroes.
It kind of sounds like Pokemon.
Monty Boggs, by the way, is also answering that question about what video game would you want to be in in our chat room at chat.orange.radio.com.
I would want to be in Deal or No Deal, Constant Money.
There's a deal or no deal Facebook game.
I think that's the most pointless freaking game in the entire world.
I think they're all relatively pointless.
Guess the number.
But like deal or no deal especially.
Guess the number.
That's what it is.
But Rob, it's Howie Mandel.
How can you go wrong there?
Don't get me started.
It's Howie.
Is there more to the email?
Yes, there is.
Stupid, stupid Facebook.
I am looking forward very much to the Civilization game on Facebook.
I am.
And how.
And how.
And I can't wait to sieve whore it up with my friends on Facebook.
Yay!
More!
Third is for Loki.
You know, I'm trying really not to be so grammar crazy and... But... Sucks.
Third is for Loki, I've owned a PSP-1000 for almost a year, and now all of a sudden the D-pad is freaking out.
All I want to do is go right dot dot dot, I'm using ellipse okay, all by itself.
Now this wouldn't bother me, but it gives me vertigo when playing Dissidia Final Fantasy, because the D-pad controls the camera.
My question is, can this be fixed, or do I have to shell out money to be a new one?
To be anyone.
You wanna be a D-pad when you grow up.
Well, we know what video game he wants to be in.
Yeah, it can't be fixed because the D-pad is actually on what they call a ribbon bus cable, which you cannot solder to, unfortunately.
I've tried, and it breaks it.
All you have to do is buy the replacement ribbon bus cable, assuming that that's what's wrong with it.
Probably there's a kink or something where something broke, and so now it's just being held down.
It could be dirty.
You never know.
Basically, you just have to bust the system open.
and possibly replace that which those aren't that expensive you can probably get a set of ribbon bus cables for I think I bought one for $10 to $20 maybe it should be really cheap probably under $15 so that's all you need to do you just slide it in there and put it all back together and it should work no guarantees though because I don't know if that's exactly what's wrong it could also be there could be some sort of bridging going on somewhere else in there
Um, it's hard to say until you bust it open and see what actually is broken in there.
But, if it's the actual D-pad sticking, like the controller button is actually sticking down, it's probably dirty and you just need to clean it out.
I've seen some friends with PSPs that I've fixed for them that are fucking disgusting.
There's just the amount of dirt and grime that's on it.
I just, like, what do you do?
Do you, like, seriously sweat grease?
I mean, or sweat, like...
Axel Grease or something.
It's ridiculous the amount of dirt that's on there.
But yeah, cleaning your PSP, try that first.
If that still doesn't work, then you may need to replace that ribbon bus cable.
If that doesn't work, you're probably going to need a PSP.
I kind of agree with Legend of Zaku in our chat room.
PSP's D-pad in general is ass.
They're better than the Xbox 360 D-pad.
That's for sure.
You guys are being mean to the poor Xbox.
What else is new tonight?
Was that it for that email or is there more?
Final question is for Rob.
How would I go about coming out to my family?
Wow.
Wow.
That's a bit of a tangent.
Okay.
I'm a big fan of skywriting.
I can offer a resource.
Yes, please.
The Human Rights, what's the name of their equality thing?
They've got the store in San Francisco.
Human Rights Campaign.
Thank you.
The Human Rights Campaign has actually brochures and free material up on their website if you do want to actually have something in writing by a psychologist and stuff.
So they do have resources there.
Uh, okay.
How do I tackle this question without taking 30 minutes?
Um, okay.
First off, if you need additional advice, send me a personal email, robatorangeontrager.com.
I'll address this off the air.
Um, cause I really don't know anything about this listener.
I don't know how old you are.
I don't know what you're like, if you have a hostile family situation or what's going on.
Cause I think different situations necessitate different responses.
Um,
I know there's a lot of push out there that say like you know come out come out wherever you are and all this stuff but I completely understand that sometimes that is not necessarily the answer at the end of the day who you have in your bedroom is your business and I understand your desire to tell your family that and I think you know if you have that type of family you should tell them that that's going to be supportive and loving but there are sometimes some some sticky situations so I don't know your family background or what have you my advice is
Tell Your Best Friend Tell Your Best Friend
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, good job
I hope.
Yeah?
That's a challenging question.
I haven't been asked that in the eight years of doing this.
I don't think.
I've been told by people, you know, which is always a wonderful compliment and just an astonishing feeling, you know, like, thank you for being, you know, out on the radio and just, you know, being a guy who likes games who happens to be gay, but I don't think I've had that question.
but thank you for asking because I think it takes a lot of guts to even type that out so please email me if you need it
Um, this one's from Robaba.
It says, this is particularly for Jamie, and he sends me a link from doitmyself.org of a TARDIS cake.
But it lights up and it's got the inside of the TARDIS through the window.
But it's a cake.
That is awesome.
And he concludes his email with, it's probably too involved for most, but it is cool.
I'm going to share the link with our chatters real quick.
I like the TARDIS made of cake.
I would eat that.
Delicious.
I think I'd just make a cake in the shape of a TARDIS, but I can't bake for crap.
I can't even make pancakes right, Rob.
That's awful.
Okay, last email.
Greetings, OLR.
Rini here.
A few episodes ago, you mentioned having a contingency plan for when Loki needs to care for his newborn bundle of joy.
Although there's always the amusing chance that he may never be gone, I still would like to suggest a host.
A guest host, Scott Rubin.
I'm just listening to the guy and I think he'd be doing OLR and his All Games fans a favor by chiming in once with his thoughts on games and gaming news today.
Also, he would make this show run seven hours long and prompt everyone to call in sick due to copious but responsible amounts of drinking, perverted discussions, and not giving a fuck in general.
I think I approve of that and since DarkSakura and Sky recently purchased Team Fortress 2 I'd like to make a few suggestions on classes since Sky isn't so hot with the aiming 1.
Learn the maps with Medic
You can learn where items and paths are while helping your teammates.
Overheal everyone, but focus on assisting those taking fire, and especially do not be afraid to turn around and see what's around you.
If you unlock the Ubersaw, feel free to knife weaker classes to gain power for your Ubercharge.
2.
Try Pyro.
Can I say?
I was actually thinking of being a medic because I'm always the white mage in these games.
Always.
Okay.
2.
Try Pyro.
Incredibly helpful with this flamethrower because it can air blast to push enemies and rockets grenades or slash grenades while putting out fires on teammates.
Be sneaky and use hit and run tactics to let the afterburn make enemies retreat or at least
Hold off them a bit.
If they're alone or weak, finish them off.
Always check for spies and never use the back burner.
That's capitalized, never.
And it's capitalized always, by the way.
Three, try Engineer.
Build teleporters and dispensers to help teammates and place sentries where they can cover an important point while being shielded by some part of the level.
Unlock the Wrangler and the Gunslinger to deploy many sentries for offensive play.
Don't forget hitting buildings with your wrench...
Double their construction speed and all but the mini sentries can be upgraded to level 3 If your buildings get sapped by spies, always kill the spy first and then get rid of the sappers Don't forget that your wrench has a higher chance to deal critical hits than most other melee weapons I was actually going to try to engineer because I found that they have now where you can move your sentries around Your turrets
Apparently everyone's playing Engineer because of it.
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
For more information and strategies... Okay, I have to do the voice.
Ready?
For more information and strategies, I direct you to the official TF2 wiki here.
http://wiki.teamfortress.com good luck and don't fail, damn it.
Rini is very excited to have us playing Team Fortress 2.
I've seen it on the Twitter as well.
I actually need to revisit it.
I didn't really touch it at all this week.
Well, I really haven't been able to do much.
Well, yeah, you got the hand thing going on, though.
Well, we still have to have our game.
We shook on it.
So whenever your hand's better, we're going to get on that.
Do you like my announcer voice?
I do.
I could do my wacky morning DJ voice though, wouldn't that be fun to do an entire episode?
Ha ha ha, I can do the annoying female co-host voice.
Maybe for the next April Fool's show.
Oh, the Scott thing, too.
I think a lot of the All Games folks miss hearing him on the radio.
He certainly had a fun show.
He's not on the radio anymore?
Well, he does the Appaday thing now.
They're doing the TV thing.
Him and Diane Mizzota do a show, which is kind of fun, that's online.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Having a co-host via Skype anything is gonna suck.
And I realize other shows do it, and they do it really well.
But you have to remember, we've been spoiled over eight years of being in the same room doing this show, and I think it's honestly what makes our show different at the end of the day.
And I will tell you, the most fun I've had doing radio with Scott was when we were in the same room, like the E3 Outpost and the random times we dropped into All Games Interactive and some of those things.
When they had that,
Thanks for watching!
Um, so again, we don't want to be so quick.
Like, gosh, Loki, all we can do is sit here and talk about who's going to replace you for one week.
I don't even care.
I know, I know.
It's just kind of one of those.
We're just going to see who's available that week.
We'll burn that bridge when we get to it.
If we have to pick someone up off Skype, we will, but we have got lots of great people.
I'm sure Alan could come back for a show.
Drew, you know, wants to do it.
It'll be done through an elaborate ceremony featuring roses.
Dan could do it.
He's here.
That's because he lives here, Rob.
I think the chatters would love it if Extifer would come back for a night.
Maybe Irene.
We'll figure something out.
You know what?
I really, really, really would like for... And Dan actually was excited about wanting to be on the show tonight, but the family's leaving town.
But I think that we need to have Dan be a co-host for a night.
Well, maybe that'll happen.
I live with the man.
He wouldn't let me live it down.
All right.
I mean, I love my husband.
Let's move on to the next
F you to the absolute and utter pain that my hand is in.
Yeah, while I'm healing faster and...
I've got more range of motion.
It actually hurts worse, if that makes sense.
And the little tight stitches.
And it was all for a good thing.
I'm very happy.
But F you to just being in pain and being tired all the time from it too.
I'm really tired all the time.
And wanting meat.
And I'm not supposed to be eating meat.
So F you to all that.
And F you to work stuff I've heard about.
F you to Apple for reasons I think I explained either on Bobby's show or at the beginning of this show.
I can't even remember now.
It was all a blur.
F you to Stress.
I bought a car this week, which is actually awesome and I'm happy, but now I've got to get rid of the old car and that takes a lot of work.
So, yeah.
That's it.
F you to one particular person I saw driving on my way to the show today, completely swerving all around the road, and of course she was texting on her cell phone.
Thank you, wonderful, reckless person.
Oops, sorry, F you to the fact I just started playing the credits music on accident.
and that's it.
Can I punctuate that with something?
Sure.
Nobody's text message or phone conversation is as important as Elijah's on the road around you.
Even my mother?
Even.
I think she'd disagree.
Rob, I've told my mother to get off the phone with me if I found out that she was talking to me while she was driving without hands free.
Is it okay if I'm stuck in traffic because I totally texted you and Bobby today, but I was sitting in stopped traffic and I was watching.
I think that's a little bit different.
But there's people who do this crap while they're moving on the road and that's just not right.
I'm not perfect, but
But you want everyone to think you are.
I know.
Well, you know.
Well, no, I take that back.
I am perfect, actually.
Rob.
Alright.
Couple more stories for you guys and then the Skype line.
Brace yourselves.
877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Couple new stories real quick before we get there, though.
Loki.
I guess Kmart wants me to put reviews up for games.
Honestly, wouldn't have known that because I've not been in a Kmart and
Kmart has modernized a little bit.
I think they are right now somewhere around 93%
Just so you know.
Rob, you're adorable.
I just wanted to let you know.
I know.
Apparently they are looking for reader reviews or I guess shopper reviews on different titles.
They said one thing, we'd like to feature your reviews on our shelves.
It says, but at this time we will not be sending out free games for you to review.
Which is kind of funny.
Wait, what?
So like on the shelf they'll have like papers with reviews printed out or something?
I guess.
It says Kmart, they're basically looking for reviews to help sell games, I guess.
So we're supposed to help them market games.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
People are going to make shit up just to get their stuff in the store.
So they do on Steam.
You can see the Medicare score right there.
Unless it's like under a certain amount, then it's just not there.
I don't understand.
Or have it on your website.
Have people review stuff like Amazon or GameStop or whomever.
I think it's an interesting idea.
It's just a weird one.
You know what I mean?
It's interesting that they want to put people's reviews up there and it's, I guess, to encourage a community type thing on the site to get people thinking about Kmart because otherwise you don't.
Whoa!
My mind's blown here.
Apparently Kmart has blogs.
What?
Yes.
Get out.
MyKmart.com Do they blog about the coffee shops at Kmart?
No, apparently... This Week in the Icy Machine, Blue Raspberry, yum.
Well, let's see.
Here's some wonderful...
Here's some wonderful blog posts that we have going on here.
Some of these may even be slightly relevant.
Which way do you weed?
And this is talking about either using, I guess, a rake or weed spray.
Kevin Butler versus Old Spice Man.
Who wins?
for being, I guess, most infamous.
Gamer Chat number one was a success.
Thanks to all... Wait, is this like only gaming stuff on the blog?
No, this is just blogs.mykmart.com.
They have blue light special stuff.
They post blue light specials on the blog?
Yes.
Attention Twitter, blue light special on Pepperidge Farm Cookies.
50% off.
Gamer Chat number 1166 says I gotta read this Thanks to all who joined yesterday's Gamer Chat Twitter event We had a spirited discussion about gaming including the best year for video games people's first games and some of this year's surprises both good and bad
Oh, but if you weren't able to catch it yesterday, you can download or you can check out a full transcript.
What are some of the topics that you'd like to discuss in the next gamer chat?
Oh, oh, wait, what's this?
I, they have a gaming blog too.
Kmartgamer.com
Are you a Kmart gamer?
Or I guess it's blogs.mykmart.com slash games.
It's the same fucking blog with video game tags pulled out.
I see what you're doing.
They talk about what's your backlog of games.
Oh my god, Kmart, you're so current with your blogs and fun stuff like that.
I have to shop at you now.
Kmart is awesome because most every Kmart I've been to totally ignores street dates.
Totally ignores them.
I bet if you went into Kmart and go, yeah, I saw it on your blog, they'd be like, huh?
What's a blog?
Huh?
On the internet?
What the hell's the internet?
That's witchcraft.
Did I tell you about the time that, like, Target was closed for, like, six months, and Walmart, I just, I wasn't gonna go to Walmart, so I actually went to Kmart to get, like, razor blades, and it was the most, like, challenging, first of all, they have them locked, cause, you know, I guess there's rampant thievery of razor blades across the nation.
I had to track someone down to get a key, and they give it to just, like, the old craggly lady, and
Here's another wonderful topic.
What kind of razor blade did you want?
Did you want the Gillette Mach 5?
Or did you want... I mean, just like, oh my god, I want to die.
From June 23rd, 2010, Fat Guy in a Little Coat, Biggest Loser Special.
You're talking about the Biggest Loser game.
Wow.
My life is now complete now that I have discovered Kmart has a blog.
I will read it every day.
You know what?
For sure.
Kmart updates their blog more regularly than any of us post on OrangeSoundsRadio.com.
I don't care.
I wouldn't hate it.
Do you want me to post nonsense like this?
I will be happy to post nonsense like this.
Toe that, I played that game.
It was wonderful.
Go buy it at Kmart.
Look at me making reference to it.
Would you please sign up for a Kmart account and start reviewing games?
I think we should all sign up for Kmart accounts and start reviewing games on there with just like complete nonsensical reviews of things.
Like, you know... Like, you know...
Thank you for watching!
I'm sorry, Rob.
My brain started to shut down when you started talking about that.
What you're describing sounds like a lot of effort.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to start a forum thread for awesome Kmart reviews.
And I want all the OL Army to post their awesome Kmart reviews and link them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Just like us.
You'll be talking about your Red Dead Redemption review and then somehow talk about how you like horses and this one time you rode a horse and then it gave you like, you know, crotch rash or something like that and how that was terrible.
But at least the horse's name was like, you know, Biscuit or something.
I was riding my horse Clyde and I skinned a horse in Red Dead Redemption that reminded me of Clyde and one time Clyde kicked me in the shin and it made me pee.
How about that?
Monty Boggs.
Here, this is great.
Now people are posting their reviews.
This is great.
Alan Wake makes me want to buy Energizer batteries at Kmart.
Buy Alan Wake at Kmart.
Alan Wake from GameStop wasn't as good.
That's pretty good.
Ray Ayanami says, great rail shooter.
Now has anyone been far as decided to use even Go 1 to do look more like... I get it.
Wait, let me try to read it again.
That's awesome.
That's an awesome review of Sin of Punishment 2.
Great rail shooter.
Now has anyone really been far as decided to use even Go What To Do look more like?
I love you guys.
That should be on the tag right there.
That about sums up what I think of Kmartner reviewing.
You've been far as decided to use even go what to do more look like?
That's about right.
That's the point.
DarkDead2D is like, I don't get it.
That's the point.
He just threw a bunch of words together that make no sense at all and it's funny and I'm laughing so hard I'm crying.
I can't stop.
DarkSakura is not throwing up over there at the bad grammar.
No, because this is appropriately bad grammar.
It's like little cats.
I do not go around correcting little cats.
I pet them on the head and feed them fish.
All right, one more story for you guys, and then we'll get to the calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The Brick Theater in Brooklyn, New York is putting on some shows, and they are video game-inspired plays.
Yes, that's right.
There's Grand Theft Ovid, which takes the Roman poets' Ovid songs and integrates it with Grand Theft Auto.
Modal Combat uses guitar controllers.
I don't even understand this.
This is just like, what?
Let me look at the official website here.
Let me look here.
I'm going to the Brick Theater website here.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Gameplay at the Brick Is art playable?
Are video games cinematic?
Is Mashima theatrical?
Are smartphones a stage?
Is there an architecture that connects these diverse media forums?
What boundaries can be broken within and without the walls of an off-off-Broadway theater to change your reviews?
They're having Rock Band Karaoke Night Well, that's not a play Baby Castles, Chiptunes Dance Party Kool-Aid Man and Second Life
Theater of the Arcade, five classic video games adapted for the stage.
In this collection of short plays, the creators of Brick hit suspicious package and create... This is stupid.
Like, what?
This makes no sense.
It gets a Dan quote, Rob.
What?
Really?
That's a Dan line.
You know what?
I'm going to write a review of these plays and it's going to say, great rail shooter.
Now, has anyone really been far as decided to use even Go What To Do look more like?
because that's pretty much my reaction when reading this story.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, we'll talk.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The Skype line is now open.
Frisbee is asking, what game should I review?
You should review Blur.
Frisbee, I'd like you to review the game Blur.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Ray Ayanami.
Hi, Ray.
Good to see you yesterday at the show.
Yeah, good to see you too.
It was really good to see you.
Yeah.
So what's on your mind?
So for California Extreme, the games I'm looking for were the Don't Bunch Diojo, Ghoul Space Harrier, Red, among other things.
Wait, there was a space harrier there?
There was a space harrier tucked away in the back.
Oh, I missed it.
Yeah, but unfortunately, I don't know, the person who said the machine forgot to put in a pad credit button.
So, for the first, you had to put in a coin and, like, take the coin out of the coin door just to start a game.
And the second day, they closed the coin door, so you had to put in a quarter, which is kind of dumb.
Yeah, it was kind of bothersome when some of those games would run out of credits.
But, you know, I can't hate because they're just arcade collectors, and they're actually doing a favor, putting their machines out there.
They don't have to do it, so I try not to bitch.
But it was really frustrating when, like, I wanted to play Tapper, and it was out of credits.
It's like, wham.
So, in other news, I've gotten around to playing Death's Mouth and Sin of Postman 2.
Now, what was your real review of Sin and Punishment 2?
Because, by the way, that was you I noticed in chat that has now spawned the new OLR quote.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even Go What To Do Look More Like?
Did you bring 4chan to this show?
Oh, goddamn you!
Okay, whatever.
No, I'm just fucking around.
Kids on the internet are funny.
It's pretty fun.
It's a great improvement over the last game.
I'm going to warn anyone who wants to get that game, even those who have played the original, it's freaking hard.
I see.
Aren't most of those shooter games pretty hard?
Yeah, I mean, if these aren't too bad by real shooter standards, it's the bosses that get to me mainly.
But I have to do a few tries to get the patterns down so I don't end up bullshitting through a pattern.
Go ahead.
And I've been playing Deathmoth as well for the past two weeks.
And how's that?
So Deathmoth, for those who have not heard of it, it's a side-scrolling shooter by Cave with gothic loli elements.
Awesome.
And that aside, I especially like this game.
I love the fact that you can fire in both directions, which is a luxury that most side-scrollers tend to lack.
Like, you're stuck firing to the right, which is usually the direction you scroll.
It's also much easier to play than other Bloodhound games.
Even with the in-game difficulty at the highest, I can get to the final stage easily.
But on other shooters, I usually end up only halfway through the game on my first credit.
Interesting.
You can get that far?
I thought that would be the harder game, because usually those shmup games are impossibly difficult.
They do call them bullet hell for a reason, though.
I fired bombs on the first boss of the Don't Black Style Joe, and that's not something I do in most shooters.
Like, I can easily get through the stage one boss of a vertical shooter just fine without using any bombs.
Okay, okay.
Well, are there any other games coming up in the near future that you're going to be reviewing in the future on the show that you're looking forward to playing?
I'm not sure, because I've tried a whole lot of buying new games until the semester begins next month, because Deathmoth and Stem of Punishment took a toll on my money.
I hear ya.
Now I have a car payment, so I have to watch my gaming funding as well, so I think a lot of us are in that pinch.
Like, including tax, both of those games cost me $110, so I've already been waiting until the semester begins, so I'll probably, I don't
Reekin Elite Reekin Elite
No, I'm a long-time listener but first-time caller.
I've always wanted someone to say that on this program.
Long-time listener, first-time caller.
Well, welcome.
How are you doing?
What's on your mind?
I'm doing good.
How can we help you?
What's on your mind?
Yeah, I just wanted to know, I have a quick question.
I don't know if you guys ever played it before, but Borderlands, what do you think about that?
Borderlands is awesome!
I have not played Borderlands, but I've watched someone else play it, and it kind of looks like, it has a really neat art style.
It's kind of like Oblivion meets this very, like, post-apocalyptic kind of world.
I don't know.
Have you played this?
With guns, and it's fun.
It's awesome.
It's hilarious.
Well, it was either one.
It didn't bother me too much.
I just wanted to know if the community was big, you know, as in...
playing it, because the last thing I wanted was to go online on it and then nobody ain't there.
That was my fear.
I'm going to throw out a cheat plug while I can for our Steam community, which is the OL Army on Steam, and I see people on there once in a while playing Borderlands, so you definitely would have people to play with there.
They've released several expansions for it.
I've really heard nothing but good things about it.
I just haven't had the time to play it myself, thanks to certain MMOs that I spend a lot of time playing.
Addict!
Do I say wow too all the time?
Okay, then you understand what I go through.
But yeah, no, I've honestly heard nothing but good things about the game.
Here's a thought.
If you want to try it out, here's what some people I know are doing.
OnLive is this new thing that's out there, and they're still doing sign-ups, and I just read something like it's extended through Labor Day.
You can try to get into the beta by signing up.
Are you on OnLive?
Yes.
Okay, you can play demos of games.
You can play the first 30 or 45 minutes of a game without buying it, and Borderlands is one of them.
Oh, okay.
That's a nice, good suggestion.
Awesome.
Thank you.
There you go.
Go on to OnLive.
You know, I gotta say, as weird as I think the OnLive price is, but here's my suggestion.
Don't buy it on OnLive, because the whole thing is that, yeah, it's cool that you're playing through another computer that has all the graphics and everything, but you're paying the same price you'd pay at retail for the game, and it really is only guaranteed to last three years.
If OnLive fails, you're gonna lose that game.
You're basically paying for a three-year rental.
So,
If you like the game, go get it on Steam.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's my suggestion.
I've got one more quick question and I'll hang up.
Of course.
Do you think Project Natal... What do you think about Project Natal?
Do you think it's going to fail or do you think it's going to succeed?
Well, keep in mind we're all supposed to call it Connect now, but...
I think it's a huge risk on Microsoft's part.
A lot of it has to do with how they market it.
The Macy's thing, as much as we give them a hard time about who the hell at Macy's plays Kinect, we know exactly who they're going for.
All laughing and jokes aside, they're trying to appeal to Mom, or aka Santa Claus, because they're going directly to make their case there and show the games there.
It's a huge risk on Microsoft's part.
DarkSakura.com
Got you.
Okay.
I just want to end it with that.
Love the show.
Keep it up.
The good work, man.
You guys are awesome.
I love it.
We love the call.
Thank you so much for your enthusiasm.
You're awesome.
And thank you for saying the phrase that we've been waiting to hear.
I know.
I've been waiting eight years to hear that.
Long time listener.
All right.
I got you.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
You have a good night.
Uh-huh.
You too.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
That's how you know we're like legitimate radio now because you know whenever you listen to like a radio talk show, there's always that guy that calls in.
Hey, Dr. Laura.
Long time listener.
First time caller.
Love it.
I don't know why I named Dr. Laura because she actually really sucks.
It means we've arrived.
It is.
We made it.
We made it.
That decree meant something.
Now the Laverne and Shirley theme is going through my head for some reason.
We're gonna do it.
By the way, Gold Anthro in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com is kind of offering the counterpoint to what I was just saying about Borderlands.
Meh, Borderlands just isn't the game for me.
I played it and was like, this isn't as fun as it sounded.
So, not everybody's a fan, so take that.
But I think OnLive is going to be great for demos.
Like, even I have to pat myself on the back.
I think that's a good idea to just go play the first 30 minutes of the game for yourself and make a determination if you want to play, you know, more.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Sonic 2 XL
But he gets a big old pot belly.
That's kind of funny.
And that's actually a real ROM hack.
You can actually download the ROM that's available on the Sonic Retro forums.
Forums.sonicretro.org So check it out there.
Can I say this real quick?
Because Bonds006 in chat just spoke up and it reminded me of something he said earlier that I forgot to mention, but apparently he ran into a New York Times reporter who was doing a story on DDR and Beat Media and stuff.
He totally pimped our show.
Now that's a fan!
Now that's a fan!
Thank you!
We love you now.
I saw that in the chat room.
Yeah, I forgot to mention earlier.
I was going to mention it after the iTunes review, but I'm easily distracted by shiny things.
So I apologize.
It's alright.
You may remember there's a company called Blick that puts out different gamer decals or vinyl decals you can put up on the wall.
I'm using them in our nursery.
I could have just done that for the baby room.
DarkSakura should have that up in the vault.
I think that looks kind of cool.
Although, actually, the way the vault's designed, that wouldn't really work.
Well, Dan and I actually did have a talk, because I'm sure I've mentioned it on the show before.
Before we were gonna, you know, when we were talking about a kid, we were gonna do a Mario theme.
And Dan said, uh-uh, Sonic.
That'll be great, too, because at Loki's house, it'll be Mario, and then you'll have Sonic.
What do I get, Crash Bandicoot?
Yes.
I don't know.
Crash Bandicoot?
Crash Bandicoot was fun for like three games and then they just totally beat him into the ground.
I'll get Kevin Butler.
Kevin Butler themed nursery?
That would be creepy.
Why is the baby crying all the time?
I don't know what's going on.
Anything else?
Yes.
Cave has announced two more shmup games coming out.
They are going to be releasing, I guess, Gwangi on Xbox Live Arcade.
Or I should say, yeah, they're going to be releasing that.
And...
What else are they releasing here?
Oh, here we go.
Akai Katana, or Red Katana, is going to be a new bullet hell shooter coming out.
I believe that's going to be on, I think, the download services like Xbox Live Arcade.
And then for the iPhone, they're going to do Dondopatchi Daifukatsu.
Yay!
I totally want Dondopatchi on my phone.
And that'll be coming out on the iPhone this summer.
So that's kind of cool.
Let's see.
Screenshots here of... That's a private video.
Well, fuck you.
I don't want to read it then.
Or watch it.
Whatever.
apparently Amazon Germany has listed a Xbox 360 4GB arcade system bundle of course they've already announced that they're going to be doing some sort of arcade system this fall in the US and other territories but now we kind of have an idea of what it's going to be it's going to be probably that slimmed down system without a hard drive but a 4GB USB thumb drive they're going to be able to use with it
and that's fine since remember you can actually put in your own laptop drives into the Xbox 360 S or whatever the hell you're going to call it just like you can on a Playstation 3 so that's kind of neat I guess but that will be available this fall it looks like it's going to be well right now it's listing at 148.99 euros
Um...
I think Apple needs to work on, I don't know, like making the iOS's work on their phones first.
Thanks for watching!
And I know that I shouldn't get an Apple.
I shouldn't buy an iPhone.
I shouldn't support them.
Maybe I won't.
I don't know.
No, we all know I'm going to get that shiny white new iPhone because I want it.
Alright.
SGA100 Matt is currently working on a Kmart review.
I'm so excited.
Okay, that's it though for the show now.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show and listening to us and downloading us and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We can't do it without your support.
We don't have massive advertising or anything like that.
It's really word of mouth and the awesome reviews you guys do and telling reporters and shit about us.
that is word of mouth at it's finest thank you guys so much we so appreciate it and you guys are the reason we come back week after week and don't let the state fair distract us from doing a show alright but Disneyland might I'm just putting it out there alright anyhow for now though we're going to go around and give everybody's final thoughts Loki why don't you start us off tonight with your final thought
DarkSakura, your final thought
My Sims house is freaking gorgeous.
You've put a lot of flowers in it.
It's a very girly house because you have flowers everywhere.
It's not very girly.
It's this one part of it that's set up as a wildflower garden.
And those are totally Sakura trees, aren't they?
Yeah, they are.
But the rest of the house is very sort of neo-modern and my house floats.
We all float here.
All right.
That's it.
We're tuning out and signing off.
Thank you guys so much again for your support.
We'll be back to do it all again next week.
We'll see you next week with more of Orange.
Unless Loki's wife has the baby, then he won't be here because that could happen at any time.
So stay tuned to Twitter.
Well, I hope she doesn't have anything.
Yeah, well, that's true.
She's still got, what, another month, right?
Preferably at least two weeks.
At least two weeks.
All right then.
So hopefully two more weeks of Loki at least.
All right.
But that's it.
Have a wonderful night everybody.
We'll see you soon next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
