Tonight, July 11th, 2010, could a cell phone be built into the 3DS?
A trial date is set for Infinity Ward vs Activision, and Microsoft teams up with Fast Food to promote
a Kinect game.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
Thanks so much for tuning in to us tonight.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, at All Games Radio,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, www.allgames.com.
We're going to talk about video games, gaming culture, gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
How you doing, Jamie Sommers?
Now I noticed, as we promised two weeks ago, because we didn't have a show because of the
4th of July, you did not come in here as Inspector Gadget tonight.
Is everything okay with the finger?
My surgery got delayed to Tuesday because of a scheduling issue.
Well, good for us though, that way you're not high.
You shouldn't ship in the bionic parts.
No, basically, the thing is that my visit with my last surgeon was set up as my consultation.
He was just going to refer me into surgery, except he didn't put surgery in the thing.
Uh oh.
I've already filled out all my FMLA and everything, so my new doctor's just like, uh, we'll go
ahead and write your leave starting Friday, which is what it was supposed to have been.
And then I go in Tuesday at 2 o'clock Pacific to have my hand flayed.
So now-
And I think they're going to put me under this time.
Oh, you don't get to watch!
How sad.
Well, the only logic, the only reason I think this is because they're telling me not to
eat beforehand, so usually that's a sign that they're going to clunk out.
Maybe they'll just numb a lot of parts, like you won't be able to feel the whole left half
of your body for a little while.
Well, see, that's what happened last time is that they damned off my arm so that there'd
be no blood in my hand.
Well, now, here's what I want to know, because obviously we are a video game show, how does
this affect your gaming ability?
Are you going to be not able to play Star Trek Online anymore, or what happens?
Well, last time I had this done, two days later, I was up all night playing Blue Dragon.
Were you just kind of using one hand?
For the most part, I mean, because really it was a lot of running around and, you know,
and I was actually using, I had the controller in my lap when I wasn't, you know, walking
and was pushing the button with a finger.
A lot of those RPGs, like Final Fantasy, Blue Dragon, and so forth, really lend themselves
easy to like only having one hand, because it's like, A, attack, A, target creature,
A, A, A, A, over and over, you know?
You remember that single-handed PlayStation controller, the RPG controller?
Oh, vaguely, yes.
I think I've got one somewhere.
Vaguely.
Yeah.
They weren't very popular, I don't think.
Maybe, well, he's not here.
I think we just were given one or something.
Nice.
Single-hand control schemes are always nice.
Remember Earthbound?
Mm.
All right, we got a lot of other voices I haven't even introduced yet.
What, huh?
I do have to, well, I'll talk about it later.
All right.
Say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki, as well, who's drinking a shake.
It was hot outside.
I didn't mean to inconvenience you, I'm sorry.
No, it was, it's hot outside, so it was the coldest thing I could think of.
It's just gonna make me really thirsty later.
Is it just- The irony.
Is it funny when you're hearing about this East Coast heatwave and they're like, OMG,
it's 100 degrees, and I'm like, that's like Wednesday here.
My friend in Canada was posting about it being, I think, 80.
She gave it to me in Celsius.
Well, if it's 80 degrees Celsius, I don't want to be over there.
That's very hot, actually, isn't that like 180 degrees?
All right, anyway, forget it.
Here's the thing, is that, obviously, I'm joking a little bit, because I know the East
Coast isn't really built to handle the heat.
Here, everything's got air conditioning.
You don't have a house without central air.
That's unheard of, so I know it kind of sucked for them, but it does make me laugh when I
hear like, 100 degrees, panic, panic, panic, because I'm like, wake me when it's 113.
But then you drive to the bay.
I spent the weekend in the bay area.
You drive to the bay area, it's like cold and windy still.
It's crazy.
I had friends come up this weekend, and they were from Santa Cruz, and they said, yeah,
it's like a high of 71, and I'm like, that'd be nice.
All right, we're also going to introduce, he's back this week.
I don't know what the heck's going on here, but he's here two weeks in a row-ish, because
we didn't really do a show last week, but say hello to intern Drew Nami is here tonight.
Hi, guys, just trying to make it a habit again.
I see.
You're, you're, see, I know what you're trying to do.
You're trying to, you're trying to squeeze into Loki's chair when he's out on paternity
leave.
That's what you're trying to do, I think.
Don't think I don't know what you're up to.
I know nothing, nothing.
Loki is irreplaceable.
I may not be, I don't know.
He may not even, yeah, knowing him, he won't even be gone.
He'll be like, yeah, wife just had the baby this morning, but I'm here.
Well, I remember when he was the intern, he was on the floor, and he didn't get pizza.
All right, look.
All right, well, and, and how have you been?
How's life been treating you?
How was the Fourth of July for you?
Um, just mostly sat and listened to the fireworks go off, watched a couple of fireworks displays
in WoW and played some Left 4 Dead.
Watched fireworks in WoW, probably better than the ones I spent $50 on, that's for sure.
You used to watch the fireworks in Animal Crossing.
I miss the fireworks from Final Fantasy 11.
Really?
Remember that?
Oh, that's right.
Oh my gosh.
A lot of MMOs do that stuff.
Good times.
Good times.
All right, uh, yeah, I spent $50 on safe and sane fireworks, which is all we're allowed
in this area.
So that lasted about like, what, five minutes?
Oh, wait.
I spent $50 on safe and sane fireworks, and I just get to hear the idiots down the street
shooting off bottle rockets.
Maybe about 20 minutes.
Yeah, you gotta love all the signs everywhere, zero tolerance on illegal fireworks, and the
neighbors all over the place.
We won't tolerate it, but we also won't do anything about it.
But it was, it was fine.
It was fine.
I had a, I had a good night, so.
It was good.
I hope all of you had a good Fourth of July as well, unless you're overseas, and maybe
you didn't, didn't really celebrate the Fourth, but I hope you had a good week nonetheless.
We're back here with Orange Lawns Radio after our week off.
Um, shezrose in our chat room, chat.orangelawnsradio.com, saying, wow, $50?
What the fuck?
God damn.
That is the exact quote, actually.
What the fuck?
God damn.
Uh, here's the thing, though.
A lot of charities set up booths here.
So I think that jacks up the price a little bit, but that's okay.
Like I-
Screw them.
I don't care.
I'm not buying their crap.
I, I, yes, it was $50, but it went to a preschool, because I don't know about you guys, but I
check first what charity it is, because I, there are some charities out there that get
involved in political things, but I'm, I'm not gonna, I don't want to open that can of
worms.
Well, they, this year they were really obnoxious, because they had all the different stands
set up, and normally that's fine.
You see a lot of stands and whatever.
But this year they had, you know, a few stands, and it was quite a few of them, that went
all out as far as trying to get people to come and buy their stuff.
For example, there was a stand on one of the major, you know, cross streets here, and they
had, you know, this giant inflatable barrel that looked like an explosive barrel or something.
They had 50,000 signs that were out there.
They had signs like literally blocks away.
They had people waving signs to go buy their fireworks, and they were offering all sorts
of discounts.
And I was like, no, they suck.
Still not buying them.
Oh, and they had a bounce house.
That's crazy.
That's a lot of all the money that they spent on their advertising.
Not gonna make it up with the fireworks and like, sorry, kids, you don't have to donate
money to the orphan orphanage, but now we actually have to sell the orphanage to pay
for these fireworks.
You do have to wonder about a charity organization that spends all this money on that stuff.
You know, I don't know.
I, I, I feel a little more for like the handwritten in crayon on the poster board support our
school.
Like I'm, I'm more about that stuff.
I don't know.
I don't, I don't.
But anyway, very grassroots.
I am very grassroots.
Hello.
Look at the show.
Been going for eight years and still haven't been bought by, by the man yet.
So well here.
It's a great thing though.
Hmm.
Fireworks are not good just for the 4th of July.
You can use them all year round.
We had a legal, we had a legal ones.
Shame on you.
Candles.
You had a party like on the 3rd, right?
We had a block party.
I see.
So you did fireworks the night before.
And then I did them the night after and the night after that.
I remember one year I bought like 30, $40 worth of fireworks, fireworks, fireworks,
work, work fireworks.
And I brought them to one of Jamie's house parties.
But because there were so many fireworks here, they never got set off.
So I went home with a box of fireworks.
This is funny how you, you take it year round.
I ended up, I actually ended up using them the next year.
I sat on them for a whole year.
We had real metal sparklers too.
Did you?
And um, those little wizard things that go down the street and um, bottle rockets and.
The groundflowers are awesome.
Uh, going to our chat room yet again, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's see.
Um, Salacious Pop is giving an FYI perhaps.
They could have gotten a lot of it comped since the businesses that donated it could
get rid of overstock that way as a write-off.
Hmm.
So maybe they're just really good about soliciting donations.
I guess that's a good point.
Uh, SSJ100 Matt.
Uh, wait, wait, wait.
They're good at soliciting donations.
Why sell the fireworks anyways?
That's the money donated.
SSJ100 Matt says, Rob, I am the man.
How much for the show?
And also I invited Rob and he didn't respond to it talking about his party that he had
and he called me a dick.
Uh, actually, actually I put myself down as a maybe.
For those that don't know, um, I, I yelled at SSJ100 Matt last week cause he called into
the show saying he was having a fourth of July party and what like classic games should
they play?
And I said, I didn't get an invite.
Keep in mind, I live in California and SSJ100 Matt's in New York city.
So he, he did send me an invite on Facebook and I responded maybe because that's what
you do to all the invites on Facebook.
You put yourself down as a maybe.
It's not like there's going to be any fireworks there anyway.
I usually just say no and then when I show up, it's a surprise.
Alright.
Uh, and then, uh, one other comment here, uh, where is it?
Oh my God.
What?
I thought it was something totally wrong, but it would be hilarious.
All right, but we got to get into gaming weeks after that.
Yes.
Okay.
As like a prank, you know, you set up one of those fireworks stands and you put it's
benefiting Al-Qaeda.
That is not a funny prank.
That's a hilarious prank.
It's not funny.
It gets you killed, but it's funny.
What about instead of something kind of hot button like that, you do like just this really
like obscure charity organization, like trying to launch, um, a horse into space organization.
Now that's fun.
How about the people that are trying to build a Gundam?
I think they already have.
No, no, no.
Okay.
Not the Japanese guys.
No, no, no.
It's an American group trying to build a Mecca.
Yeah.
They were looking for funding at like Alaska or something like that and they were trying
to build an actual working Mecca at, I donate, I donate to them.
I tell you how you sell your fireworks and this is so simple.
I don't know why it's not been done yet.
You get strippers.
Come on.
Seriously, you take you, you take those stupid, you know, charity car washes that they have
out there now and they have them for like, you know, soccer teams and stuff like that.
Well, the same, you know, same time they also have, you know, strippers doing car washes
for different charities and whatnot because they're kind of donating and because people
like seeing strippers in bikinis.
It's a tax write off.
Exactly.
You put them out there in bikinis and sell fireworks.
They will clean out that fireworks stand.
That's true.
Easy.
Think about it.
Who's the stereotypical person that's going out to buy the fireworks?
It's you know, the older brother, men that want to blow things up.
No offense, Jamie.
I know you want to blow things up too.
I think you'd have fun with strippers.
Strippers love, here's another thing you need to keep in mind.
Strippers love other women.
They'll get way freakier with other women than they will with men.
Yeah.
Unless you're a gay man.
I know this from experience, sadly.
It's the whole, the whole point of threatening unless, unless, I think it has to do with
the level of threat.
I see.
I'm telling you, if you have, you know, you have a stand with the bounce house and you
have a stand with strippers, I'm going with the stripper stand.
How about a stand with strippers and a bounce house?
That's dangerous.
To who?
All right.
Um, occasionally.
Yeah, but then you'd have to have work, you'd have to be prepared for workman's claim comps
for back strain.
Occasionally here at Orange Launch Radio, we talk about video games.
They're not very often.
I have a huge rack and I know it hurts, so whatever.
All right.
Can we please get into discussion about how is your gaming week?
My boobs are epic.
Dark Sakura.
I know, I've seen those bras hanging up to dry in there.
I'm like, oh my God, a hamster could live in there.
All right.
Actually.
What?
They have.
Four hamsters.
All right.
We love you, Dark Sakura.
We love your breasts.
Tell us a little bit.
I said why?
How is, how was your gaming week?
You did, you did get to do some games this week, right?
Yeah.
Um, I played Star Trek Online and that's about it.
Um, well, no.
Actually, I think that is all I played with Star Trek Online because I, um, I made captain
and then I took a little break and now, um, I'm trying, I have this goal to reach admiral
by Tuesday morning and then go have my surgery done.
So I'm at captain five now and so I have, um, about, I have five more ranks to go and
then you hit 11 and then spend all your points and then you get everything.
And then episode two is going to be out by the end of the month.
So that means we get, you can get more levels.
They're opening up another admiral rank.
And that's not something you have to buy.
It's like a download thing that's doing it automatically.
Oh, cool.
I mean, like a wild patch basically.
Yeah.
Cool.
Basically what happens with Star Trek Online is that, you know, they, they have their episodes
and then they'll do like little mini updates where they'll do like episode 1.5 or something
and give you a few more goodies.
Now the stuff that you, um, actually can buy in the game, like right now they actually
unlocked all of the, um, the pre-order bonuses that you can buy.
So I have everything now.
So you now can have a joint trail if you want to.
And I already paid, actually, I think I already paid about the equivalent anyway to have the
joint trail because I got, um, another, anyway, long story.
So, um, I, um, I've just been playing that and I have my, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I played
peggle.
A lot of peggle on my phone.
Good times.
The end.
Any idea what you might play when you're down to one hand?
Well, um.
Video game wise?
There's always peggle.
Yeah, I could actually play peggle with my phone.
Okay.
This is a good thing about the iPhone though is that I can actually do, like I could, um,
I think I could actually get away with playing as blue, as big, uh, beluga.
You need an RPG.
You know what?
I'll just loan you Final Fantasy 13 this week.
That way you have an RPG to play and you can talk about something besides Star Trek online
on this program.
I was going to try to finish.
I knew I forgot to bring something.
I was going to try to finish blue dragon, but there's that too.
Final Fantasy 13 would be great.
I'm really looking forward to playing it.
All right.
And, um, other than that, we've been playing the get rid of shit game fun, as you can tell
by the state of this room.
I don't know.
It seems like look in the closet.
Okay.
Well yeah, there's a lot less shit in there.
Who's the, who's the cartoony picture of there?
I don't.
That's a picture that's Yara did for, for me of characters.
Okay.
They're characters.
I'm like, these aren't people I know.
Are they?
It's a cute picture, but it's okay.
She does good stuff.
Sorry.
Isn't that awesome radio.
We're talking about pictures.
All right.
But I also hung up my, my bathhouse collage.
You did?
Yes I did.
And I made this thing, which I'm about to put on the board.
You can take it.
At least you can take a picture and put it on our website.
Right.
I'm going to put it on the website.
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
But um, cause I felt crafty.
All right.
Let's as in, I've not been working and I've been bored, bored.
So all right.
Let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, my game week was interesting, I guess, because, um, I had a lot of different things
I played that I haven't really been playing a lot of, um, for example, I went back and
dusted off a few music games this week, including DJ Hero, um, went and played some of the new
tracks in the party mix thing, including the, was it the Lady Gaga, um, uh, Girls on Film
remix was kind of interesting.
Um, I played that and there's some of the other stuff that I haven't played before,
like the other songs, cause I have like all the download content for that.
Then played some Rock Band, um, which was fun, lots of songs to choose from there.
Um, tried playing a little bit more on the medium setting cause you know, I, I'm just,
I was so used to like Guitar Freaks and stuff and never really tried experimenting with
playing, um, any of the harder difficulties.
Just have a, you know, I kind of like how Guitar Freaks when they ramped up the difficulty
just had more notes on the three keys instead of, you know, adding, you know, just more
keys to it.
I kind of like that a little bit better, but, um, I don't know, it was still fun.
Um, and then other than music games and stuff, I've been playing a lot of Crackdown 2 and
honestly it's not that different from Crackdown 1 except they made leveling up a lot easier.
Um, not that it doesn't take as long, but they don't really have gangs this time.
It's just one big old gang that, you know, kind of attacks you everywhere and then at
night you get these, like, zombie-like freaks or whatever that run around, but there's so
many of them and they're so easy to kill, all you really have to do is, you know, like
to level up your physical attack or whatever, you just keep hitting B over and over and
over again and it just attacks all of them and you don't really take a lot of damage
and it's A, you do take a lot of damage, you just kind of jump out of the way and wait
until your health comes back and then go back down there and spam B some more.
Now, this game's been getting a lot of shit in the reviews for being just like the first
game.
Yes.
Do you think that's fair to knock the game for that?
Um, absolutely, it's very similar to the first game and honestly it should be more like the
first game than it is right now.
The problem I have with it is that basically it's very linear in the way you have to kind
of tackle the game because the first game it was, okay, here's the three gangs that
they have and they have these people that are, you know, the gang cell leaders or whatever
and then once you kill the leaders you go after the boss and, you know, it was kind
of neat because you could, okay, I'm going to tackle this gang first or I'm going to
tackle this gang first or hey, I'm going to tackle part of this gang, then go to this
gang and go to the last gang, whatever.
You could pretty much have the freedom to choose how you would tackle the game.
This one though is completely linear because, I mean, granted you can kind of run around
and do different things but they want you to hit up, you know, this one point first
and you have to turn on these beacons and then once the beacons are charged up you go
into kind of a protection mission almost where you have to protect the beacon from the freaks
while it, you know, charges up to destroy all of them and that's good and all but it's
kind of boring because all the missions are very similar.
I wish it was more like the first game where you had a bunch of gangs and you could kind
of tackle it the way it is.
The city itself is almost identical to the first city.
I mean they've got a lot of, like if you've played the first game you'll definitely recognize
a lot of landmarks in there which is kind of cool and some of the strongholds where
these freaks are and stuff are actually where the old bosses were in the first game but
it just kind of, it's a little sad that some of the stuff that, you know, made the first
game so good is kind of taken out.
Like the vehicles that transform when your driving skills is up, those aren't there anymore.
Instead you just get actual different vehicles that have that stuff or all the stuff that
was from the download content, the different like guns and whatnot are actually in the
game.
You have to unlock them later on and it's harder for me to like find these different
points where you're supposed to be getting, you know, gear and stuff.
Now you have to kind of choose your loadout and run around and then finally you have to
find the actual spots where you've captured spots on the map where you can get more ammo
and stuff.
And it doesn't matter anyways because these specialized guns that you have you can't find
ammo for them ever because the gang members don't carry them so once you've run out of
your limited amount of ammo you have to go just use their guns anyways.
SSG100Matt is also pointing out something that's missing.
It's just like the first game he says, minus a Halo Beta packed in.
That's at chat.hornsonsrader.com live.
But it does have the co-op, you know you can do four player co-op which is kind of fun.
They were, one of the things that they were kind of showing off was the magnet grenades
and honestly haven't really found those too useful yet.
Like they showed off some cool things you can do with them like you can stick one on
a gas tank and stick one, another one on a gas tank and fire at one and it'll fling the
gas tanks around.
But it's just, you know, it's hard to do that and line it up.
Oh and then like some of the stuff that they had from the first game that was kind of necessary.
Like for example the sniper rifle had a scope on it which is awesome because sniper rifles
normally have scopes.
Not in the second game because that would make sense.
Or targeting.
You know the first game you can target different parts of the people's bodies.
You can still do that in the second game.
The problem is though is say you target the wrong thing.
In the first game you can just kind of hit left or right on the analog stick or whatever
and it would switch between targets.
Now this one you have to keep hitting the target button to see if you can target the
correct person.
Do you think a lot of these things you're talking about have to do with the transition
between developers?
Because as I understand it the new development company did not have access to what the first
development company had done.
Besides what we all see in retail.
Well they had access to the retail game and they could play and go okay hey there is a
feature in the game.
Maybe we should have made note on it to add it to the game.
It wouldn't be that difficult.
And I hear that they're going to patch it.
They're going to patch it to add this feature back because it is kind of important that
should be there.
That excuse is getting old from all these companies.
It is really old.
Dude we didn't finish the game in time because we needed to hit our release date.
But we'll patch it to fix it.
We'll promise us promises.
Blame the publishers most of the time.
It's an alright game.
I do like okay some of the positives though like orb hunting and stuff because there's
a lot of orbs and I can tell you right in the first game I have all but like two and
I can't find the last two.
I mean I could go through a guide and you know search from all down but it's going to
be really hard to find near the two last agility orbs.
They're probably somewhere I'm not looking.
At least this game.
You think?
Yeah.
That's probably where they'll be.
Somewhere you haven't looked.
Everything that you look for is always in the last place you looked.
So this game though does have an option where you can ping the orbs and actually see them
on your map briefly so you can hit the up button on the directional pad and it'll actually
ping the orbs to see where they're around.
So for example you're kind of looking for them and you are stuck with like two left.
You can ping it and see where it's at on your map and kind of give you a better idea where
there's zero in on it.
Thank God for that.
But just like some of the other stuff that's in the game it's I don't know it's just very
hard to get used to I guess.
Oh and the you know the guy that's talking to you throughout the entire game kind of
you know announcing things.
He's annoying and I can't turn him off which is annoying because he's like you should do
these road races.
I'm like I don't want to do road races right now.
You should do these road races.
They'll give you more driving skill.
Hey there's a rooftop race you just walked by.
I'm like I don't care.
Maybe you should go to that you know the beacon because it's not going to charge itself.
It's like stop nagging me to do this stuff.
I don't care.
You already have a wife.
Watch out there's freaks at night.
Really I didn't figure that out by spending the last 20 days in the game.
You know I can't figure out that the freaks come out at night.
Oh watch out there's a stronghold over here.
Really that's what that means on the map because you've already told me that three times now.
It's just very annoying.
They should have an option to tick that off.
Tell you once when you're starting the game because they kind of do explain everything
and then be done with it.
Stop bothering me with stuff unless it's actually important.
Anything else you gave me week Logie?
Some DS stuff because I was you know finishing up the trial stuff.
So played Pagle DS lots of Pagle Knights on there and a little bit of Zelda Spirit Tracks
just going through the next dungeon where I got some sort of windmill looking thing
which by the way that game just I don't know what it is with some of these Zelda games
but it pretty much it seems like that the whole dungeon is just a tutorial of how to
figure out how to use this item.
I get it.
Okay I figured out how to use the item.
You don't need to you know hey look you can do this puzzle with this you know oh hey look
you can do this now.
It's like just give me the features that you know the item has and I'll figure the rest
out.
You don't need to walk me through it.
You don't need to hold my hand to figure out how to use this.
Oh and fuck you Nintendo for making me blow on my DS to use the stupid item.
Some people don't want to do that.
Just because you have a microphone on there doesn't mean you have to use it for stupid
shit like that.
Are you still on that jury duty thing or did that finally finish?
Because I'm imagining you at the courthouse playing your DS just like very slyly having
to go.
And your DS.
I did that in the hallway.
But yeah no we finished up with that.
We had delivered.
The trial went on for eight days.
Oh god.
All right quickly what was the trial because we're all dying to know.
What was it?
Give us all the details.
Okay trials went on for eight days.
It was this woman by the name of Julie Mayo who had gotten fired from a printing company
in Sacramento here.
Which company?
Because they're probably hiring.
Pacific Standard Press.
Okay I'm running it down.
No they seemed like a nice company because they did have pretty much everybody you know
on the witness stand.
So anyways so she got fired from there but she is claiming that she got fired because
of racial discrimination because she was Caucasian.
She says that this woman by the name of Grace Schneider.
I love that just Logie's putting all the details out there.
It's all public record.
I know it's all public record but it's funny.
So this woman Grace Schneider who is a Filipino supposedly called her a white bitch or a fucking
white bitch.
And because of that you know American lithographers.
I called my sister that once.
Well Pacific Standard Press or in this case the company was at the time known as American
lithographers basically was supposedly covering it up and all this stuff.
Anyways oh and because of that she has suffered you know severe depression agoraphobia and
post-traumatic stress disorder which by the way when they're asking you the questions
you know okay before they're picking the jury and stuff like that.
I was just like because you can kind of get the impression of what this person is claiming
is the problem.
You're just like what.
No that doesn't make any sense.
So throughout the whole trial the plaintiff lawyer was completely retarded.
Reminded me of Andy Griffith in the Matlock role.
And I'm just guessing from the way you're describing this.
This was a not guilty or not or no what would you call it.
Not liable right.
The person who sued lost.
I'm getting I'm just guessing yes.
So basically this this whole trial went on for eight days and the plaintiff lawyer he's
just completely idiotic is the worst lawyer I've ever seen.
Just after they finished the plaintiff's case it was the defense all they had to say was
they got nothing.
I mean he seriously did them such a favor it was retarded.
All the witnesses they called up not one even sided with her.
All of them told a different story the only person who told her story was her.
And nobody could corroborate it.
Anyways long story short after eight days of trial we deliberated twice in 10 minutes.
We knew that was coming.
I was just how long did you guys deliberate 10 minutes.
And we went over the questions twice just to be sure but most of them were twelve zero
and in the favor of the defense there was it was it was sad.
We were just like my God because it was down to like three o'clock.
And if we didn't get deliberated deliberations done by like 415 we would have to come back
on Friday.
We're like fuck that.
We are getting this done now.
Was she was was she pissed.
She looked frustrated like annoyed.
But she was like crying stuff throughout the whole trial.
Didn't do that when she knew at the end.
Oh but her lawyer which wasn't really her lawyer it was the his partner came in that
when we have the the verdict read he looked pissed and he did of course pulled the jury
which we figured they would because we deliberated in 10 minutes but I was like whatever I'm
fucking done today.
You get nothing.
I'm surprised you weren't playing Phoenix Wright in the hall.
I thought that would be ironic but yet no she it ended up that she was just a horrible
worker and she got fired for you know very you know obvious reasons and it made no sense
that she was claiming racial discrimination since the people that fired her were white.
She was replaced by a white woman and the majority of the company is white.
I'm sorry I asked all right.
I'm glad I had to know guys I had to know after two weeks ago.
Oh and by the way I did some research after the trial and she had also sued other people
and she has an Internet business which is doing a lot better than she claimed that it
was doing.
So she's a lying bitch allegedly I all right.
We don't need a trial for that.
I really hate people that do that crap.
The plaintiff lawyer kept calling like his client Mr. instead of Mrs. He kept screwing
up the gender of different people on the witness stand or whatever kept repeating stuff.
He would fuck up their names all the time and he misspelled examining on his little
board in this closing closing arguments.
It was awesome.
We video games back to video games sorry real life Phoenix right.
Drew Hey you're going to try and follow that up what do you have been playing this week.
I cannot top that I played played a little bit of wow and a lot of Left 4 Dead 2 towards
the end of the steam sale a friend of mine give to me Grand Theft Auto 4 for PC.
So I was playing some of that.
It's OK.
It actually made my system work for once but I've just been playing a whole lot of Left
4 Dead 2.
I really enjoy Ellis he's a motor mouth.
And aside from that my gaming group week has been pretty boring.
So I really got I really got after all that Loki said I got nothing all right.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Did you take advantage of the Uber steam sale that was going on I see Dark Soccer's on steam
right now and I remembered the week we were off they had some Uber sales and I know I
bought a lot I bought I managed to restrain myself since my funding is a little tight.
I think I spent about thirty thirty five dollars I bought a flat out ultimate carnage for two
bucks nice Left 4 Dead 2 for twenty and I was pissed when they dropped it down to ten.
It's like playing the stock market someone gifted me GTA 4 and I got one other game and
I can't remember what it was but I think I spent in total about thirty bucks.
This game is great it's called Blood Bowl.
It's Warhammer sports.
I know I think that's hilarious.
It is hilarious every single bit of it.
Let me transition into my week a little bit and I'll talk about what I bought on steam.
I was gifted the Civ 4 complete collection for my birthday because that went down to
about I think it was like ten dollars at one point so I got that as a gift which was awesome.
So I did play a little bit of Civ 4 this week got back into Crackleization.
I tried I tried.
Oh it's fun but it's a lot I honestly think the console versions of Civilization as much
as they're hated by some of the core Civ community I think they are really good entry level games.
So like if you've never played a Civ game before maybe start with the console ones but
I don't think the PC ones are that inaccessible they've got good tutorials but I played that
a little bit.
Team Fortress 2 I finally bought I played that a little bit but man I am horrible first
person shooters I was sucking in the tutorial levels it's sad.
If it was hard before it's a clusterfuck now that they've pushed the engineer update.
Now engineers can pick up carry and set down their sentries.
So on the server I was testing it on I played for two hours nine engineers on ten man teams
and the tenth man was a spy.
Jamie and I still have to have our match we didn't we didn't get around to that but I'm
I'm still learning how to play so yeah I would probably play as a team of all scouts it'll
have to be after the hand thing needs to be because they have the best taunts well here's
one thing kind of and maybe you know this Drew I granted I didn't spend a lot of time
with it I couldn't get my 360 controller to work right with it do I did I do something
wrong or does it not really work I've actually never tried using controller for Team Fortress
2 in fact I am very against the idea of using a console controller to play first person
shooter why there's nothing wrong with it it's personal taste I find a mouse to be more
precise some of those great internet debates well keep it keep in mind and when we were
all playing Final Fantasy 11 I was playing with controller well that team was designed
for the ps2 really but I could you know break out all my macros like that and people were
like why are you using controller I also want to say I bought this real quick because it's
awesome even though I didn't get a chance to touch it this week but I bought the complete
XCOM collection for like five bucks because the old school I just wanted to I never had
the chance to play through those but I heard they were good they're good so I'm gonna play
them let's see other games I played this week of course I play Warcraft because I always
fucking play Warcraft but I want to talk about some other games lol random game of the week
I played Star Wars the force unleashed the game's only about what two and a half years
old I finally got around to playing it this week that was that was the other game about
Star Wars Empire at War oh well there I'm glad I could help jog your memory there I
played the force unleashed which you might remember the talk about this one because this
is the one where Soulcalibur 4 had Yoda Darth Vader and then the apprentice Starkiller Starkiller
and this was his game was the force unleashed although you start the game playing as a Vader
which I thought was kind of cool I was like yeah I'm Darth Vader and I'm just gonna fucking
blow everything up with the force yeah I'm gonna blow through this giant wall yeah I'm
fucking Darth Vader whoo it was fine I actually was saying that while I was playing you know
it's fun but in in and then when you get into the real because the prologue lasts what like
15 minutes then you get into the real game and it and you know you're the actual apprentice
and there's a lot in the mechanic about gripping things with your you know it's it's what the
fanboys want you gripping things from a distance with your hand and like flinging these barrels
into the stormtroopers and into all these bad guys it's pretty cool I guess the game
got razzed a little bit by the critics and I can kind of see why there was some weird
graphical things in it and the mechanic seemed to be a lot of fling things around fling this
and fling that and it's it's also a really hard game it's it's I died like within five
minutes when I first started I was like whoa I gotta I gotta approach this a little differently
and I've been doing Lucasarts games have never been particularly forgiving but I would I
would not say it's a bad game by any means it was it was neat I think especially if I
was more of a see I'm more of a Trekkie hate me if you want but I think if I was more into
Star Wars I would probably really like this and I liked it enough as it is it was cool
I mean granted it's it's a little old now but you can probably get it cheap if you're
a budget gamer oh I can't get it cheaper than it was at the time it was seven dollars and
fifty freaking cents so it was cool I want to play a little more of that I I need to
play more I didn't play a whole lot so I want to play more of that I'll tell you what game
I played a whole lot of this week Puzzle Quest 2 came out on Xbox Live I believe it's all
sold on DS maybe iPhone all if it's not there yet it will be let's face it those Puzzle
Quest games show up everywhere so Puzzle Quest 2 is sort of the lol Galactrix didn't really
happen kind of game because remember there actually was already a Puzzle Quest 2 this
is the Puzzle Quest 2 back to swords and magic and sorcery type of game but I noticed right
off the bat this actually threw me for a loop they kind of did away with the world map in
the first game and now it's more of this isometric you don't really have free roam but you go
from screen to screen kind of like an old ass PC game is kind of the engine and at first
I was like I don't know if I like this this is really weird but then I realized by completely
changing and renovating the engine they kind of did away with what I didn't like in the
first game and that was all the micromanagement you had to do like the upkeep of making sure
you're in control of the castles and discovering spells a lot of the micromanagement and all
that stuff is gone and they have more of a streamlined dragon warrior-esque feeling RPG
if you will although again you don't free roam it's more like point and click but that's
not the game right the game unlike those other RPGs the game itself is not moving around
the game is the puzzle board and the bejeweled desk matching three in a row game I really
like the changes they made here and that's really what makes this sequel I think better
than the first game is that they did away with XP and gold as objects in the board you
might remember in the old game used to have to match up XP if you want to gain experience
you had to match up gold if you wanted gold that's all gone you just gain experience and
gold based on how well you do what they've replaced it with is that now there's an actual
purple mana so there's five colors instead of four and instead of gold they have these
brass knuckles I guess for lack of better more like iron knuckles I guess for lack of
a better term and as you level up iron knuckles you can either use a sword or a shield depending
on your class or possibly a poison if you're an assassin I think sorcerers do like magic
or mana pool regeneration things it's sort of like a wild card depending on your class
I kind of like that mechanic it really adds an interesting twist to it so that's really
the biggest change between puzzle quest one and two in regards to how the game works but
there's another thing you should also know is that now the size of the board will change
depending on what you're battling so sometimes you battle these big bears and there's a huge
board to go with it and I kind of like that and sometimes some squares will remain inaccessible
there are still some mini games like picking locks bashing down doors and they are all
pretty much give or take the variations on bejeweled you've seen before like does anyone
remember an Xbox live game and I think this is on like Facebook and stuff too called jewel quest
where the goal wasn't to match three in a row but was to make every square on the board
gold by matching a piece on that square I think so okay that is the search the room
mini game in puzzle quest 2 so lots of lots of little variations that you're kind of used
to seeing so I thought it was neat I enjoyed it and I played a hell of a lot of it so I
think that says something about it and you know for 15 bucks on Xbox live it's it's it's
pretty good deal 30 bucks on the DS so not sure what that's all about well I do it costs
more to make a cartridge than it does to push something digitally but I could see where
the allure of being able to take it with you would be but I'll probably try to play a little
bit more on Xbox live I need to because you know how well I'm doing on my beat three games
goal I've beaten zero so maybe I'll beat this one we'll see alright you guys ready to get
into some gaming news I guess finally let me do some housekeeping real quick here join
us on our Facebook please facebook.com slash orange lounge radio you can join our community
there we post you know news when the shows are coming out and so forth we're also on
twitter twitter.com slash olr you can always interact with us by sending us stories and
we do consider those throughout the week for inclusion in the show I'm not even gonna plug
myspace anymore I mean is anyone here using myspace anyone anyone anyone in chat using
myspace anyone my butt yeah so I don't I should just delete it now leave it up as a testament
that's true there are there actually are some old ass clips from the to go edition the first
form of the podcast so why not I guess I'll just leave it up but whatever I didn't realize
that steam had a whole bunch of Sega Genesis games I just recently got those that was a
recent partnership I believe speaking of which don't forget the steam group if you want to
play with some members of the oil army thank you very much there is a lot of you if you
browse game facts I'll try to leave notes about orange lounge radios next next shows
up on the current events message board well that's awesome thank you I've seen people
put it in their signatures and stuff too and I love that that's so so generous of folks
to do I do want to point out if you go to our website at orange lounge radio.com there's
a little box on the left side called extended play and that's got like everything it's got
like our youtube channel our twitter our facebook the steam community olrpsp.com which we haven't
talked about forever and the wiki I love the wiki have people actually updated stuff there's
a few dedicated like dark Tetsuya AJ mix and I think I've seen a few others they're very
dedicated and they're very good generals of the oil army for keeping that stuff up to
date but it could use more so I'm hoping people crack on it get to it we need other contributors
all right and yes a comment in our chat room act F says nobody uses myspace anymore yeah
that's how I felt all right let's let's let's get into some actual gaming news here and
talk about what's going on in the gaming world Loki what's up well this is kind of interesting
they're going to be kind of changing up how you know people look at Xbox Live Arcade and
honestly reminds me a little bit of the PlayStation Network kind of what they're doing but it's
called destination arcade it's kind of a visual browser of the Xbox Live Arcade stuff they
have a bunch of different things on there including you can check out the new arrivals
check out some of the news stuff actually is browser titles they're going to have kind
of recommendations based off of different purchases lots of neat stuff also kind of
a way to maybe see some more better screenshots now they have this all kind of now but they're
making I guess a little bit easier to view because I know with a lot of the titles that
are out there now it may make it a little difficult to browse for what you're looking
for especially God if you were looking for indie games that's really difficult to find
now hope this includes the indie games yeah I was gonna say have you heard anything about
like the indie games the incorporation of that no so we'll see because I mean if they're
doing this with Xbox Live Arcade and the indie games are almost like Xbox Live Arcade stuff
I don't see why they couldn't include it now we haven't heard a lot about this next patch
in general and usually there's a lot of fanfare about what's coming up in these big you know
it used to be biannual now it's just what annual I don't even know how often they do
know it's kind of like whatever they feel like it is still biannual in fact this this
thing before well not even that that was just another update this update actually with the
visual browser is supposed to be happening I believe this month oh wow so any week now
I mean it should be coming soon have they said anything else about what else we might
see implemented I mean my assumption is that all this connect stuff is probably the big
thing that's gonna be in it but I don't think the connect stuff is actually gonna be in
there until it actually comes out on the fourth if anything I would guess that we're gonna
get that patch pushed to us probably either I'd say the end of October is when we're gonna
see the connect patch they'll kind of unlock all that stuff but yeah I mean it looks interesting
I guess they'll be I don't know we'll have to check out when it actually comes out but
it's nice I guess but honestly I've never had problem finding stuff on Xbox Live Arcade
but I could see where you might if you don't know what you're looking for um act-def seems
to say in our chat room here I'm just kind of summarizing what he's saying that this
whole new interface seems a lot like the rock band store the guitar hero store and the music
shop I haven't used that I haven't used those in a while because I haven't really been buying
download content I've used the rock band one before I haven't used it in a while either
but I've used it before well I haven't used it let's say in Xbox Live I've used it in
rock band 2 but you know it's a lot different on Xbox Live it's like this whole standalone
app yeah and you can listen to clips and everything without having to actually launch the game
which is interesting but it's what's also weird is that it shows up in your played games
history like it I think it's really just a mini game in a way yeah if that makes sense
but I think that's how Xbox kind of recognizes it as a miniature free game if you will so
um act-def uh also hits us with another good comment here at chat dot orange launcher dot
com says I think they won't add the indie games since they aren't available outside
the US and other countries so it'll only be for arcade stuff I don't understand why they
wouldn't be out they really should open it up to everybody one of the other features
that you can do in this is you can actually recommend games for friends so that's kind
of cool wait I thought now I realize act-def is in Mexico so maybe that is true about Mexico
but I thought um Japan had the indie games too because aren't there some indie games
being made over there I know there's some Japanese indie games that are on the service
already so I assume that they were in those regions as well so it's just kind of outside
of the big regions where you're not seeing this and when I say big regions I say Japan
US UK basically I guess all right well we'll see what happens with this store when it launches
or whenever we get a patch date so we'll see moving on uh did you know that there's a game
called Justin Bieber revenge what yes there's actually a video game called Justin Bieber
revenge and I imagine that Justin Bieber just like takes out an Uzi into that crowd of screaming
fangirls I found a game going through apps real quick that I have to share off topic
vuvuzela versus zombies I want to see Justin Bieber vs. vuvuzela the other day when I was
driving home I saw a guy with one of those blowing it out the window of his car I was
like what the hell I know it's all the rage I guess I it destined to become you know when
they have the I love the 2010 you know many years from now snarky bevels comics commenting
on the vuvuzela take that vuvuzela and shove it up your butt it just sounds like it probably
improved the sound God all right here it is Justin Bieber revenge look what it really
is you heard a tap tap revenge on the App Store right well tap tap revenge has all these
spin-off games Lady Gaga revenge Dave Matthews band revenge and Nickelback revenge I think
that should go the other way around Nickelback should not be having revenge on me I should
be having revenge on Nickelback for being on the radio but I did or Justin Bieber here's
the thing I don't listen to radio stations that play Justin Bieber but of course the
only time I've ever seen him was when I was waiting for more comedy in Saturday Night
Live because they had a break where apparently they just decided not to be funny or anything
we're being funny by having him sing but it was just I don't understand I don't see the
draw I don't get it all right well here's the thing it's going to be very interesting
I think you're going to see a little more Justin Bieber revenge and a little less Nickelback
revenge I'm not sure I feel about that in the future because guess what Tapulous the
company that makes these games was just bought this week by Disney that's right Disney bought
Tapulous so now they are a part of Disney interactive media which is interesting because
we've seen kind of more and more from Disney interactive media come out in the past couple
years we have split second Tron is coming out soon it's a little more than just the
kiddie games so on predator I'm sorry I was like that's not a turok was Disney oh that's
right well that's forget it was Sega all right but anyway I it's gonna be interesting to
see what this partnership might bring later on and tap tap revenge is not just a play
on Dance Dance Revolution that always kind of struck me as funny it's whatever it's just
an eye I've played the game and it's like one of those things that's oh yeah I'm black
wolf points out a good one that's important epic Mickey which is a very different direction
for the Disney franchises is also there not really when you look at it I mean it would
have been if it had been kept it to its original wonder you know awesomeness with all the like
really twisted shit but in the end it's going to be as twisted as like I think near the
Alice in Wonderland movie where there's definitely a dark side to it it's dark sided little bit
of that let me put it this way the equivalent of epic Mickey should have been and what it's
going to be it would be like if epic the original epic Mickey is like American McGee's Alice
versus what it's going to be is like you know Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland kill the
mouse take his house kill the mouse take his house what was how it was supposed to be with
Oswald going nuts I see I get it isn't what the Oswald's in the in the thing right yeah
yeah but if he's not as nuts apparently okay it would have been you know that's what they
need to do American McGee's you know epic Mickey AJ mix in our chat room actually says
the game used to be called tap tap revolution going back to this old tap tap revenge thing
by the way just kind of like a little aside apparently like step mania is now on the iPhone
did you hear that yep now they it but it's it's tap mania but like what's really weird
about it like and I haven't played with the app so I don't fully understand how this works
but apparently you can load mp3s into the app but not via the iTunes interface which
I can't believe Apple approved that like there seems to be something there like I again I
haven't had hands on with it but apparently you can load your own mp3s and step files
into this app and that doesn't seem to be something that usually Apple's very supportive
of unless it's they're just claiming to do that via like the SM zips you know format
or something like that where you can just zip up the whole file and just throw it in
there with the steps and the backgrounds and all that fun stuff oh Black Wolf is saying
that it was a homebrew app back in the day it even worked with your own music people
submitted note charts and it was awesome and then the app store came out and they went
all legit so that I guess that's a history well now you got now you've got tap mania
is I guess the rogue renegade tap tap revenge or whatever but does anybody care all I can
say is that apps in general effing suck on my 3g now ever since iOS 4 came out like I
thought I asked for it was gonna be awesome but it really slowed down the 3g like mine's
been pretty awesome that's always been my impression of the iPhone is it was supposed
to be awesome but it just sucked all right can we move on I think we got Apple hey you
can even take that back to Apple Disney bought tap people we'll see what comes of that in
the future I'm just I'm just waiting I'm guessing your brother's revenge can't wait can't wait
by the Cyrus revenge goody goody what do you got for us dark Sakura well this is something
that has been on the mind of many a World of Warcraft and Starcraft 2 player about the
real ID here we go yep and this news comes from geek life plug plug that's geek dash
life that's important what's geek what's geek life without the dash take you to porn I don't
know I'm gonna look but the dash is important anyway there's a certain thing that happened
after one of the forum moderators revealed his name and someone managed to basically
put out all of his personal information out in plain view so they said um yeah we're not
gonna do that on the forum sorry oops our bad it's fine for everyone else just not us
how do people use the official Warcraft forums anyways I don't understand it's like if you
don't like it I'm sure that there's other forums out there I mean it tech support I
use the official Star Trek online ones tech support but it's World of Warcraft it should
never be broken I think well also life is like a podcast or something but their site's
kind of ugly I mean no offense it's just very disorganized anyway but geek dash life is
great yes it is it's fantastic and I've started doing a blog on there now called tales from
the vault okay so be mirrored on the orange I want to rant so let's get through this story
because I'm ready to write well I said everything while you were looking up the other site so
curious I believe me I have been closely following what's been going on with this whole real
ID thing gonna find you Rob have it wrong they will here's the thing the forums okay
obviously was a bad idea but yes you do have to post there for tech support sometimes and
if you want to contact the GM's you know why because when you call Blizzard you're gonna
wait on hold for 45 minutes if you can even get through at all like their text once you
get through to somebody their tech support's okay but from the standpoint of like sitting
on hold and everything it stinks it really stinks so yeah I mean the forums end up having
to be an alternative to that obviously the forums was a stupid idea I mean it was a dumb
idea I understand the whole wanting to get rid of trolls things but that wasn't the way
to do it roles don't care and it will give them more ammo you're gonna get rid of seven
eighths of your posters if at least by doing that so it's like why do you want to shoot
yourself in the foot maybe you want to do advertising on your form someday do they still
do advertising here's the thing it cuts down on bandwidth cost if you lose most of your
forum users that's the genius that's the fucking lizard they don't need to cut back on that
meanwhile they're running a computer game with 11 million people subscribing I hard
and soon a huge game that's gonna just like turn Korea upside down and then we're gonna
have Diablo 3 and don't think I happen with that and isn't Blizzard they have the bandwidth
to Blizzard a company that they can just make up a mount and just sell it for $25 and people
are like oh we got a new mount and sparkle ponies it's pretty sick dude now if they had
sparkle ponies they do have sparkle ponies no I still wouldn't play okay well I was gonna
say that that was hey we were promised a pony $25 sparkle ponies all right look here's the
thing yes the forum thing was dumb I there were people that were like yay no more trolls
on the forum yay yay but it's kind of like okay well now you can just sit there and talk
to yourself I suppose I don't think the official forums are that bad I mean yes there's trolls
but you know where on the internet aren't there trolls there's trolls in the reviews
for orange lounge radio on iTunes there's trolls everywhere you guys I don't understand
how it's gonna cut down on trolls because say I have my real name up there you know
whether my name is like you know troll guy or you know Matt I can still troll people
well look Rob they're they're not doing it anyway yeah try hanging out on the roleplay
forums and tell me there aren't more trolls well now how in the F are you supposed to
roleplay with your real name come on I know that's that's the death no the dumb that was
gonna be massive they already had a replacement site set up for everyone to go to all right
look I we could talk about the blizzard employee who got cyberstalked when he put his real
name out there and they spill all your data bottom line is they didn't go through with
it yay it was makes about as much sense as a whole lifelock dude so I'm not gonna go
back into the pros and cons of the forums but this is what I really want to make sure
people understand because there's a lot of misinformation out there okay there's a lot
of misinformation out there and one of the first ones was and I would see this I saw
this on Twitter from other podcasters and people that ought to know better it would
say real ID is going away real ID is gone real ID has been eliminated by blizzard real
ID is here to stay no no no no no no no real ID didn't go anywhere it's just this implementation
didn't happen this extension of real ID didn't happen this whole blizzard already did a dumb
thing and they're just making it even dumber is the only thing that got pulled back everything
I said in my rant two weeks ago you know what changed from all that stuff I ran it about
two weeks ago about the whole friends of friends about the whole your last name is in the game
you know you know how much of that changed with this announcement nothing nothing the
only thing that that CEO mentioned was that he's they're not going to implement something
they thought about implementing when almost 50,000 people replied on that thread before
it got officially I have seen administrator posts on the forums and such saying that they're
looking to close some security holes in the real ID system so you wouldn't be able to
see friends of friends and such they're working on it but it is testament to the fact that
if you complain loud enough often enough and in great enough number you can generally rattle
the company into doing what's right and yet Bobby Kotick still has a job now Bobby Blackwolf
thinks I'm blaming him because he was one of those people that posted about all that
no Bobby I'm not picking on you I'm picking on because I know you don't play Warcraft
whatever but there's you know people out there that claim to have friends at these companies
and friends and all these high places I got friends that work there and I know what's
going on well then you ought to know better Oh dark dark Tetsuya in chat so is mr. T gonna
start using his real name in the commercial now I know that is his real name look name
mister middle name period last name T I know there's some people that don't want to hear
all this really that would be awesome for stalking celebrities in the game well they
wouldn't post on the forums but here here's the thing but aren't their names going to
be in the game do you know it's gone that's gone no here's the thing though here's the
thing that's important is that this whole thing overshadowed something way more important
that happened in real ID this week so allow me to bring some light to this it was revealed
this we don't believe me go to wow.com it's in a story on there and there there are respected
wow news site okay there is one line of code when inserted into an add-on will show your
real name even if you don't have anybody on your friends list so if there is a rogue add-on
out there that wants to insert and and already there's been these false reports and false
photoshops and things of this line of code being in popular mod such as gear score and
deadly boss mods luckily those are all bullshit but what is not bullshit is the fact that
the code is out there and it works rob the hole has been closed it was hot fixed on the
tenth yesterday okay okay fair fair enough but it was there in the first place and this
is important because blizzard says this whole system they've been saying this whole time
that this is opt-in and that it's safe well that exploit showed it wasn't and granted
okay whatever this thing's been hot fixed yep yep yep yep yep they need to verify their
shit first right exactly and what's to say there won't be a three line code or a five
line code that is soon to come out that's also going to exploit this information my
point is blizzard has been selling this thing as opt-in and opt-in and a lot of people that
are advocating for this is opt-in well this little exploit that happened this week patched
or not showed that the system is not opt-in if you really want to shut it off you've got
to enable parental controls i'm a 32 year old and i have to enable parental controls
on my own account in order to be able to shut off real id that is not opting in that's opting
out and not only is it opting out it's opting out in a very complicated way it is opting
in because they've opted you in to this wonderful feature well now i realize battle net wants
to get in bed with blizzards or i'm sorry they are in bed with blizzard battle net wants
to get in bed with facebook so so badly but here's the thing that's what facebook is getting
a lot of shit over right now and there's that movie coming out about facebook and they really
don't make them look like nice people have you seen the trailers for the i think it looks
awesome but they really don't make the facebook people look like nice people like it's not
nice it's not a very glamorous remember facebook and possibly blizzard hey you remember what
happened to myspace remember how myspace used to be like facebook there will be another
website and everyone will migrate to that website let me quickly finish my thought here
and that is that you know it's not an opt-in program it's an opt-out program and if you
are believing that it's opt-in this whole thing that happened this week should tell
you uh different and you might be thinking i don't play wow i don't give a shit well
if you're going to play starcraft 2 or diablo 3 this will apply to you and let's not forget
how many mmos have knocked off wow at this point how many video games in general have
knocked off diablo and starcraft and blizzard at this point dangerous precedent yes it is
a highly dangerous precedent so you may not care now but ask yourself if this were your
favorite game would you care they might change the definition of opt-in to be you opt-in
by playing our game um you know what if i have to say this that if they did it on star
trek online i would quit i would and it's a dangerous precedent that they're setting
so let's hope they do the right thing let's hope they um allow you to mask your last name
allow you to you know have the handle at least hide that friends of friends stuff and just
uh i wish my real name was on grand theft auto because i'd fucking love everybody to
know that i'm kicking their ass by the way i'm ranked 58 now i in the world and i love
this comment from toa gak in chat real ideas as secure as the we correct and that's your
real name out there folks your real name because when i signed up for wow four years ago i
assumed that the name i was giving them was for billing and information purposes i had
no idea what the agreement said no idea that this was going to be the result of it and
now i can't change my name i would have signed up with my internet name and my internet trail
rob roberts if i knew that in the beginning this is this is what actually i'd like to
see happen is i'd really like to see you know an organized boycott hit him where it hurts
well that's happening to some extent but you know i don't know it's i'm kind of on the
fence with it like i was you know my whole thing last week i kind of believed the whole
opt-in thing and that's why i didn't go so far as to say i'm gonna quit that at a da
but then when the forum thing happened this week i got really angry and i thought about
quitting because that kind of felt like a slap in the face from blizzard to me saying
that oh well we're not really listening to the concerns you guys have about real idea
in the first place in fact we're taking it a step further and i think what people are
forgetting and this is really bothering me that this happened because you know blizzard
announced this and then took it back it's making everybody forget the problem that was
still there in the first place and the flaws with real ideas it is i wouldn't put it past
them that they did it on purpose knowing that would happen i love their game i'd i know
i would prefer it to remain a game it's so hard jamie it's not a social network i love
that game and and i have so many friends that i interact with and play it with they'll still
be your friends and i know but it's it's just i can't explain it i i know what you mean
trust me i played ragnarok for how long yeah yeah and i quit ragnarok when they started
doing shit i didn't agree with and i played in the beta like the the first actually i
played um part apart from the alpha so that's how long i've been with ragnarok online when
they started doing crap i didn't like i quit i'm not opposed i'm not opposed to quitting
in fact ask ask alan i really kind of had a long chat with him about it and i said i
was paid through the 14th so i said i'm gonna wait and see if blizzard changes their mind
by the 14th and sure enough the scale back happened and i said okay well now they're
moving in the right direction so i'm kind of like at that point where i'm like well
let's see what happens but there is an expansion coming out and if they're going to want my
40 to the expansion i want it to be an expansion i want i just think that there comes a point
and this is something that people in the gaming community need to realize there comes a point
which um when you basically sacrifice your ideals for entertainment uh rama kun in chat
says chat dot orange on twitter.com by the way says sky all of this is coming from activision
they're pushing for this not blizzard i don't care where it's coming from it sucks you know
in the end i i don't really care who the boycott is hurting if it's not something i believe
in then i'm not i'm not opposed to quitting well if that's correct that means blizzard
is starting to push back but i have to it's here's what i'll tell you will happen i might
stick with wow for now but there's two mmos coming out this fall that i am very interested
in final fantasy 14 and dc universe you're supposed to play star trek and at some point
i'm supposed to squeeze star trek online in there too i'm not playing with me i'm not
paying for four mmos so quit world of warcraft and play with me we'll see you can you can
play with all of my really cool new um friends in my fleet in fact i promised that i would
give them a plug and i'm going to so oh yeah go ahead i would like to give my show although
they're probably mostly all asleep because they're all in the uk of course they are of
course they are the independent united fleet they are super cool people and well there's
a couple there's one from hawaii and one from new york i think so i'm not the only american
there one more thing i want to say unreal id and boycotting wow and all that i here's
another thing to consider is that again this isn't just about warcraft i am really looking
forward to diablo 3 i really like diablo 2 and i really really want to play diablo 3
so that's another reason i kind of want blizzard to do the right thing here because realize
that if i have to quit wow because of this um you know if if blizzard takes it a step
further in the wrong direction and i end up quitting wow over this i'm gonna have to quit
diablo 3 as well rob which is gonna it's not the same but you could always have torchlight
i do have torchlight and it's great so yeah there's the torchlight mmo to look forward
to next year i suppose there's a we'll always have torchlight backs me up that you can play
star trek online with me and travis oh god travis travis will do nothing but dare me
to do dumb shit in star trek online just like he does there's no real way that you can do
dumb shit on star trek oh that sounds like a challenge it's run without armor into a
horde of klingons and watch them kick you in the face let's not forget my first character
and when i was in the beta my character's name was captain sassy of the uss oh girl
that was a challenge idea by the way the ship name i've i have seen i have seen plenty i
actually ran into a captain jack harkness that's awesome who role plays captain jack
harkness on from torchwood on and doctor who all right in the damn star trek online thing
i just noticed something how come every captain seems to be named jack go to america is not
named jack he's steve um let me let's move on i want to move on to other gaming stories
but real quick i thank you guys who have kind of bared with my hatred of real idea over
the past couple weeks on the show i know not everybody's into wow and all that but remember
i just want to remind you guys precedent this could have a huge effect on online gaming
as we know it i mean imagine if xbox live required it your real name would you would
you stick with xbox live i just just throwing it out there guys all right let's move on
completely there's actually something that bobby just said in chat oh that i think is
amazing what's that go ahead and read to draw a parallel i said first they came for the
wow people and i said nothing for i don't play wow you know he said something similar
on his twitter this week about the whole thing and i think that's a great uh great little
analogy for for you know for anyone who don't know you know is that you know finally in
the last thing is like finally they came for me and there was you know no one to say anything
for me and i think that you know it's like you're saying this is going to set a precedent
since it's time to stop it in its tracks and i still say everyone should quit surezo in
chat room says it's okay rob ranting on wow is okay with me and here's the thing though
guys there's a there were a lot of people on twitter when i said i was so frustrated
with this they were like yay quit wow quit wow it's stupid wow but all these people that
are egging me on to quit wow probably have some game they really enjoy to play and the
thing about wow you guys as as stupid as this is going to sound i i realize this but this
is just this is the way it is in the year 2010 okay i have a lot of friends in the bay
area that i'm able to like hang out with when we play wow especially one of them happens
to be my boyfriend like we quest together and it's adorable you know that's kind of
one thing we'll do during the week and i think it's really cool that we're both into that
and one reason i kind of didn't want to leave wow is that we wouldn't really have that although
we've got plenty of it we could play team fortress 2 or life or dead and all this other
stuff and you know it's still we'd still have an awesome you know connection and all that
stuff but it you know it's it's hard to just say oh quit you know because you you are saying
goodbye to all your friends when you do that but i also understand it's just a game and
at the end of the day if you believe in something that strongly then you need to walk away and
that is what i will do when you know if if push comes to shove if this makes you feel
better rob um i still keep up with at least four people from the free server that i played
on in um ragnarok online and back from the old school days keep in mind that i quit what
six years ago um i still keep up with at least um three people from there luckily most of
the people i play with i already know in real life but there are a few there's there's a
couple that were listeners of the show that i've gotten to know really well just because
they they came to play wow so you know it's kind of neat anyhow let's move on loki we
need like a whole new different change a topic here it's something something else to um take
our minds off of all this stuff uh we're coming to the psp real id you know uh it affects
nobody um so yes apparently this is great great planning on um sony's part gotta love
their forethought in this i pet psp and invisibles may not support the psp go in north america
um of course these games do require the um playstation portable camera which would have
plugged into the uh usb port on the top of the 3000 2000 1000 models you may remember
though that the psp go does not have that port on top of its system instead they have
some sort of an adapter or converter cable that um is released in japan to be able to
use that kind of stuff that's not coming out over here so yeah it may not be able to you
you're obviously not going to be able to purchase the game either via digital download well
obviously not in umd because the game system doesn't have a umd drive but um might be a
little bit tougher to purchase those for the go i i realize you know i think there's a
lot of people that just want sony to come out and admit psp go is a big fucking flop
it is a big fucking flopping you know why so he can't say that everybody gotta know
that sony can't say that you know what's a big fucking flop have they done any more like
bundles to try to promote the psp go no the last bundle that came out was a psp 3000 with
familiar solid there's another bundle coming out with um you know madden there's gonna
be another bundle coming out i think for kingdom hearts notice all those are with psp 3000s
they are not with the psp go so is that sort of sony's way of of declaring it dead without
declaring it dead well just like they're still willing to say that the umd format is awesome
for movies that it was a successful format i mean they're just they're never willing
to admit defeat despite the fact that defeat might be you know very obvious much like the
court case i was in for the last three weeks are these games themselves you think you're
gonna be any good no it seemed like for a while there the psp had all these like pretty
cool games coming out on it now i don't i it's just me or things slowing down on that
front we really it seems like everything that's on the psp right now is just ports of ps3
games which you know okay you know i i understand you know you want to port a lot of stuff to
handheld makes sense but i mean the psp hasn't had a lot of original stuff right like i i
know there was the final fantasy fighting game but that's the last one i can think of
there's a pretty good like what like the congratulations you've won jamie i hate those things but you've
won you should be congratulated um so let's see here yeah there's been you know some good
exclusive psp games a lot of it's like niche rpg stuff there's the occasional first party
sony title which is you know like i got a war title or something like that uh motorstorm
arctic whatever the hell they called it um they're okay i mean even they're decent but
it's just not like you're not getting really good third-party tiles i mean mel you're solid
it's gonna be pretty good but just there's not a lot of them out there i mean i just
know that a lot of my customers don't get excited about psp games anymore not even so
much ds games anymore either but i can definitely say there's a lot more ds games coming out
than psp games although there's also a lot more crappy ds games coming out but i pin
invisimals if you really had a psp go i don't think you're gonna be too sad about that because
really i pet you know an augmentive reality game where you raise a little pet i don't
think a lot of people that own the psp go give a shit or invisimals you know a game
that's kind of like monster rancher but you know you take pictures of stuff and you know
based on the picture you get these little animals or whatever uh nothing of that i don't
give a shit about that either that's just like saying oh it's so sad that we didn't
have the gps function you know for you know some game like they had one for uh one of
the uh golf games where you could go and get information about golf courses and stuff like
that if you took your psp with you nowadays if you want that kind of crap you have an
iphone or an ipod or something like that well let's continue on any any phone that has apps
let's continue on with this whole comparison of uh the phones and so forth to the systems
because uh apparently uh sony and nintendo both are in talks right now to add 3g network
connections to the next batch of handheld game machines maybe this is something in store
for the psp2 or even the 3ds or more likely a future in creation of the 3ds um this is
coming from ryuji yamada in a newspaper report in the wall street journal he's the president
of ntt dokomo inc is the biggest wireless carrier in japan is currently a company that
had the cool gachamon commercials yeah currently talking to uh video game hardware makers to
try and get these uh portable systems connected to 3g uh there is a quote here from uh ryuji
yamada in the various uh articles quote video game makers know that in order for portable
game machines to take the next step forward they need wireless communication we are discussing
this with various players interesting it's going to be expensive well yeah i mean gosh
the 3g and an ipad makes it what 120 more expensive i think these will be certain versions
of these types of hardware but i don't i don't think you're going to see this in the first
phase of the 3ds but certainly there could be a later phase just like the dsi came out
later on there'll probably be a 3ds iphone or something like that coming out i mean in
a way isn't the iphone kind of the big competitor right now with the handheld it is it is like
it or not the iphone and ipad are our handheld gaming systems right now
you know i don't buy that though i mean i understand you know if you put out a lot of
games you know on a platform i guess we can call it a gaming platform you know the pc
is a gaming platform there's tons of games on there but and just because a lot of people
buy them i mean i guess it's just what i'm trying to say is people buy apple products
are very um sheepish um ba no i i actually sat sat and compared the stats between that
in the blackberry and honestly i've used a bunch of different ones and i like my iphone
so you know clearly the reason why a lot of people have it is because it's actually a
good product now i do believe in the rule of thumb wait until the second generation
all right have you seen this youtube that's been floating around this week because it's
really really funny and look i am an apple fan too and i want an iphone 4 but this youtube
was so freaking funny mark how may i help you iphone 4 where is the iphone 4 i need
an iphone 4 oh i'm very sorry but we are currently sold out however we did finally get some more
htce bows in what what is that is it an iphone no it is that 4g phone on sprint if it's not
an iphone why would i want it well it's similar to an iphone but has a bigger screen i don't
care the internet speeds are around three times faster i don't care it has a higher
resolution camera on both the front and the back i don't care and it doesn't require you
to be on wi-fi to use video chat i don't care its battery is replaceable as is the memory
card i don't care it is highly customizable everything from the widgets to the icons the
fonts and even has video wallpaper i don't care the monthly bill is cheaper i don't care
it fucking prints money i don't care it can grant up to three wishes even if one of those
wishes is for an iphone i don't care it has an app that will build you an island and then
it fucking transforms into a jet and flies you there i don't care and it's motherfucking
indestructible i don't care about any of that okay fine then what the hell entices you about
the iphone 4 if you don't mind me asking it is an iphone you do realize that doesn't mean
anything it's a brand all right that's on tiny watch productions on youtube and i i
just thought that stuff was funny it's that that's the whole sheet thing you're talking
about right loki yes well grab bad bag because i want one and i'm not seeing everybody there's
a few people out there that actually do look at the specs and stuff but a lot of people
just go oh my god apple's releasing something go by like the ipad come on the ipad the oh
i don't get it by the way um there's uh some uh arguments back and forth apparently the
guy who made that video actually works for best buy and there was a little like i guess
he was fired but then he wasn't um according to a story but he didn't he didn't go back
i don't think i think he told them to take to his job and shove it yeah basically i don't
care i guess that whole text to video thing is is really easy to do now because that obviously
that i would i would take the ferret 10 times over that stupid boo-boo zillow if that becomes
a new thing on the show i'm gonna kill myself all right we found the tribble we found angus
yeah somewhere in here was a story about cell phones on sony and nintendo would that entice
you to buy the system i don't know i kind of don't care no i don't care i don't care
that's how i feel here's what really keeps you away from phones like that because you
know i will show you my phone rob and just kind of give you an example here my phone
used to be silver it is now gray because all the paint has rubbed off on it the rubber
that used to be on this phone covering you know the different speaker ports and whatever
has dissolved to nothing um some of the back lights are probably burnt out it doesn't get
internet at all let me put it this way it still has an old logo loki's phone is so last
gen that's basically what it is like three gens ago this is like more than that but here's
the here's the point though the reason why i don't get a new phone and don't upgrade
my services stuff because it's fucking expensive i pay fifty dollars a month for this phone
of which i use i pay maybe twelve dollars or twelve minutes a month i don't want to
know what dan and i spend i pay 80 for mine granted but like for 30 dollars i mean i have
internet everywhere loki internet everywhere i i have to say this and the big thing for
me is that if i wanted to have a permanent internet tether all i have to do is jailbreak
my iphone and i can go anywhere and use the 3g as my internet or you know it has my because
otherwise i was actually looking into buying a pda you know this replaces a pda for me
it replaces my phone my pda enemies don't have to carry my gameboy around you can use
and my mp3 player just just to remind i just wanted to tell you here's a really good reason
why you want to have internet on your cell phone because with internet on no camera on
this either no but here's the thing with internet on your cell phone you can read tmz while
pooping i just want to point that out you can sneak into the bathroom at work uh-huh
and play peggle just so you know dan i just heard like speaking of pooping i just heard
like a huge gunshot go off in the living room and almost maybe poop right here we have playing
crackdown too we have epic subwoofer remember all right that's right all right yeah you
know what keeps me from getting an iphone i can't fucking afford it okay and just okay
okay dude stories on lindsey low hand kind of facilitate release just so you know for
the same price as an iphone you can buy a computer all right i can just go into the
garage and dig up spare parts and build a computer dark sakura the show has literally
gone into the toilet can you uh help move us on to a different topic how about dating
sims rob yay this is the best drm ever um okay for people who have pirated versions
of love plus well when they play their pirated version they find um a little surprise when
they shut off their game and turn it back on um basically instead of having to you know
bypass this and that not being able to play like sure go ahead and play the game and you
get all your happy love points at the girl and yay then you start the game back up she
hates you you cannot get her to like you again you cannot get any of the girls to like you
again because they know you're a pirate and girls don't like pirates at least not in dating
sim land why won't she love me and because you're a dirty ass thief that's why and well
i'm to read some of these quotes on here i was dating her normally and when i restarted
she was pissed at me i can't get her to like me and she's always annoyed at me it's the
ultimate anti-piracy measure i tried the friend part of love plus again to get some scenes
i missed you're right she wouldn't let us become lovers after 100 days she still won't
let me become her boyfriend she completely ignores me and won't send me an email she
would never let me see your tits the events aren't happening either brutal let's see if
the developer hates you the girls hate you too what a surprise and it's written into
the game as copy production dark soccer would you show your boobs to a pirate depends have
you shown your boobs to a pirate yo-ho depends i've done keep in mind i've i've done some
interesting things mardi gras did come from my hometown i i know i know uh look let's
not go there um but this reminds me of this shirt would be easy to do it well no no no
why are you guys saying that while we're trying to do a show i was i was cleaning out my closet
and i found the shirt and it's too big for me because it was from when i was 20 pounds
heavier i just want to point out before the show tonight dark soccer was reading a story
about all these like disneyland myths or things like that one of the things she was talking
about was flash mountain where which i guess is still a website that's operational which
is all the ladies at disneyland that like to show their stuff while they're on splash
mountain i almost called it flash mountain and i'm every time i see that i'm like yeah
i have a friend that would do that not jamie somebody else but i would never do that at
disneyland rob not at disneyland but at mardi gras no no no no no because mobile mardi
gras does not have boob flashing i mean it does but it's sort of like what the crap are
you doing show my boobs right now you're not remembering seriously you didn't really like
you're being stupid we don't care about your tits we want moon pies i'm remembering the
the gabriel lacey skit were they flashed oh yeah and they thought that it were were a
couple women because they look like sexy bitches because they're man boobs i want to see real
quick it reminded me that whole little story of i i know we've covered it on the show before
the earthbound uh copy protection or whatever it was where the game got harder if you pirated
it there would be like yeah four times as many monsters in the last and self in the
last battle it freezes you truly cannot comprehend the true form of the attack because it deletes
your fucking save file that's brutal well i mean if you're gonna pirate a game however
i would love to see the people who got that far with it and you know i want to see a rom
hack where you can play it that difficult and beat the game i think it's been done okay
people just get around this copy protection it won't take long but no but i think it's
fun that that's what they do because they recognize it's gonna happen let's just make
their lives a little bit of hell for you know until they figure it out by then we'll hit
our sails we're done we also had a story um not too long ago probably about four or five
months ago about the whole batman arkham asylum had been pirated and uh apparently in the
pirated version of the game one of the and i'm trying to go from memory here so forgive
me if i screw this up one of the like jump types was missing or there was a puzzle that
couldn't be finished and a guy went on the forums to complain about it and the creators
of the game or the forum moderators basically said yeah you're playing a pirated version
of the game because uh we kind of you know did that on purpose in the pirated version
of the game ban no that's because he complained about it before the game was released and
it's kind of that wasn't what the story was it was it was the feature that gave him away
yeah that was that it was it was that he was complaining about it before the game was released
that was stupid there are people you get advanced copies all the time and and i legitimately
too rob that was about as stupid as the uh guy who complained on the steam forums that
he got banned for uh what was told to him was an undetectable hack and i shouldn't be
banned because it said the hack was undetectable you should guys shouldn't have been able to
shouldn't have been able to detect it why do i get banned reverse the ban somewhere
in a lull bye have a nice day oh you should probably get your money back from that for
buying that hack that's just called an idiot somewhere in a lunchroom nerds are laughing
just an idiot it's and this one thing actually you really do dig about the sims that i mean
now i'm not playing um a all my copies are legit and registered but i download hacks
like crazy for them and the ea actually looks at you know some of the stuff that people
you know make uh modded stuff for and actually kind of incorporate those themes into their
future releases for their store well they know what happens i think the moral of the
story here is buy your games legitimately and maybe you can see some tits yeah i think
if you pay for your game legitimately and then you know there's no tits in love mod
it i'm sorry i mean the only way that you can get the patches that ea puts out is to
basically reinstall everything which i've done you know i i but i only do that when
i buy new versions but i mean but still it's i i think i like i like it better when a company
understands that it's going to happen and then they fuck with you well i agree once
you buy it you should be able to hack the shit out of it it's your copy of the game
and if you want to tear it apart go for it as long you know i don't think you should
hack it to re-upload it you know with to be free and all that but whatever let's move
on let's uh talk about release dates speaking of buying your games legitimately there's
a whole lot of games you can buy legitimately this week uh loki start us off with us including
chuck e cheese's party games for the nintendo ds yes there's a franchise most people forgot
about uh little league world series baseball 2010 uh coming on playstation 3 xbox 360 uh
then of course the wii version which includes um i believe the last year version and this
year i was wondering why they called that double play interesting um oh that's kind
of on wii and ds i believe uh ncaa football 2011 on playstation 2 playstation 3 and xbox
360 pausing claws regal resort the game with the most retarded cover ever it has cats and
dogs dressed up like their royalty with cat with a tiara dog with a crown and a bunny
dressed up like jester what do not want um kind of sounds really interesting though retarded
games with cats and dogs cats and dogs revenge of kitty galore a game tied into a movie that
probably sucks as well disciples 3 resistance coming out on pc and then some more junk uh
hidden objects mystery stories it's a hidden objects game obviously and that'll be out
on the nintendo ds that is it oh oh wait no i'm sorry oh planet pet vet collection a couple
pet vet games that have already been released oh and sorcerer's apprentice which the movie
a movie tie movie doesn't look horrible but it has nicholas cage therefore it's gonna
be pretty bad hey it has nicholas cage as nicholas cage salacious pop in our chat room
says oh so cats can be ceos and presidents but bunnies can't be little kings and princesses
okay it's different i can't why you gotta hate different why you gotta hate on the bunnies
man because i can't all right uh let's go over to japanese release dates and see what's
coming out around the world uh xbox 360 in japan pga woods uh i'm sorry tiger woods pga
what hit pretty much same thing tiger woods pga tour 11 that's the one that south park
would have you believe has the whole fighting uh simulation in it and it really should have
it really it would have made the game so much more uh interesting uh on the playstation
3 same thing but there's a couple other games too uh naruto narutimate storm gets a price
reduction but as far as new games go there's one coming out from konami called gq powerful
pro yaku 2010 uh this is baseball yep you see yaku and it is baseball it's a baseball
game so lots and lots of that um on the other systems going on to the nintendo we coming
out this week uh dragon quest monsters battle road controller uh for the battle road victory
games there's a controller coming out specifically for this battle road victory game uh if you
want to get that i don't know what it was like the arcade is it like a sword yes weird
controller thing that it was a weird controller that they had an arcade we covered in a story
like a long time ago oh yes i do remember that uh we cheer dancing spirits is also coming
out if you want to get your wee cheer on over in japan uh coming out of the nintendo ds
fire emblem shin monsoo no nazo hikari to talk kage no you i believe that's a new fire
emblem game we're getting over here that they teased at e3 as well so that's coming out
a little early in japan love plus gets a price reduction uh keshi kaku kon it comes out as
well and metal fight beyblade bakugami shoshono shurai comes out from hudson i'm not sure
if that's a series we know here um it's an action-based game it looks like it comes with
a special little controller or something it's a kind of a thicker packaging i don't know
if that's like one of those what is it beyblade yeah it's a series that's been out over here
um beyblade is spinning tops yeah oh that's what those are remember that one game it was
well it wasn't tops but it was um where's the game that you're shooting like silver
like crossfire yes crossfire with the really useless pieces that would spin around and
lastly on the psp the castlevania dracula x chronicles gets a price reduction but as
far as new games go there's last rancor comes out papa music portable gets a price reduction
naruto shippuden kizuna drive comes out and buso shinky battle masters comes out as well
from kanami which looks like um is that a shmup because it kind of looks like it from
the cover it's one of those robo anime babes it looks like she turns into a plane there
you go don't fail don't they all chicks that turn into planes there he is ah the guardian
legend uh how about yeah it's true that was that was the guardian legend is just it's
just so epic it's epic epicness hey how about the uk dark soccer type type type type hey
i'm actually just irritated that i wish that uh facebook gave you a way to uh prevent people
from tagging you i hate that too i really wish you could screen that first before you
get tagged in pictures i don't like that too or at least a way that you can detag it yourself
i think you can really yeah i haven't seen it yet anyway um so games well and this is
actually you know yesterday but it's worth saying the silver lining came out woohoo um
on the 13th death spank i don't get what that's a game on xbox live arcade and playstation
3 um destination arcade and then the 16th puzzle quest 2 and toy story 3 the video game
which actually i was looking at the preview for that looks kind of fine my sister's been
playing it on 360 and she says it's pretty fun i actually was listening to another podcast
on the drive down here and one of their caller or whatever was saying good things about it
too so um it was sounds like it might be better than you think as far as movie tie-in games
go i've tried out is that it dark soccer yeah all right well then let's get back into some
news loki yes um there has been a trial date or at least a couple trial dates set for the
infinity ward suit you may remember of course uh the founders of infinity ward were um forcefully
departed from their company and uh are now suing for uh royalties that were unpaid uh
the lawsuit will take place on may 23rd uh 2011 and there's also supposed to be another
uh hearing on august 5th to determine whether a third lawsuit filed by employees of infinity
ward against activision should be considered with the other two lawsuits um on i guess
march 1st activision dismissed uh both west and zampella uh the creators of the called
ooze series for um alleging insubordination and breach of contract by the two and of course
they're suing seeking 36 million dollars in unpaid royalties and alleging activision rigged
an investigation into their conduct to um find a pretext to fire them uh activision
fired or filed a counter suit against the two and of course since then they've created
the uh respawn entertainment studio and there's i believe at least 40 of the employees have
uh kind of moved over to their new studio as well i think i know what activision activision
could do about it they gotta hire your hire that lawyer you had to deal with god that's
the case dude that that i'm serious if that's the case that trial will take about three
years to complete cuz that guy is slow and confusing and will not help them out in one
bit and not only are that they can afford more money or you know afford a better lawyer
than that cuz the theory was going around uh the jury panel is somehow they think that
she was related to him the defense rests like jury hibernates like he's uh he's an uncle
or something because there's no way you would pay good money for a lawyer like that he was
terrible can't we all just get along no i wish i could have recorded that trial just
to so people can understand the kind of pain and suffering i you know was affected by um
i should sue her for the pain suffering that's wrong no it was seriously such a waste of
time all right well uh i'm sure there's gonna be lots of i i can't believe it's actually
going to trial most of this stuff usually gets settled i hope it's on court tv or maybe
e will do some reenactments remember during the michael jackson trial when he did the
reenactments that was the best stuff ever it's about gaming companies nobody gives a
shit yeah i guess that's true but you know all right uh let's move on and uh talk about
uh this interesting little story about roger ebert um which i find kind of interesting
because uh you know he was kind of a few years ago no it actually wasn't a few years ago
probably about a year ago he made this post about video games are not art and can never
be art he's basically saying you know video games are not art and he took a lot of crap
from people that were like you know well what about flower what about shadow of the colossus
what about you know all these other great games that you know you're not really giving
a fair shot to um well roger ebert actually came out and this is actually kind of in the
week we were gone but it was worth mentioning here saying um i was a fool for mentioning
video games in the first place i would never express an opinion on a movie i hadn't seen
so he did make kind of like a if you will like a retraction post but i didn't when i
read it i didn't really see it as a retraction post more or less as like an olive branch
type of post would i think would be more of a fair comparison not only not only though
did he say that he shouldn't be complaining about things he's never experienced he still
doesn't want to even want uh doesn't even want to try and understand people have offered
to uh supply him with a system and games that they considered to be artful and he will he
still refuses to play them he just isn't going to make a statement about things he doesn't
want to uh experience yeah so he's one thing i think you should kind of make sure you pull
away from this he didn't come out and say okay they're art he's just saying you know
what i shouldn't have said anything it's my bad passive aggressive bullshit if you can't
say something nice don't say anything i and yeah it's very interesting that he kind of
won't play the games but you know at the same time no one has to do anything they don't
want to do no one has to do anything so there you go he's basically come out and said i'm
not going to do it so you know what i'm not going to comment on it and i was bad to comment
on it in the first place and so most people are like okay you know i never hated the guy
for what he said i mean hate would always be a strong word anyway i've you know rather
thought his opinions on movies were very interesting and so forth but you know i think yeah you
probably shouldn't make such a bold statement about something you really haven't i mean
especially games like you know the flowers and the shadow colossus and final fantasies
and more artful type of games i mean you can't just associate video games immortal combat
that would be like just associating movies with mega shark versus giant octopus i bet
ebert wouldn't appreciate that it i it still bugs me a little bit that he's choosing to
maintain his level of ignorance rather than uh accept some enlightenment that's being
offered him that's what still bugs me he's refusing to be educated and that's a lot of
people though that's that's a big failing of humanity that's what bugs me about a lot
of people to be fair the guy's got a lot of other stuff to worry about i mean it's not
no there's there's no way to be fair about it ignorance especially self-imposed ignorance
is to me unforgivable well at least he came out and said i was ignorant i shouldn't have
said anything i mean maybe he didn't say that but you know what i'm gonna choose to remain
ignorant thank you very much have a good day shut up all right teach their own uh that's
it for the news but we can't end this segment just yet we've got to get to the classic video
game of the week that's right here on the show we always take a few minutes to uh say
hey why are you not uh admiring these games from the past you should take a moment to
respect your elders and the elder games that came before you dark sakura what is tonight's
classic game of the week i think the only way we can properly do this is to play the
intro rob oh well i guess i can do that for you
it's a very quiet intro just you know i don't even know if it's going through on the feed
it's super super quiet well it's dragon's lair there you go so you want to get on to
the other stuff let me see if this one plays a little bit louder now i feel like i have
to move right really quickly yeah this one plays a little better that's just um that's
a complete uh perfect playthrough in hd so yeah the game is dragon's lair which i have
a bajillion copies of including the hd copy and i have it on sega cd and um but this game
um was out on laserdisc animated by don bluth and um you um basically as each little section
play you'd have to um tap the right direction or the right button and it would bring it
up as a little flash on the screen so you'd have to move in the correct direction based
on what it gave you and you'd have to be pretty fast i mean right at the beginning i mean
i can't tell you how many times i fell through the damn um bridge right when you're walking
into the the lair um it's also out on the iphone too just to say so um anyway about
the game you play as derk the daring to rescue princess daphne from the evil dragon slinge
and you go through it it's really straightforward also um this was one of the first arcade games
that cost 50 cents to play usually most the other games were a quarter of play and um
basically uh the game was inspired by the old text game adventure and so this is called
a graphic adventure um when uh the game came out it was basically a big sensation again
not just because of uh the fact that it was more expensive um but that uh it made games
this the game itself shut down quite a bit because it was running on a laser disc yeah
they basically were overused and really broke down and it's actually one of the you know
probably the most popular game of this type other ones that came out in um the uh series
there was uh space ace and dragon's lair 2 and even um there were a number of other ones
that were like that they even converted um the lupin movie the castle of cagliostro into
one called cliff jumper i don't think it was the same company i i can only remember getting
past the first three scenes in space ace the animation was so good i love space ace um
there's also dragon's lair 3d returned to the lair which is a 3d you know reinterpretation
of the game um they actually had um a dragon's lair movie scripted and ready to go into production
um right now though and they are doing this completely old school 2d animation but it's
um in held up in development right now there's a blu-ray version of dragon's lair um and
um they basically though had to completely go through and remaster everything clean the
cells themselves remember when they did the macross yeah um thing where they actually
extended the frames out to wider screens they're doing the same thing this this though is not
to be confused with the utterly horrible uh nes adaptation of dragon's lair this this
is the good stuff right here i want to do an aside when jamie's done because there was
a home version i replayed a lot more of than the arcade game growing up but i'll get into
that a minute um well there's also um you probably have heard princess daphne in the
background it doesn't really look very princess like she actually is just kind of ditzy and
just like a hoe she was like a who a who-er to quote my mother um but for all the other
versions that came there was um it was actually escaped from singe's castle which was a non-linear
version of it um there was a puzzle one um that came out on the old eight-bit systems
there is um the nes one the superness one called dragon's lair which was a platformer
version also space ace had a platformer version um there was a game boy one called dragon's
lair the legend which really has nothing to do with it um it's actually a port of an old
zx spectrum game called roller coaster um the game boy color version is um actually
pretty much like the original um there was dragon's lair deluxe pack there was um an
apple version the sega cd version um so talking about the old mac one from 1994 and then the
emulator daphne um where you have to have the original laserdisc and the rom file to
be able to play that or they have other versions that use mpeg 2 video streams so yeah there
are a lot of versions out just looking over the list ever since 1983 we've had i'm just
going to run off the list of different systems it's been on okay okay we've had um the arcade
uh clico adam armchair uh cpc the spectrum commodore 64 um do atari st the amiga um pc
nes game boy mac plus um atari st uh more mac sega cd 3do um mega cd or sega cd uh cdi
atari jaguar windows 95 let's see game boy color ps2 um xbox um gamecube playstation
2 mobile phone um uh blu-ray player ps3 home hd dvd players iphone dsi for dsi where the
ds psp and the we as a disc so wow and also um it had um the character dirt was battling
midlife crisis in an episode of robot chicken nice and part of the game was parodied in
family guy it was there really wasn't a lot like it i mean yeah there were those other
games you mentioned but i can't think of a lot of games that were really like this ever
if you ever thought that the concept of the quick time event was new no no dragon's lair
did it way before so it was even quicker well if dark soccer we're at the end of the game
if dark soccer is done with her piece i want to do a quick aside if i could um because
i played growing up an awful lot the commodore 64 versions of the game which were different
they were let me see if we can get some of the music here this is kind of like the you
know it was much different it took scenes inspired by the arcade game and kind of made
them like actiony things like here's that scene where the disc is kind of falling down
well instead of you know obviously they couldn't port the movie type stuff at the time so instead
they put in these little clouds and you'd have to run away as they're breathing air
this game was just as hard if not harder than the um uh arcade game that was out the snest
one terribly hard the snest one was actually kind of difficult i hated the snest version
of space ace by the way some of the music in um dragon's lair and then the sequel they
also had dragon's lair 2 escape from cinja's castle had awesome music listen to this oh
a little theme song got cut off hey it's the um the whole rapids area yeah the whole rapids
area but i love the music and the boulders area is awesome let me see if i can get to
that part here we go this is pretty cool just i mean the soundtrack to this game was awesome
and and you know it wasn't quite the arcade game but it was levels kind of inspired by
the arcade game every bit as hard i mean if i were to play this today i would i would
not be able to get very far but yeah see you have to run past the things but you're slowly
moving back the whole time and that's just you know one of the other stages and then
later on you get into you know like here's that one room this is where the thing takes
your hat and your sword and this is a little more like the arcade version where you have
to hit up at certain times but the soundtrack was just awesome if you're into that whole
old school sounding stuff so that's my little aside to the classic game of the week is that
the commodore 64 one is definitely worth your attention i just figured it was about time
we did dragon's lair it really was i'm surprised it's been i mean we've been doing the classic
game of the week for a long time right i have had a feeling that i had already done it and
then i actually went back and checked the list thank you whoever updates you know the
wiki update the rest of it um give true your money and but i it was about time it's about
time all right well i think we're gonna wrap up part a of our show here but guys there
is plenty more show to come we have some rapid fire news coming up the next uh segment we'll
talk oh excuse me about red dead redemption uh split second getting port ported um guitar
hero rock band updates and then anime coming to your 360 dead rising 2 news twitter topics
so get your twitter topics in and the mailbag it is all coming up right after this when
we come back with more of orange lounge radio
and welcome back everybody to more of orange lounge radio on this lovely sunday evening
july the 11th of 2010 where we are taping the 373rd episode of our show that's right
we've been doing this quite some time uh anyhow uh we're gonna give it into some quick quick
news here in a moment but first i wanted to just quickly mention because i didn't impart
a but it's very important the big battle is still going on that's right it's us versus
other all-game shows or i should say our listeners versus other all-games listeners i guess the
soldner x competition wrapped up um and sadly we didn't i thought we had at least one person
was going to participate but for whatever reason confusion i don't know i don't follow
uh the scores didn't happen but there are still some pinball i mean that's fine i understand
a lot of you didn't have soldner x we have some pinball contests coming up now i know
for my friends list a lot of you guys play pinball so if you are an olr listener who
plays pinball you gotta go to the big battle dot net sign up and then make sure and this
is important make sure you click on the game you want to sign up the competition for like
such as zen pinball earth defense force or pinball fx buccaneer go in there and then
click sign up or register for this competition and that way your name will be in there and
they'll come looking for you so hopefully uh we'll be able to get some scores some points
on the board there because i see i see monty boggs has participated in uh pinball fx so
uh hopefully we'll get some more representation there the big battle you have until friday
the 16th july 16th is last day or is that saturday i'm gonna do my math friday it's
friday so you have till friday to get the scores in so make sure you uh yeah make sure
you get in on the big battle all right uh anyhow let's get into some quick news and
uh the quick stuff that's been going on in the world uh of gaming loki yes um there's
some download content announced for red dead redemption kind of uh working its way through
i believe it's supposed to be through the end of september but um they don't really
have firm dates on some of the last ones and you know given the uh track record of rockstar
i'm not gonna try to speculate when they're gonna release some of these but anyways one
we do know for sure is legends and killers um which is coming august 2010 for ten dollars
and it will feature nine new multiplayer map locations eight new multiplayer characters
including some from red dead revolver new projectile weapon uh the tomahawk and corresponding
multiplayer and single player challenges and new achievements and trophies the next one
is coming at a date yet to be determined and it's called liars and cheats and it'll also
be for ten dollars um with that it's going to include a attack and defend multiplayer
competitive mode and challenges new multiplayer horse races with mounted combat which sounds
cool uh play as the heroes and the villains of red dead redemption as well as eight new
multiplayer characters multiplayer versions of liars dice and poker from the single player
game and the new weapon explosive rifle with corresponding multiplayer and single player
challenges new achievements and trophies um let's see the third expansion would be free
roam which includes additional free roam challenges new action areas and defensive placements
posse scoring and leaderboards and new anti-griefing measures in free mode um so that's coming
later on and then what game would not be awesome without zombies undead nightmare coming out
new single player adventure challenges and quests eight new multiplayer zombie characters
additional animals to hunt i can only hope there is zombie animals and a new dynamic
events and more hopefully more shotguns because every zombie hunter knows a good shotgun goes
far um other fun stuff we may have talked about this a little bit i think i've mentioned
it before uh the mega man 8-bit deathmatch which was a mod for doom 2 has now been released
in demo form and is available to the public this new mod of course kind of reskins um
doom with the wonderful 8-bit sprites and includes a different mega man power-ups as
well uh you can find this um at uh http uh let's see cut and stuff dot net slash blog
slash uh question mark p equals two two one eight i'm sure it's probably one i'm sure
everybody's writing that down real quick yeah it's uh the cutting stuff blog and uh they've
got a bunch of stuff and if you've been missing mega man legends this is as close as you're
ever gonna get yes so uh check it out looks pretty cool and then last but not least we
were talking about some psp games before the break and one of the psp games that's coming
out uh will actually be a port of split second and that'll be pretty awesome it's a cool
racing game where you get to detonate a bunch of explosions and causal sorts of mayhem and
that'll be coming out this fall all right yet another port on its way to psp enjoy that
hey i got some quick stuff for you too dragon age 2 finally some details on that it was
missing from e3 but it's dated for march 2011 that's kind of conflicting to the february
1st 2011 date that was in the dragon age origins awakening but hey at least it's kind of close
march 2011 is when this is coming out big big change from the first game um you're gonna
be playing as one character named hawk and that could be either a male or a female but
no more of this like origin story and and all this other stuff that the first dragon
age had and you you're basically going to be this one character be it like uh mass effect
where you're commander shepherd yes my favorite store in the citadel there you go so it's
kind of the same type of thing um and i guess they're trying to do that to you know make
more cinematic type of stuff where they can kind of involve hawk and the cinematics is
supposed to actually address you by name exactly so uh that is um that's their big plans for
the game i i think that could be good um but i like the some some folks are suggesting
uh you know you could name your character like hudson hawk or ethan hawk or you know
all these other hudson hawk is good just not mike anyhow uh yeah so i i don't know
i like the first game i'm curious kind of how the second game is going to play out it's
that definitely is a radical shift though i think uh the first being a little more open
in the first game really kind of drew a lot of people to that but i still think it'll
be cool another game i think will be cool that i want to play is nba jam and i'm actually
excited because according to the germans rating the german ratings board nba jam has been
classified for xbox 360 and ps3 now it's kind of weird because those weren't shown at e3
they haven't demoed it on those systems but you know these rating board stories usually
turn out to be right they kind of have to have a game to rate it well here's my thought
is that what if it's the old nba jam or something like that like coming to xbox live arcade
possible i doubt it but i mean yeah i could run into licensing issues and all that stuff
but maybe it's a port of the old arcade although then again i guess midway would have that
and you know now there's no midway maybe it's a little harder than that i don't know but
uh do you remember we were talking on this show before about the nba jam catchphrase
competition and folks can submit their own catchphrases well it's boom shaka laka well
that's already in the game but you have to come up with the next boom shaka laka and
uh these are the i guess the four that made it into the game i think um objections sustained
when you get a block shot no shoot for you i love it uh and the survey says denied on
a block and then uh i have no idea where this one comes from banga langadooda for a dunk
say what banga langadooda probably from the same place that boom shaka laka came from
i don't know it's kind of like the sequel the reject i'd like to hear a little less
a song made out of boom shaka laka and banga langadooda sounds like the singers in an 80s
hair band i don't know all right uh moving on sounds like shana a little more information
is coming out about the michael jackson based video game it's going to be called michael
jackson the experience and you will actually be able to play as michael jackson and you
get to relive his iconic performances and that would be using the move the connect or
the we and you're basically going to dance along with the prompts on the screen you can
also sing along on the xbox 360 or playstation 3 you can use the connects built-in mic to
do this there's also going to be ds and psp versions of this game it's going to be tapping
think elite beat agents that's kind of cool it's coming out in november if you want to
check this game out and boy would i pay a lot of money for youtubes of loki playing
this game we've already had a good michael jackson based game it was called moonwalker
i thought you said a good game oh it was a good game oh it depends what system you played
it on depends what system you played on all right i don't know i i would my favorite michael
jackson video game was space channel 5 i don't know about you that was a cameo that doesn't
count still i'd rather play space channel 5 than just mimic him you know what i mean
like i don't know there's just i would i hope there's more to it than that but we'll see
dark sakura well we have some definite news in our music games we have for a rock band
we've got um stuff by sweet sorry i get that sweet billy pilgrim we have get out he's a
rocker orange amber i'm sorry that's uh the vines pack my apologies my apologies um for
the vines pack we have get out he's a rocker orange amber out of the way and ride and then
sweet billy pilgrim uh future perfect tense and of course these are um basically buck
90 90 piece
whoo buck 99 and um for dj hero we actually have some good news that the sales are up
to 1.2 million units that's pretty good even though i've seen them clearance at fries well
so much for all y'all who said it was a flop you know what it took price reduction but
um it was actually considered considered the best-selling ip of 2009 by revenue yeah keyword
is by revenue because they're like 100 and some dollars each yeah but wait to spin those
really start selling till it had a big price drop and then it started selling yeah at least
they've figured it out for the next release so they're not going to be charging quite
as much it's going to be a little bit more like guitar hero prices still expensive well
speaking of guitar hero we actually do have download music for guitar hero 5 and band
hero we have the queen 2 track pack which is crazy little thing called love killer queen
and somebody to love um that's on july well it's already out then july 6 july 13th avenged
seven fold afterlife almost easy and scream july 20th disturbed tri pack down with a sickness
trick and indestructible whatever that's my impression of disturbed except for the really
good cover i thought it was it's just what it is except they did a really good cover
of land of confusion a really good song um and then shine down on july 27th with devour
second chance sound of madness all i heard was queen and everything after that was blah
blah blah i know it's queen all right if that's it for the rapid fire news then i think it
might be time for us to get into some twitter topics every week we ask for your tweets at
twitter.com slash o l r and we read some of our favorite tweets here on the program we
didn't we hardly got any tonight maybe i wasn't soliciting early enough in advance oh well
uh you can always count on tiger claws submit a few good stories so tiger claw 305 on twitter
sends us a few stories here um i like this one this has to do with google and i had no
idea about this until tiger claw uh kind of linked this and this has to do with a big
investment that google uh made in zinga apparently according to this report and i'm reading from
gamasutra here google quietly invested between 100 million and 200 million in zinga as part
of its preparation to launch google games later this year because you know google's
got to get all up on everything whatever happened to google's philosophy of don't be evil google
zinga no that's true zinga's kind of evil but i i would be curious how it would operate
into google's philosophy i don't know but here's uh google itself apparently closed
the investment and it happened about a month ago and that was on a report from tech crunch
um part of the partnership will entail zinga's games serving as the cornerstone for search
giant google games platform which is rumored to launch later this year they haven't said
any information about it uh what's interesting though that doesn't necessarily mean you're
just going to have farmville frontierville and fishville and what the fuckville all on
google games i love what the fuckville stripperville who wouldn't play stripperville hornville needs
bounce houses maybe there will be new games that come on to google games who knows if
if there's anyone that they would want to invest in you know better options i would
say i don't know congregate much better place and you know well i'm just saying much better
developers too how many freaking people are playing farmville a lot a lot more than we're
playing wow right i know hate if you want but this is it's just like it's just like
hating on the we you can hate it all you want at the end of the day it's still the most
popular selling system you can't that is a fact you facebook isn't even a gaming system
but more people play games there than they do on consoles probably i don't have those
numbers to back it up but i'm pretty sure uh when you add up all those uh soccer moms
playing farmville yeah it's probably more than her fragging on the halo 3 sorry to say
it that's just how it is i i work with a lot of people that play these games a lot of co-workers
but you know they don't really know the video games i play it's just i don't know crazy
i'd be i'd be very curious to see how this all plays out though with google games because
of the fact that you know google has this philosophy of don't be evil but then again
buzz was kind of evil like there was some they made some horrible missteps with buzz
i wish internet companies would just learn their freaking lesson with privacy don't you
one more from tiger claw for us as i uh want to mention this steve weeby you remember him
the king of kong did he finally get it well no but he got something else that's pretty
cool um he's going to be inducted into the international video game hall of fame cool
and uh don't forget it's that doctor or dentist guy hank chien has it now it's not even billy
mitchell remember a few few months ago that doctor or dentist or whatever he's in he's
the king of kong now well anyhow steve weeby though um he's you know still uh he's still
obviously acknowledged as a great gamer um he's going to be joining 28 other people including
miyamoto and pac-man that's going to be uh i guess built in get this otuma otumwa iowa
ottumwa iowa i can't even pronounce this name but you may have heard of this uh city before
this is where they're trying to build the international video game hall of fame they
want to make this place like the video game capital or whatever i don't and i don't remember
all the stories behind it but it wasn't there was like a really famous photo shoot back
in the 80s that took place there i remember hearing about and i don't know just it's just
because no one's claimed it yet so this town that has nobody there's no reason to go there
there's a story behind it i'm sure there is and i don't care what it is but i i refuse
to believe that you're going to be the capital of shatter a chatter will fill me in well
the part i remember was that you can't even reach it unless it's like a three-hour drive
from a nearby airport i mean that's something else it's iowa yeah someday i will make claim
to that same thing and do it better monty boggs says that's inside the international
house of pancakes actually is the international house of gaming frisbee asks isn't that the
home of twin galaxies uh could be that might be the connection i'm not sure i always thought
the guy from twin galaxies had an office i don't know why pennsylvania jumps out of my
mind but it does or somewhere in silicon silicon valley at least i don't know anyhow sponge
twang uh since it's a tweet uh clarifying some stuff about the big battle um apparently
the battlefield bad company 2 competition was rescheduled also he has noticed a super
street fighter 4 banner has leaked its way into the rotation so i don't know if derek
just hasn't announced anything yet but it looks like your super street fighter 4 might
be uh be able to battle on that now i know you kids play that game so you got to get
it on that if i was super enough for that i'd join in but i don't have super street
fighter 4 it doesn't you know oh okay i was gonna say i'm terrible at super street fighter
4 but if that's one of the games i'll play it just just to do it you know it's not about
winning it's about having fun i put dan the man up on top of the charts s21 under matt
says that he thinks it's the hometown of walter day won't why does that make it the capital
of video oh whatever that's a whole other rant uh dark tetsuya last tweet says uh since
i didn't hear anything in part a thoughts on ddr x2 ac oh yeah i haven't played it yet
but i don't think it's out there yet i think it's still being tested apparently a bunch
of old school dance mania tracks came back like captain jack is back in the game if you
were here by jennifer is back in the game like all these old ass ddr songs are now back
in ddr and apparently led remixed some of the dance mania songs wait what that's sweet
there's like an if you were here remixed by led that's kind of neat but i hate to say
it i'm kind of over ddr like i'm more interested in dance masters at this point and and dance
central i know i know get me away i think i might catch that ddr just hasn't been interesting
for a little while sorry it's kind of how i feel i played the um um i can't even think
of the name of the damn game the korean push the pump it up no push the screen game dj
max technica that's it i played that and that's more interesting to me right now than ddr
sorry all right that's it for twitter topics if you want to send us some tweets in the
future twitter.com slash olr meanwhile back to the news loki yes soon you'll be able to
get some anime on your xbox apparently microsoft is teaming up with the video streaming portal
crunchyroll and apparently the expansion is going to be a partnership with microsoft for
the zune marketplace and this will bring a popular anime title such as the melancholy
of um haruhi uh suzamiya and the and uh giant killing to the xbox 360 zune hd and windows
pcs and um that's kind of neat i guess giant killing is notable because it's airing in
japan right now and this will be the uh first time these title have been available for digital
download purchase interesting because um uh doesn't the ps3 have a huge anime library
with it i think they they do have some anime um on there i could have sworn they tried
testing it out with uh queen's blade and then didn't realize it was such an adult themed
anime i saw that story too that's funny was did this news come out of anime expo because
i know that was a huge thing that just happened this last week and and maybe that's where
some of this is coming from but i don't know i i i don't watch a lot of anime so i i feel
so apathetic about this uh is there anything uh you guys in chat are you guys excited about
this i'm looking here chat dot orange launch radio dot com um rama says i don't support
bootleg streaming sites um let's see i think they're talking about some other stuff the
iphone apps and all that stuff uh rama kun says all the anime from adv films is on netflix
via streaming that's another way you can get your uh anime well unless you're talking about
crunchyroll i i don't go there i wouldn't really know all right uh by the way i want
to not to go too far back into the past but um i always say this wrong and drew nami will
correct me camara in chat camara camara in chat uh is post this little uh cut and paste
about o'tumwa iowa as the home of twin galaxies so you guys were right o'tumwa was officially
proclaimed the video game capital of the world by a mayoral decree issued on november 30th
1982 by o'tumwa mayor jerry parker as a result of this most unusual distinction the city
was officially recognized and congratulated by u.s senator charles grassley in connection
with this proclamation the city hosted the first north american american video game olympics
in the fall of 1982 that'd be like me standing on my house and saying that this is the laminate
flooring capital of the world well you know dancing together and going sweet you know
what like this is just a bunch of old fat guys sticking the flag in the ground saying
i claim this in the name of spain you know what this do you have a flag i would like
to check the calendar is it 1982 still no it is not 1982 it is now the year 2010 you
know what this old fat guy i'm going to make a proclamation right now i hereby rescind
that title from however the fuck you pronounce it o'tumwa iowa i hereby rescind your title
i declare and the vuvuzelas agree with me in the grandstands no no i'm i make a counter
declaration yes what i declare this room to be the gaming podcast capital of the world
uh i i second that i hereby declare orange lounge radio the official video game podcast
of the galaxy see there it is it works because we're all analysts lounge radio is the official
video game podcast of the galaxy there it is i agree because i've written it in decree
did somebody have something i can sign someone put it a decree no we have it right on that
paper decree we have it seconded we have it witnessed now put it up on the wiki and then
you're gonna put it yeah and then you're gonna put it on the um uh pictures thing on orange
launch so everybody knows orange lounge radio is the official video game podcast of the
galaxy because if some schmo can do this for his hometown in bumfuck iowa it's the video
game capital of the world then this schmo is gonna make his own decrees iowa is not
the capital of anything other than boredom and whatever agriculture they have there and
porn dan's yelling porn from the living room i think that's la all right i'm writing this
shit i know you are that's why i'm holding up the show here live radio folks let's see
i'm this is awesome radio right i know this is awesome radio let's see dark soccer is
writing decree orange lounge radio is the official podcast she didn't even bother to
put video game podcast she just put podcast is the official podcast of the okay she wrote
it in she can do that that's fine okay hold on i'm signing it right now legit if not more
legit than their declaration i know a notary oh shit i would get this notarized drunami
you're can you be a notary no i mean i know a real notary you do can we get this notarized
probably okay oh shit we need press releases can someone whip up a press release it'll
be on kotaku in the style of otaku this is gonna be our official copy but you know i'm
gonna have to do a nice designed one with little stars and pink hearts and a unicorn
jumping across it yeah and if you press a button it plays always and then put like at
the bottom ps we also rescind the claim to ball i signed it with my left hand so you
know i'm serious there you go do i have to sign that yes yes and you have to sign it
as loki it's official decree jamie s there you go because they can't get my whole name
ssj 100 matt says notarize it and frame it in the studio and then and then um our witness
i have to do a witness thing and you should just sign with an x oh i see how it is i'm
chopped liver drunami is our official witness all right there it is all right there it's
official written in silver sharpie that's right official video game podcast of the galaxy
on torn out notebook paper sorry i'm i'm i apologize to the other hard-working video
game podcasters out there i know you guys do great work but you just didn't think of
it first just just in the style of o tuma whatever iowa i you just we just beat you
to it i'm sorry we should figure out whether capital or like you know we hell we could
like corner the market waffles or something you know the official the official home of
waffle lovers or the uh you know wait wait wait amigo seven seven seven in chat says
serious guy tits or get the fuck out so dark sakura if you wouldn't mind just just just
kiss the paper with your boobs just just kiss the paper with your boobs there you go thank
you oh hi dan how you doing oh shit dan just walked in hey how how's it going dan hey did
you hear you are i hear a tuma iowa used to have a hell of an arcade you are guesting
on the official video game podcast of the galaxy of the galaxy and apparently the laminate
floor capital of the world i didn't stand on the house and declare it yet our laminate
floor is awesome awesomely dirty all right because someone dripped margarita makes in
the living room get to moppin now the chat dude with your hair the chat room bite my
butt the chat room is expressing major concern about bobby and that we have taken the galaxy
away from bobby look okay look fucking rocks galaxy over bobby can have we will give bobby
pluto okay bobby can have pluto everybody loves pluto is it a planet is it not we don't
know we don't care it's yours bobby have fun with it he could have you know what is it
the official video game radio show rob what he can be um okay if we are the podcast of
it he can have the uh the voice of the galaxy all right monty bogg says congratulations
to orange for jumping the shark with such finesse i know we just we did it with style
hey this is gonna stay at my desk so i can look at it every day and go what the fuck
were we thinking all right back to video game news i just had the what the hell are we doing
moment tiger oh and i didn't even bother to cut it at the perforation i just pulled it
right out of it that's ghetto tiger claw says sky for a second i thought you would say bobby
would have uranus no i can i can think of other podcasts i can have that all right anyhow
let's move on uh i want to talk about back to gaming news i know hard to believe let's
talk about this this has to do with connectimals you know you guys connectimals they're cute
you know cuddly and uh you're gonna soon find out more about them at burger king that's
right not only is microsoft and it's kind of a side story apparently microsoft is teaming
up with macy's to show connect certain places they're also going to be teaming up with burger
king uh so you're going to actually get little stuffed animals that can be scanned by the
connects camera to create the same animal in the game and then you can have them interact
with your regular pet connectimal and there you go so so instead of the bk games we were
hearing about now you're going to get little mini connectimals or whatever the problem
is it's just going to be a little card that will easily be scanned and posted on the internet
so you don't even have to buy these if they were smart since the connect can you scan
in objects they should actually do the stuffed animal like you'd have to actually have a
picture of the stuffed animal well i mean how long is it going to be though before there's
just an internet page with all the barcodes so after you stuff your face with a triple
whopper you can go and move around a little bit on connect that's what i love about this
i mean at least it's connectimals and not dance central but that would crack me up if
like dance central had a tie-in with burger king this was like the old barcode scanner
games that were out in japan remember it was like one particular brand of ramen was like
would make these this ultimate monster and everyone was buying out this one brand of
ramen e reader for life they did the same thing with vivo pinata and um in fact people
started hacking the actual codes and unlocked more animals that didn't they didn't give
away um you know stuff that wasn't in the game so or at least it was in the game but
never released for the game interesting though microsoft is very aggressive with the marketing
for this thing they really really want it to take off i mean burger king macy's and
you know in their own stores whereas you know what's where's playstation move advertising
granted it's a little early so maybe a little closer to release we'll see a more accelerated
campaign maybe commercials on tv and all that other fun stuff but so far microsoft is definitely
getting aggressive with this but they kind of have to be i mean if connect fails that's
going to be a real sad little footnote in microsoft's history we'll see though meanwhile
dark sakura i i i i am just still laughing because i put the picture oh did you use the
picture i put it in the chat room nice appreciate that oh our plushies all right so now you
know it's official you're listening to the official video game podcast of the galaxy
well rock band three has decided to do something nice for all those people who can't hold a
tune to save their fucking life um it um has uh harmonics and uh isotope um have uh done
a real-time pitch correction basically they have autotune um it's gonna put everybody
into the right key when it plays through so that they don't sound like crap now what i
want to do i have this one friend who actually have a couple friends who are intensely tone
deaf enough that it makes my um my liver quiver um that rhymed i know but um i would like
to see if actually can make these people who are so unbelievably tone deaf hold a key is
i don't know if anyone knows this little fact about me i hear perfect pitch and it drives
me completely nuts because it's even worse when i sing and hear myself got a tune i listening
to somebody else go just cannot being able to hold a tune makes me nauseous literally
nauseous um how do you feel about this then where everybody's gonna be fixed on the on
the fly i love you harmonics and isotope but you know you know it's not gonna fix the fact
that you can still hear them in the same yeah they're still gonna make things sound horrible
anyway it's not a really an autotune it's more of a because they actually do have autotuners
that aren't the the digital sounding autotune they'll do wave modulation plus i think if
you want to get really into the science of it and all autotunes like a post-production
thing and this is a in production basically they're available in almost any recording
studio i mean how come do you think some people just sound like crap live it's a bummer though
you're not going to be able to hear the voices over the internet i mean at the same time
maybe that's a blessing but i think there's some people that wouldn't mind you know being
able to sing i understand that with the lag and the time and everything it's probably
not possible although what would be wrong with maybe having the singer start five seconds
before the rest of the band just well i guess i guess maybe with the scoring system wouldn't
really work out i really have the voice play on a replay hmm maybe i really though um i
think it would be nice if this is an option that you could turn off but certainly you
know i think that the option to turn it on should be on the other player's side if you're
doing this on the internet for people like me who can't stand to listen to people be
out of tune i don't think they actually do a person's voice over the internet for like
rock band because it can't they don't have the bandwidth to stream that which is the
problem um so you never hear voices you do hear guitar and stuff but you never hear voice
well because the guitar is just bits and bytes on or off pass or fail basically but uh voice
is it's too much bandwidth for it to handle although you could always just do party chat
and do it that way but you know true you know one little bit it'll be delayed it's it's
because i've played rock band with a singer who didn't put their mic their regular mic
on mute and it was delayed and it actually can really throw you off when you're trying
to play guitar or something else um one thing i had predicted for rock band three that didn't
end up happening or at least not yet anyway was that they were going to go more the sing
star route of being able to share your performances and being able to you know have that community
of uh your youtube-esque uh sharing of performances who knows maybe that's still in the cards
for the future although i kind of doubt it at this point um this would have kind of added
to that though in a way a little more professional touch to it i'll tell you one thing i actually
did like about um rock band is at least playing it on easier difficulties it gives a person
who is actually a singer more room to have fun with the song like for example you've
heard becky sing i'm not sure maybe like once so like a rock band thing but she's got a
crazy powerful voice she's a little more classically trained right i can't remember she does she
does tend to edge more towards the classically trim but she can belt them out she can she
can really sing she's got a great voice and i i like having things at the lower level
you know when she's playing because then it won't make her fail the song for having fun
with it i can see donna just ask the listeners of understation live no i can't believe that
you and tiara got me singing abba rock band oh that was fun and that i actually did listening
i don't think so tiara tiara tiara come back to sacramento because we need to make jamie
play abba it was not abba rock band by the way sing star abba that's what i was talking
about sing star abba i just can't believe that i actually did good at it it's fun yeah
i need to get uh sing star queen now that it's uh discounted i would play that but you're
right expert doesn't give a lot of leeway for stuff like i don't know vibrato no but
you know um remember when karaoke revolution was coming out and how it was pretty forgiving
here the japanese versions because i've had friends who had the japanese versions they
are evil that you have to pronounce everything perfectly you have to be dead pitch on you
can't just mumble your way through it and as long as you hit the key you're fine you
actually have to fully pronounce everything right because japanese itself can be pretty
precise i played that terrible karaoke revolution glee game that was at e3 it was very forgiving
granted i was playing it on the easiest level but you you could just uh your way through
it and probably pass it see this one thing that i was thinking about in with the different
games you know from area to area where you have because i'd have to say japanese is a
very precise language really english especially american english i'm sorry is just well english
all over the place is just has so many variables that i really think that they they even the
harder difficulties of them should have more of a allowance i am really curious to see
how this new vocal system plays out though i'm really interested too because i know i'm
probably gonna get it yeah i know i gotta get rock band rock band's awesome uh all right
couple more stories for you guys than the mailbag and the fus of the week and then the
skype line your call is a 1877 game olr and a little bit here at orange lounge radio but
first some news from loki uh yes dead rising 2 they've announced a special edition for
europe uh called the outbreak pack and uh with it you're gonna be getting uh some pretty
cool tchotchkes actually it looks like a zombie figurine a surf bot head which i'm only assuming
goes on the zombie and a cone which also can go on the head of the zombie i'm assuming
and um looks like uh let's see a voucher for a premium theme and some other console specific
items as well i do love the little surf bot head for the zombie that's that's pretty awesome
it is pretty awesome um of course they announced that this is not coming out over here of course
not at all thankfully though we do have something coming out over here and this hasn't really
been announced yet but i do know what's actually in the special edition it's not that exciting
actually it's kind of standard special edition fair a lot of zombrex um theme stuff you know
zombrex being the actual i don't know if it's the virus or the you know anti-zombie medication
or something but a lot of stuff kind of based on that you get a prescription pad which i'm
assuming is just a notepad uh you get an investor's brochure uh which is kind of funny uh you
get a poster um also you get a avatar item for the xbox 360 version and a premium dynamic
theme for the playstation 3 version uh behind the scenes documentary of the making of dead
rising 2 and then of course the whole thing comes in a steelbook case that slips on um
the actual game so i'll be coming out the end of september now for 79.99 oh that's a
lot of money for a game i guess you get all that other cool stuff with it but still i
didn't you know i liked dead rising 1 but i really didn't play enough of it that's one
of those games i really need to go back and revisit because pretty cool and dead rising
2 is kind of more the same but not in a bad way like crackdown 2 people are making selling
more of the same it's kind of a bad thing but i had a lot of fun with it i'm surprised
they didn't put dead rising like theme duct tape or something like that in there because
you know the main part of the game is actually yeah yeah yeah i think i saw what i see a
baseball bat get duct taped with nails on the demo i played pretty cool okay uh i want
to talk about this that uh was floating around some of the blogs this week and it made designer
ben marsh a little bit famous this week because these aren't real okay guys but he put out
some designs there for video game condoms that's right it's video game packaging themed
condoms with such lovely names as donkey schlong and dong like pong but dong uh sextress um
the long dick of zelda i think that says i can't really see what this says super mario
land of love all these lovely little uh video game themed and i love this there's like little
variety packs there they have but kind of a serious theme here to this because uh he
says here the packaging aims to create a desire to purchase the product for aesthetic reasons
rather than the necessity of condoms simply by owning the product safer sex is promoted
interesting i did does anyone have a feeling on this do you think this would promote safe
sex because people buy it for the joke of it but then like you know if the time comes
where it's time to go iraq and hey you're prepared um it would never fly in the first
place because the game companies would never let this be you know put out but assuming
that he was able to create a generic enough concept um i suppose people might buy that
um but at the same time you know you don't see a lot of gaming related stuff to sex selling
i mean you don't see a lot of people buying you know the fake vaginas for those um you
know sex games that they have in japan you'll see people's stories hey look at that that's
from a game you know people look at you funny um as people would look at you funny if you
had a box for you know donkey schlong on your your bone zone too bone zone too yeah um it'd
be fun gag gifts for people but it would never make it past the stigma that gamers don't
get laid yeah that whole gag gift thing i could see myself getting like eight boxes
of these for my birthday and it would be like it was funny the first time seven of them
would be from loki no you know what i mean though sometimes with gag gifts if there's
like a certain one that speaks to you like i'll tell you this one time for christmas
i kid you not i got the survivor board game three times sure did the hell got the survivor
board game three times one christmas the the first year survivor was big and everyone knew
i watched it every week so all right how about we get to another segment here on the show
called the mailbag yay every week you guys send us your emails mailbag at orange lounge
radio dot com and dark soccer dives in head first and picks a few of her favorites and
reads them for you here on the show she's back to doing the mailbag this week hooray
next week i get to do it drug yay so definitely send her lots of emails for next week mailbag
at orange lounge radio dot com by the way i want to say real quick akuma jp says he's
actually seen these in akihabara akihabara i'm sorry to say they're wrong okay that'd
be that big tech store in japan there's a whole it's it's a section of it's a district
oh okay yeah nice anyway hey olr crew azhp here i'm sure rob has got this on show roll
but i had to throw my two cents in for what it's worth blizzard is going to use real id
for their forums now yeah we already bypassed that but here's i'm going to continue here's
a quote from blizzard removing the veil of anonymity typical to online dialogue will
contribute to a more positive form environment promote constructive conversations and connect
the blizzard community in ways they haven't been connected before really do they think
that flamers will stop just because their name is being shown belligerent people will
still be belligerent only now they'll know just who they are arguing with and can go
to their house and stab them if they don't agree anyway i thought the point of wow was
that you could get away from your real life not have it follow you around and haunt your
every move and wow what if i don't want my co-workers knowing that i post on the wow
forums while i'm supposed to be on the clock not that i do i don't even play wow excuse
me this is just ridiculous and i have a feeling that this move is going to be one of the worst
blizzard has ever made just wondering what you guys think about this travesty i hope
i'll hope it all goes away soon yours truly is hp written and sent while i'm supposed
to be on the clock ps this will make dark sakura laugh or cry i'm not sure which basically
the biggest travesty in superhero mashups ever make sure she sees this on the show okay
all right oh it's clearly is it a video oh no it's a what it's a toy box i'm trying
to describe this on the radio bootleg superheroes superheroes justice league with spider-man
batman naruto naruto and iron man iron man all together malfunction malfunction does
not compute what the fuck by the way i have to commend you on your mostly perfect grammar
and spelling actually your spelling was pretty pretty good i think everybody missed a couple
of punctuation points i think everybody can agree that naruto is the greatest superhero
ever known can i find something you throw it loki where's the triple throw the triple
i prefer goddamn batman on twitter actually i don't know if you've ever seen goddamn batman's
and then there's gosh dang robin or something like that he's a goddamn batman there's goddamn
batman and gosh dang robin we can't forget the juggernaut bitch all righty how obviously
we already kind of ran it about real id early in the show but thankfully uh azhp the that
part i think you were really concerned about did go away but it hasn't all gone away let's
not forget i'm still gleefully looking at the decree and shiny silver how's it feel
to be on the official video game podcast of the galaxy hell yeah anyway next up um it's
labeled choose your world words carefully in this article on ign uk um sony shuhei yoshida
sorry yoshida claims this year is the first time we are able to cover the cost of the
playstation 3 he told ign we aren't making huge money from hardware but we aren't bleeding
like we used to i believe he is telling the truth but it says the ps3 is sold at profit
not that the ps3 program is profitable i expect this will take another eight to ten years
if at all it's just that now each console digs them a little bit out of the debt hole
i've also got more questions complaints about the ea game pass thing since i'm typically
not an online gamer shouldn't i get a refund of ten dollars on that new ea game i mean
if they allowed me to re to turn in the code for rebate it would make the entire thing
a lot more reasonable in theory if the code is still unused the game should be worth ten
dollars on more on resale but how do you prove it is still good and i bet the initial pack
in codes will be deleted after a year two there's really a lot more screwing of the
customer than is obvious hope you have a happy independence day rubba you know also if the
this can actually be considered part of president's way you probably could actually get away with
it my laptop for example if i had never booted windows on it and installed linux i could
have gotten a refund from dell for 200 bucks and my laptop was 350 oh wow yeah as long
as you never load windows on them and prove that you have never loaded windows on it that
you basically installed you know what launched right into linux or something then you get
your money back it's a bummer that the resellers don't have some type of application to see
if the code has been run or not but then again probably the whole point of this is to really
circumvent the resellers even though gamestop supposedly on board yeah but then someone
could you know malicious could get that code verifier and start typing in random codes
to see if there's one that hasn't been used or not used it'll you know give you invalid
or unused code and they're like oh hey look free so just so you guys know here in studio
apparently winapp has frozen and the stream has died yay so we gotta uh come right back
up here so we're gonna hope that um the rest of the computer doesn't shut down here but
we're gonna try and keep going here um don't read the next email just yet dark sakura somebody
needs to stretch for time tell someone to go get me some pie tell the podcast listeners
something special while we try to go back up something special my boobs are amazing
also my feet are dirty see look how dirty my feet are all right my feet are pretty dirty
we should be back up on all games now there we go i don't know why the stream just decided
well i'm a dirty girl i know you are you should have heard what dark soccer told us when we
were down no i'm just kidding uh i don't know why the stream just decided to drop well i
do know why because everyone winamp froze and i don't know why winamp froze that was
strange winamp fail llama fail yeah apparently it had brain freeze lord all right next email
now we're back yes you can go on to the next email now that we're back this is from troy
i don't know if it's the same person i work with so i'm not going to make an assumption
whoa your guys podcast is freaking awesome i'm a new listener i have listened to the
last two episodes so far and i can say that you guys are great podcasters couple things
i wanted to ask first of all i would like to know how you came up with the name orange
deluge radio for this video game podcast rewind short story yeah we get we get asked this
a lot don't we is it on the wiki please this story is on the wiki and i also posted on
geek life a lot of just you guys know a lot of and i'm i i am so welcoming of new listeners
and i understand it's we i don't know of a lot i can't think of almost in fact ironically
enough no i guess there's a couple there's not a lot of video game podcasts out there
that don't have game in the title like i guess there's of course bobby blackwolf doesn't
have game in the title dead pixel live i guess doesn't have game in it but it still you know
pixel is kind of game what other all-game shows are there under sedation live but they
don't they're they're not just gaming they're kind of sci-fi ninja sisterhood oh yeah that's
true there's them too electric sisterhood yeah because ninja sister's the host uh co-host
whatever their deal is so i guess there's a few but yeah orange orange lounge doesn't
really make most people think video games uh you want to tell a story or me uh quick
thing we were bimani podcast to start off we named it after a bimani band orange lounge
orange lounge radio the end while on the part although we the name orange launch stuck because
we wanted to kind of evoke that image of we're lounging around talking about games because
the whole idea brand yeah it's kind of like uh you know we used to go to this restaurant
called brooke fields it was right in the parking lot of the old people restaurant yeah oh god
i'm after a long night of gaming we just sit around and talk shit about games and that's
what we wanted our show to be and rick would always order his merlot i always remembered
that rick would always order his merlot and those cheese sticks were awesome they were
amazing amazing okay so there you go that's where i'll show you came from bimani traces
back to the ddr games second do you guys have any games to recommend for xbox ps3 singularity
recently came out and it looked cool any thoughts on that game thanks love your podcast troy
not played singularity myself um what i've heard around the grapevine is that it's not
so great but i haven't played it myself so i can tell you got good reviews um we got
mixed reviews i guess uh i know was it a game informer gave it an 8.5 out of 10 if that
makes any difference to you just check them you know metacritic if you want to you know
get a good you know i guess benchmark where the game is uh yeah like red dead redemption
will be good crackdown too if that's your sort of thing uh there's a lot of sports games
i think blur was underrated i think it's really good it really helps just a future reference
to our players let us know what type of games you're into yeah before you ask us what to
suggest because we are i know me in particular i am probably the most niche person in this
room i mean i like playing games where you take pictures of of magical girls i'm just
thinking about my card capture soccer game you know i'm playing you know i've i've been
playing some world of goo i like my like my titles weird like i loved um oh shit now what's
that name of that game with that yellow blob why can't i remember the name of that game
rob i don't know why because i have the the the loco loco thank you i love loco rocco
i like all kinds of weirdness in my games i am the niche girl yeah we have to know what
kind of games you like to really be you should have heard her when katamari damashi came
out i was ready to pee it was the most awesome thing i could barely contain myself well i
don't own either system but i'm a fan of the series so i i would actually recommend tales
of asparia if you can find it rumor has it they only did one printing here's my suggestion
for our listener if you really are new to these consoles like i don't know if you're
new to these or you've had these for a while go back to the bargain bin and try to find
some games you missed because i bet there's a lot of shit out there that you've missed
like i'll give you case in point team fortress 2 for myself somehow missed that game just
after you know how long has it been out about three years two years two two two and a half
years yeah just totally missed that game somehow but i'm just now getting into it so you can
get the game on ebay by the way for 30 bucks all right just to let drew know but thank
you for the email we love having new losers spread the word okay next and final email
this comes from the money hey olr i was just wondering do you guys play any board games
i never did until we bought catan i guess that settlers of catan it's so fun and has
all these expansion packs to make it never get old and that's all i can think about except
how awesome gliding and crackdown to please spell properly oh and give a shout out to
my friend agent wiggles because he is gonna listen to the podcast agent wiggles tell your
friend grammar grammar grammar grammar spelling spelling spelling i just i think that guy
types on the psp but still you gotta hey i type on an iphone i know i know i like the
name agent wiggles agent wiggles that's amazing um i have been known to like a board gamer
too i was always a big fan of life i really like this question by the way this is a really
good question out of the the many random questions we get i think this is a neat question so
board games that you like um i kind of like the classics too i prefer a lot of card games
actually my favorite card game is uh millborn i don't know if you've ever played this it
looks like miles borns but i think it's french millborn um it's uh like a racing game with
cards and you can like give people flat tires and and all that that's my favorite like card
game i was always good at run me in spades those are always my games as far as board
game goes i was always a fan of clue growing up and clue master detective especially and
then of course i love the movie and and all that stuff so i like the classics i could
never get into like axis and allies and the really complex board game shit too many pieces
i did play risk as a small child i played risk and that thing is probably why i don't
like strategy games now because of all the risk i played as a kid and i love taboo i
mean it's not really so much of a board game i love trivial pursuits the genesis edition
ones the harder they are the better i like them it's hard because there's really that's
what she said there's there's two categories of board games there's like your hasbro target
walmart board games and then there's your like fucking millions of pieces hardcore we
don't fuck around board games like imported from foreign countries and all that like and
it's kind they're two totally different worlds and so it's hard to know which type of those
games you're into i hate monopoly i think monopolies really overrated too because if
you're gonna play monopoly don't make any fucking plans if you're gonna play an entire
game of monopoly and be prepared to hate everybody else i keep wondering where apples to apples
fits in it's more of a card i put it in the taboo lolsy area it works for me i like apples
to apples though i like and actually we played one game that was called was it cranium yeah
cranium is fun cranium was awesome i remember that and i miss um pictionary i still like
trivial pursuit i love trivial pursuits my old roommate and i were gonna have a board
game night we never did get around to doing it i would totally be in on the board game
night if we wanted to start one can't do it at my place i should talk to my friend who
owns a house in the south area and see if he would want to do something like that the
last actual board game i played was uh electronic assisted board game the omega virus does anyone
remember that i think so i was like early 90s that that's in that same family of games
like the the mall game and yeah when you say it's not the same type you know what i mean
when you say like mall madness when you say electronic assisted board game i think of
electronic battleship i used to have electronic battleship it was fucking rad you know game
i love for a board game mouse trap yes except it never worked it never worked if you tweak
parts of them um surso in our chat room says how about strip poker how about munchkin that's
a classic i like playing uh munchkin catan catan's pretty fun um you know your traditional
stuff we'll play like the game of life and now then scrabble um one game though i did
play with uh one of my friends a while back and it was actually a lot of fun really need
to play it again uh cthulhu rising i've heard that's good it's awesome it's you versus it's
basically everybody playing together as a team um although we need to cheat the next
time we play because uh it was really fucking hard cthulhu kicked our ass as cthulhu usually
does an elder god it reminds me of a joke i heard sorry about that someone sent me a
link i didn't know a video would be on it my bad how many cthulhu investigators does
take change light bulb all of them you never split the party see now sure as i was yelling
out all those junior high school games spin the bottle oh god two minutes in the closet
really sticking to the board games to board games okay we used to we used to though when
we would play monopoly we would steal the pieces from clue so i could be the you know
so you could be the lead pipe or the dagger or the the revolver that was always we used
to always fight over who got to be the car i never wanted to be the car i wanted to be
the shoe so i could the boots i could kick everyone's ass this is this is my logic as
a 10 year old this explains so much about jamie i don't see what the problem is and
then i don't have to argue with everybody over who gets a damn car it's it's pewter
it's pewter you know hold on i'll go and get like one of my uh exes uh warhammer figures
and i will be the orc with the tank here we go kathulu rising needs to be an xbox live
arcade game that would be awesome all right do we have any other uh emails this week to
read we do not all right you guys should send us emails mailbag at orange lounge radio dot
com in the meantime it is time for us to get out a little bit of the angst that happens
to be in our system tonight and uh it's a little segment we call the f us of the week
mine is multifaceted oh big words faceted is not a big word rob all right it's a little
word with the big meaning facet is it's something you put on the kitchen sink right where's
the treble it vibrates let's put that in my special place rob's got a big hairy ball in
his crotch now what else is new anyone got a weed whacker lord anyway anyway um not it's
more of a situational thing not directly to anyone in particular just the whole having
to wait for my surgery thing really blows but i do want to thank um my surgeon for basically
fitting me in on one of his on-call days to get me in so that i can still legitimately
claim my my uh fmla family medical lead act um also um fu to the company that purchased
mine um for basically um i know you're gonna outsource all the servicing to india so uh
i really hope that you go to hell for you know and i know i know logically it's i try
to separate what i logically know from what i emotionally feel you know logically it's
business we were the number one servicer they were the number two servicer they had the
money to buy us they bought us now they have no competition but still when you look at
people who you've been with you know for like some of these people i've worked with the
entire time i've been with the company for 10 years and it's just sort of like wow that's
a big chapter closing you know so i'm not really necessarily going to say an fu to um
aqua because even though they are shitty and not keeping jobs in america pretty much which
i have a big issue with um i do want to you know want to say that it really sucks for
all the people who actually enjoyed working there who i've known for ages and i just wish
everybody the best all my co-workers if for those who are listening to the show and no
i won't tell you what department i was in loki a big old fuck you to julie mayo of roseville
california and martin jennings of roseville california for wasting three weeks of my time
may you never get any money from any of your litigations and for the love of god take some
goddamn responsibility for your firing you are a horrible employee you don't get along
with people and you wonder why you got fired duh maybe because you're a fucking idiot the
end allegedly he's been sitting on this one i just don't want the show to get sued because
i got no money you can't sue anybody that's all that's my opinion in my opinion she's
a fucking idiot all right thank you do not necessarily like the opinions that's right
not necessarily opinion of me do not don't sue me all right uh let's see um my boy oh
boy my fus of the week um some folks think i'm gonna f you the world cup because i i'm
dutch and heritage but i'm not i'm not that upset about it my last name's dutch it's just
soccer uh let's see remember we're in the u.s we don't we don't get as riled up as other
places do we're also gamers we don't really care about sports i'm gonna give my weekly
f you to real id god damn you i f you to the fucking booboozilla app that jamie has i think
it's burning hell stop giggling like three-year-olds this is why the nintendo ds and psp are far
superior to the apple iphone no no app like that yet um you can't even say it sounds like
a i'm not gonna dignify it by calling it by its name the jungle all right uh let's see
i uh want to give an fu to um owie phantom side pains i've been having lately that's
no fun hopefully it's not as bad as what i had before that would suck uh and then uh
f you to the fact that i'm probably finally getting rid of my car that i've had longer
than i've been doing this show everyone this week yay it hasn't happened yet don't cheer
yet it hasn't happened yet you know what i'm a frugal person and if i want to drive my
car into the ground i have everybody when you sell and i have driven that thing when
you sell your car when you get rid of that car sell it who's gonna buy it i'm gonna play
this i will delete this off of my phone i'm gonna hold you to that do they even have the
spit noises that's great and then they'll she'll get a b app that makes the same noise
drew fu to the heat it's been screwing with my uh computer it's been screwing with the
ac and i think it may have been screwing with the fridge in my house big fu to my fridge
which finally died we had to go out to a storage container in the middle of the day on a 102
degree day to get the fridge get into a u-haul the first one fucking broke broke down as
in handle broke off the door take it out get all the spoiled food out of the fridge put
i don't know one third of our food back in the new fridge plug it in and then clean up
the entire fucking mess that we made in the process complain complain complain fuck this
heat it's all i got may as well make it big it's fine it was it was quite epic there you
go all right that's gonna do it for the fus of the week that's it couple more news stories
for you guys then we're gonna get to the skype line oh by the way i said i was gonna do this
on the show this is my impersonation of watching world cup on telemundo okay becky and i my
last week of work we decided to go get tacos at our usual place and we were watching um
uruguay versus netherlands and it was great but every time of course there was the goal
wait here where's that camera and then in back when you're
that's my impersonation of watching world cup on telemedo you make it sound so riveting
all right loki got some news for us uh yes uh the ps3 is becoming white and uh racist
in japan it's uh it's white and it's offering a larger hard drive um because you know i
know those ps3 systems they really have a problem with storage space uh but instead
of the current 120 gigabyte ps3 slim you will now be able to get a 160 gigabyte ps3 slim
that's in white and uh will also include a new vertical white stand and of course a white
dualshock 3 controller and i'll be uh retailing for uh 29 980 yen i can't be the only one
who remembers the disastrous ad campaign they did with the psp when they released that night
let's not let's just not and then when it fails in japan it will sue the sony claiming
that you know it was discriminated against because it was caucasian and i'm sorry if
you already mentioned this but i was i was looking at chat wow um didn't they already
have the final fantasy 13 one that was white yeah it was white with like a pink crap on
it so if you don't want to know well they put a woman on it so that's why it didn't
sell i was waiting to get well played dark soccer is distracted by earthbound i was looking
at the anti-piracy stuff it's for the best all right uh and do you have anything else
to go with that uh yes also they're gonna be bundling resident evil 5 with um the playstation
move over there which in all honesty is probably a better game anyways than what moves sports
yay move sports but it's also gonna include it right now the uh it's also supposed to
be including i believe um the gun shooting pack oh they have also announced a big three
gun shooting perfect pack uh that will include time crisis raising storm dead uh dead storm
pirates and time crisis for the arcade version uh that's going to cost about 136 dollars
or 1 000 or i'm sorry 11 980 yen um but of course the you know the move bundle with resident
evil 5 the alternative edition it's all gonna have alternative music in there um that'll
retail for about 7980 yen or about 90 once again i rather have resident evil 5 than the
crappy screw it pack the resident evil game with the white ps3 and call it equal opportunity
well look that way everyone gets offended be quiet the nice thing about um the move
and a lot of that stuff is that those games aren't going to require move that's true much
different than the connect just so you know they may have some games that require them
actually no there are games that require the move oh well yeah how the fuck are you gonna
play move sports or how are you gonna play the sorcery game or how are you gonna play
um well there's a lot there's a lot though that don't require it that's true there are
a lot that require it the same can be said about the connect though as well there's a
lot what there's child of eden and well that's all that's been announced yet yeah just saying
and that's all right that they don't require that the playstation move be you know required
to play certain games because it probably will stink all right one more story for you
guys then we're gonna open up the skype line at 1877 game olr and i'm sorry this picture
that they have photoshopped with the move in her hand it looks like a giant sex toy
a freaking huge giant sex toy with a glowing end on it are you done i'm done you swear
all right one more story for you guys tonight uh and it has to do with an olr favorite game
eye of judgment and i guess you could say a sad end to a story here yes the eye of judgment
or as we sometimes call it here uh on orange launch radio the brown eye of judgment or
that game we really wish would sell 1 million copies so that loki would have to put on a
tingle suit when he comes to the show you might remember he made that bet a long time
ago apparently the eye of judgment servers are going to be shut down on september 30th
and that was a notice now now it's on the european playstation forums but you can just
pretty much guess that this pretty much is going to carry over to the states as well
so offline play will still be available of course but if you play the eye of judgment
online you will no longer be able to after september 30th i have something to say about
that what so i'm sure all ten of you will be there iphone what's that i said i'm sure
all ten of you will be sad well this also means something else you guys is that you
know we made that bet with loki and i know you guys were holding out hope uh that somehow
some way maybe a price cut or something would happen where this game would sell a million
copies but guys now that the developer is even pulling the plug on eye of judgment i
think it's time to finally admit you guys the bet ladies and gentlemen is over and not
to mention that they stopped printing the game like years ago i don't even think they
printed one million copies no i can guarantee they did not print a million copies we never
made it official here on the show so i i kind of felt like we needed to finally say it's
over i'm sorry you guys damn you lost the bet with loki and loki will not be ever dressing
up as tingle unless you can get him to sign up to something else which should be your
next goal you know if you if you're not able to get him to uh you know sign up or do this
with the eye of judgment then you should get him to make a bet somewhere else that's just
all i'm saying all right are we ready to take some phone calls sure i think so uh 1877 game
olr is our phone number or our username on skype is orange lounge radio the skype line
is now open for business and meanwhile some last minute stories for you guys um i was
asked by a listener to um throw this out here real quick um metal max 3 is coming out soon
it's cute because there's this little dog that you can play with here and uh it's like
kind of like it looks like a little a little bit of an rpg here uh that you can play with
your team there it's a ds game metal max 3 it's a sequel i believe there was an old ass
nintendo game that was only out in japan called metal max it was out in the states too i distinctly
yes it was was it really um i want to say it was either on the playstation 3 or playstation
2 maybe because i remember it's the one with dogs with artillery on it because that's so
epic it is dogs with artillery i think it's the same game i can't remember what it was
called over here but that's how i sold it i'm like dude it's dogs with freaking cannons
on the back of them i like some of these artworks too you can be a hunter or a mechanic and
there's this chick with like big old wrenches there and uh you could be a big old wrenches
that's right or a nurse hello nurse wenches uh wrestlers artists i don't see the dog with
artillery but i think that's in the game a little later there so metal max 3 there for
last minute stories tonight uh our skyline is open i guess i guess our freaking feed
dropped for some reason uh 1877 game olr is the phone number to call i don't know why
we're having stream fail problems tonight i blame visual basic i blame the vuvuzela
all right loki you have any last minute stories for us while we wait for some phone calls
uh just one the apparently the rumor is the new animal crossing game for the 3ds will
have you as the role of the mayor interesting so you will you will have to do stuff for
the town where's that rumor coming from um it's coming from apparently a pdf that came
out from nintendo during e3 which makes sense because they did put out e3 or they usually
put out pdfs with um information regarding their titles all right let me get to the phone
because we do have a call and hold hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hi uh this
is spazzing here hey spazzinator what's on your mind um well this is just uh basically
a follow call to the car i you know i had made like two weeks ago um you know just a
quick recap just in case you or the other listeners forgot uh forgot um basically sunny
was having uh having me jump through uh to get my veal uh back after uh having to send
my system in for repair uh again for the yellow lighted desk and basically um i don't know
if anyone's seen my lull ramps on twitter but here it is basically a week and a half
later and i still don't have all my videos you know back uh-oh basically i uh i literally
uh you know i looked at what they did authorize uh you know and uh you know i compare that
to all the videos that backed up and basically i still got like 55 videos outstanding and
i'm like what the fuck you know uh you would think you're not the only person to that this
happens to it's it it's weird that they don't have a better process like at least microsoft
seems to have with the whole you know releasing your um drm once a year to be able to re-download
it seems a little ridiculous yeah my my main gripe more than anything is that well it's
kind of twofold a uh the first one being that you know sony's policy you know is uh having
this done uh done it's supposed to be done within 24 to 48 hours of your call and i since
i you know made the initial call uh on the wednesday before you know the first of july
you know i should have gotten all my videos back by that friday and like i just said i'm
still missing 55 videos and the second uh gripe that i have is that you know the sony
reps over there you know either don't seem to know what the hell they're doing or just
don't give a give a shit one way y'all are you know well they're probably outsourced
i hate to say it but they're they're probably some type of outs i mean i don't i don't have
any facts to back that up but a lot of times when they're disconnected they are but actually
i want to say um this real quick uh from a chat room chat room because we have a lot
of chatters that are saying well maybe you should buy hard copies i mean does this kind
of make you think wow this might be the case against digital distribution or are you walking
away from this going oh you know what i'm still i'm still about digital distribution
well you know some of the shows i normally get on a regular basis for example uh i i
i buy um the weekly recaps of uh x play and attack of the show on a regular basis and
i i've never seen those uh on hard copy whatsoever unless i get like uh a dvd burner and uh you
know record them directly out the air interesting okay yeah uh all in other uh shows you know
uh you know i've tried looking at places like blockbuster targeting what that uh and uh
i almost never see them you know my only other recourse would probably be to go to uh go
to microsoft to get them there or get them on playstation networks so uh you know or
find some kind of mail order service and buy them that way but but you know you know but
the thing is you know i damaged joe joe schmoe shouldn't have to jump through hoops you know
please and beg and yada yada yada to get all their videos back that they rightfully
paid for you know i mean all i want is to sit down watch my videos when i'm not playing
you know playing my games and whatnot i mean it really isn't really too much to ask for
well you know spaz nader although there's not a lot we can really do to help um i think
there's a lot that at least your troubles hopefully will not be other listeners problems
in the future this should be something that i think a lot of people should take into consideration
when uh buying this stuff is that you know if they're gonna make you jump through hoops
to get your content back maybe you want to think twice before you click buy and that's
really what it boils down to unfortunately i i there's i can't i can't make sony give
the stuff back or what have you so uh there's not a lot we can do but i'm i'm hoping you're
uh able to get conclusion to this but this is really that just really bites and i think
uh unfortunately your story is going to have to be caution for everybody else yeah um one
final note before i want to go and get to um the next call yeah um i did you know make
you know my most recent call to sony uh you know this past friday and basically bitching
to them about um you know what's going on with the videos and basically they said it's
gonna take a couple days longer and i should should you know you know get them back by
tuesday and um you know if i you know i don't want to get them by tuesday i'm just gonna
call them back and i'll tell them how pissed off i am and you know threatening to take
all my business over to microsoft you know in terms of uh digital downloads and whatnot
and tell them you got the video game podcast of the galaxy behind your back all right well
and have a good one and i'll keep you posted as to what's going on please do and they can
follow you on twitter too at what spasinator underscore psn right or is there no underscore
correct all right there it is all right take care spasinator yep you too later interesting
i see uh bonds in chat says my ps3 yellow rained on me too so i guess and rob that's
the official video game podcast i'm sorry i'm sorry because i didn't violate the decree
did i was there a clause in there okay i'm good just want to clarify that all right thank
you thank you for clarifying that real is an orange lounge radio the official video
game podcast of the galaxy uh if you want to give us a call 1 877 game olr or our username
on skype orange lounge radio yeah sceo 100 matt has advice for spasinator saying if you're
going to keep getting bitten by this then just stop downloading videos on it it really
isn't worth the hassle every six months with this nonsense you know i kind of make this
comparison to what i'm going through in world of warcraft right now is that you invest so
much in something sometimes it's easier said than done to just walk away from it you know
what i mean although granted spasinators well no actually i don't think you could say that
because i pay fifteen dollars a month for wow so spasinators invested a lot of money
too i'm sure but so have i so um yeah i i i think though um what you got to do is you've
got to let his uh trouble serve as a lesson for everybody else 1 877 game olr username
on skype is orange lounge radio look do you have any last minute stories for us um sure
um real quick i guess they're going to be doing a prequel to dead space 2 called dead
space ignition that'll be available out on xbox live arcade and playstation network slightly
before um the title is released sometime um i guess uh fall 2010 so that's kind of neat
it seems to be the trend of stuff nowadays you know why i put out you know extended content
for the game when you can just release something else and charge people for it um summer of
arcade we've already released kind of uh talked about the titles that are going to be coming
out on xbox live arcade this summer um but now we actually have release dates and prices
for these titles as well so starting july 21st limbo will be making its way out july
28th has hydro thunder hurricane august 4th castlevania harmony of despair august 11th
monday night combat and august 18th laura croft and the guardian of light or as i call
it laura croft and who gives a shit hey i hear it's much cooler than you think yeah
that's what i hear about every single one and guess what happens they all suck all i'm
just saying it's not tomb raider it's more you're not supposed to say it's diablo but
it's diablo you know what if i want to play diablo i'll play diablo um and those are all
going to be out for the new 800 microsoft point price point which is actually now 1200
microsoft points or fifteen dollars i'm sure it's because those games cost a lot more developed
for and not because they're green ps 15 is the new five yeah pretty much that's it we're
not getting a lot of calls on skype tonight i don't know what's going on is something
wrong with our line what's the deal what's the dealio give us a call already g seven seven
game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio uh there's another cave shmup game coming
to xbox live arcade uh guanj and it's gonna be released worldwide and uh yeah all right
let's go to the call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this ah good old-fashioned legend
of saku well hello legend of saku what's on your mind even old-fashioned um yes nothing
much really just like getting back from like excursions with my girlfriend over the weekend
but not anywhere interesting i didn't know you had a girly friend now what's your name
and the name's april we've been together for about like four months now is she a reporter
for a major newspaper no all right ah come on i had television i had to oh it's a tv
i forget all right hi april all right well what's on your mind besides uh ddrx to release
uh another thing that i noticed was that act you know the former infinity award employees
are actually ratcheting up their suit against activision with more details as to how much
you know activision created a hostile environment for them stuff like um you know their their
top executives telling the infinity award folks to get over it regarding the bonuses
that they were promised basically being interrogated in secrecy stuff that you would see in some
sort of like you know so stuff that you would see during the soviet union days when you
had a secret police interrogate people out of nowhere did they just try did activision
recently exchanged 10 spies for four of infinity award spies and one of them was like this
really hot redhead is that perhaps i saw something on that but i guess it's for it's to the point
where they literally withheld bonuses unless they churned out another modern warfare game
to be completed november of next year stuff like that like they were basically being hoard
out to to spit out nothing but modern warfare you know you know what's interesting something
similar to what you're saying right now was brought up earlier in the show and it was
when loki was talking about crackdown 2 and you know we mentioned oh crackdown 2 has been
getting a lot of crap because it's just like crackdown 1 and we were talking about how
the developers had to start from scratch and you know they should just have waited and
not say they're going to patch it on the back end and then drew kind of chimed in and said
well that was probably the publisher not the developer and it's kind of interesting because
this whole thing you're talking about is publisher bullying the developer yes exactly this is
this this goes back to the point of who holds the strings and how much how much power is
being wielded by activision in this sense they're they they're swinging that big stick
of theirs no pun intended but who has the bigger penis well that that's how it usually
is remember uh hellgate london that had numerous problems with it but they had to make the
halloween release date which is i know i mean infinity ward met their deadline ahead of
schedule and yet they're basically asking a lot you know twice as much from them let
me very little in exchange let me put out going as far as like you know just giving
them crumbs of their bonuses let me put out a pro tip to all the publishers of the world
out there i think in general are gamers going to be pissed if you keep pushing a game back
and back and back and back yes there's going to be they're going to be pissed off there's
going to be rabble rabble on the internet but at the end of the day when that game comes
out do you want to actually sell copies of the game if so it should probably be a good
game so my advice to the publishers of the world take the time to get it right are you
gonna go through a little bit of belly aching and pains while you make it right yes but
at the end of the day it's gonna be worth it because the game kicks ass there you go
just like and how many of you remember never forget super smash brothers brawl right the
new one on the gamecube or not on the gamecube we was delayed like twice and one of them
was a huge delay like six months right they spent more time on it and as a result the
quality increased yes now this goes back to my point where hideo kojima recently said
that japanese developers are pretty much they're lacking ambition and creativity something
that activision loves to you know this is the same card that activision plays by milking
their franchises to death the japanese are doing likewise they're not they're as long
in other words if an idea is out of their comfort zone they're not going to pursue it
they're just it's more profitable to just create a new sequel of x rpg or x fight and
y fighting game salacious pop in our chat room gives another excellent example arkham
asylum was delayed at least twice but everyone immediately forgot their angst about it when
it hit because it was really good chat.org i just said last week on the show i think
final fantasy 14 should be delayed like the uh the valves and blizzards they might take
forever but but the games they finally do release are worth the wait exactly that's
the whole point that's why but then you know that doesn't fit well that doesn't bode well
with the public company and shareholders because they want results in the short term or else
they're going to stop investing money in that company so this is where activision makes
us bread and butter by by doing sequels in the short term and not really preparing for
long term invest you know investments all right well zack we got to let you go to see
if anyone else is going to call in but uh we don't forget ddrx2 came out in japan we
heard we heard what do you think of that really quick what you think of the remixes i haven't
heard him yet but what do you think of that whole idea i think the song was a lot better
that i mean it's something that that blows it's in other words a lot better than what
supernova and possibly extreme has offered to grow zdrx out of the water at initially
our mp3 is out there on the internet now can you hear these remix songs go off of body
style they've already had like videos of it do they still have the stupid tokens and all
that garbage like to download stuff okay good i doubt it that's lost track anyways that'll
tell you how long it's been since i've been following uh go to that site they're updating
the list as we speak where do i get the songs on here i want to play some for listeners
where do i go it's gonna be a while you're gonna have to wait a while till they get good
line out recordings where's the videos where's the videos are they here's the website it
should be one of the stories i'm looking at it dd dance dance revolution x2 release song
list update where are the videos where are they keep asking keep scrolling down there's
youtube links oh okay let me see let me see this well i know how i'll do this control
find youtube aha video with intro of x2 i don't want that there's a lot some of them
are is the quality on someone here is a little oh god the interface looks like universe three
what oh the background's like cute it looks like it runs really smooth hell you should
be happy that they brought back captain jack in this one so now you can play this again
yeah i wasn't how about a different captain jack song yeah i agree with sj100 matt you
the original one hasn't made an appearance as extreme and that's all you could say that's
eight it's like eight years absent from a ddr mix but it was in a ddr mix how about
a new cap but it hasn't been in a ddr mix in almost eight years all right all right
because it's been hard to obtain that license we'll see yeah and my fat ass hasn't played
ddr in about the same time all right i'm letting you go zack you'll have a good one okay yeah
i have a good one too take care 877 game olr he's name on skype is orange launch radio
rama in our chat says holy shit drx2 as super driver yeah that was that song i was playing
right there super driver um apparently it has like cascada and all these other you know
cute little songs in there 877 game olr use name on skype is orange we're really not getting
any calls i guess is it time to end the show i think oh it might be it's almost like 10
o'clock already i guess that is good people are ready for sleep and some people have to
work tomorrow i think we're ready for the skype lines or done with the skype line so
not me that's it um that's it we're gonna wrap things up here and uh be on our way out
of here tonight but uh thank you guys for tuning in tonight uh let's see though quickly
if we have any other last minute stories loki no no all right well there you go uh that's
it um thank you guys very much for tuning into orange launch radio if you like what
you heard please tell friends about the show help spread the word because you know we don't
have any fancy advertising campaigns behind us or millions of commercials or millions
of dollars we really appreciate the support all we ask tell two people you know about
the show help us spread the word um let's go around and get everybody's final thought
because we can't end the show until we get the final thoughts uh drunami thanks for being
here again and uh hope you had fun and expect me over here more often not too much so take
a break once in a while it's our show damn it i'm just kidding you you're welcome whenever
you want next time you have to wear the mickey hat all right all right uh do you have final
thought for us tonight um my mind is a blank we have more to come next week though i have
more ideas you were telling me can i can i just say we're going to talk about on life
and how that's out but nobody's really nobody here has really played it yet yeah it's been
really kind of under the radar and a lot of people consider it to be vaporware well that
can be your little task oh all right task uh something before dark soccer gets to her
final thought i meant to bring this up during housekeeping and i completely forgot i believe
you're still going but i know i am for sure saturday california extreme hell yes and we've
had chatters ask when are you ever going to california extreme because years and like
it's been going i've been i've been to california extreme over the last couple years i've never
been stuff did you go last year i didn't think you went last year the year before i went
last year and i went the year before and when you put that well we're both going to be there
this saturday sadly loki's got a pregnant wife so he can't go but we're gonna go both
go carpool come with us i can't because i go early for to spend boyfriend time but you
guys will have fun we'll meet up there we are also meeting melanie yep i hope to meet
up with them too so we'll have fun so we're not like participating in the show or anything
we're going as spectators just like the rest of you and there will be around there will
be write-ups on both orange on radio and on geek life there may even be some vlogging
we'll see uh also i well i just want to uh throw out there though um follow us on twitter
twitter.com slash olr because if you want to meet up with us at the show that's where
we'll be posting updates because i don't even know what's at the show or what the layout's
like so santa clara now oh really oh yeah if we're gonna do a meet up so it's not even
at the convention center i'm used to if we're gonna do a meet up uh we'll have to tweet
something so it's more expensive to pre-register is it really yeah seems well i'm only going
the one day so we're only going for the wedding it's 45 bucks for one day oh damn but we're
going yeah we'll go whoo they have like speakers and all that stuff too huh yeah i mean they
usually have different panels with with developers and everything like i listened to a couple
of the atari guys a few years ago it was pretty cool it'll be fun and the um the the dude
who did um a redone donkey kong wow there's a new donkey kong project yeah donkey kong
too yeah all right um dark sakura your final thought tonight um i want pie or a milkshake
or both i blame loki for that but i really want something sweet um isn't a mango my final
thought is i'm gonna want more tylenol in about 30 minutes i have some no i have some
too issues uh loki your final thought um i have to paint more of the room yay i did think
of you because i found more um more uh uh mario things that people have made online
cool i'm nelly was supposed to be posting pictures online of the progress i've made
but she has failed to do that i would like to make the hamper for you the hamper yeah
the diaper hamper with out of the poop warp pipe the warp pipe nice i have i have an idea
that i've drawn up i just have to find the sketchbook i put it in okay all right we're
really out of here guys we've had a very late show tonight thank you guys for staying up
late with us the live listeners stay tuned uh everybody else thank you guys so much for
downloading our show have a great week we will see you next week we'll be back from
california extremes we're going to talk about classic arcade games and all the latest in
gaming news join us live will you sunday nights uh six o'clock pacific nine o'clock eastern
at all games dot com have a wonderful week everybody represent us in the big battle good
night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge
production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway
see you next week.
