Sky, and Loki Tonight, July 25th, 2010 Worlds collide in two new fighting games announced at Comic Con Independent games are set to come to home And Rock Band 3 gets a release date
Hello my friends out there all over the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be with you over the next few hours with my awesome co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi!
How are you doing?
I'm amused.
I made that sound like it was all one name.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
But it's actually DarkSakura is your online name and then Jamie Summers is your name name.
My stage name.
Your stage name.
Yes.
Now why are you amused tonight?
Because I'm looking at ThatWillBuffOut.com, which is part of the Fail Network or the I Love Cheeseburger Network.
Is that really all by the same people?
I guess it makes sense.
How much money do those guys have?
I have no idea, but this one, and I'll link it in the chat room, this one pictures of a car wearing panties.
That's great!
I just want to point out what awesome radio you looking at pictures makes.
No, no, no, I'm, I'm, um, I...
I am here, my stitches are out.
But you're still on vitamin V. I am on the V. I'm hyped up on the V. Bike it in!
Congratulations.
Because my hand still has a hole in it.
There's a part that the stitches didn't clear up all the way.
So I put pictures on Facebook to show my mommy.
Which is why I put them on Facebook, is to show my mommy.
And I'm still quite bandaged up, although not to the extent I was last time.
And it hurts us, Rob.
It hurts us.
TechMasterLoki
What's new in Loki's world?
You guys finished the nursery, right?
Well, it's not finished.
He's been inhaling a lot of paint fumes.
We have just very few things left to do on it.
It's pretty much done.
It's just the finishing touches, I guess.
We have to shade the hills or put a little highlight on them.
So I had to mix some paint with this blending medium stuff to make it very transparent.
and then I have to paint one more hill and just like some small stuff but it's basically done I would have taken more pictures but Nellie said that you know I shouldn't take any more pictures until it's done because it ruins the wow effect all right well we'll be waiting to be wowed it won't be as much of an epic mount all right
Let's also introduce, we do have a special guest here in studio.
We've been having a lot of extra people in studio lately.
That's a good thing.
We like having another person here to kind of mix things up a little bit.
Tonight is somebody you've heard over the past few episodes.
Say hello to Salacious Pop.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm great.
Can we even hear you tonight?
I don't know.
Are we hearing you?
Test, test.
Yeah, we're hearing you.
It's just kind of quiet.
I don't know.
Don't be afraid.
Just treat that microphone like it's ice cream.
Alright, there you go.
So, what's new in your world?
How are you doing?
Not much.
Got some new games for my birthday that I'll be talking about that I've been playing.
Okay.
Sounds good.
So we'll get to those in a little bit.
And for those that may not know, you have the unique distinction of also being my boyfriend, to which I'm sure a lot of the listeners are like, oh, that poor guy.
But yeah, so we went out last night, actually.
We went to see Adam Lambert in concert.
Yes, we did.
Speaking of gays.
Wow.
Yeah, right?
No, here's the thing.
No, I mean, is he any good?
Because I just remember like, oh, I hope he wins because I don't like the other person.
And then he lost.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I kind of feel bad, but that's just the kind of person my mom is.
Once she kind of makes her mind up, there ain't no changing it.
So we went instead with some other friends, and I don't know.
I thought it was fine, but it was weird that people were getting into a fight.
I don't know.
What did you think of the concert?
I want to paint his hair.
I'd say he won me over.
His wig, I'm sure.
That can't be real.
His do can't be real.
Tell the listeners real quick about the fight.
We will get to video games, I promise.
So we were up in the bleachers, way in the back, and about three rows in front of us, off to the left, a fight.
Well, not a real fight, but these ladies were dancing and standing up and having a good time.
We call them glamas.
Yeah, glamas.
Were standing up dancing, as one would at a rock concert.
and this sort of drunk, resentful husband who was probably dragged there by his wife really took offense to the fact that they were standing and he decided to call them out and get really belligerent.
Because you need to know the crowd was totally like the real housewives of Sacramento County.
I mean, Dina Lohan's all over, wherever you look.
I think on the Venn diagram of shame, there's definitely some overlap between Adam Lambert fans and like Twi moms.
I think there are a lot of, yeah, quite a bit.
We got to watch Security come in.
Yes, Security gave them a stern talking to.
There was a point where I was like, am I serious?
Because I've gone to a lot of concerts before, and I've never seen a fight.
So it's like, am I really going to see people throw down at Adam Lambert?
Is this real life?
Yeah, it's pretty surreal.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wheel of Fortune slot machine, and it's not like, I mean, there's been Wheel of Fortune slot machines for years.
Oh, it's big.
But there's this- Like the huge, mongous, wall-sized one?
Yes.
Yeah.
It looks like Derby Owner's Club to me.
Like, remember- No, I thought you were talking about, like, the five-cent, the nickel slots where they had, like, the giant wheel that spins.
Oh, yeah, there's that, too, but now there's one with a giant monitor, and I guess the bonus round on that one, you touch letters to complete the puzzle on the giant board, and it's multiple players doing it at once.
It's weird.
Yeah.
They have Vanna White, like, the real Vanna White, doing record, like, she's the bumpers between rounds.
Like, good luck, everybody.
And it's really her in HD.
It's very creepy.
Well, it's also creepy, like, isn't she, like, 80 years old?
And she still looks like she's, like, 30.
Like, she's made a pact with the devil, clearly.
Plastic surgery.
She's just using, you know, some different cosmetics from Umbrella Corporation, you know, to keep her cells nice and rejuvenated.
Well, you've seen that movie Death Becomes Her?
Yes.
She's made of porcelain.
Wow.
She's ceramic.
I did have to talk to one lady though in the casino because she had her sign with her that said, I'm 70 and I love Adam.
Because she reminded me of my mom because my mom's also just about 70.
She's 69.
Anyway, okay, enough Adam.
I swear that is like the most Adam Lambert chat you will ever hear on Orange Lounge Radio.
I apologize.
But we do talk about video games.
We're going to get into those in just a minute.
I had to go to our chat room though.
We love the chatters.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com They're always here with us every Sunday night as we do tape live at All Games Radio.
Every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, www.allgames.com Right after the Bobby Blackwolf show And of course, big, major, massive, super props to Bobby Blackwolf Who just turned 5 years old this week He can get a kindergarten His show, not him, his show Alright, and actually it was his 5 year of podcasting Because I think he had like a life through his 5 things like we used to have
This is gaming related.
You've got to stop with the pictures.
Okay, I'm going to leave this one in the chat room.
Put it away.
I'm leaving this in the chat room.
All right, link it in the chat room so that way our live chatters can see it.
Unfortunately, those listening on the podcast, well, it's just more incentive to join us live.
Exactly, that's why I do this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, the new one here in Roseville.
It's tiny and loud.
Oh my god, loud.
But we played this tank game.
It's a Namco tank game.
I can't remember what it's called.
But it was pretty fun.
Wait, your mic is totally cut out.
You gotta check the... I think the connection is weird.
Sorry guys, live radio.
Jamie's mic is doing weird stuff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I really need a new blender, apparently.
We did this Typhoon thing, which is more like a ride.
They do a minecart one.
Can you guys switch?
I don't know what's going on with that mic.
Hey, is this?
Wow, I'm loud.
Yeah, it's much better.
All right, go ahead.
Anyway, so we played the tank game that Namco did.
We played this Typhoon thing, which is like a bunch of different rides all in one.
And we did a pinball one, which was kind of throws you around a pinball game.
It was pretty cool because, of course, we had to do pinball.
And then we...
I played more token stuff and then I started playing Ragnarok online again because it's easier to do with my hand being kind of messed up.
But I did play some Star Trek online and I'm at Captain 8 now.
What exactly does Captain 8 mean?
It means that I've got two more levels until I'm a rear admiral, pretty much.
So are those like levels in other MMOs?
Okay.
Okay, because like you start off, because you know, they're set up like a military organization.
They go by rank.
And then you've got divisions in each rank, so...
So I'm getting up there.
Actually, I found out that while a lot of the earlier missions are lame, the upper captain level and admiral level missions are really freaking fun.
So I've been having a good time.
It's especially funny watching, although I've had such a hard time playing when I've just taken my Vicodin, because then I totally focus on one thing when I'm on Vicodin.
it's like I have instead of ADD I have like hyper focus disorder or something and get fixated on one major thing at a time so it's really kind of hard to multitask hence me looking at all these pictures during the show and not being able to look away from them I don't know what you're talking about
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and you have to find the golden suit.
It's this really bizarre little game.
It's awfully cutesy and I was surprised that Dan suggested it to me to play.
But it's really fun.
I've been playing a little bit of that and trying to go back and play Oendan except I'm right-handed.
My stitches are on my right hand.
My incision is on my right hand.
So I can't play Oendan very well.
Especially, again, when I'm on Vicodin.
So...
I gotta tell you guys before the show I said something and Jamie flipped me off and it actually put her in pain because she's like I haven't flipped anyone off since I had my surgery.
Rob's the first person I flipped off and because the whole thing is that my flexibility is coming back in my hand and I can make a sort of fist and I can sort of extend it except I can't apparently make a fist and extend a finger at the same time because then it hurts and it made me want to cry and I blame Rob because Rob evoked the finger.
I play other stuff.
Um...
I don't remember Vitamin V is taking effect everybody I played Mahjong before class on my netbook and I found that my SNES 9X emulator works very well for Linux on my netbook so I can play Super Nintendo games before class
you should check out the Castlevania puzzle game that just came out on iPhone cause although it looked really weird from the screenshots I've been hearing a lot of good things about it I just picked it up actually cause I had $40 worth of iTunes credit for my birthday from various gift cards so I picked it up cause it was like 4 or 5 bucks I don't remember and it just kind of made me think of you cause I know you're a big Castlevania fan girl and you like puzzle games too I was wanting to play it but I I almost downloaded the Silent Hill game and no no the Silent Hill game is junk it's on my phone if you want to play it it's not that great
It's like a first person thing.
It's not like the actual Silent Hill games at all.
We've also been redoing The Vault, Dan and I. I decided this and he better go along with it or else that we're going to play through Sonic Adventure.
I like how you have the dual TVs all set up in there.
You know what they were?
They were Xbox...
monitors from kiosks.
From certain stores' kiosks.
Dan was just told that he could take everything.
So we've got broken Xboxes and broken Wiis and semi-working Wiis and a bunch of cables and those monitors and crap.
He's putting them to proper use in the vault.
And I'll post pictures of the vault in progress.
In fact, I'll go do that right now.
I'm going to find the name of that game because it's going to bother the crap out of me until I figure it out.
Alright, so when Jamie runs in here and yells something completely random, that's the aim.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Now you have to stop looking at pictures.
What are those, SD cards?
Are you SD card shopping?
It's compact flash cards, and yes, I am shopping for compact flash cards.
for something I'm working on because I can't go without having six projects at one time.
Although I did cancel one project because I don't really give a crap about making it, you know, a cardboard arcade cabinet anymore.
What project?
Oh, the cardboard.
Oh, a project under $100 may...
I want to interject I want to interject
What were you interjecting?
It's Henry Hatsworth and the Puzzling Adventure.
Oh, okay.
I could have told you that.
So yeah, what I'm working on right now, my friend gave me one of these old, I don't even know what they are.
They're like, remember those Tiger Electronics games and stuff?
Not necessarily like Game & Watch, but something similar to that.
And it's a Frogger game.
And it's set up inside of what looks like a bar top arcade cabinet, except it's just plastic and it's really tiny.
and I was looking at it and I'm like, because the first thing that comes to my mind for anything, it's like, I wonder if I could put an arcade game inside this thing.
And so, I've kind of challenged myself to do that for no apparent reason whatsoever.
I've seen that before, like the little bit.
Like all the... It's kind of like an LED game, but it's in color.
And it's Frogger.
I think I've seen one of those before.
Aren't they like all red or all orange or something?
I know they're monochrome.
Not all of them.
I've seen ones that are multiple colors.
They have just like an overlay on them that gives them the colors.
But yeah, it's basically that.
So what I would be doing is I'd be ripping out the guts of the inside of whatever this thing is.
I'd actually probably be using the joystick that's on there, not really even replacing any of the buttons, but just wiring them up to some sort of like iPack type thing, probably a mini pack, and then running that through, which I just bought.
because I bid sniped someone and won an auction for a Nano ITX PC, which they're really small, but it's actually a little big for what I need it to be put in.
So I got to put the board in at an angle and hopefully that fits.
I'm not sure.
So that'll be fun.
Otherwise, I'll use it for something else.
But I have a three and a half inch...
Mini Mame Mini Mame
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's just no one online at all playing, you know, Battle of the Gay Tony.
Not, I mean, there's more people playing that than Lost and Damned, but there's really no one playing Lost and Damned right now.
Which, you know, I think this is about the right time to finally get those mods working, which I'm hopefully going to start working on some more once I get done painting the baby's room, which I'm very close.
We'll probably finish it this week.
And then that baby's going to get here and all your projects just got canceled.
No, they haven't.
That's what you think.
You are wrong, sir.
No.
I'm just saying Project Baby is going to take a lot of time.
It's not going to take that much time.
Babies just sleep.
I beg to differ.
They sleep and then you feed them and then you poke at them and you're done.
That's not going to last.
Yeah, we'll be saving this little clip and playing it for Loki a year after that kid's born.
We'll see what he thinks.
Hey, I'm well aware of what babies do, and yeah, they wake you up in the middle of the night and you're tired, okay?
I get that.
That does not stop me from, say, spending a few minutes here and there to build crap.
I don't know.
I need gamer daddies to email the show to give Loki some advice.
I just want to hear from some gamer daddies.
That's all.
Right, I'm just saying, there's two of us, we don't need to juggle the baby.
I mean, I will be taking care of the baby, but... Yeah, if you juggle the baby, CPS might get called.
They might.
Especially since they can't juggle anything, so that's not good.
Now, I'm not worried about that stuff.
I don't think it's really going to change anything.
I have known a number of people who said that.
Alright, we'll stop picking on Loki.
Go ahead, come on.
I'm just saying that I don't think it will affect anything.
That's fine.
I don't need 80,000 projects going on at one time.
But I will find excuses to do that.
Okay, so anyways, besides all that stuff, and of course more Crackdown 2, I'm not really enjoying this game as much as the first one.
Probably because this game is very similar to the first one.
Which, you know, wouldn't be so bad, but it's just...
They really kind of took away all the open world part of the game because the open world stuff is still there but my god is that guy who's the voiceover guy is such a nagging bitch.
It's annoying.
It's like, you should go to this rooftop race.
Fuck that.
I will do the rooftop race when I feel like it.
No, you should do it now.
I will do it later.
Do it now!
Are you trying to piss me off?
Oh god, I hated that.
Stop killing... I'll jump down and the other... Not agents, but the peacekeepers will be there and they'll get injured.
Or I'll blow up a car and some shrapnel will hit them.
Stop injuring the peacekeepers.
They're hard at work.
Don't injure the civilians.
They need to like us.
My favorite... That peacekeeper had a wife and family.
Do you want to explain it to them?
and it's dumb and even when you do piss them off they send a hit squad after you and you just go up on the rooftops and they shoot at the building because they can't figure out how to hit you and then that goes away and they're all, hope you learned your lesson I'm like, nope didn't learn my lesson I'm gonna do it again, wee yeah, it's alright, it's just I don't know maybe the announcer's the last boss
It's not the last boss.
Wasn't that the twist in the original Metal Gear game?
That the big boss that was talking to you on the frequency thingy, he was the announcer, ended up being the last boss?
I think so.
Yeah, but I don't think this guy's the last boss.
It's just that the peacekeepers are evil.
Oh my god.
Someone that's helping you out is evil.
That twist has been done like 80,000 times.
And I know it's a spoiler, but hey, the original Crackdown game's been out for a few years now, so too bad.
whatever it doesn't matter to me but it's still fun I like playing it it's very the missions that you go on are very linear and granted that the first game the missions weren't that different but they did have some bosses that you fought granted they were very simply you just had to run up to them and roundhouse kick them a few times and they're dead but at least they had bosses
I don't know.
They could ramp up the difficulty and stuff.
They could.
All right.
Well, I guess that's it for Loki's Gaming Week.
How about Alan?
Do you want to talk about your Gaming Week?
Absolutely.
How's my mic doing?
I think you're okay.
Actually, you and Jamie should probably switch back again.
All right.
I think I fixed hers.
We'll see.
I don't know.
Bear with us, guys.
Live radio.
Want me to test?
Am I looking okay?
Well, we can hear you now.
Okay.
All right.
Hi.
Hi.
So my birthday was a couple weeks ago, and I picked up, or rather I got Bayonetta.
So I'm finally playing that.
I know that came out in January.
A lot of fun.
Been wanting to play it for a while.
I'm on the third stage.
So it's pretty much, you know, Devil May Cry, but with a sexy bitch killing everybody.
Puzzle Quest 2, and I played Puzzle Quest 1 on the DS.
I probably have about 130 hours on my save game, so I've been playing the hell out of the second one.
Wow, 130 hours.
That's a long game.
Yeah.
Well, I pretty much grinded everything to level 99.
That was grindable.
It was very, yeah.
So Puzzle Quest 2, WoW, of course.
Our guild tried to do a trial of the Crusader Ten Man.
It's the hardest raid we've tried in WoW.
We got about halfway through it before we gave up.
We had progress there.
And played some Left 4 Dead and played some Alien Swarm.
What did you think of Alien Swarm?
It's good.
It's the new four-player co-op game that Valve put out.
It is under the Valve name.
It's free, so whenever something is not horrible and free, it's usually worthy of a little bit of hype.
The gameplay is basically Gauntlet.
four player top down massive enemies coming at you so it's gauntlet crossed with the movie Aliens pretty much and there's the medic, the tech, the sergeant and the special ops and you play online with friends and each person has a special role and it's a lot of fun I downloaded it so we'll have to play it was free you can't argue with free, it's two gigs so yeah anything else in your gaming week you want to share with us?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Anyway, Alien Swarm.
Free on Steam right now.
There's really no reason not to get this game.
It's worth a look.
I mean, it's not like, oh my god, like Portal awesome or something, but it's the type of game you would pay like $10 to $15 on Xbox Live Arcade.
It feels a lot like an Xbox Live Arcade game to me, but it's not.
It's a PC game.
and it's very much I think Gauntlet kind of mixed with Aliens is good with a little Team Fortress 2 thrown in there because a lot of the classes kind of seem to come over from that and yeah it's fun and a lot of fun on the multiplayer so check that out I mean there's really no reason not to check out Alien Swarm unless you're like super anti-steam is about the only reason I can think of or your PC really really really blows which might be another reason
One thing that I really like about Valve is that they're very involved in the mod community for Half-Life and all that stuff.
And if you read the info on Alien Swarm, you will read that the developers for it are people from the mod community that Valve hired because they like their work.
So Valve actually hires out of...
The fan service projects.
And that's how Alien Swarm was made.
They hired out of the mod developers.
yeah but Yaris was different like I can't explain it like Yaris really really was I think the commercial tie-in had a lot to do with that like when you pay to have a game made that's basically a giant commercial I think you're kind of set up for disaster a little bit Alien Swarm is no commercial nothing it's just I honestly I think it's again to try and get Steam on more people's computers that's that's really what it boils down to because you know since you launch Steam to play the game you're gonna get tempted into these ads where it's you know $4
Thanks for watching!
Other games I played, I also played a little bit of Team Fortress 2.
I played more than the tutorial.
I actually was playing some offline games.
I'm not ready to fight the people online yet because I'm still scared because I'm not very good at it.
But I found that I was doing okay as a medic.
The White Mage, which I think...
Somebody had suggested in an email last week, and it was funny, because I said, yeah, I'll probably do the medic.
And it's kind of a different role, because instead of just running out there like all Quake-style, just running out in the front, die!
It's more, you know, you hang back with your team and actually heal people, and you can overheal.
I kind of liked what they did with it.
It's fun.
So I'm talking about all these games that are years old, because I played Left 4 Dead as well.
Finally got around to playing a little more of that.
Alan and I played a little bit together, and that was cool.
Just...
I don't know.
I think a lot of you guys have already played it, so for me to sit here and describe it after so long is probably a little ridiculous, but I guess if you haven't, just kind of imagine a first-person shooter that it takes a little bit of teamwork.
I mean, obviously Left 4 Dead is all about teamwork, and it's about the four people that are playing, although you can have everybody else be a computer player, but it is a little more fun to play at least with people you know.
I mean, you can go online and play with strangers, but it's fun when you play with people you know because then you can kind of joke and talk to each other, and Alan and I
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
In the first one, probably the biker.
I'm totally blanking on his name.
But the guy with the handlebar mustache.
Yeah, he's funny.
In the second one, probably the redneck because he's so stupid.
Alright, very cool.
as far as other games I played this week, Puzzle Quest 2 gosh, almost the same games as Alan played this week, I don't know if there's anything unique I played that he didn't play Game Room, I don't think you really play Game Room, I play a little bit of that another one of my old favorite Activision classics Frostbite is scheduled for release this week, that was kind of a Frostbite is kind of like a ghetto frogger, really really ghetto frogger, so I'll be checking that out because I have fond childhood memories of that one
Alright, that's going to do it for our gaming week.
So we're going to get into the news and everything that's going on in the gaming world.
But first, we're going to do some housekeeping real quick.
I want to bring you guys up to speed on The Big Battle.
It's kind of going on all summer long at thebigbattle.net I think it's also available at bigbattle.allgames.com
TheBigBattle.net works just fine
Listeners of the shows, not necessarily the hosts, although I try to participate on at least games I own.
Listeners of the shows play their favorite games against listeners of other shows.
And it's just kind of like a big tournament type of thing.
High scores and leaderboards and all that.
And I think they're doing one tonight.
I don't know if...
and DarkSakura.com.
Riptide did very well there too AZHP made a showing and then we also made a showing on the Forza Motorsport 3 competition one of our listeners, I think just one charted over there Burr charted for us over there so he came in 6th place but that's certainly better than nothing
so um a very good job by Burr over there so we really appreciate that uh some things that are coming up in the near future Super Street Fighter 4 Trials HD and Shatter have both been announced as well so Super Street Fighter 4 I'm very excited about that one uh so we'll be checking those out a lot of you guys have been requesting other types of games PC games is one I've gotten a request for so I don't know how you might be able to do like a Team Fortress 2 battle but I'll try to look into it and see if we can get maybe Derek to schedule something like that that'd be cool
BigBattle.net
or I should say not in the actual Journey game but in a Journey-like game.
So he actually has started it and he's chronicling it in a little web series called Project Journey.
And there's actually little screenshots of me in like a breakout kind of game.
I don't know.
I'm curious to see how this turns out yet scared all at once.
I'm so excited, I'm so excited I'm so scared
Yes, we'll talk a little bit about Kinect and some of the stuff that was kind of rumored that we kind of figured was true, but it is true.
So we'll see.
Anyways, they announced that one of the things that was rumored that there's going to be a new Xbox 360 arcade system coming out this fall.
There is going to be a new one.
Now it's...
Bundled with a 4GB internal memory unit, kind of like how they were doing with the old arcade systems.
And so that's kind of neat.
And then, of course, you can put your own hard drive in there just like you can with the new S systems or whatever you want to call them.
Or use the USB because I think a lot of people are now using USB sticks.
You can also use USB sticks as well in there because there's plenty of USB ports on there now.
And that's kind of cool.
and um
yes and then also of course they're going to be doing a new oh and I'm sorry that will be bundled with Kinect that $300 one and of course there's also going to be a new just plain arcade system for $200 that's going to be coming out in August as well so that's kind of neat that they're going to be doing that I mean alternatives are wonderful Kinect is going to be priced at $150 as if all those retail listings you know
Microsoft's own website taking pre-orders didn't give it away yeah that's such an interesting price there didn't call that it does come with a free game which I may have hinted at before the free game is Connect Adventures kind of like their little Wii Play type game so that'll be bundled within of course for $150 and should be coming out well November 4th
Is Connect Adventures the one with the river rafting and the Pong-type game that was on Jimmy Fallon that one night?
Well, the Pong-type game, I think that's in Connect Sports.
Oh, okay.
But this had the obstacle course thing that they had, the river rafting, stuff like that.
So that would be kind of neat.
But hopefully when you cost average it out, it makes it a little bit more...
Beneficial, I guess.
But if I want this and Dance Central day one, that's going to cost me, what, $200, right?
Yes.
Because Kinect games are going to be $10 cheaper?
Yes, they're going to be only $50.
Okay.
So it's going to be $150 plus $50 plus tax.
So it's going to cost me about $220 to get Kinect and Dance Central day one.
Yes.
That's a bit of an investment.
It is.
Do you think...
DarkSakura.com
I think it may hurt the sales a little bit because it is pretty expensive but I mean they're trying to make it a little better because they're throwing in the game but when you look at it though with the new console when since it's being bundled with the new console then that really brings down the cost of the camera and I guess the software to $100.
So, I mean, are they losing money on the console or are they just, you know, adding some sort of profit margin in there for the actual, you know, accessory?
I can tell you right now, obviously, it may be $150 retail.
Obviously, that's not what they're selling them for.
You know, we probably work in about a 20% margin in there because that's usually I think what accessories go for is they have a 20% margin built in.
So if you figure that, I mean, they have to, I guess, leave room for the retailers to make some money.
Let me do a quick poll in our chat room.
Quick poll.
Will you buy Kinect and its buy-in game Kinect Adventures this year for $150?
That's what I want to know.
Quick poll in our chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to answer.
Quick poll.
I want to see some yeses and nos and maybe some brief reasons why.
Let's go around the room.
Who plans to buy Kinect and who says it's a waste of your time?
DarkSakura?
I like Lemonade.
What the hell does that mean?
But you collect peripherals, so are you going to buy it on that principle, or are you like, no, this is one I don't need?
Depends on what the money's like.
I mean, that's not really always the big thing for us.
We'll eventually have it, I'm sure.
We eventually get everything.
So it's kind of like your economic situation's going to be, okay, well, that's fair.
I mean, $150 right now is kind of steep, but I've paid more for less.
Okay.
Alan, something that interests you?
No interest at all.
None?
None.
What if they made it $50?
Would you buy it?
Yeah, I consider it then.
I'm kind of in the same boat as Jamie, where it's like, not to be Debbie Downer, but, you know, blah, blah, economy, blah, blah, 9.5% unemployment rate.
Like, I can't get that right now.
There's a lot of listeners in the same boat as you guys, so I think it's a very realistic answer to say that, you know, because of economic situations, $150 is too damn much.
Now is not the time to be asking me to buy this stuff.
and a lot of people actually say that's why you didn't see new systems this year and you're seeing instead upgrades to existing systems because imagine if it wasn't just $150 for Kinect but $400 for Xbox 720 with a motion feature built in.
For me, day one...
I'm a little bit on the fence right now.
I kind of want to do it just because I really want Dance Central and the Dance Masters or whatever it is Konami's putting out.
I kind of want to get both of those day one.
Loki?
A couple things.
Yes, I will probably pick it up on day one.
But
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's something interesting when you mentioned Dance Masters or whatever.
The Konami game.
Guess what I saw a listing for the other day.
I was like, really?
I'm surprised that's still coming out.
Is this a secret?
No, I don't know if it's a secret.
I think it may even be a mislisting because I haven't looked at the actual Konami release list yet.
But...
Dance Dance Revolution is back on the list of games coming out, which I thought was interesting.
That wouldn't surprise me.
Is that the Xbox and PS3 one?
Yes.
That wouldn't surprise me.
They try to get it out by the holiday.
But now is really a bad time because, you know, especially on 360, where it's all about, you know, now you can dance without the mat.
It just kind of seems like really bad timing.
Mm-hmm.
they really should have had that out earlier this year before E3 but I forgot to mention this during my gaming week because it's technically not a game I'm playing but holy shit is it awesome one of my release lists I saw and granted it hasn't been announced yet but I don't give a crap because it's so sweet Earth Defense Force 2017 Insect Armageddon yes they are making a sequel to the greatest one of the greatest games on the Xbox 360 in my opinion completely underrated
But oh, I cannot wait.
Day one purchase for me.
I saw that on your Twitter.
I was excited for you.
Let's go back to the results of our quick poll at chat.orangehonestradio.com Will you buy Kinect and its buy-in game Kinect Adventures this year for $150?
Here's the results from our listeners.
Nope.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Only if a 360 is in that bundle.
Yes.
Because of fucking Dance Masters.
Maybe.
I think that would be a good deal.
Oh, that's with the 360 included.
80% chance on not this year.
And then I don't have a job too, so I don't even think about it.
Those are the results.
See, I told you guys you weren't alone.
Here's the thing with the Kinect 2 is I like how simple it is.
Basically, I buy the system and I'm done.
I don't have to go, oh, okay, now I got to go buy all these extra accessories to get it to work.
and I know that they've had there's a bunch of those price comparison charts and like feature charts that one was released by Microsoft one was released by Sony which were hilarious and not to sound Microsoft centric or anything but at least their chart kind of seemed a little bit more fair with the comparison and what you have to buy you know to equal out a two player setup and the cost of that versus you know
Sony's saying that, oh, well, our system's in 1080p with Blu-ray as opposed to just 1080p.
You're substandard 1080p because it does not have Blu-ray technology.
Our system has buttons on it.
That is an excellent follow-up question for our chat room.
Let me ask this quick poll question real quick.
Are you buying PlayStation Move this year?
That's what I want to know.
How much is PlayStation Move again?
Yes, that's also like saying not all the Wii games require the nunchuck, but most of them do, so you're going to probably want it.
So you're going to have to buy another nunchuck, you're going to have to buy another move controller if you want two players, and another navigation controller nunchuck, whatever you want to call it.
And those are expensive.
Like $30 I think for the navigation controller, and I want to say like $70 for the actual controller.
Around there.
I could be wrong on the prices, but... Quickly, let me run around the room and see who might buy PlayStation Move here.
DarkSakura, PlayStation Move this year?
Really?
Don't know.
Okay, same kind of answer.
That's fine.
Alan?
I don't have a Wii yet, and I think that sort of answers the same question.
No, not at all.
I'm going to say it pretty strongly here.
I have no interest in PlayStation Move right now.
There's not a single game that's on it that I'm really interested in.
You could charge me $50 for the whole thing, the bundle, the controller, everything.
I still wouldn't buy it.
That's not to say I'm hateful for everything Sony this year, because I really want LittleBigPlanet 2, and there's some other things that don't involve the Move.
Thank you for watching!
For all practical purposes, those dance games really haven't been done before in this style.
Loki, PlayStation Move.
Absolutely not.
It looks like crap.
And I can't believe that they made games... I mean, just the whole lineup looks like junk.
I mean, and the fact that the controller is just a total grab at...
The Wii stuff.
It's basically a Wii with HD graphics.
Power to them, I guess, for trying to come up with a system that works for them.
Thanks for watching!
on the Wii.
You can't do it with the controller setup that you have either.
You're going to get things that, the closest to that you're going to get is like a Just Dance type game and I really don't, I'm not interested in something like that.
Dartetsu in our chatroom says, care to make a wager if they'll sell one million units of Move?
I don't think so
Nope.
No.
No.
I don't even have a PS3 as of now.
Hells no.
Hell no.
No thanks, I already have a Wii.
Only if someone gave me a PS3.
I don't have a PS3.
I really have no need for a PS3, nor do I want one.
No.
And BRB.
Not a single person in our chatroom, and please speak up if I missed you, said that they're buying it.
We at least had about two or three saying they were getting Kinect, but not a single person saying they're getting Move.
That could be very interesting.
Not that I want to make bets, because I don't want to make bets.
We're not going to do this crap.
I think Move is going to fail, but they're going to be able to sweep it under the rug very easily, whereas Kinect is way riskier.
And I don't know if that's going to do well or not.
Yeah, I want one, but I kind of have a bad feeling that Dance Central may be the only game I ever get to play on.
Here's the problem, too, with the Kinect, is they haven't really shown off any of the hardcore games yet for it.
It's all been the casual stuff.
Granted, with the move, they showed, hey, look, we can use it in SOCOM 4, and look, we can use it in Killzone 2 if you want.
Or Killzone 3.
Um, but they haven't really shown off anything like, hey look, Halo Reach is gonna, you know, support the move, or like, you know, Gears of War 3 or something like that.
Or not the move, the Kinect.
Um, so...
I don't know, it'll be interesting to see what happens, but I don't think it's going to be like, oh my god, everybody's going to run out and get these consoles.
It's just the same reason why, even with the Wii and stuff, the Wii sells well because it's cheap, and I guarantee if this stuff starts doing well, like the move in the Kinect, that that console will drop in price again to the sweet spot of $99, or even like $120, and...
It won't matter anymore because people will be snatching that shit up like crazy.
And seriously, when you think about it, if that's the kind of gameplay you're into, why the fuck should you spend $400 on an HD console so the graphics are slightly better?
Remember, folks, it doesn't matter if the graphics are better as long as the game is fun.
I mean, if anything, look at some of the stuff that Capcom has done with the 8-bit retro games.
Those games are fun because they're fun, not because they look pretty.
And that's the whole point, is the games need to be fun, and you need to focus less on how pretty the games are.
That will only get you so far.
It's the fun that keeps people around.
Alright, well, before I get into the next story, I'm sure there's going to be some, even though our chat results came up that nobody was interested in Move, I'm sure there's some folks listening to the podcast, because we do reach a pretty big audience with the podcast, comparatively.
There's probably somebody out there that's probably sitting there right now going, man, these guys just hating on Sony, man, man, man.
No, I'm open to, and I really actually want to hear from the people that are going to buy PlayStation Move.
Why are you buying PlayStation Move?
And I'm not asking that in an accusatory way.
I just kind of want to know, like, what is it that interests you about PlayStation Move?
I told you I'm interested in Dance Central.
That's kind of why I want to get connected.
What is it on Move that interests you for this holiday season, and what's motivating you to go out to get a move?
I'd love to hear from some listeners.
Mailbag at OrangeLunchRadio.com.
I was going to real quickly talk about just Microsoft's thing when they put out the cost of the different systems and stuff like that.
Oh, didn't you call this?
That this is going to come out?
Microsoft will put out a chart that says it?
I remember you saying this in the show.
You did.
I know you did.
But this is assuming that you already own these consoles or whatever.
Here's what it will cost you to equal up to what I guess the PlayStation the Kinect can give you.
So, of course, the Kinect only supports two people, at least for full body capture or whatever.
So, for $150, you get the Kinect system.
Now, to equal that on the PlayStation side, you're going to need the $100 starter kit, which gets you the camera and the controller.
you're going to need an additional controller which is another $50 and then two navigational controllers which are $30 each total cost $210 now if you compare that with the Wii all you're going to really need is another remote which is $40 they're saying the Wii balance board and this is mainly just so that you can play every single game that's available on the Wii because with the Kinect you're going to need just that camera to play every single game that's going to be available for Kinect
and then with the move, you're going to need those navigation controllers to play every single game on there.
And then an additional nunchuck, so that'll cost $160.
So it's only $10 more than the $150.
So that's how they're saying that they're a better bargain, I guess.
They're doing some fuzzy math, though.
It's some funky... Because they're also saying...
if you already have these systems.
Yes, not including the price of the system.
And then I think it's a little bit shady to throw in the $100 balance board saying you need it.
I get where they're going with it, but Microsoft's doing some fuzzy math.
That's what the sales people get paid to do.
I get it.
That's what they do, but even with the PlayStation chart, the Sony chart, what they're talking about, the different features and stuff, some of the comparisons are ridiculous.
For example, they have six different bullet points that are the camera.
Obviously, the Wii does not have a camera, so all those are no.
But they're saying, camera?
Yes.
Augmentative reality?
No.
Yes, and it's basically, if you actually look and read all the stuff, it's all basically the same as the Kinect, except for, you know, oh, there's no buttons.
Darn, you know, well, what if you don't need buttons on there?
I know that they're stressing that buttons are really important.
Just like that they were stressing that force feedback wasn't important back when, you know, they didn't have the licensing for force feedback in the PlayStation 3 controllers.
You know what they should do is they should put out a chart that's a little more honest with the price, but they should just say, here's what the Xbox will do that the Wii won't do.
You know, the Xbox is in HD.
The Xbox has access to indie games.
The Xbox has this library of download content.
Microsoft does what Nintendo don't.
Basically, you know,
Just be honest.
Yeah, it's a little more money, but this is what you're getting for all of it.
It plays DVDs.
You can do live interactive things like 1 vs. 100.
Oh, wait.
No, you can't.
Not anymore.
But you can do Netflix Party.
Woo!
I'm just wondering, though, the problem I think that they're going to have with these tune-to-motion systems is that...
It may be too late, you know what I mean?
It's like, the Wii is so inexpensive now, and it's only going to get cheaper.
You know, putting out these additional systems, that's basically like saying, oh, you know, you need to buy another system.
And fuck, for $150, why don't you just go buy a Wii?
I mean, because you can pretty much do that with that kind of cost.
So why even bother buying the Kinect when they're just basically saying, for $150, I can just buy a Wii.
Let me leave this story on this comment from our chatroom, chat.orangeonsradio.com, because I think it's interesting.
Frisbee says, in response to something Jamie said a minute ago, Microsoft does what Nintendo should.
Perhaps.
Alright, let's move on to our next story, and this has to do with stuff going on in the real world that will definitely impact gaming.
I'm sure you guys have heard about this bill that's going to go before the Supreme Court, and it's a California bill that is basically banning the sale of violent video games to kid.
To kid?
Just this one kid, actually.
No, the kids.
And it's going to be going before the Supreme Court because it was overturned by a lower court some time ago after it was signed into law.
Well, long story short, 11 states have now joined in basically saying they support this bill.
So this is no longer just a California issue.
But Connecticut, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia...
are now all on this too.
Not to say that if the Supreme Court reverses the other decision putting the law into effect, not to say that all these states will suddenly also have the law, but that should tell you where California goes at least these 11 states are lined up to follow.
So if you want to have your voice heard, you might want to call your congressperson and don't be afraid to do so because that's what they're there for.
That's what they're paid to do.
There's also the ECA.
You can go through the ECA.
Although, you know, the ECA is a union you can kind of join to support and help fight it.
But there is nothing quite like contacting your representative directly.
Do you want to say something on this?
No.
All right.
So yeah, I definitely would encourage folks to contact people.
Otherwise, this is... You know, and...
Again, just to kind of state where the issue is with this, is that whereas, yes, kids should not be playing violent video games, isn't that really up to the parents to be doing and not really the video game stores?
And why are video games being held to a different standard than movies?
Is it against the law to sell an R-rated movie to a kid?
You don't do it.
You're not supposed to do it.
But is it against the law?
Because it's going to be against the law to do video games pretty soon.
If this happens.
is necessary.
And again, it should be, you know, if parents were doing their due diligence on what their kids were playing and buying or what they bought for their kids, it's just, it seems really unnecessary.
J. Rod in our chat says, I don't get why this is an issue.
Children need a parent to get into an R-rated movie or buy a parental advisory music album.
But is that against the law?
It's just that same double standard again.
I somewhat agree with you, J-Rod.
It's just that, you know, I think video games are being held to a different standard, and that's not very fair.
Because it's just going into that whole stereotype that video games somehow make you a more violent person.
I just kind of don't like what they're trying to say.
I don't like what you're trying to say to me!
Alright.
Let's move on with another story, DarkSakura.
Well, this is happier news.
This actually makes me in particular very happy.
We have a couple of games coming out from both Capcom and Namco Bandai.
Street Fighter x Tekken and Tekken x Street Fighter.
What's the difference, huh?
Well, Capcom's in charge of the former, and that one's going to be all done in that sort of Street Fighter 4 style, that 2.5D look.
and all the Tekken characters will be re-imaged to fit that same style.
And I saw a screen capture from it with Kazuya and Ryu and it looked really, really good.
The gameplay looks exactly like Street Fighter 4.
That will make me intensely happy.
They have the video of it and of course it's tag team so it's going to be sweet.
and that one will have versus training and tag team and it's going to be a full on Capcom style now the latter is going to be more of the Tekken style play that has a 3D arena so I don't know if they're going to be taking the sort of Street Fighter EX move list and importing it into Tekken or what but
Or if it's going to be trying to actually translate the styles of each character into a move list that would fit the way Tekken plays.
Because there's not really any real major projectile moves like that in Tekken, except for a couple of interesting moves.
And there's the unblockable moves too, like Jin's whole electric block thing.
I think in the later Tekkens, the final boss would have a fireball to make them even more...
Cheesier That's right But normally, yeah, the regular characters don't From what I remember Now, Tekken was always my big thing Especially when Tekken 3 came out I was working in a Namco arcade at the time So, of course, we had it before everybody else did And I was like, ooh, I know who that character's coming out You know, because I was keeping up with the Japanese character releases at the time We got ours in a different order than they did in Japan
Tekken 3 was a huge deal here because it was a launch title with the PS2.
So if you were in line at midnight, September whatever, 2000 for the PS2, you were picking up Tekken 3, SSX, big.
It was Tekken Tag Tournament, actually.
Yeah, Tekken 3 was on the PS1, I'm pretty sure.
Tekken 3 was with the PS1.
They had like a souped up version on the PS2.
I think that's what they had, yeah.
but Tekken Tag Tournament was the big thing and actually they fixed a lot of the problems that the Japanese Tekken Tag Tournament had because it had this weird thing where the background would almost detach from the foreground and it would really give me a headache after a while playing it but I've got, I imported Tekken 3 when it came out in Japan and actually they censored the endings between that one and the US one it's pretty funny
I kind of wish if Capcom and Namco were going to get into bed together again.
I'll get to that in a moment.
I kind of wish it was Street Fighter across Soul Calibur, personally, because I love me some Soul Calibur, but I get it.
The universe of Tekken and Street Fighter are similar.
Soul Calibur would not really fit as well in that universe, although Darth Vader and Yoda seem to do okay.
Soul Calibur is taking its own kind of interesting direction.
It's shifting in more to the customized character.
I would love to see, where's my announcement on Soul Calibur 5?
Because we should be about ready for that, don't you think?
Soul Calibur 4 was a couple years ago, I'm just saying.
Now, what I really want to see is, Capcom, I hope you're listening, I want to know the rival schools.
Um, also, let's get into this, because it has kind of a funky name, and we've heard people say Street Fighter X Tekken, because that's what it literally reads like, and then we've heard, like, Tekken versus Street Fighter, just kind of people replacing it with versus, but the name actually comes from a couple years ago, and I know we've talked about it on this show, it was a Japanese game that never came out here, there was already a Namco Cross Capcom, and it was more of like, it wasn't more of like a strategy game or something, it just involved the characters from the various universes, I think it was?
It was a tactical strategy.
It was like a tactical game that came out.
Which is why I never bothered with it, but it had some sweet music.
So it should be known that this is not the first time that Namco and Capcom have kind of gotten in bed together.
This is kind of a logical type of follow-up, so it's a little weird in a way.
I've got to admit, I'm kind of sad that it's not a Capcom SNK Part 3, because that's what I would really like to see, because...
I prefer Mai and Andy Bogard and all them from the SNK universe, but whatever.
You know, I want them to do, I would like to have, I mean, as much as Street Fighter and Tekken seems to be such a logical choice for them to do a crossover game with, because those are the two biggest franchises of each company.
I would have preferred to have a more generic all-out like how Capcom vs. SNK was.
They had the Cardfighters Clash game, which was pretty fun, and then you had the fighting game.
I like that the company's major artists did each other's art for them.
The Capcom artists did the SNK artists and vice versa.
I'd like to have Klonoa in a fighting game.
That was the joke I was about to make, yeah.
Klonoa versus Akuma.
Well, even in the trailer, at the very end, they show, like, Mega Man chasing a Pac-Man ghost, and then a Pac-Man chomping after Mega Man.
Like, it's really weird.
And then I'm like, are they gonna do something with Mega Man Universe?
Like, what the hell are these two companies planning?
Like, is this weird?
Like, somebody is sleeping with somebody at the other company.
Seriously, because, like, now, what's gonna happen next?
Katamari Damacy meets Resident Evil?
I mean...
You've made the zombie moon!
Actually, that's how you'd make Pluto, because Pluto's the dead planet.
We should do that as a list list some week.
The Namco cross-Capcom series we'd like to see happen next.
That would just be all kinds of wrong.
But this is interesting, because Capcom's got a lot of fighting games coming out, because they've got this, they've got Marvel vs. Capcom still happening.
It's all these, like, X vs. Y. Marvel vs. Capcom 3!
Ow, that hurt.
3!
It was just in my right hand.
Which I'm still majorly looking forward to, because, dude, my team of Deadpool and Dante, aww.
S2100 Matt in our chatroom at chat.orange.com is saying Napcom, or Napcom?
Napcom.
That's what happens when you read too fast.
I like that name, Napcom.
Namco Cross Capcom was a massive financial failure.
I didn't realize that, but that might explain why it never came out to the US.
I'm looking at the Wikipedia article that we got linked here and trying to see what's going on.
Yeah, it was a tactical game.
I'm trying to see how it was received.
Oh, there's a lot of characters in the different games there.
Reception.
It got a 28 out of 40 in Famitsu.
It was the top-selling game the week of release.
It sold approximately 131,000 copies in its first six months of release, and then it got re-released as a PlayStation 2 the best.
That doesn't sound terrible.
Maybe it wasn't like, oh my gosh, blow your hair back, but it sounds like it did okay.
That rating coming from Famitsu, you know how strict they are on their ratings.
Haven't they given only five games a ten?
It's more like twelve, and Nintendogs was one of them.
Nintendogs was great.
For about five minutes, which is how long they must have played it for.
Usually, yeah, they've got some pretty strict standards.
But they've had their moments of weakness, that's for sure.
Well, I don't know about you guys, but I'm looking forward to this.
I played Tekken 1, 2, 3.
I had all those games from PlayStation 1, and then I kind of stopped playing Tekken.
I didn't really ever play 4 or 5.
Maybe I rented 4.
I don't remember.
I remember I got Tekken 6 from Gamefly, and you came over, and we played it for a couple hours.
That's right.
And it had 40 characters, which is a ton amount of characters, and we were like, we don't care.
It was kind of bad.
It wasn't that great.
We just couldn't get into it.
I really am curious to see kind of what the Tekken... I mean, because we all know what Street Fighter X Tekken is going to look like.
It's going to be freaking Street Fighter 4 with Tekken characters.
Whoopee!
I'm more curious to see what Tekken X Street Fighter ends up looking like.
Because, you know, is it going to kind of not be so great like Tekken 6?
Or are they going to maybe get...
The Soul Calibur people to work on it?
I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see what happens.
Did you see the pictures, Rob?
I saw the pictures of Street Fighter X Tekken, but I didn't see the other way around.
I don't know if there's pictures out for that yet.
I don't think there is, because this all happened at Comic-Con at the Capcom panel.
Which, by the way, isn't it weird that they waited for Comic-Con and didn't say something at E3?
I mean, maybe they weren't ready to make an announcement at E3, but it wasn't that long ago.
Comic-Con seems like a weird place to make that type of announcement.
Because, you know, Comic-Con, all about the comic books.
I thought that this particular shot was just epic.
And she's looking at a shot of Ryu fighting Jin, right?
Kazuya.
Drew looks like, I'M GONNA PUNCH YOU!
I can tell you right now what the Tekken X Street Fighter is going to look like.
The Street Fighter EX series.
God, I hope not.
Oh, God, I'm sorry.
Those games were terrible.
I did not like them at all.
EX3 was alright.
Because, dude, it's all about Skullamania.
But those weren't even produced by Capcom proper.
It was done through an American company.
I really like those games, so I'm surprised hearing this from you right now.
The EX series.
I think it's really underrated.
I liked them all.
Okay, well, you have fun.
All yours.
Well, if Namco's doing that one in particular, then I'm more than certain that they're going to be sticking with Namco's style for how they do it.
And they've always had really tight gameplay for the Tekken's.
Well, what was the SNK game called?
Remember there was Capcom vs. SNK, but SNK put out, what, SVC Chaos or something?
And that game wasn't so great.
I mean, I love me some SNK, but Capcom, I think, made the better game.
It was alright.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
We're going to release dates in a little bit after this next round of news starting off with Loki.
Sony has patented multiplayer via stereoscopic systems.
basically the way this is going to work they actually had something similar and I'm surprised that they were able to patent this anyways they have a way now using the kind of shutter system or whatever that you'll only be able to see your I guess your player or whatever on the screen at one time while someone else can actually see the full screen as well so it'll do split screen by basically having two different images on the screen at the same time
and each player will only be able to see their own version of the screen using those shutter glasses they actually have this already in TVs right now because I know you can actually do that with those 120 MHz TVs and watch two different programs at the same time or two different inputs but I guess this would actually kind of combine it with only one input but it would still be two different versions of the game or whatever that you're playing I don't know why but that technology sounds painful to me
It's really, it's a neat idea, but it's really, it's not something that they're going to be like, oh my god, you can do this.
It'll be kind of cool, but at the same time, it's kind of a dumb use of, if I've got these 3D glasses that I'm paying for and this 3D TV that I'm paying for, I'm going to want to use the 3D portion of that and not necessarily the split screen portion of that.
But what if you want to watch one show and your sister wants to watch another show?
I mean, now you both can watch the same show.
But wouldn't it just be cheaper to get a second TV?
No, it's not that at all.
This would be just two players.
It's a multiplayer game, but you're just watching two different players using the same screen.
But couldn't you do that?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
or you can be, stop being a little pussy and just, you know, look at half the fucking screen instead of spending like hundreds of dollars on a fucking camera or like a stupid shutter glass system just to do this.
Just buy another damn TV like you said.
But the game system doesn't have the processing power to handle the split screen.
Those PlayStation 3s with their, what are they called?
I don't know, the Uber Cores or whatever those are.
The Emotion Engine.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
What they really should have done, Rob, is they should have gone back to the original design of the PS3.
Remember the original design of the PS3?
How ridiculous that was?
With, like, it's three HDMI outs and it's dual LAN outs and stuff.
It's like, what the fuck do you need that stuff for?
But, I mean, if that's really what they want to do with this, then why not just do that?
So we can have two fucking TVs.
Or, I don't know, how about you just stop being a little whiny bitch about it and just not worry about it?
Because, seriously, how many fucking split-screen games are out there?
Not that much anymore, which is really sad.
It is sad, dude.
It should be more.
Resistance was a fun split-screen game, but there's not a lot of stuff out there.
Call of Duty, that'll still do split-screen, but it's not a lot out there.
Why even bother working on this technology for a handful of games?
I think Blur is split-screen, the racing game, except everyone hates that game for some reason.
I don't know why.
It's not that bad.
But you know who does have the technology to handle split-screen flawlessly and who could bring split-screen to all our homes is Skynet.
Just saying.
I can get behind that.
Alright.
But, I mean, if you really... This is such an issue.
I mean, I just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, it'd be kind of neat to go, hey, look, we can play a two-player game or whatever.
But what's gonna stop someone from, say, I don't know, adjusting the shutters on their glasses to sneak a peek at what you're doing?
It's exactly the same shit all over again.
I get motion sick with split screens.
Really?
You can't just focus on one?
No, mine don't work that way.
But you also can't play first person shooters, so it wouldn't really matter anyways.
But like when we were doing racing games on split screens, it would actually give me a headache after a while.
Even Mario Kart on the old Super Nintendo?
Yeah.
Really?
That's too bad.
Because that was like the king of split screen right there.
Yeah, it was because the aspect rate, well, especially for the older ones, the aspect ratio is changed so badly that it really starts putting a strain on my eyes.
It's too bad.
All right, well, moving on to something that I don't know if they'll be able to put split screen into this, but it's a new technology-ish thing coming to PlayStation Home.
It's a partnership with Codename.
Code name, I guess, is this indie game label that is going to be making content for PlayStation Home.
One of the games is going to be...
Are they going to be putting out content like Sodium One?
And when the game says draw, you push the button on the gun as fast as you can.
And on harder rounds, you have to pull the trigger faster.
So maybe that's what Dueling Gentleman will be.
It'll be press X button to win.
Wild Gunman Strategy in Holmes Plaza
I have no idea what that is.
But I guess also Peanut Gallery is another developer.
They're going to be making Minor Battle.
It's a capture the flag type of game.
And then Codename is making Super Awesome Mountain RPG.
It's going to have tabletop board games with fantasy role playing.
That could be interesting.
Bringing like a little bit of tabletop into home.
Just because they have super and awesome in the title does not mean it's going to be super awesome.
In fact, actually having super and awesome in the title usually means it's not super awesome.
A game by Lazy8 called Cogs will be in 3D, and it will be a dynamic public spectacle in Home Central Plaza.
Really, I thought the furry dance-off day in Sony Home was the dynamic public spectacle, but maybe that's just me, I don't know.
I got your dynamic public spectacle.
And any of this going to be able to be translated into, I don't know, stuff for my apartment or a club?
Is this going to expand the clubs in any way?
Maybe, I don't know.
They haven't said yet.
They haven't said because it's not going to happen.
Didn't Sodium One have a shirt?
Oh my god!
I totally misinterpreted Sodium One then.
It's the super awesomest thing ever.
Because I got a shirt.
You can win a shirt, but Loki, it's not actually a real shirt.
It's not like back in the Atari 2600 days where they would actually send you patches for your jacket if you got a high enough score in barnstorming or whatever.
And they should do that!
That's what achievements are.
I can't wear my achievements.
you would unlock a Left 4 Dead 2 t-shirt for your avatar which you could then wear and go on 1 vs 100 and show off your Left 4 Dead 2 t-shirt they've done that in a few games but not a lot have used it yet and I wonder if it's something we'll start seeing more in the next couple years like Blur, you can get a shirt for your avatar in Blur too I think there's a couple shirts you can get but one of them is really easy to get because I got it I have a sombrero for Red Dead Redemption which I noticed the other day I'm like, oh, okay wonderful
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
at any rate, it's going to be exclusive to Game and Game Station it will be $249.99 that's pounds will be out on September 14th it will have the limited edition wireless controller the wireless headset those will be available in the UK on the 3rd of September and we're actually getting it later than they are over there
The controller is going to be $39.99.
The headset will be $34.99.
And they are going to be limited and available for pre-order.
Now, as far as in the U.S., I believe that we're getting the bundle for $399 on September 14th.
So a new controller will be available, huh?
Have they fixed the fucking D-pad yet?
No.
For the record, our wireless controller is going to be $60.
And come with a Covenant Banshee Avatar token for Xbox Live.
And the headset will be $50 over here.
And they will be in late August.
$60 for a controller.
I realize that's how much they cost now, but it's just...
God, controllers are expensive.
It's a little ridiculous.
I know, I know.
Especially for a controller that's essentially defective.
Right?
All right, let's travel around the world and see what you can waste your money on this week in the world of gaming.
Loki, we'll start with you.
There's a couple things this week that are worth mentioning.
Obviously, StarCraft II on PC is going to be a big thing.
Oh, you think?
StarCraft II, the Wings of Liberty.
Remember, there will be three versions of this game.
Why?
I don't see the point.
Because they'll sell it three times to a lot of people.
Well, they'll try to sell it three times, but I don't think the second and third versions of the game will be that great.
Okay, but that will be coming out this week on PC.
A game called Galaxy Racers coming to the DS thanks to Ubisoft.
It is, just like it sounds, a game where you race through space.
Clash of the Titans Coming out on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 Where you will release the Kraken Or at least fight the Kraken that is released upon you At least that's what I gather that movie is about Because that's all I ever see in the trailers Kraken being released
Alright.
Chuck E. Cheese Party Games coming to the Wii.
Here's a hint, people.
It's not really a brand new game, per se.
The company UFO Interactive, they have taken these games called Smart Girls and Smart Boys Club and they've just re-skinned them with Chuck E. Cheese stuff.
You know, that's really unfair to the dumb boys and the dumb girls of the world.
I know, it's sad.
But that will be coming to the Wii.
Arkrise Fantasia also coming to the Wii.
It's supposed to be a pretty awesome RPG.
If you're into fighting games, BlazBlue Continuum Shift will be coming out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
I do believe a PC version is going to be available soon as well.
Although, if you know where to look, it's already been out there for months now.
This arcade game used to run on PC hardware.
And that's basically it.
And then, oh my god, next week there's a whole bunch of junk.
So I got a question, y'all, and I want to ask this of chat as well.
Should I buy StarCraft 2?
There's a part of me that kind of wants it.
Despite all my anger at Blizzard the past month in this show, they do make some really good games.
And yeah, I'm terrible at RTSs, but I know some of my friends are buying this game, and they're not very good either.
So I'll have people to play with.
You know what would look cool about StarCraft 2?
It's the level editor.
And all the fun stuff you could do with that.
Like the Mario Kart type game and stuff like that.
I think that would be neat.
Well, for one, I want to make sure... I kind of want to wait for the reviews of this game to come out.
Because I want to see what they look like.
I want to know if my real name is going to show in the battles.
I want to see how far they took real ID in StarCraft 2.
that'd be funny because like see like if I were to sign up on this I don't have an account or anything and no real name so I could just like create a character called Dicks McButt or something like that it's like you have to sign up for a Battle.net account to play StarCraft 2
so you know and they would want you know your real name but you could always put you know Matt Loki is your name and I guess they'd really be none the wiser they wouldn't be so I don't know so I'm waiting to see what the game like as much as going to the midnight release might be kind of fun I'm gonna really resist that temptation and just like give it a week and just kind of see what the reception is and then I guess make my decision from there
I personally would wait three months, two or three months, because, you know, during that first quarter after it comes out, all of the balance issues are going to come out, and they're just going to patch the hell out of it and nerf all the things that need to be nerfed.
So wait three months and get a more even version of the game.
Three months?
Yeah, I know.
Three months?
That's too long.
In three months...
Dance Central will be here and Cataclysm will be here.
DC Universe will be on the way.
I ain't going to have time in three months for no Starcraft.
Cataclysm won't be here in three months, okay?
It's going to take at least four months.
Thanksgiving Christmas.
When is Cataclysm coming out?
Technically fall right now.
Sometime November.
But fall is the official date so far.
So far.
Let's move on to Japan and look at some of the release dates in Japan.
TigerClaw is linking me to a story that I want to get to later in our chatroom.
I have that on the list for later.
We'll talk more about StarCraft 2 later in the show.
Shirzo in our chatroom says Dix McButt should be on the wiki.
The Orange Launch Radio wiki.
Maybe that can be your quintessential online name.
No, I was just trying to think of something ridiculous.
And I'm able to think of things that are very ridiculous all the time.
Alright, let's move on to the Japanese release date.
Xbox 360, quite a bit now.
We've had some quiet weeks, but now some more stuff is starting to come out.
Agares Senkei Zero Dawn of War is coming out in Japan on July 29th.
Dating Sim Strike Witches, Shirogane no Tsubasa
Yeah, it looks like they are little cat girl anime chicks that turn into... Or no, they just happen to fly.
I guess they have little jetpacks and they fly.
So little cat girls that fly carrying guns.
I mean, this is like every anime fanboy's wet dream, so have fun with that.
Supreme Commander 2 also comes out from Squeenix this week, July 29th on the Xbox 360.
It's nice to finally see some busy weeks in Japan because it's been kind of slow the past few weeks.
PlayStation 3 There's a new console coming out It's the PlayStation 3 Slim 160GB and 320GB models are coming out this week We will also be getting those here
Sengoku Basara 3 is also coming out over there.
They also get a game called, oh, I'm sorry, this is for the Asia region and not specific to Japan, Chujaigen Game Neptune in regular and limited edition.
This is, they say it's for people that love Trinity Universe.
It's an RPG.
It's the one where the consoles fight each other.
Remember the console battle game?
Oh, yes, yes, I do.
Wow, you're smart.
I don't remember all these games.
You're a good time.
Alright, uh... On the Wii, Sengoku Basara 3 comes out there as well, as well as a game called Meisaze Surimaster Sekai ni Challenge Hen.
That's actually a price reduction that's going into the best hits from Hudson there.
I think that's what, Dekasports?
That's kind of what it looks like.
Uh, Dekasports 3 probably.
Oh no, it's fishing.
It's their fishing sim.
Uh... The hell is that called over here?
Um...
Oh, come on, it's a fishing game.
Who cares?
It's a fishing game.
Fishing games have not been cool since the Dreamcast.
Well, they keep putting them out, though.
On the PlayStation 2.
Yes, there's still games coming out on PlayStation 2.
Guess what?
Nobunaga!
That's right, another Nobunaga game.
Nobunaga no Yabu Kakushin with a power-up kit.
It's actually a price reduction from Koei.
I don't know what the power-up kit is, but that's maybe some in-game stuff.
I don't know.
Also, Natsuzora no Monologue.
I don't know what that game is all about, but that's from Idea Factory.
Hatsune Miku Project Diva 2 Hatsune Miku
Second Mix is coming out this week from Sega.
Enjoy that.
Also, lastly, there's a game called, yes, Slapstick Wonderland.
The full name of the game, Gaijusuka Art Design Class, Slapstick Wonderland.
You are free to imagine whatever you want.
But it's schoolgirls looking at sketchbooks.
I love this one because there's these four anime girls looking at a sketchbook and they look all excited like there's pictures of peen in the sketchbook.
And there's this one little girl over here who just don't care.
She's sipping on her sippy cup.
She's like, I don't give a shit what these girls are looking at.
I don't care about the peen in here.
Alright.
Let's move on to the UK.
Okay.
In the UK, we have some releases.
I've only got a few on my list, though.
The 27th is Alan Wake, The Signal.
Starcraft 2, Wings of Liberty, also on the 27th.
And the 30th is Ship Simulator Extremes for PC.
Yeah, that's about it.
Two more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week, as DarkSakura has picked.
We're getting closer and closer to our 150th game in the classic game of the week.
Episode 400 will be the 150th game.
We started on 250, because I looked at the wiki today, randomly.
And you started this...
You've had some segments.
Back in the early days of the show, you didn't really have a segment like that.
But your regular segments didn't start until we did the podcast.
There was the website of the week and my advice column.
Like what to do if you get caught on fire.
Because I was using my Worst Case Scenario Survivor Handbook calendar, which was great.
Like how to deliver a baby and how to navigate a landmine and how to ride a camel.
but I'm liking your classic game of the week they've been very good I've actually been able to incorporate this into something for Geek Life too I do Tales from the Vault every Sunday I like how you've worked in yet another plug this week for Geek Life go you, geek-life.com yeah, but that one's the more specific about, you know memories around gaming the dash is important because you need to dash on over there I know, right?
Loki.
So there's this game called Rock Band 3 that's supposed to be coming out this year sometime in the fall.
Now we can kind of narrow it down to October 26th.
I'll be hitting the shelves in North America just in time for your Halloween parties where you need to rock out to stuff.
and then of course with that obviously there's going to be different pre-order bonuses for wherever you decide to pre-order the game if you pre-order the title at Walmart you get a $10 e-gift card if you pre-order through Amazon they will unlock an exclusive in-game guitar for you
Yay, that's worth it.
Pre-orders with GameStop will be able to download three songs for free at launch, including My Own Summer by the Deftones, Blue Monday by New Order, and Burning Down the House by Talking Heads.
Nice.
How does it feel?
I want to sing that song.
DarkSakura, you need to have a rock band party when this game comes out.
Okay.
I'm getting the keyboard, for sure.
Now, again, please assure me, Mr. Guy who works at the distributor, please assure me I will be able to get keyboard plus game.
That's it, right?
Yes, absolutely.
That's a bundle that is available.
In fact, I don't believe they have full band bundles for this one.
I think it's just the game by itself, and then I want to say maybe they may have a full bundle, but I haven't seen it.
Um...
But I know that the keyboard game bundle is out there.
In fact, I believe that it's already available for pre-order through certain websites and with Stop.
And yes, keyboard bundle, $130.
Pro guitar, $150.
Or you can buy the keyboard by itself for $80.
What would I do with the keyboard by itself?
I need a game to play.
I guess I could use it as a MIDI keyboard, but that's dumb.
I want to play Blue Monday.
How does it feel?
And there's the Queen song, right?
Bohemian Rhapsody?
Yeah.
Oh my god, I can't wait to play these on Pro Expert.
Because then once I learn how to do it, you can actually go to a real keyboard.
What about that guitar though? $150.
I don't need it.
I don't need it.
But there'll be some people that want it.
There's some people that are pretty hardcore.
All right.
One more story from me for you guys, and that has to do with Comic-Con.
Obviously, there has been like a games invasion at Comic-Con this year.
Lots and lots of stuff being shown.
I just wanted to run down for you guys.
I mean, it's almost like half of Comic-Con is basically E3 all over again, but even some new stuff, as we heard earlier, with Street Fighter X Tekken and vice versa.
Yeah.
Activision is there Activision is showing off a Spider-Man game which I don't think made it to the cut for our show tonight but apparently I'm hearing a lot of early buzz on the Spider-Man game that it's going to blow all the others out of the water which won't take much but there you go they're also showing Guitar Hero and Call of Duty as well Capcom's there showing Marvel vs. Capcom 3 that's obviously their big big thing that they're pushing understandably but obviously they're going to work in plugs for Dead Rising 2 and El Camino and all this other stuff
EA is apparently there too.
They actually took Rock Band 3 to the show because, you know, when I think comic books, I think Rock Band 3 in my living room.
Dead Space 2 is there.
Dragon Age 2 is supposedly there and playable, which is more than they had at E3.
Again, yet another game.
Hudson is there too.
Bomberman Live apparently they're showing.
Konami is there.
Hideo Kojima, Nintendo, Metroid Other M, Dragon Quest IX, Sony Computer Entertainment, LittleBigPlanet 2, Killzone 3, Gran Turismo 5
among other things.
And of course, Warner Brothers had to take Super Scribblenauts to their massive booth they have.
And then Microsoft and Xbox took their Summer of Arcade lineup there.
That of course includes Limbo, Hydro Thunder, the new Tomb Raider game, among other things.
And THQ's there.
Lots and lots of video games.
Square Enix, I guess, is there showing off Final Fantasy IV Heroes of Light.
No word on if they're showing 14, though.
Which, by the way, I did give the beta another try this week.
And?
I got other stuff to play this fall.
Sorry.
No, sir, he did not like it.
It looks really good.
It's pretty.
Gorgeous.
It's really pretty.
But, you know, a pretty painting.
Wah, wah.
Final Fantasy XIV Final Fantasy XIV Final Fantasy XIV
I like that description.
I like that, too.
All right.
Hey, how about we stop looking at new games and take a trip down memory lane?
It's a segment on the show here we call the Classic Game of the Week.
And every week, DarkSakura likes to go into the vault and find one game that she's been playing and say, Hey, you kids and your comic cons and your newfangled stuff need to take a minute to respect...
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Hydro Thunder!
Hydro Thunder.
Let me fire up some music here from Hydro Thunder.
Hydro, choose your track!
Arctic Circle!
This is the sequel this weekend.
I love the name of that ship.
Damn the torpedoes.
That's the one that Dan would always use.
At any rate, it was part of the Thunder series of games.
This game came out in 1999 and had a Dreamcast release.
And then it came out for PlayStation and Nintendo 64 in 2000.
The other Thunder games is Offroad Thunder, Four Wheel Thunder, and Arctic Thunder, which Arctic Thunder is pretty damn fun.
Anyway, it's racing with boats.
You have places like the Arctic Circle, and you have New York Disaster, which is sort of a post-apocalyptic.
You've got the Greek Isles and Thunder Park, which is like a whole rally type of setting with water.
You've got different booths all over the place.
Ones that will...
The Red Ones, um...
they give you more fuel as opposed to the blue ones so you do have a fuel gauge at least as far as your boosts are concerned and then with boosting you can actually do jumps or you can knock boats sort of off the track and it's pretty cool the arcade cabinet was the same type of cabinet as Cruisin' USA and Off-Road Thunder except it didn't have the flip pedals that use the throttle
and, um, it had, um, an interesting type of volume deal where, um... He just ran over a penguin, that bastard!
I'm just saying.
It had a subwoofer in the seat, so you could feel like you were actually on a boat.
I'm on a boat!
With your boats, you had the easy ones, you had four categories.
There were easy, medium, hard, and bonus.
With easy, you had damn the torpedoes, midway, and misbehave.
It had a big fan instead of a propeller.
Medium Boats, you had Banshee, Tidal Blade, Thresher.
And the Tidal Blade is the cover for the Dreamcast thing.
The hard ones, you had Cutthroat, Radhazard, that was sort of like UFO, and Razorback.
That one was on the PlayStation and 1064 ones.
And if you pick one of those, they say, you're crazy.
Whoa, your mic cut out again.
What?
Something is weird in that connection.
I don't know what it is.
I'll use the other one.
How's this?
Perfect.
With the bonus boats, you had Tiny Tanic, which was a small version of the Titanic.
And you had the Blowfish and Chumdinger, which was a fishing boat.
It would actually bark at the other boats.
You also have Armed Response, which is the police boats with the turret guns.
There was all the different tracks, like I mentioned.
We had Thunder Park, Lost Island, The Arctic Circle, then going into Medium, we had Lake Powell, which is one that was really fun.
It's like a lake in the middle of Utah that's actually the same Lake Powell is supposed to be.
There's a Far East, Greek Isles, and then the hard tracks, there was Ship Graveyard, Venice Canals, and New York Disaster, which New York Disaster was actually kind of my favorite.
And then the bonus ones, you had Castle Von Dandy, Nile Adventure, which was the longest tracking game, Catacombs, and Hydra Speedway, which was the one that was the rally style.
There were different versions, of course.
Like I said, there was the Dreamcast one.
The PlayStation one had a career mode in it.
The Dreamcast, though, was closest to the arcade of any of the consoles.
Nintendo 64 version was actually amazingly fun and really good for what it was.
It had a four-player multiplayer instead of two-player.
And you could do that with the Nintendo 64 expansion pack.
And the Dreamcast version is the one that's on Midway Arcade Treasures 3.
There's also a PC version that was out in Europe.
The Dreamcast version was one of the Sega All-Star titles.
And...
there is going to be a sequel out well there's a spiritual sequel already out called H2 Overdrive which is pretty fun the original team that worked on Hydro Thunder did H2 Overdrive through Raw Thrills and then Hydro Thunder Hurricane is going to be out on Xbox Live Arcade and Microsoft bought the rights after Midway was acquired by Warner Brothers so there you have it
Alright, your classic game of the week, Hydro Thunder.
Damn the torpedoes.
Good pick.
I remember playing this at RVGL to cool off between DDR.
And this is one game that Dan picked out that I actually went with.
Alright.
Well, thank you, Dan.
Since he's not here, butthead.
Well, he should be listening to this show every week.
Right.
All right.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for Part A here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But hey, we have plenty more show to go.
We got your Twitter topics coming up in Part B. We're going to be talking Mega Man Universe, a little more about StarCraft II, Phantasy Star Universe.
Yes, a four-year-old game we'll be talking about as well because there's some new news and, of course, our rapid-fire news.
All when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
All that good stuff.
So we'll get into Twitter topics in just a little bit.
Of course, we have to do Rapid Fire News in just a moment.
But I want to talk about this real quick.
Remember last week on the show we had a story about the Kmart was going to start to post reviews from their website.
They would actually post them on the shelves of the story.
You guys remember us talking about this?
Okay.
Well, apparently 
Well, we told our listeners that they should start writing these completely nonsensical, like stupid things and submit them into the Kmart reviews and that would be really funny just to like flood their reviews with a bunch of dumb stuff.
Well, we had at least one listener submit one review.
So thank you to that one individual who did.
SSJ100Matt sent this in.
I love it.
He submitted a review of Red Dead Redemption and it's on the PlayStation 3 and I love this.
You have to check this out because you Bomani fans will get a kick out of this.
This game is Dynamite Rave.
It's a review by Mr. Spanky.
Wow, I can't stop falling in love with this game.
This game has you go west to play the hero and tackle the hysteria of the end of the century Wild West.
You can drop out of the story mode at any time and dive into the online multiplayer with your friends.
Be for you.
Head over to buy this.
Be sure to bring your ID to show to the kind lady at Kmart because it's rated M for Mature.
Put your faith in me.
This game is sweet like candy.
Alsoholic.
So you should proceed immediately to Kmart's website and upvote that review.
And write more, because that's great.
I know not everybody's going to get that joke, but for the Bomani folks, that's awesome.
For those that don't, go write something even worse.
Good times on Kmart reviews.
Alright, let's get into the rapid fire news and some actual gaming news that happened this week.
Stuff we have in short little bites for you guys.
Loki.
7 part epic, 2112
and uh i guess it's a few parts that are progressive rock and then uh i don't know i've never heard the song but that's a long ass song 20 minutes that's ridiculous that's almost like that one achievement in rock band that you have to play like every single song in the game and it takes on like an hour or two
Yeah, that makes me think of Inigata... Is my mic working?
I think barely.
It's wired for Jamie, not you.
Try giving that one to Jamie and use that one.
Live radio, yay.
As far as epic songs for a rock band, since they have a keyboard, they should do Inigata De Vida, which I think is a good 23 minutes with the keyboards.
Good times.
That song is one whole hallucination.
Something else that was at Comic-Con this week, and I don't even know why it was at Comic-Con.
It's like Kencha Hulk type of stuff.
But apparently they had a game from an independent developer called Bobo's.
Big Adventure and you may not remember Abobo but sadly I think I do Abobo is from Double Dragon yes and Abobo's Big Adventure has him going through a bunch of 8-bit NES classics kind of parody style it is a PC game but they had it displayed on a cabinet I would like to read this brief I'm sure this game is extremely legal
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you for watching!
It was like all of NES stuff was out to get him.
It only felt better when an 8-bit bystander walked up to Bobo and he ripped his head off and ate it and then used his body to fight a charging skateboarder from TNC Surf.
What?
Another level called Super Mabobo found Bobo in a jail cell.
After picking up trash and eating it, Bobo had to use the cell toilet.
Something he ate must not have been agreed with him because a massive vertical column of shit came out of his ass and somehow had him flying over the toilet and falling down into...
You're just making this up.
I feel like a bunch of 19-year-olds got really high one night.
And in between eating Cheetos, they just started talking.
And somebody was like, dude, dude, that's really good.
Dude, that's hella funny, dude.
Dude, you should write that down.
Dude.
And they did.
It's like things to get posted to Newgrounds when you're blackout drunk, basically.
It's funny that you should mention that at Newgrounds, because that's where this game will be featured at some point.
What a surprise!
What a goddamn surprise!
I'm gonna fall over and die from that surprise.
So, yeah, Bobo's Big Adventure is supposed to be out in December.
It looks funny, I guess.
I don't know.
Um, and then finally... That plot he read sounded like the plot to The Poop That Took a Pee.
The Poop That Took a Pee.
It was on an episode of South Park.
I remember that.
As narrated by Morgan Freeman.
Right?
It was Morgan Freeman?
It was Morgan Freeman.
The Pope that took a pee.
By Leopold Butterscotch.
Anything.
Legend of Mana is going to be the next game hitting the Japanese PlayStation 1 classics.
Nice.
On the PlayStation Network, of course.
Legend of Mana.
It'll be out next week.
Worst game ever.
For $600 to $650.
That means it's going to be to other regions soon.
Speaking of poops that took a pee, Legend of Mana is seriously my least favorite PlayStation game.
I was so disappointed in that game.
I realize it has its fans and what have you, but I was expecting...
What I think was really, and keep in mind, this was many years ago.
I didn't know there was this whole import gaming scene and everything.
So in my mind, what really was second Datsetsu 3, I thought was what I was going to get with Legend of Mana.
And then it was like, I don't understand.
What is this?
But you liked it, didn't you, Alan?
You were telling me one day.
I did.
I did like it.
I played it all the way through.
I did every little stupid quest.
Gosh, you probably like Saga Frontier, too.
Well, I had the Japanese one.
That game was terrible.
It was so heavy language-wise, I couldn't play it very well.
Do you like the Saga series, too?
No, not really.
I was really excited about Saga Frontier because it made it sound like Chrono Trigger with the combo attacks.
And I played it, and yeah, that was pretty awful.
It lasted an hour.
Yeah, it lasted about an hour, too.
I was like, this game's terrible.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to some other quick news.
Hey, up there in Canada, you're going to be getting Netflix finally.
Of course, I'm talking about Canada.
I'm not that stupid.
Canada is finally getting Netflix.
Actually, I got to be honest.
I didn't realize they didn't already have it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So you'll be able to get this in Canada on the 360, the PS3, and Wii.
So they're being a little vague on if it's going to be the exact same movies and so forth because of clearances and so forth.
But they do give you the nice little marketing fluff of Canadian Netflix members will be able to instantly watch a broad array of movies and TV episodes right on their TVs via a range of consumer electronic devices capable of streaming from Netflix as well as PCs and Macs.
So
Yeah, you're going to be getting it, but it's probably not going to look the exact same as it does here, at least not right away.
Joystick had emailed Netflix looking for comment, and Netflix responded to the big blog, We're not announcing the Netflix-ready devices until the service launches, but it's fair to assume that several popular brand-name devices will be capable of streaming from Netflix to TVs at launch, in addition to the ability to watch instantly on computers, and that will add to the family of devices over time.
So hooray for you guys in Canada, I suppose.
Plants vs. Zombies is going to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, finally.
Early September.
I played this on an iPad this week a little bit, because I was looking at an iPad.
I wanted to buy one, and then I thought...
I already have an iPod.
Castlevania Puzzle Encore of the Night is now available on the App Store.
It's actually getting pretty decent reviews, so I checked it out.
I haven't been able to play it myself, but just if you were curious, it is now available on the App Store, so I'll have to check that out at some point.
Sadly, I can't do it right now because I'm trying to do a show.
DarkSakura.
In other news, we have LittleBigPlanet 2 dated for the 16th of November here in the U.S.
The European date's not out yet.
And the collector's edition will have a plushie sack boy and bookends.
There will be different pre-order and exclusive costumes and five LittleBigPlanet 2 PlayStation Network avatars, which should be $80.
Something sounds gross about plushy sack boy.
If you squeeze him, he goes plush on you.
And then for our downloads for the UK, we've got 3D Space Tank, DSiWare, also known as Xscape.
Then we've got...
As soon as it loads, because my computer's slow.
Minor Disturbance, M-I-N-E-R, which is for iPhone.
It's 99 pence.
Astro Dodge, which is also for iPhone, for 1.24.
Sorry, it's taking a while.
Pearl Harbor Trilogy, 1941, Red Sun Rising for WiiWare, 700 Wii Points.
Crossfire, Xbox Live Indie Games, and that's it.
Now, we also have other cool news for those of us who are Capcom fans, is that they're doing an online version of Street Fighter III Third Strike, which they're calling it...
Street Fighter 3 Third Strike Online which is an update to the Dreamcast one but you want to know what they already made it and I already own it it was the for matching service you remember how when everything has a long title I usually end for matching service on it that's it it came out in Japan already so I've already got it yeah but most people over here never heard of it so you know with the success of their online games I'm assuming they're just giving this the old Xbox Live Arcade update correct
Yeah, pretty much.
Wow, that mic sucks, Jamie.
I don't know what to say.
No, it's probably me because my voice isn't very... No, I mean you cut completely out.
It's the cord.
It's not your voice.
Well, shit.
Exactly, huh?
I'll take Alan's mic.
Thank you.
You're being nice for sharing.
Let's move on to some Twitter topics.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
You guys send us tweets every week and we respond to them live on air.
Maybe there's stories we didn't get around to sharing.
Who knows what it's all about.
We're going to start off with Deathwishing tonight.
Do you guys hate Kotek2, the evil CEO?
He's my least favorite human being next to Aquaman.
Do we hate Bobby Kotick?
Hate is a strong word.
And yes.
But yes.
TigerClaw305 sends us a link.
He always sends us great links.
Disney is in talks apparently to buy Playdom.
Playdom, by the way, made such awesome Facebook games like Sorority Life.
Disney bought what?
Tapulous?
And so now Disney is in talks with Playdom.
Buy them out for $500 million is what they're saying.
Again, these are all rumors, but Disney's going to use this company to incorporate its popular brands and characters into social games.
Playdom, by the way, is based out of Mountain View, California.
I never knew that.
That's not that far away.
So yeah, there you go.
Apparently Disney might use its ESPN brands on some of this as well.
Could be very interesting.
Playdom ranks third behind Zynga and Playfish, by the way, just so you know, of big social game companies.
Let's see.
Some folks retweeting our congratulatory message to Bobby.
So, congrats, Bobby.
Let's see.
Spazinator says, Do you think we'll ever see a Mortal Kombat vs. Street Fighter game?
There's been a lot of talk tonight about Street Fighter X Tekken.
What about the two ultimate, I guess in some regards, maybe even top, if you dare go there, fighting game franchises, Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat?
Could it ever happen?
What do you guys think?
Could Street Fighter vs. Mortal Kombat ever happen?
It could if they play nice with Warner.
I mean, obviously they're playing nice with other publishers.
It could happen.
Whether it will happen or not, I don't know.
I think someone did a Mugen one where they took the Street Fighter movie ones and the old Mortal Kombat that were all the image capture and did a Mugen version.
Just do Thrill Kill again.
Thrill Kill was horrible.
Yeah, see, I don't see a game where Sakura gets her spine ripped out.
I just, I can't, I can't.
There is something wrong with that.
Like, how would you feel about that, DarkSakura, if there was a game where you could just, like, totally rip Sakura's arms off?
Well, as long as they included a non-blacked out Shingo Kusatsu.
Damn it!
Am I in now?
Yeah.
Okay.
I was basically saying if they included a non-blacked out version of the Shingo Kusatsu with all kinds of beating up and breaking noses and bones and having it be really destructive and leave them as a bloody pulp, then maybe I could deal with it.
I don't know there just would have to be too much compromise one way or the other I just don't see like Street Fighter and Tekken kind of makes sense and as much as I love Soul Calibur like it wouldn't make sense like the Street Fighter people don't use weapons weapons are a huge part of Soul Calibur it wouldn't make sense so but Street Fighter, Tekken yeah I get that I get it
All right, let's see.
Other comments on our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
SJ100Matt is sending us a tweet.
Is Capcom jumping the shark releasing all of these versus games all at once?
I'm excited, but this should have happened 10 years ago.
Honestly, thank Street Fighter 4.
I honestly think Street Fighter 4 is the reason for a lot of this.
And I think the really warm reception the community had to this kind of made them decide to listen to the fans a little more.
And now they are just giving fans what they want left and right.
It's kind of like, what game do you want?
Oh, well, here you go then.
It's kind of where Capcom is going lately, you know.
So, I don't know.
DarkSakura, do you think this is too much or not enough or what?
I think it's just right.
All right.
Alright, and last tweet from RockmanRock.
That's not a redundant name at all.
I love that name.
RockmanRock.
Why are you guys so awesome?
Is the tweet.
Why are you guys so awesome?
I was born that way.
That's very nice.
Some days I do think I'm awesome, but some days I don't feel so awesome.
Oh, Rob, why not?
I just, you know, some days are harder than others.
But your tweets help me get through the day.
I appreciate it.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send us some tweets.
For now, more news, Loki.
So, apparently their Rockstar is cracking down on Red Dead Redemption cheaters.
Now, I have a problem with them saying that, because that's not exactly what's going on here.
They're cutting... I guess they're cracking down on people that are utilizing glitches in the game.
For example, they're saying that people are glitching into parts of the map that you're not supposed to be able to glitch into.
Like, for example, there's a...
Uh, a house that's in kind of the Mexico part of the game where you can actually kind of aim at or walk into the corner of a wall and you'll clip through the ground and you can shoot at stuff underneath it.
And apparently people are pissed off that they're getting shot by people that they can't shoot back at.
And so because of that, you know, they're going to start patching the game or fixing it so they can't clip through these different things.
whatever fine do that people will just find other glitches since the game is super glitchy but it's not legitimate cheating say you know where they've modded the game to make their guns fire rockets or something like that like that happens in Grand Theft Auto like crazy no one's figured out how to do that yet
Exploits are not hacks.
There's a huge difference between an exploit and a hack.
Exactly.
I don't understand why people are up in arms about this crap because you just don't go where those players are then because you can see them on the map.
They're not invisible.
Obviously, if they're under a building or something and they keep shooting at you...
Then perhaps you should walk away from them.
I also agree that exploits are not cheating because I've played a lot of these online games, kind of like fan games.
Don't make fun of me, okay?
Of Survivor and Big Brother and a lot of those reality shows that have very game-centric things.
And people will put together challenges, and I love to find loopholes in the challenge rules and win every time.
I do that.
Immunity is very important.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and kind of figuring out how they did different things and it makes me a better player.
Now granted, it's not like I'm using modded weapons that fire rockets at people like crazy and there's lots of people out there that do that.
There's a difference between utilizing the nuances of the game, the different glitches and actually cheating in a game to the point that it's an unfair advantage.
Knowledge is not cheating.
Cheating is cheating.
Alright, and if you cheat in an online game, you're kind of a dick anyway.
Unless you're cheating with your friends and you all agree that cheating's okay.
That's different.
Well, if you're doing that, like the modded games that we'll play against each other, that's not necessarily cheating.
It's just you're playing with a whole different set of rules now.
It's having more fun.
It's a mod.
It's not cheating.
DarkSakura.com
Remember, always, I want to be with you
I almost forgot to show that to Loki, but something reminded me of that earlier.
I knew it was out.
Other people were like, I can't believe you made me buy that game because you keep talking about it.
I'm like, I haven't played it in months now.
You were playing it last week on the show.
I was not playing it last week on the show.
Two weeks ago on the show.
It wasn't two weeks ago either.
Yes, it was.
I'll go in the archives and find it.
If you turn up the music really loud in the background, you'll hear...
Always I wanna be with you
Anyhow, no, really, it's about the Mega Man universe.
A little more information, I mean, little, little more information at Comic-Con this week from Akiko Ito actually talked about this a little bit.
He's the producer.
I'm sorry, actually, it's Kenji Inafune actually talked about this.
He's the producer of Mega Man universe.
And no, he's the creator of Mega Man.
No, he's a homeless man.
I don't know who he is.
Kenji Inafune is the creator of Mega Man and Akiko Ito is the Mega Man Universe producer.
There we go.
Can't you tell I'm like totally up on my video game trivia?
Anyway, Mega Man Universe, of course, is coming out eventually.
And they say it will let you play as the Mega Man of your dreams.
The concept of Mega Man Universe, quote, came from the idea of what Mega Man is and what it means to different people.
everyone has a unique idea of what Mega Man is and they even referred to the quote crappy version of Mega Man from the original cartridge that character they don't know about they didn't really say like what the game really really is but a lot of people are inferring like maybe it's just like that and I think Loki said this last week on the show it's kind of like that Nintendo championships or whatever they call that game with all the Nintendo characters the Nintendo crossover game Mario crossover right
And the crowd promptly started shouting Mega Man Legends 3.
and he just smiled and said thank you and didn't confirm oh god I hope so it better not be we only cause I will be pissed the game will also not be out for a while I don't know what a while is but it's gonna be a while
Sorry.
I want to know where the universe thing is, if that means online or if that's because of all the characters in it.
I think it's because it's going to have all the different games in it.
Be in another galaxy.
Thank you, DarkTetsuya.
Super Mario Crossover.
That's what I was thinking of.
Alright, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Stuff.
This is for Marvel vs. Capcom, actually, which is some pretty cool stuff, I'd like to say.
Four new characters have been confirmed at Comic-Con.
We have her, Chun-Li.
Yay, I like Chun-Li.
I'm like that hater over there.
Hater.
Dr. Doom, because all must fall before Doom.
The Super Scroll, which is... I have to mention real quick, I saw a custom license plate the other day that said, I am Doom.
That's cool.
That is pretty cool.
Okay.
So yeah, Doctor Doom is the Super Skrull who is a newbie in the versus whole deal.
And he's, I guess, going to have all the powers of the Fantastic Four.
And Trish.
Trish.
In the teaser trailer, there was an outline of the beautiful Joe.
So, pretty cool.
Trish.
Leathery, tasty.
Didn't they also announce the... Am I jumping ahead?
I'm sorry.
What?
The dog from Okami?
I think, yeah.
I saw a video.
Amaratsu is confirmed.
Yeah.
It's awesome.
If I said that right.
Yeah.
Good times.
Alright.
Yeah, that's... And also Thor.
Thor.
Yeah, so I guess there's a lot of characters they're showing.
Good times.
Loki, what do you got for us?
I'm suing you over My Baby.
Apparently... Now who that is?
My Baby Mama?
Now who that is?
Southview Games is taking legal action against Majesco specifically regarding the right to publishing My Baby titles in the United States.
This was spurred by an announcement last month that Majesco would publish My Baby 3 and Friends, an action South Peak claims Majesco wasn't legally allowed to take.
for its part as Southweek issued this statement on the impeding litigation.
We are exceptionally proud of our success in making the My Baby franchise in North America.
Our innovative sales, marketing, and PR strategies brought My Baby to a huge audience and built a loyal fan base for future products.
Oh, where?
Okay.
South Peak continues to hold the rights to subsequent My Baby games, and we intend to vigorously protect those rights.
Additionally, we've confirmed that while South Peak claims a contractual right to publish subsequent My Baby games in the U.S., Noblis owns the My Baby IP.
So, it's up to, I guess, Noblis to decide, I guess, who publishes what.
And... Yeah, so, basically, they're just complaining about that, but...
I don't know.
I think it's dumb.
Honestly, I know that my BB games sell somewhat because people like their sim games and little girls love this stuff.
But, I mean, honestly, we're talking like these games sell maybe, maybe 200,000 units.
I mean, those are like eye of judgment numbers there.
I mean, to give you an example of how much these fail.
So, I don't know.
I'm surprised that they wouldn't be suing like for say babysitting mama or something like that I'm surprised these games are such a big fucking deal in the first place you'd be surprised like those Imagine games they're terrible they have so many that come out they sell and even like Lillis Pet Shop which I hate you EA and your fucking three versions of the game that you gotta put out each year those sell well too it's just weird
Alright, well, this is also kind of weird, but cool, I guess, that it was considered, but it didn't happen.
This was running on a website, I've not heard of these guys before, but GamerANX.com was running this story, and it kind of caught wind and ended up on a lot of game blogs this week, and it was a comment that Rahul Sood, the Voodoo PC founder, and he's also the current CTO of gaming at Hewlett Packard, he actually revealed a couple months ago that there was a secret project
or an interesting one or a quiet one nonetheless.
At Microsoft, it would have allowed PC gamers to actually match up with console players.
So it wouldn't just be like Final Fantasy XI wouldn't be the only game that would be cross-platform.
It isn't the only game.
What else is cross-platform?
Shadowrun was cross-platform.
That's right, okay.
And also I believe there was another strategy game that was...
Thanks for watching!
I've heard from reliable sources that during the development they brought together the best console gamers to play mediocre PC gamers at the same game.
And guess what happened?
They pitted console gamers with their console controller against PC gamers with their keyboard and mouse.
The console players got destroyed every time.
So much so that it would be embarrassing to the Xbox team in general had Microsoft launched this initiative.
There's a little bit of that that sounds fanboy-y to me, especially knowing that these other games are out there.
What are you coughing about over there?
When we played Left 4 Dead online together on our PCs and I found out that you were playing with the Xbox controller, I was giving you side-eye for that reason.
Why?
I was doing fine.
Mouse and keyboard is superior.
And now this is the story.
I tell you, if they had cross-platform play on Grand Theft Auto, I would eat up any PC player.
Out there, I would destroy them But that's not a first person shooter It doesn't matter, it still has first person shooter Kind of controls I would destroy them All of them I don't give a shit if you're using a tomato To control the game
I will destroy you.
But I mean, it wouldn't be that damn hard.
There's USB ports.
I mean, would it be really difficult to, I don't know, map keys in a game or something?
Or use a mouse?
Here's the funny thing.
You can plug in a keyboard.
I used to use a keyboard on Final Fantasy XI.
Well, you can for certain games.
But I guess if you buy certain accessories...
There's ways to kind of shoehorn it in there, but why they don't offer it as an actual solution for, you know, say Call of Duty and stuff like that is beyond me because I think that'd be a great idea.
But then again, they wouldn't be able to sell accessories like they do.
I don't really think it's a big deal because most people will probably buy a controller anyways.
They're not going to just use strictly keyboard mouse for everything, but it'd be kind of cool.
And I wonder if they could actually do that, like have support for that.
I'm trying to look at some of our comments in our chat room chat.orange.radio.com Legend of Zaku is saying, Loki, prepare for an ass whooping with an 8 year old Logitech mouse I think, uh, but unfortunately you can't, I mean, you can't you can't with Grand Theft Auto because it's not well, obviously because it's not cross you know, cross platform especially if it's on 360 there's nothing cross platform anymore so that's too bad Bonds006 in our chat says, I will die with a keyboard in my hands
Aw.
I've tried playing Keyboard Mouse.
I just, I don't, don't like it.
You have to play Team Fortress 2 with it.
Like, you can't use a controller in Team Fortress 2 and it's probably part of the reason I'm forced to play a medic because you don't really have to aim very well.
You should play on the 360.
I guess I could.
But then I'd have to buy the game again.
I already bought it on Steam.
I remember when Left 4 Dead 2 came out last November and there was a lot of drama on a lot of the major blogs like Joystick and Kotaku who played the 360 version of the game and they gave it mediocre reviews saying it was too hard.
And then the sites that reviewed it on PC said it was fine.
And I guess the people playing it on Xbox 360 just couldn't... They just kept getting wiped out.
So I think the game was developed for both platforms but the keyboard and mouse people just...
Hand Advantage.
I don't know.
Just keep fanning those flames.
Just keep fanning those flames.
It's like, why did you give that game a 7?
It all came down to the controller, according to the reviewers.
Again, I hate to keep going back to this, and it's not a first-person shooter, but Final Fantasy XI, you could play with a controller in that game, and Jamie did, and she did quite well with it.
I mean, you have to set up your macros in advance, but you can do it.
But I had the triggers on top and I would just cycle through my macros through my trigger buttons.
And Rob saw me do it.
The complete edition was like five bucks on Steam this week.
I saw that.
It was a part of me that just kind of wanted to play it for a month.
Really?
It really was going to come down to if you want to do games that are cross-platform like that and you want to have everybody on kind of the same page, you need to make the controls more console-friendly, I guess, because that's what they're doing with DC Universe is they're making the stuff kind of translate over.
The controls are simple as it is, and so it translates over well to the actual controller.
I was you know what's funny and I don't know if I should be repeating this but I was told at E3 that the part of the reason why the games are not cross server at this time is because it played so much differently on the PC versus the PlayStation 3 and that one was having an advantage over the other and I wonder if it comes down to this whole same issue it's the PlayStation controller versus keyboard mouse could be
I'll play Warcraft with a keyboard and mouse.
I couldn't play that with a controller.
I don't even think you can play that with a controller.
I don't know, but it'd be weird.
For example, when I play PC games, I use an Xbox 360 controller a lot of times.
Grand Theft Auto and Crysis, I played with a 360 controller.
It worked great for me.
I never had any problems getting killed.
I don't want to keep on with this debate.
I want to hear what our folks have to say in the mailbag.
But one more story from DarkSakura about another MMO, right?
Yeah, for Phantasy Star Universe, they're getting a pretty big update.
There is going to be the Ambition of the Illuminous expansion, which is a free download.
I paid $15 for Abortion of the Illuminous like two years ago.
Bastards.
Hmm.
The Guardians Advanced Content is an automated update for the subscribers with new missions, weapons, items, customization system, and an overhaul of the game's classes and skills.
And Guardians will require Ambition of the Illuminous to work.
So that's why it's free, pretty much.
And...
I guess they're basically taking into account all of the problems that people had with Phantasy Star Universe.
All the stuff they took away from online that made it so much more fun.
I do think PSO was more fun.
You think it's worth revisiting?
Maybe.
I don't know that I want to play it on the 360.
Maybe.
DarkSakura.com
I'm not going to fully review the Puzzle Agent game as it's much like Professor Layton.
It's on Steam by Telltale Games who say my Max episodes sold well.
Let's say it's a game where you are in a town with OCD about puzzles.
There's very little point and click where you play trading games to advance is mostly all dialogue and puzzles.
I'm also playing the game La Di Da, and suddenly the game ends at what is typically the middle of the story.
I'm not upset about the game being too short.
I'm mad because the game was not listed as episodic, either that or I completely missed it.
A game like this is typically $5, but they have a single illustrator, so perhaps that bumped the game up to $10.
I'm also into Xbox Live Arcade game Limbo.
The game reminds me a lot of Out of This World.
That's because you are alone and the world feels completely alien despite the familiar setting of a forest.
If Sky remembers, I made a little big planet level in the same style called UFO Story and then they came.
It was gray silhouettes, foggy, and had strange lighting effects.
Limbo even had a tire swing at the beginning of the game.
I'm taking no credit, though.
It had to be coincidence.
Plus, my LittleBigPlanet level is nowhere near as good as Limbo.
In fact, it gets tedious.
Although I'm very proud of the spinning boss at the end, that foggy gray noir setting is nothing new in games.
By the way, it took me a good 80 hours to make that LittleBigPlanet level.
LittleBigPlanet construction is not for the dabbler.
A somewhat okay level takes 80 hours.
I wonder what a good or great level takes.
I do remember that level, and when I read the email earlier this week, I actually was like, oh yeah, it kind of did have that same kind of look and feel to it.
It's kind of funny.
I totally remember what you're talking about, Robbaba.
I'm going to Disney World.
Again.
Bring me back some pins, dude.
Jerk.
I want to go to Disney World.
I want some pins.
Can I go to Disney World?
Rob and I trade pins.
Last one is from Troy.
Hey, OLR, Troy again.
Have you guys seen the new Halo Reach Forge mode?
I don't know how big of FPS fans you guys are, but if you like Halo, the new Forge is like a little big planet for Halo.
Also, I went on a Super Stardust HD week and hopefully made it pretty high on the ranking list for the big battle.
Also, people who have the games and are listening really should join the big battle.
I know I was bored of video games until this came up, but now I think I love competitive gaming again.
And that's it.
Oh, well, I'm sure the folks that put that all together will be very nice to hear that.
Yep.
I'd be very happy to hear that.
Okay.
Let's move on.
Angst.
This is the part of the show where we get out our angst.
It's called the FUs of the Week.
Okay.
Okay, the first one would be me, wouldn't it?
F you to the hole in my hand, because, okay, it was fine with just the stitches, because it would pull a little bit and it was alright, but now it's like my hand is a lot more sore than it was last week since the stitches came out.
especially with that hole that now I have to do extra stuff to keep it closed and wear thick bandages on my palm it just makes my hand hurt a whole lot more and the sad thing with that is that typing on my keyboard hurts a lot and like I'll message people a little bit but like using my mouse hurts too but if I'm doing the two of them together then it really hurts and that's actually made it hard for me to play Star Trek Online
So, I haven't been doing all the gaming, haven't been really doing that much chatting online or anything.
It's just, it's just really sore.
Actually, the whole, the weird problem about it is that even though it's sore up at the top of my palm, the back of my hand is really sore too.
And I think it's where the bruise was left over from where they did the blood drain.
So, I'm just sore and it makes me a grumpy, grumpy, grumpy girl.
Like grumpier than usual?
That's really grumpy.
I'm quite grumpy.
Alright.
You need some more vitamin B. No, I don't need more vitamin B. I need ice cream.
I want ice cream.
I don't work tomorrow, just saying.
Loki.
F you to whoever was causing some crime today on Greenback Lane.
They actually had the whole street blocked off with police tape.
It was ridiculous.
So we had to go way around it, and I dislike that.
And bad drivers.
Could people stop being stupid?
Like, just in general.
I'm not talking to you.
The listeners of this show clearly are not stupid because they're listening to this show.
But just like the people out there, instead of listening to this show, that are out there on Greenback Avenue shooting each other, stop being stupid.
Seriously.
Seriously.
Alright, let's see.
My FU of the week, I'm going to give an FU to Apple.
I know, Loki's in heaven right now, but I think it's total bullshit that they released this OS that screws up my old phone, forcing me to get a new phone, but the new phone is not available anywhere.
It's bullshit!
I'm actually contemplating getting a different phone right now because I'm thinking like I can get the iPad it does everything the phone does but then I'm still I know I'm still biting the hand that I want to protest and I'm a hypocrite and blah blah blah but let's face it the iPhone is now kind of a gaming platform there's a lot I'm missing out on if I don't have one Salacious Pop what are your FUs of the week?
F you to the month of July.
I'm usually endeared to this month because it's my birthday month, but a lot of people that I follow on LiveJournal that I've been reading for years have been having to deal with sudden deaths of family members and their partners, and I have a friend who had to have ankle surgery.
Due to complications from his ankle surgery, he now has pneumonia.
Figure that one out.
So yeah, it's been a really hard month for a lot of people that I care about online.
So that just sucks that I can't really be there for them because they live far away.
F you to distance and people that are far away that you can't be there for.
Yeah.
I get that.
It sucks.
All right.
I have another one.
Quickly.
My brother's crazy.
F you to his brain disease.
Mine too, but in a whole different way.
He's a special kind of crazy, but we won't get into that on this episode of Ricky Lake.
All right, Loki, some gaming news, and then we'll get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Loki.
Yes, not to be outdone by Google, YouTube also has an Easter egg on it that allows you to play a game.
Apparently, if you go to Google, or not Google, YouTube, it's owned by Google now so it doesn't matter.
if you go to youtube.com and pull up any video whatever hold down the left arrow on your keyboard and after a few seconds you should be able to play the game Snake over the top of the video I used to love Snake on the old cell phones fun times
That's what I need to do.
I'm going to go trade in my iPhone and go get me one of those old-ass Nokia phones that have Snake on it.
Good times.
Does this still work?
You can probably get Snake for iPhone.
It's not the same.
It's not the same.
As much as I appreciate YYR, one of the listeners of the show, and I do think Snake 360 is a good game, it's just not the same as playing it on the old-school cell phone.
You know what I mean?
All right.
One other story for you guys, then we're going to get to the Skype line, 877-GAME-OLR, yada, yada.
This is about StarCraft II.
This is a StarCraft II story.
They're saying the launch for this is going to be big, big, huge, gigantic, because lots of stores are doing the midnight releases, of course.
This game's been, what, like 10 years in the making?
Blizzard is not saying how many copies of the game has been preordered, because they don't get into that.
Thank you for watching!
The story that I'm reading from the Orange County Register which is not a video game site specifically Blizzard obviously is in Anaheim which is kind of Orange County They are talking about this 18 year old who apparently plans to wait 72 hours in line for StarCraft 2 When asked why he said It's really hard to explain, I don't know, it's just something I'm crazy enough to enjoy I guess if people can stand in line for Twilight for that long I guess they can do it for StarCraft 2
Anyhow, World of Warcraft Wrath of the Lich King sold 2.8 million copies when it came out in the first 24 hours.
They think this could possibly top it.
One thing, though, that is not going to help sell the game is reviews.
There will be no reviews of StarCraft II Wings of Liberty before it launches on Tuesday.
The press will be reviewing the game when everybody else does.
I guess the publisher feels that the Battle.net service and the online features is so essential to the game that opening them up early when it's not really ready to go for the press to review it could be detrimental to the game.
Yeah, because people will pirate it like they already know the copies have already come out, but you can't play it until the bell and then servers are up.
There's going to be a day one patch for the game in order to give the developer, quote, a little bit more time to sort of get their ducks in a row.
That's basically telling me the game's not really totally ready and it comes out, oh, Tuesday.
So kind of what Alan was saying earlier, why don't you just wait three months for them to just actually get the game working?
There's a lot of pressure on at Blizzard right now, because if this game fails on launch day, there's going to be a lot of shit for it.
I will say this, I don't know if I can stand to wait three months, but I am going to wait for the reviews of the game.
I think that's pretty bold of Blizzard to say, nah, we're not going to send out our game for review.
It'll sell without it.
I'm a little confused because I know that a lot of the major review sites get their copy two weeks early but they're just not allowed to publish the story until release date in which case all the sites try to scoop each other so does this mean that they're not getting the game at all?
I don't know, they're not really saying for sure but they can't play it even if they have it, they can't play it
well and a lot of times they get into some really shady shit with those embargoes too because a lot of times you can break the embargo if you gave the game a 90% or better like that shit really happens out there and it's kind of sick like and that's why you know we're here about really supporting the independent media because we don't have to really play by those rules granted we don't get the early copies of the games because of it
but you know just keep in mind if this site got a world exclusive review and is like the first to run with it if that review is an A or something of the equivalent question it you should question it because they could very well be doing it especially if it's a no name site trying to get the additional traffic they could be doing it just to get the traffic kind of sad Toagak in our chat room says code your damn games on time or admit failure damn these day one patches
I don't think the game is going to be terrible, but it's going to be interesting to see if the servers can handle it day one.
It's going to be a big demand.
Big, big demand.
The internet will come to a screeching halt this week.
Chaos.
Alright.
Let's open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
That's all one word.
Please, if you're using Skype for the first time, make sure you give Echo123 a call on Skype or I think they actually build it in there now.
It's like make a test call and you can easily hear if your sound settings are okay because when we pick up and no one's there, it's a little bit frustrating.
Alright.
Alright, while we wait for some calls to come in, do we have any last minute stories in the house?
I do not.
Loki?
I do, but I'll have to look them up.
I thought you had some ready to go.
You're too busy shopping.
I am shopping.
Well, luckily we're getting a call.
You're being saved by a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma, everyone.
Hey, Ranma, you're the master of zerg rushing our phones.
What's up?
I'm not the master, I just got lucky.
Just two things I wanted to tell you, so I'll be on my merry little way.
What's up?
The first thing I want to bring up is what you said about the guy that was online for 72 hours for StarCraft II.
He's standing in line, yes.
I just want you to know that I was on the line for the week.
I was out there for about a day and a half.
There were people out there.
My older brother was out there.
No, my younger brother was out there since Thursday for a week, okay?
Wow.
By the way, don't adjust your sound.
Ranma is cutting in and out.
We're not sure why.
I don't know if it's your speakers or... It might be my end, so I'll make this quick and just get going.
Porn Torrents.
Okay, go ahead.
I'm not running any Porn Torrents.
I'm not Loki.
I don't torrent my porn, I download it off Houston, okay?
Anyway, Ranma, yes, you were in line just as long, okay, I get it.
But you're also Black Luigi, you have to be out there.
I mean, like, it's not a Nintendo party without Black Luigi.
I suppose so, but I'm just saying you can't call out for something like that because we've all done this.
I mean, you guys didn't get on the line for the week.
You were out there interviewing people, handing out food and stuff, you know?
Because it was total promotion for our show because, you know, we can't afford million-dollar ads.
No, I mean, we got into it.
Extrofer waited in the line.
I waited in line over the week.
Keep in mind, too, this is important.
If we hadn't waited in line, we wouldn't have got one.
There's going to be plenty of StarCraft 2 available day one.
It's not going to sell out like crazy.
You're going to be able to find it.
But, you know, software is a lot easier to make than hardware, right?
True, true.
But still, I'm just saying you shouldn't give him a hard time.
I'm not giving him that hard a time.
I'm just putting that in the same category as waiting for Twilight.
That's okay.
That's...
I guess.
Alright, well what else is on your mind before we let you go, Ranma?
Earlier in the show about the law that California is trying to pass to the other states that are jumping on the wagon.
Passes is not going to do a lick of damage.
I've seen plenty of time at Best Buy, people at 17 buying the Emerald Games, it pops up on the register, check your ID, they just hit the keyboard, enter the bypass, and keep going.
Yeah, but now it's going to be illegal, and those people could be personally responsible if they do that.
So that behavior might change pretty soon.
It depends.
I mean, I don't think it's going to change unless it's in the ruling that if a store is caught doing it, that store is going to get fined for it.
You know what I'm saying?
Let's try this way.
I bet you can agree with this, Ranma.
If a 16-year-old wants to get a dirty game, that 16-year-old will get the dirty game.
Lobby damned.
Amiga777 in our chatroom is asking, what's Black Luigi?
That's what we call Rama, because he's black and he cosplays as Luigi.
and he always seems to get on camera whenever, you know, he's at one of these Nintendo events.
Like, wasn't he on CNN or something for the Wii event?
I don't know.
But, yeah, he's Black Luigi.
All right.
Let's take some more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Did you get some time to round up some stories, Loki?
Yeah.
Well, too bad because we got another call coming in.
Well, I didn't want to say it.
Well, all right then.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Misty.
I'm doing pretty good.
I was thinking back to around the beginning of the show where you were basically like, we've had a shit ton of guests lately.
Yes, we have.
I thought I'd like to confirm one that's going to be on the show on August 8th.
Who would that be?
That would be me.
Oh, you're coming back, huh?
I decided to suck it up and fly
No, I'm just... I'm messing around.
It'll be okay.
Well, that's great.
Now, I got to ask this question because I don't know if we talked about it last time you were here, but you do not like to fly.
And last time you came out here, you took Greyhound out here and a little bit of the train too, I think.
What are you doing this time?
Are you...
Not the train last time, just the bus I've gotten a new phone since I've been out there and it's a twitchy little touchscreen once in a while
For English, press 1.
Para Espaol, marque numero 2.
So what are you doing this time?
Are you doing the Greyhound thing again?
What I'm doing to get out there is I'm flying southwest from St.
Louis to L.A., taking Amtrak overnight from L.A.
to Sacramento.
Then on the way back home, I'm taking the bus.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And again, I'm not your doctor, so you might want to ask somebody, because I don't know what other medications you take, and I'd hate to have you mix.
I don't know what else you take, and Tylenol may not mix, but just take a sleep aid that's approved by your doctor, and that might help with the anxiety.
because I've had friends that have to do that.
They get really anxious, especially if there's going to be turbulence or anything, which flying to LA, I think you get to dodge the Rockies a little bit.
I don't think you'll fly right over them, and that's where the worst turbulence is, but it'll be fine.
I fly all the time.
It's fine.
In fact, you know what?
You probably saw on the news, not that far here from Sacramento, there was a horrible Greyhound bus accident, and I would have been extremely sad if Misty had been on that bus, so I think you'll be all right with flying.
I didn't read that yet, but keep in mind my computer's not unlimited to doing shit on my iPod right now.
Well, you're going to be just fine with that.
I do not drink and you know that.
Alright, I'll let you go so you can go beat up some chatters with your fist.
And you can yell at them in person when you're here in a couple weeks.
So we'll see you then.
Alright, take care Misty's gonna be on the show She will be on my couch I had to make sure that I was actually gonna be here Because I was worried for a minute that she was only here for the weekend What's that?
She's gonna be on the 8th, I think that's the night after Showgirls It is the night after Showgirls But I'll be back in town on the 8th So I'll be here, she's here during the week I guess So we'll have to all get Indian food or something I don't know What are we gonna do with Misty?
What are you gonna do with Misty for like 4 days?
I was thinking going to Dave and Buster's and going to Arviggle.
Let's throw in a dumpster.
And going by the little ghetto arcade over there where the Parapara is.
It'll be fun.
Because she really wants to play Parapara.
It'll be fun.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
For English, press 1.
No, I'm kidding.
Hi, who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link.
What's on your mind?
Hey, actually, I want to call back up your things.
First off, about the law.
I live here in Florida, which is probably supposedly be one of the states, which I really don't think it's going to pass, personally.
Like Ranma said, I really think it's going to go through a lot of loopholes before anything gets passed through a lot of these different states.
A lot of the companies too, I'm noticing now, are trying to do things so they won't get in trouble.
God forbid something like this would pass.
Recently, I bought a computer game from Target, the F.A.W.
Collection, and I was surprised that I got ID'd for it.
Which took me by surprise because that's the first time ever buying a game from say like Target or someplace like that where I actually got carded for the game for being mature.
So it was very shocking to say the least.
But it was very cool though because at least it shows that they're trying to take the appropriate steps to make sure something like this happens.
But I agree with you, there is a valid point.
X-Link, how do you have time to play Fallout?
You play just as much WoW as I do, and I don't have time for other video games.
How do you do it?
Oh my god.
That's terrible.
Oh, man.
Well, sorry to hear it, but I'm glad you're building the collection.
It's Saga Frontier I liked.
I can't believe you're sitting there bashing it.
It was actually, it wasn't great, it wasn't the best, but the storyline was alright.
And besides, you can play as somebody going around getting drunk.
I love how you're lowering the bar as you're reviewing it.
Well, wasn't that good?
Wasn't that, you know, there's always one at every party.
It's all good.
I won't judge you for it.
Alright.
Is that it?
You got something else?
That's pretty much about it.
Alright, well thank you as always, X-Link.
You have a wonderful week.
Always, you too.
We'll try to farm Kara tonight, okay?
Oh, sounds like fun.
Tell the guild.
Bye.
Yes, bye-bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for your phone calls here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We appreciate it.
If you didn't get through, why don't you leave us a voicemail on the Skype line, or of course you can always send us an email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
There's Twitters, there's lots of ways to get through to the show.
So that's it, we're going to wrap up.
No last minute stories, right?
No, I'm just kidding.
What does Loki got for last minute stories?
Dead Rising 2K0 will be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade August 31st.
Of course it will be kind of a prequel or in between sequel for the Dead Rising series.
It takes place between Dead Rising 1 and 2.
and also you'll be able to kind of level up your character and stuff that you earn in that game will also transfer over to Dead Rising 2 the best thing about it though it will only cost you $5 so that is awesome for what may be considered I haven't seen anything on arcade for $5 in a long time exactly
Let's see, Netflix is apparently going discless by October.
So they're going to eventually have an app.
Or you may say that's probably when the exclusivity contract ran out for having the in-dash stuff.
Rockman 3's got some more tracks announced for it.
Everybody Wants to Rule the World by Tears for Fears.
Rock Lobster by the B-52s.
Awesome.
Foolin' by Def Leppard, Beautiful People by Marilyn Manson, Hey Man, Nice Shot by Filter, Cold as Ice by Foreigner.
And then also Dance Central has three songs announced for it.
Drop It Like It's Hot by Snoop Dogg, Push It by Salt-N-Pepa, and Bust a Move by Young MC.
That's it.
Do you think Rock Lobster might sound something like this?
Wait one, sit down.
I want to sing a little song that kept me going when I had troubles.
We were at the beach.
Everybody had matching towels.
Somebody went under a duck and there they saw a rock.
But it wasn't a rock.
It was a rock lobster!
That's what it's going to sound like in my house.
Rock lobster!
Rock lobster!
Alright, I'm over it.
Alright, well if that's going to do it for Last Minute Stories tonight, then let's go around.
No, no bird is the word.
I'm not going there again.
But surely you've heard.
I already put that in as a cage match, okay?
I almost want to play it, but I'm not going to, I promise.
All right, quick, let's end the show before I play it.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts, but not before I thank Salacious Pop for joining us tonight here in studio.
I hope you had a fun time.
I did, as always.
Sometimes you listen, and you comment in chat, and sometimes you're here.
How is the show different between the two?
I don't know.
Behind the scenes is just a different perspective.
I'm a lot less nervous this time than I was the first two times.
This is my third time on the show.
You do well.
The thing is, he's really funny, you guys.
He makes a lot of really funny chat comments.
That's why I read him.
I'm not doing like, he gets more chat comments in because he's my boyfriend or whatever, but he actually says a lot of funny stuff.
So we like getting more of that funny stuff here on the show.
Thank you.
Go home and write some jokes and we're going to do like a last comic standing with you and Drew Nami, okay?
I think I got an idea for my next little animated movie from this episode.
Did you?
Yeah.
I did the really sort of foul World of Warcraft one.
It was awesome.
So yeah.
It was awesome.
So I'm going to work on that.
That sounds like fun.
I'm a little worried as to what that's going to sound like, but we'll see.
Alright, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Video games are not the same as tobacco and alcohol, so that law is stupid.
And it's no on that law.
No on that law.
Thumbs down.
Too bad we don't get to vote on it.
F minus.
Dislike this post.
Yes.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
That law sucks, but I don't care because I'm over 18, so suck it, children.
my final thought tonight is congratulations to Extifer's sister Annie and her husband Jim who had their baby this week Oliver James last name Hill congratulations baby yay baby but can you imagine like I know Extifer hasn't been on the show in a very long time and I hope to change that but for those that have listened to OLR for a very long time can you imagine if Extifer was your gay uncle like I'm just saying DarkSakura your final thought tonight
Ow.
That's it?
Ow?
Ow.
Reject false ows.
Ow.
That and I want a sewing machine.
You know what I want?
Yogurt.
Oh my god, Rob.
I want some frozen yogurt.
I don't have to work tomorrow.
I'm just saying.
You don't?
No, I don't.
Let's hang out tomorrow.
You know, I have to get car errands done.
That's why I took the day off.
So I can't hang out during the day, but maybe in the evening.
Real quick, even though it's not the segment for it.
I'd like to give an F you to 7sins.com.
It's a modding forum.
You have the worst server on the face of the earth.
Worst server ever.
It seriously times out and cannot connect more than any other site on the internet.
Alright, that's it.
We're done with another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show.
If you like what you've heard and we hope you did, please help spread the word about our show.
Tell two friends about the show.
Word of mouth is how we get word of the show out there and so many of you have already done that.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes.
Join our Twitter community and join the big battle and all that good stuff.
We really appreciate it, you guys.
It's another episode in the can.
We'll be back next week to do it all over again.
In the meantime, we're going to go celebrate by eating a cupcake.
have a good night
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
