Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight, December 27th, 2009, Pac-Man might soon fight at Battle Royale.
Could your portable games soon be banned on airplanes?
We take a look back on the year and the decade in gaming.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with our 350th episode on this lovely Sunday evening, December 27th, 2009.
Yes, we're here for the holidays.
Broadcasting live every Sunday night, www.allgames.com
We're an All Games Radio affiliate and we're very thankful that they let us steal their bandwidth every Sunday night
to do our little program.
Joining you over the next few hours, myself, Rob Roberts, and of course the one and only, Jamie Summers, DarkSakura.
Stupid thread isn't working.
How are you doing? Are you posting on the internet? Is that the type of thread you're talking about?
No, I'm crocheting.
I see.
I'm being domestic, dammit. Who wants a hat?
Wow, that's a change.
Who wants a hat?
Me? No.
You'll get a very tiny hat.
Say hello to... I'll put it on my thumb.
Say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm alright.
Except we can't hear you at all. Is your mic on?
Yes, it is.
I don't know why we're not hearing you at all tonight.
That's the wonders of live radio, is that sometimes you get technical difficulties, things happen.
Sometimes people play with my volume, apparently.
Apparently. I don't know what's up with that.
I think what's going on is that behind our backs, DarkSakura's been secretly taping another show.
No! Not at all.
And he's been screwing with some of the audio settings.
I didn't touch Loki's. I mean, I don't know what you're talking about.
Try again, Loki. I think we'll hear you now.
Alright.
Now we hear you too much.
It's really loud.
We're good now.
How are you doing, Loki? How was your week?
I'm alright.
Did you have a good holiday?
Yeah, sure.
Did Santa bring you lots of good stuff for the holidays?
Pots and stuff to do yard work.
Dude, Santa brought you pot?
No, like pots and pans.
Oh, I see.
Just in time for New Year's, Rob.
Amazing.
Alright, let's go around and talk about our gaming week. So we always start off the show talking about what we've been playing this week.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off?
Wow.
I played some.
And I downloaded Braid because it was really cheap for Insert Holiday Here.
And I also picked up World of Goo, which I started and then stopped.
Because I was like, oh wait, I have to do some stuff.
So I've got some new games that I just haven't played yet.
I also pre-ordered... I hate the word pre-order.
So I just ordered my copy in advance of Star Trek Online.
And apparently if you do the order through Amazon, or through I guess any of the others, you'll get like a thing to do the beta.
Nice.
So I'm going to be in the beta.
When's the beta start? I can't remember. There's so many like...
January something... something teeth.
It's like closed beta and open beta and retweet to get into the OMG Right Now betas.
Like there's so many betas going on. I feel like I'm in the 80s all over again.
And VHS is just around the corner.
It's January something teeth.
I see. Alright, thank you. That's so helpful.
But I also got Dan picked up for me.
Oh, by the way, it has to be the collector's edition.
Oh, for you to get in the beta?
To get in the beta.
I see, okay.
Which is what I got.
Which is what I imagine a lot of people are getting anyway.
And Dan picked up for me the Silent Hill game on Wii, so I need people to come over and hold my hand while I play it.
You know, I watched a friend play that game a couple days ago, and it was very strange.
Like I saw the nightmare sequence happen, you know, and it's weird.
It doesn't get all like rusty. It's just like snowy in that game.
And it was just running through doors over and over, running through doors, running through doors, running through doors, trying to avoid zombies.
I was like, you don't really run. I mean, you do run in Silent Hill, but this felt like an action game or something.
It was strange when I watched. I didn't play it, I watched.
It shatters your memories of Silent Hill. How about that?
Clearly.
Clearly.
You have a bug about to crawl into your hair behind you.
Just saying.
Gross! Gross! Our studio's infested!
It is not infested. Here's a tissue, you big baby.
There's bugs in our studio! Is that what you plan to end the decade with? Killer bugs, destroy the host?
Rob, it probably snuck into the window. Don't kill it, you big baby.
Hold on, I'm going to take a picture of it to show the listeners how big this scary bug is.
Oh, fuck.
Make sure to zoom in.
Anything else for your gaming week, DarkSakura?
I played the game where I laugh about Rob being a big baby.
Shut up, this is a big scary bug.
We also played some Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2, which was really good.
When I upload this to the feed, it's going to look like a big poop on your curtain.
Just kill it already, Rob. Is it a pincher?
I'm going to kill it. I don't know. If it pinches, I'm going to scream.
Here, give me the napkin. Hold my mic.
DarkSakura saves the day.
I should just let it do its thing.
Not even.
Don't.
It's a scary bug.
It's a pincher, it's fine.
But pinchers pinch. That's why they're called pinchers.
They're not called pinchers. They're called earwigs, I thought.
Now that our show has been sufficiently derailed for the decade, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was alright. I didn't play a whole lot. I played more Grand Theft Auto this week, what level I could.
It went crunch.
And then I brought my 360 home hoping to play more stuff, but I just didn't because I ended up messing around with other things.
So I played a little big planet of the new Pirates of the Caribbean water stuff.
It's neat. Not as exciting as the paint-neater, but how can you top guns? You just can't.
So it's pretty cool, but I'm just not as excited.
And somewhere along the way, I downloaded some level creator pack or something like that.
They had a bunch of other stuff in there. I honestly don't remember doing that, but I guess I did at some point.
So that's kind of neat.
But I was going to play also Modination Racers, and granted I did all this like an hour before the show.
So I meant to play Modination Racers as well, because I'm in the beta for that.
However, since I haven't played a little big planet in forever, I had to download the updates, which took 15 minutes.
Oh geez, yeah, I can imagine.
You know what? Hey, props to them, because that means they have just been putting update after update after update on that game.
Tons of updates.
I think the last time I downloaded the update was update 1.05, and they're up to 1.23 now.
It's a bummer, though. It's not smart enough to just go,
Okay, I'm going to download the patch that takes you from 1.05 all the way up to, without having to download like five patches in between.
Something like that, yeah.
Sometimes PC games do that, especially like MMOs.
So then, like I said, I played the levels a little bit.
It's kind of neat. The water stuffs are, I mean, you can raise and lower the water. You have air that you can breathe in there.
You can suck up the bubbles much like you would in one of the other games out there that has the water stuff.
Sonic.
Sonic, yes. Perfect example.
And the Pirates of the Caribbean stuff is kind of neat.
The characters, obviously, they don't really have anything that looks too much like the stuff in the movie,
but the same typical plot. They have the two royal guards or whatever, the imperial guards or whoever they are,
from the movie are in there and that kind of thing.
I only got to play the first level, though, before I wanted to move on to other things.
Then I actually played a little bit on the arcade cabinet.
I had a friend over and we were testing out my newly souped up joysticks because I added octagonal restrictors in them now,
and also tighter springs.
So I did everything except take apart the actual pushbuttons to put a little paper in there and stuff.
Honestly, I just don't want to mess with that because I have a feeling it's going to fall apart after a while.
It's enough.
So I played Marvel vs. Capcom 1 and I'm not very good at it.
I like Marvel vs. Capcom 2, but I couldn't figure out why I didn't have it yet,
and it's because I don't have any Niomi games yet.
So that's why I basically spent most of the holiday doing was downloading Niomi games
and downloading Sega Model A games and zinc emulation games and all sorts of crap.
Oh, and CPS3 stuff, so I have Street Fighter 3 and JoJo's Bizarre Adventure and all that fun stuff.
So anyways, the actual game I did play, we played all the way through Simpsons the arcade game on MAME, so that was fun.
I love playing through there.
Nice. You know there's a Simpsons arcade on iPhone now, but it's not even the same thing.
It's just the same name, and I think it's definitely inspired by the old arcade game, but it's not the old arcade game.
And I think that's because this new one is EA, whereas the old one was Konami, right?
Because it was the same engine as Turtles.
So obviously they probably couldn't borrow the same code, but they did a game that feels very like it.
But instead of trying to save Maggie, I think it's Homer going after Donuts.
I don't know, I haven't played it. I've only read about it.
But I find it interesting that they are trying to cash in on that nostalgia a little bit in the very crowded iPhone market.
It was fun. I love playing the game.
I mean, we had a lot of fun playing it, so that was cool, and I'm trying to think of other stuff.
We were just trying a bunch of random games on there, but I still...
Ms. World Nude 96, my favorite MAME game ever.
Didn't play that, but the problem is, see right now, I'm going through my list of games I have on there.
Because there's a ton of games, first off, clones that I have on there that I need to get rid of.
And I got rid of them on one list, but I need to get rid of them on the list that's for my front end so that they don't display on there.
And then also, I have a whole bunch of Mahjong games and crap I'm not going to play.
So I have to go through and delete all that stuff or stuff that just doesn't work.
You know, delete the Simpsons Arcade 4 player version, because I only have a 2 player cabinet, so that's just completely useless.
So all that stuff. So I have to go through there and do that, because right now I'm trying to find something that's just...
Luckily I can skip via letter, but even still, it's just you're holding it down, scrolling through lists of stuff just to try to find anything.
You sound like me trying to organize my iTunes library.
A friend of mine inspired me to organize my iTunes a little better, and I've been trying to do that.
And it is a mess. Like, I have all these misspelled artists and albums and trying to get the right album art and things from compilations.
It's a pain in the ass. It sounds very similar, just what you're describing is going through that whole process.
Yeah. So it'll be nice when it's done, especially I'm really excited to try some of these new Niomi games.
Because a lot of them don't necessarily work, and you have one emulator for Niomi disc based games and Dreamcast games,
and you have another emulator for Niomi cartridge games, and some of those work and some of them don't.
So some of the ones that will work though, like Ikaruga, Marvel Vs. Capcom 2, there's some I haven't even heard of before.
Like a lot of these really crazy shooter games.
Then just some of the normal ones like Senkei no Rondo in Radio Allergy or Ratagy or whatever.
A lot of the cave shooters and stuff like that.
So that'll be kind of cool to put in there.
Especially now that I have the heavy springs on, the joysticks for really twitchy movements and stuff that'll really come in handy for shooters and stuff.
So yeah, lots of downloading stuff for the cabinet.
That's mainly what I've been doing during the break.
I still haven't played Borderlands. I was like, I'm gonna play Borderlands this break! I'm gonna do it!
I haven't done it yet.
And I even brought home Bayonetta. I was like, oh, I'm gonna play Bayonetta.
What was it? Otomedius Gorgeous, the Konami shooter that has chicks flying around. I was gonna play that.
Just didn't get around to it.
There's just too many games. You have too many games to play.
People sometimes forget. We do this podcasting thing as a hobby. We don't get paid to do it.
We're just gamers that do it for fun, just like many of you who listen to this show.
The folks that review these professionally, that do have the time to play every single game that comes out,
usually teams of several people, that's their jobs. That's what they do for eight hours a day is play video games.
Wish I could do that. But then again, keep in mind, those reviewers, they have to play eight hours of the bad games as well as the good games.
Well, one of my friends actually did some testing for a while. I was so sick of playing soccer.
Testing or reviewing. I mean, sometimes, you know, that's a discussion for a whole other show.
I wasn't even trying to get into strategy guides.
I remember that, yeah.
And they'll have you review. They'll just play through some of the most games. I still want to do that, though.
You should. It'd be fun. Anyhow, sorry, Loki. Anything else you want to say about your gaming week?
That's basically it. It's just lots of downloading stuff, and I'm sure none of that's legal because, you know, they're ROMs and whatever.
But you know what? I'm not going to go buy multi-thousand dollars worth of arcade boards.
Going to our chat room, the always present fourth guest on the show.
And if you are listening live to us on All Games Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, head on over to our chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com is the easiest way to get there.
Or if you know your IRC, you just want to join the Game Surge Network on IRC gamesurge.net.
And we are in channel pound orange lounge is the name of our chat room.
Anyhow, reading some comments from chat, it went all the way back up here, talking about, I think Tiger Claw had said that it's appropriate.
Oh yes, what a way to start the last show of the new year or decade with a bug.
Going back to the bug. Because you know how sometimes, like, music will sometimes play when it's not supposed to here on the show.
Whoops, live radio! Shit.
It's the joys of live radio.
Also reading some comments from chat, Ray Iyanami in our chat room says, PS, get your asses to SVGL, Sunnyvale Golf Land.
There is a Simpsons machine here.
You know what's interesting? There is Simpsons machines kind of still out there all over.
I saw one randomly. I was at this hotel near Disneyland staying.
They had a game room in the hotel.
I haven't seen a game room in a hotel that wasn't a casino, like, since I was a teenager.
It's been a very long time.
One of the first times we went to Disneyland, there was a hotel that we stayed in that had a game room and I'd go down there.
I wonder if it was the same hotel.
Maybe, who knows. Was it near the convention center?
Well, the convention center wasn't built.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Anyhow, but the Simpsons arcade game, obviously a lot of people really remember this and it's still in arcades and probably still frickin' makes money.
But, you know, this machine at this particular hotel, their game room was in pretty sad shape.
Like, half the machines weren't working.
I think the Simpsons one was, but it was where the monitor was, like, so bright you could not...
Like, it's just faded over time.
But it hasn't faded dark. It's faded light.
I'm not sure what causes that. Maybe sun fading or something?
Even though it's in the dark room.
Well, probably what happened was it burned in and they just turned the brightness up.
Ah, I see. To try and avoid that. I get it.
My gaming week. Some of the things I played this week.
I did play a couple new games.
Obviously Steam is having an obscene sale right now.
As DarkSakura mentioned earlier, she picked up Braid.
I picked up Luminous because the basic and advanced pack were on sale a couple days ago for three bucks.
So I was like, eh, what the hell. I own Luminous on just about every other platform. I'll get it on PC as well.
So, you know, that was cool. It's the same game.
Certainly plays better than the iPhone one, although I still think the most underrated one is still the best one.
And that was Luminous 2 on the PSP.
I actually like the licensed music. Thank you very much.
And it's kind of a pity that it didn't catch on a little more or else maybe we could have had a Luminous 3, a real one,
instead of just port after port after port of the same old game with some mediocre skins.
I mean, the skins that are in the game are okay. Nothing that special.
There's no shining. It's not even any Hollaback Girl, just so you know.
Other stuff I played this week.
Saw a demo for a game called Crayon Physics, which was also on Steam.
It was interesting. It was a very DS-inspired game
because you would basically have this little ball on your screen that, you know, you had to get the ball to the star.
And you did that by drawing ramps.
Or it was kind of interesting, like, you might have a little, like, a place where, like, a screw or a bolt is.
And so you draw a hammer or something around the screw.
And then it makes the hammer swing and, like, knock the ball.
Like it's croquet or something knocks the ball across the screen.
So kind of inventive, although it's kind of more the game I think I would imagine on the DS.
But certainly, you know, not everybody owns a DS, but a lot of people own a PC.
So this is a way for you to get into those kinds of games.
I felt the game was a little basic.
And the music was kind of crack.
Like, it was really, like, trippy, scary almost, how happy trippy it was.
It was a little bit frightening.
Best description ever. Happy trippy.
Happy trippy.
That's actually going to be 2DX 19th style or whatever they're up to now.
Happy trippy.
And DarkSakura holds up the thumb hat as she's talking there.
So happy trippy thumb hat, 2DX 19th style.
Let's see, what are the games I play this week?
Tekken 6 I checked out for a little bit.
I have to admit, my reaction to Tekken 6 after having spent a little time with it is,
lol what?
Like, that was honestly pretty much the reaction I had every few minutes we were playing Tekken 6.
Lol what?
Dude is wearing pink pants and shoots electricity out of his hands while he's standing in water.
Lol what?
There's a giant transformer guy who shoots laser beams into the floor that makes me fall through and I instantly lose.
Lol what?
The last boss looks like Zombie Big Bird 8, like, Ra from Stargate and is glowing blue.
Lol what is this game?
Did we have any Voldo?
Mr. Bondage Crotch?
There's 40 fucking characters in the game and, you know, Tekken has obviously been lol what for a little while.
It had the panda bears and the kangaroos.
Voldo was so caliber, but I know that they brought in, like, some of the really weirdo ones.
Well, of course, anything with Yoshimitsu in it is going to be...
The training dummy.
Did you play as Panda?
I didn't play as Panda. I played with my favorite tranny bitch, Anna Williams.
I'm telling you, in Tekken 6, she is one fierce transsexual.
Obviously, I mean, no disrespect.
She just looks like your stereotypical, like, wearing all the leopard stuff and the boots and all that.
Like, literally, one of her moves, you know how everybody has a throw?
One of her moves, she grabs the guy, slaps him three times in the face, and then throws him.
And then the other one...
She's always had that move.
She flips the guy over and, I swear to God, kicks him in the taint.
Like, get out of here!
Yeah, that's her.
Well, you know what?
I always thought that she was, like, an extra from Ab Fab.
You know?
Because we had to break out a cigarette and go,
I feel peckish.
And TigerClaws is saying about my Twitter earlier this week,
Oh, yeah, I read about your reaction. One of the characters is a tranny.
Not really. Just kind of has all those, like, stereotypes you would see.
I think, honestly, Anna Williams would actually best be described as,
if you ever saw the movie Angel from, like, 1981,
where she's a prostitute by night and an FBI agent by day,
that's the best way I could describe Anna Williams.
I know. Lul, what?
So that was pretty much my review of Tekken 6. Lul, what?
Although, I thought it was interesting that in certain parts of the game,
if you're playing offline mode, it kind of simulates an online mode.
You'll be playing against people with these fake gamer tags
that you're playing for promotions.
Like, I was watching my friend play, and he got into one of these battles,
and he was like, What the hell? I thought I was playing offline mode.
I don't want to fight people online.
You know, put the record at stake when you're not really, you know,
or just the fact that online players can sometimes be douchebags.
You don't really want to play with them.
But it simulates this whole thing in offline mode,
which is kind of strange but cool.
The game is actually a lot more deep than I'm giving it credit for.
Keep in mind I only looked at a couple modes on this particular outing with the game.
Didn't really get too in-depth with the game, but yeah.
Lul, what?
That's pretty much it.
Also, AlphaCananagram in chat says,
Skye, it's ghost data of players.
That's kind of strange to me.
Like, are they actual real people?
Because I saw, like, at signs and other signs
that I didn't think you could have in your gamertag as part of the people that we're fighting against.
That's weird that you can fight against ghosts.
I guess the chatters are sending me straight that those are ghosts.
They were around in Tekken 5, says Hitstun.
To be fair, I didn't play Tekken 5, so okay.
Maybe that's just a new feature I wasn't aware of.
Well, that's kind of freaky then.
What if I don't want my ghosts to be online?
Hitstun says, pretty cool, but they really only copied the user's combos.
Which really is what Tekken's all about.
There's not...
Tekken is not the fighting game with fireballs and all these insane moves.
Really, there's only low punch, high punch, low kick, high kick.
And those are pretty much all the buttons you use to do everything in Tekken.
And you just string all these combos and juggle, et cetera, et cetera.
AlphaCananagram also adds in,
Tekken 6 has been in arcades for years,
so they get data from arcade machines.
Okay. Interesting.
I guess having that kind of come to light,
obviously the game doesn't explain that to you.
I find that feature to be very interesting,
but it doesn't really change my little what reaction to the game.
Anyhow.
Let's see, other games I played this week.
A lot of World of Warcraft still.
I already have a level 80 character.
I've had one for a couple years.
But now my new character I'm trying to get to 80,
my Paladin, my Dwarf Paladin.
She is level 78, two bubbles away from 79.
Very, very close to level 80.
And I'm excited because I'll actually be able to use the new Dungeon Finder with that.
Hold on. I've got something for you guys.
Oh.
Fill time.
All right. Fill time.
Well, I was going to actually mention something about this.
Speaking of Warcraft and all this stuff,
I don't usually listen to other podcasts,
and I've kind of talked about why on the show before.
I mean, obviously I listen to Bobby Black Wolf because he's live before we are.
And I listen to most of his show because of that.
But I don't want to inadvertently take ideas from other shows or what have you
and all this other stuff.
Oh, my gosh. Thank you.
Dr. Sakura is handing out presents.
Yay.
Hold on. I'll open that in a minute.
But on Christmas Day, Scott Rubin, who is the ringleader of allgames.com,
if you weren't already aware, was doing like a marathon live show.
He was live for like five or six hours that day.
And I actually called him and talked to him for a little while.
It was pretty cool.
I'm pretty sure it will be archived on All Games Radio's site.
You can check that out.
We talked a long time about digital distribution.
I think he's very pro-digital distribution.
We had a little lively debate about that.
But I tuned in later on the iPhone app in my car
because I was driving to San Francisco Christmas night
and I wanted to listen to more talk radio I thought would be good for the drive.
But he wasn't on anymore.
Instead, this other program was on talking about nothing but World of Warcraft.
And it's called the Warcraft Outsiders,
which I think is a spinoff of Video Game Outsiders,
another All Games Radio program on the network.
I have to say, as much as I don't often listen to other podcasts,
I thought they did a pretty good job.
They knew their stuff talking about Warcraft and I thought it was interesting.
Since I play the game all the time,
I wasn't hearing a lot of news that I didn't already know,
but I kind of liked hearing about their experiences.
The gal they have on that show, I think her name is Michelle,
was kind of like the ringleader of that show,
at least the particular episode I was listening to.
She knows her shit on Warcraft.
I was very impressed.
She's a pretty hardcore raider and all that stuff.
It was a good show, so I wanted to give them a shout-out
because we don't often give the other All Games Radio shows enough shout-outs here,
but we are all about supporting other independent radio and independent podcasts.
Just because I say I personally don't listen to a lot of other podcasts
doesn't mean you shouldn't.
You should go out there and support all the other podcasts out there,
especially if you decide Orange Launch Radio is not your cup of tea.
I bet there is another show on the network.
It is their cup of tea, so check that out.
Now.
Now.
Now what? Open present?
Now.
Me first or Loki first?
You throw your card, so go ahead.
La la la card.
Crap.
It's a card, and on the tree it says,
wow, those are some really big balls,
and the guy says, thanks.
And it says, have a great big merry Christmas.
Get it? The tree had big balls on it.
I just fucked up my little hat.
Now I'm going to open up this box.
I don't want to ruin it.
It's his box, Rob. It cost a dollar.
This is terrible radio, though.
Hold on. I'm opening a box, folks.
No, it's not a dick in a box.
Oh, snap.
It is a...
Oh, cool. World of Warcraft year of here.
It's like a 365-day calendar.
I'm assuming like a desk calendar.
Yep.
That shows little locales in the World of Warcraft.
I will totally take this to work, and they'll really think I'm a freak.
It'll be awesome.
Oh, that's why I bought it.
Great. That's cool.
It's for people to think you're a freak.
Like on Tuesday, the 26th of January,
there's a little picture of the Violet Hold.
On Thursday, the 8th of July, there's a picture of Icecrown Citadel.
They just have all these little pictures from around Warcraft.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah, I saw it, and I thought you'd appreciate it.
There's a vast world in Warcraft.
That's one of the reasons to play.
Pretty awesome.
Okay, so, Loki.
Open your box, Loki.
Do it.
My card says, bacon, how'd you know?
And it's a dog jumping up and down because he got a box full of bacon.
Hope you get just what you're looking for this Christmas.
Is that what you got?
A box full of bacon?
Well, I don't know.
Open your box!
What's in the box?
What's in the box?
Do it!
La, la, box.
What's in the fucking box?
La, la, box.
Tell me what's in the box.
Loki's opening his box very slowly.
So, Rob, did you see the thing that I posted on Facebook earlier?
The 30 seconds of Lich King?
Uh-uh.
I got the worst case scenario daily survival calendar 2010.
Nice.
Day-to-day guide to surviving a year's worth of peril.
Isn't this what inspired your old advice column you used to do?
Yes.
I used to have this calendar a few years ago, and I remember just cracking up on a daily
basis, and I figured that Loki would appreciate some advice, like how to deliver a baby.
In a mall.
Very nice.
How to control a runaway camel.
How to navigate a minefield successfully.
And how to drive Santa's sleigh.
If you can find some old-ass episodes of our to-go show, which I think was around 2005,
2006, when we first were getting into podcasting, we would do like a three to four hour live
show, then record another hour that was separately podcast.
We merged the shows finally, got smart and merged them together finally a couple years
later, but if you can find some old episodes of the to-go show, it was really funny, because
Dark Sakura had these little advice columns that were like, lol what?
They have some pretty appropriate stuff, like for example, New Year's Day, it's an essential
survivor knowledge appropriate attire for winter weather.
Really this should be the date before.
How to carry someone who has passed out.
Very useful.
I freaking love worst case scenario, so I thought that maybe Loki would too.
How to deflect a deflect encounter or a sword blow.
Well it was either that or I was trying to decide who I was going to give the bitch a
day calendar to.
How does it actually have 365 bitches on it or is it like complaints?
It's like those magnet that you have the one that says remember when fat butts were in
there, or the I'm having screaming PMS with a really happy looking 40's chick on there.
That type of thing.
It was all stuff like that.
How to land a runaway hire balloon.
Just in case.
You never know, Loki.
You never know.
You might need it.
Rama in chat is bragging.
He has all of the OLR to-go podcasts.
I thought there was an archive online somewhere, and I know there's like, and Dark Tetsuya is
talking about the descriptions on the wiki, and I haven't talked about this a lot on the
show, but on Wikia.com, there's actually a whole Orange Lounge Radio wiki that you can
look up, and it actually has like descriptions of the years and years worth of shows we've
done ever since the very first one on June 23rd of 2002.
The one that I had the screaming migraine during?
Yes.
The very first show.
Crazy.
So.
Anyhow.
Alright, well we've got to do our 350th show.
It's somewhat of a landmark number, yes?
Multiple of 50?
By the way.
Who's the baby on your screen right now on Facebook?
That's our friend Megumi's baby.
Luke.
Aww.
That's cute.
He's cute.
I know, it's great radio, but.
Although that reaction is somewhat like, did you ever see Bat Boy on the World News?
No.
Cover?
With a rah!
With a face?
That's just a cute little baby yawn.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
Of course, we're on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
We also have a Facebook now.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
You should definitely follow us on those sites.
We will still be here live next Sunday and the Sunday after.
I do not know yet what the plan is for the show on January the...
I'm looking at my calendar here.
January the 17th.
I'm going to be out of town.
I'm going to Seattle for the long weekend because that is Martin Luther King weekend.
We have that day off of work.
When Southwest had an Uber sale, I booked a trip to Seattle.
I'll be gone that Sunday, so we'll figure out what we're doing then.
I hear there's a best of in the works, so maybe that'll finally be ready by that week.
I'm not sure.
Just so you know.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news.
Believe it or not, we have some gaming news tonight.
Tonight in part A, we're going to do kind of our usual thing,
talking about the news that happened this week,
even though it was a little bit of a slow news week with the holidays in the States and all.
And then in part B, we're going to really talk about the year in review and the decade in review,
as I'm sure a lot of your favorite shows are doing this week because it was a slow news week.
That's kind of what people talk about during the holidays.
So, Loki, start us off tonight with some news.
Yes.
Capcom has decided to pull a few games from their Quarter 1 2010 lineup,
including Super Street Fighter IV, Lost Planet 2, and Monster Hunter Tri.
And from what I've seen, they haven't really announced yet when they're going to put these games out.
My guess would be not far after the first quarter, which ends, of course, April 1, 2010.
So, basically, these games are scheduled to come out any time between April 1, 2010 and March 31, 2011,
because they're delayed to their fiscal 2011 year.
And they said they're planning on spreading them across all four quarters,
which makes sense if you think about it because Capcom usually frontloads the first part of the year with their games,
and I'm sure that a lot of the stuff that they put out ends up competing with itself.
So, it kind of makes sense that you would want to spread that out.
And they still do have some stuff coming out in the first quarter.
They have Tatsunoko vs. Capcom, Ultimate All-Stars, and, of course, Dark Void coming out as well.
And that's not even including the other things that they're planning on releasing digital distribution-wise,
including Mega Man 10.
So, a lot of stuff coming out still.
It's still a little bit disappointing, though, because when I read the article, what you say makes a lot of sense.
They don't want to load the year too front-heavy, I guess, for lack of a better term.
But there were some big, you know, like Super Street Fighter IV,
I had the feeling we were going to be playing it come February or March.
I still think we may.
I still think it may come out in like April or May, not too far from where it was,
because originally it was kind of slated around March,
and I think now it's just going to be coming out slightly later, maybe in April or something.
Same with Monster Hunter Tri and Lost Planet 2.
Dead Rising 2 still at some point.
But, I mean, they have a pretty big slate of games coming out this year.
It's just, you know, not putting them all out at the same time.
Well, since tonight is, in some respects, a year in a review show,
I mean, God, this news is nothing new.
It's like all we've heard over the past four months,
or really ever since probably like July when we were talking about games coming out at the end of the year.
Delay, delay, delay, delay, delay.
Like, I really feel like, you know, we've been doing this show a long time.
I really feel like this year especially.
I mean, games always get delayed. I get that.
But this year especially, I really feel like lots of games got delayed.
Well, a lot of it's because of Modern Warfare 2,
and a lot of people were afraid to kind of take on Modern Warfare 2,
and so they've delayed their games to other parts of the year,
which is fine because I think that's good.
Normally we get these really dead months where there's nothing coming out,
and I'm like, you know, hey, it'd be the perfect time to put this game out
because there's really nothing competing with it right now.
Like April, I mean, most of April's going to be pretty dead.
I mean, you're going to have Red Dead Redemption on the 27th,
but as far as I'm aware, there's normally not much coming out in April.
It's pretty dead.
Isn't that kind of traditional, though, that not much comes out around that time?
Because that's when you're starting to get into finals and college,
which is your big gaming base and so forth.
They don't care about that kind of stuff, though.
They're really...
You don't think that kind of stuff cuts into sales?
No, I don't think it really matters.
I think it's just development cycles and really a lot of this stuff,
you know, they try to push it out before the end of March because...
Wait a minute. Isn't Final Fantasy 13 April, or is that March?
That's March.
Okay, my bad.
Yeah, so Final Fantasy 13's kind of the beginning of March,
but that may be another reason, too, why some of these delays are happening
because if they're coming out around the same time as Final Fantasy 13,
maybe that's another...
Yeah, it's not as big as Modern Warfare 2, but it's going to be pretty big.
And it's a completely different audience, you know what I mean?
Like the kind of people that play Final Fantasy 13
aren't going to play these other types of games.
Well, you know, there's always somebody that plays both.
Well, Monster Hunter, I think, kind of, you know, it's a little similar.
Okay, I can see that kind of having some similar crossover.
Street Fighter, yeah, not much of a crossover there, but still, though, it's, you know...
It's a very similar strategy to how they do movies, right?
You hear about movies getting delayed all the time
because they don't want to compete against another movie that's too similar,
but movies that are completely kind of different is okay.
Like, for instance, a lot of weekends you have a big bang-up action movie
opening up against a movie targeted at women
that's more like, you know, Meryl Streep's vagina, da-da-da.
You know, like all these, you know, kind of softer things
usually open up kind of together.
Like, look at Christmas. We had Sherlock Holmes, Avatar
are both kind of, you know, bang-up action-y type things.
And then you have the Meryl Streep movie.
Oh, yeah.
Alvin and the Chipmunks for kids, you know, different audiences.
And then look at also, like, you know, some of the releases and stuff on different platforms.
You know, the first part of the year so far,
there's not really any first-party Microsoft games coming out,
at least in the first quarter.
I've seen there's nothing coming out from them yet,
or it has been announced.
You know, I'm kind of surprised there.
I would have thought, you know, maybe Crackdown 2 might be coming out.
Or, hey, even, you know, maybe...
Oh, what was it?
I can't remember the name of the game now.
Oh, that's all right, because I'm not buying it.
The other Microsoft, Alan Wake, that's right.
The one that's been delayed forever, you know.
It probably won't be that great.
Oh, it looks all right.
But I guess it's good that they're delaying stuff just a little bit, you know,
and it kind of sucks because they have to kind of lower their projections
for how they're going to finish up their, you know, 2010 financial year.
But in the end, I think it's going to end up being more beneficial to them
because they're going to be able to capitalize on these dead parts of, you know, the year
and maybe not necessarily competing with these big blockbuster games.
But then again, you know, you have these companies that still put out everything in the fourth quarter,
like Activision, you know.
They put their big games right there in November, October.
And, you know, I don't think this year is going to be different.
Obviously, you're going to have another Call of Duty game
and some more Guitar Hero games and some more, you know, DJ Hero and who knows what.
Hmm.
It's definitely going to be a busy year next year,
but then I wonder how much we're going to hear next year.
Delayed again, delayed again, lololol.
There's going to be a lot of stuff that's delayed.
Natal delayed, Sony Motion delayed, hahaha.
That's the other thing too.
There's a lot of that stuff coming out, you know, kind of in the,
I want to say it was supposed to be the second quarter,
and maybe some of these games are going to use some of that.
Maybe they're delaying it because of that.
Or maybe they're going to delay them to add that kind of stuff.
Or maybe, I don't know.
Or maybe we're talking out our ass because we don't really know.
We don't know. We can only guess.
All right. Hey, speaking of talking out your ass about things you may not know about,
it's sure fun to speculate what this is all about.
Apparently, in Europe, Namco Bandai has made a new trademark.
It's called Pac-Man Battle Royale.
Don't know what the heck that could be.
Could that be a fighting game involving Pac-Man?
One of the interesting theories is that it's some type of multiplayer champion edition
because obviously Pac-Man Championship Edition, you know,
really kind of revitalized the series in a way.
Not a lot of previous Pac-Man games have done.
I mean, I don't know if you guys know,
but there's been lots of Pac-Man games since the original and Ms. Pac-Man
and even, like, Junior Pac-Man, some of those things.
Like Pac-Mania and all that.
But then, gosh, there was a lot of, like, weird Pac-Man platformer games.
Pac-Land.
Yeah, and all these weird things that were on PlayStation and so forth.
Pac-Man Championship Edition kind of took the game back to its roots and energized it,
kind of gave it a little bit of a, you know, I don't know,
music game infused boost in a way and more fast-paced action.
It's kind of thought that maybe a sequel to that could be where this is going.
But if I seem to remember right,
the guy who originally made Pac-Man was involved with Championship Edition,
which might be part of the reason why it was so successful.
If he's not involved here, I'm a little worried, but who knows?
But could this be just, like, something very similar to that Pac-Man game that they had
that was originally supposed to come out on the GameCube and never did
or something like that?
Like the versus?
Yeah, like the versus.
It was out, but it was really hard to get, if I remember right,
because Dark Soccer was talking about playing it, I remember, years ago.
She was talking about, you remember Pac-Man versus?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was out, but it was kind of hard to find, wasn't it?
We had a bunch of copies of it.
I don't remember how, maybe a chatter remembers this better.
There was something you had to do to get it.
We had a stack of them and we're giving them out.
Yeah, but you had to get a copy of it somehow.
It was, you probably had that because of Game Store connections,
but there was a way you were supposed to get it.
I don't know if it was, like, a pre-order bonus or what.
I think it was.
I think it was too.
So, anyhow, who knows what this game could be all about,
but of course when I hear Pac-Man Battle Royale,
I don't know about you guys, but I think about the old Japanese movie
where they might strand Pac-Man on a desert island with his peers
and give him only a fan to survive.
Paper plate.
That would be pretty amazing if that was actually the case,
but I somehow doubt that.
Hey, I've won Paper Plate Battle Royale.
I just can't see an M-rated Pac-Man game for the life of me.
No.
Although it would be funny.
Well, how about something that is a little bit more on the mature level,
even if it's not M-rated?
My single favorite Castlevania game ever,
Dracula X Rondo of Blood,
is coming to Virtual Console.
It's about damn time.
But, um, guess where?
Hmm.
Australia.
Hence my comment before the show.
Well, which only they heard if you're live tonight, but that's alright.
Which is very interesting because Australia has been getting a lot of bad news lately
as far as video games go, so this is kind of interesting.
Well, the OLFC actually has a rating up for,
as is titled Castlevania Rondo of Blood for Virtual Console release.
I hope that we get it over here, but I don't know.
It's such a fun game.
I mean, I hate having to break out the PC Engine every time I want to play it,
or try to find the PSP version.
Honestly, I still prefer the PC Engine version over the PSP.
If this game were to come out on Virtual Console,
wouldn't it be the first PC Engine CD game to do so?
Didn't we get, um, Ys?
No.
I'm sorry, I've got Ys Book 1 and 2 on CD.
I can't remember. There's so many games on Virtual Console now.
I'd have to look at the list.
I think Ys has been revived on the DS.
I know there's been some newer games there, or PSP,
but I don't think the originals ever came to Virtual Console.
I could be wrong. Somebody in chat might correct us.
We'll have to check.
I don't think the originals ever did.
Chatters do our dirty work for us. Go check.
Well, we're trying to talk about the news here.
But the other thing I want to point out, I mean, honestly,
if it's coming to Australia and the technology is there
and the game is going to be ported to work,
don't you think it's going to come out here before too long?
I mean, isn't that just kind of a given?
The economy still loves us.
Very rarely do these games come out in one country
and then never come out in another. You know what I mean?
Why Australia first?
Well, it could just be that maybe that's where the news has leaked.
Maybe it's really planned for everywhere,
but the news has just happened to leak for Australia.
Possibly. Maybe they had to put in their request for rating,
like some earlier date.
Right, and these ratings requests are how game announcements
leak all the freaking time.
They've tried to take measures to stop that here with the ESRB in the States,
but that doesn't change Australia, Europe, and some of the other countries
where we get our titles spoiled from.
Well, you know, I'll have that in an instant.
I know. I will actually check that out too.
It would be finally a way I can actually play this game
because I didn't collect all these systems that Dark Sakura did.
I told you to come up and play it.
I know, but it would be nice to have it in my own house.
I mean, not that I don't enjoy spending time with Dark Sakura,
but it would be nice to fire it up whenever I want.
If I want to play at 2 a.m., I don't have to call you.
Wednesday.
I don't know yet. I might actually have that day off work,
so I'll let you know. Super.
The end.
Yeah.
So Namco, they've got a lot of great games out there,
and some of those you may have missed.
And some crappy ones too, just for the record.
Some crappy ones you may have missed and may not want to play.
Would you really miss them if they're crappy?
You may not know that you've missed them.
You may just want to collect the achievements and or trophies.
Exactly.
Well, you may get your chance to do that again,
because now they're going to actually be launching their back catalog
via digital distribution.
And this is going to be happening on a few different fronts.
Of course, the Xbox 360.
They're going to be putting up me and my beautiful Katamari
sometime in the first quarter of 2010.
And then on the PlayStation Portable,
me and my Katamari on December 22nd.
So it's already out there if you want to snag that.
And of course, you know, that being said,
they're also planning on putting out other PlayStation 1 and PSP
catalog titles as well on the PlayStation Network.
And there are also maybe other titles coming to the Xbox 360 as well,
but they haven't really named names yet.
So that's kind of neat though.
More Katamari or more of the old Katamari.
Yeah, but that was like the worst Katamari game in the series.
Both of those ones you named were like the low points in the series.
Personally, I did not enjoy Beautiful Katamari.
I have friends that say I'm totally not being fair to that game and so forth.
And maybe they think there's a grudge because of the history our show has
with that particular title.
But no, I think really you put that side by side with Katamari forever
on the PS3, and it just ain't no contest.
The PS3 one's better.
Even though the PS3 one is a rehash of some of the old stuff,
I still say the PS3 one's better.
And just wait for the PS3 one to drop down in price,
because it will pretty quick.
Because it will kind of fade off pretty fast.
And you probably will be able to pick up in the new Katamari game
for 20 bucks or something.
And that's about what you're going to pay for these re-releases.
So just be patient.
Very interesting how digital distribution is kind of best known for this year.
Breathing new life into games that had slipped off the radar,
which is exactly what Namco is doing here.
But I compare this to, you know how Steam is doing their epic sale right now,
where I swear they undercut this shit down to cost just to get people in the door.
They might even be taking losses on it.
I don't know what they're doing,
but they're just trying to get as many Steam subscribers as they can.
But some of the games they're selling would have fallen off the radar a long time ago.
For example, I think they were selling the LucasArts pack for like 3 bucks,
which was the Indiana Jones games,
and Loom and all that was on sale for 3 bucks the other day.
Well, you know, yeah that might be a steal,
but at the same time for the publisher and all the sales people involved,
that's 3 bucks they probably weren't going to get,
because these games are so freaking old, who buys them anymore?
But digital distribution kind of opens it all up.
Very interesting.
Anyhow, moving on to another story and talking about digital distribution of sorts.
There is a new just launched music game store inside the Xbox Live marketplace.
This just went live I believe on the 22nd, so it was a little bit earlier this week,
but now there is a music game store within Xbox Live.
You actually can look at individual stores for Guitar Hero 5,
Guitar Hero World Tour, Band Hero, Lips, Lips No. 1 Hits,
Lego Rock Band, Beatles Rock Band, whatever rock band there is.
They all have these special front end stores where you can actually sample music tracks
and download the songs.
You might be thinking, well I can already do that in the game.
Yeah, you can, but now you can also do it through the Xbox 360 interface,
which is kind of cool that you don't have to go find the disc to put it in the drive
to sample the latest releases,
because sometimes we might be rattling off the releases here on the show,
or you read about them on the internet somewhere and you're like,
I think I remember that song and I think I remember liking it,
but I don't remember what it sounds like.
Now you can just go onto your Xbox and look at the little 30 second sample.
Interesting how music and the Xbox 360 have been fusing together
a little more and more this year, not just with this, but last FM.
If you remember from E3 though, a couple years ago,
they said that that was one of the things that they wanted to do to begin with,
was offer the multimedia interaction with the games.
So there you go.
Yeah, so I have not checked out that storefront myself,
but I'm looking at some of the screenshots and it's nice that every game
kind of gets its own little look and logo and so forth,
but where's Rock Revolution?
Just kidding. I don't care.
Where's the dedicated store?
Oh yeah, in the clearance bin. That's where it is.
$4.99.
Xbox Live should have its own little clearance bin of sorts.
Here's our dumpster, I mean, clearance bin.
It kind of looks like Borderlands. It's like just this wasteland.
I've got a great idea for Microsoft.
You can do something similar to that with Project Natal,
where you actually dig through the clearance bin with your hands,
making different gestures using the Natal camera,
so you can find the Rock Revolution in there for $4.99.
Nice.
Yeah, no one would ever get it.
Let's talk about some news about a game no one cares about.
Okay, what would that be?
Champions Online!
Actually, there is going to be a new update and an iPhone app
and a recruitment initiative.
Please play our game.
I know, right?
There is Champions Companion for the iPhone,
which you can use to review your character and see your online status,
check your friends list, your mail, read news, it's free.
There's also a referral program to where you can invite a friend
to play free for 10 days,
and you will get a rare in-game action figure, boo,
and have some combat buffs.
Ooh!
And you also get another costume slot and 400 cryptic points,
so I guess that's kind of okay.
And then they did an Attack of the Misfit Toys event over the weekend
with new costume pieces, action figures, perks, that type of stuff.
Please come play our game.
I know, right?
We need people.
I think we had a story just like this a couple weeks ago,
but it was Age of Conan.
Very similar type of thing.
They're practically giving the game away to get people to play it.
They already know where it's going to come in,
and that's going to be with Star Trek.
That's what I'm holding out for.
Ironically enough, isn't that what got a lot of people to sign up
for Champions Online in the first place,
was guaranteed access to Star Trek Online's beta or something like that?
I remember if you got an Uber subscription to Champions,
you could play Star Trek Online early or something.
You know what, that wins the whatever award.
That should have been a warning sign right there.
Because I'm already getting a beta.
Our chat room's actually lighting up with comments on the last story
because we're a little bit behind.
It takes time for what we say to encode
and you guys to hear it through the All Games feed and so forth.
They're still talking about Rock Revolution a little bit
because I was giving it a little shit in chat earlier.
Rama in chat says,
Sorry, Rock Revolution was well worth the $5 I paid for it.
Brad from Pod Culture asks,
What sucked more, Rock Revolution or Yaris?
To be fair, Yaris probably sucked more.
Yaris, but for your suck to money value...
Yaris is free.
But here's the thing though about Yaris.
Yaris led way for a whole bunch of piracy on Xbox Live Arcade.
So thank you, Yaris.
I will say this too.
Rock Revolution was actually way better than Beaten Groovy,
which you would also pay, I think, $10 for on Xbox Live Marketplace.
That game was disgusting.
It was insultingly bad.
Whoever allowed that piece of shit to go on Xbox Live Marketplace
should be ashamed of themselves
and should consider possibly retiring from the industry.
It was terrible.
It's not that difficult to make a successful music game, Konami.
I mean, you've done it in the past.
You just kind of have to copy what you did.
But somehow you just fuck it up.
And I don't know how you do that.
It's like,
Ah, they won't get it over in America.
Let's make it all ghetto looking.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Way to shit on your fans.
And trust me, we're not into that over here.
That's other countries.
Yep.
Alright, we're going to travel around the world and look at some release dates.
Hopefully some good things coming out soon.
Although, then again, it's that time of year where probably there ain't shit coming out.
I don't know, Loki. Is that the story here?
I'm pretty sure that's correct.
There is nothing coming out.
And at least last I checked, there was nothing coming out.
And if there is anything coming out this week, it's probably crap.
But, I mean, I guess if you count Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles,
the Crystal Bears came out today.
So that's something, I guess.
And supposedly this week, Divinity II Ego Draconis is supposed to be coming out on PC and Xbox 360.
I thought that was supposed to be next week, but hey.
I could be wrong because they move that stuff around all the time.
And also possibly Learn Chess and Learn Geography on the DS from Dreamcatcher,
which are probably something you can skip.
And then finally, Dreamer Zookeeper on the DS, also from Dreamcatcher.
And World Party Games coming to you on the Wii.
Yes, it's yet another party game collection.
And that's basically it, although don't be surprised if all those move to next week.
Really, it's the same story in Japan.
Literally not a damn thing coming out.
It's very quiet over there right now.
A price reduction on Tactics A2 on the DS is about all you got going for you.
And honestly, there's really not a lot to look forward to until January 9th
when Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep hits the Sony PSP.
That's probably the next big, big release over in Japan.
Yeah, I didn't find a damn thing for Europe, sorry.
It's just that time of year, folks, but we talk about them every week.
So this is a good week to go back and play the games you missed this year in 2009, yes?
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
All right, so back to some news then.
Yes, so soon, and I'm not sure if this is actually going to happen
because I could think a lot of other people would be pissed off for other reasons.
But pretty soon, you may not be able to play your PSP or DS on airplanes.
Apparently, somebody is trying to consider a ban on all electronic devices aboard planes.
And apparently, the US Transport Security Administration is the one kind of doing that.
Apparently, there is a guy, Omar, I'm not even going to try to pronounce his name anyways,
the guy was arrested after failing to ignite an explosive device on Christmas Day on a plane.
Oh God, I heard about that on CNN.
So that had to do with electronic devices?
Yes, apparently, let's see.
One motherfucker always ruins it for everybody else.
You know how you can't take in water over a certain size
and your shampoo has to be in a clear bottle and in a plastic bag.
I'm not mad, I understand that they're doing it for our safety and what have you,
but it's because some asshole threatened to use it as a bomb
and said that you could use water as a...
It's just frustrating.
Apparently, it doesn't really say if it was an explosive looking like a device or something like that.
They probably don't want to tell you how he did it.
Good old fashioned American paranoia has been increased tenfold.
Following the incident, international flight passengers weren't allowed any personal items on their laps
an hour before the flight.
Full bag searches were instigated at the boarding gates and the ban on electronic devices has said,
to be a reaction to his ability to smuggle an explosive onto the plane.
This would of course mean any DS or PSP would be banned as well as anything from electronic books,
iPods, cell phones, other gaming devices, etc.
That's going to make flights so incredibly boring.
It's not going to fly.
Pun intended.
Honestly, I'm surprised he was able to do that because they scan all that stuff through...
Well, he was on an international flight.
He didn't get screened at a US airport.
He got screened at a Dutch airport.
I don't know what they do over there that's different than what they do over here,
but he didn't get in in the US.
You have a bomb.
No.
Okay, you may go.
You know, I really don't see them banning all electronics on planes.
I think that's a bit much.
And it's going to suck because I know a lot of airlines are looking into,
like I think Virgin Air or one of them,
if they're not already doing it was looking into like free Wi-Fi on flights now.
Like that's what the technology has gotten is you can get on the internet on flights,
which is pretty amazing.
And it would really suck to kind of rip that all away.
But at the end of the day, if there is a true threat, I suppose for lack of a better term,
to, you know, electronic devices on planes,
something that they can't screen for at the airport for God knows whatever reason.
Here's something.
A safety first.
Here's something to...
People didn't have laptops 20 years ago, 30 years ago.
Flights will still work, you know.
Well, what if some dude was to create an EMP bomb using electronic devices?
Can't detect that because it's not an explosive.
The plane would go down.
Exactly.
But that's the point.
They want it to explode or, you know, something.
Someone's probably thought of that.
They have something.
They don't advertise all their countermeasures.
I mean, for obvious reasons.
First of all, if anyone was going to actually be able to project an EMP
that would make a plane go down, it'd be a bigger device.
It wouldn't be something that could be hidden that easily.
I don't know.
I'm just playing devil's advocate.
No, I know.
It's just...
Although that really would be about the only thing I could think of.
SSJ-100 Matt wants to add.
Rob, he hid firecrackers in his crotch.
The Dutch screeners scanned him, but they wouldn't have found them unless they patted him down.
That seems so odd to me.
How a fucking firecracker gonna...
How many did he have in his crotch?
Maybe it was one of those things where, you know, it only takes a spark to ignite
if you have something flammable.
I don't know.
Obviously they're not telling you the details on what he was planning to do for obvious reasons,
but I still find it shocking that he was able to hide firecrackers undetected.
You know.
It sucks.
I don't know what else to say.
It sucks.
Kick dirt mound.
Wah.
This is a little less suck, although I don't know.
We'll see when the first issue comes out.
Electronic Gaming Monthly is coming back.
You might remember the plug was pulled on Electronic Gaming Monthly a few months ago
because, you know, the recession, etc., etc.
People don't read video game magazines because of the internet, etc., etc.
But Electronic Gaming Monthly apparently is coming back.
It's going to be coming back with an April issue that's released in March
because, you know, they come out a month before the actual date on the magazine.
And that's when it's coming out.
There's a press release that came out that announced that it will be coming out
and there's also going to be an eGMI, the digital magazine.
I guess there's a special code that will be in the issue that allows you to access
the digital components for exclusive article extensions and original content.
So trying to get you to buy the, you know, try to tie it into the internet.
Yeah, if it's anything like Game Informer does, it's kind of useless.
And here's my, you know, devil's advocate to this.
I applaud them for trying to do something different,
but at the same time this exclusive digital content will be reprinted
and copy-pasted somewhere else within milliseconds.
I mean, this is the age of the internet.
You're not going to put a bombshell news thing in there
and expect it not to get republished somewhere else, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
A little silly, but I don't know.
Features and things I suppose are a little harder to get.
Anyone that doesn't have a subscription to Game Informer
and pretty much if you shop at GameStop and you have one of their cards,
you have a subscription because you get it for free when you get their stupid card.
Anyways, I mean, the online portion of it is kind of useless.
I mean, they have some additional screenshots usually
or, you know, some articles or interviews or whatever, like extended interviews.
But it's nothing really like, oh my god, that's so awesome, you know, that they have on there.
It's not like Core or something like that where you get, you know, games or something like that.
I miss the old magazines with demo discs.
Of course, nowadays, you know, I used to subscribe to the Xbox magazine
because you used to get some demos that weren't available on Live,
but now they put out demos that are already available on Live.
It's like, why the fuck do I even bother?
I'm not going to buy your stupid magazine with a demo disc.
Because maybe you're still on dial-up.
You know, we've got a whole box full of old demo discs.
Now occasionally, though, they did have some free download content in there, which is kind of cool.
They had a few Oblivion expansions and stuff like that were free.
So that's kind of cool. That's a little bit of a value.
But, you know, I kind of miss the days like, well, you know, I used to buy PC Gamer too.
They used to have a whole bunch of shareware and free shit on there.
Well, wouldn't it now just be type in the code and get a demo on PSN or Xbox Live?
Yeah, they could do that.
Why bother with the cost of discs now? It's all digital.
But then again, you could just read it. They can't do that, though, because...
Well, I mean, they've done it in the past, so with...
I mean, take it a step further. What is CORE?
CORE magazine on PlayStation Network is basically just that. It's the demos and everything.
Oh, but the magazine's online too. I mean...
Yeah. The era of print is kind of going away.
Well, Electronic Human Monthly is going to try to make it last.
I mean, at the same time, you don't bring your PS3 onto the john with you,
so magazines will always at least serve a purpose there.
So if you want to pick up your bathroom reader of Electronic Gaming Monthly,
it will feature stuff by Dan, Shu, Su, Sean Baby is part of the crew as well, and so on and so on.
A lot of names you might recognize from previous years.
Oh, he did the comic, the Su and Sean comic.
I used to read those, like, all the time.
And they had a webcomic, I think, for a little while too.
Well, if you want to check that out, it will be coming out soon, so check out the newsstands.
Well, here's some other stuff you can spend your money on.
What's that?
Sackboy plushies. They are now on Amazon.
You can get a Sackboy and a Sackgirl for 20 bucks.
Ooh. But they won't have any until December 30th. Ooh.
I didn't like the look of the Sackgirl on there.
No, the Sackgirl looks stupid, but the Sackboy's pretty cute.
Yeah, because, I mean, the Sackboy is the one that's actually on the front cover, so that's kind of cool.
Yeah, I like, I think, and besides that, you know, can't she wear something other than pink?
I don't know. I guess not.
Sackboy's adorable.
Well, Team Fortress 2, if you don't have enough friends to play the game with you, Valve has the answer for you.
They are beta testing right now AI opponents.
Yes, you will be able to use some pretty intelligent bots as your opponents to fill in, you know, gaps that you may have on your team.
And apparently, I believe this is available now, and they do have some stuff you use in the console,
including ways to add people to there or remove AI players and whatnot.
But apparently they're pretty cool, and they actually, I don't know, are good replacements for people that may not be there.
And I think they've done this in, like, Counter-Strike and stuff like that, so I wouldn't see why they wouldn't do it here.
I don't know.
Something to keep the game going with lots of original stuff, I suppose, you know?
I'd like an offline version of Team Fortress 2 with bots. That'd be pretty fun.
Some people don't like to play online with real people.
I hate real people.
Real people can sometimes be a pain in the ass, you know?
Unless we're playing a Grand Theft Auto, which, by the way, I remember back in the day, listeners complaining that they couldn't play Grand Theft Auto with me.
Okay, I've been playing ranked games now almost every day. None of our listeners are playing.
What's up with that?
It's free to play now. We play 10 AM and 3 PM Pacific around there within probably about half an hour or so.
And just a ranked deathmatch in the Ballad of Gay Tony.
And feel free to join our game because we want to give out your gamertag to LokiOLR.
All one word.
Feel free. You can't really be invited into the game. You just have to join a ranked game.
Trust me, there's hardly anyone playing right now. It's really easy to join the game.
So you can just see if I'm online, most likely playing Grand Theft Auto, join the game, and prepare to get your ass kicked.
Nice. It's so modest.
Alright, Loki's throwing down the gauntlet here on OLR. Check it out.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
And this has to do with, remember last week it came up that the PSP 4000 was on its way out.
This coming from an advertisement that ran in a magazine that showed that this upcoming, I think, LittleBigPlanet thing was going to work on PSP 1000, 2000, 3000, the GO, and the OMG, what is this PSP 4000?
Well, by the way, they've come out and said, of course, deny, deny, deny.
It's come out, apparently, that the Sony PSP 4000 mention was a mistake on their part.
There is no new model of the PSP under construction.
Uh huh, sure, whatever you say, dude.
Yes, just like they didn't have an icon or whatever like that that was also available on Sony's website as well that someone found by changing the file name or whatever of the PSP 3000 icon on there.
The 4000, oh look, it shows up.
Also, Sony came out and said, oh yeah, this is not true, and then the company that put out the ad said, oh yeah, this is not true, but come on, if they were really going to put it out, and this company leaked it out, wouldn't they be telling the company, deny everything!
Yeah, I know, the response coming here is like, I don't know, I don't know what you're talking about, crazy people, 4000!
Whether they do or not, let me put it this way, it's not going to be significant either way, so...
Alright, Sony, you're not coming out with a 4000, I will pretend to be surprised when you announce the 4000.
Just like with the Go.
We're not doing a UMD Listio PSP with a sliding screen, that's preposterous!
Oh, by the way, the PSP Go is coming out now.
Here comes E3, lol gotcha!
Oh, 4000, you didn't see that one coming, no!
I think they should name it the 4001 just to spite everybody.
Sony, if you're listening, seriously, that is how you could get the last laugh.
Because we all know you're doing it now, just suck it up.
Name it the PSP 4001.
And lol.
Alright, we're going to take some time here on the show to respect the classics.
It is time for the very last classic game of the week of the decade.
No, this segment will be back in 2010, of course it will.
But this is a chance for Dark Soccer to dig through the gaming archives and pick a game from Gaming gesture here that she says,
Damn it, you ungrateful kids these days in your newfangled 360s and PS3s,
you need to go play the games we used to play back in my day.
And then she'll run over you with her walker, right?
I went, no, I went for Epic Old School Awesome.
Alright, so what is the Epic Old School Awesome video game of the week?
The video game of the week is Salamander.
I'm pretty sure I haven't done Salamander yet.
I don't think you have either.
Which is a shame.
Well, then here is a little clip of Salamander.
Let's listen to the intro.
Pick it up for multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple.
Pick it up for a fourth, pick it up for Ripple Waker.
Which is the arcade version.
Now what is this Dark Soccer?
This is just Life Force, right?
Actually, yes, Life Force is the name it came out with in North America.
So it's a spinoff from the Gradia series.
And it actually switches between horizontal and vertically scrolling areas.
So you've got kind of a little bit of both.
It also has a more simplified power-up system, too.
And you can play two-player co-op, which is great.
And that's in all of the stages, by the way.
So Player 1 is the Vic Viper, and Player 2 is the Lord British.
And actually, did you know that there's a Salamander anime?
Wait, they really called one of the ships the Lord British?
Yeah.
Like the same guy who did Ultima Lord British?
I don't know.
Yeah, because when I hear Lord British, I think it's the dude who did Ultima back in the day.
At any rate, well, you've got the Vic Viper and Lord British.
And you play through six stages, and like I said, it alternates between horizontal and vertical.
You can actually continue from where you left off upon death instead of the checkpoint version that Gradius has.
You do not have any continues in Salamander's mode when you play single,
but you have two continues in two-player mode, though you can actually change it in the settings.
You also have different power-ups, like I said.
And you just pick up the capsule that you want of the power-up instead of selecting it like you do in Gradius.
You know, how you can pick a double or let them save up.
By the way, this is the most epic beating of this boss ever.
I was going to say, whoever's doing this playthrough here off this YouTube, it's user Succula.
S-U-C-C-U-L-L-A is the YouTuber we're looking at here in the studio right now where the music's coming from.
Epic! This person knows what the fuck they're doing with this game. They know where it's at.
Well, on top of that, just like any of the Gradius games, especially with the bosses,
there are little hidey places that you can go to and ways to lure the boss or whatever to where you need it to be.
And if I'm right, I think this is a one-playthrough beating of this game, which is really freaking difficult.
I love the laser. That was my favorite weapon.
I just freaking love Life Force on the NES.
I mean, I realize it has its roots different places, but I remember it as Life Force on the NES.
Well, I've got it.
Rob, if you want to play it?
Oh yeah, I know. I remember seeing it in the vault.
I just kind of, you know, I like the voice in this one, but I miss the double, you know, option and all that.
Or speed up, you know, but anyway.
So you've got different backgrounds, you have star fields, you've got all kinds of different stuff.
There's actually some big differences between the Japanese version and the European version and Life Force.
The Japanese and European versions are pretty much the same except the American version changes the plot to the game by having some opening text
where you're actually going inside a giant alien life form to fight off bacteria.
And so the star fields from Salamander were actually changed to kind of a web background so that it looks more organic.
I'm sure you remember that, Rob, don't you?
Yes.
Power ups have different names. You have speed up becoming hyperspeed, missile becoming struck to missile, the ripple laser becoming pulse laser, and force field becoming shield.
OMG, I love the fire level.
Yeah.
Sorry, they're in stage three right now on their epic play through and oof, I love the fire level.
There should be a link to level four, and actually level four, Rob, I wish you would have placed at the beginning of that.
There should be this Saturn note.
Sure, you want to skip ahead a little bit here? We'll get to the fourth one.
Yeah, but this music you'll recognize from B-Mania.
Okay.
That music right now was in the song under B-crush music.
Nice.
And actually stage four has my favorite music in the game.
But some other differences, your power ups were modified a little bit to where you have the same for life force, the Japanese life force, you actually had the same power up as Gradius.
Some music was changed. You can, however, get the original Japanese version and the enhanced life force with the salamander deluxe pack that came out for PlayStation and Saturn and salamander portable on PSP.
So yeah, we have the NES version, which actually came out in 87.
It actually, though, just took bits from salamander and life force to kind of make it a bit of a new concept in the game.
It actually, we got the port for the NES, and it's exactly the same, except it doesn't have multiple endings like the Japanese one does, and it's just called life force.
All of these use the Konami code, and the NES version is out on the virtual console.
500 Wii points, go get it. There's an MSX version that's pretty different.
You have different pilots for each of the ships, which if I do remember correctly, I think that it was from the MSX version that the anime was based off of.
It's been a long time since I've watched the anime. We've got it on DVD somewhere.
There's also a PC Engine version. You actually have checkpoints in this one, faster anime animations.
Actually, they improved some of the music from the arcade version.
Ocean Software brought it out for the Spectrum Commodore in Amstrad in 1988.
But the Commodore 64 version, Rob, you may be particularly happy to find out, was pretty much considered one of the best of the PC ports.
Of course, like I said, it came out on the PlayStation and Saturn.
We got the Salamander Deluxe Pack, and also included with that was Salamander 2.
So that was Salamander, Life Force, and Salamander 2.
PSP, we got Salamander Portable, which had actually a few other kind of rare games in it.
It had Salamander, Life Force, Salamander 2, Zexix, I think that's what it's called? Zexix, Zexis? X-E-X-E-X?
Yeah, yeah.
It's a game I haven't played in a long time.
And the MSX version of Gradius 2, which came out, I think, as Nemesis 2.
Which has nothing to do with the arcade Gradius 2.
And for the record, Gradius 2 on PC Engine? Excellent.
Anyway, so yeah, here's actually the thing about the anime in here.
There was an OAV, and it had to do with, it had the different characters in it.
There was a character named Stephanie, and Lord British's ship was actually named after a character called Lord British.
So, it was Lord British's space destroyer.
I think it does have to do with the guy behind Ultima.
At least some of the folks in chat are indicating too.
That's really interesting, because he had nothing to do with Konami, I thought.
Yeah.
Well, there's also a couple good soundtracks too.
There's a Salamander arcade soundtrack.
There is the original Sound of Salamander, and Salamander again, Konami Kukeha Club.
Which, you know, they did a few games from that series.
I mean, a few soundtracks from that series.
So there you go.
Yummy.
Lots of Salamander-y things.
And also, I freaking love the cover of the soundtrack.
I mean, look at that and tell me that's not awesome.
I'm gonna link it in chatroom.
Yes, it's like a big demon face thing.
Kinda scary, actually, a little bit.
It's like an evil snake.
Alright.
Which really has nothing to do with the Salamander, I guess.
Other than being, you know, reptiles, I guess, maybe?
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, Salamander.
Which is available on a variety of different systems, but if you want to play the original, go play the arcade version.
You can find it if you know where to look.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, but we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're not done yet.
In fact, we're gonna be back.
We still have some rapid-fire news.
Your Twitter topics.
And then we're gonna take a break from the news tonight and talk a little bit about what's happened this year.
Talk about our picks for game of the year.
And donuts.
And you wanna talk about donuts?
I just want one.
I want a donut, too.
I also want a pony.
Let's make dang, let's make dang, I have a pony, Rob.
Did I tell you that?
Okay, I have to share this.
Alright, yes.
For our team builder, we did our annual present exchange.
And we were given these little pieces of paper that says, write down what you want.
So I'm like, you know, so that whoever gets our name doesn't buy us crap.
And I was like, okay, I want an Amazon gift card, or this gift card, or this gift card, or a pony.
So someone, the person who got me, got me a toy pony.
That's awesome.
And then a gift card to Barnes & Noble, so.
Nice.
But I finally got my pony.
That means I have to stop asking for one at restaurants.
When they say, what can I get you tonight?
I need a pony.
Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I'd like a pony, please.
I'm going to have to stick with either the llama or the pygmy goat.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio in the year and the decade in review in just a few minutes.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday night, December the 27th of 2009,
where we're taping the 350th episode of our show.
And, yes, it's the very last Orange Lounge Radio of the decade, but we'll be back next week, as always, to do it all again.
And since it is the last OLR of the decade and it's been a little bit of a slow news week,
we're going to take some time to reflect on our favorite games of the year and of the decade.
But, meanwhile, we do have a few other news stories we want to get to real quick in a segment we call the Rapid Fire News.
And, of course, we'll get to your Twitter topics, too.
If you haven't sent us your tweets yet, hurry up and do that, because we're going to get to those very soon,
as soon as we get out our Rapid Fire News. So, Loki.
Yes. Well, if you're looking for something to do shortly after the new year, you can perhaps join the MAG beta,
which was previously not available to everybody, but starting January 4th will be.
And you will be able to download it on the PlayStation Network.
Existing beta members will be able to update their files to prepare for the upcoming trial,
which means that you shouldn't delete any of your MAG data if you are already in the beta.
And, apparently, the beta is pretty short, though. It is only lasting a week until, well, slightly under a week, until January 10th.
But you will be able to play 64-player sabotage matches and also 256-player domination matches.
So, that's kind of neat. And then, of course, the end of the game will be coming out shortly after that.
So, on the 26th.
Also, on the PlayStation Network will be coming Holy Invasion of Privacy Bad Man 2.
And what's kind of cool about it, as well, is that you will not only be able to get the sequel,
but the first game will be included with it for free.
And that is, of course, if you get it via the PlayStation Network.
No word, though, if, when they decide to put this out as an actual UMD, if the original game will appear on there, as well.
But, at least right now, is kind of a nice bonus for, I guess, people who may own, like, the PSP Go, and that's their only option.
So, that's kind of neat.
And then, finally, in un-Sony PlayStation News,
Crackdown 2 is scheduled to be coming out the first half of 2010, which makes me all sorts of happy.
And no word exactly yet when it's going to be coming, but apparently it was revealed on Major Nelson's weekly podcast
that Xbox's head, Aaron Greenberg, apparently is saying that Mass Effect 2, Splinter Cell Conviction, and Alan Wake,
and apparently also Crackdown 2 are scheduled for the first part of the year.
So, I guess Alan Wake isn't coming out later in the year like I had thought.
Probably second quarter, if I'd guess correctly.
Alright, well, some other games coming out before too long.
Resonance of Fate, some folks might be interested in this, is by TriAce.
This is already available as a demo on the Japanese PlayStation Network or the Japanese Xbox 360.
So, if you have a Japanese PSN account or you have a way of getting onto the...
I guess the Xbox is a little better now at blocking the non-Japanese stuff, but...
Eh, not very good at that.
Whatever you can do to get in there, you can do that to download that demo.
If you haven't already heard about this game, it's coming out from SEGA is publishing it.
It's kind of like a gunplay style RPG.
So, check that out, Resonance of Fate, now available in Japan or for those of you crafty folks over in other countries who know how to get in anyway.
LoL, Eye of Judgment, yes, it's coming out on the PSP.
But, no camera, no cards, and apparently, I'm not sure the UMD is really going to be there either.
Legends is just going to be on the PlayStation Store.
It's going to be there in the spring of 2010.
It'll have 300 digital cards, 30 that are unique on the PSP.
No UMD release expected at this time.
It's only going to be a digital download.
That doesn't mean it's only playable on the go, because remember, if you have a big enough memory card on the 3000...
That's all you need.
Is that included in the bet?
Ooh, good question.
No, and the reason why is because it's not as ridiculous as Eye of Judgment.
Whereas this, you know, is an actual game that can be played like a traditional game.
It's not something that's, you know, a card game with this extra camera crap that's added on top of it.
I will give Loki that. I mean, let's face it.
Part of what made the first game so preposterous was the fact that, you know, you're playing this card game with a camera, and I think that's why he took the bet in the first place.
PSP's deleting all that weird shit out.
Yeah, it's actually a game. It'd be almost like a translation of a Magic the Gathering game, whereas, you know, Eye of Judgment, I can imagine, would be played without the camera and all that extra crap.
Fair enough, guys. Let's just face it. Loki's never going to lose that bet. At least not in this decade.
It's never going to happen, period. They've stopped making the game.
Alright.
Silent Night is the name of a new expansion that came out on Quake Live this week.
And, as you can imagine, it makes everybody fit for the holidays.
Like, I guess if you want to shoot Santa Claus or one of his little helpers, you can kind of do that there.
It's going to be there for two weeks, and it's a remake of a Team Arena Distance Screams. They're now calling it Silent Night.
So, don't expect any new weapons or any significant changes to gameplay.
It's just like, you know, La La La, Winter Wonderland, etc., etc., candy canes and so forth for you to blow your friends away to.
Have fun with that.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
Some stuff.
Stuff like and such as?
Well, Sega's having like a big sale in their Wii Shop channel.
You should have some of the games like Sonic 1, 2, 3, Gunstar Heroes, Streets of Rage 2, PLPO2.
Basically, they're going to be five bucks until January 6th.
So, each of them are three dollars less than usual, and I think they just want to make some money.
So, go buy them.
And as far as other stuff going on, there is a New Year's theme for free on Xbox Live, which it's pretty colorful.
Dan was using it for a little while. It has a big ball on top of the building. Ooh.
Also, they have some other things to go with the New Year that's supposed to, you have to pay for them, like the 2010 Avatar glasses.
And there's also the Deal of the Day stuff, like I believe it was the other day, it was Worms 2.
Some other stuff.
And then, last but not least, and actually this is I think the best news of all, is there is a country pack for Rock Band,
but who cares about the country crap because there's also a Paul McCartney set in there as well.
So, that's actually, it's actually December 29th is the country pack, which Alan Jackson's Good Time,
Cross Canadian Ragweed, Cry Lonely, Jason, Aldi and She's Country, Keith Urban, I Told You So.
That seems to be like the only good thing in the whole packet.
Kenny Rogers, The Gambler, okay, maybe Kenny Rogers, classic.
Martina McBride, this one's for the girls, Shania Twain, Any Man of Mine, blah, blah, blah.
But the Paul McCartney pack is going to be out on January 5th or January 7th for PS3 owners.
Haha, we'll get it first, Xbox, Xbox. You also get, for that set you get Band on the Run, the live, actually all these are live versions.
This is from the Paul McCartney New York City concert.
But there's Band on the Run, Jet, and Sing the Changes.
All of those are going to be 160, sorry, Xbox points or 200 Wii points each.
And these are actually, there's no telling if they're going to be available for Lego Rock Band.
Alright.
I can't wait until January 5th.
We'll start off the year with a bang, or a few guitar strums, whatever the case may be.
Let's get into some Twitter topics.
We've been taking some of your submissions over Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R for some things we might have missed so far in the show.
And some random asked questions such as this first one from Blue Swim who tweets us,
If you could bring only one celebrity who died during the O's decade back to life, who would it be and why?
He continues on to tweet, I'd bring Heath Ledger back to life so he could reprise his role as the Joker in the new Batman movies again.
Gosh, I don't know. To think all the way back throughout the entire decade of the O's, that's a long time.
A lot of people die, death just kind of happens, so I'm not sure.
If you could bring back only one celebrity, he specifically said a celebrity.
Anybody that comes to mind for any of you?
I honestly, I'm drawing a blank.
I don't care.
Yeah, it's kind of a weird thought.
What if one of the celebrities that if they were suddenly back, if their very presence, alive, disrupted the entire time space continuum?
Or if they got brought back as a zombie.
No, Rob. Then we'd have to shoot them in the head and we couldn't remember them in a nice way.
I would like to see, um, God, the name escapes me right now, a totally famous guy, the guy that was with the NRA, not from my cold dead hands.
Charlton Heston, was that it? I'd like to see him reanimated as a zombie. I think that's the celebrity from the O's.
I want to see Brittany Whatcherfuck come back as a zombie so we can shoot her.
Rude, rude, rude.
You know, this is my whole thing. I understand mourning the loss of, like, someone's contribution, but you didn't know the person, you know?
Very good suggestion from chat. We have a couple people yelling out, Phil Hartman.
That was a very tragic thing that happened.
This is my whole thing. When people die, it's typically when they're supposed to.
Even if it might seem stupid, it's just, it happens when it happens, so I don't see any point in wishing for something that's not going to happen.
And since then, I really don't want to see anyone reanimated. I mean, just the whole zombie thing totally makes me want to puke.
Loki, was there something smartass you wanted to add?
No, I just had to see when someone died, so just checking real quick.
Dammit!
That was in 94. No John Candy, unfortunately.
I guess I'm going to have to go with my original thought, which was Michael Jackson, because I'd like to see him do his actual comeback.
And, you know, all sorts of fun that would be involved with that.
Alright, let's see. SSJ100Matt sent us this on Twitter, which is a link to a story.
Police followed an Xbox trail...
Oh, no, no, no, no, no! I take that back. I renege that.
I would like to see, um...
Oh, god, what's his name?
The chatroom is correcting themselves, by the way. Phil Hartman died in 98.
Yeah, not Phil Hartman.
The other guy, the other pitchman.
Billy Mays.
Hi, Billy Mays here.
As a zombie.
No, not as a zombie.
Did you see that episode of South Park? Brilliant, that show.
Anyhow, back to SSJ100Matt's tweet, thank you very much.
Sent us to a story from Lohud.com talking about police following an Xbox trail.
I guess because this guy in the Bronx was playing with a stolen Xbox 360 game system,
it led them to a stash of stolen property, 200 car break-ins, and a couple of burglaries.
They were very excited to recover all this.
They went to... Oh, I love when they give the address in the story.
It was 4064 Laconia Avenue in the Bronx is where all this stuff was hiding, apparently.
They got a search warrant. They traced through Microsoft and the ISP where this stolen Xbox was being played from,
and it led them to a GPS system, laptop computers, and all this stuff.
It looks like all this stuff was retrieved from 22-year-old Jeremiah Gilliam's bedroom.
To Jeremiah Gilliam, we say, uh-huh.
Next time, don't be stupid.
Stealing things is pretty stupid in the first place, but then when you go and play with the stolen goods on the internet,
that just makes you stupid or stupid.
But let's face it, you're pretty stupid when you're stealing shit in the first place.
That makes someone extra stupid.
He probably wouldn't think that they would be tracking the system,
and it's almost likely that they wouldn't know what the system serial number and that kind of stuff was,
but apparently they were able to track that via history and stuff like that.
Dedication to them for trying to get it back to the Xbox 360.
We got a link from DJ Rama S on Twitter. He's linking us to another local New York thing.
This is coming from Gizmodo, which is kind of interesting.
It has to do with the iPhone, which some would argue is pretty much a gaming device in this day and age.
Apparently, the iPhone is not purchasable on AT&T's website if you use a New York City zip code,
because according to a rep at, I guess, online, New York is not ready for the iPhone.
You've heard about all these types of complaints where in New York City they can't handle the iPhone bandwidth.
Calls are getting dropped left and right and all this crazy stuff, so yikes.
But their 3G is better. Their commercials say so. Am I to believe that Luke Wilson is lying to me?
I can't handle that. That's shocking that they would misrepresent themselves like that.
Just to point out, though, Gizmodo kind of continues to say that, hey, San Francisco also has a lot of problems,
and you can still get an iPhone in San Francisco, so why New York is being singled out, who knows.
I think it's probably just some type of weird, creepy bug.
I don't think AT&T is going to acknowledge that this has any weight to it whatsoever.
But apparently, also, Tigerclaw wants to add in our chat room.
You can still go into a phone and get a, or, sorry, still go into a phone, still go into a store and get the phone that way.
A little strange.
Anyhow, also going to some other news stories that were submitted.
Ray Ayanami sends us this link to Ketsuie, was announced for the Japanese Xbox 360s at what's called the Cave Festival.
So this is a shooting game.
Ketsuie Kizuna Jigoku Tachi Extra is coming out on the 360.
That'll cost you about $50, and it's another shmup that's coming to the Xbox 360, which has been getting a lot of those.
But you can see some screenshots online at this shmups.system11.org web forum,
where they actually show people playing at Akihabara at the Cave Festival this new game.
And there's even some footage on the internets, but there's a lot of background noise.
I don't want to play that for you right now.
A couple stories coming to us from Tigerclaw305, who is sending us some stories about, let's see,
Timegate has sued South Peak for royalties and breach of contract.
Apparently this is the folks who developed Section 8, Timegate Studios.
They have sued South Peak because of a breach of contract.
Apparently the publisher is withholding royalty payments and violates the deal with a PS3 porting deal with a Russian company.
My gosh.
Let's see, Timegate wants compensatory damages.
According to the report, South Peak says that because they got in 2008 Gamecock,
it exempts it from some of the specifics of the original agreement.
So yet more legal troubles.
It'll be settled out of court. They always are.
That's how those things go, yeah?
That's what'll happen.
Let's see, also what's also very interesting, the CEO of 3D Realms has teased a Duke Nukem resurgence.
Oh God, here we go again.
Apparently numerous Duke Nukem games are in various stages of development.
Gosh, does that include Duke Nukem Forever?
Funny that you should mention Duke Nukem because remember there was supposed to be the PSP and DS versions that were coming out in September.
Oh, but those have been delayed.
Just like Duke Nukem.
Now I want to point out the CEO of 3D Realms did go out of his way to point out Duke Nukem Forever was not technically cancelled.
Yes, we released the initial team, but that doesn't correlate to the demise of the project.
Great.
So this will be now what our third decade of Duke Nukem Forever rumors we're going to get into.
Goody goody.
Our good friend Marin Marvel has tweeted us and said,
What do you guys think about the Blizzard Authenticator?
I think it's a really good idea. I hate to say it.
I had my account hacked and I will never undo the Authenticator because of it.
Especially if you're an iPhone or iTouch user, it's free.
And to get a free pet out of it, and even if you don't have an iPhone or an iTouch, it's like $6.50 for the keychain.
Which, you know, considering they're also charging $10 for a pet, it's not a bad deal and it does keep your account relatively safe.
I think it's unfortunate that Blizzard won't do more against these gold spammers and things, but unfortunately what they're doing,
they're hacking a lot of American accounts and going into the games and rolling level one characters and doing all the shouts and so forth.
How well does the app work?
Huh?
How well does the app work?
Never had a problem with it. Pretty much all you do, you boot it up and it brings you up the code right away.
But is that one that you have to pay for?
No. It's a free app.
Well then I'll just download it right now.
Yeah, so I mean, honestly, if you have the iPhone or iTouch, there's no reason not to have it.
Except for, you know, if you're away from that device a lot, like especially if you're an iTouch user, you're not always with your iTouch.
But if you're with your iPhone, I mean, I have my phone with me pretty much everywhere I go.
So, I see no reason not to have it there.
But I just think it sucks that the burden is on me to prevent my account from getting hacked.
I do think some of the burden, I mean, I am, you know, you can point and laugh at me all you want for having my account hacked.
But I like to think I'm a pretty intelligent web user.
I know the basics about phishing and websites.
And I know, I do not to this day know how my account got hacked.
And it kind of freaks me out because I hope they didn't get my email or other things as well.
I just, I wish Blizzard would sue people.
I wish they would just start blocking IPs from maybe regions that are in America.
I mean, I hate to say it, but you know what?
There is WoW localized for other regions.
So, maybe it's time to start locking players out from certain regions.
I hate to say it, but if that's the way we're going to prevent.
But, you know, you can always IP spoof and all this other crazy stuff.
But I just wish the burden wasn't on us.
But hey, it's free.
Lastly, one more question from Jazajazz on Twitter.
Where do you think games are headed in the new year?
Digital distribution is going to be huge in the next decade.
I think a lot of these game stores are going to have to change their business model.
Or there's a lot to lose in the coming decade.
I think digital distribution is going to be huge in the upcoming next few years.
I think that's where games are headed, online.
Low-key Dark Soccer?
I agree. Honestly, we've been seeing it happen more and more.
Especially since Sony has been really adopting it.
Yeah, probably more digital distribution.
But I don't really think things are going to change too much.
They're probably going to try to push 3D.
Because that's the next big thing.
And now with the two...
I don't really see...
Truly next-gen consoles.
I found the Wii's kind of recycled hardware, if you ask me.
But now they're coming out with their 3D controllers.
So that's really going to be the pushes for 3D.
And you're going to see almost a new console generation being formed from this.
Yeah, I honestly would not expect to see all new consoles until 2013-14.
I mean, it's going to be a ways out.
Especially with these motion and stuff.
Except for Nintendo.
Unless...
I think Nintendo will have something very soon.
Unless this just flops and dies, you know.
And I think from Nintendo, I don't think we're going to see anything really new.
You know, it's probably just going to be an upgrade.
I want to point out some comments from our chat room on some of those tweets.
Misty wants to point out in our chat room, chat.orangelaunchreader.com
Fuck that, Rob.
I keep my eye touch with me all the damn time and in my pocket at work.
Because due to some shit that happened around work last year,
I'm paranoid about my eye touch getting jacked.
Well, that's unfortunate.
F you to those stupid people that caused you to be paranoid.
I get some people, yes, they do have their eye touch with them all the time.
But I also know some people that, you know, they only have it at home or at work.
You know, they don't really carry it with them everywhere.
So just...
You know what your habits are.
If you do have your eye touch with you all the time, then maybe the Blizzard thing is a good idea.
SSJ100matt kind of jokes.
I don't know if this is a joke or real.
But Blizzard banning IPs in Korea is an act of war, Rob.
I'm not saying ban Korea or whatever country you want to name from the games.
But if you have a game that has US servers that's meant to be played by the US that's localized for the US,
Korea gets their own version of the games.
WoW's been localized for China.
WoW's out another...
You know what I mean?
Unfortunately, if all the gold farming is coming from China, maybe it's time to put some restrictions down.
I think they also need to place some restrictions on, you know, who can do these shouts and chat and so forth.
Blizzard's done a really good job over the years, though.
I mean, let's face it.
Every time they evolve, the gold hackers and the gold farmers have to get a little smarter.
I don't want to make it sound like Blizzard's done nothing because they really have done a lot.
They've gotten smart about how they do trial accounts and a lot of the various aspects of WoW.
It just sucks that they just won't play hardball and start suing the pants off of some of these people that exploit their game.
You know what I mean?
I just want to see some...
I want to see heads roll over my account getting hacked.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Twitter topics for tonight.
Let's talk about some of the year-end news.
And we'll start off talking about some of our favorite games of the year and games you might call your game of the year.
In chat room, we're taking your submissions as well, and I'll try to keep an eye on the Twitter, too, for those of you that can't be in chat.
You know, what were some of your picks for the game of the year and why?
Usually, I find these game of the year picks to be a little silly because it's just one person's opinion.
So keep that in mind as we talk about our favorite games of the year.
We're just gamers.
We like what we like.
And this is our opinion for the game that you think was the most important game of 2009.
I'll start with Loki tonight.
What do you think, Loki?
What do you think were...
And if you have a couple, go ahead.
But what do you think overall was probably the biggest game of 2009?
Of 2009?
Well, probably Call of Duty Tomorrow Warfare 2 was, but I didn't play that game.
So the game I liked, or at least just if I was going to vote based on how much I played it, I'd say Grand Theft Auto.
Mainly the two expansions because that's what I was ending up playing.
And, you know, I think it's kind of neat because, you know, whereas before we wouldn't really see expansions for Grand Theft Auto.
We'd just see a couple other games kind of using the same engine, and still we may see that relatively soon.
But it was kind of neat to kind of expand upon the story and kind of bring different perspectives to it and whatnot.
And it was fun.
They kind of brought back some of the old stuff that I thought should have been in there in the first place.
A lot of the over-the-top stuff because they want to keep it grounded in reality, whatever.
So that was kind of, you know, my favorite of the year.
Other important games, I think DJ Hero was pretty big.
You know, kind of a different take on the whole music game genre, and I kind of like that.
I thought DJ Hero was horrifically underrated, and it's kind of sad.
Like, you know, a lot of people were writing it off as a failure.
But, you know, in looking at my Twitter and my Facebook, it seems like DJ Hero was a big-time Christmas present that was showing up for a lot of people.
So maybe it'll find a second life of sorts as we get in past the holidays.
And also some of the other underrated Wii games, you know, more of the mature stuff like Madworld.
You know, I love that game. I thought it was pretty fun.
And it's just, you know, unfortunately a lot of the mature stuff doesn't do well.
Especially when they don't put a lot of press behind it.
I mean, there are some commercials and stuff, but I don't think the mature audience is really that big right now on the Wii, which is too bad.
Because a lot of people have kind of given up on it and just went elsewhere.
So I'd have to, you know, vote that.
And really, unfortunately, I didn't play a lot of other stuff.
I'm sure Borderlands would be on my list if I had actually played that this year.
And there's still time, but, you know, it's unfortunate.
But, you know, that was probably a good one.
I'm sure a little bit of, I'm sure Infinite would have been on there, because that was supposed to be pretty good.
I just didn't get a chance to play it.
Prototype was alright, but that was kind of crap.
Street Fighter IV was kind of cool.
I'm not really huge into the Street Fighter stuff, but that was kind of neat.
And, you know, playing Tatsunoko versus Capcom won the import.
That was actually pretty sweet, and I'd say that's going to be a good one this year.
And of course, you know, just we got to joke and say it.
President Cat is very strange and absolutely a weird game to come out.
But I think it could do well over here.
I mean, seriously, there's so much crap that comes out in the Wii.
I don't understand why anybody couldn't take a chance.
And, you know, there are companies like this, Graffiti Entertainment, Axis Game Localization.
I mean, fuck, they're bringing over Choniki.
Come on, man. Take the gamble.
Alright, Loki's named about 20 different games for his game of the year.
What do you think, DarkSakura? Is your list as long?
Probably not, given that, I mean, Sims 3 came out, and that was big for me.
Because I actually really enjoy Sims 3.
I haven't gotten World Adventures, but that was, you know, especially now they've got the build a world thing for Sims 3.
That's actually pretty cool.
And the fact that, of course, it didn't take too long for all of the modders to start putting out their own hacks to the game,
and their own items and stuff, so it was pretty cool.
And of course, I love building houses.
Other stuff, yeah, I've really been enjoying Danplay, Borderlands.
I can't play it because I get, you know, motion sick.
I've got my Silent Hill that I haven't played yet.
I'm going to say, though, Street Fighter IV was really big for me, especially getting Sakura in the home release made me happy.
Because then I could, you know, kick Dan's butt and be happy about it.
Of course, though, we got it, like, right around the time my hand was really in bad shape.
And I have to also second Tatsunoko vs Capcom, because, again, big Tatsunoko fan for me.
Big Capcom fan.
So the two together was just like a squeegasm in the process.
And I remember sitting on the couch and being in absolute pain and still insisting on trying to beat the stupid bouncing ball in Tatsunoko vs Capcom.
I'm like, look, they're playing the Gachomon music.
Look, they're playing the Gachomon music.
I'm so happy.
You know, big, big, uh, squeegasm for me.
Are you looking forward to the localization next year?
Are you like, no thanks, Cas.
Heck yeah.
As long as they leave most of it in Japanese.
Alright.
I'm sorry, they've got the voice actors.
How can you go wrong with that?
Um, let's see.
I would say there's probably three games I would bestow the Game of the Year honor upon.
One of them you'll say, okay, yeah, I see that.
Because it's something everybody else named.
Uh, one of them you'll say, dammit, Rob, why'd you have to say that?
And then the other one you're going to go, LOL, what the fuck?
The first one I would say Dark Soccer and Loki also both said Street Fighter IV, I think was one of the best games that came out this year.
I think it was an awesome upgrade to Street Fighter II, because we'll just ignore the third one.
Uh, but I think, you know, it kind of brought a lot of people back to that series, including myself.
And I thought some of the integration they did online was really great.
And, uh, you know, it came out kind of early in the year, so I think a lot of people forget it was one of the games this year.
But I think it did great, great things for fighting games this year.
And, uh, you know, it's just going to continue on to next year when Super Street Fighter IV comes out.
Very interesting, it's the one game all three of us named, so maybe you'd want to say that as the collective Game of the Year.
I don't know.
Um, let's see, also, I would say New Super Mario Bros. Wii is definitely worthy of the praise of Game of the Year.
For some of the same reasons.
And it pains me when Nintendo does this, because, dammit, I mean, Nintendo...
They so rarely are putting out these games that are so appealing to the hardcore, if you will, gamers.
But then there's that one diamond in the rough that comes out, and I mean, like, literally sparkling diamond.
And New Super Mario Bros. Wii was kind of that game.
It had a lot in there for veteran gamers like myself, you know, the nostalgia factor is obviously huge.
But that nostalgia factor carries over to the basic gamers.
They really did get it right in, you know, a lot of people don't want to touch Mario Galaxy, as great of a game as that is,
because it's like, what? 3D Mario? Can't control? Ah, a little weird.
But New Super Mario Bros. Wii kind of takes Mario back to its roots.
And it's like, oh, jump on Google.
That was pretty funny. That was pretty fun.
And it's absolute chaos getting a bunch of people together.
It is hell in four player mode, but I still kind of applaud Nintendo for making it work, so to speak.
So I thought it was an awesome game.
It brought a lot of gamers back to gaming.
And you know, sometimes you want to hate Nintendo for this, but like I said, it's a diamond in the rough of the Wii software that's out there.
Here's my LOL what the fuck pic for game of the year.
And I honestly think it's deserving.
And a lot of people are forgetting that this game is from this year.
But it is absolutely one of the best things to happen to gaming this year.
1 versus 100 on Xbox Live, I think, absolutely deserves the accolade of one of the games of the years.
It's something new we haven't really seen before-ish.
I mean, unless you want to go back to the old days of the Berkley Entertainment on the PC and Acrophobia and all this stuff.
You know, we haven't really seen anything quite like it, this whole like game show thing.
It's a lot of fun to actually play with friends.
It really appeals to a broad base of people.
It's kind of neat that you're actually playing for real money.
I mean, it's such a different type of game.
I give it such props for being new, different, and fun.
Best of all, if you happen to be an Xbox Live Gold subscriber, it's free.
Or even the silver folks got it free for a little while.
So, you know, it's fair to say that this game was free.
So, how can you go wrong?
I think 1 versus 100 in some ways is the game of the year.
And for whoever was asking earlier where our game is going in the future,
I'll bet you see some more stuff like this, the interactive stuff.
I think it's going to be very cool to see how that plays out in the next decade.
So, check that out.
So, those were our games of the year.
What about you guys in our chat room?
Some of you guys were naming some of your things here.
GameGuru says, what's wrong with Street Fighter 3?
Well, okay, it's pandering to the base.
But still, I don't want to buy Street Fighter 4 when Super Street Fighter 4 is coming out.
Yeah, that was unfortunate that Super Street Fighter 4 was announced kind of soon
because, you know, it devalued the original.
But, you know, we had Street Fighter 2 and Super Street Fighter 2,
so I guess it's nothing too unheard of there.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says, game of the year for me is Batman Arkham Asylum.
You know, that did get a lot of props.
Very good storytelling in that game.
And certainly, panders to fans of Batman like in the comic form.
They did a really good job with that game.
They really did.
You know, I really, really liked Harley in that game.
You know, this is actually a game that convinced one of my friends to get an Xbox.
It's really good storytelling.
It was.
Sj100Matt says, from the sports side here, NHL 10.
Not only was it great, but it beat out Madden 10 for the best sports game at the VGAs.
A hockey game beating out a football game? What?
Well, we also got a contribution from Marin, Beatles Rock Band.
Which, actually, I'm going to have to go with as well.
But, you know, you should say that.
Of course.
Heart, heart, heart.
Beatles Rock Band was an excellent implementation.
I'm still opting for DJ Hero as my music game of the year,
but I do respect greatly Beatles Rock Band,
and I think it was badly needed.
I think getting it out was a big achievement.
I think so, too.
And just to get everybody on stage at E3 to announce it, that was epic.
Come on.
Having Yoko Ono, George Harrison's wife, McCartney, you know, Ringo Starr,
all on stage at once, pretty awesome.
Pretty, pretty awesome.
Speaking of some of the things that happened this year,
just kind of like trekking back,
and it's kind of funny to look back sometimes on what happened in previous months,
kind of see where that put us this year.
Just quickly going through some of the big things that happened this year.
If you look at January and some of the things that happened there,
a lot of restructuring and layoff news.
You know, Sony did some restructuring and announced a 2.9 billion loss.
Microsoft at once thought Invisible Company laid off 5,000 people.
That both happened in January.
Sadly, layoffs were a big thing this year.
What do you guys think?
Are we past that, or are we going to continue to see more layoffs?
What's going to happen to all these people that lost their jobs in 09?
It'll slow down, probably, as far as layoffs go,
and probably hirings, even.
You probably see a lot of these guys that got laid off from these companies
forming their own smaller companies.
That seems to be the trend.
And interesting, because maybe that indie development
is going to lead to more digital distribution, as we talked about before.
Let's see.
Moving on to February, some of the things that happened there,
unfortunately, more losses.
EA cut back 11% of their workforce.
Activision, Blizzard, I don't know how the hell they lost money,
but they sure did.
And they did not do any huge layoffs, though, at that time.
Also, though, what I thought was interesting,
Wii Fit sold 777,000 copies in January.
That news would then roll over to February.
So, you know, Wii Fit was obviously a big piece of gaming in 2009
that none of us named in our game of the year.
Has Wii Fit been good or bad for gaming?
What do you guys think?
I wouldn't say in terms of gaming,
but it's definitely been good in terms of making exercise enjoyable.
Wii Fit is not something that I really consider to be a game.
I consider it to be a tool.
It's a fun tech demo, is really what it is.
And I think a lot of stuff that Nintendo has done
could be kind of considered a tech demo.
Hell, Wii Sports and Wii Play,
a lot of that stuff was just a tech demo for the Wii,
and it ended up being pretty successful.
I think, if anything, Wii Sports hurt gaming more than Wii Fit did.
Wii Fit, eh, who cares?
You know, it's an exercise game that comes out.
I don't have to play that.
Wii Sports, oh, look, it's like a party game.
Every fucking game that seems to come out on the Wii nowadays
is almost like a party game because Wii's the party console.
Yeah, great.
You know what, though?
I would like some other types of games on there
because there's at least one party game coming out every freaking week.
Enough is enough.
You want to see a party-free 2010?
I would like to see them actually go back to what worked before.
You don't necessarily need to change.
Make some good side-scrolling games.
Make some good, you know, just games that utilize the technology.
Everything doesn't have to be a party game.
Everything doesn't have to be a waggle fest.
Just do it what worked.
I mean, I don't understand it.
We had a lot of games selling back in the day
of the Super Nintendo and stuff, and even the NES and whatnot,
and they didn't really rely on a lot of gimmicks.
Made mode 7, but I mean, come on, it wasn't that bad.
Moving into March, some of the big news from March
was Game Developers Conference happened in March,
and some of the big things that came out of Game Developers Conference
was the DS Zelda game that we ended up getting a little later in the year.
Also, OnLive and their on-demand game streaming.
Do you remember hearing about this, OnLive?
Do you think OnLive is something to take seriously,
this whole on-demand game streaming in the future?
It was supposed to be top-tier games from EA, Take-Two, Ubisoft.
They will be on your PC and soon TVs later in the year,
although of course that never happened.
What do you think about OnLive in the future of that?
I think that if it works like they say it is, then it's a good thing.
I mean, it'll be pretty popular because everybody's really digging
into streaming stuff nowadays, especially with Netflix
and other video services out there.
Steam as a digital distribution platform has done pretty well,
so combining the two is not a bad thing.
I think, though, reality is going to be slightly different than what's promised.
I mean, it seems very hard to fathom that something like that is going to work.
But hey, if it does, whatever the technology may be, then more power to them.
And I'm sure if it works out for them,
then the big three will probably try to find a way to do it themselves.
Some of the news as we moved into April.
Will Wright left EA.
I kind of forgot that that happened,
but that's when an epic designer leaves a big company like that.
You always kind of wonder what the heck is going on there.
Also, the disappointing sales of Chinatown Wars.
Remember how in 2008, Nintendo got up there at E3 and said,
hey, we've got a Grand Theft Auto game coming to the DS.
It's going to be awesome, and it's going to try to get some of those hardcore players on our unit.
It sold under 90,000 units in March, which is considered a disappointment.
What happened with Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars?
I didn't really care for it that much,
and it's mainly because it's kind of going back to the old school game.
I think we remember back in the day the old school one was pretty fun.
But now that we have the newer ones, it's like,
well, it's cool and all, but I would have rather had something more like the PSP.
And there seems to be like, oh, well, you can't do that on the Nintendo system.
It's just not powerful enough.
But then we have Cop the Recruit that comes out.
It looks just like the old PSP Grand Theft Auto games.
And we have to go back to Rockstar and go, what the fuck?
So you can do it, but you just didn't.
You didn't really put the effort into it.
Instead, you made these little mini games that involved the DS stylus.
I guess that's neat and all, but it just really didn't hook me in like the other ones.
I guess my standards have gone up since one and two.
Well, not a lot happened in May, but then we got into June,
and June was, of course, the big E3 expo.
And at E3 was when we got a hell of a lot of news,
including the unveiling of Project Natal from Microsoft,
Sony showing their ice cream cone controller,
whatever that thing is supposed to be for their motion sensing,
and then Nintendo showing the Wii Vitality sensor.
Looking back on E3 this year, any kind of thoughts about how the show went
or kind of where we are now six months later?
I think everyone was still pooping themselves over Natal.
I think that Nintendo disappointed once again, you know,
not as bad as the year prior, but this year was kind of pathetic.
And I'm sorry, the Wii Vitality sensor.
Okay, remember with the Wii Fit Balance Board, it's like,
oh, it's going to revolutionize how you do these exercise games and stuff.
And great, now we have a bunch of these games
that have the Balance Board sensors in there,
and we use it, and okay, that's great.
Not a real huge step, I guess, but it's neat nonetheless.
The Vitality sensor, I'm sorry, I don't see what the point is of this.
I just don't get it, and I know they're going to have that stupid game,
Wii Relax, come out.
Great, you'll sell some copies of that, but I think it's crap.
What happened to that Metroid game that Teen Ninja was doing?
I mean, we saw a neat little preview of E3,
and it's literally not a damn thing since then.
Yeah, it's promises of stuff that will come later on, like next year.
I'll be surprised if that game comes out this year.
I will be surprised.
2010, you mean?
Yeah, 2010.
I'll be surprised if it makes it out in 2010,
but I don't know, it's just excuses and delays.
A lot of the stuff, and they keep trying,
it's almost like they're trying to grasp at, you know,
they have like this really boring presentation,
and they're trying to grasp at like the hardcore players are going like,
fuck this, I'm out of here, you know.
I'm done with this new presentation.
We got the games that you want.
They're coming.
Don't worry, just be patient.
I got to play devil's advocate here, though, because of what I just said.
One of the other things Nintendo revealed at E3 this year,
which was not expected by any means, was New Super Mario Brothers Wii,
which, I'm sorry, is one of the best games that came out this year.
It really was.
Yeah, that's pretty sad that that's the best game that came out this year
from Nintendo, a company that, you know, had really innovative games in the past.
All have been, you know, really great titles,
except recently some of their games that they released are kind of,
eh, you know, whatever, I don't really care.
I mean, seriously, what did they release this year?
Let me think here.
So we had Wii Fit Plus, which was basically just a port of Wii Fit,
now with some added crap on there,
and we're going to throw it in for a discount just to capitalize on Wii Fit again,
because people may have forgotten about it.
We had Wii Sports Resort, which comes with an extra sensor
that really should have been in the Wii Remote to begin with,
and kind of what they really promised with the Wii from the get-go,
but, oh, we just couldn't do it.
Right.
You just couldn't add that extra sensor in there because it would be too expensive,
or you just want to sell some more peripherals later on.
Okay, great.
So you repackaged Wii Sports, and we threw it back out there again.
Okay, then you have, you know, New Super Mario Bros. Wii, which is fine.
It's your traditional Mario Bros. game, which is really what a lot of people look for,
because, you know, God forbid...
And it was great!
It was a great game that came out this year.
Yeah, that, okay, and then Metroid Prime Trilogy,
which was just a rehash of some old stuff.
Then they added the new Play Control series,
which is basically ported GameCube games that they've added some Wii controls to.
Great! I'm glad you have the ability to port GameCube games and add Waggle to them.
Way to be innovative.
I'm sorry, it's just, you know, in looking at the first quarter slate for Nintendo,
let's see, we have a remake of a couple Pokemon games.
We have another Endless Ocean game, which, you know, the first one was kind of neat,
but I don't think it really warranted a sequel.
And then we have, let's see here, another cooking sim,
which, to be honest, is exactly the same as the last cooking game that they had for Nintendo.
I kid you not, the descriptions are almost identical,
except they changed the name of the game,
you know, because some people might, you know, get fooled by that.
And what do they have other than, you know, the Zelda game for the DS, which was kind of cool.
Let's see, they had some style simulation games,
because God forbid there's not enough of those on the DS,
you know, between Ubisoft and Dreamcatcher,
there's so many damn games for girls.
I mean, it just got lost in the fray right there.
And a lot of things that they release,
I think Nintendo thinks that their name's going to sell these titles.
Well, that's not been the case.
Fossil Fighters? Hello.
There's been other games that have been put out exactly the same as that.
It's just they just don't get it,
and I'm sure they're going to promise some more stuff,
maybe Pikmin 3, and then everyone will shit their pants,
because it's Pikmin 3, and it's going to come out.
It's going to be exactly the same as Pikmin 2,
which just was some extra shit,
and people are going to buy into it because they're fucking cheap.
Well, we know Galaxy 2 is on the way, too.
And I'm glad that New Super Mario Brothers,
a completely original game,
God forbid that it was like another New Super Mario Brothers game that came out on,
oh, the DS. Oh, that's right.
Very similar to that, except now we have four players,
because it's a party game.
Oh, party, because that's so awesome.
You can play a single-player mode, and it's still a rewarding experience, I think.
And there are new power-ups and new things they do in it.
Oh, new power-ups.
That's totally new for a Mario game, you bastard.
New power-ups.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I take everything back that I said about Nintendo.
Well, if they have new power-ups in there, then God forbid, Game of the Year.
And Super Mario Galaxy 2,
yeah, I'm sure that'll be very different than Galaxy 1.
Oh, we added some different levels now.
Praise us.
All the work's been done on the engine before,
but now we have new levels and new gimmicks,
and you're going to think, oh, my God, it's so awesome.
And yell in that same little girly voice.
Maybe we'll get Twilight Princess 2.
It'll be exactly the same as Twilight Princess 1,
but it'll have some slightly new levels in it.
You know there's going to be the Zelda...
Maybe they'll fuse them and do Majora's Princess.
You know there's going to be the Zelda game.
That's going to be the big thing they're going to unveil at E3 this year.
Mark my words, 2010 predictions.
New Zelda will be the thing.
Nintendo tries to redeem themselves with this year.
You know what's great about Nintendo, though?
Their fans are so dumb and so forgiving of everything that they do,
they'll sell a million copies no matter what they do.
They could shit in a box and call it Metroid
and give it to you and you'd buy it because you're fucking stupid.
Way to go, folks.
You know, anything that you want them to do correctly,
they're never going to do anymore because, you know what,
you'll buy their shit.
I'm sorry, I still stand by it.
As much as you're calling it recycled garbage and all this stuff,
if it's still a good game,
I think Mario Galaxy 2 has the potential to be really awesome
because Galaxy 1 was great
and if they just improve on that, it's going to get even better.
I mean, you can't say that they don't have sequels and rehash shit
on the 360 and the PS3 as well.
Oh, they do. I call them out for it.
We have a game that comes out every year that's a rehash of the last year's game.
We call it Madden.
And NBA Live.
And NBA 2K.
And Dance Dance Revolution.
And Dance Dance Revolution.
And God forbid, you know, Call of Duty.
There's a lot of companies that are guilty of that,
but the fact that Nintendo has the balls to go,
hey, look, we're taking these GameCube games
and we're putting them on the Wii.
They're new because they're now on the Wii.
We didn't really do anything to them other than change the controls.
If that's the case, where the fuck is my F-Zero?
That is the one GameCube game I have yet to see come over to the Wii.
And might I point out, not only is it just a GameCube game,
it was the best fucking GameCube game that ever came out.
Well, I'm sorry, they have to do Donkey Kong's Jungle Beat first
because apparently people like that game.
It didn't sell very well with the bongos, but hey, you know.
And you know what, we can also do a Donkey Kong racing game
that used to be with the bongos,
but no, now we're just going to add some sort of wacky controls.
Three words. Three words.
Fuck Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is best left to the memory of the Super Nintendo
awesomely 3D rendered games Donkey Kong countries that were there.
I'm over it. Let's move on.
Where's my F-Zero game that I can play online?
Dude, where's my good updated Star Fox?
And they always manage to take their sequels and fuck them over in some way.
Perfect example, Excite Truck, the best racing game on the Wii.
Sequel set to come out, Excite Bots Trick Racing.
What the fuck did you do there?
Oh, people like Transformers.
What the fuck does throwing a pie at a clown have anything to do with racing?
It doesn't have anything to do with racing.
And God forbid they just shit on that sequel.
But I was an idiot and bought it because, you know,
I had hope that it was going to be as good as the original,
but no, it wasn't.
Fool me once.
You will not fool me twice.
I see some chat, and the chat's kind of flying right now.
I can't really keep up with it, but I do see Game Guru
saying something about the God of War collection.
It's God of War 1 and 2 in HD.
Rar. I mean, does that fall into-
At least it's in HD.
If they improve the graphics on the Wii games on those new play control games,
hey, that's different, okay?
Because that's, you know-
Well, would they have widescreen now?
Oh.
Well, I take it all back.
But might I point out, F-Zero, again,
which I worship that game's cock because it's amazing,
F-Zero on the GameCube had widescreen support.
It had, if I remember right, progressive scan support
and all that fancy stuff on the GameCube.
Same with God of War 2.
That also had 720p support through a code.
Can we move on past the Nintendo hatred?
Yes, we can.
And the thousands of subscribers.
We just lost all the Nintendo fanboys,
crying in the corner.
I still stand by, you know what, again,
the thing that pisses me off about Nintendo
is that it's not that I don't disagree with Loki.
Most of what he's saying I pretend to agree with,
but then they release that one fucking game
that's so fucking great, I have to have it,
and it justifies the purchase of a Wii.
And you have all this shit out there flooding the market
in that one game on the goddamn Wii
that you just aren't going to get anywhere else,
like New Super Mario Brothers Wii.
Just like Mario Kart, Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64,
the best fucking deathmatch battle mode ever
was in those games.
And then the GameCube and the Wii version,
they just like, eh, let's just fucking ruin it.
We don't know what plays that.
Who cares?
We'll just fuck it over, because no one.
You think that's how the boardroom meetings go?
Let's fuck this game up just for fun today.
We're in a recession.
Let's have fun with it.
All they had to do was leave it exactly the same
and just make new levels.
That's it.
No improvement needed.
It was perfect the way it was.
But somehow they just go, eh, no!
Throwing it together!
And they just ruined the whole thing
because they wanted to improve upon it.
Way to go!
Have you ever heard the phrase, you know,
if it ain't broke, don't fix it?
All right, let's move on.
Yes, please.
All right.
How about July?
Hey, July.
Some publishers went kaput in July.
Eidos got retired, because obviously it folded
into Square Enix,
and so they don't really use the Eidos label anymore.
And Midway closed.
Remember all this stuff that was going on with Midway
and bankruptcy and LOL liquidation
and all this stuff that was going on with Midway
and all their assets?
What happened to Midway?
Loki, what happened?
Maybe I should go to dark soccer for a little while.
I need a little less angst over here.
What happened to Midway?
It's just decision after decision, I think.
It was inevitable, especially given how many...
You want to go ahead and open the door?
I think that it was just given... what?
No, I just would get some cool air in here.
It's getting stuffy, that's all.
Rob, it's just me.
Well, Loki's ranting.
Just got the temperature up in here about 10 degrees,
so I needed it to cool off a little bit.
Sorry, dark soccer.
I think that it was just...
It was bound to happen.
You know, they've been losing money.
And, you know, especially given,
weren't they still the ones who solely owned
the Mortal Kombat franchise for a while?
Those games certainly weren't doing much of anything.
Yeah, sadly.
I mean, they had the DC Universe game, but it was...
That was crap.
Yeah.
I think it was just inevitable.
Because apparently Blitz League did not pay the bills.
And then their next genius idea,
which thankfully never came out,
This is Vegas.
Yes, the game that simulates going to Vegas.
Partying, driving cars, having sex with women, and gambling.
What?
Let's see, some of the news that came out of August.
Apparently Wii Sports Resort was the best-selling game of August.
There you go, Loki.
I thought I'd mention that just for you.
And the PlayStation 3 Slim was unveiled.
So let's get away from Nintendo for a minute here
and talk about maybe the PlayStation 3,
because I think this was probably the smartest thing Sony did all year.
It was something they should have done a year ago,
was drop the price down to $299.
Yes, they were retarded from the get-go,
saying, oh yeah, our system's going to be $599.
What?
Don't you remember that YouTube?
Because I know we played it on this show like a million times.
It was the press conference in under a minute that would go,
$599 US dollars, $599 US dollars.
And just like over and over again.
Because that really was the moment.
Everybody was so jazzed about the PlayStation 3,
and then they're like, it's going to be $599.
And everybody's like, I remember us watching that on TV.
We're like, are you fucking kidding me?
Or Africa.
Which finally came out this year, didn't it?
And it sucked.
Well, I'm trying to find that real quick,
since we are talking about the decade here.
Oh yes, here's one of the highlights of the decade,
the 2006 Sony press conference.
I love this clip.
It's one of my favorite YouTubes of the year.
So let's just take a look back at how we got to the slim
finally this year at $299.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kaz Harai.
Ridge Racer.
The essence of the PlayStation DNA is real change,
and the consumers are ready.
Genji 2 is an Ashen game, which is based on Japanese history.
Ridge Racer.
Being based on history, the stages of the game
can also be based on famous battles,
which actually took place in ancient Japan.
So here's this giant enemy crab.
Ridge Racer.
And you attack its weak point for massive damage.
It's Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
PlayStation 3 will retail for $599.
$599.
$599.
Giant enemy crab.
$599.
$599.
$599 US dollars.
It's Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
That is the best thing to come out of the decade,
by the way, in gaming, was that little one-minute clip
from YouTube user macaw45.
Congratulations.
Why didn't they do it sooner, Loki?
Why didn't Sony figure out,
maybe we should have dropped the price a long time ago.
Were they just stubborn with the whole Blu-ray thing?
If they would have dropped the price sooner,
they would have sold more units,
but they would have also lost their ass
from the cost of the system.
And the problem was just building a system
with that much in components in the first place,
it's tough to justify.
So they ended up having to cut some corners and stuff,
and once the prices of the components came down,
they could actually justify dropping the price of the system.
It was a little late, so they have some catching up to do,
but we'll see.
September, some other companies followed along
with some price drops.
The Wii dropped to $200.
That happened in September.
And some of the information came out about the PSP Go
that there would be no conversion that happens.
Like if you own a UMD and you want to upgrade to the PSP Go,
you can rebuy your game because of licensing issues.
Licensing issues.
But wait, the PSP Go wasn't confirmed yet, was it?
I think by September it was.
They showed it at E3, dummy.
No, it wasn't at E3.
Yes it was, it was in that back room, wasn't it?
You were wrong.
I could have sworn it was there.
PSP Go was not at E3.
PSP Go was shown at Gamescom.
Fine.
So by September, Gamescom happened anyway.
Let's see, and then moving on into more recent things
that happened to sum up 2009.
Well, when the PSP Go finally did launch in October,
that added 100 PSP games to the PlayStation Network.
And that was really some of the biggest stuff that came out.
Otherwise, some of the stuff about Modern Warfare 2
was coming out pretty soon.
And some news about the DSi XL,
although that hasn't come out yet.
The early news of that came out in October.
DSi XL.
What do you think?
It's just, it's unnecessary.
I'm really at the point of all of this that I'm like,
whatever, people are gonna buy it, whatever,
I'm not getting one.
Not yet anyway.
It's unnecessary, it really is.
Let's keep shrinking down the system.
Oh wait, let's make it bigger.
Okay, put the Game Boy Advance slot back in it then,
if you're gonna make it bigger.
Oh no, we can't do that.
Alright.
What's the point of making the screens bigger?
For old people.
Because bigger's better.
Yeah, it's for old people.
But remember, remember with the Game Boy Advance,
smaller was better, hence the micro.
And then that didn't sell very well,
so they must have said, oh, never mind, bigger's better.
Right?
And it's a spectator system now, remember?
Because people want to watch you play DSi games.
Then I suggest you put a video out on the system.
There's a thought.
Play it on your TV.
And yes, I understand that wouldn't really make sense,
you know, playing a DSi on a TV since it's dual screen,
but hey, you could maybe split the video signal or something,
or you could just put the top screen on there.
Bottom screen, whatever.
Just jamming through the last couple months here,
because they did just happen.
In November, of course, EA cut 1,500 jobs.
That was 17% of their games.
Canceled a dozen games.
Not good year for EA in that department,
because that was the second big layoff story we got out of EA in the year.
And that was also the month where we had a funny story
about how World of Warcraft was closed in China for three months,
and we kind of joked about what would happen
if you couldn't log into World of Warcraft for three months.
There would be some people that just wouldn't know what to do with themselves.
People would go outdoors.
I know it would be.
And then they would take all my oxygen.
What can we do about that?
And then one of my favorite rumors that came out in December
that Logitech apparently is making a UMD add-on for the PSP Go.
I mean, how ridiculous is that idea?
A, why would it be coming from Logitech,
unless I guess they're doing it on behalf of Sony or whatever,
but still, just what?
It's dumb.
Isn't that the point?
First off, why would you buy that?
I don't understand why you would even pay the money to buy a UMD add-on
for a system that was more expensive than the PSP 3000 in the first place.
And the PSP 3000 has everything that the Go has,
with the exception of the Bluetooth, which is fine.
But I also don't understand why you would do that.
You'd have to be pretty dumb.
Just pull the PSP Go off shelves already and cut your losses
and make a PSP 2 or something.
I don't know.
All right.
That does it for kind of our year, a little wrap-up there,
kind of walking down memory lane and some of the stories there.
We're going to get to the decade in a little bit.
I'm going to kind of just open up the Skype line
to kind of talk about the decade.
We'll get to that in a minute,
but of course we do have some segments we like to do here every week
on Orange Lounge Radio.
And one of them is very important.
It's our moments of angst,
because there were a lot of stupid people this year
and stupid people that robbed things,
like that guy who stole the Xbox and then played it
so they were able to find who they were.
Just a lot of stupidity out there.
He who shall not be named, the lawyer that was disbarred,
one of my personal highlights of the year 2000 to 2010 and so forth.
Anyhow, we're going to call this our FUs of the Week.
But in some regards, maybe this is the FUs of the Decade.
I don't know.
Here they are, the FUs of the Week.
I actually do have an FU of the Week,
which just goes to the TSA for putting in stricter ticket rules, I guess,
where your name has to fully match.
And my credit card information, when I buy my ticket,
it's going to come up under my name as I have it listed for my billing information,
which is not exactly how my name shows on my license.
So yeah, annoying.
But that's about it.
And then as far as the year or the decade, I should say,
the biggest FU has actually already happened, Rob.
What's got disbarred?
If that's not a ginormous FU, I don't know what is.
All right, fair enough.
Loki, what are your FUs of the Week and the Decade?
I don't really know.
I guess FU2, I don't really have anything.
I guess FU2, myself, for not being able to play a lot of games during the holiday break,
I think a lot of time I wasted trying to get games for my main cabinet,
which I should just really play on the main cabinet,
because I have, what, thousands of games on there already,
and I haven't touched most of them.
So why do I need more games?
I know, because I need more of everything.
That's why.
And then the FU of the Decade goes to...
God, I don't even know.
That's tough to just nail down one thing.
I guess...
To Nintendo for disappointing us on a consistent basis.
Hey, God damn it, embrace online!
My FU of the Week, I don't know, I'm not super angsty.
My FU of the Week goes to selfishness,
because I think there's some selfish people out there I'm learning about,
and I don't like it.
My FU of the Decade goes to people that steal things that aren't theirs.
You might remember this decade, my car was broken into a multitude of times.
We had these people talking about stealing Xboxes and so forth
that stupidly sign on to them online, stealing passwords
and using them to hack people's accounts.
FU to people that don't have the common decency to not touch shit that isn't theirs.
Oh, and FU to Proposition 8, that was pretty fucked up too.
Hey, back to the show.
How about the segment of the show where we open up ye old mailbag
and see what our listeners have to say?
That would be at our mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com address.
We have two emails.
Alrighty.
First one, hey, OLR, I was in Spanish class a few days ago
and thinking about the new year.
We should have been focusing on Spanish.
Then I started thinking about really crappy games with peripherals
that no one will buy like Band Hero and Tony Hawk Ride.
So my question to you is what are your peripheral predictions for the new year?
Personally, mine will be a knife and fork and stuff like that
for a new Cooking Mama game.
They've already done that actually.
Well, you know, there's actually a burger flipping ticket game
that came out in Japan.
I think that we're going to get Boonga Boonga for the home
and it comes with a real finger to butt peripheral.
Whatever happened to the table flipping game that was out in Japan?
I'd like to see that out of here.
It's out in Japan. That's about it.
What about here?
I wonder if Boonga Boonga is actually emulated in MAME yet.
Go get it. Go get it, Loki.
Because if it is, that would be one hell of a fun game to make a peripheral for.
Dot, dot, dot.
As far as the rest of the email, what I think next year as far as peripherals go,
you already know it's the motion sensing stuff.
Natal and the ice cream cones from Sony.
Those are going to be the huge things, game changers, that come out next year.
They're also going to come out with the, I think,
not just necessarily something that reads your motion,
but also, you know, I would actually like to see something
that doesn't necessarily view your motion as much as
checks your coordination, you know what I mean?
Like it gives you something like a full motion sensing DDR
where it gives you your commands and then you have to mimic exactly.
Or even, you know, or even charades online.
Could you imagine that?
You know what I don't want to see?
That would be fun. I like that charades online idea.
But what I don't want to see is this whole brain scanning thing.
Have you heard about the brain devices?
Like the game that you control with your brain and all this stuff?
I don't like that idea.
I don't like that at all.
I hope that isn't where peripherals go next year.
I just, I don't like the whole thought reading thing.
It's kind of a little freaky to me.
Call me a warrior or whatever.
I just, you know, just a little weird.
Anything else in the mail, Ag?
Yes. Well, there's still more to that one.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, Rob, duh.
Sorry, I have to give you a hard time.
As soon as I can find where the crap my thing went to.
There we go.
Also, I wondered where you guys get your news from.
Do you have a set or are you all over the place?
My favorite right now is games with a Z traffic dot com.
Look it up. Thanks, Mike.
I think you just gave somebody a free plug.
Why not? I don't mind.
Alright.
You know, I go Eurogamer for a lot of my stuff.
I use Google Reader and I feed several different websites into Google Reader.
You know why Google Reader is awesome?
Because, like, anybody that tries to firewall access to certain sites at certain places,
Google Reader gets around that.
Yes.
Also, another one.
Hi, everyone.
This is from Spazinator, by the way.
Hi, everyone. Seeing as this is topics and questions may possibly run a little long,
I opted to send them via email rather than Twitter.
Seeing as it's the end of the year and traditionally everyone seemingly does a top ten list of some sort,
why not have the O.L. Army do one?
But do one with a twist.
What I had in mind was a list of top games that came out this year that you love to have
the Hillary Clintons and the Voldemorts of the world be forced to play nonstop for days on end
just to drive them all crazy.
Well, even crazier than they already happen to be.
Also, seeing as the year is virtually over, I have two questions.
Compared to 2008, how do you feel about 2009 fared in regards to game releases,
sales of both consoles and games, as well as improvements to consoles,
and or their online services, both in terms of actual hardware revisions,
or as well as firmware updates.
I have no opinion. It's about the same.
I've got to say, I think 09 has been a lot more disappointing than 08.
I think we've had a lot of disappointments this year.
Games getting pushed back, quality of games, you know, don't seem to be up there.
I mean, there's lots of exceptions to this rule, don't get me wrong.
Of course, there's been some real gems that have been released this year,
but I think layoffs, et cetera, it's been a lot of disappointment this year.
I don't think there's a lot of good that came out of this year.
Except for, yeah, I got nothing.
President Cat is the good thing that came out this year, that's it.
Two, and as far as 2010 is concerned,
is there anything in particular that's been announced that you three are eagerly awaiting?
Do you have any possible predictions for 2010?
Or at least something you hope to see happen?
I hope that we get President Cat.
To kind of piggyback on what Loki was ranting about earlier,
I would really like to see Nintendo come out at E3
and do the system they should have done last time.
I understand that Wii was their gamble, yay for them, they won.
I would like to see them kind of take that up to the next level
and catch up finally to where their competitors are at
as far as the hardcore gamers are concerned,
with the HD and the online and all that fun stuff.
It's not going to happen, but you asked what I want to see.
And I'm always a big fan of more retro goodness,
so I would like to see more retro games coming back,
this whole achievements and trophies and cooperative online play.
I'm a big fan of all that stuff.
I wish the Virtual Console had achievements within it,
or ways that I could experience all these old games again with friends.
As neat as Virtual Console is for some of the great retro games,
it feels very lazy to me.
It's just an emulator you're paying for.
And to be fair, Xbox 360 has a lot of these games in their arcade, too.
I'm not just picking on Nintendo here.
A lot of arcade releases on 360,
and Microsoft finally put their foot down on this,
was just retro stuff that would throw in some achievements.
I don't know, I just would like to see retro games.
It has been a decent year for retro gaming.
I think it has been a decent year, though, for retro gaming already.
Because we've gotten certainly a lot of nods,
I mean, Bionic Commando, and...
You know, I really, though, want to see something really innovative.
I want to see something really original.
I want to see a game.
I want to see working designs come back,
and bring out all the cool stuff from Japan.
That's what I want.
I'm holding my breath.
Is that it for that email?
Or is there more?
I think that's it.
All right.
Yeah, that's it.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchrater.com is the place to send your emails.
Now we'll get into the decade a little bit,
and I don't want to linger too long on this,
but it's interesting that we're getting to the close of another decade here,
the O's or whatever we're going to end up calling these in the past.
If you think about it, it started.
Let me just rewind ten years ago here,
and I realize the majority of our listeners are somewhere between 18 and 25,
meaning when this decade started, you were between 8 and 15.
So, I mean, games have kind of evolved with many of you,
and of course, not all of our listeners.
Heck, the hosts don't fit into that age bracket.
I'm considerably older than that, as we all are,
but I realize that that's where a lot of the listener base is,
and just how much games have changed.
Just to kind of rewind ten years and show you how far we've come.
Here are some of the big things that happened in the year 2000.
PlayStation 2 was launched in the year 2000.
That's when the PlayStation 2 came out.
Let's see.
Nintendo finally sold its 100th millionth Game Boy handheld console.
Sega launched Sega Net into the year 2000,
and that's when the Dreamcast Championships took off.
Some of the games that came out in the year 2000.
The Sims came out January 31st of the year 2000.
I think it was almost ten years old.
Thief 2 came out in the year 2000.
Vagrant Story.
EverQuest came out in the year 2000.
Deus Ex.
Diablo 2 was from the year 2000.
That game feels even older.
Final Fantasy IX had a release in Japan in the year 2000.
Chrono Cross came out in 2000.
Dragon Quest VII.
American McGee's Alice.
The Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask was in the year 2000.
What else we also had that year?
Seaman.
Was that really?
Seaman, do they have a lot of Dreamcast stuff on there?
Yeah, they account for Dreamcast on this list.
I think Seaman might have either been 2000 or 2001.
But yeah, the Dreamcast stuff was all early.
Escape from Monkey Island.
Tekken Tag Tournament.
Final Fantasy IX got its release over here too.
Skies of Arcadia.
Banjo-Tooie.
Here's some Dreamcast.
Grandia 2 came out towards the end of the year 2000.
Grandia 2, I played a lot of that.
I played through half of it in Japanese and then I was actually...
That's one of the games that I found out that my Japanese save file worked on the US one.
You know what else game did that?
Power Stone.
Wow.
So, think about it.
I mean, just to kind of go all the way back.
Ten years ago we were a completely different generation of video games.
Because the launch of the new generation, if you will, of games didn't really happen until...
What about 2005, 2006?
I think E3 is when we started hearing about this new round of consoles.
And then you go back.
I mean, heck, the GameCube just came out in, what, like 01?
Now we have the Wii.
I mean, we've gone through many, many different game systems in this generation.
So we would have had that all touched this last ten years.
We had the Dreamcast, the PlayStation 2, the PlayStation 3, the GameCube, the Wii, the Xbox.
Microsoft got into gaming in these past few years, or not even ten years ago.
And the Xbox 360.
And then, of course, I'm not even counting handhelds and the countless amounts of those.
And, you know, other one-off systems that came out as well.
So it's going to be interesting, you know, in the next ten years, in the next generation,
just how far games go will probably be another generation.
We'll be talking about the PlayStation 4 and other Xboxes.
And maybe other companies that decide to get into gaming.
Or maybe one of these companies will buy another.
Who knows?
It's going to be very interesting to see what happens.
Before we open up the phone calls, and yes, some folks in chat want to point out,
OLR started in 2002.
So while we didn't exist ten years ago, we're getting into our eighth year of broadcasting.
That's quite some time.
It's pretty impressive.
What do you guys think?
And I know this is a very difficult question.
This is a very difficult question.
But what do you guys think were some of the best games to come out of the decade?
The best games to come out of all freaking decade.
Knowing that you have all of those systems available to you.
Not just maybe what was important to you, but what you think was important to gaming in general.
The decade.
Loki, do you want to start? Do you have anything?
DDR Max 2 in the arcade.
Why is that?
It was fun.
It got people back in the arcade because you had stuff that you were working to unlock.
I don't know.
I like 5th Mix too. That came out around the same.
These were also games that brought us together.
We wouldn't have OLR.
As much shit as we give Konami and their music division now, ten years ago was a different story.
We praised them. We loved them.
But they made a lot of mistakes, sadly.
That it? Anything on consoles you want to mention?
Oh yeah, of course.
Like Grand Theft Auto, I want to say 3 I think was around that time.
I know definitely San Andreas was around that time.
And those are pretty significant.
Other things I played that were really fun, let me think.
I like Marvel vs. Capcom 2, but I can't remember when that came out.
I think that was around that time.
Gosh, I don't know. There's a lot of stuff I played.
It's hard to think back ten years. Everything I think about is more recent.
Final Fantasy X was pretty good.
Yeah, that was important.
That was pretty important.
11 for you. You spent a lot of time on that one.
I spent a lot of time on 11. That was fun.
First MMO?
Well, I played a little of my jerks online, but that sucked.
Gosh, yeah, it's tough.
Dark Sakura, anything you want to throw out there as far as your games of the decade?
Portal? Definitely Portal.
Seaman.
DDR?
Well, keep in mind, I got DDR for home in 2000 on Dreamcast.
Rod Caliber Rob.
Rod Caliber is important.
You remember Rod Caliber, don't you?
Yes, that's when you play Soul Caliber with the rod.
Yeah, exactly. Rod Caliber.
Also, I'd have to say, probably as far as shooters go, I'd say Ikaruga, getting Gradius 5.
There was a lot of good games that came out, though, in the decade.
So, I'd really say...
Well, if I say Portal, I should say Nurbacular Drop, because that's really the game that gave us Portal.
A lot of people thinking in interesting directions, especially with having the Dreamcast come out, the Naomi system, Hikaru after that.
Although, I still want Planet Harrier. Where is it?
It doesn't work. I tried it during the beginning of the show.
Damn!
Sorry, it still doesn't work in MAME.
As far as my answer to the question, I've answered this on another show, but to kind of repeat it here on Orange Launch Radio, I think I would split it up into a few categories.
Me and Skype?
No, you left yourself on.
Sorry.
Jamie's trying to have a sidebar conversation with me while I'm trying to talk on the internet.
Anyhow, what was I going to say? Oh yes, the game of the decade. Some things that came up.
My personal favorite game of the decade, I think, was probably Animal Crossing, was one I really remember.
I loved how you...
As much slack as that game got for running around doing nothing, if you really went far with it, where you could go into somebody else's village...
You brought your friend over with a memory card, and I remember we used to do this shit all the time.
Somebody would come over and we'd visit the town and try to get their townspeople to say dirty words and all this stuff.
It was just a lot of fun. And also the fact that it had all the retro Nintendo games in it before Nintendo started gouging the prices for all this stuff.
I just loved that game when it first came out, and it kind of sucks that the game's franchise has been milked through the DS and the Wii versions.
It's just not really as fun anymore as it used to be.
But that very first Animal Crossing that was on the GameCube in America, yes, I realize it's based off a Nintendo 64 game, but I'm not counting that because I didn't have an impact on our culture here in the US.
That first Animal Crossing on the GameCube, I think, was probably one of the best gaming experiences I had all decade.
As far as on a technical level, I know Loki's gonna kind of hate me for this, but I think Wii Sports, you have to recognize, is one of the best games of the decade because it got people to play games who don't play games.
You see Wii Sports in nursing homes, for Christ's sake.
But we didn't want those people playing games!
You still have to recognize, though, that's still money in the gaming industry that can someday make a game you might want to play.
No, it won't, because they'll be catering to these people that don't really care about games, but they like Wii Sports.
Okay, okay, hold on. But without Wii Sports, and basically the Wii in general, would we have Project Natal and the Sony ice cream cones, which may bring us the games you want to play, Loki?
I'm still skeptical on what they're gonna bring out.
I'm skeptical too, but there is a possibility it could be pretty fucking awesome.
And we would have Wii Sports to thank for that, like it or not.
Let's see, also I would say probably a good combination of both of those, both just personal favorite and I think it did a lot for gaming.
World of Warcraft. Haters gonna hate. I know there's a lot of people that are anti-MMOs out there, but I think World of Warcraft did amazing stuff for online games.
I think just for all, I think the way Blizzard kind of caters to the different audiences, Blizzard is like the best PC game maker.
They are. They don't make, name a bad Blizzard game.
I don't think there is one. Like maybe if you want to go back to like the Lost Vikings or shit that was out like years and years ago, but Blizzard, and to be fair, Blizzard doesn't make a lot of games, but World of Warcraft was great.
And they continue to make it better and the expansions have been good and I mean 11 million people play this game and sometimes people you wouldn't expect.
It's kind of created this whole new culture. It's been parodied on South Park and so forth.
Which was a very funny episode.
Yes, it was a very funny episode. I saw this list on Yahoo and I actually thought it was not a bad compilation.
A lot of times I roll my eyes at these sites when they want to do a top 10 games of the decade, but I actually think Yahoo did a decent job.
I wanted to share this with you guys. Again, this is coming from videogames.yahoo.com. This was their picks for the top 10 of the decade.
Number 10 from the year 2007, Super Mario Galaxy. I know Loki is a big fan of that, so Super Mario Galaxy from 2007.
That's alright. I'm just saying Super Mario Galaxy 2 is not going to be that great.
Number 9, Half Life 2.
Definitely.
I think sometimes I've forgotten about game from all of us console hoarding folks, but the orange box did bring this back to the forefront.
Half Life 2 is a hugely important PC game.
Just for the way it integrated story into the shooter game and the graphical level and just the fact that the game, you didn't really go from level to level.
You were immersed in the game.
I think it did a lot for gaming in that regard. That's a pretty good pick.
Some folks will probably put that a lot higher on their list. I don't know, but they put it in number 9.
Again, this list is coming from Yahoo video games and they write little blurbs with each of these I'm not going to read.
Wii Fit they put on their list in the year 2007.
This is the only one I take a little bit of issue with. I get why it's here.
They're putting this here for the same reason I named Wii Sports earlier because it opened up gaming to people that wouldn't usually play games.
But is it a game or is it something that uses a game console to accomplish what it really wants to do? I don't know.
I like this entry. I think this is often overlooked. Number 7, Bejeweled from the year 2001. The original Bejeweled.
I can see that.
I can totally see that too and I think a lot of folks forget what PopCap and casual gaming has done for gaming in this decade.
I think that's a very important game to note.
Number 6, they put Wii Sports. I don't think I need to say anything else with that.
Number 5, they put Halo.
I don't think the Xbox would have survived if it wasn't for Halo.
I think we'd be looking at the Xbox kind of like we look at the Atari Jaguar, honestly.
I think Xbox kind of pushed, and especially Halo 2, kind of pushed the Xbox to what ended up happening on the 360.
I think Halo was huge.
And certainly Yahoo and their video game related site does too.
You know Rob, it's all about Pest Society and Farmville.
And number 4 was Guitar Hero they put on the list.
And it's very interesting having done this as a music game based show when it was a very niche thing.
It's very interesting that we have kind of watched music games explode into the mainstream and a lot of this is because of Guitar Hero.
And they finally did what Konami should have thought to do a long fucking time ago.
Or excuse me, what Konami of Japan should have taken a risk on a long time ago and stopped being so bullheaded when it comes to releasing stuff in the US.
And that is put in the songs that people in the US want to play.
And granted, I know those of us here in studio and a lot of our long time listeners were fans of stuff that Konami was putting in those music games a long time ago.
But we were a niche audience and those games were never going to break through.
Guitar Hero finally broke it through and I think that's important to note.
And it debuted in our living room, in my living room.
That's right, you guys had like a sneak peek.
I wasn't here that day but you and Loki were on the news doing some sneak peek thing with Guitar Hero.
I remember that, that was cool.
That was pretty fun.
Just because I happen to have a big TV that wouldn't, you know, had a better refresh rate.
I just want to point out a lot of our chatters because I'm kind of keeping one eye on chat.orangelandrado.com.
So some interesting comments.
GameGuru, Half Life 2 also introduced Steam onto the world.
That was the first one that had Steam in it.
And then quite a few folks yelling out PEGAL better than Bejeweled.
I love PEGAL.
I do love PEGAL too.
Especially on iPhone.
But I think without Bejeweled you wouldn't have PEGAL.
So I can see why they opted to put PEGAL on the list.
Well I mean, shoot, without Tetris or Puzzle Bobble we wouldn't have, without Plinko we wouldn't have PEGAL.
The number three game on Yahoo's list, The Sims, was the most important game of the decade.
And you know what, I think The Sims was pretty fucking awesome.
It was the best PC selling game for a long time.
It might still be with all those expansions, I'm not sure.
But the number two game is another PC game, World of Warcraft, they put on their list for pretty much the same reasons I did.
So number one game, any guesses?
Big trendy things that haven't been named yet for the game of the decade?
Modern Warfare 2.
It's game of the decade?
Yep, they're going to do that.
Okay.
Uh, I got nothing.
Grand Theft Auto 3 they named as the number one game of the decade, Grand Theft Auto 3.
As it rightly should be.
From 2001.
I thought they would punk out and go.
No, I mean, Grand Theft Auto 3 was really the first sandbox-y type of game like that, right?
And just opened up this whole new type of video game, practically.
I have to admit, usually I look at those lists and roll my eyes, but maybe with the exception of Wii Fit, that was a pretty good list, I gotta say.
Let's see what you guys think about there.
Some of our folks in chat disagree.
I don't know though, I realize Grand Theft Auto 3 might not be the type of game you play, but think about that whole sandbox type of game.
I mean, Grand Theft Auto was really kind of the pioneer in that, and I think without Grand Theft Auto 3 you wouldn't have that.
Anyhow, we're going to go ahead and open up our Skype line and see what you guys have to say about the year in gaming and the decade in gaming.
And honestly, it's just an open forum tonight.
Whatever you guys want to talk about, it's our last show of the decade, so please give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call, or you can always reach us on Skype at username ORANGELOUNGERADIO is the place to call.
Meanwhile, while we wait for some calls to come in, do we have any last minute stories, Loki?
I haven't been looking at last minute stories.
Yeah, I'm sure we do have some.
Oh good, you're saved because we have a call coming in right now, so let's go ahead and take this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is HackDeft.
Hi HackDeft, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, we're talking about, of course, the year in games, the decade in games, or really whatever you want to talk about tonight. What's on your mind?
Well, first of all, I want to wish you a Merry Christmas, a late Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year.
Same to you?
Thanks.
And I want to talk about my game of the year.
Which is?
Possibly.
Forza Motorsport 3.
Ah, okay. That hasn't been mentioned yet on the show, but I can see that as somebody's choice.
What is it about this game that makes it the game of the year for you?
I can explain it in only one phrase. It's racing simulation for dummies.
And why does that make it game of the year? I mean, Mario Kart Wii is kind of racing simulation for dummies, right?
Well, Mario Kart Wii is more like an arcade style of racing, while Forza is more of a simulation like Gran Turismo, where if you make a bad turn, you will crash.
If you go too fast, you'll crash, and if you do everything wrong, you'll crash.
And not like in Gran Turismo or any other racing game, your car has damages, and possibly, well, not possibly, and it will affect your racing.
Is it just the realism in that regard that makes this the game of the year for you, or is it like a graphical achievement, or what is it that just makes this game so awesome?
Everything. It has the graphics, it has the gameplay, it has the online, it has everything you can ask in a game, it has it in racing form.
Like, the online community, I haven't played that much online, but it's good, and it has a lot of options.
You can customize your car in tuning, you can paint it, you can make stickers or decals, and make your own car.
It's like the teddy bear workshop, but in car form.
And like I said, it's a pretty easy game to pick up, because the options let you begin to play, you have a lot of things that help you to race along and complete the challenges and all the tournaments and races you have to compete in.
But if you're truly a racing expert, it also has all that other stuff that makes you like the game.
It makes a real simulation.
Alright, well the only criteria that you really have to use is the type of game that you enjoy, it's just your criteria and no one else's.
So if that's your game of the year, then so be it.
Well, we appreciate the call and you chiming in on your game of the year.
Are there any other quick thoughts you have for us tonight?
Well, other than that, I think that also Street Fighter IV is also a candidate for game of the year.
A game that will offer you as a studio name.
How do you say it? The rebirth of fighting games.
It definitely did energize fighting games in kind of a new way this year.
And it's interesting, having played Tekken 6 this week, I feel like Street Fighter IV did inspire some things in it.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Alright, well thank you so much ActDeaf for the call. You have a great new year and be safe, okay?
Thanks, you too.
Alright, later.
Again, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We are open and taking some calls.
And I know the call, the phones have been ringing.
So we're going to wait here and try to get a call when it comes through.
Of course, now that I say that, nobody's calling in. It's like everybody's waiting because they still hear ActDeaf on the line.
Oh, we got another call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
This is that one across the ocean, AkiRipper.
Hello AkiRipper.
Hello.
So good to hear from you. How are things in your neck of the woods?
It's fun. It's quite fun. We have like, mostly fun, there's like, what is it?
We have like a few feet of snow.
And we have like, well, what is it? Like 20 minus degrees Celsius for a night like around minus something to something degrees.
And, well, yay.
Well, we're talking about, of course, by the way, it's been snowing here a little bit too and that was really creepy when that happened because it usually doesn't snow here.
But it was kind of funny. You'd be very amused at how people freaked out over here at a little bit of snow when it wasn't even really snow.
It was just like an eighth of an inch.
It was like hail that stayed.
I know, really. Anyhow, well, we're talking about, of course, video games and our games of the year and the decade.
Anything you want to bring to this conversation?
Game of the year is Sims 3, judging by the amount that I've played it.
What makes Sims 3 your game of the year? I'm sure DarkSakura wouldn't argue with that, but what was it for you that made that game for you?
Well, I'm new to this whole Sims game, so to say, since Sims 3 was the first Sims game that I really got addicted to.
Add to the following fact that I haven't played WoW in almost a year now, so, well, there is that.
And then there is the following fact that my computers tend to explode every new MMO release.
It happened with Warhammer last year, and it happened with Aion.
And, well, once I get to fix my computers, I have no desire to play any of those MMOs, unfortunately.
What do you think it is? You know, we heard a lot this year about Aion possibly being the first game that's finally going to really challenge WoW,
and then all of a sudden it kind of landed with this big, you know, like it just landed with a thud.
You know, why is it that no MMO can take on WoW, you think?
In my case, I don't know, since, well, as I said, my computers tend to just die a few weeks after it's been released, or the first week it is released.
And, well, there seems to be this unlucky... I have this sudden streak of unlocked, and it's quite annoying.
Other mentions, well, Shadow Complex and Dragon Age Origins.
Even though Dragon Age Origins has been said before, because of the only games I play is mostly like The Sims 3,
so I can't play, haven't played, since Dragon Age Origins that much.
You know, I gotta say, I'm having similar problems, I think, to you in regards to my computer just kind of goes,
eh, can't do it when trying to play Dragon Age. I probably should have picked it up on the console, but I don't know why,
Dragon Age just feels like a game I need to play on the PC, so, you know, and that's where the good deal was.
So, but yeah, that's a game that wasn't really mentioned before, it's a possible Game of the Year contender,
and I think definitely a lot of big, big fans of that game, so.
Other than that, well, this year I actually got a 360, so, well, yay on me. Supposedly so.
A lot of people joined in the Xbox 360 Club and the PS3 Club this year, too, with the Slim.
Anyway, Acre Reaper, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you so much for the call,
and getting in tonight, alright?
Yeah, well, better.
Have a good New Year!
He gets to see it before we do, because of his time zone, just so you know.
So, he'll have to let us know how it is.
Alright, we got another call coming in. Phones, we're getting off the hook tonight.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello, it's Maren.
Hi, Maren, how are you?
I'm very good, thank you. How's everybody in the Orange Lounge Radio studio?
We are doing good. You should know you were here last week.
Yes, I was. I apparently came the wrong weekend.
Geez.
Why's that?
So, anyways, I just wanted to talk about Game of the Year slash Game of the Decade caps.
Please, please, yes. What would be your Game of the Year?
At first, I just wanted to say I'm glad to hear you got home safe, because I know you drove all the way,
and that's not a fun drive.
No.
But what was your Game of the Year and the Game of the Decade?
My Game of the Year definitely was Beatles' rock band.
As DarkSakura knows, because she was at my house visiting in the summer, I am a very, very, very big Beatles fan,
so it was nice to get a rock band game that had a lot of songs that I know,
as opposed to most of them, where I don't know a lot of the songs,
because I'm an old fart and I only listen to oldies music.
There's a lot of people just like you, though, that do that. They don't understand kids today.
No, those kids and their strange music.
So, yeah, it was nice to have a rock band game where I could actually sing all of the songs and enjoy myself.
It wasn't as hardcore, I don't think, as the other rock band games,
but it was fun for me and it was something I really enjoyed.
It was put together beautifully, too, I think is one of the great things about it,
is just visually it's a cool game.
Dude, that bass was awesome.
Yeah, it's really great and I still like every time that I play through the game and I play the end,
there's like one part where Paul starts to sing end in the end and I'm like,
I love you, Paul, it's so great.
It's like you're back in the 1960s screaming at the Ed Sullivan Theater at the Beatles on the stage. Amazing.
And actually what was funny was that I went to, when I was visiting, we played Beatles Rock Band
and Dark Soccer has got the whole woofer sub surround sound, weird, all that crazy stuff.
And when you were playing the songs that were live in Shea Stadium,
one of the speakers that was behind us was all the girls screaming.
And so it was just kind of funny to be playing and hearing girls screaming like crazy behind you.
That's funny.
What about Game of the Decade? Is this also your Game of the Decade or do you have a different pick?
Game of the Decade was kind of more difficult.
I decided to go with something that came out actually at the beginning of the decade and that was Diablo II.
We mentioned that in our 2000 list, yeah?
Yeah, and I think Diablo II definitely paved the way for a lot of the kind of games that we enjoy now,
like World of Warcraft, Warcraft III, things like that.
And it was just overall a really good game and I still play that.
Yeah, there's still a lot of people playing that.
There's still no Diablo III. There's still a lot of people playing Diablo II.
But it's funny you kind of say that Diablo II paved the way for games like WoW because I really do agree.
In fact, I used to kind of joke in World of Warcraft that it really should have just been called World of Diablo
because that's kind of how it plays.
Yeah, it really does.
It plays a little more like Diablo and it is Warcraft.
But yeah, there's so many great games that came out of this decade,
but I think Diablo II really paved the way for a lot of other games and it was just overall really a good game.
Like I said, I still play it, so if it's a game that you can play 10 years later, then that's something worthwhile.
I think that's a darn good pick, so I'm not going to argue with you there.
Maybe even though I picked something different, I can certainly see where Diablo II, without that we would not have had WoW.
So it's a very good pick.
And Battle.net and this whole infrastructure they had to build for that too.
That's something that's continuing to evolve for them.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight before we get to some more calls?
No, that's it. I know you guys are ringing off the hook because I've tried calling in a few times before I got through.
So I'll go ahead and let you go and it was nice chatting with you guys again.
Thank you. It was very good to chat with you too.
I think that we should take this opportunity though for a plug.
I was actually going to say, yeah, before I let her go, I know you guys.
Because this is how I know something's up.
I came to the studio tonight and usually by the time I get here, which is about 5.15ish,
I'm helping Dark Sakura set up kind of the studio and the mic and get the computer on and everything.
Tonight it was already done.
And I'm thinking, something's up.
Either this is my Christmas present.
So something's going on. I'm joking obviously. But what's going on you guys?
Well, we've had our long running segment of my blog, which is Monday Comic Mania.
And it's just where Dark Sakura and I kind of blog about upcoming comics in the week.
And so we decided like last week when I was there to just kind of play around with the idea of doing a podcast of it.
And we got a lot of positive feedback.
So we are starting to do that on a regular basis and we actually did record our second episode today.
It was pretty fun too.
So where can they download the podcast if they want to check that out?
If they want to check that out, they can go to AvengersTower.com.
I see what's going on here. You're trying to ninja Dark Sakura from our show. That's what's going on.
Well, to be fair, I've known Dark Sakura longer than you have.
Alright. Oh, touche.
Yeah, Rob.
Touche. Alright, no. I obviously am a big fan of independent podcasting. I think that's great.
So she's allowed to have a, I don't want to say a solo project because that's not what it is, but a side project.
An affiliate program.
That's right.
You know, we did want to ask you to be the voice of our introduction for our podcast. So we would love to have you do that.
Well, that's a very lovely compliment and I would love to do that. Just let me know what you need me to say and I'll record that for you, okay?
I told you beforehand.
Oh, yeah. You need, you want me to do it after the show tonight. I'll be happy to do that for you tonight. Sure. Sure.
Great. Well, thank you guys.
No problem.
Alright, ToaGak in our chat room, chat.orangelandrater.com wants us to fight over Dark Sakura.
So we will have to settle this in a battle of strip poker, clearly, is the only possible answer.
Alright, we'll make it a date next time that I'm up in Sacramento.
It's going to be one hot date. Yeah.
Oh, baby.
And no, it will not be broadcast on the internet.
Alright. No, Maren, thank you so much for the call. You take care and have a great new year, okay?
You too. Thanks.
Later.
Bochi Kawa in chat says they're just trying to bribe me with the introduction speech.
Alright, let's get to another call. I think this is going to be our last call of the night.
And from what I understand, the 1877 number is not working and I apologize for that. I don't know what the hell's going on.
That would be one of those things I don't find out about until the show starts, so I apologize.
Anyhow, Rama, you're on the phone. What's up?
Well, you couldn't have an end-of-year show without me, guys.
You do seem like a fitting personality to have here at the end of the year. What's on your mind?
Not too much. I just want to give what I thought was my game of the year.
Well, please, what was your game of the year?
Ghostbusters, the video game.
That was awesome.
You know what's funny? Yes, it was.
What was about this game? What made it so goddamn awesome?
You know how whenever you do a movie to video game, the video game generally sucks donkey balls.
Ghostbusters the video game was one of those shining gems where it came out really good.
Granted, it's not really based off the movie. On the same token, it's like a sequel to the first two movies.
But you still kind of go through elements of the first two movies as you play the game, which I thought was fun.
But game of the year, Rama? Is that enough to make this game of the year?
What is it about the game itself that just made you go,
you know, above everything else I played this year, I love this the most?
Well, number one, I'm not a sports fan.
Number two, I am an RPG fan, but I can't sit there and play them enough to say that so-and-so RPG is game of the year.
And I'm kind of fed up with all the music, band, games, so on and so forth.
Are you still there? Hello?
Yeah, I'm right here.
Oh, God, it sounded like you cut out for a minute there. I was like, ah!
Sorry.
No, that's okay. It's just up your genre. It's the genre you want to do and you're just kind of sick of the other saturated genres.
Well, that's fair enough.
What about the bigger question? I don't know if you gave this any thought, but what about the game of the decade?
Game of the decade, wow.
I know, this is so much.
Wow.
I don't think I can really pinpoint a game of the decade. I don't think I really could. I'd actually have to sit there and think about that.
You know, I don't think a lot of people could truly, even though we read this list off of Yahoo and so forth and said, you know, they did a pretty good job at least of where to start,
I don't think you will truly be able to know what the biggest games of the decade were until about five years from now,
when you're really able to look back, accurately look back and say, okay, what games really shaped where we're at now?
You can kind of do that a little bit with the earlier games in the decade. For instance, we were having a chat earlier about how Diablo 2 ultimately shaped World of Warcraft.
You know, I think it'll be interesting to see, because if some of these things like Natal and the Sony ice cream cone fail,
then you can say that maybe Wii Sports wasn't as big as we thought it was. Maybe it really was just a flash in the pan.
But if these two things blow up, then it kind of adds value to Wii Sports in a way.
Pretty much. I mean, I can't really say on the PC side of things with Diablo, because I grew up mostly doing console gaming.
And I had a PC, but nothing worthy of playing half these games that are out there.
And when I saw some of these games in the store, I was always drawing towards the console games.
Yeah, and that's a lot of people in that same boat. There's a lot of people also the exact opposite.
They just can't get into the consoles. They have to play on the PC with the keyboard and the mouse, or it just doesn't work.
It's one of the reasons why I don't play Halo.
Alright. Well, Rama, you're going to be the last call of the year. Do you have anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Yeah, a couple of things. Number one, a few podcast episodes back, you had mentioned whatever happened to Trade West.
Yes.
I think a couple of years after they did Double Dragon, they were acquired by Midway.
Oh, okay. Alright.
So they're pretty much no more, is my assumption.
Sure, sure. And that makes sense, because I want to say Midway did some Double Dragon games later on, so that makes total sense.
And last thing I'll leave this note on to you, Jamie, Matt, thank you.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
No, really. I mean, I tune in every Sunday to listen to you guys talk about gaming, and from time to time, you guys move off of gaming, talk about stuff in your personal lives, which do affect all of us.
And I like the fact that we can come together as a family and discuss some of these things, like Proposition 8 and so forth.
That was something I really appreciate, so it was like that one time, take DV from the gaming, talk about something that's more important, more of an impact in our lives that we need to discuss, and see how we all feel about that.
So that's something I appreciate, and you know what, thank you.
Well, thank you very much. It makes us feel very good about what we do, certainly, and I know that sometimes I'm kind of joking. Sometimes my role on the show is to try and make sure we get back to the games at some point.
Obviously, I've certainly, with some of the things you mentioned, kind of gone astray myself, and I'm really thankful that the audience has let us do that, has come to grow to let us do that, and not expect that we're just going to be all games all the time.
But I think it really speaks, especially this time of year. These are the types of things we think about as the family and what's important to us.
And I think there is a sense of family in our listenership that is astounding, and it's been something that's kind of grown through this whole decade, and it's going to continue on over the next few...
We are the LL Army.
That's right.
It's like, you know, at first I felt like I should be kind of offended that you're bringing in personal stuff, but then I realized, if you guys don't talk about it and bring it up, who is? I mean, we all listen to you guys.
You're like the voice of gaming to us, you know? We're like one giant, happy mafia family.
Oh God, don't put that responsibility on us or we might get scared. No, I...
I've already got a whole bag full of tattoos now.
That's what's up.
You know what's funny is that, you know, and I've said this before, and I know I've gotten into this story on the show a million times, but the very first episode of Orange Lawns Radio, there were 12 people listening.
And we thought we were fucking rock stars because I was like, whoa, double digits. We fucking rock.
You know, like I honestly thought it was like the best thing ever.
But, you know, at the end of the day, I think there were seriously some episodes where we had more people at the house during the taping.
Remember the house we used to do the show from the very beginning? Then there were people that were listening.
But it was just kind of about getting together and having fun and not really caring about the listeners as a number.
Not the listener count.
Yeah, as a number, as an inanimate object that you couldn't really see.
But kind of watching it grow and then kind of get big with the whole podcasting thing into an audience that really interacts with us and so forth has been just really amazing.
Well, it's like every single person that listens to us is a person, not a statistic. You know, we may say, oh, well, 90 people tuned in this week. Yay.
And, oh, this many people downloaded it. But each and every one of you listening to this, either recorded or live right now, you are a person.
And I appreciate that you're all taking time out of your day to dedicate a little time to us.
Not just a little time. This show's fucking long. I don't know if you're aware, but like three, it's up four hours sometimes.
It's an exchange. We'll dedicate our time to you. You dedicate some time to us and it works.
And that really is all we've ever asked. You know, tell people about the show. Help spread the word.
And send me donuts. I really like donuts.
It's a quick little exchange. I mean, I don't mean to cut you guys off, but through the various jobs I've had, as long as I've been listening to the show, I've made sure that I would arrange my schedule so I would listen to you guys.
I stopped what I do on Sundays to come in here and be with you guys, you know?
If it wasn't for you guys, I wouldn't be able to do my own podcast. I mean, I thank you guys for that, you know?
I mean, if it wasn't for you guys, I wouldn't be able to do this, you know?
We want you to come back and see us too.
Because Fannie Mae was a blast.
I'm planning on it. And working on bringing Jodea, Misty, I'm working on it one way or another.
Even if that means I've got to pack them in boxes and ship them metal here, Solid Snake style.
We'll be there for the 4th of July, you know?
Alright. I'm holding you to that.
Dude, I'm actually wanting to get to New York. I mean, I would love to find my way up there sometime.
You know, it's been since I was 17 years old was the last time. The one and only time, I think.
No, I went once when I was an infant, so therefore I don't remember it.
But that was the last time I went to New York.
Look at it this way, Amy. If you come out here, Patty has a room just for you.
The bed is ready and everything. It says Dark Soccer Guest Room right there.
Really?
So who's got $400 I can borrow, huh?
Sister Act is supposed to be on Broadway this next year. I'm coming out there to see that, you know that.
Alright, anyhow, Rama, this is also going on the longest call of the decade.
So I have to say, thank you.
I'm sorry.
No, it was all worth it. Thank you. Have a wonderful night.
And thank you for being a long time supporter of the show. We really appreciate it.
And really a lot of people that called in tonight were in that same boat.
So thank you, Rama. Take care.
Have fun. Take care.
Again, apologies to those that didn't get through.
And apologies that the 877 number apparently was borked and I was unaware.
I didn't do that on purpose. Apologize to you guys who weren't able to get through because of that.
But we are going to leave it at that note. Of course we'll be back here next week.
We always are. To do it all again. Take more calls. Do more emails. Do it again.
Until our lives change and we're just not able to do it anymore.
Don't know when that's going to be. I don't want to focus on that right now.
Let's just focus on what a great decade it's been for video games.
And it's just going to continue to grow and who knows what the future holds.
It's going to be crazy.
Well, it's that part of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Actually, quickly, are there any last minute stories? I forgot to have Loki clear those out.
Just really quickly, stupid things. Like I mentioned before, Dark Void.
Coming out from Capcom. There is also going to be a DSI game coming out as well for Dark Void.
That's being done in the 8-bit retro style. And it's going to be kind of a side-scroller game.
So that's going to be pretty awesome. That'll be out in January for five bucks.
It does look neat.
Aliens vs. Predators getting a special limited edition, including a face-hugger.
Yes, that's right. You get your own very...
I love you!
Your own alien that can hug your face.
And then finally, I just thought this was kind of strange.
Prinny is getting a sequel on the PSP, Prinny 2.
And it's about, apparently, you have to reclaim Aetna's stolen underwear.
Yes, the game is actually called Prinny 2 Dawn of the Great Pantsu War.
And that'll be out in Japan on March 25th.
Pantsu?
Yes.
That's all I had. Oh, and apparently, and I read this and just said,
Eh, that's stupid, but hey, I'll add it to the show roll.
Apparently, John Gosselin's Wii was stolen.
Who gives a shit about that douchebag?
Let him go to the cemetery of news people we just don't care about anymore.
He is no longer relevant. Bam. Done.
Who cares that he had a Wii that got stolen?
Well, sorry.
Sorry, there's also a free New Year's theme for Xbox Live, so you can download that.
Yippie skippy. But look, who cares about some a-hole in his Wii?
Just forget it.
Although I don't think people should steal things, even if the guy is a douchebag,
but now when you steal it, people just report on it.
So now you've done a double bad thing by stealing his Wii.
Rawr.
Anyhow, I don't mean to end this on a negative note, damn you, Loki.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I need to install more games on my main cabinet.
My final thought is I hope I get enough sleep, because I've got to go back to work tomorrow.
Boo.
DarkSahara, your final thought?
Uh...
I only have three words, Rob.
Reject false icons.
A very lovely thought to end on.
Guys, don't forget about Orange Launch Revolution's second mix,
the awesome tribute project that's out there that our fans put together.
All the information is available on OrangeLaunchReview.com,
as well as information on the OLR Madness,
what used to be the March Madness.
That event is going on right now, taking your top 25 picks of all time,
and we'll get into that more in future weeks
when we're not so focused on the weeks and the decades and so forth.
Check out all that on Orange Launch Radio.
Again, if you like the show, all we ask, tell a couple friends about the show.
Thank you guys so much.
Here we are 350 episodes later,
and we're looking forward to doing episode 351 next week.
So we'll be here same time next week to do it all over again,
right after Bobby Black Wolf.
Until then, have a great and safe new year,
and we will see you next decade.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
