Today, December 20th, 2009, is a leaked survey hinting at a paid Playstation network?
What video game related show will soon be on PBS?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
With you as always over the next few hours here on All Games Radio where we tape live.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me is the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
How are you?
I'm alright.
You alright?
Hi.
A little irritated.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Not at me?
Did I do something?
No.
Okay, I was just saying if I ruffled your feathers I'm extremely sorry.
No.
Not at you.
Well the show hasn't really started yet so maybe at the end of the show you'll be mad
at me.
We'll see.
Mom.
I'll try not to though.
Alright and of course say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Who's chowing down on wings right now.
Yes.
Alright.
He's barbecuing.
He's been craving them all week.
Have you really?
Yeah.
Now the whole room smells like barbecue and damn I am hungry.
That's alright.
They're yummy.
Maybe I'll get a taco after the show.
Well thank you.
That makes me feel a lot better to know.
At least you're having yummy food.
How have you been Loki?
I've been fine.
Alright.
We are back of course on Sunday night taping live at All Games Radio www.allgames.com.
We tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, or thereabouts right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
Our old friend Bobby Black Wolf who does a one man band show right before us at 5 o'clock
Pacific.
Although we're starting a little late tonight because we were talking about Game of the
Decade with Bobby.
That was kind of the focus of his show tonight because he's got next week off.
And we were talking about Game of the Decade a little bit on his show.
So if you haven't already listened to his show for the week, be sure you do at some
point by checking out thebobbyblackwolfshow.com and downloading his show because we make
a cameo.
I don't know if you guys know this.
We make a cameo on his show like every week that we have a show as well.
He's been very good about always kind of having a little toss over to us live.
So please support our friend Bobby Black Wolf and also the other fabulous programs they
have at All Games Radio.
And I always say this.
If this is your first time listening to All Games Radio or listening to Orange Lounge
Radio which is a part of that, if this is your first time listening to this show because
maybe a friend sent you over here and you don't know really what the show is about and
you decide to listen to this show tonight, damn these guys suck.
They don't talk about anything I really want to hear about and the games they play are
not the games I play.
You know what?
Go check out a different show at All Games Radio because there's lots of great independently
produced shows that do talk about those other games.
I'm going to admit we're not really going to bring you a lot of chat on Modern Warfare
2.
It's just not the kind of game I play.
I don't think Dark Soccer is really down with the Call of Duty's of the world.
I like Call of Duty.
Do you?
I get motion sick but I like watching Dan play.
Okay well fair enough then.
But you know we have differing opinions sometimes and I'm not saying that's a bad game.
Heck no.
It's not really a game I have time to play because there's so many other games I try
to squeeze in, both retro and current games.
Anyhow, speaking of games, let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about the games
that we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura.
I played Super Mario Wii which is pretty cool if annoying playing multiplayer.
I don't know I just found the multiplayer aspect to be really irritating so it wasn't
fun for me that way.
And a whole crap ton of Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 which if you ignore the whole Civil War
storyline it's actually a really fun game.
I hated the Civil War storyline so.
I'm so glad you finally got around to that because I knew we were talking on last week's
show kind of joking.
I still haven't played this game but I'm glad you finally were able to do it.
We played a decent bit of it.
And I played of course my peggle a bunch and some solitaire and Dan was showing us the
whole zombie thing in Borderlands and doing the brain hunting thing and like it's kind
of funny because the more you have to go back you like find this the one of the characters
buddies who's been turned into a zombie and he's tied to his chair so you have to bring
him brains to eat and he keeps asking for more brains.
So as you you start bringing him you know 10 brains and 25 and 50 and as it keeps going
the eh it goes brains for the name of the thing and but I really I don't know I think
I would be happier playing Mario Wii by myself.
It just.
It can get a little frustrating with you know all the chaos going on.
It gets a lot of frustrating because all I want to do is just to do what I'm doing you
know and it's irritating.
It's a bummer there's not a game like that on the DS where everybody can kind of do their
own thing on their own screen but yet maybe you're still working together and I think
it's for that real element that you're stuck on that screen.
I mean it's both a blessing and a curse you know.
Well if that is it for your gaming week.
Oh yeah and I played some World of Warcraft.
There you go.
And how about the one and only Techmaster Loki.
I didn't play a whole lot this week and not as much as I'd want to finishing up Christmas
gifts and stuff.
So I played you know Grand Theft Auto, Baligate Tony multiplayer kicking ass constantly in
that game.
There's.
It's funny because we play with you know we've been playing ranked matches now so anybody
can join us is you know play around 10 o'clock you know Pacific and 3 p.m. Pacific each day.
So if you just pretty much just join a you know ranked deathmatch game you're probably
going to get into ours.
And it's funny because we laugh at the people that play with us because most of the time
they end up dropping because we're just so intense in the game.
I mean not that we're talking trash them we don't have microphones or anything but we
just kick the crap out of everybody.
Mainly I kick the crap out of everybody but you know there's a little bit coming my way
but it's funny.
And I don't know.
Anyways other than that we've been playing I played more Bayonetta and it's awesome.
I like some of this stuff later on in the game.
You can actually buy new techniques and stuff and one of the techniques I unlocked is like
windmill you know like the breakdancing moves so you spin around with the guns blazing on
your feet or whatever and then she stops and does a freeze pose.
It's awesome.
It's this game is awesome.
I know I'm so excited.
And then completely off of the Xbox 360 I actually played a little bit of salt which
is the new game that's in sodium one.
Honestly had no idea what the hell sodium is and to be honest and I know we're going
to talk about this more later on it wasn't that big a deal to me.
I don't know.
I played that game salt kind of like a hovercraft action game or something like that where you're
blowing up other robotic hovercrafts and stuff and it was neat for a little bit.
You know that's it but it's not something I'd like consistently play.
Well I know we're going to get into it a little later in the show.
I played a little bit of that this week as well and you know although I think the game
itself was a little like I think I played a game like this on the Atari 2600 so this
is a little more souped up you know.
I think technically it's doing some things that we haven't seen home do yet and it's
kind of exciting but we'll get into that a little later.
So yeah that's basically it.
I was going to play some other games on my main cabinet I did try I wanted to play alligator
which is our alligator hunt which I've never heard of the game but it's pretty cool it's
kind of like a shooter I guess an on rails shooter thing and it was kind of neat but
I can't get the ROM to work right I'm doing something wrong with my settings or something
but I don't know it'll be cool.
Well let's see my gaming week obviously if you were listening to last week's show I got
that awesome FC Mobile as a gift for the holidays and I went out on a little bit of a binge
I bought some 8-bit games and I borrowed from the vault so I had NES games galore back at
home including an awesome purchase I made at a local games store I went to where you
suggested Jamie and I don't know if I told you what I got there I don't think I did after
last week but I went to that store we talked about and I don't know if you want to say
it on air or not but I went and got Goonies 2 on the NES which is a game I just remember
for you know it wasn't a spectacular I think when it came out but I think it was also underrated
because a lot of people said what the hell does this have to do with the movie but it
actually was a pretty cool game I also bought Slippeed for the Sega CD which I knew which
I knew Dark Sakura would very much approve of I haven't been able to hook that all up
because I don't have the Sega CD hooked up and I've been very lazy on that because I
was out of town this weekend but that's on my to-do list for the week but 8-bit games
yes I've been binging on a lot of those Rygar on the NES I borrowed from the vault Guardian
Legend of course came from Loki with the system and also picked up which I think is Faxanadu
but I think it's actually Fashanadu or something like that I think the X has a different pronunciation
to it which is a game I remember from my childhood also borrowed that from the vault good times
good 8-bit times so I'm like totally reminiscing this week going to our chat room of course
chat.orangeloungeradio.com the always present fourth guest on the show also commenting on
what's going on tonight start off with Tiger Claw tonight Goonies 2 is a great platform
game but it had those annoying 3D sections yeah especially the front and back thing got
really irritating but you know it wasn't perfect but it still was a game that's out of my memory
but I get what he's saying also as far as my gaming week goes not a whole lot of other
new stuff a little bit of World of Warcraft a little bit of DJ Hero I played that earlier
in the week and got some trophies because I really like DJ Hero it's one of my favorite
games to have come out this year and I don't understand why people are like hating why
it's cool to hate on DJ Hero all of a sudden because maybe it's not selling zillions of
copies like Guitar Hero and Rock Band do I mean I think a lot of this came from those
silly VGA awards that happened was it last week oh yeah that's right because we were
live Saturday not Sunday they happened I guess later Saturday night whatever who cares right
it's just what some people claim to think is the best game of the year when that's an
opinion left to the individual but I guess it created a stir that DJ Hero won best music
game over the Rock Band Beatles I think one can admit they're both really good music games
not to hate on Rock Band Beatles I think it's an amazing game but you know you did have
an existing song list granted you know songs of a generation just huge songs in an existing
engine whereas I think DJ Hero did something new and had some pretty awesome songs I mean
I'm not hating on either game I just think DJ Hero is not as horrible as some of the
haters are making it out to be all of a sudden I would have given it to DJ Hero too and I
think a lot of people like following you in the negative press or whatever and they like
to be right so you know they try to agree with the majority you know because they don't
want to be challenged and stuff like that so that's a lot of it that's why you hear
a lot of people echoing the same you know thoughts because if none of those stats were
posted online or how the internet didn't exist you know these people probably wouldn't think
too poorly upon the game well you know what I say haters to the left because you ain't
right that's right you can quote me on that too that's really it otherwise I also oh one
other quick thing steam's having a big sale this weekend and torchlight is half off and
I played the demo which I talked about a few weeks ago on the show about three weeks ago
or so and I I indulged and bought the full version of that game and I'm very excited
to play that later when I get home so next week I'm sure I'll be talking about that anyhow
that pretty much does it for our gaming weeks a little bit of housekeeping tonight we have
there's actually some big news in housekeeping first the little yet important things out
of the way if you're not following us on twitter please do twitter.com slash olr is our twitter
feed and if you don't have us friended on facebook check it out facebook.com slash orange
lounge radio all run together join our facebook we're up to something like 230 friends on
facebook and that's just not even a month so thank you so much and I understand people
have been spreading the word to friends and all that so thank you guys so much to everyone
who's contributed to that and helping spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio because
you know we do do this show for free speaking of spreading the word how awesome is this
the community myself Jamie Matt we have nothing to do with this honestly I mean we didn't
we didn't help with this we didn't contribute to this but I'll be damned if we don't love
this and support this and that is this olr revolution second mix I'm sure you guys are
familiar this has been on the front of our site and I think it came up last week it's
this DDR step mania skin that has an orange lounge radio theme to it and they've taken
all these songs from the cage match segment if you've ever listened to the show live you
know what that is or kind of inside jokes like I don't know if like the Daytona theme
is in the game but it probably is you know things that are like jokes on this show and
have put them into this yo DDR step mania thing and I guess John or DMN from understation
live did all the announcer voices because you know when when orange launch radio was
a station that show was on our station so you know that's certainly a part of the oil
our family too it's just this whole thing that we didn't do it I wish I could be sitting
here saying hey you should download this game because dark soccer Loki myself worked very
hard on it and you know it's it's what we do but no no it's all the community and the
people on our forums that did this and I'm gonna tell you right up don't expect a VGA
award-winning type of game here I mean it is there's some very silly things in there
I've seen some of the videos on the YouTube channel that they have I believe it's ol revolution
some of the youtubes they have up I I have to admit I've been given an advance copy of
the game but because I was out of town this weekend I didn't get a chance to check it
out so sorry but I saw that I did watch the videos and just looking at some of the songs
that are in it like I'm just I'm facepalming because like they found shit that I did live
where I would sing along to songs because I was that bored and that's what was funny
back in 2002 when we were first learning how to broadcast somebody saved that shit and
is now in this game I mean how embarrassing karaoke I should I should old karaoke I should
not be encouraged God if like a prayer showed up in there I'm gonna die Rob what is it Loki
is like a prayer in there I think it is fuck I found the video for it fuck like seriously
I should not be encouraging people to seek this out it's okay the time that you guys
wanted to do you know the funny stuff again remember we tried to yeah give me the sinker
okey again yeah so oops I did it again is in there as well so great so yeah we I'm
sure we all have a little bit of embarrassment in there but okay whatever you know I can
look past the silliness and the fact that you know what they're doing it cuz you know
somebody thought it was cool as as dumb as it was and they made a game out of it I think
it's awesome and it's such like as individuals who have been doing this for free for going
on eight years now and not really seeing any money out of this in fact oftentimes losing
a lot of money into this it's that that's like total reward right there so thank you
guys so much to the community and everybody that put that together I understand it is
coming out Christmas Eve so stay tuned 1224 of 09 to orange lounge radio.com I think they're
putting the finishing touches on that right now so thank you so much to the community
for putting that together we might get some phone calls of that later I know I gotta tell
earlier in the show about one of the developers behind it is going to call in and tell us
all about it and so we'll find out some more anyhow that's all I have for housekeeping
sorta I want to get into the news tonight but first I want to talk about this because
this didn't make the show world tonight because dark Sakura and Loki really kind of did things
because I was out this weekend so I'm thanks to everybody for picking up the slack because
I wasn't here but I saw something on the internet literally in the 15 minutes I was home between
the time I got back from LA and the time I came over to do orange laundry tonight that
pissed me off and so obviously didn't make the show world because because the others
didn't know about it but I have to say something about it because I'm so angry at this that
I have to say something about it and it has to do with something I actually saw on Kotaku
but it's not Kotaku I'm mad at in fact I think they're great there's lots of great video
game blogs out there that I check regularly as I'm sure most of you do and Kotaku is one
of them and when I was home for a few minutes I checked the site in my reader and saw that
they had just run a story about out magazines gayest games ever list or I think the actual
name of the list is the gayest video games that they put together this list that is running
on out magazine very little journalistic contents content to this nobody signed the article
so I don't know who did it but and if you read it you can pretty much figure out why
I really shouldn't be encouraging you to seek this out because this list is not only stupid
but it's so stupid it's offensive I am offended by this article you want to know why listen
to such gem excerpts such as this the gayest video games obviously I can't read the entire
article but it's because it's copyright but for you know purposes of criticism I can cite
certain pieces of it Super Mario Brothers makes the list which they put a video of Super
Mario Brothers 3 but they describe Super Mario Brothers cleaning pipes and taking names get
it because like cleaning pipes is like a euphemism for gay sex that's so funny let's see moving
on with this Contra two bare-chested dudes on a mission neither can accomplish without
the other widely thought to have influenced any products before she penned the short story
to Brokeback Mountain so you don't have to play the game with two people and anyone that
has spent enough time with this game kind of knows that right yeah let's see what else
oh here was my favorite this is the last one I'm gonna read here burger time the yeah burger
time is apparently a gay video game the slap some meat between those buns tagline was jettisoned
for the less memorable let's get cooking but this 1982 arcade title was created as a witty
and fun commentary on the closeted state of male-to-male sexuality in the early 1980s no
it wasn't it's about a fucking hamburger really really you are a gay magazine and you are
reinforcing these stereotypes that we have all come to hate and despise and try to fight
against in the wake of things like proposition 8 in California and proposition 1 in Maine
and I'm sorry I'm getting loud to those in studio but that's how mad I get like the this
mentality sets back what we've tried to accomplish by going back to these schoolyard tactics
of well if X&Y is true then teehee you must be gay because so-and-so talks with the lisp
you're a faggot do you know how many times I had to hear that growing up and what you're
doing in this magazine article is that any better because they're bare-chested dudes
going on an adventure together this makes this a gay video game I'm sorry I find that
to be offensive nowhere here in this article does it talk about Dragon Age a game where
you can have a same gender relationship if you want or not your choice or how about what
I consider to be one of the most landmark games for homosexual content ever made The
Sims yeah if you want to have a gay relationship go for it if you don't don't what you do in
your walls is your choice does that game come up in this article no because to some junior
high school graduate here it's apparently not funny but putting a list of games in a
blender that are apparently popular and finding deal it's like it's like a four-year-old trying
to force and I said this is part of my comment which by the way funny funny hasn't posted
yet because it has to screen for editorial so watch this content won't appear but as
I said in the comment it's like trying to watch a four-year-old jam a square peg into
a round hole you're creating a list of reasons why they're gay you know it's like when you
read these piss me off to when these gay rags do this they post a list of oh well Jake Gyllenhaal
must be gay because he bottomed for Heath Ledger or he looks good without a shirt off
you know or whatever reason they pick up how is that any better from what you faced as
a homosexual man or a bisexual man or somebody in the minority your entire life how is what
you're saying any better than that because you do one thing you must be gay this list
is stupid this list is has nothing to do with gay people it has nothing to do with video
games it's insulting and I denounce it and if you are a gay man listening to this show
which I've been blessed amongst the seven or eight years to meet many gay people that
listen to the show and have said many nice things about you know what we do here and
all that stuff you should be fucking pissed to hit you are a straight man who plays video
games you should be fucking pissed at this because they don't know what the hell they're
talking about an out magazine if you want to write about video games and hire someone
who knows what the fuck they're talking about when it comes to video games and has the balls
to sign their articles and has the balls to sign their article and has and is going to
sign a check that they're asking cash no pun intended it's just ridiculous I mean my
Oh my God, if Joe and Niki had been on the list, at least I could see that.
I mean, I would think that's a little stupid, but come on.
Jamie, Loki, am I crazy? Do I have a point?
No, you're not crazy. Is that magazine, though, just for men, specifically?
Out Magazine? I don't know. I don't subscribe. I hear it's been around forever.
But clearly you can understand why I'm not going to subscribe to these types of magazines.
As a woman, I'm actually kind of offended by that, too.
I believe Out is specifically targeted at gay men, but I'm sure they're not going to say no to a lesbian who wants to buy it.
I just think that that's completely baffling and silly that they could even pass something like that and think that it would be actually funny.
I mean, if the whole list is strictly for parody, it should say parody, and then maybe. It might be remotely funny.
It still would be about as funny as World War II. It's not funny.
I'm trying to play devil's advocate.
I understand.
That would be the only thing that I could remotely see something like that maybe passing to be posted.
Oh, no, this is satire. This is parody. This is us making fun of other people by sort of the Colbert action, you know what I mean?
How he makes fun of Republicans by acting like an uber-Republican.
But other than that, if there's no type of disclaimer about that, then no.
In fact, actually, I would say don't just post a comment on there.
Actually get their address and mail something in.
I'm curious to see. Just for sake, real quick, I know we're pushed for time tonight, but I just want to read what I said on the article.
Because you may not see this.
Yeah.
If you see this, then they let it run.
We'll post it up on our forums, too.
Here's the comment I made.
As a gay man and a long-time gaming enthusiast, I find this meat compilation to be not only horribly misinformed but offensive.
Nowhere on this list are games mentioned that actually meant anything to gay representation in games.
Love who you want to love in The Sims.
Choose to have a same-gender night of passion in Dragon Age.
Or not.
Not even a frickin' bone tossed at controversial gay content in games such as the hidden kiss in Bully or the lesbian sex scene in Mass Effect.
This article looks like an extremely casual gamer took a list of games that they actually remembered playing as a child, threw them in a blender,
and like a four-year-old trying to put a square peg in a round hole, invented a reason why the game is gay.
It's the equivalent of saying if X is true, well, then it must be gay.
Such as if so-and-so talks with a lisp and has a six-pack, well, they must be gay.
No one likes a stereotype, so why a magazine like this would sink to such a juvenile level is ridiculous.
Shame on you for the space-filling, attention-grabbing, immature piece of garbage.
Because that's what it is. It is garbage.
And I'm mad because I'm so disappointed.
I am so disappointed.
I'm sure whoever wrote this article, assuming they're gay, hell, assuming they're straight working in a gay magazine,
at some point in their life has had a stereotype passed on to them.
And to just turn around and post this crap in the face of that is disappointing.
It's so disappointing that I'm angry.
Out, do the right thing, and renounce this article and apologize.
I demand it.
And if you demand it too, which you should, out.com.
And I don't know. I could read the whole-
Call for a boycott until we do.
Just go to the website and tell someone you're pissed, because I know I'm pissed.
Anyhow.
Maybe I will send us a letter to the editor. I don't know.
Black Wolf says in chat I would send us a letter to the editor.
Maybe I should. I don't know.
We'll see what happens tomorrow.
Remember, remember. I think whether or not it's posted, you should still send it to the editor.
Because keep in mind, what's one of the big things that I personally believe by is that if you don't bring something to the attention of someone who can do something about it, then it's just going to keep going on.
Okay, fair enough. Here's what I'll do.
I will write a letter to the editor if all of you who are just as pissed off as I am will write a letter to the editor too.
I still think you should write it despite everything, but I mean, I'll write one.
I'm trying to encourage everyone.
No, everyone. I'll write one.
Great. Great. Then we have a cause.
This is a much more important cause than President Cat, might I add.
But President Cat's pretty damn important.
President Cat is pretty damn awesome.
Honestly, I want to say this again, because I know not everybody who listens to this show is gay. Duh.
I know we have tons of straight guys, straight gals that listen to this program.
Honestly, if you're a straight guy, this list should piss you off too.
Straight guys. I know there's some that listen. Straight guys that do musical theater.
How many times have you been called gay just because you do musical theater and you like music and you like all that stuff?
Honestly, if you think about what's going on here, it's the same thing.
Yeah.
And you should be offended. You might be more pissed off than I am, honestly.
Contra being an inspiration for Brokeback Mountain, please.
The book was written?
I think the book was probably written before that game ever came out. I'm not sure.
I'll have to find out. But yeah, it's just ridiculous.
Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, I was in band and I played softball for a little while.
Question in the chat room. What about bisexuals or pansexuals or asexuals?
Anyone who hates stereotypes should be offended by this article.
So if you hate bisexual stereotypes, you know, like bisexual or just bisexual because they're sluts.
That's a stereotype.
No, no, no. This is what I get.
Or asexuals or asexual because they can't get any. That's a stereotype. Just like these.
This is the stuff that I get. I'm married, but I've had girlfriends in the past.
And it's just like, oh, well, you're married now, so you're not. It doesn't change.
It just means I found someone I fell in love with. It doesn't change anything.
So I'm totally pissed off by that.
Just do whatever.
I hate stereotypes. I may bring up a stereotype just to make fun of the fact that it exists.
Because I think that if you can't laugh at something, then you're taking life too seriously.
I laugh at the lack of intelligence on that part of these people.
I laugh because it's sad and pathetic.
But there is a time when things do go too far, I think.
Especially from a, quote, trusted resource.
Just honestly, honestly, and I'll leave it with this.
And I know Loki's sitting over there very quiet, probably waiting to get into gaming news.
But let me say this.
Honestly, just do whatever the fuck you want to do.
Kids, go do whatever the fuck you want to do.
Except camels.
Just as long as you don't hurt other people.
And this article hurts.
Right, Loki?
Sure.
Alright.
He has meat.
No, I was going to let you do gaming news.
No, it's fine. I didn't really have anything to contribute.
Am I right? It's stupid.
I saw the article when I was looking for stories.
I was like, eh, no list.
Skip right past it.
And that's pretty much, you know...
So you had the journalistic integrity to go, this is stupid, skip. Right?
I didn't even have to read the list. I just saw the list.
No, gay is video games.
That's dumb. Okay, next.
Well, I clicked it because I was...
Honestly, my curiosity was, oh, I wonder if Dragon Age got really high because it's a new game.
Because I'm thinking, oh, this is going to be like a...
And then when I read it, I was like, my jaw hit the floor.
I was like, I can't believe...
Anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to spend 20 minutes of the show ranting about it.
We can talk about real gaming news now. Real gaming news, folks. Real gaming news.
Anyways, let's start things off with Out Magazine's top gay games list.
Oh, wait, no.
So yes, as rumored and as we've been talking about before,
the water expansion for LittleBigPlanet is going to be hitting the PlayStation Network before Christmas.
And it is coming out this week.
And to kind of tie with it, and I'm surprised I didn't think of it before,
you'll be getting the Pirates of the Caribbean content.
Yes, much like they did with the Metal Gear Solid pack in introducing the Painator,
the water pack will be coming with a Pirates of the Caribbean level pack
to kind of introduce all the elements that are with the water.
And those will be out on the PlayStation Network on the 22nd.
And including with that will be a six-pack of Pirates costumes including Jack Sparrow,
Davy Jones, Will Turner, and some of the other characters in the actual movie.
And also you can get a free cannibal costume as well if you don't want to buy any of that stuff.
At the very least you get a free cannibal costume.
And I can't wait to buy this.
I'm so glad after such a sad, angry news item that we have something that makes me happy again.
And this makes me happy that LittleBigPlanet is still getting some love all this time later.
And I know this has been sprinkled throughout the past few shows.
Isn't it weird that this game is a year old
and I seriously think LittleBigPlanet has come up every show for like the past month
leading up to this, the release of this pack, and I think it's going to be awesome.
I'm excited to see how water is going to change the game, especially in the fan levels.
I mean, don't get me wrong, the Pirates levels are probably going to be awesome
because the Metal Gear Solid levels, that was some of the best bargain DLC.
It was almost like playing a new game for seven, eight bucks.
I'm excited to see what this is going to bring.
Definitely. And it's going to be five pirate themed levels.
They're going to have four new audio tracks in there, new backgrounds, and that kind of stuff.
And I just can't wait to play it. Seriously, this week is going to be awesome.
To kind of go with that, real quick, a little bit LittleBigPlanet related, but not.
There was an advertisement for LittleBigPlanet accessories for the PSP, and this is straight from Sony.
Funny thing about that is, that advertisement lists the PSP 4000 on top of the PSP Go.
Huh.
So perhaps they're going to have another reiteration of the PSP coming out.
Even though the Go is where it's at now, right?
Even though it's still listed on there, but it's actually separate from the PSP Go.
It's the PSP 4000. And I remember back a while ago, they had some graphics for the PSP 4000 as well, a little icon for it, months ago.
So, much like other Sony rumors, I'm going to say that probably we're going to hear about the PSP 4000 within the next few months.
That's really surprising to me, because I would think with the Go, as much of a hard time as we've given it on this program,
you'd think that if the company really believes in it, they're going to put all their might behind it.
But to kind of come out and say, oh well, we're going to go back to the old design and the 4000, which implies by nature that it's like the 3000,
but with some changes, just like all the other iterations before it, that they're going to go away.
In other words, this sounds like it's going to be a UMD-enabled machine.
Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if it's just something simple like adding onboard storage, because that doesn't take up that much space,
and why they couldn't do that in the first place. Or someone was theorizing that they may go the route where they're going to include a camera built in to compete with the DSI,
so that you can use the camera support, since it does support the camera.
They just never have released a camera over here for the PSP, even though it's built into our firmware.
I'm reading some comments from chat room. First, I want to say this about the water piece of LittleBigPlanet.
Ionotropic said, whoops, where was it? I just saw it. It was something about the water. There it is.
Water levels always suck. Do not want. You know what, though?
But think about what the water is going to do in the user-created levels.
That's what's most exciting. I mean, because water means free movement anywhere, right?
No jumping, whatever. It's free movement. That could be very interesting for some of the user-created things.
Yeah. I think. We'll see, though.
ToaGak says in our chat room at chat.orensonsradio.com, 4,000? Are they going to remove features again?
Even the 3,000 lost a feature, the infrared port. Then the Go lost the UMD, so what's this going to lose?
Well, the infrared port, I can understand, because they didn't use it for anything.
I mean, other than Homebrew, which enabled use of it, but it didn't really use it for anything.
I mean, they were going to possibly use it for a keyboard or something, but it never did.
I know what the PSP 4,000 will do. It's going to finally stop piracy for good.
No, wait. For real this time, guys. Don't laugh. Don't laugh. For real.
We're going to stop piracy and Homebrew on the PSP for good. That's what the 4,000 is all about.
That's awesome that you're going to do that, except that there's all these other versions of the PSP out there that people can still pirate on.
Why would they buy a new system that's not going to be able to do what they want to do?
It'd be the equivalent of them making new currency that has all these counterfeiting preventive measures built into it.
But we're going to accept the old currency, too.
Then why would you try to counterfeit the new currency? You're just going to counterfeit the old one. It's stupid.
I like this comment in our chat room. Joshi16 says,
When will the PSP become over 9,000? That's a fair question.
Maybe another five years.
That's a fair question.
All right. Well, moving on to other Sony news.
There's a report out there that apparently there's a survey from an online research company that has been sent out that apparently is looking at interest in a premium subscription to PSN.
Sony's kind of thinking about if they ask for membership fees, they could do some extra goodies and so forth.
For example, hour-long trials for full PS3 titles, access to PS1 classics and cross-game voice chat, which apparently is still not...
I always thought that was kind of there in PS3 games, but apparently it is still not there.
Let's see. Also something called cloud storage, which is similar to what we have with Steam Cloud,
which basically could be an online space where you could store saved data and then you could pull your saved games from this cloud.
So this is very good for when you're going over to friends' houses and so forth.
The survey also drops hints that they're thinking about things like streaming Netflix without a disk, Hulu support, free access to minis, premium things and so forth.
Now, I would not read too much into these types of surveys.
Surveys are surveys.
They're gauging interest and they're going to throw all sorts of possibilities out there that might not have been thought up by Sony.
They might have been thought up by the marketing company.
I mean, it's that old corporate mentality of let's throw things against the wall and see what sticks.
So, I mean, it's not to say that nothing here is ever going to come true.
Someone with power is thinking about it, but I don't think there's need to flail and panic just yet.
Loki? Dark Sakura? What do you think? Agree? Disagree?
Some of it will probably come true because all the Sony rumors seem to come true sooner or later.
They have lasers getting leaked.
I think in some ways, if you think about it, Sony is already doing a pay for membership system.
Hello? They already have their core magazine.
That magazine unlocks special demos such as the Mod Nation Racers Beta.
It does all these special things and special access.
Don't you think Sony kind of already has it?
They're just not calling it what Xbox calls it?
Yeah.
I mean, that's kind of my thought on it is that all these things they're talking about,
things that could possibly get expanded to core.
Although, I don't know, when you talk about such core features, no pun intended,
like cross-game voice chat, that is a little like, wow, they would really charge for that.
I mean, you get that free on the Xbox, don't you at least?
I mean, I know you can't play games, but I guess then at the same time,
you can play games for free on Sony's network and you can't do that on Xbox.
So what might be considered a core feature one system might not be for another.
I don't know.
But I think a lot of the problems with the Sony system is that they don't have their own network.
Well, I mean, they have their own network, but they don't have their dedicated servers basically.
It's just all, you know, each company has their own servers for PlayStation games
since everything on Xbox Live is basically on the Microsoft servers.
Cross chat, cross servers is going to be tough because, you know,
it's all these different servers you have to go through.
I mean, I don't know.
I guess they could do it if they really wanted to.
Let's go to the chat room for some other comments on the story.
GameGuru in our chat room says,
Doesn't Sony realize that their free service is the only advantage PSN has over Xbox Live?
DJ Tyrant says, I really enjoy core to be honest.
I heart Veronica Belmont.
There are a lot of core fans out there.
I mean, I personally don't subscribe, but I don't think it's a stupid idea.
I think it's actually a pretty decent one for the folks that want to, you know, pay the money to have it.
You know, a lot of folks used, I mean, it's just the modern equivalent of buying the magazine
that came with the demo discs, and you were paying for those.
So, it's kind of the modern equivalent of that, honestly.
So, anyhow, if you have other thoughts on that, of course, our mailbag is always open.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, but for now, some more gaming news.
Yes, DarkSagra?
Yes, we have some news regarding SingStar.
My favorite.
Well, of course, I gave you ABBA.
There's a SingStar viewer application to be released, well, it doesn't have a date yet,
but to be coming out for PS3 that has a different social networking.
You can do different things with the players.
It's actually called SingStar Viewer, like I said, which would be in your games folder.
You can browse and purchase songs from the SingStar.
You can vote on videos and photos and rate stuff, and it's supposed to be free.
And you also should be able to use it even when you do not have the SingStar disc in the system.
And again, not a date yet on it, but it says that it should be in the coming weeks.
Well, that's kind of neat, but that was also, like, for me, kind of a selling point of SingStar,
was that, you know, you had access to this.
Because I don't know if you've ever gone on, for those that own SingStar on the PS3,
if you've ever gone on there and really, and you can have any of them,
Volume 1, Volume 2, ABBA Queen, doesn't matter which one you have,
go on to there and look at some of the YouTubes people do.
There's actually some pretty funny stuff on there.
A lot of times the stuff that's high-rated is, like, people's kids.
A lot of, like, you know, four-year-old child prodigies that sing get highly ranked.
But, like, there's just some really funny stuff there.
Like, the guy who dresses up in the Stormtrooper outfit to dance to I Don't Feel Like Dancing.
Like, just dumb stuff.
But it's the same type of dumb stuff we watch on YouTube.
Yeah.
So I guess extra publicity for the game is never a bad thing, right?
Everyone gets their five minutes of fame?
Yeah, I guess, you know, and it's also kind of one of those things where
I think that's where it ultimately might help drive sales,
is that people download this and go,
oh, this is really funny, but I can do better.
My nephew can sing better than this kid,
or I got an outfit that outdo's this one,
so they're going to go buy the game so they can get it on the SingStar channel.
It's interesting.
It's certainly a selling point of the game that Lips doesn't have,
or Karaoke Revolution doesn't have,
or hell, even Rock Band doesn't have this.
You can't save your performances from Rock Band.
Could you imagine, and, oh, God,
maybe this is something they're going to cook up for Rock Band 3.
Oh, wow, I think I might be on to something, can't you?
Especially in this whole thing that we're getting into,
can you imagine if Rock Band 3 had this type of,
I think that might be it.
I bet that's where they're going to go with this.
Some type of share your performance on the internet type thing?
Probably.
I mean, if they're-
SingStar Idol?
They're doing it the other way right now, aren't they?
Where if you're a band, put your song in Rock Band for the masses to consume.
Oh, man, I bet that's what's coming in Rock Band 3.
Share your performance with the internet.
Watch. Watch.
Because right now, SingStar's got the leg up on it,
but I wonder, if this thing is successful,
only a matter of time before the other music games notice.
Loki, if there was a Rock Band 3 with internet connectivity,
would you consider uploading some of your epic performances to it?
I don't really play it that much, sadly.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I would love to see you doing the Timmy song.
Lords of the Underworld.
Maybe.
Alright.
Well, another thing that you can kind of share in would be the new Sodium 1,
which is kind of an MMO, I guess, on home.
I don't know, I apparently ignored the whole MMO part of it
because I actually checked it out a little bit.
It's a self-contained social MMO, they're calling it,
within PlayStation Home,
and you kind of go through this teleporter that's in the central plaza,
and you go in there and talk to this AI chick called Vicky,
and she gives you different minigames and whatnot that you can play,
including some different objective-based metagames,
and I also have a full arcade-style game to play as well called the Assault Shooter,
which I thought was kind of fun,
but I think, as you were saying, it's a little bit like Battlezone, I think,
the old Atari game.
I feel like I've played a game like it on the PC back when I had a 386,
and I don't remember what the game was,
but it was one of those things that you would call up on the modem and play.
Oh man, I distinctly remember the game.
It was very popular, too.
There were graphics like Battlezone, but it was this whole type of thing
where you were out in the field and you would shoot tanks.
I want to say I've played this game before, you know?
And then, of course, you get different unlocks for leveling up in the game.
Apparently, the Assault Shooter game that's in there,
only five levels are available in the game for free,
and you have to buy more.
I guess more levels and items are unlockable through microtransactions.
Yeah, I think I would have played it up to about level five.
I played it only through level three before I got tired of doing it
because I was working on some other stuff.
But if I had to pay for more levels than that, I don't think I'm going to.
But to me, though, this game didn't seem any different
than the other ones already available in the home,
and I just miss the whole MMO part of it
and how this is even really that innovative.
Well, I don't know if I would call it an MMO
because at least the shooting part of it, that's not multiplayer.
No.
Now, the drink-making game, that was kind of multiplayer.
If you play as the bartender, someone else is calling the drinks,
and if you're ordering the drinks, someone else has to play the bartender.
There's, I guess, that, but that's a bit of a stretch.
I don't know if I'd call it an MMO.
But what I thought was interesting about this
is the way it kind of fit into the context of home.
And it kind of showed off these features of home
that I didn't realize were there,
such as the ability to interact with what's on the web.
If you go to the website, sodium1.com, I think it is,
and you actually put in your PlayStation ID and all this stuff,
it tracks your mini achievements.
I mean, they're not actual trophies,
but they're like achievements within sodium.
It tracks them on the website.
It tracks your high scores.
There's a Facebook app that you can use,
and, of course, it's just going to...
I enabled it, but I didn't enable it to publish it on my wall
because I knew every time I did something in the game,
all my friends would have to see it,
and I didn't want to burden people with that.
But, you know, it does have that connectivity.
I thought it was interesting that there's a giant screen
within the sodium stadium, or whatever they call it,
that has their Twitter feed on it.
I don't recall seeing that in home before.
Yeah, that'd be nice to have in my clubhouse, too.
Right?
If that's doable, can I have that in the OLR clubhouse, please?
I also thought it was interesting that you could,
you know, the points that you earn in the game
could go towards unlocking stuff in the home
that you could put, like, if you go to the OLR clubhouse now,
there's a new table, there's some new seats,
and a new little statue.
I got all that in the sodium one thing.
So, you know, I'm not saying that's really new,
because certainly there's a lot of other, you know,
areas within home that have done that,
but to see that kind of actually integrated with a game
was kind of neat.
And not just a game like how Namco Museum Essentials
was a game that would unlock stuff in home,
but the game was actually in home,
and that that all worked together very seamlessly.
It kind of made me go, huh,
this really feels like what home was advertised as
a year and a half ago.
Games and social interaction working seamlessly together.
It's just a bummer that I feel like the game I'm playing here
I played back in 1996 on a modem on my PC,
but, okay, it's a step forward.
You know what I mean?
They were, it was a neat game, but it's just like,
I don't know.
And to be fair, maybe I didn't see enough
in the first few levels that you're able to play.
I was just talking about it, just like it's like this
really revolutionary thing, and I just didn't see it.
I was like, oh great, it's another space in home.
Awesome.
Well, because I think for home, it is doing something new.
For the concept of home, I mean,
we still don't have our trophy room with our trophies in it,
so what else do we have to look forward to in home?
Oh, the game integration and the way that it's going to
integrate with the rest of the PlayStation brand.
So I see this as a step forward.
It's not a big step forward, but it was neat.
I was entertained for an hour.
For free.
I did get the walk around still as my creepy Santa Claus,
which this time of year is very relevant.
You know, dressed like a Santa Claus.
One of the dollies just passed out from excitement,
apparently, over the snooze.
Ooh, crazy.
I just don't have a very stable place to put her.
Sorry.
But anyhow, I don't know.
I'm curious to see where this leads in 2010.
I don't know.
Some folks in chat are asking about the OLR Clubhouse.
Yes, on Sony Home, we have an OLR Clubhouse.
It might be full.
I think we have 25 members in it now.
I haven't been joined yet, and it's full already.
Is it?
Have you tried?
I don't know.
Try to send a request to the Orange Lounge Radio.
It's in there if you search for it.
Honestly, I think you type OLRME is like the keyword,
O-L-R-M-Y, and it'll come up.
And you should be able to join it.
And they're saying in chat, make another if it's full.
Dude, I already had to pay for the first one.
And here's my deal.
I will gladly build five clubhouses
if they give me something to do in this clubhouse
that's really unique.
You know what I mean?
Let me do the Twitter feed on the TV.
Let me put a custom video.
Let me put down a radio that will play MP3s from this program.
You know, that'll play the rant from earlier tonight
or something.
You know, let me do something with home
other than just have a space to chat in
because that's what the rest of home is, you know?
Exactly.
Deathwishing is saying request.
So I thought I approved all the pending requests.
So I will go in tonight and make sure it's all approved.
But if it's full, I don't know what to tell you.
You might be screwed.
I'm sorry.
But at least you'll have this to look forward to.
Something on PBS.
That's right, PBS, the Public Broadcast System.
Most popularly known maybe for the Lawrence Welk show.
I don't know.
Reading Rainbow, Rob.
Of course.
Sesame Street.
Doctor Who.
That's right.
Early Doctor Who.
And a lot of great British imports.
Obviously, okay.
The Red Dwarf.
The Public Broadcasting System.
All kidding aside, you know the types of stuff
they show on here.
Masterpiece Theater.
And a lot of times, a lot of orchestral concerts
and a lot of like, you know, things you would see
at like an opera house and so forth.
So it might surprise you to know that PBS
is planning to record and air video games live in 2010.
That's right.
The thing that was kind of meant to bridge that gap
between the video game community and A Night at the Opera,
although, you know, in talking to Tommy Tallarico,
the brains behind this before,
I don't think he wants people to think video game live
is A Night at the Opera because it's not.
But it definitely kind of, it's an interesting evolution
of that, I suppose you could say, for a new generation.
They're actually going to do this live performance
on February 5th in New Orleans at the Lakefront Arena
and on February 5th of 2010, they're gonna tape this.
You can get tickets now through Ticketmaster.
And it's actually going to air sometime in June.
And apparently also a DVD and Blu-ray
because PBS puts out a lot of their programming
on DVD, Blu-ray to kind of raise money for the stations
because, you know, they're all publicly funded and so forth.
So, you know, sales from those will go to help fund PBS.
So that's kind of cool for those that were looking to,
you know, especially if you live in a place
that doesn't get video games live coming there,
although they've gone to a lot of places,
you'll have an opportunity to see the show.
So that's pretty cool.
If you're going to dress, though, dress to impress
because you might be on TV.
Just something to think about.
Yeah, Tiger Conchat says, that would be cool.
I get PBS and HD.
That's true, you know, considering we're talking Blu-ray
and PBS, PBS was like the first channel
I remember seeing going HD.
I think PBS was in HD long before NBC
and the other folks got on board.
So it's going to look good.
It's going to look good.
You'll get to see all of Tommy's outfit changes
in high definition.
It'll be quite impressive.
But if that doesn't interest you,
maybe Dark Sakura has something that will.
Well, you know, we covered the Alien vs. Predator
not being approved in Australia
and Sega actually appealed it and won.
So it looks like Alien vs. Predator
is going to be released in Australia
with an MA15 Plus title,
which is pretty much the goal they had anyway
because from this quote it says,
It is for adults.
It is bloody and frightening.
That was our intent.
So basically they're saying that they're going to leave it
to the reasonable expectations of adults to,
you know, whether or not they want to get the game or not.
I seem to remember talking about this in a previous episode
and the fact that the makers behind that game
are very cold and unwilling to budge on this
is that we made this game and we are not changing it
and if you are not a responsible enough adult to play it,
then don't play it.
But we're not changing it because you can't handle it.
I have to admire it.
They might go down in flames,
but I have to admire them not wanting to budge.
Stick to them guns and maintain some integrity.
Gold star for all of you kids.
No selling out.
Do you think other places have sold out, Rob?
Like other game companies?
Yeah.
One could claim that Valve and so forth sold out
when they made those changes to get the game released
in Australia and so forth.
Well, hold on, let me say this and then I'll go on the tangent.
I don't know if that was so much selling out as it was
they did what they had to do to release the game.
People in movies do this all the time.
I mean, if you think these guys are bad in the other countries,
look at what they do right here in America
with the Motion Picture Association.
No, no.
Heaven forbid you show a vagina or a penis in your movie
or you're going to get smacked with an NC-17 rating
and no theater house in America is going to show your movie.
Life of Brian does not have an NC-17 rating
and it's got full frontal.
But it's also a lot older, I think,
when movies were fitting into the X category
or it might have still been R.
I don't think that it was R.
For some reason in the 70s, like Porky's and a lot of these movies
somehow got under the radar.
But you know, in this day and age, let's face it,
a movie like Showgirls got a rating like NC-17
not because it was bad but because it had a lot of tits and ass.
But heaven forbid they show tits and ass in a movie
but it's okay to show, you know, torture porn.
Movies like Hostel and Saw and all these movies are A-okay.
They play them at the multiplexes across America.
I mean, it's the same thing.
So if you think this type of sensor and directors and so forth
change their movies all the time to get down to the R rating
because they know if they release it with an NC-17 rating,
they're screwed. They'll never make the money back on the movie.
The studios force them to do it.
They are contractually obliged to deliver a certain rating.
Once in a while you get those indie studios.
They're like, if you are releasing our unrated movie,
you know, once in a while you see those slip through the cracks
but unfortunately they don't make money.
Or you get the unrated version for a home release.
Yeah.
And some folks in chat are saying X movie has Full Frontal
and Y movie has Full Frontal.
Okay, yeah. Okay, fine.
You know, you can show a little peen and a little vag and get away with it
but, you know, usually you have to appeal it to get the rating
and let's face it, you and I, you the listener and I,
the hosts can agree that the standards between violence and nudity
are way different. Come on.
You can't show penetration in a movie
but you can show a bullet going through someone's brain.
You can show that penetration.
Just saying.
What if you fired a penis instead of a bullet
and it penetrated instead of their head, a vagina?
Would that still count if it's fired from a gun?
NC-17. A cum shot is always going to get you NC-17.
Always.
No way are they ever going to let that slide in an unrated movie
and I would cite two movies.
Happiness, which was released unreleased.
It's actually a really good movie.
It's by the guy who did Welcome to the Dollhouse.
It's pretty good.
That came out about 10, 12 years ago
and it got an NC-17 rating because
you don't actually see the cum shot.
You just see the cum hit in the wall
but because that's so hideously disgusting, you know,
and immoral, it got an NC-17 rating.
And then there was a movie that came out a couple years ago, Shortbus,
that was just full-on explicit sex in the movie.
It was great.
But the cool thing, it was by the guy who did Headwig and the Angry Inch.
And the interesting thing about it is that he set out to make a movie.
His goal was to make a movie with porn in it
that was not about the sex.
And I have to say, he made a pretty damn good movie.
I wouldn't say you should see it if you're under 17,
but if you are of age, I think it's a fine movie.
I really liked that movie.
I thought it was a great movie too.
I liked The Lady and it was in Hedwig.
SalaciousPopInChat brings up a good point.
They did that in Scary Movie 2, Dick in the Head.
I forgot about that.
That is true. You didn't see Balls though.
Maybe it's not penis people have a problem with.
It's balls.
It's just like breasts.
You know, the breast is okay, but the nipple, oh my god, no.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move around the country and cover some release dates.
Things that are okay.
Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot a tangent.
And one of our folks that works for Orange Andrea
would want me to say something about this on air.
Dekeman, because he posted this to the Twitter earlier this week.
Did you hear about the Australian censorship
and the fact that they are looking at,
and I don't know if this is somebody running with us,
they are looking at installing basically China-like restrictions on their internet
and filtering out objectionable sites.
Quote,
This is really going to hurt your tough man edge, Australia.
I mean, seriously, it was all about crocodile hunters
and beer drinking and kangaroos over there.
That's not an internet.
And, and, don't forget the transvestites.
But now it's just like, you know, censored internet.
I hope that just got misconstrued.
I really hope.
And Dekeman posted it to our Twitter.
It was a little disheartening.
I think that any type of censorship is, you know,
the only people who I think should be allowed to censor
are parents and people censoring themselves.
But if I'm not mistaking, Australia has a parliament-style government,
which means they do have elected officials.
So, Australians, if you're listening and you disagree with this,
vote your politicians the fuck out of office immediately.
Unless, of course, they were the politicians that were against this.
But I believe in your country.
You do vote, and you vote these people the fuck out
that are trying to do this.
Anyhow, let's move on to happier topics.
A lot of angst tonight.
I swear, I'm actually in a really good mood, all things considered.
Life is pretty good right now.
I can't complain.
So I don't know why we're having such an angsty show tonight.
OLR, quit trying to bring me down.
Alright, not much coming up this week in the US.
Mainly three games.
Guitar Hero Van Halen coming out on PlayStation 2.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii.
That is, of course, if you didn't get it free with Guitar Hero 5
during the month of September.
Twin Sector being released on PC.
And finally, on the Wii, we have Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles,
The Crystal Bears, coming out on the Wii.
The first real good Wii Final Fantasy game.
That's the one that they've been advertising ever since the damn thing launched, right?
Yep, that would be the one.
Well, moving over to Japan, honestly, it's pretty dried up over there, too.
I mean, you've got your Final Fantasy XIII now,
which I have seen trophies popping up on my Facebook friend feed,
so I know I have friends that imported this stuff, and they're playing away on it.
Not one of them.
So now things are dying down a little bit there,
but that's not to say there's nothing coming out.
I mean, Ninja Gaiden 2 on the Xbox 360 is getting a price reduction this week in Japan,
as well as Infernal, Hell's Vengeance is a new game coming out on the Xbox 360 in Japan this week.
On the PlayStation 3, it sounds like a new Hori arcade stick is coming out,
but that is really it.
There's no new releases on the particular system,
which, considering the games usually come out Friday over there,
and Friday is Christmas Eve, not going to really see a whole lot, probably.
Nintendo Wii, same story.
Going over to the PlayStation 2,
there is a Neo Geo Online Collection Complete Box, Volumes 1 and 2.
That is something new coming out over there,
but really that's just rehashed old stuff.
And on the Nintendo DS, Zelda no Densetsu Taoyu no Kiteki.
Anyone want to guess what that is on the Nintendo DS?
I would say The Train Game.
It is The Train Game.
Gets its release this week in Japan,
so that is probably the big release in Japan this week.
Quickly looking on the PSP,
there are actually a few things you might care about on the PSP.
Assassin's Creed Bloodlines in Japan this week,
Lucky Star Net Idle Meister,
and Metal Slug XX all make its way to the PSP.
So, funny enough,
the system that seems to be having the biggest week is the PSP.
Go, Fig.
There you go.
Some stupid candle won't light.
Oops, and I got my days mixed up.
Tiger Class says Thursday is Christmas Eve,
actually Friday is Christmas Day, so, sorry.
Eh, who keeps up with Christmas anymore?
The releases are getting all messed up because of the holidays, anyway.
So.
Well, it's pretty much dry in the UK.
Just one game on the 22nd.
Well, one game came out today,
Nicky Rock and Ball.
Well, I should say Yesterday now for them,
because it's the 20th already.
On the 22nd is Savage Moon The Hera Campaign on PSP.
That's about it.
Couple more news stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get into the classic game of the week
here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It looks like it's going to be a good one tonight.
I peeked at what DarkSakura picked,
and it's one that I wholeheartedly endorse.
Speaking about Final Fantasy XIII,
it did pretty well this week,
including 1 million copies sold within,
I believe, the first 24 hours, yes.
Wow.
Over 2 million copies sold.
I know they shipped 2 million,
so probably between 1 and 2 million copies sold.
Of course, that includes the Lightning Edition PS3
with the silkscreen pink, I guess, portrait of lightning.
Yeah, we still have to wait a few months.
So it's basically the equivalent of a Modern Warfare 2 here,
which sold what?
Didn't they say it sold like 7 million in the first week,
or some huge amount?
A Halo 3 sold millions.
This is kind of the equivalent over there.
Heck yeah.
Which surprises probably no one.
But the real question is,
what will happen when the game comes out here?
Will it move a million in one night here?
I don't think it will.
It'll move a million overall,
but it won't move a million in the first night.
Oh yeah, it will.
No way.
I hope I'm wrong.
We'll see.
Anyhow, one other thing.
And this is something actually new that directly affects me,
because I participated in it this week.
Squeenix is now accepting beta applications for Final Fantasy XIV.
So if you're skipping Final Fantasy XIII,
maybe you are looking forward to Final Fantasy XIV.
That's right.
The applications are now open for the Final Fantasy XIV beta.
Please note, this is only the Windows edition.
They're not doing, it looks like,
what they did on the PlayStation 2 for Final Fantasy XI,
where they actually were shipping hard drives to people
to beta test that,
and they could keep them as a thank you gift.
That's not the case here.
You will have to sign up for only the Windows version,
at least for right now.
They are doing the PS3 version as well,
but you can sign up for it, but it's not now.
Maybe I'll sign up for the beta.
You know, might as well.
Sign up for it, and then if I don't get in, I'll take yours.
How's that?
I already had one friend do that for me.
I'm trying to find friends to sign up.
I'm like, if you get in and I don't, I want it.
But anyhow...
I just don't know if I'm...
Honestly, I hardly have time to play World of Warcraft,
and Star Trek Online's coming out.
I know, I'm in the same boat, but like, seriously,
I will push World of Warcraft to the side for a little while
to focus on this, if it's good.
If they've learned from their mistakes from XI,
which I still think XI was a solid game for its time,
it just didn't age well.
You know, I think if they really have kind of combined
the best parts of that with the best parts of World of Warcraft,
this game could be pretty awesome.
So I want to check it out.
Anyhow, though, just so you know,
you need to be 18 years old in order to apply.
You have to be fluent in English,
which, if you're listening to this show, I'm assuming you are.
Or you could be fluent in Japanese, French, or German,
because I know we do have some listeners in Japan
and even some of those other countries there.
And apparently, though, a PS3 one will come out later.
It's just that right now you can only sign up for the PC version.
Also, no MMORPG experience required,
but I will tell you, since I did sign up,
I was prepared to fill out a little bit of a questionnaire
about your gaming experience,
which is translated from a Japanese version, you can kind of tell.
But yeah, let us know.
If any of you OLR people get in, let me know so I can be jealous,
especially if I don't get in.
This would use my Play Online ID, right?
No, it doesn't. I think they're going away from Play Online.
It's a whole new login.
I tried my Play Online ID and it didn't work.
Anyhow, moving on, and something you don't need Play Online for
is to access the Classic Game of the Week.
That's right, every week here on the show,
DarkSakura takes a walk through gaming's history
by stepping into the vault and picking a classic game that she says,
You know what, darn it?
You guys ought to be playing this game.
DarkSakura, what did you pick for the game this week?
Castlevania II, Simon's Quest.
Great pick. I'll have the music here shortly.
Firefox had to reboot, so I'll get the music here in a moment.
Fun. Well, the game originally came out in Japan in 1987
for the Famicon Disk System, as did the third one, too.
It came out in the US in cartridge form in 1988.
It's a little bit of a different game than the first one.
It has some RPG elements you can go and of course talk to the townsfolk
and then have what a horrible night for a curse
when you go and jump in on the zombies
and things that wander around the countryside when nightfall hits, apparently.
You do have to buy items, which you'll need to get to different areas.
You have to get hearts.
And you can also buy new whips as you keep going on.
You have an experience rating system,
so your experience rating increases, of course, as you collect hearts.
And that's actually something that made it into Dracula X.
Not Dracula X, but Symphony of the Night, if you'll remember.
And as you can probably hear there a little bit of, I did get the music to come up.
So, of course, Castlevania II, who did not love the music in this game?
Now we have some of the music playing in the background.
That's right.
But anyway, I'll listen to it for a little bit.
Easily one of the ten best songs ever in a video game. Easily.
Yeah.
Anyway, the whole point of the game is that you have to go to different mansions
to find different parts of Dracula's corpse and then the magic cross.
So, you can actually use the different body parts as power-ups, kind of.
Like the rib bone is a shield.
And then, once you get everything, you can clear the blockade to Dracula's castle and fight.
So, yeah.
It was directed by Akamatsu, who also did Castlevania III.
And it had a password system for the US version as opposed to the save system that the Famicom Disk System had.
You know, like, side bike? Hello.
There's also some pretty crazy English in the game, like naming Simon Simon, like with two M's.
And there's, you know, of course, the music in it was done by Matsubara Kenichi,
who did the Castlevania Arcade, the Haunted Castle.
And they also used some of that for Simon's Quest.
It also has the different parts of the game, you know, the statues and things, crying blood.
So, lots of cool stuff going on.
Also, it actually, the game caused some controversy in the US with Nintendo Power.
It was the second issue of Nintendo Power that had the Simon's Quest cover,
and it was also in Howard and Nestor, if you remember Howard and Nestor.
But the cover apparently scared children.
So, caused a little problem.
I got in trouble in grade school over this magazine.
And it had nothing to do with the cover, actually.
It's just that I brought it to school one day and I was trying to show a friend of mine during class.
The teacher was pissed at me.
But I was so excited, because it was Castlevania II and it was awesome.
Yep.
Also, with this particular one, it was actually the first in the series that got away from linear gameplay
and inspired, actually, Symphony of the Night.
Not necessarily Metroid-inspired, Rob.
And...
Debatable, but okay.
Certainly this game was so different from the first Castlevania that you already kind of started splitting up the series in a way at this point.
But, I just have to say real quick, it was very interesting in the 8-bit era how deviant sequels were of the original.
Like, you think about Super Mario Bros. 2, way different than the first one.
Super Mario Bros. 2 was a different game.
I know, I know, but still, our perception of it as kids, you know, not knowing this whole Japanese stuff, was way different here.
You know, Castlevania II was really different.
Mega Man 2 was kind of different.
You know, a lot of sequels in the 8-bit era were really different than the original game.
I can't say that Mega Man 2 was at all different.
Each of the Mega Man games on the, um, the NES just kept adding different things and changing different, but they all pretty much kept the same formula.
Even the X series kept the same formula.
I can't really say that those weren't too different, but this, in this case, this one is a fairly big departure from how the first one went.
But then what was also particularly weird about this, and Super Mario Bros., I guess you could say, is that they both went kind of back to the formula of the original in the third game.
Although, Super Mario debatable, but Castlevania definitely went back to kind of the formula of the first game.
Keep in mind, Super Mario 2 in Japan was what we got as, um, the lost levels.
Sure, sure.
And it was, just like the first one, only harder.
Right.
And it had the, um, the poison mushrooms and stuff.
So, yeah, I think Mario, actually, if you look at it with the actual successors to the original, that one kept the same formula, too.
But, um...
Okay, I have to say real quick from chat, because this is a really good point, Black Wolf, our good pal Bobby Black Wolf says,
The platformer in Retro Game Challenge was different in all three versions.
Even in that game, they made the sequel so different.
That's kind of like an inside joke.
Well, at any rate, um, something that might be interesting to other people, this is from an interview in 2002,
is Igarashi Koji, who is, like, one of my video game heroes and who I got a hug from.
I'm so happy.
Um, actually, uh, was talking about considering a compilation of the NES titles for, um, for, uh, I suppose, um, either Game Boy or PC, so...
Well, I seem to recall there was an 8-bit collection that came out that had the...
Yeah, there was. This was actually in response to the compilation.
Gotcha.
So, but anyway, this is a cool game.
Very, very good pick tonight. Uh, Castlevania II, Simon's Quest, one of my absolute favorite 8-bit games that ever existed.
I love this music right here.
That's the very first song you hear when you press start.
This isn't Bloody Tears.
If nothing else, just, like, one of the best music game soundtracks you'll ever hear.
You know, I do have to say there is a Castlevania game that has a better soundtrack.
Hmm.
But in my opinion, it's Dracula X.
Not just because it was Redbook Audio, because I actually like the process, the music on the SNES version better in some cases.
Mm-hmm.
But it did have some fantastic mixes of the songs.
So, but I'd have to put this up there, at least as far as the, the SNES titles go. That one's probably got my favorite music in it.
Interesting. Our other pal, Bress Lowell in chat, who, uh, of course is a co-host on Understation Live, says, uh, Simon's Quest is actually my least favorite Castlevania game.
Now, if you want to see something really funny about Simon's Quest, just look for the Angry Nintendo Nerd.
Yeah.
His version, his description of it was fantastic.
Um, I have to say my least favorite Castlevania game, and I, I know this is one of your favorites, Jamie, but Castlevania V on the SNES was ruined for me.
Five?
Just, it was, well, right? Because it was, it was supposed to be the port of Dracula.
It was, it came out as Dracula X.
Didn't they call it Dracula V?
No, they called it Dracula X.
I thought, I thought in a magazine it was like Castlevania V.
I've got the box, it says Dracula X.
Alright. But I, I just thought at some point I remember referring to it as Castlevania V, but it, well.
Because it did come out after Super Castlevania IV.
Right. But it was so...
Yeah, no, it was, it was really, I would have to say neutered.
It was, it was a castrated version of Dracula X.
Rob, you're gonna have to come over some night and just play through Dracula X with me.
It'll be fun.
On the, um, the NeoGeo. We'll have to put, we'll have to put a feet up.
Rob, Rob playing as Maria.
La la la, la la la la.
One of her attacks is singing.
Nice.
She sings badly that it kills, like, everything around her, and her little singing is la la la la la la.
Like that.
Uh, also you're forgetting, uh, I think Bresloul might be neglecting Castlevania Judgment.
Huh? What? Who?
The fighting game on Wii?
What? I, I don't, what?
Oh, I see. That doesn't exist in your universe. I see.
Maybe Castlevania 64?
Oh, snap! That's right! Bresloul! Castlevania 64. I think Loki wins.
That was pretty bad.
That was definitely a low point in the Castlevania series.
Alright, anyhow, that's going to do it for part A here of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take a quick break, though, and we'll come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, so please stay tuned.
We will be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, where we are live with our 349th episode of the show.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com, and thanks to the folks there that help let us take over the stream and do our little show every Sunday night.
We really appreciate it.
So before we get back into some gaming news tonight, we've had some rants and stuff, and I got angry earlier in the show,
but obviously I saved this for later in the show.
It turns out I might be wrong. I might have been wrong.
And I don't like to admit when I'm wrong, but apparently I was wrong.
And it has to do with Avatar, that movie that came out.
I was coming out here saying, oh, this movie's probably going to bomb.
No one's going to fucking care about Avatar.
Well, it was a 70-something million at the box office.
I haven't heard a negative thing about it.
I've heard that the plot is kind of meh, but that this movie is still amazing.
I have seen lots of people on Facebook, on my friends list.
I don't really trust critics, but I trust my friends that say, OMG, best movie ever.
Or, OMG, what a great movie.
So now I'm kind of sitting here going, damn, I might have to go see it.
There's just a lot of people saying such great things about it.
Loki, did you go?
I did. I saw it in 3D.
And?
It was awesome.
Was it really?
It was good. It wasn't.
If you're looking for an absolutely original plot, you're not going to get it with this.
You can see stuff coming before it happens and stuff like that.
But it was beautiful.
As far as looking at the movie from a CG standpoint,
a lot of the stuff was really seamless.
The environments and everything completely rendered, so it looks absolutely gorgeous.
And the 3D was awesome in it.
It wasn't really just no gimmicky stuff where stuff's flying at your face and that kind of stuff.
This is even better.
I went to the new theaters that opened up in Folsom.
This Paladio, I've never heard of this brand, but Cinema West.
Other than having a really annoying little pre-show advertisement thing,
because they have before the movies and they have this really creepy looking rapist bee.
Did you say a rapist bee?
Yeah, he looks like he could be a pedophile or a rapist.
So they kept playing those advertisements.
We hated the bee after about a minute.
But they have the greatest innovations in cinema in that theater.
Other than the fact that they're advertising that it's the largest solar-powered cinema in the world,
and the fact that it's all digital screens,
they have gone innovative in an area that I never thought possible.
They installed a toilet seat in the seat.
No, no, no, no. Even better.
Okay.
Push a button, get beer.
No, no, no, no. Even better.
So I bought my popcorn and drink at the concession stand,
and I'm eating the popcorn and I'm like, man, this is really kind of dry.
There's not a lot of butter on this.
You know, what the hell?
I'm like, this new theater kind of sucks.
Walk over to get my salt.
What is there?
A butter pump.
Yes, you can put as much fucking butter on this popcorn as you want.
And not only that, they have the season, you know, the different season popcorn toppings
that normally at the UA would charge you to get a little container of it.
All free.
Unlimited butter on this thing.
I was like, oh my god, this is the greatest theater ever.
Oh my god, all you can eat butter?
Exactly.
There's only one thing better than butter, Loki, and that's more butter.
It's just the topping.
I'm like, I don't know if I should push that button because I think, you know,
I would assume that butter is coming out of there,
but it could be like chocolate sauce or something like that.
Usually it's like liquid magma that is kind of butter flavored.
And so I pushed the button and butter popped out.
I'm like, awesome.
Push a button, get butter.
Is that the directions?
Like, you know how they have directions on how to wash your hands?
Oh, there is no directions. It just said topping.
It did not say butter topping. It just said topping.
I'm like, well, this could be like anything.
Yeah, there's some people in chat saying, this isn't news, Loki.
My theater does that.
Well, none of ours do, so it's news for me.
Now, here's the ultimate question.
Was there bacon seasoning?
Not that I'm aware of, but, you know, steps, baby steps.
I see. I see. It's a step in the right direction.
Let's not bite off more than we can chew.
And bacon salt's not that good. Trust me.
You know, as cool of a concept as bacon salt is, it does not taste like bacon.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on with some more topics tonight,
some other news stories.
I just had to say that about Avatar.
You know, I can man up and admit when I was wrong,
and I may have been wrong about Avatar.
I can't say I was wrong about Avatar because I haven't seen it yet,
but I may have been wrong about it.
We'll see.
It's pretty good. I'd go see it in the theater and in 3D.
You have to see it in 3D.
I will see it in 3D, I promise.
But I also have to see Princess and the Frog,
because I did get to meet Princess Tiana this weekend,
and she's mighty fierce.
And I heard some of the songs from Princess and the Frog
in the little street show they do.
I really want to see Princess and the Frog.
So that's at the top of my list.
And then maybe Avatar if my mom doesn't drag me to see Precious on Christmas,
which is likely.
How about some gaming news?
Less movies, more games.
Yes.
So I guess we've got some rapid-fire news to go into here.
Sure.
Starting things off, Dead or Live is coming to the PSP,
but not what you might think.
Dead or Live Paradise, which is Dead or Live beach volleyball,
minus the volleyball.
So it's just Dead or Live giggling girls in bikinis jumping around
watching their boobs move to music, the game.
So that's awesome.
Thank you, Tecmo.
Why don't they just call it Boob Physics, the game?
Because that would be offensive.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But yeah, so it'll be coming out spring 2010, and it's awesome.
That's innovation right there.
PSP 4000.
No.
That.
Speaking of fake boobs, Playboy has done their annual girls of video games.
Their 2010 spread.
And this year they'll be featuring women from such games as God of War,
Crimecraft, The Saboteur, Dante's Inferno, Mafia 2, and Heavy Rain,
including some characters I don't know because I haven't played those games yet.
Skylar St. Clair from The Saboteur.
Madison Page, I guess the main character from Heavy Rain is new in there as well.
So if you want to see some fake naked boobies, I guess,
then pick up the January, February issue of Playboy.
So now they're skipping months in Playboy.
I mean, does it come down to that?
Is it bi-monthly now?
I don't know.
And then finally, I still don't understand the idea of buying Playboy for video game rendered characters,
but I suppose either way you buy the magazine, the girls are fake.
So, hey, whatever.
They have Tara Reid on the cover, but I bet you she's not topless, even though she's a slut.
Oh, sorry.
Would it be bad if I said, yeah, she is topless because I saw the pictures?
Okay, well, awesome.
But still, that's not like, I don't know.
But I'm saying it's about as real as the video game magazine spread.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying.
And finally, this Thursday, we're going to be getting some wonderful holiday treats as well.
On the 22nd, not only will we be getting the download content for LittleBigPlanet,
which is going to be all sorts of awesome,
but we'll be getting the Gran Turismo 5 Time Trial Challenge.
Of course, if you have a Japanese account, you can download that right now, and it's in English.
Puzzlegeddon, which I think came out last week on the...
The puzzle to destroy all puzzles.
Puzzlegeddon.
Puzzlegeddon.
Let's see.
Also, there will be, of course, Guitar Hero 5 songs, High Speed Soul by Nada Surf,
Sister Jack by Spoon, Cut Your Hair by Pavement,
and the Indie Rock Track Pack featuring all three of those as well.
And then, of course, the download content, which is really the most important thing.
The PlayStation 1 classic, though, this week is going to be Final Fantasy VIII, and that's pretty awesome.
Woohoo!
So, that'll be coming out on the 26th.
Wait. Final Fantasy VIII?
VIII.
Never mind.
Hey, it's not Final Fantasy IX.
I thought they just skipped ahead to IX.
No, no, no. Final Fantasy IX wasn't that...
Dude, I thought we ignored that VIII happened.
Listen, I liked VIII.
I liked VIII.
I'm just being dramatic.
Except the last disc bored the crap out of me.
VIII had a good story.
Y'all know how I feel about the battle system.
If you don't, I've ranted about it like 50 times in the history of this show.
I got so tired of seeing mob bros.
Seriously, I was like, they could not have come up with a better name for this stupid, ugly creature.
And then, of course, some PSP minis, Hercules, Chariot Racing, and Spot the Differences is the other game.
Wait. Hold on. Spot the Differences is...
That's the name of the game. Spot the Differences.
Do I even need to crack a joke here?
I mean, the jokes write themselves.
They can have the PSP-2000 and the PSP-Go and it's like, what, one's crap? No?
Spot the Differences.
That'd be awesome if we could make a game like that and just like completely obvious differences.
Like, you know, one's a puppy, one's a Hiddenberg disaster, you know, some ridiculous stuff.
That'd be sweet.
Puppy's less violent, right? No?
One's a picture of Brittany Murphy, one's a picture of Heath... Never mind, I better not go there.
She's a chick.
She didn't die from a drug overdose. Oh, wait. No, that's not probably it.
Moving on.
She was a joker.
No?
I found something else I was looking for.
Oh, I thought you found the differences we were talking about.
No, I found something for you, Rob, that I wanted you to play during break and you didn't so you have to play it after the show.
Fine. I have to, huh?
You have to.
I have to? Is it your Cage Match pick?
You know what, Rob? I will put it in Cage Match.
Will you now?
Just because. Even though what I put in Cage Match was hilarious, you can make...
Okay, make my Cage Match thing the cookie.
Alright. Well, fine.
Okay.
Alright.
Actually, no, this is what I put for Cage Match is really damn funny.
Cage Match should be a Brittany Murphy song.
Death Wishing in Chat says that...
Okay, I'm gonna say this right now. Go call Rob.
Oh, no.
I don't give a shit about Brittany Murphy or whoever the fuck she was.
Don't care. I didn't know her.
Sucks she's dead. Sucks for her family.
I don't care. The end.
Does Tara Reid sing any music?
I'm gonna put her in there.
I don't know. I don't know.
Anyhow...
It's like just suddenly the Hindenburg disaster...
Wait, hold on, hold on. Can you spot the difference?
Tonight's program...
Hindenburg disaster.
Can you spot the difference?
Death Wishing might have found it in chat.
It said, uh, pro tip, Hindenburg powered by puppies with cute kitten pilots.
I want a picture of that.
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on.
Can we get in some more, um...
Last minute star. Not last minute star.
See, I want the show to be over.
Oh, Rob.
Rapid fire topics.
Hey, there's a game called Zero Day Attack in Earth.
Coming to Xbox Live Marketplace on December 23rd.
That's right, Martians invade the Earth, shoot them up, bang bang, blow up.
Not the type of game that Square Enix is usually known for.
But, here's the kicker about the game.
It uses satellite photography.
So if you want to blow up real things, have a blast.
Just don't blow up certain historical objects that aren't funny.
You know what I mean?
Although, I do notice in this picture, I just happen to see the Eiffel Tower.
And guns going pew pew pew.
But I guess because it's Martians, it's okay.
It's just a science fiction thing.
But I'm just saying.
This might be...
I can just see horrific YouTubes coming of this game.
That's all I'm saying.
Horrific YouTubes even worse than the joke I told earlier.
Uh, anyhow.
And if you were offended by my earlier joke, I have to say to you,
Excuse me, internet!
That's right, that old catchphrase,
Excuse me, princess coin from the Legend of Zelda cartoons,
which used to run as the Friday special on the Super Mario Bros. Super Show.
And if you're kind of younger, you probably don't remember this,
unless you've kind of seen it in a nostalgia post or whatever.
But I certainly remember this from when I was younger.
I bet a lot of our listeners remember this.
Because I think I was around like 10.
So a lot of our listeners, you know, 5, 6, probably, or 10.
Yeah, they would have the Zelda cartoon on Fridays.
Because the rest of the week was Mario cartoons, but Friday was Zelda cartoons.
Well, those came out on DVD a while back, and if you bought those,
well, it sucks to be you because they're all free on Hulu now.
So if you want to see these cartoons and what they're all about,
if you just want to see the LOLs that is this,
although I will say this, this was definitely a step above the Philips CDI cutscenes.
Those were just... wow.
It's like I drew in paint.
I know.
Those were wow.
Those are not available on Hulu, but the Zelda stuff is now on Hulu,
if you want to relive your youth or have another youth.
I don't know.
Anyhow, also in tonight's rapid-fire news,
apparently Tex Murphy is a guy who is in this series of vintage adventure games.
So if you remember those old-school games like, I don't know,
I don't want to say like Loom, but I'm thinking of the stuff like Deja Vu,
maybe Shadow Gate type of stuff, I don't know, on the PC,
King's Quest, throw in a little of that.
If those sound fun to you, you can get new games in the series,
Mean Streets and Martian Memorandum.
They're kind of throwback games to that era,
but I notice they mix in photography and a little bit of new stuff.
You can all get these free. GOG.com is the place to get these games.
Good ol' games.
It's a holiday gift from right now until December 24th.
Completely off topic, Rob.
I thought you said fartography.
That would be something completely different.
The way that you said it, I thought you said fartography.
I can't speak tonight. I don't know what it is.
I've botched so many words on the night show.
Rob can speak good.
I might need to see a doctor.
All right, anyhow.
Thark Sockra, do you have some rapid-fire news for us?
I guess I do, Rob.
Well, don't make me twist your arm or nothing.
You didn't bring us cupcakes, by the way.
Well, boo-hoo, I'm sorry.
At any rate, how about some more stuff for the iPhone?
There is Need for Speed Shift coming out for iPhone for $9.99.
20 cars, 18 tracks, tilt functionality, which means lack of functionality.
And you can play over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi.
That's pretty cool.
Although I'm kind of a little uncomfortable to imagine what it might look like.
But hey, it could come out really good.
Also, in other iPhone and racing game-related news, we have a new Ridge Racer.
We have Ridge Racer Accelerated, which will be on iPhone for $2.99.
So I totally actually really dug the last Ridge Racer that came out on iPhone,
even though I didn't play it too long because I did get a little pissed off.
So give it a go. Let us know what you think.
Also, one other thing, and this has nothing to do with the iPhone and everything to do with Rock Band,
because it's about Rock Band.
The holiday lineup for Rock Band Weekly is going to be Weezer.
We also have Songs from Limp Bizkit, the Offspring and Yellow card.
And don't forget, Rock Band Unplugged download content is on hiatus.
So here's what we're looking at for the Weezer pack.
We have Beverly Hills, Let It All Hang Out, and If You're Wondering If I Want You To, I Want You To.
And then Limp Bizkit, Build A Bridge, The Offspring, A Lot Like Me, and Yellow Card Ocean Avenue.
The latter three will be 160 points.
The pack for Weezer is 440, or 160 for each, again.
And they are also available for Lego Rock Band.
The end!
I was going to say that Riddhiers is pretty awesome to be coming to the iPhone, but it's no daytona.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo!
Moving right along into other topics tonight.
Hey, how about some Twitter topics?
Every week we request your ideas and suggestions for topics over Twitter.
And we like to read some of those right now.
First, I gotta make sure, because I wasn't here earlier tonight,
I gotta make sure some of these things don't duplicate things we're about to talk about later in the show,
because that would be a little bit embarrassing.
But TigerCaw305 sent us this article about gamers attempt to catch every Pokemon in 72 hours for charity.
That's right, some very bored gamers have, no, it's for charity, you can't say that.
But some gamers have decided to catch every Pokemon in existence.
493 of them, to be exact.
In 72 hours!
It's all for charity.
It's actually not for child's play, as a lot of these recent marathons have been for, which is obviously a great charity.
This is for a different one, it's called Allie's House.
It's an Oklahoma-based children's cancer foundation that provides support for families with medical expenses,
short-term housing, and other types of needs.
You can donate to the website.
The SpeedyGamers are the guys that are doing this.
I want a charity that involves killing Sims.
There might be an idea for a marathon there.
Put up a proposal, Loki, and bring it to the show, we might do this.
TigerCaw also sent us a quick link to an article that Blizzard will definitely work on a console game at some point.
So, in other words, not Starcraft Ghost, but like, for real this time, some type of console game.
Well, really, I think the title of this says it all.
You know, they've done so many great PC games, maybe it's about time for them to do a console game.
And they just wanted to clarify, I don't see the PC market as being bad.
We didn't have 12 million players 10 years ago.
Whatever the format, console or PC, I think if there's a good game, it's going to be played.
We're working on PC because it's familiar to us.
Console, we have to worry about those unfamiliar things.
Also coming to us from Twitter, from Deathwishing, three questions from Deathwishing.
Should I buy LittleBigPlanet Game of the Year?
Yes, if you like platformers like Mario Brothers, yes, yes, yes, I think it's a great game.
It was my game of the year, the year it came out.
Plus, you get the beta for ModNation Racers, so you've got to act quick because that just started on the 18th.
Socom Confrontation, I guess, is that a game?
Confrontation.
Confrontation, he spelled it wrong then. Confrontation.
And did you guys try out Dante's Inferno?
I did not try out Dante's Inferno.
I downloaded the demo, I haven't played it yet because I was gone all weekend.
I've heard it's pretty terrible.
I've already played God of War, thank you.
Have you checked out the demo?
No, I haven't.
I've heard it's pretty bad.
But we'll see. Again, I don't like to base games purely off the demo.
It's got a level of...
Well, it's going to be good.
I'll probably play it.
I'll tell you right now, there's no way it's going to be Bayonetta.
Oh, definitely not going to be Bayonetta.
But if you're looking for a game like Dante's Inferno, it's probably dirt cheap right now.
I'd go for Conan the Barbarian.
Or just Conan.
Not Age of Conan.
Age of Conan, but Conan that came out on consoles last year.
Conan the Librarian.
Seriously, it's such a ripoff of God of War, but it's fun.
And by now, it's probably like 20 bucks.
Less than 20 bucks.
Fair enough. Good deal.
Gamergirl sent us a tweet.
What's your take on Final Fantasy 13? Good or not so good?
Couldn't tell you. Didn't import the game. Don't want to pay those types of fees when the game's coming out here in a few months.
It's like 100 bucks and it's in Japanese only.
I can't justify doing that.
But the demo we played a few months ago and...
The demo was fun, but once again, you know, I played the demo a few times and I'm like, why did I buy this?
Whoops.
That's right.
But that wasn't anything about the game.
It was just, why did you spend so much money on a demo?
It's like, oh okay, I don't know what's really going on here.
Let's see, look at some other tweets, a couple things of stuff that we did earlier in the show, and that is basically it.
So thank you guys for your tweets.
Again, we'll take some more next week.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to follow us on Twitter.
Meanwhile, back to some more news.
Yes, Nintendo has some interesting things going on.
They've announced their new titles coming out in the first part of the year.
2010, of course, they're going to launch their first Wii game.
It's going to be Endless Ocean 2, the sequel to the Deep Sea Diving Sim.
I didn't really play a lot of the first one.
It was kind of neat, very pretty, but not something I really want to jump into for the next one.
Some DS titles, of course.
The newest, I guess I wouldn't really call them brand new, but Pokemon Heart Gold and Soul Silver, the kind of remix of Gold and Silver.
And there's some other cool things.
WiiWare titles, including And Yet It Moves.
Of course, Super Meat Boy is kind of cool.
They also have some third-party stuff listed as well.
Nothing too stand out from Konami.
For example, we've got Dance Dance Revolution, although I believe that's...
No, maybe that is a new title, Dance Dance Revolution.
I've heard there is some controversy going on right now, because I think that list came out.
And right now, that brand new Dance Dance Revolution is only slated for PS3 and Xbox, and wasn't announced for Wii.
So it's kind of like, was this the announcement or what?
The other thing, too, with Dance Dance Revolution...
I could see it probably coming to the Wii, but I remember before, they were kind of lumping in all those games.
Before, at E3, as Dance Dance Revolution won, Dance Dance Revolution for the Wii ended up being hottest part, E3.
And then, same for the PlayStation 2, it ended up being X2, so...
It might not be entirely accurate, but that's alright.
I have to say, as a long-time music game fan, and someone who's been critical of DDR over the past few years,
I am interested in the reboot game that they're doing on Xbox 360 and PS3, because it is a reboot.
Something I've been saying DDR has needed for about five years. We'll see.
DDR hasn't just needed a reboot, it's needed a resuscitation and a kick in the ass.
And we'll see if this is it, although I will say the expectations are very low.
So Konami doesn't have to do much to impress me, so we'll see.
The other thing that's going to be coming out also for the DS is WarioWare DIY, which is pretty cool.
That's that WarioWare game where you actually create your own mini-games using tools provided in the game,
including all sorts of weird things and some perverted things I've seen before on different YouTubes.
So that's going to be available as well in March.
And then finally, just in time for Valentine's Day, you're going to be getting pink and blue Wii remotes,
are going to be released as well, I believe just before Valentine's Day.
Yay, just as I always wanted a pink Wiimote.
Oh, well then remind me to get you one, Rob.
Yay, that's what I want for Christmas. Oh, damn, they're not out until February.
Well...
Maybe for my birthday.
Now if they put out a pink console, that might sell a little bit. I don't know.
Possibly.
So...
Yeah.
Alright.
The blue one's actually kind of cute.
But remember, do you remember at E3 when they first showed the Wii?
Mm-hmm.
How there were the blue ones and the different colors?
Oh yeah, there were all the different colors, but they didn't need to do that because the system sold like fucking nuts anyway, so...
Five days.
And the curse of the white system did not hurt it.
Remember, because the, well, no, the Saturn...
Well, I don't know what it is. Alright.
The Saturn in Japan came out in white.
We got it over here in black. What happened?
Poop. Dead.
So, see, they learned. They learned.
Alright.
Well, speaking of Nintendo, I want to get into this story real quick about some new trademarks that Nintendo has recently filed.
That's right.
Could this mean that a sequel to the Wii is imminent because there is a trademark that has been discovered for the Z?
That's right.
It's better than Wii because it's further in the alphabet.
It's the Z.
That's Z-I-I has been trademarked.
Now, of course, rumors run rampant.
OMG, the Wii HD is the Z!
By the way, though, just so you know, Z actually was trademarked in 2006.
Also trademarked, the B, the C, the Wii, the YI, and the Z.
This Sesame Street...
I thought the Wii was oi.
Oi, oi, oi, like a punk rock system.
No, it's like...
It's for the hardcore gamer, the oi, oi.
No, it's French.
I see.
But, you know, also, though, keep in mind, it's like a...
You know, that totally made me think of Clue.
What?
Wii Wii, madame?
No, I'm sorry.
How do I know this?
They neglected the V because that's the one...
The Chinese knockoff is called the V, isn't it?
Yeah.
Whoops, forgot that one.
And, most importantly, you forgot the P.
Where's the P?
In the toilet!
Ah!
And they missed...
Someone had to go there.
Now, see what's funny?
Somebody in chat said they forgot Xii.
Wasn't that the name of a game on PlayStation?
I want to say.
No, that was 13.
Oh, so Xii was not taken by Xiiii was.
She, though...
That sounds familiar.
I don't know.
The Z thing, though, and, unfortunately, I don't have the ability to put that clip on,
you know, our stream right now, but Z reminds me of Charlie the Unicorn, the second one,
where they go and they meet Z and they start speaking Spanish to the Z.
I remember that.
And that would be totally appropriate for this, but...
Deathwishing in chat says, the Nintendo oi with oi circle pit, run and mosh your face
off.
See, it's for the hardcore gamer.
That's exactly what it is.
We're going to do another story real quick here, but I wanted to introduce someone who
just walked into the studio tonight.
Say hello to Tiara.
Why, hello there.
How are you?
I'm good, thank you.
Thanks for joining us tonight.
How have you been?
You're tardy.
You know we start at 6 o'clock, right?
Yeah, I know.
I went out on a date.
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Aren't you just visiting?
Yeah, I'm visiting Jamie and I went out on a date with not Jamie.
You're a very naughty girl.
Did you have fun?
Yes, I did.
We saw The Blind Side, which I expected to hate, but apparently I like Sandra Bullock
when she's not in a funny movie.
Okay.
Because she's not funny.
There you go.
Fair enough.
She's not...
The Net was not very good either when she...
Well, no, that was unintentionally funny, I think, is the point there.
So how have you been?
I know you've been working on your blog and I see you posting away on the Twitters and
feel free to plug whatever, but what have you been up to lately?
Dude, I have played the hell out of Final Fantasy IV, the after years.
That game is so awesome.
I never finished it.
I feel bad because it was pretty badass, the parts that I played.
I played the opening chapter and I think I played a little bit of Rydia's side story,
but lots and lots of side stories to beat in that game.
Yeah, I have to be honest.
I didn't buy all of them, but I played through the opening chapter, which is the first three,
and then I played through part of Rydia's chapter before I drove up here.
So I'm excited to go home and play that and have the Wii Fit tell me how fat I am because
it loves to do that.
I know.
It's always kind of a downer to get on Wii Fit and then you watch as your character goes
whoop.
It's like, oh.
But surely that hasn't happened for you.
You actually look like you've lost a little bit.
Oh, well thank you.
Wii Fit's been working for you.
Well, it's fun.
I'm a master of the hula hoop now.
If only in real life.
That was a good useful skill, but no.
And you're still blogging, right?
You're still doing your comic book reviews and so forth, right?
Yeah, I still have my blog over at AvengersTower.com and Jamie blogs over there with me occasionally.
Yeah, and I'm also blogging over at EatsleepGeek.com, which is another fun geeky blog.
Cool.
Who runs that?
A bunch of geeks?
Yes, I would have to say so.
It's not just a clever name.
Very good.
So are we ever going to start now?
I've heard rumors that someday there might be a giggling girl comic book show of sorts.
Well, Jamie and I had talked about that.
We had talked about doing kind of like a mini podcast for one of our weekly features for
my blog, but we never have time and of course I'm trying to graduate next year, so I'm taking
like eight classes in the semester.
She's already got a show.
Quit trying to ninja the hosts.
Quit trying to ninja them into your show.
I'm just kidding.
We're using that computer.
No, I heard they're going to borrow the show computer to do a side project, so that's awesome.
I hope you guys are able to find the time, but certainly school is school.
Yes, indeed.
All right.
If you ever need a guest who never reads comic books, I will totally come on and be like
the gay guy on the show that says witty things.
I will totally book you for that.
Awesome.
In my comics, I don't know anything about that, but Wolverine is hot.
Exactly.
I need you to call my manager, though.
Oh, okay.
I'll give you my card.
Don't call us.
We'll call you.
All right.
No, but feel free, please, to pipe in.
Unfortunately, we don't have a fourth mic in the studio because we're a little ghetto,
but if you want to say something, raise your hand.
A little ghetto?
Just reach your hand out and grab my mic, or grab Loki.
He's closest.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on with some more gaming news, Dark Sakura.
Oh, for the record, and completely off topic, you know how you're wondering if there was
a game called Z?
There was an alternate reality game that came out on the PS3 for PlayStation Home.
That's right.
Also, Devil Dice was called Psy, which was spelled X-I.
So, we've had X-I, X-I-I, and X-I-I-I.
We've had stuff.
Well, I would like to create X-I-I-I-I, patent pending.
Although, I guess that would really be...
What, 13?
No, X-I-I-I-I, 14.
So, should it be X-I-V?
You shut your mouth!
La-la-la.
Okay.
So, how about my story, huh?
How about your story?
Yeah, how about that?
How about a particular rumor about a game I'm particularly looking forward to?
For Super Street Fighter IV, the rumor is that they're getting ten new characters total.
There's actually something based off of a clip from the Thummie stream that's showing a different list on here.
So, let me see if I can't find...
Who else might be included on here?
Well, I know for a fact that they're getting a DJ in Feilong, and Adon, and...
Guy and Cody, right?
Guy and Cody, and...
I don't think they've announced any new ones, but there's, like, placeholders here, right?
Yeah, well, see, there's four here that are completely blank according to this, and I can actually link the clip to the chatroom if they want to look at it.
It definitely, I think, would be worth seeing.
But from what I can tell on here...
No, Dan, you can't talk to me right now.
Sorry.
What I can tell on here is that...
Yeah, I recognize just about everybody else on here, so I wouldn't think of who they could have put in unless they're adding in, like, Charlie, and Rolando, and maybe Hagar.
What's interesting is that the game, we were only supposed to be getting, like, six, I think, in an earlier review, or maybe it was seven or eight, but now it's up to ten.
Like, it's almost like they can't put this down.
They can't get away from this project, which is, you know, it's a good thing.
It means that they really love it, but that's a lot of new characters too.
It's just these four empty slots on here, it makes me wonder, you know, what's going to go in.
This has to be from some kind of beta or demo on here.
Clearly one is going to be for Yoda, and one is going to be for Darth Vader.
Obviously, this is the download content.
I think that it should have the Tatsunoko versus Capcom people thrown in.
Some folks in the chatroom, Leo Shen says it's Ibuki, Dudley, and Makoto from what I heard, and I know the Ibuki rumor has been all around the internet.
And then Bob Coffee says Hakan equals an Arab oil dude.
Ono talked about but hasn't been revealed yet.
And I've heard that rumor too, that there was some type of, like, oil tycoon fighter in it as well.
Okay, Game Guru, is Charlie really dead or is he Jean Grey dead?
Answer that.
Maybe Street Fighter is like Heroes, where people die but they don't ever, like, die.
Maybe it's like Heroes where they get their brains eaten.
Or maybe it's like Heroes where it starts to suck by the third season, but then gets good again at the fourth season.
And then I stopped watching it at the fourth season, but apparently, you know.
Of course you realize all I know about Heroes is the brain eating, and the cheerleader is like Wolverine.
Look, I'm just saying, Street Fighter doesn't have Zachary Quinto, okay? That's all I'm saying.
That's all I'm saying. ZQ or GTFO.
Maybe it's like that episode of Heroes where Spock accidentally blows up Romulus and Nero goes back in time to find him.
Perhaps. Actually, in an unrelated story that I don't think we covered yet, but did you hear about that, that ZQ actually announced this week at the Video Game Awards?
He's going to be doing the voice for Star Trek Online.
Yes.
I guess, like, doing the opening narration or whatever, and I'm just like, he can talk to me anytime he wants.
But he will be doing a William Shatner impression.
No.
You know what, by the way, I have decided to get the Amazon one, because I want a Borg chick.
Okay, fair enough.
She wants a Borg chick.
I want a really ugly, I want a really ugly Borg chick.
You want a Borg chick? What? No, I'm just kidding.
I haven't decided which version of the game I'm getting yet.
All I know is that I kind of want to play like a sassy Vulcan, which I know is kind of a contradiction, but I think sometimes the only logic is sass.
Okay, I'm going to totally out myself as a super nerd, but I read the Star Trek novels.
Nerd!
And in the novels, there's a half-Vulcan who totally rejects her Vulcan side and is kind of sassy.
So, yeah, you could be sassy.
I can't play MMOs and not be sassy. It's my thing.
Remember, we have to make the O.L. Orient.
That's true, and I'll have one of those.
You have to be sassy in the pants.
I have to have a sassy Vulcan.
You have to be sassy in the pants.
That's right. Absolutely.
I started playing WoW again, Rob. Did you see that?
Sucker! How's it going?
It's going good. My priest is almost 43. I've been using that dungeon finder thing.
And Jamie's on the phone with Dan.
That must be important.
The dungeon finder's great, though.
Oh, yeah. I leveled from 37 to 42 in two days just doing that. So nice.
It wasn't important.
I'm also getting Star Trek Online, obviously, because I'm a big, huge nerd.
Final Fantasy XIV we talked about earlier in the show.
Eh, eh, eh. What?
Probably not.
All right. Fair enough.
Some comments in chat about the sassy Vulcan.
Salacious Pop says, instead of saying, that's not logical, she says, so ignorant.
So ignorant.
SSG 100 Matt says, Rob's character, live long and prosper, bitch.
That's a good one. I like that.
We'll see what happens there.
Also, Tigerclaw's letting me know some specifics on that.
Apparently, he's also doing the voice of the emergency medical hologram.
Although, I gotta say, come on.
The guy who did it, what was his name?
The emergency hologram program, Robert Picardo or whatever his name was in Voyager.
When you think emergency medical program, I always think of him.
Remember how they got him a cameo in First Contact?
We watched some of that last night.
Did you really? I was watching through your window.
I wanted to be at your slumber party, but I couldn't and I was jealous.
What was it you were saying? We were going for the whole revenge theme?
Because we watched Wrath of Khan before that?
We watched Wrath of Khan and then she said, I wanted to watch good Star Trek movies,
but she tried to put in Star Trek 3.
I like Star Trek 3.
I actually like that one.
Dan lost my copy.
Anyhow, sorry, let's get into some other gaming news.
Just a couple quick articles. We're going to get to the mail back here very soon. Loki.
Yes, Nintendo has trademarked what is going to be about equally retarded as the Wii Vitality Sensor.
Wii Relax.
Yes, it's a game about relaxing.
It involves you putting on a Vitality Sensor so that you can relax.
Relax or die.
Actually, wasn't there a mode? I think it's in Wii Fit.
One of the games, I think it's one of the last things you unlock is a
sit on the balance board as still as you possibly can.
If your fat ass moves too much, you're going to blow out the candle.
It's like a relaxed mini-game or something.
I seem to remember.
Now you're telling me that don't move your ass is turning into a full game?
Isn't that kind of counter-intuitive with the whole Wii Fit?
Am I supposed to be moving?
Well, no. The only thing I've ever known, like any type of exercise thing I've ever done
where you have to keep perfectly still is doing isolation exercises.
Other than that, I don't know.
I'm grabbing at straws here. I'm trying to find some logic in this.
I don't know. Hopefully the game is going to say, you know,
relax, but don't touch yourself.
No wanking.
Wait a second. Game's going to be like, please put it on your finger.
Wait a second. That is not your finger.
Stop that. That is dirty.
Please do not be fapping.
It'll be like Miss Nude World 96 where if it detects something bad going on,
then the image flips to the devil picture.
Honestly, like a whole two people have probably ever played that game in MAME
and get that reference, but Loki's raising his hand.
Somebody out there will understand what I'm talking about, and it's quite funny.
I promise.
Anyhow.
Other things.
I like how they show this girl in the picture that they picked.
She looks like either a mannequin or a corpse.
Can't get more relaxed than a corpse.
I can just see it now. Person dies while playing Wii Relax, and the game never knew.
High score.
World Record and Wii Relax.
Anyhow, that's terrible.
Hey, we should do that. We should try to go for the World Record.
And Wii Relax? No, then we'll die.
That's the only way you're going to get the World Record is to die while playing Wii Relax.
It's worth it.
No.
I like the whole living thing.
I like this idea better. How about we go kill a million freaking zombies?
That would be super awesome. That always makes a good game.
Hence why Left 4 Dead is so freaking amazing.
Apparently, what's going on here is that they're going to get characters from the original Left 4 Dead
to now hang out with the new characters.
So apparently the old characters and the new characters from Left 4 Dead 2
will meet in a game called The Passing, or a download content piece.
It's called The Most Important Campaign in the Left 4 Dead Story.
All the survivors are being called together in one campaign.
That's from the Valve VP of Marketing, Doug Lombardi.
That's going to come out in 2010 on the Xbox 360 and PC.
It's going to have a co-op campaign in rural Georgia and a cooperative challenge mode of play.
There will be survival versus a scavenge mode.
If you play as the Left 4 Dead 2 cast, you get a new melee weapon, firearm, and uncommon common zombie.
That's kind of interesting that they are going to bring the two worlds together.
But kind of cool. I bet fans of the series are going to be very excited about that.
I wonder if that also means that maybe there's going to be an eight player type of mode now.
That sounds like it could be pretty awesome.
So there you go.
Coming soon.
Coming to you right now is the Orange Lounge Radio Mailbag.
It's the part of the show every week where we take some emails and read them for you.
Live on air.
So Dark Sakura, please open up the meal bag.
What? I can't talk tonight.
I'm broken. I need to be fixed.
Not in that way.
I need to wee relax.
You need to get us cupcakes.
I do not need a god damn cupcake.
You need to get us cupcakes.
How's that going to help me?
You'll be doing a good deed and it will make you feel better in your heart.
Isn't wee relax thinking about baseball anyways?
Wee relax is mean...
Think about it.
And it makes your wee relax.
They should do wee irritate.
Mailbag!
Well this is sort of a mass email so I'm going to go ahead and read it.
I have a question.
If a kid has the money to get a console but no games,
should the parent get the games for that console?
For me, it is an Xbox 360.
I can only survive on demos for so long.
Sincerely, DS Master 26.
P.S. This is typed on a wee with wee mode and I'm visually impaired and lawsuits are a disgrace.
Shame on him.
Okay. McDonald's is an equal opportunity employer.
You can get a job and save up and buy yourself some games.
Parents don't have to buy you shit.
Parents might reward you with games or consoles or what have you
if you've been a good little boy and or girl
and you do chores around the house and what have you.
Or maybe you're in a household where you're fortunate enough to be spoiled to your heart's content
like maybe Paris Hilton was when she was growing up.
Unfortunately, that's not the way most of us have it.
So parents don't have to buy anything at all.
In fact, keep in mind in this economy of people losing their jobs and stuff,
some parents can't afford to buy games at all.
So you might be lucky to be getting a variety puzzle book from Penny Press.
If you've got a Wii and an Xbox 360, you can sell one of them to get games for the other.
The reason I can get away with having all of these systems is because, well, until I hurt my hand,
I had enough money to buy them.
In certain states, if you're like 14, you can get a work permit and go work at certain places.
And you know what? It's not a bad idea because work experience goes a long way.
I mean, you might not want to work, but if you want a really cushy job in the future,
working the crap jobs now help get you there faster.
Moulins.
So just something to think about.
Moulins unless you have lethal allergies.
So, yeah, you'll find something.
If you were skilled enough to type this email on a Wii or whatever,
you probably can help old ladies and old men set up.
It just says visually impaired.
Still, you can probably help old ladies and old men get their computers set up or something.
I bet there's a lot of things that you probably can still do.
Yeah, you just have to look around for it.
And on top of that, it's not like you can't start a change jar.
But maybe your parents don't want you to get a job at 14, and that's their prerogative.
You know, my parents didn't want me to have a job that young because they wanted me to focus on studying.
So maybe try to work something out with your parents.
You get an allowance?
I want this game. How can I get this game?
Can I get a job? Can I do chores around the house? Can I get good grades?
That's not something I got the answer to.
Your parents will raise you however they want and or can.
Or, you know, and certainly in other cases, you know, when I say parents, I mean whoever is caring for you right now.
Legal guardian.
Your guardians, et cetera, et cetera, just because there's many different types of families out there.
I just want to point that out.
Okay. The last one is big.
Ah, long email.
Okay, hey, OLR crew, since I probably can't make it to tonight's episode due to finals and such, ooh, I'm sorry,
I thought I'd email my review of the game I'd like to share with everyone.
Mushihime-sama Futari, a 2D bullet hell shooter from awesome folks at Cave.
For those who haven't been caught up on the recent shmup news, the recent Xbox 360 port of Futari is region-free.
Having heard this news, I preordered my copy and received it within a week and a half of it shipping out.
So far, the game is mind-blowing.
After having played Touhou for a few months, Futari is especially pretty in comparison.
The games are very nicely detailed and vivid.
Although there is slowdown, it's implemented on purpose in order to make the game easier at times.
As far as play options and modes go, Futari offers a wide variety of them.
You can customize the game's display to your liking from the rotation of the screen,
for those dedicated enough to rotate their TVs for vertical shooters,
to more intricate details like display filters and scan lines.
The main mode, version 1.5, offers three difficulty levels from the arcade, original, fairly simple gameplay,
maniac, more difficult bullet patterns and an engaging scoring system,
and the infamous ultra difficulty, home of the final boss that is featured in many a YouTube video.
Then there's a range mode, a unique and complex twist on the regular gameplay,
with the ability to switch characters as well as slow down bullets close to you and reflect them back to crank out tons of points.
And if you're looking for stress relief or are bad at shooters, there's the novice mode,
a glorified easy mode that offers the easy versions of original, maniac, and ultra.
I tried novice ultra, and the bullet patterns are dense enough that you go,
ah, wow, but they have very sensible gaps so you can enjoy the pretty bullet patterns without having to struggle to avoid them.
I beat this mode on one credit on my first try, and I still found it to be a very fun experience.
Overall, I really like this game. It's worth the $70 I paid for it,
and yes, I just said that a non-multi-hour game is worth $70.
Holy shit, I just committed a capital offense.
Every time I do a session of futari, I come across something new that just amazes me,
whether it's a new scoring trick, a new way to dodge bullet barrages, or a game mechanic I wasn't fully aware of.
Arrangement, for instance, took me two playthroughs of this rather fun mode to get to grips with its mechanics.
My one complaint so far is the pricing of the expansion pack.
The Mushihime Futari Black Label offers revised original and maniac modes as well as a new god mode that is like ultra mode,
but with somewhat less retardedness. Is that a word?
And new shot types.
While I like Black Label, I question whether it's worth the 1200 Microsoft points,
especially since I can get Raiden Fighter's Aces 3 games in one for $5 more,
or one of a handful of standalone shmups for anywhere between $5 to $10.
If you're a dedicated bullet hell fan or have an Xbox 360 of any region lying around,
you owe it to yourself to snap up a copy of Futari for $360.
I mean, hey, 70 bucks? At least you're not paying triple digits for the arcade hardware.
And that's from Ray Ayanami slash GS68.
PS, this email is brought to you by San Jose State University, home of the never-ending for low days.
It's on the list of things to play.
The next one on my list other than Bayonetta for my Japanese region system was Ootomedia is Gorgeous
was the next one I wanted to play.
Then, of course, the one he mentioned was third on the list.
That's so interesting, though, that it would actually put a mode in there for you to, like, turn the TV around.
Do those people do that?
No, we actually bought a monitor, and it turned out that the monitor wasn't the right type.
We bought an EGA monitor by accident, but it had a rotation.
In fact, Dan's monitor here rotates.
So he's actually pulled out the monitor and rotated it to play shmups,
because I think he got, like, Raiden and Raiden 2 to run on MAME.
So, yeah, he's... it works.
Hmm.
All right, well, thank you for the review. We appreciate it.
And, of course, you can always send in your own game review if you want to.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send emails.
Was that it for emails tonight?
It was indeed.
Well, then, there you go.
So let's move on to some more stories.
Just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the Skype line tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But not just yet.
For now, let's do some last few stories here.
Well, before we do stories, though...
Oh! Gosh, that's right, we have to get to the angst.
Well, not now, because DarkSaga just ran to use the potty.
So we'll do the stories in the angst.
She went through a different type of angst.
Yes.
Anyways, there's a rumor that NHL 2K11 may be cancelled.
And maybe 2K Sports is in some sort of financial trouble.
This is coming from the recently released Take-Two's Q4 fiscal 2009 results.
There's a section of games that the publisher is currently planning to ship in 2010.
Both MLB 2K10 and NBA 2K11 are listed on the report, although I would think it's...
I can't remember if it's 2K9.
Yeah, I guess that's right there.
You're behind or whatever.
Anyways, and of course, that NHL 2K11 is not on the list.
It's interesting.
It says, we are currently in the process of evaluating our sports portfolio and have not announced any new NHL titles at this time.
And that's a pretty damning statement, they put it.
And also seeing that if NHL 2K is no more, the franchise appears to be dying the same death as College Hoops 2K series.
So they're kind of slim-lining their portfolio as far as their sports games.
And honestly, I'm kind of surprised with the NHL stuff because I always thought that NHL 2K did a lot better than the NHL...
EA's NHL games, and I think it was a better put-together game.
At least my friend at work who's really huge in the hockey used to pick up the 2K series quite often, and he seemed to like it a lot better.
But, eh, who knows?
And of course, they're wondering that maybe 2K Sports as a publisher might be in some trouble as well, seeing as MLB 2K apparently didn't do that well last year, or I should say earlier this year.
Also, some of the EA games hockey stuff has done a lot better than NHL 2K, regardless of quality.
And of course, since EA has the NFL license still, they can't even really make a football game, even though they did try with that All-American Football 2K or whatever that sucked.
Well, I hope it's not that a series is going away, because that's going to leave very few hockey simulation games.
So, you know, I always am a fan of more competition, that's for sure.
One other story for you guys before we get to the FUs of the Week and then the Skype line, and that has to do with Champions Online.
And if you played and disliked Champion Online, which as I understand many of you did, maybe a giant teddy bear will change your mind.
That's right, Mecha Teddy has made its way into Champions Online.
It's called the Attack of the Misfit Toys, it's a seasonal event that's going on in Champions Online right now.
And I guess it has a new villain called Black Harlequin is one villain in it.
And there's also a villain that is just a giant mechanical teddy bear.
So if you want to kill a big teddy bear, make your way to Champions Online right now.
That's awesome.
I have to admit, that is kind of awesome, but I've heard the game was not anything to scream about.
But sometimes MMOs have rough launches and then they get better as time goes on.
I mean let's face it, how many times did Warcraft evolve, right?
I mean Warcraft didn't really get rolling until it was out for a couple of years.
How long until Warcraft gets giant teddy bears?
I don't know, who knows.
Anyhow, there are no-
What is Warcraft doing for their holiday event?
They kind of do the same thing they do usually during the holiday events.
There's random Santas all over the place.
They call it the festival something, I don't remember.
They have to give everything very generic holiday names because they're not taken from the real world.
But they do holiday events pretty much the same every year.
But sometimes they add new things like a new boss.
Or this year they added the Thanksgiving event was brand new.
So they kind of go back to the calendar and add new things.
But they do holidays throughout the year.
Anyhow, let's get to the FUs of the week because I missed doing it earlier.
But I just wanted to talk about teddy bears. Can you blame me?
You know what? I've had a really great weekend.
So I can't really say FU to anything except maybe situations regarding a late paycheck and EDD.
I've heard that California, I don't know about disability, but unemployment especially had some hurdles recently too.
I don't know if that affected all ends of it.
I'm actually more pissed off at EDD for not sending me certain paperwork that I needed to fill out three weeks ago.
So I'm still waiting on three weeks of pay.
But starting next week though, I'm back to getting some of my regular checks.
Woot.
Loki.
FU to people that think it's necessary to put inflatable holiday decorations out on their lawn and or house.
Apparently it is just really prevalent this year.
I mean, they're all over the fucking place.
In fact, our neighbor's house across the street decided,
Hey, you'll be a great idea. Let's put Frosty the snowman on our roof with some presents.
It looks like a giant fucking snowman is attacking the house.
It is just retarded and people need to...
Maybe that's the next champions online boss. Who knows?
They need to cut it back.
I mean, because they've got all sorts of inflatable things from, you know,
giant snow globes to there's a guy in the corner that has Santa riding a Harley.
It's ridiculous. And I mean, it's just another thing that the holiday can barf onto your house
because there's some people that have everything and they just keep adding every year.
And oh my God, one house looks like they threw the lights just over the house and that's it.
It's sad.
I like Dark Sakura. Things are pretty good for me right now.
So I don't have a lot of angst actually.
But I will say FU to mob mentality, especially on the internets.
God, some people are real sheep.
Clearly I'm not talking about any of you, of course.
Folks listening, what have you.
It's just things I observe as I lurk on the internets.
Well, I do also, though, think there should be an FU directed to that site too.
Oh yeah, of course. Well, that goes...
God, they got 20 minutes of an FU earlier.
I don't need to give them any more time.
All right. And of course, how could we forget Tiara's here?
Maybe she wants to get in on the angst tonight.
I would like to say FU to people who deny the Holocaust.
How can you do that?
I know. I'm laughing because it's ridiculous.
Well, a PE teacher in Las Vegas was suspended for telling students that the Holocaust didn't exist
and that photographs were doctored, textbooks are inaccurate,
and that the Nazis lacked the technology to kill so many people.
And I just hope they fire her. FU to that lady.
Wow. Wow. That's all I can say is wow.
I don't know. I kind of put...
Well, that's really bad, but the whole 9-11 conspiracy theories, like...
Come on. Really?
Well, first of all, in both situations you've got first person accounts from people who were there.
You know, it's ridiculous.
You know, I realize we have freedom of speech and all in this country, but good Lord.
Use it appropriately.
All right. Anyhow, we've got to get to the phones.
We're actually going to start off tonight with a caller who should already be on the line.
Caller, are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Hi. Who is this?
This is SSJ100 Matt.
SSJ100 Matt, thank you so much for being on the show tonight. How are you doing?
I'm doing very well and it sounds like you guys are doing well, too.
Excellent. Yes, actually we're doing pretty good.
When two of the three hosts have very little to rant about, it's usually a good night.
But what's on your mind? What do we owe this phone call tonight?
Well, as many people have been following, the Orange Land Revolution second mix is coming out this week.
Yes, we talked about it at the top of the show, of course, but for those that tuned in late,
it's like a fan project dedicated to the show, which low-key, myself and Dark Soccer, we didn't do shit for this project.
We didn't do anything.
Well, not directly. You guys created the shenanigans as the show and we kind of went with it.
I would say I'm the lead developer, but you know what? This has all been a group effort.
A lot of listeners have contributed and it took us two years,
but I think we made a very great game.
Well, tell us about some of the thank yous.
Who are some of the people we need to give hugs and kisses to for making this game happen besides you?
I would say the hardcore listeners. We have Act Def who worked on a couple songs.
Dark Tetsuya, Misty, Breslul, who gave us the amazing announcer pack, and a lot of other people I can't even think of.
Did you really have to put that guy song in there, though? Because I saw that YouTube and I was like, what is this?
It's already bad enough. I was actually listening to Understation Live, not this week, but last week,
and I heard that thing, I don't know, it was a song from The Karate Kid or something,
and then suddenly it just goes into, the best! The best! The best!
And I'm like, what is this? Is this funny? I'm laughing because of how stupid it is.
You know I love Breslul and he knows I love him, but there's clearly an inside joke here I'm not understanding,
but I'm laughing because it's stupid funny like Showgirls.
The inside joke is just John.
I see, okay. Fair enough.
But, you know, we have a lot of things in there from, you know, back from your old days, from U.S.L.
Oh God, oh man, you want to talk about embarrassing stuff? I'd rather the Like a Prayer stuff be released on, like,
Entertainment Tonight than some of the old U.S.L. clips.
Oh, well, we pretty much have everything that you've sung on there, so.
Great.
Contributed by a certain Mr. Donovan.
Oh, love, oh great, I'm sure. Loki, be glad we didn't know you back then,
because Travis had a way of getting you to make an ass out of yourself on the radio.
I wouldn't have been.
God bless Travis Donovan, I would probably not be doing internet radio right now still if it were not for him.
You still remember the number one way to make him upset was to drop the C-bomb.
That's right!
And you kept doing it.
Because it was my favorite word at the time. But anyhow.
Well, you know, Loki didn't get unscathed on this, so both of his performances are in the game.
Thank God.
This is why I don't do karaoke on the internet.
Were you able to find anything embarrassing of Dark Sakura?
Actually, no, we haven't been able to, you know, we have our archivers, but no one was able to find anything.
Ask Travis for the apology song.
No!
That's all I'm going to say.
No, no, no, actually that would piss me off.
Beyond piss her off with laughter.
I don't understand why we have to get the bad stuff, but...
No, that's actually something that I'm still upset with him about, so...
Then don't ask him about that. Ask him to hear it, just don't put it in the game.
Alright.
But, you know, all the things that we put in, you know, we kind of made themed non-stop tracks of, you know, songs that you guys would enjoy.
You know, we have a lot of songs from the Cage Match, we got a lot of songs that, you know, you, Jamie, and Matt like.
So, you know, it's got pretty much everything in it.
Just an all ABBA course for me, of course.
Although we don't have a whole lot of ABBA in it, but, you know, we have, like, Skulk, we know you like that.
Oh yeah, that's my favorite.
We have Castlevania stuff for Jamie, we have a couple of Loki's remixes in there, so, you know, it's really got everything in it.
And you know what, it doesn't just end here, we actually are planning on doing DLC for it, so...
Oh my god, DLC, that's amazing.
And of course this is all free, because it's kind of a rip-off of DDR in the first place, so you can't really charge for it.
But if the listeners want to grab it, how can they get a copy of the game?
Well, the game comes out on Christmas Eve, so this will be a nice Christmas present for all the OLAR fans.
And it will be up on the website, in the forums, so, you know, you'll be able to download it, spread it out, give it to everyone, to your heart's content.
That's right, spread it like a badass TD, just go out there and tell all your friends.
No, I, you know, and I truly think it's awesome that you guys have spent so much time on what some might view as a silly little project,
but I kind of go, wow, the show, like, actually, people wanted to do that for our show, like, it's, I can't describe for you how neat that feels, so...
But you know what, we couldn't have been able to do it without you guys, so, you know, if you guys didn't do the show, then, you know, we would have been just nerds hovering around a keyboard.
I appreciate it. Maybe that'll be the name of the, you know, the next show in the future, because, you know, all good things must come to an end.
OLR will end someday, I mean, it might be ten years from now, but, you know, it's gonna, someday, somebody's gonna wanna move or something.
Maybe that'll be the next show, it'll be nerds sitting around a keyboard. We'll see.
Maybe the comic book show needs a name, probably, unless you guys already thought of one, I don't know.
So maybe, maybe, could say, maybe that one. Giggling girls sitting around a keyboard. And a comic book.
Alright. Anyhow, SSG 100 Matt, is there anything else you want to say about the project, or anything else going on in your week that you want to tell us about?
Um, nothing really. I mean, I've just been playing, uh, the new crack game that I have is Modern Warfare 2, and, you know, plenty of NHL.
But, aside from that, you know, working on this game, so everyone can get it out on Christmas. So, aside from that.
Alright. Well, thank you, once again, from all of us here at OLR, SSG 100 Matt, and everybody that worked on the project, all the folks you named, and so forth.
Uh, it's a great tribute. As silly as it might be, especially to, I think, those that are going to download it that don't remember the heydays of OLR, and some of the crazy stuff we used to do.
They're going to look at it and go, what? But, to us, we get it, and it's a great tribute, and thank you so much.
Are there Iraqi suicide babies?
That's an old joke. That's good.
I can't, I can't say.
Ah, might be the toasty thing that comes out, I don't know. Or, uh, what other, like, really, really old jokes do we have on the show? Like, I gotta go way back.
Big Black Cock.
Big Black Cock, that's old. Oh, man.
The King of Iron Fingering.
Oh, boy. Now, that's a good Embarrassing Jamie moment, just so you know.
Yeah, but that was old, and I don't care anymore.
Alright. She's over it now. Alright.
But, yeah, definitely check out fans in the chat room, and everyone, check out the Orange Lines Revolution YouTube channel.
We're posting up previews of everything, and eventually, you know, we'll post up everything that's on there, but, you know. Check it out now.
Thank you so much, and just if you want a little taste, if I could, just real quick, I'm going to go to the YouTube channel real quick here, because I want to play, this is one of the songs that you could actually play in OLR Revolution.
So, actually, some of these are, oh, they've added new stuff here.
Oh, apparently, the Happy Sky Course has a Freeze Pop song in it, because I recognize that in the background.
Let me see here, because I wanted to play that one song that made me go, what?
Oh, God, they actually had the video of the Like a Prayer thing there.
I hate you.
Where was it? Here it is. Here it is.
This is one of the great classics you could play in this game.
I'm waiting for it to pop.
So, it's like the Legend of Max, right, basically? Hold on, wait.
Or this one, Gaianora Waternal, if it'll load. Here we go.
Here we go.
To someone who listens to Understation Live, that's funny. To the rest of us, we're like, what is that?
But you all know John, so you know.
I know. John needs to come back and visit.
Although I have heard rumors, I have heard rumblings that the one and only Travis Donovan is considering a Sacramento visit.
We may have Travis Donovan on this very program.
And I could have sworn at one point he swore he would never come on Orange Lawn's radio.
But that might have changed. It's eight years now, and we may have him on the program.
That would be, I can't even...
That would be like DC and Marvel.
Seriously, set your TiVo's now, kids. That's going to be an amazing show.
Alright, ST-100 Matt, thank you so much for the call, and thank you again for all your hard work in this project.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
Thank you, guys.
Alright, take care.
Yep, take care.
I'd love that call.
Thank you. No, thank you. No, no, no. Thank you. No, no, no, no. Thank you.
Alright, anyhow, if you want to give us a call and say your thanks, or let us thank you for calling,
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, so you can go ahead and give us a call right now.
We're taking calls live.
While we wait for some calls, since there is a little bit of a buffer between when we say things here in the studio and when you guys hear them on the feed,
let's get some last-minute stories. Loki.
The Sims 3 is releasing a tool to create your own worlds, so you can build your own towns in those said worlds,
and that'll be released soon, although I don't see when.
Alright, Russell, Russell, Thumble, Thumble.
Hi, caller, are you there?
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Yes.
Hi, who is this?
It's Deathwishing.
Hi, Deathwishing. What's on your mind?
Well, first off, can I say an F you? Because I kind of feel like I probably should have said this instead of what I said.
Okay.
F you to the Modern Warfare 2 hackers. You ruined it for me.
What did they do?
This has been lately. I don't know if the patches addressed it yet, but they've actually made it where certain playlists and stuff will put you into hacked games and stuff.
I really like the third-person playlists on it, and I'm now getting put into 18-player free-for-all with unlimited noob tube,
unlimited ammo with noob tubes, and then when someone gets an AC-130, it's just rapid-fire.
130 cannon shots.
You know what? I support hacking and cracking your own game.
If you want to go hack Modern Warfare so that you jump to the sun whenever you jump or that you have infinite rockets or whatever, go for it.
But when you go and force that on other people in multiplayer to inflate your EP to make you feel better, that's just messed up.
That's not what the rest of us are paying for.
It just stinks.
Hack it to your heart's content. Just don't go online with it.
And I also got a PS3.
Well, congratulations. Did you get any games for it?
Not yet.
Not yet? Are you thinking? Well, you sent us a tweet earlier.
I rented Killzone 2.
And how was that?
It's beautiful.
Now, you were asking us about a lot of retail games, but have you thought about any of the download stuff that PlayStation Network offers?
That princess was the first thing that came to mind.
Really? Did you get it?
No.
Half the money.
Oh, I see then. Well, maybe for Christmas you'll get some money or some PSN cards and you can talk about a new future show.
And I found an old thing you guys didn't think about, an old joke.
Okay.
It's called the exclamation point.
What?
Fucked you exclamation points? You don't remember that?
The exclamation points?
Yeah.
You have to explain, no.
It's hard to explain.
Never mind.
Hold on, where's our Price is Right losing horn?
I think I just died a little bit.
You don't even want to try and explain what this is? Because obviously you thought it was funny.
I don't really want to explain because I've been up for 32 hours.
What have you been up for 32 hours for?
It was my party.
Well, it's your party and you'll make a fail call to Orange Lounge Radio if you want to. So congratulations, this fail horn is for you.
I want to kill myself.
Oh, I want to kill myself.
Don't kill yourself, just go to bed.
Oh, and Allison, the best thing, it's a 4chan meme.
Oh, God. Did I really just let that onto this program? Oh well, I suppose it was an endable at some point.
Yes you did.
Oh well, whatever.
Where there is a dark corner of the internet to be hiding in, there lies 4chan. What do you know?
And I hide there because I fail.
Alright, well congratulations on failing.
Alright, have a good night, Death Wishing, and happy birthday.
The worst call ever, thank you.
They want your cupcakes, by the way.
Oh, yeah, I have 15 of them.
Awesome, later.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio. Try not to have a fail call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
The best!
No, okay, I'm done with that.
Did that really come from 4chan?
I, okay, that whole thing, this is completely unrelated to why I'm calling.
Okay.
This is Breslau, by the way, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, hi Breslau, sorry.
I would assume no listeners know that from the screechy voice we heard in...
Guy, guy, guy, guy, guy, guy, guy.
Just kidding.
I hate everybody.
I was red in the face when you were playing that, so now everybody thinks of me as this moron.
Well, good, now you know how I feel when I saw the Like A Prayer thing on YouTube.
Okay, there we go.
No, that came, okay, my roommate just kept saying the best of the best, like, to try to troll me.
I'm like, okay, seriously, what the hell is that from?
So, she shows me the video, and I think it's hilarious, and I spam it all over the internet.
So, and I got Travis good with it.
I see.
Any time I can troll my own co-host is a good day for me.
Very good day for you.
Now, I was actually calling, because we started a tradition two years ago on this very station.
We called it March Madness, but now since we started in January, we just call it Madness.
The best game of all time tournament, best 80 games of all time, square off in battle, and only one survives.
Last year it was Super Mario Brothers 3, and I'm officially opening the vote for nominations.
Ah, so nominations are kicking off tonight, even though it's not 2010 yet.
Are you kicking off things a little early, DMN?
Uh, yes, because I have so much, I'm going to have so much stress in January.
I want to get it started now.
Well, it's your schtick, you can do whatever the hell you want, DMN. You go.
Yes.
All right.
We're changing the voting around, so there could be, like, games like Rock Band and DDR,
now, I know a lot of people who listen to the show are huge Be Monty fans, and that's nothing against them,
but it's been a problem when DDR is seeded in the top 12, and Rock Band has seeded in the top five for consecutive years.
So we're changing the formula a little bit to keep it a little bit more fair,
so we don't see games like Rock Band get all the way to the final four,
because a lot of people are like, this game doesn't really need to be here.
What are you doing different?
Or is it a top secret formula?
It's a secret.
I see. It's like the herbs and spices at KFC. It's going to forever remain top secret. All right.
It's a secret to everybody.
So go vote on something that you're not really sure how it works, but in the end, there will be a winner that will be picked.
And pie?
I have all the details of submitting your vote on orangeolensradio.com right now.
Sweet.
If there are any questions, they can also be directed to uslmadness at gmail.com.
I'll be putting bracket details up probably in a couple of weeks.
But votes are open now, so vote early, but don't vote often, because you can only vote once.
I have a question.
Yes?
My question is, why don't we just call this whole thing over and Super Metroid wins, because that is what should happen.
You know, I agree with you.
Super Metroid is the greatest game of all time.
I will tell you that both years, and I will even tell you this year, it will be my top vote.
But when it gets beaten by crap like Tetris.
Aw, well Tetris isn't crap, but it's just not Super Metroid.
It's not Super Metroid.
But I also had another reason I was calling in.
Oh, my.
Not to promote anything.
I actually, I have a beef with video game marketing, and since I finally called into the show and tuned in for the first time in like five months,
my game of the year this year was Borderlands.
Hands down.
But this game didn't get a lot of press, because everyone's, you know, staining their pants about Modern Warfare 2.
I'm going to be honest with you, Modern Warfare 2 is not the best game I've played.
It is not the best game I've played this year.
It is not the best game I've played in the past five years.
Modern Warfare 2 is above average.
It's a good game.
But it's not this amazing thing people make it out to be.
The reason why it was this great thing everyone made it out to be is marketing.
I wish some of these games that were great got more marketing.
If Borderlands got the marketing it deserved, I think it would have, it would have sold more, it would have got, people would have liked it more,
and the game from what I noticed really got popular by a little bit of, a little bit of marketing and a little bit of word of mouth.
But you see games like Katamari Damacy, Psychonauts, gosh, what was the other one I had?
Okami would be a good example.
These games get fantastic reviews.
And unfortunately in these days that doesn't mean anything and it's depressing.
You know what's weird though? Sometimes it does.
Like I look at a game like Braid that really did everything based off of that word of mouth.
But maybe that's the difference between download title and going to the store and drop $60 because you know.
And one question I usually ask people when they tell me a game's good I say, well is it $60 good?
Or is it, you know, a rental good?
That stems from an old game on my show that Jimmy and I did on our old show way back.
God I don't even want to remember.
But we had a segment called Actual Retail Price where we would name games that were coming out
and we would say what we would actually pay for them.
And in some cases I'd pay more than $60 for a game.
And in a lot of cases I'd maybe pay $40 for a game.
Look at a game like World of Warcraft, I have paid more than $60 for that game.
In fact I've paid more than I care to admit.
But Modern Warfare 2 is not a $60 game.
It was a $45 game.
I hate to say it.
But I needed to get that out because I'm sick, and Nintendo is so guilty of this.
All I have to say is Wii Music.
They marketed this as the greatest thing since sliced bread and it was crap.
But that's all.
I'm done. It was good talking to you guys. Happy holidays.
No, I appreciate it. It's a damn good point DMN.
And I think something will also continue next week.
Next week is going to be our last show of the year and the holidays will die down a little bit.
And we're going to get into some of these talks about not just the stuff of the year.
In fact I kind of envision we haven't really sat down to talk about next week's show.
But I sort of see that we're going to spend half of it talking about the year and half of it talking about the decade.
And I think in this decade alone we've come to have to pay a lot more for our games.
We're paying now $60 for games whereas at the beginning of the decade with the whole CD based thing we weren't paying so much before.
I will say the first game I paid $60 for, Street Fighter II on the Super Nintendo.
First game I paid $60 for was Killer Instinct on the Super Nintendo.
I do realize that cartridge based games did raise that expectation earlier.
But CD was supposed to drop that and now it's come back up again. It's very interesting.
We will talk about a little more of this next week as we start to kind of wrap up the year and the decade.
Because it will be a slow news week. You know that.
So more to come on that next week.
But thank you so much GMN. We appreciate the call as always.
And keep up the good work with Understadation Live.
I wouldn't call it good work but we'll keep up the work.
Keep up the fair work.
Happy New Year guys.
And hey if Travis does come out here you should come with him.
I am planning on it. We're working on synchronizing our trips.
We might have to just make it OLRCon. We'll rent a hall or something.
We'll rent them a Sonic Lodge and just throw ourselves a party.
Sounds good man.
Take care.
Alright take care. Bye bye.
Later.
That's going to do it for calls tonight. Sorry to those who didn't get through.
But remember you can't always send us an email.
Or you can always give us an offline call.
Or you can always send us an email bag. Twitter. Whatever you want to do there.
So sorry to those again who did not get through.
Anyhow.
It's about time for us to wrap up the show.
But I know Loki might have had some more last minute stories he wants to get to.
But he's too busy laughing over there at the freaking...
Well I was laughing at some stuff.
But I like how they have I'm on a Boat as one of the songs in there and they have the video for it.
Nice.
So other things we'll mention real quick.
There's a game that was originally on the iPhone and the iPod Touch from a French independent developer called Press Start Studios.
And it's a hack and slash game called Twin Blades The Reaping Vanguard.
And it's a really awesome looking game.
And it's now coming to Xbox Live Indie Games.
And I think you should pick it up just because it's incredibly beautiful.
It's all hand drawn.
The game's coming out for three bucks.
So definitely worth picking up.
And it looks like a pretty fun little game.
Maybe I'll have to look for the iPhone one.
Yeah the iPhone one is actually already out now.
And is actually out for 99 cents.
This one will be coming out apparently on Christmas.
So the 25th.
Sounds kind of neat.
Assassin's Creed 2 is getting some download content that's going to kind of bridge the gap between the first and second games.
And they've added some new abilities including the spring jump.
And that's apparently two different contents between I guess the end of January and the end of February.
They're going to have the Battle of Forli.
And that's going to be for $3.99.
And also I guess the Bonfire of the Vanities which will run you $4.99.
And I guess it's speculated that the two editions will fill in the missing sequence 12 and 13 from the game.
So that's neat.
And lastly the 3D Blu-ray specs have been finalized.
And this is going to be kind of going forward I guess.
I don't know if they're going to start this next year or what.
But obviously the big trend in entertainment nowadays is 3D.
And they're going to be kind of bringing that to you with Blu-ray.
And one of the things that they did include with the Blu-ray specs is going to be that the 3D will be supported on PlayStation 3.
So soon you'll be able to watch 3D movies on your PlayStation 3.
Makes sense since they have similar technology right now available for the Avatar game that came out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Assuming you had the TV to support it and had the glasses to go with it.
But actually some of those TVs because the Avatar game supported all sorts of different methods for it.
One of which is Realty.
And I didn't even realize that Realty is available for TVs.
And those glasses are dirt cheap. I mean hell you go see a 3D movie in the theater.
You get a free pair of those polarized glasses.
Aren't you supposed to turn them into the bucket at the end so they can be steam washed?
Fuck that. I'm paying extra money for the movie.
I'm keeping those damn glasses.
But yes, for Avatar I did recycle them. I did have some before just in case.
Yeah I stole one when I saw it.
A kid did have a pair from Disneyland that I accidentally held onto.
If I ever get a TV though that does support Realty, I'm keeping those damn glasses.
Speaking of 3D and Disneyland, we gotta plan a trip in February y'all.
Guess who's coming back?
Oh my gosh, did you see Princess Tiana?
I did. I was so excited to give her a hug.
She let me pretend to be the prince even though the prince was standing right there.
That's awesome.
But my female friend that was with me, she posed with the prince so it worked out.
You should have posed with the prince too.
I should have but there were all these little kids around.
I don't think the parents would appreciate those types of questions so we'll just leave it at that.
But no, I obviously had a good time and I'm excited to go back next year because we've got to see Captain EO.
It's gotta happen.
Oh you guys, Captain EO is officially coming back in February.
Okay we're going.
Officially has been announced. Honey, I Shrunk the Audiences is out.
And what's interesting, I actually asked one of the guys working there if there was any banners for the Captain EO announcement up.
And he said no, it's just that they made it official.
And I was like, well you know, as nice as Honey, I Shrunk the Audiences has been, it's kind of aged so you guys probably aren't surprised.
And they were like, yeah we kind of knew it was leaving in a year anyway.
And I was like, oh really? Something about that kind of caught my ear?
Okay and this Captain EO thing has been announced for a limited run.
What has already been planned for next?
Because this means something has already been planned for 2011 for that theater.
So Captain EO is going to be there but only for about a year.
Then something else is coming.
I have a theory. I have a theory.
What is your theory?
It's Tomorrowland, right?
Yes.
Pixar is a big thing right now.
I'm going to guess it's a Wall-E movie would take that theater.
And I think a Wall-E movie would be pretty rad.
That would be awesome.
That's my bet, is a Wall-E movie replaces Captain EO.
If it was my way it'd be Tron and they'd reopen the monorail and actually make it a good Tron ride.
The People Mover, OMG, yes please.
So much this. So much this.
If it wasn't for that stupid guy who decided to dive off the wrong side of it,
we would still have us a People Mover and we would still have us the Tron thing which was the only good part about the People Mover.
I will say that. I don't want to make this the Disney show but we're at the end of the show anyway.
There's not a lot left.
I will say this real quick.
One thing I did see at Disneyland that just opened up Friday, reopened up I should say,
all new, all completely redone.
I was very impressed.
Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln is back.
You know, I have never seen that.
It's actually pretty awesome.
I gotta say.
It'll get your patriotic senses tingling.
Like, you know, it's very well done.
The animatronics are the part of it that's amazing because Abraham Lincoln looks fucking real.
And he stands up and sits down and all this stuff.
It's like, oh my gosh, why isn't this level of animatronics?
Let's pick a date and go.
We're gonna have to do it.
Let's hope that's not Evil Lincoln who will murder us all.
No, it's not Evil Lincoln.
I especially love the part when President Lincoln stands up and does his rendition of Lady Gaga's poker face.
Starts mimicking the bad romance video, yes.
It really hit me.
In the voice of Christopher Walken.
Nice.
All right, anyhow, there you go.
That's my little snap Disney review.
But they have water back at California Adventure.
The main walkway at California Adventure is closed.
You have to go all the way around to get anywhere.
But California Adventure, I have a cry.
But they really are getting that park ready for 2011.
It's gonna be awesome.
It's gonna be awesome.
Aladdin is also closing.
It's announced at the Aladdin show at California Adventure.
It's gonna close in August.
It's probably going to Broadway.
Don't cry too much.
It's in London's West End right now.
Pam Anderson is playing the Genie.
Which, what, but okay.
But a Toy Story musical is gonna replace it.
That's cool.
Yeah, so we'll see.
Well, you know, Toy Story 3 is in the works.
So.
Oh, I'll say about Toy Story 3, they're actually gonna be doing an IMAX releases for that.
Oh yeah, the 3D.
Yeah, they did the 3D preview before.
So, good times.
And, you know, again, how does this relate to video games?
Movie, video game tie-ins, and the technology.
Just like Logie's saying about Avatar.
You know, this type of technology you're seeing in Avatar is already in the game.
It's just that it's probably too expensive for a lot of you guys to afford.
3D, we had Toy Story Midway Mania come out this year on the Wii.
And although the game was not as good as the ride, the 3D is an option in it.
You know, this is the wave of the future as this decade comes to a close.
It's gonna be very interesting.
Speaking of the decade coming to a close, you know next week is gonna be all about not just the year but the decade.
Probably do a little bit of both.
I'm not sure if we'll have any special guests yet.
I'm gonna try to line up some folks.
We'll see what happens over the next week.
But we will be back live again on All Games Radio on the 27th with our last episode of the decade.
If you can believe it, we've been doing this show most of the decade.
That's kind of strange.
Well, we've hit seven years.
I know. Next year will be the eighth year of broadcasting.
2002 to 2010 and beyond.
We're bored.
Anyhow, before we close up shop tonight, of course we have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts here in studio.
So, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I want cupcakes.
You guys and cupcakes.
My final thought is at the grocery store there's a box that says Betty Crocker on it.
It'll help you out.
Loki, your final thought, please.
I don't know.
Tiare, your final thought, please.
Thank you so much for being here tonight.
I'm going to borrow that top.
Betch. Wait, wait. You've got to see the back side.
I'm wearing my Kelly shirt tonight. Don't be a betch.
That's great.
And, Loki, your final thought tonight?
He just said he didn't know.
I thought he had a real one.
He started to say something.
I don't really have anything.
Okay, well then fine.
That's it. We're going to close up shop.
See you next week. We're going to do it all again on our 350th decade-end episode.
Rob better bring cupcakes.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
