Today, December 6, 2009, Steam is about to get some more competition.
Could you soon play PSP Minis on your PS3?
And the long-lasting video game rumor is revealed to be true this week.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that video game talk show dedicated to, of course, video games.
Video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, and food!
Lots and lots of food!
And crocheting.
Nom nom nom.
And yarn.
I'm doing a third crocheting because I don't have the patience for that stuff.
And you've crocheted.
By the way, of course, the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers, and I'm Rob Roberts.
I'm making a hat.
And he's Techmaster Loki.
Why not just introduce him too?
How you doing, Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Amazing.
Okay, so crocheting.
I don't have the patience for that.
Okay.
Just saying.
I didn't think I did either, but it's actually fairly therapeutic.
Do you, what do you do?
Like, because I know a lot of people will watch TV while they crochet or, you know,
do whatever.
Do you have an activity that you do when you crochet?
I sit in front of my computer and chat with Becky.
Or whoever else is on.
And watch random YouTubers?
No.
Well, sometimes I'll watch other people crocheting while I crochet.
It's sort of like eating food while you're watching Food Network or watching porn while
you fuck.
Or in my case, watching The Biggest Loser while eating a giant pizza.
That's what I like to do.
It makes me feel good about myself.
Techmaster Loki, how are you doing?
How's your week going?
It's okay.
Yeah?
Just okay?
Yeah, it's all right.
I'm sorry to hear it's not awesome.
It'd be more awesome if I didn't break a PSP.
Uh oh.
All right.
What happened?
So the further adventures of your, for those that heard last week's show, which sadly hasn't
hit the podcast, we had an internal issue here.
One of the files didn't make it to our server, so we didn't get the podcast up on time.
It'll be up very soon.
But you've been working on a homebrew PSP machine, right?
Yeah.
PSP arcade cabinet, I guess.
Sort of bar top cabinet.
That looks ghetto.
There's pictures of it at orangeonshade.com at the top.
It's awesome.
No, it's ghetto awesome.
Yes.
So there's something, I don't know what happened with it.
It was something because I had wired up the analog stick to the directional joystick that
I had.
And there's a way you can do it.
It's pretty easy.
And the contact points are a lot bigger than trying to solder to the small, really tiny
ribbon cable solder points that are for the actual digital directional pad.
So I figured, okay, I'll just solder to that.
Well, something happened, and I'm not sure what.
I thought I bridged something, but apparently that wasn't the case.
And for whatever reason, the PSP seemed like it was only pressing down, and it just consistently
held down, down.
So that made it hard to kind of select games, play anything, because it would be always
pressing down.
So I figured, okay, I'm going to look at it and see what I did solder-wise.
And I looked at what was supposed to be bridged to enable down to be pressed, and it was impossible
for me to have done something to actually cause that.
So I actually broke something in there somewhere.
Unfortunately I can't fix that.
So I'm just going to kind of take a break from it right now, because there's not much
I can really do with it.
Well it's going to be frustrating that you build this whole machine and then it just
oops.
Well yeah, it was all ready to go.
I had some trouble earlier in the week, I couldn't get it to stay powered on, and that
I realized was a mistake because I had hooked up a push button backwards, so it was hooked
to the normally open instead of the normally closed.
And that causes it to basically, when the button's not being pressed, the button is
pressed, and then when you push the button, the button isn't pressed.
So it's kind of backwards.
And once I fixed that, it worked just fine, powered up, everything was hunky dory, and
then I tested what buttons worked and what didn't, and apparently my R button didn't
really work, which I'm guessing is because the solder point was super tiny, so I probably
missed it when I was soldering, and my triangle button wasn't working, which I didn't really
even get to the point to fix that yet, and then the constantly pressing down thing, which
was kind of annoying.
But that's really it.
Otherwise, it worked enough for me to try out one of the games and it looked awesome.
It sort of worked, it's just not quite everything yet.
But there's a lot of it that's salvageable, and honestly, if I want to try again, I mean,
PSPs are dirt cheap, if I look on Craigslist, I can get one sub $50, so if I wanted to do
that.
And at the same time, I actually figured out a way requiring an extra device to be purchased,
but there is a way that's actually super easy to do that, and not only will I be able to
use the PSP in the arcade cabinet, it won't actually damage the PSP and I can actually
take it out of the arcade cabinet for whatever reason, so I may go that route if I decide
I really want to do this, but at the same time, I've got parts for Bartop actually coming,
so I don't really, it doesn't matter anyways, because I will have a working Bartop cabinet.
I love that you just haven't totally given up, it'll come back stronger, PSP Cabinet
2.0.
Yeah.
Bigger and better.
And at the same time, it was kind of a learning experience, because now I know how to solder
slightly better, not enough to where I need to solder these like really small wires onto
these contacts, and it was just, it was a mess.
It was super delicate, I mean there was so much that could have gone wrong, and a lot
of it did, and it was just, it wasn't pretty, so the second time around it'll be a lot better,
and a lot cleaner, and should work, but when I actually get around to that, I don't know,
because I have a lot of other things I've got to work on, so it will not be forgotten,
it will be taken care of at some point.
Plus it's just a busy time of year, you know, this isn't the best time to start a big project,
so.
Well I have other projects, you know, and I tend to start projects when I have other
projects going, and don't finish things, and I have my arcade cabinet, you know, the actual
arcade cabinet that I've, you know, got everything almost ready for that, I was just working
on the front end to, you know, get some of the themes I had for hyperspin the work correctly,
and you know, otherwise it's ready to go, so I may just play around with that, actually
enjoy the fruits of my labor, and then later on, you know, tackle this stuff.
Actually, I, for whatever reason on an impulse buy, I purchased a, what they call a, a Dingo
A320, which, you know, it's not an actual Dingo, but it's a little, um, little small
portable emulation device, actually, that you can use to, it actually has built-in emulators
for Neo Geo, CPS 1 and 2, NES, Genesis, you name it, and it actually has video out on
it and stuff, and I actually have looked at a picture of it taken apart, and I probably
could turn that into a cabinet as well, if I wanted to, in place of this, because I could
hook up the video out to an old PS1 LCD monitor that I have still, so maybe, but then again,
you know, it's pretty nice and I don't want to kind of mess that up, so I'll just probably
get another PSP and just do it, I'll fix it this time, but other than that, you know,
um, yeah, that's pretty much what I've been doing, other than, you know, Grand Theft Auto
and stuff.
Alright, well, I was going to get into gaming weeks, but you pretty much took the cake with
that one, that's alright.
Let's go over to Jamie, how was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
I played, I played World of Warcraft and knitted, or crocheted.
Yes, did you crochet while playing World of Warcraft?
Yes actually I did.
That's talented.
Yesterday.
Uh huh.
I basically, um, because I was doing some stuff on my Night Elf, I just basically go,
okay, I'm tired of playing, you know, hide, that, whatever that racial ability is to blend
into shadows.
Right.
You know, hide.
Okay, I'm done playing.
So yeah, that was about what I did.
Very cool.
Um, let's see.
Oh, and watch Dan play Borderlands.
I watched a little bit of that, I'm not super familiar with Borderlands, although I've heard
a lot of good things about it, and I was watching Dan play a little bit of it as I was walking
in tonight.
It looks, uh, it looks very comic book- I like the crazy mutant midgets.
Is that what they're actually called?
Yes, the crazy mutant midgets or something like that.
Amazing.
Um, Loki, was there anything else for your gaming week, I know you're talking about hacks,
other games you've been playing?
Just Grand Theft Auto.
That's pretty much it.
I, you know, all the opportunity that I had to play games this weekend, I was just too
busy working on that stupid box cabinet thing.
Nice.
Um, let's see, my gaming week, uh, two new games, one just a demo, so I can't really
tell you about the game, but the demo I played was Bayonetta, and didn't know a whole lot
about the game, like I kinda knew it was like a Devil May Cry-ish game with a hot chick
as the main character.
That's awesome.
I didn't know a whole lot about it, but one of my friends was like, no, you really, really
need to play this demo, it's quite astounding, and I was like, okay, I'll check it out, you
know, what have I got to lose?
I'm not paying anything for it.
So um, went over to his place and saw it on a 360, because you know mine's been broken
for a while now, and uh, was blown away.
It's amazing.
And so I actually sat down to play it, just played it on normal mode, because I was like,
should I play it on normal or easy, and normal of course, so played through it, um, a little
bit of button mashing, but fun, way fun, and you know, there is a science to it, and um,
you know, you have your punches and your kicks and your jump, but a lot of the game revolves
around being able to block at just the right time that will activate what's called the
witch time, where things slow down and get more matrix-y, and then, you know, you can
do these finishing moves that are called tortures, where you might push somebody into one of
those statues with the spikes in it that'll slam shut on them, or guillotine, but what
makes this game great is a couple of things.
How amazingly over-the-freaking-top it is.
It's obviously extremely violent, blood everywhere, heads rolling, just, you know, extreme violence,
and uh, just the little touches make it fabulous, like, for instance, when she will kick a demon
into the guillotine, she snaps her fingers for the blades to fall, and little hearts
appear above the, um, fingers.
Her shadow is an image of a butterfly, which is a symbol that you see throughout the game,
and you know, just all these little, uh, it's so over-the-top, I was laughing and laughing
and laughing, and just this move where, like, you spin the controller, like, 360 degrees
and hit one of the buttons, and then she'll get on the ground and start, like, her high
heels are guns, so she starts shooting from her high heels, and you can actually, like,
aim at the monsters, it is insanity, and I loved every minute of it, so I am so excited
for the full version of the game, because it was just so over-the-top, and some of the
boss fights were extremely silly, I, I can't believe how much I enjoyed this game, because
it's not usually the type of game I'm all into, but just the absurdness and over-the-topness
and the design of the characters, I can see why now this game is getting all the praise
it is.
I, I, uh, I, I had a good time.
And by the way, did you notice she's wearing her hair?
Her hair is like her weapon, and she turns her hair into demons that will bite the heads
off of monsters.
She has witch hair.
Which conveniently leaves her with a naked booty, or a thong or something, so, who would
win in a fight, Bayonetta or the Baroness?
Uh, I, I would have to say, Bayonetta is gonna just kick her into a guillotine and snap her
fingers and it's over, so, you know, with, with all due respect to the, the, the Baroness.
I guess they're saying, uh, in chat room, uh, Tiger Claw says, Bayonetta looks like
the Baroness.
And if you want to join us in our chat, chat.orangelauntrader.com, of course, is always the place you can do
that.
And I really do need to play that game, because I have my, my Japanese 360 now, and I actually
do have the game.
I just haven't played it yet, because I've been working on crap like, you know.
You really need to, you need to play it, and seriously, call me when you do, because I
want to hear your initial impressions before next week's show.
You need to bring it over.
Yeah, I, I want to play the full one.
Looks like fun.
All right, anyhow, um, also my gaming week, um, not a demo, but, uh, a full game, and
one I've been intending to play for a while.
New Super Mario Brothers Wii, which is a game I played at E3, and I was kind of like, yeah,
it's okay.
You know, I, I, I played it with one of the nice booth babes there, who was trying to
show me the parts of the game, and obviously I was getting into the multiplayer experience,
and I was like, yeah, it's okay.
But I wish that they would go back, and I said this on the show a couple weeks ago,
I said, I really want them to go back and make, like, Super Mario Brothers 4, or something
like that.
Like, a game like the old Mario Brothers, that kind of, without all this, like, extra
frilly stuff that they've kind of done in some of the more recent Mario releases, and
3D, and all that stuff.
And I have to admit, I was wrong.
This is that game.
This is the game I wanted.
This is the new, it really is the new Super Mario Brothers, with everything that you remember
from the old games, with the addition of multiplayer.
And so I totally misjudged this game in the beginning, and I think it's amazing.
I have, I had a lot of fun playing this game.
I really enjoyed the single-player mode, kind of, it's really just a hybrid.
Like, there's so much throwbacks to all the old Mario games, like, it's like, you have
a map that reminds you of Mario 3 with the minigames, but then you have Yoshi and a lot
of the monsters from, you know, Super Mario World, and then it's just, it's just really
interesting kind of how all the Mario games kind of blend together into this.
And then on top of that, there's this multiplayer mode, which is kind of, it's really fun.
It's a great party game.
It's a little bit difficult, because you can really unintentionally kill people and hurt
them, and there's no way to really make the difficulty easier.
And as I heard Bobby mention on his show, of course, Bobby Blackwell's always on before
we are at All Games Radio and we broadcast live on Sunday nights, he was kind of talking
about how there wasn't really a tutorial mode, so if you've never played a Mario game before,
there's a lot of stuff you miss.
And I kind of agree with that, like, if the game has one flaw, it was that I didn't know
you could hit the A button to avoid death in multiplayer mode until a little ways into
it playing with friends.
And I suppose the discovery of it was okay, but yeah, I would have liked, since, you know,
this is supposed to be something for everyone, there to be a little more of a basic tutorial
mode, but honestly, that's a very minor flaw in what is otherwise a stellar game and just
a really fun multiplayer experience with a lot of variety.
You know, there's some new suits, like the propeller suit and the penguin suit, and now
you have ice balls as well as fireballs, and, you know, they do add a little, some new mechanics
with the Wiimote, but it's nothing too crazy or over the top, like you can tilt the Wiimote
to tilt some platforms and some levels, and you shake it to do a helicopter type move
when you have the propeller suit on.
It's nothing too crazy, so I was really happy for this game.
Reading some comments from chat, Zappy says, I guess Sky never played Super Mario Brothers
on the DS.
Actually, that's not true.
I did play it on the DS, but you have to kind of go back and remember that I have an extreme
bias against handheld games, especially when they are porting over games that I remember
from consoles, and I am the first to admit, it's completely irrational and stupid, but
I don't like games I remember from my television playing big on my big sound speaker, larger
than life, pushed into a little itty bitty box.
I don't really often play portable games.
I have a PSP, yes, I have a DS, yes, but I find that most of the time I play it is when
I'm on a plane, and I really have literally nothing else I can play.
I have this weird bias against portable gaming that is completely irrational and I can't
explain, and so for that reason, I think I've never really given Super Mario Brothers DS
the credit it deserves, so I'll admit it.
Let's see, trying to look for some other questions from chat, let's see, again, if you want to
join our chat, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, and I think they're talking about some other
games, they're talking about Tekken and stuff in chat right now, which I did not play during
my gaming week, but between those couple games and a little bit of other things here and
there, you know, not a whole lot of other major games this week, but I really enjoyed
Super Mario Brothers Wii, and you know, it's weird because every time, I know we've given
Nintendo a hard time on this show, and we've come on here and we've said, you know, Nintendo
is so out of touch with gaming, they don't, you know, they're not getting it, and Microsoft
and Sony are doing all these things online that are, you know, miles ahead of what the
Wii is doing, but then, damn, they always release a game like this that really reminds
you, they do know how to do fun, it's just that, unfortunately, it's, you know, you only
get a couple of these releases a year that kind of remind you of that fact, so.
But I do recommend the game, especially, you know, if you played Mario 1 growing up, if
you have that same desire I have, god, I wish they'd make a game like Mario 3 or Mario World
again.
This is that game.
And then there's multiplayer in it to boot that's actually kind of fun, except for the
fact that the princess isn't in it, but, you know, she got kidnapped again, what can you
do?
Of course, they could have, like, kidnapped Daisy, and I don't know, but whatever.
All of her guards need to seriously...
They need to get fired.
No, they need to commit seppuku for their dishonor.
Clearly, clearly.
And she needs to hire better guards.
Let's see, a comment from chat, Ricky Go Max says, I would play that Peach's Quest.
You know, there was a game like that on DS, speaking of DS and everything, there was a
Princess Peach game, Super Princess Peach, wasn't it called?
Yeah.
It was different, though.
It wasn't really a Mario game.
See, that was one of those, like, Nintendo, like, trying to take a Mario thing, and it
was okay, but it wasn't Mario Brothers.
It was Super PMS.
Yeah, she used her emotions.
I remember the emotions was a big part of that game.
A little silly.
So anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, some housekeeping on Wednesday.
We will not be live next week.
We will not have a live show next week, and that's completely my fault.
I'm going to be out of town next Sunday.
It's really no secret I'm going to see Lady Gaga in concert, and I couldn't be more excited,
so sorry, guys.
Opportunities like this don't happen every week.
So I'm not going to be here live.
I believe we're going to pre-tape.
We're still trying to figure out what time we're pre-taping.
I have to talk to Loki after the show, see if he's down with Saturday afternoon.
And if it works out and it works in the all-game schedule that we could maybe go live when
we pre-tape and not have to bump a show to do it, I would love to ask all games if we
can go live.
So stay tuned to our Twitter and our Facebook, twitter.com slash o-l-r and facebook.com slash
Orange Launch Radio, all one word, and of course our website, orangelaunchradio.com,
for the details on when that pre-taping will happen.
So again, if you are used to coming here Sunday nights and listening, you're still going to
get a new show next week.
You will hear a new show Sunday night.
It just won't be live.
And you know, un-live shows are always a bit of a bummer because you don't have the chat
room and the phone calls and all that, but we're hoping we'll still have a couple hours
of some good hilarity.
And hopefully we'll get to tape live a little early.
That would be great.
So we'll see what happens.
Okay.
Anyhow, let's move into some gaming news.
We're only 20 minutes into the show, right?
It's about time for some gaming news.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Yes.
So, starting things off, this is kind of interesting, but not too surprising.
Games for Windows Live, they've decided to add Games on Demand.
You may remember that's a service that's been available right now on Xbox Live as their
kind of digital download service.
And of course, trying to compete with Steam a little bit, I think, they're going to start
doing their Games on Demand service starting the beginning of December 15th.
And apparently, some of the games that they're talking about adding for the initial lineup
is going to be Resident Evil 5, Red Faction Guerrilla, Battle Station Specific, as well
as some Game for Windows Live-enabled versions of World of Goo and Osmose.
And I don't know.
That's kind of interesting.
They haven't really set any prices yet on what the games will cost.
Well, I imagine a lot of it's going to be competitively priced or similar to what you
see on store shelves.
That's pretty much what we've come to expect from Steam, but I think a large reason people
really like Steam is that they do sales all the freaking time.
And if I remember correctly, I believe isn't Games for Windows Live kind of tied in with
Windows 7 a little bit?
Because I remember when they were showing us some of the stuff for Windows 7, there
was kind of a game marketplace or whatever that you could download, like a bunch of casual
stuff, and whatnot.
I just upgraded to 7 a week ago.
Well, let me put it this way, I've been running it on my laptop, because remember we got the
release candidate at E3, like many of you out there on the internet downloaded, so I've
been running that on my laptop for some time, ever since I got it in July.
And that's what made me decide that I like Windows 7.
I like it much more than the jump from XP to Vista, because what I liked about 7 is
it takes the best parts of Vista, and what you remember liking about XP, kind of puts
it together.
The one thing I don't like about 7 is I cannot stand these administrator privileges things.
I want to freaking get them removed.
It's the one thing I didn't like.
It's in Vista too.
Yeah, I know, I didn't like it in Vista either.
There should be a way I can disable that crap.
You can disable it.
Can you?
Well, in Vista, all you have to do is make yourself full administrator and then just
do... it took me a while to change it, to find where to change it, but it is there.
They should be there.
To be fair, I haven't looked hard enough, and I'm sure our chat room is going to light
up with comments on things I could be doing better in a minute here, and I'll have to
look into that in the next week, but I was just having problems because it was not letting
me delete World of Warcraft folders because it said I didn't create them, and I had to
go in this really... like I had to right click on the folder, go into properties, make myself
the new owner.
It was ridiculous.
I should just be able to hit the delete key and nuke the fucking folder.
I should not have to jump hurdles to delete my own goddamn game.
You know?
It's stupid.
That's the one drawback.
Windows 7.
And to be fair, Vista has a lot of that administrator pain in the ass too.
So you know what?
Just run Linux Mint, Rob.
I'm not going to run Linux Mint on a desktop.
I'd run it on my laptop, but running that stuff on my desktop, I can't do it.
It will run more efficiently?
On a laptop?
No!
I can't.
It runs more efficiently?
Why don't you run it on your desktop then?
Because I actually have to have programs that use a Windows environment.
Well, I use a lot of movie makers and stuff like that that's Windows environment.
So you know, that's where I'm coming from.
You know, for a laptop though, like, you know, I kind of like...
Mint 8's out now.
You know, I know you're not a big fan of Google Chrome, but I like where that's headed as
far as a laptop OS goes.
That it's just the internet, the documents, you know, the stuff you want to do on the
go.
But I could never, like, God, Google Chrome, I could never run on a desktop.
Good lord.
I don't think that it's actually meant for desktop use though.
I don't think so either.
But Mint is fairly versatile.
In fact, actually the other thing that I was going to be doing with my computer when the
semester's over is actually doing a second install for Mint 8 because I was going to
run some of the Windows-emulated environments because apparently they actually run pretty
well using less system resource than Vista or Windows 7 does.
So actually all this 5 gigs of RAM I can actually use it for my graphics programs.
You know, I might give it a try.
I am not a fan of Windows.
I use it out of necessity.
And lately I've been even less of a fan of Mac OS.
Yeah, there's things I really, really like about the Mac and there's things I really,
really don't like about the Mac.
Me too.
I know where you're coming from.
Well it's one thing that I've actually been pretty happy that finally Adobe has gotten
their crap together and made CS4 actually really, really wonderfully compatible with
a PC environment.
You know, it's got everything optimized for your graphics cards.
I can run Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and Corel Painter and the internet and AIM
and all this other crap at the same time without my system just farting.
Nice.
Alright.
And just another quick note because I see a lot of chatters saying that they're hearing
a lot of typing.
I think something's up with Jamie's mic tonight and it's more sensitive than usual which is
strange because we didn't change any of the dials but you know, things happen when things
get shifted around.
So I think it's just ultra-sensitive tonight.
And I've been typing on the microphone.
No.
So I'm just saying, we know you guys are hearing it, we just don't know why.
So one of the beauties of live radio is that sometimes we have to figure things out on
the fly.
It's the whole newsroom vibe, okay?
Yes.
It's the typewriter.
Live for the OLR newsroom.
Yeah, we just totally need to have the Morse code ticker going in the background.
Goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow.
Anyhow, sorry, going back to games for Windows Live because damn, we got on a whole tangent
about Windows 7.
The point I was trying to get to earlier, I've been running Windows 7 for months now
and I haven't seen it.
There was the point I was trying to make seven minutes ago.
Anyway, the other thing I wanted to say, though, about this, Loki, I don't think you really
use any of this stuff.
Do you even have a Steam account?
Nope.
No, I figured, I figured.
Why would you have a Steam account?
Okay.
Why would I pay for software?
I don't know.
Craig, call it supporting developers, maybe?
I don't know.
Call me crazy.
Honestly, I don't play enough PC games to have that.
Fair enough.
The last game I bought, er, I didn't even really...
Final Fantasy XI is the last PC game I remember you, like, actually playing more than like
an hour of.
Uh, I played Crysis and Spore.
Okay.
Spore was, no, actually the last Games for Windows live game that I purchased was Grand
Theft Auto IV for the PC.
Oh, okay.
And I actually stopped playing that because I got tired of trying to monkey with stuff
to get it to, it, I don't know why games nowadays, some of them don't support, you know, multiple
graphics cards and it's really sad that they don't, cause I wasted all that money on another
graphics card for Crysis.
I mean, well, it looks good.
I told you about my Dragon Age issues, right?
Like, it just doesn't run well on my computer at all and I blame the video card, I think
my video card just isn't good enough, even though I bought what I thought was a gaming
computer.
I mean, it wasn't an Alienware or anything like that, which, god no, I'd never buy one
of those.
But, um...
You don't buy computers, you get, you build computers.
I, no, I should have built the god damn computer, but it was eight...
It was eight hundred dollars and I was like, oh, this is a great deal, it's got like six
gigs of RAM, dah, dah, dah.
I'm like, I can't build one that cheap.
Ah, it was stupid.
You can.
It was bad judgment, I admit it.
How dare I doubt the great and mighty Loki and I paid for it every day of my life.
I just built, well, lesson learned.
Now, I just built a PC for my mom, actually, it's sadly almost, well, not quite up to spec
to what mine is, cause mine was built for gaming, but, um, you know, three fifty.
You know, so you, it gets incredibly cheap to do it nowadays and if you actually go piece
by piece of what they actually include in there, you can see where they're cutting corners.
Well, I need a new video card, because Dragon Age kind of runs like balls on my computer,
but then I watched my friend play it on his computer this weekend and it's like, oh, beautiful.
And you can do rotating and things that you can't do on the console, so I'm like, I must
play Dragon Age, this game is beautiful, and I can't, cause my video card is balls, cause
I didn't trust Loki.
Anyhow.
Well, that'd be the last time that you'd do that.
Well, clearly there's not a lot of good news this week.
One of our favorite people in the video game industry, one of our very favorite people,
and I don't think Jamie or Loki would disagree with me here, Akira Yamaoka.
Akira Yamaoka, of course, the producer of Silent Hill, also for long time Bamani fans,
he's been a composer for songs in the series for years and years.
He has left Konami.
After a sixteen year relationship with Konami, he has left.
And no word as to why, of course, but I gotta be honest, without him at Konami, Silent Hill's
dead to me.
I mean, I don't see how they could do another Silent Hill game without his soundtracks.
They'll probably try, just like they outsourced it, or not outsourced it, but had a US developer
do Homecoming or what have you, and I don't know, maybe that's part of what ticked him
off.
I have no idea.
Or maybe, you know, after sixteen years you want a new job.
That he just doesn't get along with people, from what I understand.
Really?
He was nice, he was nice at E3 that one year we randomly met him.
Yeah, he was pretty cool, and I mean, I was like, hahaha!
But anyway, but seriously, I just, I, you know, maybe he just got tired of dealing with
all the crap going on.
And we don't know, we can speculate until the cows come home, but we don't know.
There's been no official statement made.
But you also look at it and go, okay, he was there for what, sixteen years?
I mean, that's a long time to be at any job.
And you know, sometimes people just want to change.
Maybe he's doing that whole thing where it's like, okay, I've been with this band and now
I want to split off and make a solo album.
You know, and kind of secretly, that's what I hope happens, is that he goes off and makes
a new studio and maybe makes a new Silent Hill-esque kind of game, because I would be
all over that, because Akira Yamoko is a great, great composer, and just, not just the Silent
Hill works, but a lot of the stuff he contributed to, BeatMania, 2DX, and DDR over the years
was fantastic.
And he scored things even all the way back to the 8-bit days.
I know he did the Contra game that was on, he did some of Super Contra's soundtrack,
I think.
He's just done a lot of stuff over the years.
I'm sure the wiki has the whole list about that.
So, we wish him the best!
Good luck to Akira Yamoko, and again, we would really like to see you form a new studio and
make some more scary games.
He should hire me.
He should.
He should.
He should hire me, too.
I am particularly crazy enough to be able to help with the whole Silent Hill... anyway.
You just want to be raped by Pyramid Head.
No!
No!
Not just no, but no!
Ew!
One does not just ask Pyramid Head to rape them.
Besides that, he has-
You have to be chosen by Pyramid Head.
Besides that, he only bones the monsters.
Ah, I see.
I'm not a nurse, sorry.
Well, how about some game banning... or not?
This is stupid.
Um, yeah, so the Australian classification board says that Sega can't have it for aliens
versus predators, so that means that they actually cannot sell it in Australia the way
it is now.
That, um, it's... they're saying that because you've got human beings being tortured and
violated and decapitated and dismembered and lots of stabbing through different parts of
the body that, um, that no.
They said no.
And Sega Australia is like, um, we're gonna still appeal it, because this is kind of stupid.
Well, and that's just what you do when your game gets a bad rating.
I mean, have we ever heard a game company ever in the history of this show, you know,
this is why game gets banned, and the company says, ah, okay, well, you know, these things
happen.
Well, we tried.
That's right.
Nope, cancel it, you know.
Merry Christmas to you now.
Oh well.
Oh well.
Happy Christmas.
Well, for example, um, you know, they could edit it, but since Germany had, um, problems
with AVP that, um, they actually decided not to release it in Germany, so that they wouldn't
have to, uh, compromise the, uh, integrity of the game.
That's a ballsy thing to do.
Yeah.
You know, one thing I, uh, got to see this week was the Left 4 Dead, you know, it's on
YouTube.
If you go look for the Left 4 Dead 2, you can look at the censored version in Australia
and kind of compare it to the regular one, and, man, you guys in Australia got shafted
on Left 4 Dead 2, it's, it's, like, the zombies, like, disappear.
Like I was waiting for the bodies to flicker before they disappear like it was Double Dragon
or something.
I mean, it was, it was not pleasant how desanitized they had to make that game.
It's, it's unfortunate.
So do you still want to...
It's like, the dingo ate my decapitated, decapitation scenes, you know, it's sad.
Do you still want to go over there?
What, to Australia?
Yeah.
Well, I want to go visit.
But you don't want to live there.
That's because I have an unhealthy obsession with a lot of Australian movies over the years,
but, you know, and I want, I want to see somebody play a didgeridoo.
Did I tell you I saw someone play a didgeridoo at school?
It's not authentic if it's not in Australia.
No.
But he...
Just like if you have a pineapple here, it's not the same as having a pineapple in Hawaii.
I'm sorry.
But he, he built it out of PVC pipe.
That's not a didgeridoo!
That's...
But it sounded, it sounded right, and the guy was sitting outside at school...
That's a PVCeridoo or something.
Playing a PV...
PVCeridoo.
Didgeridoo.
I took a picture of it, too.
It was funny.
Well, look, people, you know what, if this game comes out on PC, which almost all these
games do nowadays, what's going to stop them from just importing the PC version of the
game?
I mean, they don't, do they region lockout PC games?
I don't think that's a very easy thing to do.
No, you can't.
You can't, really.
There is no regions.
You can if it runs on a DVD.
Oh, I guess that makes sense.
But isn't Australia?
That's a...
Australia's on the same region as Britain, though, right?
You can't, no.
If it's on DVD, DVD video only has regions, DVD software does not have regions at all.
So there's no way to lockout anything.
I guess maybe because we're thinking PS2 would do the region lockouts, but of course that's
different.
Interesting.
Yeah, and even if they did, it would just get bypassed so easy it's not even worth it.
Somebody in the chatroom, of course, made the reference to Didgeridoo Techno.
I was an inside joke on this show from a year and a half ago, but maybe we'll have to play
that on break tonight.
It's been a little while.
Don't forget the references to Kylie.
We haven't had Didgeridoo Techno in a while.
You should play some Kylie during the break.
We'll see.
I have...
Well, I had an old school chiptune song all picked out, but we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyhow, we gotta move on with more news.
Sorry Australia, you should write your legislators and tell them they're crap.
I don't really know what else you can do.
These are your elected officials.
There he is.
Someone actually put a...
I swear, someone had to do some hunting to go through my Twitter.
Wait, wait, wait.
Did somebody dig up the PVC redo and post it in our chatroom?
That's the picture that I posted on Twitter.
I'm kind of...
The OL Army knows how to stop.
That I took out of the window of my car.
So you see that blue light over there in that building?
There's the ARC Art Department.
Ew.
I wouldn't tell them that.
One of these days...
Give them money.
Tigerclaw's gonna show up there.
Just messin'.
Alright, sorry Logie.
Yes.
So there's a rumor that by the end of the year actually, or I guess near future, you're
gonna be able to play your PSP minis on your PlayStation 3.
So there's basically kind of...
I don't know, you can look at it two ways.
One, they're allowing more customers to purchase these PSP minis, which is neat that they would
allow you to be able to play it.
Two, they don't have very much confidence in the PlayStation Portable platform in order
to put out these PSP minis.
They are afraid that they're not gonna sell that well.
So I don't know, I think it's good that they'll have more content on the PlayStation Network
because it's kind of bare sometimes as far as new stuff goes.
Now why do you think that the PSP minis are a failure?
So far.
I guess I shouldn't...
Maybe failure is a strong word, but why do you think the PSP minis are not up to expectations
right now?
Maybe because the PlayStation Portable, I mean, the PSP goes, I mean, obviously you're
all digital.
Most people with PSPs probably aren't really interested in download games, whereas they're
more interested in kind of the retail stuff, because that way if they don't like it, they
can send it back, or they can rent it, or they can try it out, and that kind of stuff.
And maybe just some of these games like, you know, Tetris they put out there, I mean, who
hasn't played Tetris, and really do...
Okay, let me, here's one reason why the PSP minis, here's my proof on why the PSP minis
is doing well.
Here's the game you can play along with at home.
You ready?
Okay.
Quick.
Name one PSP minigame that's been released that wasn't Sudoku Tetris.
Ready?
Go!
I don't know!
Oh!
That's why they're not doing well, because there's nothing of note!
I'm sure there are, but I just don't know what they are, and they don't advertise them
very well either.
Bingo.
I've seen more advertisement for the XNA lacrosse game than I have for these PSP minis.
I've got to mention this that's come up in our chat, because it's not on the show roll
tonight, but it's something I have to bring up, because I really want to hear what Loki
has to say to this.
SalaciousPopInChat says, there was some sort of Logitech rumor this week about them considering
making a UMD add-on for the go.
And they already denied it.
Have they denied it?
Yeah.
But let's imagine, let's go to the land of make-believe, okay, with King Friday and everybody
for a minute, and imagine that this rumor were true.
What would you be saying?
That's the most retarded thing I've ever heard.
Yes, let me buy a more expensive system that's like almost $100 more expensive than the actual
normal system, which includes this peripheral, and then buy an additional peripheral to be
able to have the same features as the cheaper system.
So you're asking me to spend more money for the system initially, and more money on top
of that to buy a feature that should have been in there in the first place.
Sure, sign me up.
But yes.
My reply to that would be, but meow meow this.
I see what you did there.
Yes, you did.
And like half of our listeners aren't even going to get it because they didn't watch
Mr. Roger's Neighborhood.
No, plenty more.
Not going to understand what you just did, but I laughed very hard.
All right.
Rob, that was for your benefit.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
And Rob, I think that's so meow meow stupid.
I think this show should simply exist to amuse me.
Otherwise what the hell are we doing?
Exactly.
We're just wasting our goddamn time.
We do this show every week so you can bring me coffee.
I was hoping that Logitech rumor was true, because it would just be the nice bullet point
to the failure of the PSB Go.
And there's the ribbon for the package of failure right there.
And that's what they should call the add-on, Logitech Package of Failure for the PSB Go.
Well, you already spent the money already, so apparently you're going to buy extra crap
for it as well.
Sure, why not?
Meow meow fail.
You know what, there's actually, I just realized, there's a UMD movie I have that I do not have
on DVD otherwise.
Shallon Soccer.
No, it's good.
I didn't know how to respond to that, what do you want me to say?
So that means that I actually would have a reason to have a UMD add-on, except that I
have an old PSP and didn't bother buying the damn Go.
Or you could just, I don't know, give up on the UMD format as a format for movies, since
they've stopped making them anyways.
I don't know, I never really saw any reason to, because I already have that on laserdiscs
somewhere.
And you know what, you know why the PSP Minis suck?
It's because they've already had the PSP download games already.
There was absolutely no need to add PSP Minis as another form of download game.
Well I like the idea of cheaper games, just so we don't have anything of note.
Now to be fair, Sony needs time to grow.
It's not a chia pet, it doesn't grow in seven days, it's a little more of a redwood tree
that takes hundreds of years to grow to its full potential.
That's what Sony is right now.
I think in about a year's time we'll have those PSP Minis that are worth it and we'll
be liking it a lot more because they're like, ooh, cheap games that are notable.
But right now, I got nothing.
You know, there's just nothing very of note.
And I do feel bad for the Sony fan, well no I don't, but you know, we habitually bash
the PSP Go on this show, but honestly, Sony, it's just time to give the PSP Go an abortion.
I realize it's already out of the womb, but just stuff it in the face with a pillow and
end the PSP Go.
Because the PSP is a great system.
Go back to the 3,000, it's great, PSP is great, it's internet, MP3s, movies, all right there,
it's great.
Stop it with the Go.
Stop it.
And it wouldn't have been that hard to, I mean seriously, all they would've had to do
is make a PSP 4,000 or whatever and have internal storage built into it.
So okay, look, we've got an internal drive and all the same features that you liked before.
And that would've been just fine.
Brad from Pop Culture asked an interesting question in chat.
How is the add-on any different than a cart adapter for the GameCube or SNES?
Well, in both those cases, you were taking portable systems and putting them on your
TV.
And I think that was the point of those.
Whereas this Logitech adapter is taking something that they took away and putting it back because
you realized it never should've been gone in the first place, if that makes any sense.
I don't know.
It's sort of like...
I think that's the difference to me.
And to be fair, those other adapters on the GameCube were a little silly as well, although
the Super Game Boy did let you tweak the colors, silly, superficial things that weren't there
to begin with.
At least something.
But at least...
I don't know.
It's sort of like the HD DVD add-on to the Xbox 360.
Something that they could've put in at launch, but they didn't.
And no one's missing it now.
We'll see.
I mean, maybe, again, in a year's time, we'll be singing a different tune, but I still think
the PSP Go by that time will be...
I think if they'd literally put this out...
First off, it would've been Sony putting this out, not Logitech.
Although I can see why they do Logitech, so that way they wouldn't look as bad.
It would still be bad enough.
And right there, it's just like, oh, look, you don't have confidence in your system.
And how the hell would they manage to hack that?
And let's just say, for argument's sake, they were able to, I don't know, make that
device and have it connect to their memory card slot or something like that to read UMDs.
It would be hacked in seconds, and it would be a big old back door to the whole PSP Go.
It's not gonna end up pretty for them, which is why they need to do it, so that people
can hack the Go even easier.
All right, let's move on, guys.
We gotta keep moving on with the gaming news so we can get to a break here at some point.
And we're gonna move on to Xbox Live Arcade, looking at what's going on with Microsoft
a little bit.
It looks like the new game that will be coming out this week, Kix++, because it's coming
out on December 9th in Japan, can't imagine that it would be much further behind here.
If you've never played Kix before, it's pretty cool.
I wanna say Dark Sakura had it as their game of the week once, maybe like a year ago.
I am sure I did, because I love Kix.
I do too.
It's one of my favorite puzzler games.
And if you haven't played this, well, you've probably played Gals Panic, and it's pretty
much the same thing.
But if, for whatever reason, you somehow still have not played either one, then it's like
Miss Nude World 96.
And if you haven't played any of those, you draw these little lines and make boxes, and
you're trying to fill a certain percentage of the screen.
I know this game's been cloned several times, you've probably seen something like it.
So it's no surprise that a version of this will be coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
I don't know if it...
You know, all I've seen of this is a screenshot, so I don't know if it has, like...
Although it looks a little...
It looks a little Q Entertainment-y, meaning that it looks like it might have, like, flashing
lights and techno music and all that stuff.
I have no idea what to expect, but apparently it's coming out December 9th in Japan at 800
Microsoft points.
A release here honestly cannot be that far behind.
We might even be getting it at the same time, who knows yet, but most certainly before Christmas.
And I know Jamie's probably all over that, assuming it doesn't suck.
Although it looks like...
It looks like it might be fun.
It looks like it's, like, four players.
That could be kind of chaotic.
If four players are going at the grid all at once, that could be interesting.
That could be.
To see how...
Probably it's a big thing, it probably has, like, online, everybody kind of attacks it
all at once.
It could be cool.
Well, how about something that we kind of already knew?
Hmm.
Yeah.
So, you know the rumor was going along for a long time that a lot of the music in Sonic
3 had been done by Michael Jackson?
Yes, I've heard that rumor before, because the credits music sounds like Stranger in
Moscow, right?
And Casino Night from Scream?
Mm-hmm.
The same...
Ah, that's right.
Yeah.
The little triplet part.
But anyway, yeah.
So it was confirmed that he did it, but he was not happy with it, so he wanted himself
uncredited in the music altered.
Mm-hmm.
So, but he, of course, kept a lot of the same elements to use in his own music.
That's kind of a bummer for Sega, because imagine if they could have marketed that Sonic
3 had a Michael freaking Jackson soundtrack.
I mean, that would have been huge for them.
I mean, it's not like Sonic 3 was a little game anyway, but there'd be a lot of people
that would have taken a huge interest in this game, knowing that Michael Jackson had been
involved.
But there's also, I actually remembered there being interviews ahead of time that they said
that they were getting Michael Jackson's involvement for the musical direction on one of the games.
Mm-hmm.
And, because, I mean, that was in a magazine back when.
But the whole point was that, and this is a quote from, actually an interview with Michael
Jackson's composer, Brad Buxer, saying that at the time, this is a quote, at the time
game consoles did not allow optimal sound reproduction, and Michael found it frustrating.
He did not want to be associated with a product that devalued his music.
So what about Moonwalker, huh?
Well, Moonwalker was kind of a rat in the arcades.
I mean, at the time, now you look back and you go, this is something better left in my
memory.
It came out on Genesis?
That's true.
I thought a pretty good rendition of Smooth Criminal.
Now, Salacious Pop was thinking what I was thinking.
At least there's always Space Channel 5 with Space Michael, right?
Space Channel 5.
Mm-hmm.
By the way, have you ever heard this, and I think this is the right YouTube.
I came across this earlier this week when I was reading about the story.
I've actually got one that I can link you.
Do you?
Okay.
This is a hybrid one that's actually the credits and Michael Jackson's Stranger in Moscow over
each other.
I'll play a little clip of this here.
Yes, I have heard that.
By the way, I do think the Sonic 3 credit music is some of the best video game music
from that era.
So, it is pretty neat to know that Michael Jackson indeed had something to do with that.
So, oh yeah, the Ice Cap Zone thing, huh?
I'm gonna link it to you right now.
All right, let's try to get this played here and then we'll move on with another story.
In fact, while I load that up, maybe we'll start moving into release dates this week.
Loki, why don't you start off with the US releases and then we'll come back to this.
This week's not a lot coming out.
Pretty much your big game's gonna be The Saboteur coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and
PC.
Also this week, though, we do have one, I guess, well, apparently now one of the last
Akira Yamaka Silent Hill games, Silent Hill Shattered Memories coming out on the Wii this
week.
I have to pick that up.
I really like that at E3.
I hope it doesn't disappoint.
No, it looks freaking awesome, so, you know.
Yeah, well, Nintendogs looked awesome, too.
That's all I'm saying.
Yeah, but Nintendogs was awesome, it's just, unfortunately, we didn't get to play it longer
than five minutes at, you know, E3, so, eh, you know, we thought it was good for longer
than five, but, really, it was only good for five.
Of course, this week, Legend of Zelda Spirit Tracks on the DS, and then there's some small
crap that's kind of littering the rest of the week.
Wreck Room for the Wii, Puzzler World for the DS, which is a puzzle minigame compilation,
James Cameron's Avatar the Game, out on PSP, because I believe it's delayed from the rest
of them, and that's about it, actually.
Alright, let me go back to those YouTubes real quick before I get into the Japanese
releases.
Maybe, who is it mixed with Ice Cap Zone music?
Yeah.
Oops, I still have my wave muted.
Live radio fail.
Something's out of tune with that.
I think they were just doing it to sync it.
They need Timbaland to get it auto-tuned.
That's what they need, and then it would be fine.
They were syncing it.
That's the whole thing.
I get it.
Alright.
I know it was jam, not scream.
Jam mixed with Carnival Night Zone.
Dude, I like this.
It's kind of neat.
It's so cool now that that game just has so much added value.
Even though this is one of those things everybody always suspected anyway, but I think a lot
of people were like, did Michael Jackson rip off Sonic because it was one of his favorite
movies?
But now it's like, no.
He fucking wrote it.
He just took the stuff he already did.
Yeah.
I think it's amazing.
A couple more things I was going to mention real quick for release dates, even though
it's not next week, but there's a couple of the Konami Classic volumes that are coming
out on Xbox 360 for 20 bucks each, and actually there's a couple that are pretty good deals.
The first one is... Are these just like the live arcade games?
These are live arcade games.
Like what PopCap does.
That's pretty sweet.
They've got Castlevania, Symphony of the Night, Frogger, and Super Contra.
That's for 20 bucks.
The other one that they have is Track and Field, Rush and Attack, and Contra.
Rush and Attack, by the way, I bet is one of those arcade games you probably didn't
play growing up.
At least I didn't, but it was actually a lot of fun on Xbox Live Arcade.
For five bucks.
It wasn't a bad deal.
Anyhow.
So that's what they're available for now.
I'm not sure if they've dropped the price enough to where that's actually not a good
deal anymore, but maybe three games for 20 bucks.
Let's go to Japan and look at the releases over there.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 gets released in Japan this week, obviously.
Not quite as big of a deal there as it was here, but certainly the game is going to have
its fans over there, just like it does here.
That is coming out on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, and they're even getting their own
Xbox 360 Elite version of it, just like we had here.
Samurai Spirits Zen comes out on the 360 as well.
If I'm not mistaken, Samurai Spirits is Samurai Shodown over here, correct?
So yeah, it's from SNK, so that is getting released on the 360 this week.
Some fighting game fans are going to be very happy about that.
I know that series has its fans.
Also on PlayStation 3, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 is out over there as well, as well
as X-Edge or Cross Edge.
Of course, next week is Final Fantasy 13, and I know a lot of you over here in America
are going to be importing that, although if you just wait 4 more months, you'll have it
here soon enough.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Tales of Graces, and it's also, I guess, a big enough game
where it's getting a bundle release as well, because it's a Tales of game, but now it's
on the Wii.
Like, you know, Tales of Symphonia and all these other titles, now it's Tales of Graces
coming out on the Wii this week in Japan.
Also Toushinden coming out in Japan this week as well.
On the Nintendo Wii.
No way.
Way.
Man, I remember playing Toushinden 3 on PlayStation.
There it is.
Now you get a version on the Nintendo Wii.
I don't know if it's a ported version of the game or what it is.
Oh no, it's a redo.
Actually, you know, I remembered seeing the trailer for it.
Yeah?
Yeah, and it looked just as crappy as all the other ones, which means I have to play
it.
Um, PlayStation 2, you know, the releases are dying down over there in Japan just like
they are over here, but I do want to point out World Soccer winning 11 2010 is coming
out in Japan for you soccer fans.
Nintendo DS, Luminous Arc 3 comes out on the DS this week, and lastly on the PSP, Bleach
Soul Carnival 2 makes its way out in Japan as well as yet another Naruto game, Naruto
Shippuden Narutamit Excel 3.
And World Soccer winning 11.
Woohoo.
On PSP.
There you have it for Japanese releases.
Well, we've got just a few notable ones for the UK.
On the 10th, Pixel Junk Shooter on PlayStation 3, and then on the 11th we have Tekken 6 on
PSP and The Legend of Zelda Spirit Tracks on DS.
Very cool.
All right, so, back to some more gaming news then, and then we're going to get into the
Classic Game of the Week before too long here, and of course our Part B in just a little
while.
Mm-hmm.
Um, this is kind of cool.
They've got, you may remember we talked a little bit about this before, kind of the
whole play, create, share games that they've got now on the PlayStation 3.
Well, the second one in the series is ModNation Racers, and of course it's kind of like Build
Your Own Mario Kart type game, but they are, just like they did with LittleBigPlanet, they're
going to be having a beta, and it actually starts this month, and there's a few ways
you could be in that beta.
One is of course if you bought- Blowing someone at Sony.
That's one way you can do it.
That might, that might work.
One is if you bought the LittleBigPlanet Game of the Year Edition, which have a code that
came inside the box, and then of course you can also sign up online for a chance to participate
as well, and that of course can be done at us.playstation.com slash ModNation slash online
beta, and you can go ahead and sign up there.
Also you can be an existing subscriber to CORE, or subscribe on or before December 15th,
receive a voucher as well, and you can check out the pretty awesome game, which still no
one has announced that it's going to be on PSP, but it is going to be on PSP.
You heard it here first.
Well, it also doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Of course.
I mean, to be fair, but it would be nice to have that confirmed by Sony at some point,
but you know, someday they'll decide to say it, and it'll be a big surprise, except not
really.
But I'm actually very much looking forward to ModNation's Racer.
I think this does look like another game that's going to be like a must-have on the PS3, so
I'm very excited to see that.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
I was just reading in chat.
What's that?
Bond 006 said, I think the gay marriage bill was just passed here in New York.
On a Sunday night?
Well, I...
Well, checking the news.
Yeah, I was going to say, careful, there was one that failed a couple days ago in the New
York Senate, I think it was.
So...
Let us know as you find out.
Yeah.
I'd be curious, too.
You know, it'll be about time.
I mean, live in the now, people.
Yeah.
All right.
Also, coming to the now, which I'm very excited about, Sunsoft, rise from your grave.
Okay, I mean, that wasn't a Sunsoft game, but still, you might remember Sunsoft.
They made some cool 8-bit games back in the day, one of which, of course, near and dear
to all of our hearts, Fester's Quest.
No, I'm kidding.
Blaster Master.
Well, Fester's Quest wasn't that bad.
But Blaster Master was made by Sunsoft.
Yeah, it wasn't that bad.
For me to poop on.
Hey, I got that game for Christmas, one Christmas, and I played it for like a week straight.
It wasn't terrible, except it was very strange.
Like, aliens land in the Addams Family back, forget it.
Blaster Master, fuck everything else.
You have Blaster Master.
Who cares what else Sunsoft did?
They did Blaster Master.
And sure enough, that is the first thing they are planning to release now on the NES Virtual
Console, is Blaster Master.
Unfortunately, it's not like a WiiWare souped-up version or anything like that, but the Wii
Virtual Console release of Blaster Master, 500 Wii points, apparently coming out this
month.
By the way, the whole reason this is happening is because Sunsoft is actually resuming operations
in North America.
They're having a little help from a company called Gaijin Works.
And Gaijin Works made Miami Law for the Nintendo DS.
It was part of Working Designs.
Victor Ireland left them and kind of made this, and so forth.
When Working Designs closed, da-da-da-da-da, one thing led to another.
So now we have Sunsoft.
Quote coming from Ireland, in the, Victor Ireland, that is, in the official announcement.
The first Wii release is a great start, but there is one upcoming announcement in particular
that will demonstrate just how serious Yoshida-san is about rebuilding the Sunsoft console gaming
brand here.
Game fans are going to be pretty happy when they hear about it.
I know I was.
So I'm kind of curious, what other big games did Sunsoft do?
I'm trying to think what their other big franchises were, because I know they had more than that.
Did you say Victor Ireland?
Yes, from Working Designs.
From Working Designs.
Yeah.
We have his Twilight Zone.
Really?
Yes.
Well, he's the guy you can thank for bringing Sunsoft back to life.
Thank you.
And thank you for your pinball table.
Wait, do you have his contact information then?
Dan might.
Could we get him on the show possibly, maybe?
That would be kind of nice.
Let me see if Dan still has it.
Yeah, try to make that happen.
But no, Dan actually bought his Twilight Zone.
And so he gave us, you know that Goemon doll that I have?
He gave us a Goemon doll, because they had a whole bunch of them, because they were supposed
to be for pre-ordering the Goemon game that they never brought out.
Let's see, here's some of the other big things that Sunsoft did.
Arrow the Acrobat.
They did the Blaster Master series, of course.
They did some of the Batman games, like the original Batman on the NES, which was not
too bad.
Let's see, they did Fester's Quest, of course.
Some of the Final Fantasy Legend, I guess, games were translated by them, or localized
or whatever you want to say by them.
Freedom Force, lol.
Lemmings on the NES.
They did a lot of NES ports of games that were big on other systems.
Like Fantasy Zone on the NES was Sunsoft.
You remember how they had like a version of that?
That was done by Sunsoft.
So hmm, very interesting.
Spy Hunter on the NES was them, as well as Super Spy Hunter.
I'd be very curious to see what they have planned.
We'll see.
Hope, I would love for some type of like sequel to Blaster Master, because clearly that's
their huge, huge franchise, and something better than the one that was on Genesis, because
the one that was on Genesis, not so great.
Anyhow, speaking of stuff worthy of the Virtual Console, we're going to take a trip down
memory lane in a segment we like to call the Classic Game of the Week.
And every week in the Classic Video Game of the Week segment, Dark Sakura takes a trip
to the video game vault and pulls out a game that she thinks, dammit, you ought to be playing
this game.
Super Snappers, you need to dust off your NES, or SNES, or as in the case of a lot of
these games, Sega related systems, and play this game.
So Dark Sakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
Final Fight!
Ah, a topically inspired game, I see.
Yep.
I got inspired by last week, although actually it was also when I went and picked up my box
of Final Fight Guy.
I was like, oh yeah, I should do this.
Because I found the box.
Hold on for a second, play some music.
All right, sure.
This is the final boss fight in Final Fight Guy, which really would be the same as regular
Final Fight 2, but Fighting Belger.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I had to get the box, because we're going to take a picture of it.
Wow.
It is, you'll have to put that on the picture site.
I will.
Blockbuster exclusive direct from Japan, Final Fantasy Guy.
Final Fight Guy.
I'm sorry, Final Fight Guy.
That was, I got that when I had- Who's going to say Fatal Fury Guy?
I've done that before, too.
I had my, uh, this one I had my whole little obsession with getting everything Final Fight
until they put out a Final Fight that sucks, but I've got Final Fight CD and Mighty Final
Fight, which was the SD version that came out on Nintendo, but yeah, let me get, actually
get back to the game.
Um, Final Fight was an arcade game put out by Capcom, and it was designed by Nishitani
Akira, who you will see as Nin Nin, and characters were designed by Yasuda Akira, which you'll
see as Akiman, so some of those things should definitely be familiar, all this Capcom-tastic
music.
So yeah, you gotta go rescue, uh, uh, the mayor's daughter, who happens to be, uh, Cody's,
uh, chick, and the mayor is also a former wrestler named Mike Hagar, who showed up in,
what, Saturday Night Slam Masters, right?
Yes, Saturday Night Slam Masters, which is also amazing.
So when this game, though, came out on the, um, the sneeze, or the SNES, sorry, um, you
only could play as Cody or Hagar, so they brought out Final Fight Guy, so we could play
Guy.
Um, he's, though, super fast and was, like, super awesome to play with, so never mind.
Um, Cody was the balanced guy, Hagar was the strong guy.
He's also ranked third in EGM's list of Top 10 Video Game Politicians.
So there were, um, so this game is actually way ahead of, uh, of its time, because it
actually had pre-op transgender women in it.
Whatever.
Anyway, yeah, there are actually two, um, women in the game called Poison and Roxy,
but they, um, turned them into men named Billy and Sid, for the American version.
So there were.
So that you're not hitting women.
I guess.
Or hoochie women with really short skirts, and, you know, where you can see underboobs.
I see.
Um, there was a- Underboobs.
You know what I mean, when the shirts- I know, I know what you're talking about, it's just,
I haven't heard it phrased quite so eloquently before.
There was also the Andore family that were all based off of Andre the Giant.
Yeah.
Um, also, um, a character named 2P that was based, um, off of, uh, Player 2 character
from Forgotten Worlds.
Did you ever play that game, Rob?
Mmm, don't think so.
It had, like, the special controller.
It was one of Capcom's kind of interesting weird games, but, um, since he looked like
the second player, he was called 2P.
So anyway.
Um, and then you had your bosses.
You had Damned, who in the US was Thrasher.
Um, you had, uh, Sodom, who was, um, called Katana in the US version.
But, um, he came out, and he was one of the ones that was brought back for Street Fighter
Alpha series.
Um, in fact, that's the other video that I linked you up, was the fight with him.
Let me play that one real quick.
There's also, uh, Eddie E, and Rolento, who's another one who came in for Street Fighter
Alpha.
And then Abigail, who's actually a dude, but if I was named Abigail, I'd probably be frustrated
and I'm a chick.
And then Belger, the final guy, who's actually kind of interesting.
You actually start fighting him while he's holding the girl in his lap, and she ducks
and screams, and finally he just, you know, she falls over with her butt in the air.
Seriously.
Like, that's not wrong.
So what is this guy?
You're fighting a guy named Sodom?
Yeah.
You have a twin brother named Gamora?
What is this?
I, well, you know, that's part of why they changed his name.
They called him Katana when they came out in the US, but I mean, he's called Sodom in
Street Fighter Alpha series.
He's like some guy who, like, some huge, he's like the uber crazy violent otaku guy who's
like so obsessed with Japanese culture that he, like, wears a samurai hat and football
armor.
Or football padding.
That's stupid.
But yeah.
But they said that the basis for Final Fight is actually off Double Dragon 2, the revenge
in the arcade, so they brought it up and they actually were saying that some of the characters
were former Street Fighters.
So it's kind of neat.
So yeah, there was the whole issue with the ports, and I'm actually going to take a link
off of the, well, you can actually see pictures up, and I'm going to link them in the chat
room, of the changes to the characters, to the poison character.
And then, but now for other versions, there's Sega CD, the Sega CD version, which I have,
I love Final Fight CD.
It's got a range soundtrack and a time attack mode.
It's super fun.
I've got Final Fight 1 somewhere for GBA.
There was, when it came out in the US, actually there was an Amiga Atari ST, Commodore 64,
ZX Spectrum, well that was in Europe, and Amstrad CPC version.
There was a Sharp X68000 version that came out.
There was the one I mentioned, Mighty Final Fight, which was the 8-bit version for NES
that had the super deformed, and it's actually super fun.
It is really fun and really cute.
Cheap and Final Fight.
Yeah.
Final, well, no, it's super deformed because they are like the really squished up book
embodies.
Yeah, I've seen it.
Also Final Fight came out on the Capcom Classics Collection Volume 1 for PlayStation 2 and
Xbox and a portable version, Capcom Classics Collection Remix for PSP.
And it had the emulated CPS music, so that was pretty cool.
There was also Final Fight Streetwise, which I pretend not to exist because it sucks.
Or maybe it was the Final Fight Double Imp.
Nope.
It was the new one that they tried to do.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Damn, I only knew the Final Fight that was at the local pizza place.
Oh, there's also sequels.
There was Final Fight 2 and Final Fight 3.
I've got those.
They were actually fun.
Now, there's also an American Street Fighter animated series, and I know it sucks, but
they actually had Cody and Guy teaming up with Ken and Ryu.
It was really weird.
There are also, of course, my KGARs in Saturday Night Slam Masters and Muscle Bomber Duo in
Slam Masters 2 The Ring of Destruction.
Street Fighter games, you had Guy and Sodom, then Rolento and Cody in Street Fighter Alpha
3.
And then you had in Street Fighter 3 Second Impact, you had the character that was modeled
after Andori, and his manager is Poison.
I don't know if you ever played Street Fighter 3.
Just a couple times.
That was kind of during that phase where I was out of touch with gaming for a little
bit.
And Guy and Guy are actually going to be in Super Street Fighter 4.
Yeah, and I remember that was the story last week that kind of probably got you thinking
about this.
I think that's pretty cool.
Yeah, there was also another 3D fighting game version, Final Fight Revenge.
And then, you know, meh.
But also, now it sort of seems that they used the same format, though, for a lot of the
other games that came out afterwards, like King of Dragons and Knights of the Round.
Captain Commando, Warriors of Fate, Cadillacs and Dinosaurs, The Punisher, D&D Tower of
Doom, and then Alien vs. Predator, though, I think is one of the best games to come after
that.
But yeah, a lot of that came through.
So yeah, Final Fight.
Win.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Final Fight, available on lots and lots of
systems.
I'll post those pictures.
The arcade was one of the most memorable.
Alright, that's going to do it for part A here of Orange Launch Radio, but don't go
anywhere because we've got plenty more to come in part B, including your Twitter topics,
which I haven't put a call out for on Twitter yet, but we'll get those.
And I haven't seen any emails this week.
I don't even know if we'll have any of those, but we'll get to those.
But we do have some news, if nothing else, talking about Red Box expanding to Game Rental,
which I think has come up on the show before, but now it's going to the next step.
Somebody beat World of Warcraft.
Yes, somebody beat it.
More things to waste money on your Xbox Live avatars with, and of course, it wouldn't be
Lolsy if we didn't talk about an adult game, so we'll be talking about that all in the
next segment.
So stay tuned.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening,
December the 6th of 2009, where we're eagerly anticipating snow tomorrow here in Sacramento,
where Orange Lounge Radio is based, when we never, and this is a big deal, I realize some
of you live in the East Coast and even in other countries where snow is probably no
big deal.
In fact, you probably hate it.
But we never see snow here, so even the fact that it's just going to even sprinkle a little
white tomorrow is going to be amazing.
I'm excited.
Too bad it's not Christmas tomorrow.
That would make it even better, but oh well.
So we're all excited about that.
Anyhow, we've got plenty more news to get into tonight here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Of course, we always tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio at 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern Time, right at the close of the Bobby Black Wolf Show, which is on
one hour before we start at 5 or 8, depending on where you live.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news, and then we'll get into your Twitter topics
in just a little bit.
Send them on Twitter if you have anything you want to send us.
Yes.
So one of the games that's coming out this week, The Saboteur, is getting some day one
DLC.
And this is to entice you to buy the game new, because if you don't buy it new, then
you'll have to purchase this separately.
But what you get with the game is a code to download The Midnight Show.
And what The Midnight Show is, well, it's the nudity that's in The Saboteur.
Lots of naked chicks that do little dances for you, and contains new hiding spots, a
new minigame, and of course, it's an option to unlock the nudity, so if you really don't
want to see naked women, then you don't have to.
And once again, if you do pick up the game used, you will be able to get the download
content.
It's going to cost you $3 or 240 Microsoft points.
Let's see.
Dante's Inferno, the God of War-esque type game, will be coming to the PlayStation Network
and Xbox Live Marketplace in the form of a demo soon.
The PlayStation Network will get it a few weeks early, in fact, you'll be able to pick
it up next week on Thursday, December 10th.
The Xbox Live Marketplace will be getting it on December 24th.
And the game itself is not scheduled to come out until, I believe, February, so got a ways
there.
And then finally, Santa Claus is coming to PlayStation Home.
And you will be able to interact with Santa Claus and the elves and whatnot, and they
also have different minigames as well.
And of course, there's also a photo elf that you can take pictures with or get some decorated
pictures for your home.
When I ask for a BB gun, will he tell me you'll shoot your eye out?
Perhaps.
You know what's funny is my character is still dressed like Santa from last year.
Nice.
And that's how it's gonna stay.
Now you need to change it.
You need to change it to like a Halloween outfit or something now that it's Christmas.
Nope.
Still gonna be Santa.
You'll be like Jack Skellington.
Cause my guy is like a hobo.
Cause you actually paid money for the Santa costume, right?
Hobo Santa?
Yeah, well that's the only costume I'm wearing.
Did you ever log into home, like during June or anything?
We still have that club in home.
I haven't checked in like a week to see if there's any new people, so sorry if I haven't
gone to.
But yeah, we still have that little clubhouse in home.
Don't know what to do with it.
It's been suggested maybe we should have a OLR home meetup.
So maybe someday.
We'll see.
Anyhow, going into some other rapid fire news.
Big sale at Walmart.
If you still do not have a Wii, now might be the time to do that because for one week
from December 5th to 12th, every Wii will come with a $50 gift card.
So you take $199 for the Wii, eliminate $50, that's basically give or take $150 for a Wii.
Which you could use the $50 gift card to buy games or whatever else you need at Walmart.
Also there's some big price dips in games.
I wouldn't be surprised if those Wiis were already sold out, sadly, by the time you hear
this show.
But you never know.
Check your Walmart because that deal is supposed to be good for all this week.
They might get more shipments during the week.
You never know what might happen.
But keep an eye out for those cheap deals.
It's not just Black Friday.
Well I didn't think this game could be possibly ported anywhere else, but I was proven wrong.
Dragon's Lair is coming out for the iPhone.
That's right, the old school 1983 laser disc game Dragon's Lair that's been released on
every single console ever, it seems like anyway, is now coming to the iPhone thanks to Electronic
Arts who is doing the port.
Not sure exactly how they're doing it.
It looks like you have little up, down, left, right arrows on the screen.
Right, except the corners of the screen.
Basically a big button on the other side for the sword button there.
It is coming out for five bucks, I think?
Because that's what Space Ace is priced at.
So they don't have a final price yet, but Space Ace is five bucks.
They also had Cobra Command as well, which is very similar.
I might need to get Dragon's Lair, except you know what I just found while I was cleaning
off my desk?
Dragon's Lair?
Dragon's Lair HD.
Oh, the HD kind of different one they did a while ago.
Yeah, I remember that.
Hidden under a layer of stuff.
Wow.
I tell you, I sneeze and find games, Rob.
I still need to take a picture of Final Fight Guy, don't I?
Yes you do.
Yeah, so I don't know.
I will always be partial to the Dragon's Lair that was on the Commodore 64.
It was way different.
It was like a completely different game.
Harder than hell, but a lot of fun, I have to admit.
That's the one I'll always be partial to.
Anyhow, how about some news about Rock Band?
Of course, it wouldn't be a week here at OLR if we didn't have news about upcoming Rock
Band releases.
More Green Day coming out for Rock Band.
Apparently Christian's Inferno, Last of the American Girls, and Viva La Gloria, which
I believe are all off the latest CD, 21st Century Breakdown, are on their way on December
15th or December 17th, depending on what system you're on.
But also to look forward to in Rock Band, some songs coming out within the next couple
of weeks.
This week, actually, December 8th or December 10th.
Slipknot songs, Duality, Psychosocial, and Sulphur.
And then some individual tracks, a track by Lights Resolve called Dreaming of Love, which
is free, by the way, so you can check that out for free.
And this is kind of awesome in a real dorky sort of way, Simon and Garfunkel are getting
some songs in Rock Band.
I Am A Rock and The Sounds of Silence, because when you want to rock, I know the first thing
you think of is Simon and Garfunkel.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us tonight?
Just a few things, actually, and it isn't actually the page I was looking at about the
land of make-believe, Gearbox actually trademarked border worlds, so the rumor is that Borderlands
could be extended into an actual universe of games, and Borderlands is pretty fun from
what I've seen, so I could see, and you know, everyone I've actually talked to that's played
it says that it's a fantastic game.
So I can actually see the expansion happening, you know, I think it'd be a good thing.
Lots of, you know, shooting midgets.
And then the UK has a date for Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker, it will be the 28th of
May, and of course that's going to be on, sorry, PSP, and actually in Japan it's going
to be coming out on March 18th.
So four-player co-op, it can be Snake, Snake-oo!
And then Squeenix put out a song, a game, a song summoner for iPhone, it's actually
called Song Summoner The Unsung Heroes for iPhone and iPod Touch, and that it's got touchscreen
controls of course, and characters in different scenarios, and it's supposed to be out, there's
a demo for it out actually, and for UK customers it'll be 5.99, so.
I've heard that Song Summoner is kind of anth though, because it was out on the old-school
iPod, you know, well, in other words the iPods a lot of people still have really, they came
out on those a while ago, and I think it was kind of under the radar because the iPhones
and iTouches had already come out and a lot of those releases got missed, but.
I'd like to see what they've actually managed to do with it.
Yeah, you never know, they might have like kind of changed some things and done some
upgrades too, so it would be kind of cool to see what is going on.
What I'd like to see what's going on with right now is the Twitter topic, so let's open
up ye old Twitter, and see what you guys have to say, a very fast night with the Twitter
topics by the way, I'm quite impressed.
SEG starting us off tonight, of course with another plug for OOMLOUD, because that's happening
this week, SEG wants to know, are y'all going to OOMLOUD?
I'm going for sure, but I think the fact that it's on a weeknight is kind of screwing with
everyone else because it is a couple hours away.
Everyone has to usually work at six in the morning.
Yeah, I'm able to kind of swing it where I'm getting off work a little early so I can make
it, but it might, I might be the sole representation there.
Sorry, but I'm going to have three times the fun, so meh.
Hope to see some of you listeners there that are local to San Francisco.
Alex Carson says, I'm going to make a PSP app for your show if that's okay with you
guys.
Actually, we do have a PSP website, olrpsp.com, and you can download a PSP radio tuner there,
I forgot about that in the earlier part of the show, because Loki hasn't updated it in
a couple years, so whereas you might have some broken graphics and things, I think it
still works, right?
Loki, I don't know, have you checked that out in a while?
I think it still sort of works.
Yeah.
So you might want to check that out.
If you can make it better, hey, we are not going to complain.
I got to tell you, we would be very excited about that.
Spazinator going off on us a little bit, no offense, but Californians don't know squat
about snow.
Try sending many winters in Buffalo, then you'll know about snow.
No, I agree.
The one-eighth of an inch of snow you're getting pales in comparison to what we usually get,
six inches to as much as two feet.
I do want to say, though, careful, because when you say Californians, you're talking
about the entire state of California, we do have actually a lot of snowy places in California.
I don't live in one, but we have Lake Tahoe, for example, they get a lot of snow up there,
so careful, California is not all beaches and surfers.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya says, Arcade Heroes is picking the best arcade game of the past decade, 2000
to 2009.
Thoughts?
My thought is, I'm kind of sad because this was the decade that arcades kind of died and
got replaced with ticket redemption machines, so I don't know if I have an easy answer.
Anyone have an answer for what the best arcade game of the past 10 years would be?
Strider 2.
I mean, obviously, DDR was somewhat impactful for us.
Strider 2?
I would say also maybe like, what was it, oh gosh, oh, I know, Final Furlong, horsey
riding game.
Final Furlong.
Horsey Humping!
Yes, and Derby Owner's Club.
Derby was pretty good.
I would say Derby Owner's Club just because it's so fucking epic, like when you see it.
I mean, it's like, it's the size of an arcade, amazing.
So there you go, those would be some of my picks.
And if none of those work, then eh, Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is pretty fucking sweet, I gotta
say.
Let's see, other topics here.
Fernando says on the Twitter, Sky, I love you, let's repeal Prop 8 and get married.
Hey, I'm all about repealing Prop 8, which is some major bullshit, but I think you might
need to take me to dinner first before I agree to get married, just saying.
Alex Carson wants to know, how many of you are phone freakers?
What is that?
I don't even, like it's like hacking your phone, right?
Yeah, I'm not.
Is that like, back in the day, like people used to modify like those Captain Crunch whistles
to be able to like, dial the phones, when back in the day it was the rotary pulse dials?
Like is that the kind of stuff we're talking about?
Like old school hacking stuff?
I find that stuff interesting, but I don't do it myself.
Plus it's all like cell phones now.
I've decided what I'm going to do when I get my new iPhone, is take my old one and pimp
it out to look all steampunk, which I'm probably going to do with my new one, because even
though yes, it's a great design, a lot of work went into the design of it, I bought
it, I want to change it up a bit, so I'm going to, but I've decided that I'm going to release
it as the limited edition Dark Sakura old school iPhone, and sell it for 700 bucks.
Let's see, Javier Altman on Twitter says, OLR, pick your topic, the platypus is made
out of other animal spare parts, or the Saboteur Boobies DLC with love footy.
Well, we already talked about the Saboteur Boobies DLC, so the platypus is made out of
other animal spare parts.
Isn't that like a hot dog, actually, you're talking about?
I think that the platypus is God going, see?
Blue Swim says, what do you think of the Best Buy giving DSI buyers a free copy of Tony
Hawk's Motion, a game which requires a GBA port to play?
This is where if I had the Price is Right losing horn queued up, I'd play it right now.
That's kind of humorous, actually, in a sick way.
That's hilarious.
That's a Best Buy movie.
I didn't hear about that at all, actually, so thank you for bringing that to my attention,
because it's pretty lolsy.
Master of the Claw sent us a YouTube link to some people having fun jamming.
Look at that, they're getting down.
Oh my God, they're dancing to Bird is the Word.
It reminds me of that Family Guy episode.
They're playing a game called Just Dance on the Wii.
Bird is the Word.
Bird, bird, bird.
Did you hear?
Bird is the Word.
The fact that it's in that game, that makes the game 100% good.
Yeah, I heard of this game and it looked ridiculous, but now that I know that it's tongue-in-cheek
ridiculous, I'm far more interested, so thank you for bringing it to my attention.
That guy is just getting down in that chick.
I don't think that chick would be getting down like this, though, if you weren't paying
her to do it.
She looks a little bit emo.
That's awesome.
That game does kind of look like fun, actually.
Thank you, Just Dance on the Wii.
I am assuming that's out now?
I don't know.
Yes, that's out now.
I don't know, Loki.
Been out for a few weeks.
Loki, we might have to play that and YouTube it.
No, we don't.
No, we don't.
But Loki, didn't you hear?
Bird is the Word.
Yes, and granted, I love that song, but I'm not going to play that game.
They want a link in chat here.
Here you go, chatters.
There's the link.
It's a bit L-Y link I got from Master of the Claw on Twitter, so you win Twitter tonight,
Master of the Claw for getting the bird as the word, and that dancing.
Did you notice?
They were actually walking around, clucking like chickens.
Granted, they were Ubisoft employees, but they tend to go over, yeah.
That could be the game of the year right there, if we didn't have President Cat this year.
Speaking of President Cat, I got to get this out here real quick.
Did you know there's still no word about President Cat getting a release over here in the US?
Just so you know.
There's still no word on that, but do you know what game is coming out on WiiWare in
a couple months?
Is that Muscle March?
Muscle March is coming out.
Do you know what Muscle March is?
If you don't know what Muscle March is, you need to YouTube this game immediately, because
it's like, it's awesome, but it's like, imagine Cho Aniki meets that game, meets that game
show where you have to twist your body to not fall through the wall or whatever, meets
crack, pure adulterated crack.
I can't believe that game is coming out and yet no word on President Cat, I'm just saying.
And all this bullshit about President Cat only sold a hundred copies, source please!
I mean, I know probably like a hundred people over here that imported it.
Apparently it got a shout out on the 1UP show this week.
I don't listen to that show.
Yeah, they discovered the game, and so therefore they're informing the internet of the game
and they should come over here, and they're the first ones that ever discovered the game.
Clearly, yes, they just-
Um, how about they're full of shit?
Everybody, send letters!
Well, to be fair, they didn't call it President Cat.
If they had called it President Cat, I would say something.
But we referred to it by name.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just...
It doesn't matter.
It matters to me!
How dare they steal our thunder!
I don't, I don't care.
I care!
I'm all about spreading the word about the game, and if it gets it out there, then whatever.
We, it's time, no, no, that's why we don't get recognized, Rob.
We need to pimp ourselves.
You can't prove it.
You can't prove it.
I've got the internet.
I have the days to post.
Alright.
I've got to go on a joystick, and, you know.
You've got Joystick and Destructoid backing us up, so nah.
I just don't care enough.
I'm sorry.
I don't care enough.
I don't want to become the President Cat show, okay?
And to be fair-
It had its moment.
I'm over it.
I listened to a little bit of, you know, that, the podcast, and they're like, yeah, we heard
it sold, like, 80 copies, so, because there's 81, yo-ho!
Ah, yeah, yeah.
They're firing on all cylinders over there.
Let's see, um, where was I?
Matt Ostrowski tweeted us, by the way, one more tweet here that the OLR listeners will
want to know.
OLR Evolution's second mix will be coming out December 24th for everyone.
Oh, that's cool, like a little Christmas present, or Hanukkah present, if you will, whatever
it is you're into, or Kwanzaa, I don't care.
Whatever you celebrate, Solstice, or, you know, what do Pastafarians celebrate on Christmas,
I guess?
They, uh, celebrate, uh, Nokimas.
I guess that's what it is, a pirate day.
Um, anyhow, whatever it is you celebrate this winter, OLR Evolution's second mix is coming
out, and if you don't know what that is, it's like a DDR clone type thing, or, they take
one of those DDR sims, and they completely reskin it with OLR-related songs, and I think
they even, like, take clips of our voice, and now we're, like, the announcers in the
game.
So, it's a lot of great fan work.
It's, you know what-
I mean, I definitely need to check this out.
I take it as a big compliment.
It's amazing.
So thank you very much, fans, for putting that together.
You guys rock.
That Just Dance game looks interesting.
Doesn't Just Dance kind of look like fun?
It's just, it's only because that song's in there, if it's any other song, I wouldn't
give it to it.
I will admit, to the tweeter who asked why the hell we hadn't talked about it before,
when I saw the box art in, like, the songs they were advertising, I was like, eh, this
is, like, gonna be Weech here, or something.
I just, I did dismiss it very quickly, but it looks like it could be ridiculous fun.
Who knows?
If it was called Just Dance featuring the bird, Surfing Bird, you know, a hundred thousand
more copies sold right there.
All right, let's move on to some more gaming news and Loki.
Yes, um, so Red Box, the DVD kiosk rental place that's been popularized by all its locations
and Walmarts and various supermarkets and everywhere else in between, they are now test
marketing, well, they have been test marketing game rentals in Reno, Nevada and Wilmington,
North Carolina, and they're testing them out at two dollars a piece.
Yeah, I've been well aware of this.
Something we deal with, actually, so.
And hopefully it's something that will launch full scale at some point.
They're also testing some higher price points, too, for DVD rentals, but that's another story.
That's a whole thing, because I hear the movie studios are pissed that they're only charging
a dollar for DVD rentals, because it devalues the movie, as in, as if ending up in the five
dollar bin at Walmart isn't devaluing your movie.
I mean, please get over yourself.
I could talk for a long time about how retarded that whole comment of them saying that it
devalues movies and stuff, because they're worried that people are going to go to these
movies and say, well, I don't have to buy your movies, you know, sell through, I'm just
going to go rent it from this kiosk for a dollar.
And they figure, oh, if we take that away, then they'll go buy the DVD.
No, they'll actually just go rent it from someplace else for less.
You know, they're not going to just go, oh, well, I guess I have to go buy the DVD now
to watch it.
Or they're going to go, oh, well, I'm just going to...
What about Netflix, where I get it for free, pretty much, with a subscription?
I mean, it's retarded.
There are some that have jumped on board.
There's some, though, that they realize that they've made a mistake, but they're stubborn,
so they're going to stick to their guns, and that's unfortunately the case.
This actually, I believe, is unrelated to all that.
The reason why I think they're raising their rentals to two dollars is because they're
starting to carry more Blu-rays in there, and you can't rent a Blu-ray for a buck a
day and expect to make a return on your investment.
Yeah, that's true, too, is that they're going to lose money at that rate.
But still, I think it's kind of cool, though, two dollar rentals for games, I mean, that's
not bad.
That's not bad at all.
No, I mean, I don't rent games, really, anymore, but if I did...
I don't either, but I should.
I would save a lot of money if I were smart enough to rent the games.
My only issue is that the nearest red box machine I can think of is at Wal-Mart, and
I ain't setting foot in that place.
But it's just like a few feet into Wal-Mart, I mean, it's like...
I have to get through the parking lot and all the people asking me for money.
Seriously, the Wal-Mart by where I live is sick.
You know why they also Safeway?
Check it out.
They need to nuke it.
I found a secret entrance into the Wal-Mart near where I live.
There's actually a side one by where they push the carts in that no one uses.
Really?
So I actually bypass the front door completely.
They don't have one like that here.
Just go to Safeway.
I'll go to Safeway.
Safeway's nice.
Yeah.
Which is funny, Safeway is next door to Wal-Mart, yet Safeway doesn't have that problem, because
Safeway hires security guards.
Safeway probably also doesn't want people loitering out front selling shit too, so...
I had people knock at my door today, two different people trying to sell me shit.
I hate that shit.
You know, someone trying to sell me the Sac B so they can get their thousand dollar scholarship.
I don't give a shit!
Do you know how many of those kids have come to my door in like the past couple weeks?
Because when I was home sick with the swine flu, I swear to God, like three of those people
came by the house.
I'm like, I'm gonna cough on you, and then you're really gonna have something to fundraise
for.
And then like, do you have any cans?
No!
I don't have any cans!
Go away!
People dig through the recycle bin at my house.
It's kinda, like, I gotta watch what I throw in there.
It's kinda freaky.
People suck.
Anyhow, Toa Gak in our chat says, threaten to shoot them if they don't get off your property.
Sadly, it's not that easy.
DarkTattooia is pointing me to the PeopleOfWalmart.com website, which, by the way, love.
Love that site.
Hilarity.
Great time waster.
Yes, great time waster.
The other person wants to know, is Walmart that bad in California?
Depends where you are.
There's some really nice ones.
There's some really nice Walmarts I will go to.
I like the, well, Walmart for me also, when I first moved out here, I could not find a
Walmart.
We had to go to, like, Elberta to find a Walmart.
Yeah, they're only new as of the past, you know, ten years, as long as you've been here.
Well, now we have the supercenters now.
Yeah, and honestly, that makes the difference to me.
If it's a supercenter, it's usually really nice.
If it's not, they'll go there.
Well, for the longest time, we couldn't have them out here because of actually zoning laws
regarding grocery stores, where you could have a certain number of grocery stores within
a certain radius of each other.
But I think they since lived through that, because I saw them building the one on Antelope
way back, well, here near where I live, when I would come home from work, and now it's
here, and I love it.
And whenever, actually, it's kind of funny, I just stayed in there for two hours when
they first opened it, because I was so homesick.
When I get homesick, I go to Walmart.
Honestly though, why would I ever go to Walmart when there's a Target just a couple blocks
away that's brand spanking new, and nice, and even has groceries now?
It's Uber Target, and I love it.
Actually, Walmart does have better prices for certain things, like, okay, I know you're
not a chick, but...
Tampons?
No, actually, the hair dye that I buy actually get cheaper.
A lot of the stuff that I get actually, I tend to get a whole lot cheaper than action
figures.
Where else can I go to get, you know, a bag of baby spinach, and then run it over and
buy some Equate brand NyQuil stuff?
Hitstun is mentioning Costco.
Actually, it was Marissa that first said it.
Screw Sam's Club, Costco for the win.
Costco's pretty awesome if you need, like, 15 of something.
Because seriously, like, I think a great arrangement would be to have, like, a really good friend
that you can go, like, shopping at Costco with for your necessities, and then split
what you buy in half.
You know what?
It would be a smart arrangement.
You know what?
We do.
Well, we actually did just get a Costco membership, but we had a friend.
Actually, our landlord, but he's a buddy of ours, has a Costco membership, and then Dan
is our friend Julie's complimentary spouse.
Nice.
I actually got pissed off over that the first time, though.
Yeah, yeah.
But I think we have our own membership now, but still.
I like Costco quite a bit, actually.
All joking aside about the bulk items, they do have really good deals on, like, TVs and,
you know, the high-end stuff.
Like, I got my TV at Costco.
Well, I told you about what happened with ours, right?
Well, keep in mind, with Costco, you can return anything anytime without your receipt.
You can just go.
It'll be on your membership card.
Yeah.
So we took, we had our old 50-inch widescreen TV, and we actually took it back to exchange
it for, you know, something that was equivalent.
And we actually now have a 52-inch LCD widescreen.
So because we could exchange it for anything equivalent, and it was the only equivalent
they had, our old model is not made anymore.
They do have a great return policy at Target, or not Target, at Costco.
I did have a TV break, and I took it back, and they took it back.
Amazing.
Anyhow, I don't know how we got from Redbox to Costco, but we did.
So there you go.
World of Warcraft, moving on to this crack of a game, World of Warcraft, World of War
crack.
I'm addicted.
What can I say?
It's fun.
But did you hear that it got beaten?
Yes, somebody beat the World of Warcraft.
And of course, they live in Taiwan, and the character's name is Little Gray, if you translate
the name.
They've beat the World of Warcraft.
What do I mean by beat?
No, I don't mean they beat the final raid in the game, because then a lot of people
have beat it, if that's the case.
No, they have gotten every single achievement in World of Warcraft, all 986.
Someone has no fucking life.
Here's my thought.
I bet multiple people are splitting this account.
I bet multiple people contributed to this.
It probably wasn't just one person.
It's still an impressive achievement, though, but at the same time, time to go outside,
because there's some achievements in there that are crazy.
One of them is that you have to get exalted with Aldor, and then you have to go all the
way down to Hated and get exalted with Scryer.
That means nothing to people that don't play WoW.
It means nothing to me.
It takes a lot.
It's a lot of fucking grinding.
Let's just leave it like that.
You know what?
It's like trying to gain one level in Final Fantasy XI.
It's a lot of fucking grinding.
That's a great analogy.
That's a fantastic analogy.
Yes, and it's accurate, too.
Because, I mean, for me, I can't stand to play with more than two people at a time,
because I'm like, you're going too fast!
So just doing all of that would be like, eeee, wince.
I will say, though, despite all the crap I give Final Fantasy XI years out, I am super,
super excited for Final Fantasy XIV.
Like I'm already seeing that 2010 will be the year I finally quit WoW, because we'll
have Final Fantasy XIV and we'll have Star Trek Online.
Star Trek Online is going to completely murder any free time I have.
I know.
That's what I'm looking at, too.
I'm going to command a fucking ship.
Did you see what they did to the Borg?
I've been very good about not looking at any previews for it, because I want to poop my
pants from shock and awe the first day I play it.
I think that I farted a little bit.
To use your analogy, Rob.
Don't pin that analogy on me.
That's all you.
No, you're the one who said you were going to poop your pants.
I just used your same analogy.
Alright, fine.
They did cool stuff.
So the Borg made you shard a little bit.
Anyway, like some of the stuff that they were talking about is like they were trying to
make it to where you could not go back from assimilation, that like they replace your
stomach.
Wow.
Because you don't really need to eat when you have a regeneration cycle.
I'm like, wow, these people are geeky on a level that is far beyond my comprehension.
So the Borg won't sh- never mind.
They can't shit.
I wasn't going to go there.
Unless they're going to throw up some energy at you or something.
They're going to fart sparks.
Resistance is futile.
Pooped!
This was the moment when OLR got flushed down the toilet.
That's the moment when the episode literally and figuratively went down the-
Hey, I see a shark.
Let's jump it.
Hey!
Rest in peace, Orange Launch Radio, 2002-2009.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Jamie, can you take us in a non-poopy direction, please?
Um, sorry, I'm still laughing my ass off.
I'm laughing my ass off, so no more pooping.
Are you laughing at what Salacious Pop is saying in chat?
I'm not looking.
They poop Sound Blaster cards from 1998 and laugh at you when they crash your Win 95.
I lolled.
That's pretty, pretty damn funny.
Oh, anyway, okay, so, how about some Tatsunoko vs. Capcom news?
Yes, please.
Because Tatsunoko vs. Capcom is sexy.
Um, so yeah, actually, um, there is something on one of the Mad Cat's, um, employees' flicker
that is a Tatsunoko vs. Capcom fighting stick, so that you can actually, uh, play fighting
games without having to contort your fingers to actually use the damn Wii controller, even
the classic controller.
I was going to say, the classic controller is not terrible.
But it's not great.
It's like trying to play fighting games on the SNES, unless you were dealing with something
with only four buttons.
But I actually, I was quite fond of Street Fighter II on the SNES, you know?
So it was like, well, keep in mind, when I bought my SNES, the first game I went out
and got, well, besides Kirby's Avalanche, was Super Street Fighter II.
Now, I'm with Dark Tetsuya, though, that would be awesome to have even for virtual console
games or a few arcade games.
Well, anyway, the theory is that it could be possible that it's going to, uh, be a bundle,
like a normal and then arcade bundle, um, like, uh, Street Fighter IV had.
So, and it looks, it looks really nice.
I hope so.
I mean, because honestly, you know what's funny is that playing fighting games at home,
I actually do prefer to play on a good controller over playing it on a joystick just because
of, um, some of my hand problems.
But I would, I would seriously, I would seriously get this.
It's sexy.
There's a, everybody else's face is covered except for, you know, that crack coach in
Lee.
But right at the very top of it is Owashi no Ken, and he, he is so cool.
I'm kind of surprised at all the love that Tatsunoko versus Capcom is getting, um, getting
from Capcom.
I kind of assumed that they were going to release this, like they were kind of throwing
us a fricking bone, but it really seems like they're giving this an Uber release here.
Like they're really trying.
Keep in mind, I mean, yeah, maybe not many people over here in the US have heard of Kagaki
Ninja Taigajamon, right?
But they've heard of Battle of the Planets, they've heard of G-Force, they've heard of
even Eagle Riders.
I mean, for all the anime fans, Gatchaman, the OAVs got a release, um, Kashan got an
OAV release, um, Hurricane Polymer, uh, Tekkaman, all of those, I mean, these are names that
are known in a lot of the, the, uh, anime slash video game industry, I guess, or, you
know, fan base.
I'll give you that.
I mean, this is definitely is catered to the anime convention going crowd, but there's
a damn lot of anime convention going people, you know what I mean?
And there's enough people that would take interest in a game like this.
Do you see this evil book?
Um, Amano.
I have the giant book of Amano.
He did the character designs for Gatchaman and a lot of the early Tachinoko characters.
So I'll find it and put the picture up.
All right.
Sounds good.
Oh, here we go.
I opened right to it.
What'd you open to?
What are you showing me?
Oh, those are, those are pretty.
Oh, some of the characters.
I see.
Here.
Oh, okay.
Very cool.
This makes for great radio, by the way.
Can I just point out?
Okay.
Very cool.
Take a picture.
I'm gonna put a picture up.
All right.
Meanwhile, Loki, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Yes.
There's a new Xbox Live Arcade game going to be coming out March 2010.
It's called Scourge Project, and it's a third person shooter game.
It will be coming out on Steam, Xbox Live Arcade, and the PlayStation Network.
And what's kind of notable about it is it actually looks really good.
And it's being powered by the Unreal 3 engine.
It's kind of a co-op shooter game where they've got four different storylines with each player,
you know, being able to, in the team, you can play as four different players, and then
you can have a unique perspective on the story with each player that you play as.
And they've also got online deathmatch for up to 16 players as well.
And I don't know, it looks pretty awesome.
Really high quality for even, like, an Xbox Live Arcade game.
You know, kind of almost something that I would expect from a console, just a standard
disc release.
But something to definitely look forward to.
It was actually announced back in 2007, but I guess it took them this long to actually
get it finished.
But eh, whatever.
And like I said, it's scheduled to arrive March 2010, so it's going to be pretty awesome.
All right.
Well, something you can get much sooner than March 2010 is some more crap for your Xbox
Live avatar.
That's right.
If you love dressing up your virtual Barbie with, you know, spending nickels and dimes
here and there on new outfits and things like that, guess what you can get now very soon?
Animals!
Cute fuzzy widow animals!
That's right.
You can get a dog or a pug dog or a dog in a bag.
I'm assuming that's like a Paris Hilton dog.
Bag dog.
Yeah, bag dog.
You can get a cat, a Siamese cat, a long haired cat, or if you're not a cat or dog person,
you can get a goldfish, a guinea pig, monkey, bird, snake, or you can get a pony.
That's right.
If you've always wanted a pony, you can now have one for the low, low cost of 240 Microsoft
points.
In the real world, that's $3.
$3 for a virtual pet.
That's your thing.
Have fun.
What can I do with this virtual pet?
Um,
Or is it just going to be like a handbag, like, you know, I have the dog.
Well you can see a little picture of the avatar with the dog and I guess they, they pet it.
Um,
Can I have multiple animals?
The dog probably barks, but not really because I don't think the avatars make sound.
They should allow you to have multiple animals.
Like, I want to be a virtual cat woman in the game and have like 800 cats.
Did you just say you want to be a virtual cat woman?
Did I hear that correctly?
Cat lady.
Not cat woman as in like, you know.
Just hearing you talking about your dream of being a cat lady is kind of amusing to
me.
It's like an avatar because you like, you flip over and see what your friends are doing
and all of a sudden it's like, what the fuck is, is there a person under all those cats?
Oh, I want to see.
I see.
You don't want to be like Michelle Pfeiffer.
No, no, no.
God.
You want to be the lady that lives in the shoe that has 500 cats that you hear about.
What's in the shoe?
You hear about.
She has so many cats.
She didn't know what to do.
I've maybe combined a couple of things there, but she's the lady you see on the news that,
you know, she died in the house and all the cats like, you know, ate her and then, you
know, suddenly the SPCA doesn't know what to do with all these cats, so they're trying
to find home, homes for 500 cats.
500 human eating cats.
Exactly.
I can find a home for them.
Our prison system.
But they're adorable.
By the way, I just want to point out, people are actually going to spend money on this.
That's right.
People will spend $3 so that they can have a cutesy little pet.
Here's my problem.
It just goes to you.
I want to make a point.
This is very important.
This just proves my point, and I've said this before on the show.
This will make money because America loves cats.
But the cat they have is the Siamese cat.
That's unacceptable.
There's more.
There's other cats, too.
No, there's just the Siamese cat.
There's the long-haired cat.
Oh, well, I don't have a long-haired cat.
I want a cat that looks like my cat.
I have Shermie that sheds enough for 50 cats.
By the way, the Final Fight Guy pictures are up at the Orange Zones Radio Gallery.
I want a guy cat that wears an orange jumpsuit and karate kicks intruders.
That's what I want.
That I might pay $3 for.
Whatever.
It's your money.
Spend it on whatever makes you happy.
That's what I say.
Hey, now's the part of the show that we're going to get to the mailbag, and we're going
to open up the old mailbag and see what's in there and read some emails.
Although, I don't know if we...
At last, I went in there before the show started.
We didn't have a damn thing.
We got two things, Rob.
Woo!
Jack and shit.
Oh, I thought we actually had an email.
Nope.
Well, part of that probably has to do with the fact that we didn't get a show last week
up because of internal problems, so big whoops.
This will serve as a reminder, though, that you can always email our show mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Funny how that works, that sometimes we get like 100 Twitters like we got tonight, and
then no emails.
And then some nights we'll have like 50 emails and no Twitters or something else.
All right, so we'll roll over.
And don't email us now.
It's going to do no good.
You missed your chance.
So we'll roll them over to next week.
So there you go.
But there's always time for ranting.
And usually right after the mailbag, we take a moment to rant about something, and this
week's no different.
We had the FUs of the Week.
We have a story tonight to inspire the FUs, just to get your ranting warmed up a little
bit.
And that is that a Florida father apparently was arrested and thrown in a slammer for getting
high, gaming all night long, and then falling asleep on his seven-month-old daughter, which
suffocated the poor thing to death.
His name, Emanuel Lawrence, 30.
And he finished a marathon game session at 6 a.m., and he laid her on the bed next to
him, rolled over, and dot, dot, dot.
I don't need to describe what else happened.
This makes me angry for two reasons.
One, I think it's pretty obvious he was an idiot.
Two, I'm seeing this on game blogs, and with all due respect to the lovely people that
work very hard on game blogs, this story has nothing to do with gaming, and it shouldn't
... This guy's an idiot.
That's the problem.
I mean, the fact that he was gaming all night long, he could have just been easily watching
movies or doing something else.
It has nothing to do with games, so don't run it on the game blogs, because it just
supports that notion that somehow it was connected to the games, when we all know it wasn't.
He was just a stupid, stupid head.
A stupid, stupid head.
And for that, he can go live with the 500 human-eating cats, for all I care.
Dark Soccer, your FUs of the Week, please.
FU to the wimpy California people.
It's just a little snow.
If you really don't... I'm excited.
I'm not really excited either.
I actually feel really indifferent about the whole thing.
I'm just like... Well, I suppose it's novel, but at the same time, I'm like, dude, if you're
afraid of people on the road, don't go out.
If you have to go to work, drive safely.
Stick to the slow lane.
I'm going to call in snow to work tomorrow.
Well, they also sent us that warning.
And by the way, thank you for sending me the warning while I'm in the middle of doing really
good stitches.
And also, fuck this hat.
Hi, husband!
Low-key, your FUs of the Week, please.
My husband just arrived.
Um, FU to people trying to sell me shit at my house.
I hate hearing the doorbell ring and going to the door and not recognizing the person.
I always assume that maybe it's a kid that threw a ball into our backyard or something
like that, and the dumb me answers the door, and it's always someone trying to sell shit
or someone that wants cams for me to donate to them for shit.
I don't have your fucking... Are you sure you don't want a subscription to the SACB?
No, I don't want a subscription.
Because if you don't subscribe, I'm going to die.
You're like, well, you... I'm not going to be able to go on my trip.
I'm going to get my $1,000 scholarship, I'm going to be stupid!
I don't give a fuck.
You're an idiot already if you think that you're going to get a $1,000 scholarship from
the SACB for walking door-to-door to sell their fucking subscription.
You're an idiot.
Maybe you should have been smarter in the first place, and you wouldn't have to walk
door-to-door selling subscriptions to newspapers and said you'd be earning a scholarship from,
I don't know, someone that celebrates academic excellence.
You're an idiot.
And I don't want your fucking SACB subscriptions.
I don't care how you give them to me.
Get the fuck out!
Uh, I'm, I'm, I'm in a pretty good mood today, so I don't really have a lot of FUs.
I guess FU to traffic.
Like people driving to San Francisco don't know what they're doing and need to stop.
Get off my bridge.
FU, FU to the S-curve on the bridge, too, for slowing everything down.
Well, you know, a lot of people, a lot of trucks have been running off of it.
Did you hear about that?
Yeah, I've heard about that.
Then drive carefully, but don't, you know, it's just, it's not that that slows things
down.
It's people cutting in and out of lanes.
That's what slows things down.
I agree.
That shit needs to be illegal at a certain point.
And like they need to do the thing where they put the bumps in the road that are so high,
you can't cross them.
And Kate, unless it's like a real emergency or something, you know, it's just ridiculous.
And they should have a way that if you do happen to be stupid enough to drive off the
edge that you die.
There should be grinders and explosions at the bottom of the hill.
And most importantly, human-eating cats living in the bay.
That's what they did at Alcatraz, actually.
That's how people didn't escape Alcatraz.
They had human-eating cats in the water.
Cat sharks.
That's right.
Cat sharks.
True story.
Look it up.
That's right.
It's on Wikipedia.
Quick, put it on Wikipedia.
We've got some good stories for you guys and then we're going to get to your stories on
our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, some Skype stories.
Some Skype stories?
What the hell?
The Skype line, then some last stories before we get to the Skype line.
Say what?
I'm dyslexic today.
It's crazy.
I'm putting up the last of the Amano pictures right now.
So they should be up.
Run.
Go look.
Quick.
Well, if you're in Japan, there's definitely your share of adult games available out there.
And yes, one of these adult games, which features women with extremely large breasts, very unnaturally
large breasts, but more power to them for that, and comes from Willowsoft.
Well, this game you can also get with a collector's edition that's bundled with a special manga,
an audio CD, and a personal assistant.
No, that's not a person that takes down notation for you and brings you coffee.
It is a pocket pussy.
It is a rubber thing that you put your penis in.
A fleshlight, basically?
Without the fleshlight.
No, no.
They're called ona cups.
As in woman cup.
Wow.
Just go to Jlist and look at all this stuff.
I seriously sell all this stuff.
I really don't need to.
I just don't.
They have commercials for them.
It's hilarious.
My life will be fine without it, actually.
I think it's funny looking at the commercials.
And it will be released during Christmas on the 25th.
Just in time for the holidays.
Just what I always wanted.
A pocket pussy to take with me.
I did love, though, you gotta share the artwork for the game with our chatters, because I
love the unnaturally large breasts that the women had.
They were larger than Springer Large, like Jerry Springer's show, when he has the women
with the unnaturally large titties.
That's gonna cause some back pain.
That's a Z cup.
That's some back pain.
I can't believe she doesn't walk over with a hunch.
I mean, that is just amazing.
That is some serious, seriously large boobies there.
Hey, and you know, and I kinda laugh at some of the stuff that I've seen, you know, like
they've got the booby pillows or the booby mouse pads and stuff like that, but that's
just a little much, I mean.
Sorry I'm laughing at a comment in chat.
Salacious Pop comments, I'd carry a pocket pussy with me, but only to give friends sudden
nose kisses.
Oh my god, if someone did that to me, I think I'd slap them.
Although the mental image is really funny.
Can you imagine walking up to someone, I kiss you!
Wow, their website is sure detailed.
What?
Oh, and I guess they have different ones depending on which woman that you want to, you know.
Oh well, whoopee!
Like different depths and widths and everything?
No, differently.
Are they all loose?
They're all different.
The women in this game, clearly.
They've got different patterns in there, see, you know, you've got the one chick there,
the blue, and it's got like, looks like nubs and ribs and then something else.
That looks like, okay, that looks like a diagram that you see in a geology book about what
it would look like if you drilled to the center of the earth.
That's what that looks like to me.
Oh, well you're drilling to the center of the earth, alright.
Shut up, you ass.
And then that one right there looks like a spine and a screw at the top there.
It does, it looks like an MRI picture.
And that one's got kind of like, you know, some sort of DNA helix thing going on there.
Wait a minute, is this radio really happening right now?
We're describing pocket pussies on our radio program?
You're right, that's not going to help our chat room, I gotta link this into the chat
room.
Yes you do.
The commercials, the commercials are hilarious.
No, thank you.
Well, you know, Rob, they do make vibrators.
Oh, it was funny, the other day we were watching and I, you know, this is the perfect use of
our PS3.
Oh, and then of course in the one that looks like they're underage of course is in there.
You gotta love that.
Yay.
No, there is like, they had like an interactive device or whatever that you would buy for
your PC that's 4.0 use or whatever, but it's interactive, you see, because it's synced
up with whatever's on the computer.
Technology, gotta love it.
Holy moly.
I just got a picture of Marissa and she said, were the boobies bigger than mine?
Not by much.
Not by much.
That's an impressive picture.
Marissa has the best rack ever.
That is an impressive picture.
I just want to, like, I am, I am completely secure in my homosexuality, okay?
I am 100% secure in my, my fagness, but I want to like bury my face in that.
Like, I can't explain it.
That's because you have something that's built into male DNA, whether you're gay or not,
that boobies are important.
Were you breastfed, Rob?
I know.
That could be part of it.
I don't know.
I do.
Quit trying to make it sound like it's like a psychological thing.
It's much more basic than that.
Yeah, it looks like they do have multiple box sets.
Rob, Rob, it's because boobies are fun.
The boobies are fun.
That's what it boils down to.
You guys are going to have to get her to post the link if you want to see it, because now
all the chat is like, link, link, link, link, please, please link, link, please.
And Marissa says gay man motorboat me all the time.
I tell you, if you post that link in chat, it's going to get really quiet and chat for
about the next five minutes.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys.
And then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, and we're going to travel
the world here a little bit and go to Brazil.
And it sounds like Brazil is following in the footsteps of some other places around
the world.
It's the home of a recently proposed bill coming from Senator Vladir Raup, and this
bill was recently passed by the Education Commission of the Brazilian Senate and is
now about to be voted on by the Committee of Constitution and Justice.
And what they're trying to do, they're trying to, quote, curb the manufacture, distribution,
importation, distribution, yes, it's in there twice, trading in custody, storage of the
video games that affect the customs and traditions of the people, their worship, creeds, religions
and symbols.
In other words, they're basically trying to eliminate video games in bad taste, which
could be violent video games and, you know, lots of things among that route.
You know what?
They've tried to do that many places and it never works.
Of course, Brazil isn't this country, but, you know, I just, it would be sad to hear
about that, so.
Just learn from, you can't stop freedom of expression.
I mean, as much as this, like, fleshlight pocket pussy thing is ridiculous, I love the
fact that it can be made.
You know what I mean?
The fact that it exists brings me lols.
So, all right.
Anyhow, we're going to go to the Skype line now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call, we're going to take some calls right now.
The Skype line is open for business, taking your calls.
In the meantime, some last-minute stories while we wait for the little delay there.
Loki, I don't know if you have anything to say.
I have one.
Oh, yes.
Dark Sakura.
Boobs are great.
The end.
And we're getting a call, so let's take the phone.
Hello.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator.
What's on your mind tonight?
Two things.
You know, first, so far, this episode has kind of been the best episode of OLR so far.
Well, thank you very much.
Is it because it's very porn-tastic tonight?
I'm sorry.
You know, with my ear infection, it's kind of hard to hear you.
Could you repeat that for me?
That's all right.
Is it because we're porn-tastic tonight?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, you know, not too sad.
You cover your what?
Boobs, vaginas, and bodily functions.
I mean, yeah, there's probably stuff for you.
Nothing, but you can't think of it off the top of my head.
The gay man in me is ashamed tonight.
I feel like I need to go blow someone after the show, but anyhow.
Well, yeah, to get to the main point of my call, yeah, I kind of wanted to touch on something
that you were mentioning towards the beginning of the show.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I mean, with the whole rumor of the PSP Go add-on, and it can relate to
the whole, you know, I don't know what you want to call it, flunkers in town, and the
motion controller for the PSP, you know, PS3 as well in the sense, it's probably a good
idea that the PSP add-on doesn't come out, simply because of one simple reason.
Traditionally speaking, add-ons, for instance, do really, really horrible in terms of sales
and whatnot.
Classic examples are the Sega CD, the 32X, and more recently, the 360 HD DVD add-on,
and the PlayStation 2's hard drive.
You know, that did loudly.
The simple reason for that is that, you know, add-ons, you know, kind of like, flunk through
the market a little bit, and game manufacturers can't rely on people buying these add-ons,
and therefore, you know, they tend to shy away from catering to these add-ons.
There's a lot of add-ons that don't do very well, because they're not very well supported.
They're made for, like, one game, and then that's it.
You know, you can go back through gaming's history, and there's just tons of stuff that
just wasn't very well supported.
The Super Scope 6, but some were also very good on the other side, because they got a
lot of support for them, like DDR mats did very well, because the games that, you know,
came out with them.
There was a ton of them, and, you know, folks got use out of them, and the guitar peripherals
do very well, too.
But don't forget, too, the biggest difference here, when you're talking about the PSP, and
what we're talking about at the beginning of the show, is that you're having an add-on
for something that should have been there in the first place.
It's ridiculous that, you know, you would get this add-on if you, what, just go buy
the PSP 3000 if you want a UMD.
It makes no sense at all.
Yeah.
Yeah, you definitely got a point there, in both cases, and also, you know, like you mentioned,
the DDR mats and Rock Band, Guitar Hero stuff, you know, does so well, but you gotta be reminded
that that kind of stuff is kind of being a minority, in a sense, and the companies that
put those stuff out are taking, like, a really, really major risk with that stuff.
And in terms of, like, Project Metal and Sony's motion controller, sure, I'm willing to bet
that there will be some early adopters that will probably get it for the novelty of it,
and probably wouldn't use that stuff for a while, up until the novelty wears off.
Well, you know what?
Peripherals?
I understand peripherals give sometimes developers, I think right now, a false sense of security
because DDR's done so well, because Guitar Hero's done so well, but I think Tony Hawk
at the right is gonna bring him right back to reminding folks that peripherals don't
always make the game, that's for sure, and especially the amount that folks spend on
it.
Yeah, true.
Yeah, the only reason the Wii remote did well is because, in a sense, Nintendo got it right
where they packed the stuff in.
Right, and that was the system.
Every single game has to support it, therefore there's plenty of games out there that support
it.
But it's very interesting, isn't it, that sometimes folks' complaints about the Wii
is that they should make some games that don't support it, you know, that don't overdo it
with the motion controls.
The Wii's been very interesting.
Very interesting.
Spaznator, I gotta wrap up and let you go here so we can get some more calls.
Do you have any other final thoughts for our listeners?
Uh, no, not that I can go.
Alright, well thank you.
Have a good one.
Yeah, thanks as always for the call, Spaznator, and I hope you were able to dig yourself out
of the snow that you get there, just like we'll have to dig ourselves out tomorrow morning.
Alright.
Alright.
Take care.
Um, we're gonna get some more calls, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio,
and we'll get to calls in just a moment.
I don't know if, uh, Loki had any last minute stories you wanted to do real quick?
Yeah, sure.
Um, Mirror's Edge is gonna be coming to the iPhone soon.
It's a little bit different than normal Mirror's Edge.
It's actually kind of more of a side-scroll game, but it's, uh, still 3D, and it looks
neat.
Uh, hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
It's Ranma one more time.
Hi, Ranma, what's on your mind?
Lucky you, getting through two weeks in a row.
Not too much.
Um, couple of quick things, I'll be on my merry little way, um, first thing is, I don't
know if you saw, but I had made a retweet about President Katz coming to the US.
Uh huh.
Did you see that?
No, wait, like, for real?
Well, someone on Twitter goes, going by the name of smap454, his name is Matt Cox, made
a tweet to Ranma Wee saying that President Katz coming to the US.
Uh huh.
And I retweeted it, but it just kind of fell right in the water, so I don't know if you
guys had heard about it.
When was it?
Was it today?
No, actually, this was about three days ago.
No, I didn't see it, I've been bad on keeping current on Twitter.
Would I see it on Ranma Wee's Twitter?
Yes, and I actually have, I actually have the Twitter, um, page up, I can put it in
the chat room, and even though it makes for great radio, it's Twitter.com slash smat454.
Well, wait, now they're saying President Katz, the revolution is coming to the US, that's
just, they're just talking about the, the, the fever, President Katz fever, I don't think
they mean a game.
Because, like, yeah, if you look at a couple tweets before that, they're saying President
Katz for the win, we need President Katz, I don't think they're talking about the actual
game.
I wish.
It's probably a listener to this program.
Probably so, but when it came across to my feed, I'm automatically, assuming, so I picked
up the rights to the game, it's coming over, you know?
I wish.
If these stories about the fact that it only sold 100 copies are true, maybe it won't happen,
but, you know, again, I gotta be careful, I don't want to make this the President Katz
show, but my point still stands, this game would sell if it came out here, and it will
sell much more than 100 copies.
I mean, hell, they made a sequel to We Cheer.
I know, right?
Like, get their, and muscle, hello, Muscle March.
End of argument.
Yeah, yeah, you, yeah, you got a valid point on that one, yeah.
Exactly.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, DJ Rama?
Something interesting.
Saturday, I called Best Buy, I had an issue about my TV set, but at the same time, my
360s acted kind of odd, so then I called them to see if I could get it replaced, which is
not a problem.
So I asked them another question, because it seems that another one of my coworkers,
he has a 360 with a two-year coverage by Best Buy, and they're refusing to take his 360
because it's the Red Ring of Death, so I asked them about that.
It seems that now, when you buy your Xbox 360 from Best Buy, you know you get the two-year
black type protection?
It does not cover the Red Ring of Death.
Now, if you already have the coverage, you're good, provided that you bought your console
before, I believe, September of 2008.
I'd actually, I want to say I've heard of this before, and it's because the Red Rings
are covered under Microsoft's warranty, and Best Buy don't want to have anything to do
with it anymore.
Well, it looks like I got lucky with my Red Ring.
Well, the thing is also, I mean, if there are anything like what we have to deal with,
Microsoft is telling us to tell our customers that they need to go through Microsoft to
get that system fixed.
So there's no point in returning it back to the place you bought it.
You need to go send it to Microsoft, because all they're going to end up doing is having
to send it back to Microsoft anyways, and really, it's the way you need to do it anyways.
True.
So the funny thing is, I mean, I used to work for them, and under this coverage, if someone
brought the console back, whatever console it was, Best Buy would still get the full
credit on it anyway, back from the manufacturer.
So that's the part that kind of threw me off for a long time.
Maybe I'm not anymore, though.
I don't know.
I don't think.
Strange.
All right, well, Rama, thank you so much for the call, and thanks for the heads up on Best
Buy, if folks didn't already know.
It's something to think about, especially this holiday season, as you're buying people
Xboxes.
The thing to think of possibly as a reason why they wouldn't take it back, too, is they
could just say, oh yeah, Red Ringed, and in reality, their console got banned.
Don't.
Yeah, because the thing is, they're supposed to pop open the consoles and test it out and
make sure Red Ringed or whatever, because that's what I did when I worked at Geeksfella,
so I brought back defective PS2s and Xboxes.
When I showed my 360 in the box, they took it, grabbed me another one off the shelf,
and I'm like, here you go.
And it was a slow day, too.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go, Rama, so we can get some more calls, but thank you
guys.
No problem.
Thank you so much, as always, for calling in, OK?
And upon you.
Have a good week.
Have a good week.
You too.
All right.
877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and that's the place to get in on the Skype
line if you have anything you want to talk about tonight on the program.
Other last minute stories we have, Logan?
Yeah, sure.
This is a PlayStation Network game that's going to be nearly 10 gigabytes in size, and
it's the PlayStation Network title Record of Argressed War, and apparently it's a strategy
RPG, and it's coming to North America by Axis Games localization.
One of the companies I said to send the President and Cat emails to, because they localize all
sorts of weird stuff, including this game that has apparently anime chicks seductively
eating sausages.
Oh, joy and rapture.
This picture here.
Too much porn tonight.
Yeah.
I mean, I know there's no such thing as too much porn, but tonight might be pushing the
limit.
I'm just saying.
I might have to put the explicit tag on tonight's show for once.
Anyhow, we got another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey, X-Link.
Hey, X-Link.
Hey, Lauren.
What are you talking about?
Clearly I'm smoking crack.
That means we're Orange Lounge Pornio.
X-Link, I'm sorry to make you wait there for a little bit, but what's in your mind?
Hey, no, no problem.
Not at all.
This has been a great show, everything from snow to boobs to flashlights.
To snowboob flashlights.
I know.
And food.
It's been an amazing night.
Well, I found a little bit of information, it was interesting.
I ran you about this before, and I told you to look this up.
I don't know if you did or not, but they were talking about Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep,
of course, is going to be hitting over in Japan on January 9th, but Jesse McCarthy on
his tweet back about November 30th put up a tweet and says, recording yet another Kingdom
Hearts game. All you gamers eat your heart out. Man, what a process, though. The first
recording was in 2005 for game one, which I think they said that actually the first
game came out in the U.S. in 2002, which then they said part two came out in 2005, but none
of the last, though, which they're talking about, hopefully that means that we will be
getting Birth by Sleep here come sometime maybe either middle of next year or possibly
the year after, so I'm definitely looking forward to that.
I'm kind of not surprised that, you know, it's making its way over here.
No, not at all, but I'm looking forward to it because it's going to add a lot of
information to the storyline, especially since it's supposed to be the prequel to what
all happened for the story, so. And it's supposedly rumors are claiming that it might
have, like, of course, all the games at the end have that little sneak peek of what's
going on. It supposedly could possibly have something for maybe, you know, part three.
So.
Let's hope. You know I'm all about the Kingdom Hearts part three, but it also makes
sense, you know, and I think this point got brought up a couple episodes ago is that that
team has been hard at work on Versus 13, which we've had very little information about,
so you know that that game is still heavy under development. I think once Versus 13
finally looks like it's nearing gold status and it's on its way out, which, honestly,
at this point, I don't think it's going to happen until 2011. I think we'll, I think
we'll have more. Because, you know, I think, here's my thought, actually, Versus 13, I
think is going to be a big thing at E3 2010 for Square. Because at that point, Final Fantasy
13, non-versus, the regular one, will be out. You know, now that we know the release date
for 13, it'll be out in Japan, it'll be out here in the U.S., that's done now. So,
I think Versus 13 will be big, and maybe they'll make a Kingdom Hearts announcement, but I
think that that's what's going to be their big thing at E3 this year, is finding more
on Versus.
I'm sorry, I don't mean to interrupt. I'm sorry. My prediction would be that the Kingdom
Hearts, and also there was, they've been showing teasers, especially over in Japan
for it, but the Parasite Eve, the third birthday, was also, been teased over in Japan, which,
of course, did very well. The first two did very well over here, I believe, in the U.S.
Yeah, surprising they never did a third one.
Well, they're supposed to, and it's supposed to be for PSP, and they already said that
it was going to come out, but there has been no release dates or anything of the, yeah,
they're just showing teasers, they had a little teaser, one or two teasers out for
that, but I'm hoping...
I still wish they'd translate the book.
I remember Parasite Eve, I remember a story that we covered on the show, like, it was
a while ago, probably about a year and a half ago, but I remember this has come up on the
show before. You know, it's, it's, it's being done, it's just, yeah, and I seem
to recall it was on the PSP, too, but it's a little weird that that's the direction
they're going with it, when they could do something, you know, epic on the PS3, but,
you know, whatever, or 360, whatever they want to do. I, I, I imagine that's something
they're going to pull out of their hat at E3. I'd be with you there.
I just, I'm just surprised to see what they will do. I mean, they're just going to try
to, you know, go for it, you know, so, if they do, that's great, if not, then...
So, alright, well, excellent, thank you so much for the call, and we're going to let
you go, so we can wrap up the show, but thank you so much, as always, and have a good night,
okay?
Of course, thanks.
Later.
See you.
That's going to do it for tonight's Skypline. Thank you so much to our callers tonight.
We really appreciate it. Sorry to those folks that didn't get through tonight, but it's
weird. Tonight's show's been moving very fast. We're actually probably going to end a little
bit earlier than usual, but you know what? It's also that time of year where the games
are out now, so there's not a whole lot of, you know, people are going to be sleeping
through December, and we'll get more game news come January, especially with all of
these postponements. I think first and second quarter 2010 are going to be very interesting.
First quarter is pretty interesting.
All these games that got delayed are finally going to come out. It's going to be very interesting.
But anyhow, we still have some last minute stories, right, Loki?
Yeah, and then, other than Mirror's Edge, there's also some other decent games coming
to the iPhone, including iPhone, the iPhone version of Ace Combat 11, or XI, I guess.
It's coming from Namco, of course. It looks pretty awesome. And they're also updating,
I guess, Guarders and Ghouls, no relation to Ghosts and Goblins.
I was going to say, that's what it sounds like. Is that like Ghosts and Goblins?
It's a zombie killing game, and it allows you, they're going to have GPS support now,
so you can move your iPhone around to turn your player in the game.
Deft wants to point out that's Ace Combat She, not XI, because Ace Combat 6 was the
last one, so they wouldn't jump right to XI.
Yeah, but you never. Okay, so She. And let's see, what else? So Serious Sam, the second
encounter, is also getting the HD treatment as well. And if I remember correctly, the
first one still hasn't come out yet, but still, that's kind of neat. So I'm assuming coming
to the same places as the first game, probably Steam, PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live
Arcade.
And then finally, Lips Party Classics will be coming out on the Xbox 360 in 2010, apparently
in the spring. It will feature 40 new tracks, including the Love Shack by the B-52s, Tub
Thumping by Chubba Wumba, I Will Survive by Gloria Gaynor, Rock and Roll All Night by
KISS, Wannabe by Spice Girls, I Think We're Alone Now by Tiffany, and YMCA by the Village
People. And of course, you know, your typical karaoke game.
And then finally, to kind of elaborate a little bit more on what the Record of Argos War was,
it's a game that had that soul breed function in there. Basically, you find these women
and you breed with them to create a new hero.
Okay.
I'm bringing it back around.
I see, yes.
I see.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
That's why she was seductively eating the sausage. It all makes sense now.
Dot dot dot.
That's all I've got.
All right. Anyhow, we're going to wrap up here at Orange Lawns Radio and say goodnight
and all that fun stuff. DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
My hands hurt.
Sorry to hear that.
Damn hat.
My hands don't hurt.
My final thought is, I want a taco. That's my final thought. I think that was my final
thought last week, but I again want a taco, just so you know. That's going to do it for
another episode of Orange Lawns Radio. Believe it or not, we're coming to a close. I know
it's a little early tonight, but like I said, it's a little bit of a slower news week. Not
as much to discuss as usual. Live listeners though, stay tuned because we have a little
extra something after the show as usual. For those of you guys listening on the podcast
though, that's going to do it. Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting our
program. We really appreciate it. Again, all we ask, we do this stuff for free, so please
tell two people about the show. I know especially ever since the launch of the Facebook page,
a lot of you guys have really been selling the show to your friends. We really appreciate
that and the word of mouth goes a very long way. Just want to let you guys know it's really
appreciated because we don't really have advertising dollars. We don't have a big magazine supporting
us. We're not on TV or anything fancy like that. Word of mouth is all we got, so we really
appreciate it. If you didn't like our program, that's okay. We don't hate you that much,
but do check out some of the other programs on AllGames.com, some other great independent
podcasts that talk about other things. If you don't like us because we don't talk enough
modern warfare, there's a show on there that talks much more about first person shooters
or whatever might be up your alley. So thank you guys, of course, as always, and we'll
do it all again next week. Except remember guys, next week, sadly, not live, but it will
be pre-taped. If we can pre-tape it live, stay tuned to the Twitter and the Facebook
for all that information. Meanwhile, that's going to do it for another additional Orange
Lounge Radio. Till next week, I'm Rob Roberts, she's DarkSakura, he's Loki, and we're out!
See you next week!
