Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight, December 13th, 2009, a retro-tastic Mega Man 10 is announced, LittleBigPlanet is about to get Captain Sackboy, and what famous video game has been adapted for the stage?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio. We are that program dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Of course, we tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, except this week. This week is kind of special. It's very special right now actually.
We're on take two of trying to tape live on Saturday. We're actually live the day before, and if you want to know why things are all kind of awkward this week, well, you can blame Lady Gaga. It's all Lady Gaga's fault.
No, I know people like to blame her for a lot of things, but I'm going to the concert in San Francisco tomorrow night, as mentioned a couple weeks back, and so it just works out because the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers, is here.
Hi.
And I think she said something about a pinball party that she's going to.
It's Dan's turn to host the pinball party.
I see.
So we'll be probably running away from it tomorrow night to go probably watch Star Trek with Becky.
I see.
We'll have a special guest next week though.
So it just seems to work out. Really, we have a special guest next week? Who's that? Who dat?
I'm wondering if I should spoil the surprise.
Oh, okay.
We are going to have Tiara.
Really? Is she going to be here next week?
Yes.
I'm very excited.
So am I.
Awesome, awesome. Also joining us tonight, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing fine.
Our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, if you want to join us.
Now, we're going to get into our gaming weeks pretty soon here.
But before we do that, I want to ask Loki, what the heck is this thing that you brought with you to the studio tonight?
It looks like kind of like a Game Boy Advance, like one of the mini ones they release later on, but it's a little bit bigger actually.
No, it's cooler than Game Boy Micro.
It's a Dingo Digital A320, also I think called like a Game King or something like that.
Of course, made in China.
And what it is, is it's a device that only runs emulators.
Well, emulators and I guess different homebrew applications.
I think it's based off Linux.
But you can actually run, you know, different emulators including CPS 1 and 2, which are the Capcom arcade games.
MVS, which is the Neo Geo arcade games.
NES, I want to say Mega Drive.
I think Game Boy Advance, those are all the default emulators that are actually in the system itself, but you can load more stuff on later on.
I was going to say it doesn't look like an Australian canine.
It doesn't look like it ate a baby either.
It did not eat a baby.
You can also tune in radio on it.
Can you listen to Orange Lounge Radio?
You can listen to podcasts because it plays MP3.
And it has Linux?
I think it's based off Linux. I'm not positive.
Actually, no. It's not based off Linux. You can install Linux on it.
I'm sure someone's put Linux on it.
If they can install Linux on a freaking toaster oven, they can install Linux on that thing.
You can install Linux on it. It's actually not based on Linux.
I thought it may have been because I know that GP2X, it's another homebrew device, you can do that.
And it also outputs the TV, so that's kind of cool.
That's pretty cool. Now how much did one of those suckers cost you?
Eighty bucks.
Wow, that's not bad. And where did you get it from?
eBay.
Okay.
Who makes them?
I don't remember the company's name.
Does it come from another country? Surely the legality of those things is questionable.
Well, there you go. All the good piracy stuff comes from China.
It's kind of cool though. It charges via USB. It takes mini SD cards, so I actually don't have a card for it.
But it has four gigs of internal memory you can store crap to, so that's kind of cool.
And you can put themes on it. In fact, I have a Legend of Zelda theme on mine.
Which, it's hard to see, Rob, but you'll have to take a look at it.
Alright, I'm looking at the, this is great radio, by the way.
Oh, okay. It kind of has like a crossbar thing going on, like a PSP.
Yeah, it's got like a crossbar thing going on there.
That's cool. I like that. That's pretty neat.
And Jamie is super gluing her fingers together, apparently.
What the hell is she doing over there? Is she doing arts and crafts during the show?
Like, I know last week she was crocheting. Now she's gluing.
Oh, and I forgot. The other thing you can do, it has a built-in microphone, so you can actually do dictation or whatever, record yourself.
That's kind of interesting. Alright, well.
There you go.
Hey guys, if you are listening to us live on this Saturday, you can join us in our chat room.
chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be.
Or if you're on the Game Surge Network on IRC, you just want to join Channel Pound Orange Lounge.
All one word, and that is our chat room.
We do use a different room than the all-games chatters.
I don't know why, we just always have. It's a history thing at this point.
Kind of tradition, I guess you could say.
Anyhow, we are going to get into How Was Your Gaming Week, somewhat shortly here.
If you're listening to us on Sunday, sorry that you're not able to interact with us live this week, but we will be back on Sunday the 19th.
That should be an interesting show, by the way, because I'm going to be running back from Disneyland that morning.
So I'm going to run right in here.
I'm going to need you to do the show next week, Loki. Just so you know.
Alright, super. Alright, anyhow.
Now that we're taking care of business live on air, let's get into our gaming weeks.
And if DarkSakura has unglued her fingers, I'm going to ask her how her gaming week was.
No, I've got glue all over my fingers still. I was fixing, my cell phone case broke.
And the little thing that clips it to my belt snapped off, so I just super glued it back on.
Because rubber cement clearly isn't working.
And now I've just super glued my fingers, so I'm going to have to go run and use some nail polish remover on them.
What about gaming?
I glued soap to my fingers.
Apparently she's too busy gluing her fingers together to play games.
So I played some World of Warcraft yesterday for like an hour.
You've got to level 10 now, huh?
I have a second character at 10 now. I have a character at 15.
Moving on up.
My goat girl.
She's a mage.
So now you get to spend talent points at 15. So are you fire, frost, or arcane?
No idea. Probably going to be fire because I like burning shit.
Yeah, fire's fun.
I'm also playing a hunter every so often. I play with Tiara.
And then I'm actually playing on another server just because people ask me to.
I'm playing a dark elf druid.
Dark elf? When did I say dark elf? It's not fucking D&D.
No, night elf.
It's okay. WoW ripped a lot off from D&D, so it works.
Now I'm going to go pour acetone on my fingers.
Alright, have fun.
Loki, how was your gaming week besides the dingo?
Besides the dingo? I actually played on my arcade cabinet a little bit because I finally got...
It's almost done. The front end's working now.
The problem is I have too many games listed on there because I have every single game that's been pretty much ever put on MAME on that cabinet.
It makes it really hard to find stuff, so I have to go back now and remove stuff off the list that I don't really want to play.
And that's going to be a process in itself.
Yeah, fun.
But I did play a little bit of... What did I play on there? I was testing it out.
Oh, just some random Neo Geo games and stuff. It works really well.
And then I've been playing Bayonetta. I finally broke out my Japanese 360 and that game is all sorts of awesome.
Totally reiterating what Rob said last week about the game. It's so over the top. Every single bit is over the top.
One of the main characters in the game gives Bayonetta some new guns because in the very beginning it's just these stupid little pistols or whatever.
But I love it because it's not quality, it's quantity and he starts throwing tons of pistols at her and it's just absolutely ridiculous.
Wait, is it dubbed in English?
It's all in English. The entire game is in English.
So you didn't play... I just played the demo, which was a selected stage from the game apparently, but you actually have the full Japanese one.
Yeah, I have the full game. It's absolutely all in English.
So it's just ridiculous.
Have you done the trick where she gets on the ground and starts shooting people with her feet with the guns in her heels?
Yeah.
You can do that or like the one where it zooms around her really fast and stuff, shooting different things. That's crazy.
But they also have these mini games or whatever. You earn these coins or whatever and they have a shooting gallery mini game that you earn items and stuff.
It's in between levels. I love the Joe Pesci type character. It's Joe Pesci but not Joe Pesci.
My favorite character in the game.
Just everything about the game is so over the top though. Seriously, it gives her new red pistols or whatever that are in the game.
And there's this sequence where the guy's mixing a drink and she's putting on the pistols in the most ridiculous over the top choreographed scene I've ever seen.
It's just really out there, but it's awesome.
This is definitely my most anticipated game of 2010, no question. This is going to be amazing.
I kind of want to come over and play the one that you have.
It wasn't even really on my radar, but man, after picking up and playing it, and I hate Devil May Cry. I hate it.
But this game is awesome.
This is totally one of those games I never thought I would like. Just looking at screenshots where you don't really see the game in motion.
I have a proposal for you then. Sometime in the next weeks or so, you should totally just bring it over and the three of us should just play through it.
Maybe tape it or something.
I have it in my car.
Do you really?
Yeah, I have it in my car. In fact, I have to order Pizza Hut pasta after the show, and since we're going to be wrapped up sooner than I thought.
We have to be done before 5 Pacific because I think the next All Games program is at 5.
So since we're going to be done before what I thought, we might have a chance to play it for a few minutes.
Hey, hey, alright. Might be something we do after the show. Too bad I don't have my video camera. Oh well, we'll figure something out.
That's alright. I'm trying to think of what else I play this week also. Still no Borderlands yet, but I'm hoping to break into that tomorrow night.
Unfortunately I got distracted by Bayonetta. And then of course more Grand Theft Auto because that's what we play every day.
It's really sad though, there's not a lot of people online playing Grand Theft Auto, at least not the Ballad of the Gay Tony multiplayer, man. There's times where we'll be playing ranked matches where we can't get more than 4 people in, and those 4 people are us.
It's so slow that we can get into the same ranked game easy now, but I don't know.
Talk to Dan at some point, because while he's off work I'm sure he'll play with you guys.
Sure. Alright, moving into my gaming week then. Not a whole lot of new stuff. I'm also trying to think of anything new I played this week and I'm drawing a blank, but just celebrating some old stuff.
In fact, one big thing I did this week that I will talk about is that you might have heard around the internet that there was a big fundraiser for Child's Play in the Bay Area.
In fact, we had SEG, one of the organizers on the show a couple weeks ago, UMLOUD, happen this Wednesday, and I actually trekked out over to the Bay Area to check it out.
It was cool. It was a fun little event. It wasn't super crowded, but it definitely wasn't a bad turnout.
It was tolerable, the amount of people in what is a much smaller club than you'd probably think if you're looking at some of those videos online of some of the bands.
Of course, the whole catch was that people would pay money to get up on stage and play rock band in a karaoke bar gone wild thing.
They had fog machines, professional lighting, and everything. They went out. They treated this like it was a normal concert for these bands that paid.
I think the ultimate band was $120 to get on stage, but it's a great, great charity, so it's kind of hard to say no to something like that.
In fact, I wanted to do it. I just didn't have, with Jamie and Loki not being able to go, I just didn't have enough people to do the band.
I completely forgot about it until I saw the tweet on it.
That was today, wasn't it?
That's alright. We still wouldn't have had enough people.
Some of the bands just really went all out, and you probably saw some of the pictures around the internet.
There was one band that had this chick dressed in blue that was wearing this outfit that was really over the top and awesome.
They had a band come out that was dressed up like Lego rock band. They actually had yellow buckets on their heads, and they put the little thingies.
You know how Lego has that little nub on the top of it? They actually had those as buckets and sang.
There's all these videos around the internet, and it was great.
I had a good time. I ran into some friends I haven't seen in a long time. A couple of my friends from high school were randomly there.
People from the DDR scene years ago that used to come on this program years and years ago, and we were exclusively about music games.
Like Wendell and Islander and some of these people that were big into freestyle and Perfect Attack and stuff were there, randomly.
Wendell had a band with his, I think it was his sister or niece and her friends or something. It was fun.
I think it was easy to do freestyle with them, too.
Yeah, it was cool.
They didn't have a lot set up as far as games because you just had the stage, which you had to pay to be on.
Or in the back, they had Beatles Rock Band, which actually had the new content.
But they had a lot of support from Harmonix. They had tons and tons of just loot.
You pay $10 to get in the door, which technically you don't have to do because it's a $10 suggested donation.
But since the whole thing is charity, if you don't pay $10, you're kind of a douche.
Unless you're a starving student or whatever, you know, the economy.
Then you don't need to go outside and you need to be studying.
But, you know, obviously I'm sure everybody paid their fair share, if not more, to get in.
And it all worked out to about $10 a person.
They actually gave you a little ticket.
Well, they gave you raffle tickets, which sadly we weren't able to stay long enough to get all the raffles.
So I don't know if we ever would have won the raffles. I don't think so.
But you also got a ticket to go to a loot table.
And it's like you got one free gift.
And they had all sorts of just random shit on these loot tables.
Like PlayStation 1 games, Super Nintendo games I saw on there, like a calendar for Bayonetta I was looking at.
Like a lot of those promo type things you would see at E3, like the types of E3 swag, all like dumped out on the table.
So I walked out of there with a plug and play Intellivision Part 2.
It's a little controller.
The second one they've released apparently with 10 Intellivision games I guarantee you've never heard of.
Well, except Jamie because she's crazy.
Yeah, I know.
But I walked out of there with that.
My friend who I went with, Alan, he walked out of there with a copy of Advance Force 2 for Game Boy Advance.
So just all this cool stuff on the loot table, it was kind of rad.
It was all donated to a great cause.
And then they had a silent auction going on, which I know they gave away a very limited edition,
signed like a Space Invaders thing of which I think only 180 exist.
I think that thing went for like several thousand dollars.
They gave away like a stuffed thing from Lost Planet.
I won one of the silent auctions.
I don't want to talk about it on the show because part of it's going to be a Christmas present for someone
and even though I don't think they listen, I just don't want to talk about it on the show.
And if you figure it out, please don't spread word out because it's somebody's Christmas present.
But I did win one of the auctions.
And you know what's funny?
Have you ever had the experience of reading on the internet on a forum,
like someone talking smack about you when they didn't know who you were?
Have you ever had that happen?
Like you read this story and someone's talking smack about a person they saw somewhere and it was you?
All the time.
Like I had that happen, okay?
And it's funny because Dark Tetsuya on our Twitter linked me to this story on Kotaku about Um Loud and kind of a wrap up.
And in the comments, get this, this guy named S.H. Dragon left a comment.
Other fun things.
I lost the blank auction because the guy I was bid warring against was camping the clipboard.
Boo. I can't believe that went for only $100.
Oh well, I didn't really have the money to spend anyway.
It's just kind of funny.
First off, I wasn't camping the clipboard.
We just happened to be sitting in that back corner right by where the silent auction was,
me and Alan and a couple of guys.
But I will admit, yeah, I was going to go up there at 1029 and make sure I was the highest bidder come 1030, of course.
Call it what you will.
It just means that you didn't really want it as badly as...
Yes, that's right, that's right.
It just means dude didn't want it as bad as I did.
And it worked out and actually I got it for $90, not $100.
And really it was a steal.
It was absolutely a steal and it should have gone for much more, especially for such a good cause.
However, $100 was about the most I was going to spend on this.
Because even though it's for a good cause, look, I got to live too and got money and everything.
So that was probably about the most I was going to bid on it.
And I'm in turn giving half of it to somebody else.
And I'll explain more about what that is after it gets given to the individual.
So yeah, that was my experience at UmLoud.
Overall, very good.
I wish I could have stayed for more of it.
I wish I could have got up on stage.
Next year. I have heard it is confirmed again for next year.
I'm not sure if it's the same venue or what have you.
But honestly, if you guys haven't already or didn't go this year,
and I didn't really run into a lot of OLR listeners,
definitely make plans to go next year because it was quite a bit of fun.
That's pretty much it for my gaming week.
I didn't play a whole lot of video games I haven't talked about on the show before otherwise.
DJ Hero, I played some more of this week.
I played that track pack, the David Guetta track pack.
I haven't played that yet. I downloaded it.
Sexy Bitch, or no, it's Sexy Chick, I think they renamed it.
And When Love Takes Over, which is weird because that's download pack.
The songs aren't mixed. It's just the one song, but they're like remixes of the song.
I'm sure that are available on a remix CD somewhere, I'm sure, or vinyl.
But it was cool. One of them has a crap ton of crossfading in it.
And I have to admit, I actually kind of like the songs.
So even though one of them had Dudes for the Black Eyed Peas,
which usually is one of those bands you're like,
they're so played out.
If I hear that goddamn song at the club one more time, I gotta feel it.
Like, oh my god, if I hear that at the club one more time, I'm gonna poke my eye out.
But I gotta admit, that one song is pretty cool.
Do it on camera so we can put it on YouTube.
Yeah, fine.
Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
Again, we're pre-taping. If you're just joining us on All Games Radio on Saturday,
that's because we're pre-taping, or pre-recording, whatever you want to call it.
We're doing a pre-thing for our Sunday, the 13th.
This will rebroadcast again on Sunday.
If you're listening live on Sunday, sorry we are not live,
but we do hope you'll send us an email or a tweet or something
to tell us what you thought about tonight's show.
And of course, the podcasters, well, you're used to getting this on the feed anyway.
Also, join our Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio,
or our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
We always post little updates, especially if there is gonna be weird things
like pre-recorded shows and all that stuff going on.
All right, gaming news.
Believe it or not, even though we're only a couple weeks out before Christmas,
there's been quite a little bit of it, so let's get into some gaming news.
Oh, Loki. Loki wants to do this during housekeeping tonight.
Just real quick.
All right, Loki has brought Christmas presents, or Hanukkah presents,
I suppose, if you will, at an appropriate time.
I had to bring him over because the cat was starting to eye him up
because she likes ribbons and paper and stuff,
and she'll start ripping into it.
And don't I feel like a douchebag because Loki's brought this so early
and I don't have his present here.
I don't do my shopping until Christmas Eve.
I do my shopping all this week.
I do my shopping afterwards so I get it all on sale.
Ladies first, Dark Sakura, you can open your gift.
This is great radio.
Surely the wife must have done this.
The wife did the wrapping.
There's no way Loki did this wrapping himself.
I did no wrapping of that.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandradi.com,
ToaGak says, if you ever lose an episode of OLR,
I'm archiving the live editions for you.
What did you get?
Return to Labyrinth manga. That's awesome.
Sweet.
Oh my god, that's super cool.
I'm gonna read the hell out of this.
That's great.
And dude, it's like...
You gotta open the big one first.
I gotta open the big one first before the little one.
Okay, you got it. So I'm gonna open the big one first.
This is a big...
What a big package you have, Loki.
That's your package, Rob.
Oh, sorry. Well, you gave me your package.
FC... Oh my god.
Oh, what a cool...
Oh my god, rad!
Dude, it's an FC Mobile.
Yes!
Oh, Loki, you're the best. That's awesome.
Look at that. It's like a portable Nintendo.
Those are fun.
You have one of these too, right?
Yes, I do.
Oh my god, awesome.
You can plug it into your TV and the light gun's a wireless light gun.
Yeah, the controllers are wireless and the light gun's wireless.
Holy fucking crap, I'm so excited.
Dude, I'm gonna play this right away.
Oh my god, this must be a game over here in the gold.
And I got you batteries.
Oh, sweet, okay. Cool, cool.
I didn't wrap the batteries.
I can only guess what game this is.
I bet you could.
Fuck yeah, Guardian Legend, motherfucker!
There you go, batteries.
Oh my god, awesome.
Hold on, this is great right here.
Awesome, Loki, you're the best.
Take the Guardian Legends wherever you go.
Darkstalkers gonna put these on the website or on the Twitter?
On the website.
Batteries fell, but here you go.
Taking a picture live there.
There's my FC Mobile and copy of Guardian Legend.
Did you get that?
Yep.
Alright, cool. Very cool.
I'm taking a picture of my mom.
Kitsune's asking, where's our presents?
Dude, I'm not that rich.
I can't buy everybody gifts.
We've been taping this show for free for the past seven years.
We don't run ads or nothing.
I didn't even know these came out, so this is like super cool.
That's awesome.
I don't even know how I found those.
I don't even remember what I was looking for,
but I somehow came across them like, hey.
No, yeah. Oh my god, if I had found those, I would have bought a fort too.
You remember what the movie's called?
It's, you know, Labyrinth guest star David Bowie's package.
And I'm sorry, this is prettier than David Bowie has ever been,
and David Bowie is pretty.
Alright. Well, now that I'm in a super duper happy mood,
part of me wants to turn this on during the break or something.
I want to get this up and going.
Dude, FC Mobile, yeah.
I'm gonna go out and buy NES games like crazy.
Anyhow, now, this, I can support portable gaming with this.
Do you really?
I can support portable games with this.
The hell with the DS and the PSP.
I got an FC Mobile, y'all.
Alright, getting into some gaming news tonight.
Loki, start us off.
So you may remember that a little bit ago, no doubt,
and I believe Courtney Love tried suing Activision for the likenesses
of Kurt Cobain and, of course, No Doubt in Band Hero more recently.
However, Activision has responded to No Doubt's claim by counter-suing them.
Basically, they're made in responses that the band requests
that their likenesses be limited to performing only the band's own songs in game
was made, however, it was requested only after the band hero programming was finalized.
Activision is basically seeking an unspecified amount for damages and interest from the band,
as well as court and attorney fees and return of all payment dispersed to the band for their involvement.
So basically, they want their money back for their involvement in the game.
This is a gigantic bitch-slap to one of the biggest bands of the last few years.
For me, I think this is kind of retarded that Activision is doing.
I mean, I understand that they had an agreement in place,
and apparently somebody didn't read the contract close enough or whatever,
and so they want their money back, or they want the patch to this game,
but they can't, at least they can on Wii and PlayStation 2 and that kind of stuff.
But at the same time, now I'm wondering if this is going to prevent them from having other bands in the game going forward.
I have a theory about this.
I think that the logic behind this would be,
well, we counter-sue you to where if we've got to make all this content change,
then we want our money back, blah, blah, blah.
I think it's actually going to end up in some kind of closed-doors deal.
I'm sure it will, but they can't make the content change.
I mean, you can't just, and I've seen this going around on Twitter,
is that why don't they just patch it in?
Well, you can't patch to the Wii.
They have no system of patching on the Wii, and you can't patch to the PS2.
So you would have games, the damage is done, period.
You can't go back and fix it.
And you would have people complaining, hey, you're removing content from the game.
What the hell?
Well, maybe I want, no doubt, to sing some stupid song, because it's funny, and I enjoy that.
And you're removing that ability for a game that I paid for.
To me, the counter-suit just seems like a, we fucking mean it, kind of thing.
Like, you guys are wrong, and we fucking mean it.
To me, this seems like they want to recoup their legal fees.
That's it. I don't think they honestly would expect to win the whole thing,
but I would think it's just legal fees that they see this as a, quote, unquote, frivolous lawsuit.
And I do see them winning this, actually, because the reason why is,
if they have them sign to a contract that agrees, you know, that their likenesses can be used in this fashion,
there's not really much they can do.
They can bitch and moan about it, saying, well, I didn't realize it was going to be this.
Well, maybe you should have fucking read the contract closer then.
You know, same with the whole Kurt Cobain thing.
Yeah, it's tragic, but maybe you shouldn't have, I don't know, first off, licensed his, you know, likeness to be in the game,
and maybe you should have read your contract.
Well, my thought is, though, maybe they were shady about it,
and that's the only way I could see, no doubt, winning this thing, hands down,
is that if they were shady, like if they were able to prove that Activision kind of lied to them about it,
like, you know, and I think when this topic first came up with the Courtney Love thing a few months ago,
where it kind of started this whole thing, I think I kind of said this then,
and that is that, you know, when they showed this to Courtney Love,
or when they showed this to No Doubt, they probably didn't show them all this other stuff,
because of course they're not going to like that.
They wanted to show people having a good time, no doubt, singing No Doubt songs.
You're not going to win No Doubt over by showing them in the band playing Taylor Swift songs.
That's not going to be how you get them to sign on the dotted line,
and it's not like the band is going to take the time to sit down for four hours and play this game extensively.
Maybe that's the real problem before they sign on the dotted line.
Maybe somebody from their band should have played through the thing,
or kind of known what was going to happen based off of characters previously in Guitar Hero 3, right?
Because we had Slash and stuff in Guitar Hero 3.
I just think, I mean, you know, the only thing it's going to do is,
I think, hurt their chances now to have these people in their games next time.
That's true, yeah.
But the thing is, though, the majority of the artists in the game,
I mean, they're not the only ones that were in the game, aren't really bitching about it.
I mean, I don't think they really care.
It's only No Doubt.
I could, you know what, to be fair, I mean, I'm a fan of No Doubt.
Do I think they're overreacting? Yeah, a little bit.
But I gotta be honest, I would be a little pissed off, too,
if I didn't know that this was going to happen.
And if you had me in a video game singing a fucking Taylor Swift song,
oh my god, that bitch was like nails on a chalkboard to me.
I would not want to be associated with that, personally.
So I would be mad if I was an artist, you know, like that.
But at the same time, I would have to realize that,
oh, fuck, I should have maybe thought about that before I agreed to be in this video game.
But I think you're right, I think this is going to really screw their chances in the future
of being able to land some really big names, because, you know, No Doubt,
they got friends, so does Courtney Love, believe it or not.
She got friends, and, you know, bands are going to think twice.
And maybe they'll think twice, and they'll also realize that,
hey, you know, this is what's going to happen if you get involved with Activision.
You know, they'll see based on this, you know, if that's something they don't want,
then they won't get involved. Or they'll just, for the next one,
they'll just lock it so that these characters can only sing their songs or something like that.
Regardless of how this all goes down, I would really like to see it settled on Judge Judy, personally.
I would like to see Judge Judy settle this whole thing,
because, tell you what, if you ever watch that show, awesome.
And I'd like to just see her yell at the people from Activision,
Don't talk when I'm not talking to you!
Anyhow, chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
Moving on to completely different news, and quickly.
Mega Man X has been announced. Mega Man X, I think a lot of us kind of saw this coming.
Mega Man 9 was obviously very well received.
So Mega Man X is coming out, not to be confused with Mega Man X.
So this is actually Mega Man X, not a roman numeral or anything, or a completely different series as X was.
Mega Man X is on its way, and it's coming out for WiiWare.
At least that's all that's announced right now.
But I wouldn't take that to mean that it's not coming out for 360 and PS3,
because Capcom likes to multi-platform their stuff.
But Nintendo Power is getting the first announcement on this.
Of course they're not going to tell you it's available on 360 and PS3.
Wait, didn't it come out on WiiWare first before with 9?
Or was that when there was a slight delay or something like that?
It's probably going to be on all platforms.
It was probably like a weak delay or something like that.
It'll be on all platforms.
So Mega Man X has been announced. It's coming out. It's retro-tastic again.
The whole NES style.
And one of the new bosses has been announced.
Sheep Man!
Yes, I'm not joking. Sheep Man. There's even some artwork out there.
It just looks kind of funny.
Anyhow, also there's supposed to be Proto Man as a playable character again.
And there will be a third mystery character.
It better be Forte.
It could be a variety of things. It could be Roll. Who knows?
Maybe it's Dr. Wily in a strange twist.
Because apparently Dr. Wily is not the villain this time.
Although, come on. Dr. Wily is always the villain at the end of the day.
It was Dr. Cossack, though.
Did you notice in that little screenshot there that they have the dragon shooting guns out of its nipples?
Which is kind of disturbing.
Ew, that is a little strange.
Well, that's just the awkward artwork that Capcom has learned to embrace.
They're terrible, terrible box art for Mega Man 1 and 2.
There will be dragons with nipple guns. I see it now.
Nipple Man!
That would... It should be Nipple Woman.
Sadly, I don't see that happening. I think this is supposed to be a friendly family game going on.
But, Sheep Man, that's...
If we have Sheep Man, we should have Cock Man.
What would be Sheep Man's weapon?
Like, a wooly gun? I don't know what it is.
A sleep gun.
Allergies! The allergy blaster.
The allergy blaster.
Like, he shoots at Mega Man and Mega Man gets a rash.
Also supposed to be in the game an easy mode.
Which, for those folks that were struggling a little bit in Mega Man 9,
I'm sure an easy mode will be welcomed for the game.
Including me, I'm sorry.
Mega Man 9, I think I got past like three bosses and that's as far as I could get.
So, yeah.
I would like to see Mega Man a little bit easier.
Just a little bit for us wussies.
Mega Man 2 kind of had an easy mode.
Or as it was called in America, normal mode.
Anyhow.
Dark Sakura, what do you got for us tonight?
Well, it's a particular, actually, it's a bit of fine culture, Rob.
A bit of fine culture.
It's a stage production, actually.
Oh, awesome.
So, culture.
Is it like the fabulous news I found out last night that Sister Act, the movie,
is being adapted for Broadway next year?
I thought it had already been done.
It had been done. It's in London right now.
And it's going to be on Broadway next year.
They did Xanadu.
I know. It did pretty well, actually.
I think it finally closed, but it did very well.
Well, this is about another fine stage production,
but actually it's being done in Sweden.
It's a Silent Hill stage production.
Okay.
So, imagine you step out onto the, you know, the curtain pulls back,
and you see a man wandering around wearing a car suit,
swerving off the road, and then getting out of the car suit to go chase
a 30-year-old dressed as a 5-year-old girl.
And the production takes like 50 fog machines.
Yeah, 50 fog machines.
So, but yeah, really.
But they're going to be posting the whole play on YouTube.
Nice.
So, keep an eye out for that.
It's done by a bunch of fans.
I would say that this play would get shut down immediately
for copyright infringement issues.
Oh, it's based on Silent Hill 2.
But, seeing as this is in another country,
I don't know if that's as easy to do.
Plus, I mean, I don't know.
If I were Konami, I'd be kind of flattered.
Like, I wouldn't want to shut it down.
I think if I were Konami, I'd be like,
oh shit, how are they going to pull this off?
One of my friends on LiveJournal, they did like a Star Wars play.
They did a play out of Star Wars, the movie,
and I think they were afraid they were going to get shut down.
But it turned out, like, Lucas embraced it,
and it ended up being, like, officially endorsed by them.
I have a theory about George Lucas, Rob.
What's that?
I think he really just likes pissing people off.
No, this is a good thing. It was impressive.
But I think that he likes doing the things that no one expects him to do.
I see.
Which is, you know, I was like, oh, so this is what you think happens to the story.
Well, I'm changing it!
And then I'm going to put in a character that annoys you all.
So this is who you thought shot first.
Well, you was wrong.
That's okay, Joss Whedon is my Lord and Master now.
Anyhow, Silent Hill the play, yes or no?
Well, I would love to watch it, except the whole thing is going to be in Swedish.
Which, you know what this means. We need Aki Ripper to go out and observe the play for us.
Aki Ripper, you are now our theater reviewer?
Congratulations, you just promoted to OLR.
He's not even listening right now, I'm sure, because we're on it at a completely different time.
But, you know, if you're listening on Sunday, Aki Ripper, you are now our official Broadway correspondent.
This counts for Swedish Broadway.
Rob, MXT, by the way, going back to the Mega Man story.
Oh yeah. So according to Wiki, so Sheep Man's weapon, according to Wikipedia, is thunder wool.
Thank you, chatters, chat.orangelaundry.com.
Thunder wool.
Was it just using static?
Do you just rub the wool against your body a whole lot and generate the static?
Aki Ripper isn't chat!
Is he? Oh!
You are now our theater correspondent.
Oh, Aki Ripper's here. Congratulations, Aki Ripper, you've been promoted. Now go see the Silent Hill play.
Thunder wool.
Thunder wool. It's probably playing on the complete other side of Sweden. It's like hours and hours away from where Aki Ripper's at.
Well, how long does it take to get across Sweden?
I don't know. By foot or by car or by plane.
It depends, I guess, which direction you're going to.
I'm going to be the ignorant American and say, Sweden's not that big. Come on.
Well, keep in mind...
I think it's about the size of California. I don't think it's much bigger than California.
Yeah, keep in mind, our states are technically little small countries. We just happen to be under one big federation.
Sort of like, I guess, the European Union without having to...
Or like Star Trek.
Yes, Rob. Someone linked me to a Star Trek menorah, by the way, that someone made out of action figures and LED lights.
Beautiful.
Aki Ripper says he's 14 hours away from where he is.
That's not that far. Get on a plane.
We'll send you gas money.
Get on a plane.
Loki, what do you have for us?
Wait, before you get there.
Fine, if Aki Ripper is going to boohoo about 14 hours away, even though he's closer than any of the rest of us,
then we need a Swede who's listening to the show who can go, who lives next door to this.
Maybe that was answering if it was 14 hours to get from one end of the country to the other.
Oh.
I don't know. I give up.
Or by sheep.
We'll just wait for the damn thing to get on YouTube.
It's like Dark Tetsuya said no, by sheep.
By Thunderwool Airlines.
Thunderwool! Thunderwool!
This Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!
Live at the Monster Truck Rally, see the big trucks take on Thunderwool!
Under 18, not emitted. Without parental consent.
Brain hurt. I need another cookie.
Loki, we need another story.
Aren't these cookies epic?
Those cookies are epic. They have little crushed candy canes in them.
They're Oreos, but with candy canes in them.
They're the Trader Joe's version of Oreos, but they're called Candy Cane Jojos.
Aw, and you thought we forgot Orange Lounge Fudio tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
So, remember that story that we talked about, the PSP Minis being playable on the PS3, how it was a rumor and everything?
Well, this week, update 3.15 came out, allowing you to play PSP Minis on your PS3.
So, hooray!
You know, if you were very envious of your PSP Minis, and you possibly didn't own a PSP, well, now you can play them on your PS3.
And the best part about that is, too, that one purchase of the PSP Mini obviously will allow you to play it both on the PS3 and on the PSP.
And you'll also be able to connect the two systems via LAN to transfer data from one system to the next.
So that's kind of neat.
Oh, that was the other add-on from 3.15. It'll allow you to transfer data. In case you bought a new PS3 system when they slimmed down a bit, you can actually transfer data from one to the other using an ethernet cable.
By the way, did you hear about that not all the games will work right away?
Because I was kind of excited about this. I was like, oh, cool! I really like the idea of something I can play on my PSP I can also play on the PS3.
You know, I kind of like that idea. Like the PS1 games, you can kind of already do that with, but I like the idea of newer games.
Of course, then when I looked at what Minis were available, I was kind of like, none of this sounds interesting to me without having seen the demo or anything.
But did you hear, most of them don't work right now. They're going to have to patch it in later, even though they did this big upgrade.
Well, here's what I want to know. If you're able to play these PSP Minis on your PS3, is that going to lead way to playing PSP games on your PS3?
And then we won't need the PSP anymore? You can just buy your game and play the systems?
I would like that. I don't know if that's something they would do.
They could.
I guess they could. Oh man, could you imagine the game library, how much that would expand? Actually, there are a lot of things on PSP I would be very excited to play on my television, but of course that's why they have video out.
Well, can you imagine? That would be a good selling point for the PSP Go, I would think. If you had, you know, you could download it on your PSP Go and transfer it to your PS3 and play it both places or whatever and take it on the road with you or something.
I don't know, but it'd be a good idea. It's the next step to getting to the PlayStation 2 on the PS3.
I don't know, chatters, what do you think? chat.orangelandsradio.com, do you think that having PSP games playable on the PS3 is a good idea for Sony, if it was technically possible? Let's assume that it's technically possible.
I don't know, do you remember the early, early rumors of the PlayStation 3 and some of the trademarks actually showed a UMD drive on the PS3? Do you remember that?
I remember that vaguely, years and years ago, before this thing came out. Some of the early trademarks, I think we reported on the show, had a UMD drive in it.
So maybe this is something they were thinking of at one time.
Maybe.
Maybe neat.
Alright, well one game that isn't on the PS3, well it is on the PS3, but the PS3 game is amazing, is LittleBigPlanet.
This game has kind of gotten coverage a lot in the past few weeks on our show, which is amazing for a game that's been out a year, again continuing to be supported.
One way that is continuing is through an alliance with Disney for Pirates of the Caribbean content to be added to LittleBigPlanet.
LittleBigPlanet, that's right, you will soon get to play Captain Sack, who looks a lot like Captain Jack Sparrow.
And I gotta say, he is adorable looking, if you see the little Sackboy with the Captain Jack outfit on, he's awesome.
And this is really in line with the fact that they have already announced that water is going to be the next big thing they add in LittleBigPlanet.
Because you know, the last big mechanic they added was a year ago in the Metal Gear Solid content, they added the gun, the paint gun, and that changed the way you build levels.
Well now they're going to have water, the Sackboys can swim in water, that's going to be huge for developmental levels, and whole new ideas will be there.
But of course, this is a great tie-in to have water-based content, because obviously, Pirates of the Caribbean, they sail on water.
This is all supposed to come out, by the way, the rumor is, all of this is hitting before Christmas, which would mean probably next week, if this is true.
Keep in mind, LittleBigPlanet has not had any major expansion like this, I mean, granted they've kept the game fresh with the levels, the costumes, and some of those things, the stickers and somewhat,
but this is the first major game-changing thing they've done since the Metal Gear Solid content.
And I think it's awesome, I will probably buy it, and I haven't played LittleBigPlanet in quite some time, so this is something that I guess you could say could get me back, I don't know.
So, hey, going into our chatroom, chat.orangelandradio.com, some of the comments from my earlier question about, do you think PSP games should be on the PS3?
ToaGak says, only if they give us our fucking UMD drive back. Well, technically they never took it away. The PSP 3000 still being made, still being sold, yes?
And much better than the PSP Go.
AlphaKananagram says, sure, why not? PS1 games are allowed on PS3 and they look shitty, so why not PSP games? Well, now hold on, the PS1 games only look shitty because you're spoiled.
And those games were made for a different time when we didn't have HD TVs, even though I'm only talking like 10 years ago, technology was different back then.
We're all spoiled now. They look shitty because we have better TVs, right?
Yeah. Let's see, BowerCTU says it's no different than the Super Game Boy. I guess that's true, you know, we put Game Boys on our TVs a long time ago.
Let's see, also going into the LittleBigPlanet story, AlphaKananagram says, Sky, also, you heard that the water expansion pack for LittleBigPlanet may be coming soon due to a leak in update trophies.
Yeah, I honestly think these two are probably tied together, and it's like, just like the Metal Gear Solid brought us the gun, pirates will probably bring us the water. That's my thought.
And one other thing from chat, Tigerclaw says, who knows, perhaps Sony is secretly working on a PSP 4000, which will probably be a hybrid of the Go or something.
You never know what Sony might be doing. I don't know so much about another PSP revision, I think honestly the next thing we're going to get is like a PSP 2, but I've been wrong before, who knows.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, what's up next for us?
Stuff.
And such?
Yeah, there's actually been an announcement by SNK for some Xbox Live Arcade games. We actually have Metal Slug 7 isn't coming out, but Metal Slug XX or maybe XX is, you know, the PSP remixed version of the DS one is going to be coming out in 2010 instead.
And as far as Xbox Live Arcade fighting games, there's going to be King of Fighters 2002 Ultimate Match and Neo Geo Battle Colosseum. There also will be the King of Fighters Sky Stage.
That looks stupid.
It looks incredibly stupid, but I think I want to play it just for lulz.
So hey, more Metal Slug for me.
And that's never quite a bad thing?
More flying Iori shooting things in the sky with his big Orochi self.
And how?
Well something you don't have to wait too long for would be this week's releases. And unfortunately, being that we're so close to Christmas, it is very light.
This week we have Twin Sector on PC. You have little kids, Reader Rabbit Kindergarten on the Nintendo DS.
They are still cranking out Reader Rabbit games?
Dude, you do not even have any idea. There is like four or five Reader Rabbit games coming out.
I remember Reader Rabbit on the Apple IIe.
Yeah.
They have four Wii games and four DS games coming out. Of course, all the same.
Konami Classics Vol. 1 and 2 this week. Vol. 1, of course, contains Castlevania Symphony of the Night, Frogger, and Super Contra, whereas Vol. 2 includes Russian Attack, Track and Field, and the regular Contra.
Both of those for 20 bucks and out on 360. They're basically just the Xbox Live arcade games.
And then also, more stuff for little kids. Playmobil Pirates and Playmobil Circus. Pirates for the DS and Circus for the Wii. And that's it.
That still sounds like a lot, considering where we're at.
That's sad. There's actually some better stuff. Well, next week's even lighter, but it's really like two games, but they're decent games.
Well, I wish I could say it's a slow week in Japan, but it's really not. It's actually still a pretty big week over there.
Going to the Japanese releases, on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3, there is a 30th anniversary collection for Gundam. It's Gundam Musou 2. It comes out in Japan on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
But Gundam Musou 2, isn't that Dynasty Warriors Gundam 2?
I believe so. It looks very much like it. The whole combo meter in the corner and everything.
Probably the re-release.
Yeah, and the graphics look very pretty. But, of course, this week is epic week in Japan, and actually for a lot of people here in the U.S. too, I know a lot of people are going to be importing.
Final Fantasy XIII does come out on the PlayStation 3. Seeing as the PlayStation 3 is region free, if you want to pay $100, yes, that's right, that's what some importers are charging for this, $100, you can import this game.
It's all Japanese. I don't feel like translating.
Yeah, but for some people that know it light or know enough and just can't wait until March, hey, there you go.
I did that with 8 and would never do it again.
The Wii has not been forgotten. There are some releases over there. Of course, they get the Gundam game too, as well as Need for Speed Nitro comes out in Japan and F1 2009, so a couple of racers there in Japan.
On the PlayStation 2, this game has a lulsy title, Death Connection comes out on the PlayStation 2. Not the Love Connection.
It's the Death Connection.
That's what comes after the Love Connection, the Death Connection. I've got to read this description. Can I read this here?
Amelia was entrusted to the priest when she was a baby. Growing up in the small town church, the girl became a gentle beauty.
Along with the priest and Joshua, a boy she sees as a brother, she lived a peaceful life. However, everything changed the night mafia members charged into the church seeking to end Amelia's life.
So it's got everything. It's got the mafia, church, religion, things. It's all in the Death Connection coming out on the PlayStation 2.
And on the Nintendo DS, Dear Girl Stories Hibiki Tokukun Daisaku Sen comes out in regular and limited edition.
Deca Sports DS also making its way to the Nintendo DS, and Loki I know has already probably pre-ordered Jewel Pet 2 comes out on the DS.
As well as a game I first read as Pee Pee Girl, but it's actually Poopy Girl. That's P-O-U-P-E-E Girl DS. That's right, a game called Poopy Girl.
I don't want to really know what this game is about, yet I am intrigued.
It's actually a game where you develop good fashion sense. You do hairstyle, eye color, shape of the face, and then you take her out and shop for her in Poopy Town.
And a total of eight people can play Poopy Girl all at once.
It's just not like po-pay or something? Like French or something?
The chat room is yelling at me. It's like po-pay, just the way it's pronounced. But I'm sorry when I read it in my honky American way. P-O-U-P-E-E Poopy Girl.
To which all the Japanese purists are screaming at me in chat room. On the PSP, Dice Dice Fantasia.
Dice Dice Baby?
Do you even care? Do you even care when Poopy Girl's out this week?
That... no.
Anyhow, moving on. Dark Sakura, what's coming out in the UK?
Well, not a busy week. We have, for our buddies overseas, we have on the 15th EverQuest Underfoot. Does anyone still play EverQuest?
A lot of people wouldn't be doing these expansions.
I guess. On the 16th we have Alien Breed Evolution. On the 17th we have Blue Toad Murder Files, whatever the fuck that is.
On the 18th we have Buzz Quiz World, and on the 19th we have Nicky Rockin' Ball. That's it.
I'm laughing over here from this comment in chat about Poopy Girl. Sorry, Po-Pay Girl.
Salacious Pop says, she spends the entire game walking funny and looking upset.
That is excellent.
AlphaKananagram says, Sky, y'all are trying to kill me by making me laugh to death. Well, we try to be funny once in a while.
Anyhow, moving on to some more news. Our classic game of the week, just a few minutes away.
Yes. So, apparently, I didn't even realize there was a whole lawsuit against Divino, but there was, apparently by Nintendo, trying to prevent the company from selling DS flash carts.
Apparently they won, I believe, their injunction in Hong Kong, but in France, and why they're trying to win it in France as well, apparently they lost.
Actually, Divino won that suit, and now, of course, Nintendo is appealing the ruling, and finally, I guess, another lawsuit against them to try to prevent them from selling DS flash carts because it enables people to, apparently they call it a game copying device.
Honestly, though, that's a little, I don't know, the device doesn't allow you to copy games, but it allows you to play copied games, I guess.
Okay, wait, somebody's gotta break this down for me, because I seem to remember talking about this when it was banned, or when the whole appeal was won in Hong Kong.
So now they're going to France. Is there a production of this going on there, too?
Well, it didn't win in Hong Kong. They actually lost in Hong Kong.
Oh.
They, actually, they still owe...
Shows you how much I was paying attention that night.
Yeah, Nintendo made a statement that Divino still owes the company damages from a ruling made in Nintendo's favor in Hong Kong last year.
And it says, last month, a Spanish criminal case was dismissed against a company selling DS flash carts, with the judge in the case ruling that the carts are not illegal since they can be used for many non-infringing purposes.
So, it's kind of a gray area. I think if they're claiming that they're distributing game copying devices, I think right there, that would, they would lose that, because the device cannot be used.
Well, I mean, I guess it could be used, I don't know if there's a device on there to copy games from that, but it's not really used in copying games.
Don't you own this device?
The R4?
Yeah.
I own two in my life.
I have a, I have a Ninja Pass too.
I have an R4 and a, um...
Okay, have you ever used the R4 to pirate a game?
To pirate a game? No, I've used it to play pirate games, yes.
Okay, I see, I, tricky, tricky, I see what you did there, okay.
Fine.
And I can't order from Divino because my bank doesn't like me ordering from countries across the sea.
Malaysia, I think, is where they're out of.
Yeah.
Alright, well, I, I don't know, I mean, I think if it's, uh, if it's being used for bad things, Nintendo has a right to some extent, but at the same time, there are legitimate purposes for these, I suppose, and you can't go after the, the people that are doing this for legitimate reasons.
You have to go after the people that are using it, you know, that are putting the, that are dumping the games and putting them on the web.
That's who they need to go after, is the people dumping the games.
It's just like, um, you know, with, like, BitTorrent and stuff like that, a lot of times they're going after the people that, the release groups that are dumping the titles because the downloading of the titles isn't really, you know, they're not really stealing any, I don't know, it's kind of tough with digital media and stuff, because you're not technically stealing something, you're just making a copy of it.
And they're kind of going after more, like, real piracy, like, people actually making bootlegs and selling them on the street type stuff.
Well, moving on to one more story before we get to the classic game of the week tonight, um, we were actually linked to this story on our Twitter and it was suggested that we talk about this and, uh, Kotaku ran a feature this week about who they're calling, uh, well, it says, I guess the name of the story is Achievement Chore.
She plays for Gamerscore whether it's fun for not, fun or not, and it spotlights this girl and her name is Kristen and I guess, uh, her last name was redacted, obviously.
Um, I guess the author at Kotaku ran into this gal playing a game and exchanging scores and I guess she is the, according to this story, the number four ranking woman worldwide in Gamerscore and if you want to know how big you gotta get your Gamerscore to get that high, it's something like, um, of course now I lost, oh, there it is, 165,000 is her current Gamerscore.
And they actually take a picture of her and I gotta, you know, she's, she's a very attractive woman, I gotta say. I guess she's a stay-at-home mom and, uh, this is part of what she does.
By the way, she also has, it almost looks like the exact same laptop I do. She has a little Toshiba, anyway, nobody cares.
But anyhow, they ran this little story on her, uh, she's a 24-year-old stay-at-home mom in Northwest Indiana.
She got started on this whole thing when it, I guess it became like a friendly race between her and her friend about Gamerscore and, um, it was a race to see who could get 20,000 first and now I guess it's just become an obsession.
The girl has, I guess, um, a Japanese Xbox 360 and a regular Xbox 360. She has mad respect in the community for, I guess, being nice.
Uh, she says, quote, once I found sites that had guides on which were the easy games, I beat 20,000 in like a month and a half. It got me hooked and it was like a drug. A bad drug, a bad habit.
So it's kind of interesting, I mean, we joke a lot about achievement whores here on the show and I know we've called Loki an achievement whore many times, but it's kind of like...
I just don't care anymore.
I stopped caring and I did too to some extent, but it's kind of interesting to see what makes them tick, you know, and I thought this story was kind of interesting to give some insight as to what makes the achievement whore want to go after all those scores.
Um, by the way, you might like this too. There is stuff that she does besides the Xbox 360, obviously she's a stay at home mom, but she also says, I'm an avid paintball player. I have my own gun, although that's another expensive hobby.
But yeah, I'd much rather go out to a bar, go bowling, play darts or pool than sit at home and boost games all night. I'm still young. And she does have a six year old girl that she's raising too.
So, there you go.
Rob, I'm playing with poopies.
Alright. Did you go onto the website?
Yes, I did.
Was it Tiger Claw? Linked us to the...
I love these things.
I've been playing, well, keep in mind, I used to play with the candy bar doll maker thing, and I've got my big dolls, so this is actually kind of fun for me, even though like, you know...
So you like poopy girls?
Don't make me shoot you in the face, Rob.
Since we were just talking about something we saw on Kotaku, I was just going to mention it real quick. There's a trailer I saw for The Sims 3, it was like a Happy Holidays trailer, that makes me want to play the game, actually.
Why is that?
It's the top ten reasons to play Sims, according to them. Your friends can throw rock and party, and then burn the house down, and so they show that, and then there's like another one, it's like, you know, these two women, oh, because learning a new language is sexy is number nine.
They have like the teacher wearing just lingerie and stuff.
So it's like all the really wrong things people do with The Sims.
Yeah, your sister can flirt with death, which is awesome, instead of your boyfriend, or her boyfriend, I guess.
And then they also have like, your kids can finally learn to get along, and they show the girl laughing maniacally, and her brother's on fire, and it's awesome.
Your grandma can still spy on the neighbors and not get arrested, and they have her peeping on some naked guy, which is kind of funny.
Your brother and sister, oh, your brother can finally get lucky, and they have like some chick staring them down.
Killing your boss, and then they have like, what are some of the other ones?
Experimenting, they have like two chicks, one dressed up like a cheerleader, one dressed up like, oh god, I don't remember what else the other one was.
Making out, and it's just all sex, violence, all the stuff you got.
All the great things about The Sims, right DarkSakura? Setting people on fire, it's your favorite thing about The Sims.
Actually, I like drowning him.
Nice.
That's funny, he's dying.
Alright, lol dying. Alright, well anyhow, if you're giving it to your best friend's mom, that was number two.
Oh my gosh. Alright, if Loki's done with his ideas on what he's gonna do horrifically in The Sims, then it's time for a segment we like to call the classic game of the week. A chance for DarkSakura to go through the gaming archives and pick a game from yesteryear that she says, you know what? You bitches should be checking this game out.
Yeah.
And I closed the link to whatever she sent me earlier for the game, but that's alright. If you don't have a game, again, that's okay, I'll find it.
No, I can get it. Well the game is Einhonder, which is a pretty cool shooting game. It's pretty rare. Not as in it was made by Rare, but it's pretty rare of a game.
But anyway, it's a side-scrolling shooter, it was done by Square, and it came out on PlayStation in 1997. It did get a re-release for PSN on June 25th.
It means single-handed, because the ship that you use has a single manipulator arm.
That was the one that I thought sucked.
Sorry, it's just the first one I found.
There's one on there for stage 7 or stage 5.
Okay, I'll find it.
I'll find the right thing. But yeah, it's about a war between the Earth and the Moon, and it has a little cool soundtrack done by Fukui Kenichiro.
So yeah, you play through the game, and it's sort of a 2.5D, so it's got shifting camera angles, and everything in the game is 3D, but you mostly play in a two-dimensional method.
You've got different multiples, you've got different difficulty settings, multiples of those.
You do have a free mode that gives you unlimited continues, but you cannot have a score.
You can get at different speeds, and you start off with a machine gun, and you can collect gun pods that will give you different enemy missions, or cannons, or guided missile launchers, or even a lightsaber type of thing.
There's also, you have to throw away your gun pods when you run out of ammo, so there's that.
Also, you have a multiplier bar and a hit gauge counter, so as you destroy the corners of the enemies, your hit counter increases, and you get multiplied points by that, but when you stop shooting things, your counter decreases.
So basically this is helping you for your score.
It's a pretty neat game. It's actually the first 3D shooter that Square did.
And they actually, it said that Square used some of what they learned from making Final Fantasy VII into Einhonder. And it actually, one cool thing about it is that there was another game that came out in Japan that was Chocobo no Fushigina Dungeon, which is, you know, Chocobo's mystery dungeon.
And it had a bonus mystery data disk, which actually was memory card data for a lot of games, including Einhonder.
Working Designs wanted to bring it out, but Square just actually did it anyway. So, really cool game, really cool, really fun game.
And you have to understand, really fucking hot for this era on the Playstation 1, like the graphics were just outstanding.
Oh yeah, and it's a pretty difficult game too. But yeah, I'd have to say that the play in it is really tight.
And also, the music that goes with the stages, I always thought was spot on.
The only thing that actually has a problem with it, I think, is that you can't play two player.
Oh, that's a bummer. She can't be, I guess, Zweihonder.
Dude, if they did a sequel, I think they should do Zweihonder, and like, have two different gun arms.
It's possible.
That's it, Einhonder.
Alright, there you go kids, your classic game of the week this week is Einhonder, available on the Playstation numero uno.
Alright, that's going to do it for part 8 tonight, we're going to take a quick break though, we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, our little special Saturday edition that will also play again on Sunday, and also play again on the podcast.
So stay tuned, we'll be right back with plenty more.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Saturday afternoon, December the 12th of 2009.
That's right, we are taping a little bit early for tomorrow night's show, so you'll hear this again on Sunday, December 13th, of course, at our usual time.
And then of course on our podcast feed, available at www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Now, during the break there, I had to get my new toy all out of the box and unpacked, and check this out.
Awesome. That's right, my FC Mobile, I have Guardian Legend running on it. It took a little bit to get it jammed in there just the right way.
I even blew on the cartridge just to make sure, you know, the old school way to get that stuff to work.
But it works! So awesome. So very, very happy.
Anyhow, we have plenty more show to get to tonight, including our calls as usual.
I know there's less people listening than usual because of our special time, but hopefully we'll still get a few calls.
And of course we've got Twitter topics coming up in just a moment, but first we have some rapid fire stories.
Yes, there is a game that's out there on Microsoft's community game service that will help you talk to girls.
That's right, it's an indie game called Don't Be Nervous Talking to Girls.
And it allows you to, I guess, practice by talking to a picture of a woman with some interactive dialogue that allows you to choose from a few different choices.
And if you don't, I guess, pick the right choice, she'll call the police.
Nice.
But there's some retarded choices, like there's one right here, it's all, that's one tall rollercoaster and greetings from planet Earth.
I would like to see DarkSakura play this game on how to talk to girls and see how it goes.
It's like, I am a girl! And I like being told I am from outer space!
It's only a dollar and 80 microseconds.
A whole dollar?
A whole dollar. I may pick this up just for shits and giggles.
Leo Shen in our chat room, chat.orangemantraded.com says, will they have a choice to put it in?
Stick it in!
Ah, yes.
Maybe in the sequel.
Maybe in the sequel. Well, Yakuza 3 is making its way over to the US as well.
It's going to be heading over here March 2010, and will feature the wonderful gameplay that the Japanese have already been able to check out for a while now.
And it's also actually coming to Europe and Australia around that same time frame as well, so that's kind of cool.
Also, 505 Games announced a brand new series that they're going to be putting out called Naughty Bear.
And I have to admit, their bear rendering ability is quite amazing.
You've been a very naughty bear.
Of course, in gay culture, naughty bear means a whole other thing.
Yeah, yeah. Apparently, the game is actually a violent action game starring an animated stuffed bear.
Specifically, a stuffed bear who swears revenge on other jerk bears for failing to invite them to a party.
And so, your goal is to scare and irritate and of course hurt other bears, racking up naughty points as you do, using weapons strewn about the game's 30 stages.
Wait, so you play a bear encouraged to rape other bears?
Well, they never said rape. They said hurt.
In the face.
That's kind of cool.
They're calling it Manhunt for Teddy Bears.
That's really what it is. This is about violence. This is just teddy bears. It's okay. You can tear Teddy Ruxpin limb from limb. It doesn't matter. He's just a bear.
And it's coming from the developer, actually. It's the same developer that put out Wet.
Looking in our chatroom, of course, they are still hung up on the talking to girl game.
Tigerclaw says they probably have a version for the girls on how to talk to guys.
I don't think they need one. It's just with your tits. That's basically how they do it, right, DarkSagra?
It's just two buttons. Giggle, flash, tits.
It's just two buttons. Giggle and tits.
BowerCTU in our chatroom says, are one of the choices Are You Poopy Girl?
Lol.
See, I like that. Taking it back to a previous topic in the show. Good job.
Anyhow, going on to some other stories. Brutal Legend, of course. How has Brutal Legend sales been? They've been okay, right?
It's been alright.
Well, hopefully this will integrate sales a little bit. A new download content piece called The Hammer of Infinite Fate is coming out this week on December 17th.
It is a chance for you getting to, I guess, carve a giant disembodied head into Mount Rockmore of Tim Schafer, the developer of Brutal Legend.
I guess that's what you get. I don't know.
You also get an upgrade that shows every collectible that's on the map and some new outfits for Eddie and, what's probably a highlight for a lot of people, four new multiplayer maps.
It's going to cost you $4.99 on PS3, yet $6 on the Xbox 360, but that might be an error because usually those things are the same.
Hey, if you still haven't picked up DJ Hero, a place you could probably grab it is the Guitar Hero store. It got knocked down to $79.
From what I understand, though, this thing got sold out very soon, so I don't think you can actually get this anymore, but it is still telling and worthy of reporting on that the price is already coming down,
meaning that maybe it's just a matter of time before this ends up in the bargain bins. I don't know.
As I tweeted earlier this week, the MPD numbers came out, and it's sold 333,000 units total.
Well, that's not bad.
In two months? No, that's not bad.
That's not bad at all.
It'll probably still sell a little more for Christmas. Do you think it's worthy enough of getting a sequel, then?
Oh yeah.
If Guitar Hero rocks the 80s or spins the 80s, I would be all over that. That'd be pretty awesome.
My problem with DJ Hero, and it's the same problem that I have with the Guitar Hero series, is there's not enough download content. We've had two so far.
I mean, come on, man. Both have been pretty good, for what it's worth.
But if this was a harmonics game, I'd be getting download content every fucking week.
Until they decide to discontinue it, which has finally happened on the PSP one, which is strange.
Well, that's fine, because that probably didn't sell that well, but Rock Band 2, you know, come on. Tons of shit out there.
Did you notice, by the way, that the Best Buy demo stations now are like a Rock Band 2 slash Beatles Rock Band hybrid game?
Oh, it's kind of interesting that the demo demos both games.
It's both games? Yeah. It's kind of interesting.
But it makes sense. Hey, also in Rapid Fire Tonight, the Nintendo Virtual Console has released some new stuff.
A lot, a lot of stuff this week.
Street Fighter Alpha apparently came out, as well as the arcade version of Shinobi, and Rayman for the DSi, which I thought was kind of interesting, is now out.
So that's a big title on DSi.
Lots of other stuff available on DSi, including Ball Fighter, Pop Island, Army Defender, and My Notebook.
Not a lot of exciting stuff on WiiWare, but of course the Virtual Console got the arcade version of Shinobi and Street Fighter Alpha for the Super Nintendo.
So if you were a fan of Alpha back in the day, you might want to go grab that.
That is now available on the Virtual Console.
Dr. Sakura?
Well, in other news, we have something that actually I'm pretty considering trying out.
It's a Voltron game on iPhone, and apparently has the best unpause feature.
It's actually being put out for the 25th anniversary of the series, so you've got 30 levels, 6 acts total, where you play as the lions going through the galaxy to stop Zarkon and everybody, and all the weapons and everything.
And it's actually supposed to be, I think, pretty neat, but there's a video up here actually that I haven't watched yet, but apparently the unpause sound effect is supposed to be amazing.
I imagine they're like rips from Voltron or something, probably?
I'm going to check this out.
Oh, there's stupid ads.
Are you trying to play a little video over there?
Yeah, and now the ad won't stop.
Stupid Google!
Continuing on with this music over the background, Pac-Man Championship Edition is on the iPhone as well for $3, and that's the revamped Xbox Live Arcade one with all the fun mode, but this is a limited starting price.
So now let's go back to Voltron.
So Voltron came to the iPhone today?
Oh yeah, someone talking about it.
Blah, blah, blah, blah. Oh, there we go.
See, I don't know if anyone can hear any of this.
I'm trying to find the unpause.
So it's the sound effects.
I'm assuming it's what it is.
And it sounds like the music in the game is actually from, dude, you have Sven when you start off, that's cool.
Anyway, moving forward, how about some Rock Band stuff?
Rock Band!
Rubber Soul! Finally! Finally, finally, finally! Very happy, because that's my favorite Beatles album.
So we are going to be getting Rubber Soul next week for a Beatles Rock Band, because we already got Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and Abbey Road.
And then we are also going to be, for the other Rock Band, we're going to be getting All American Rejects, 30 Seconds to Mars, and more Green Day.
And Rock Band unplugged download content is, I'm not sure.
It actually isn't going to be getting any more download content from what it seems. So, that's it.
By the way, some late-breaking news, I believe, speaking of the whole Rock Band thing.
Apparently, there's this teaser going on on MTV.com about this whole, I guess, Green Day Rock Band game.
Is there possibly a Rock Band game going on with Green Day in it?
I don't think it's going to be as big as, like, Beatles Rock Band. It may be an add-on content thing.
And we've speculated this before, like the ACDC game was.
Yeah.
Perhaps. This might be something that actually shows up during the VGAs later on, which I guess are happening later tonight.
I don't think, I mean, Green Day is okay, but do you really think they're popular enough to warrant their own game?
You know, I mean, you've got to live up to the Beatles.
And I realize the VGAs are on tonight, but come on. You're going to see all the winners later on, and all the clips will be on YouTube, any of the game trailers.
Yeah, well, but we also have some great programming on All Games Radio tonight. We have Undersedation Live at, I believe, 8 o'clock Pacific.
And Travis Is Always a Lolsie Time. That's the show I grew up on years ago. Video Game Show is on tonight, too, right after us.
Well, not right after, but about 7 o'clock, too. So stay tuned for both of those shows coming up on All Games Radio if you are listening live on Saturday.
Meanwhile, we've got some Twitter topics to get into.
Going over to the Twitter at twitter.com slash o-l-r. We asked for some questions before the show.
Some folks talking about Orange Lounge Radio Revolution's second mix, which I guess has some unlocks.
Of course, this is the DDR game that they've made that apparently, by the way, hosts, check your emails later on, because apparently the creators have sent us a sneak peek to check out.
I'm very curious. I find it odd that I host this show and I know really very little about what's going on here, so I'm very curious to see it, so there you go.
Let's see. Just some people talking about listening to the show or not listening to the show tonight.
Let's see. Going to Leo Shan on Twitter says, any songs from a recent game that you can't get out of your head?
For me, it's Bayonetta's Fly Me to the Moon climax mix.
I thought that was kind of funny. My friend's like, hey, isn't this from, like, Neon Genesis? You know, like, yeah, and a bunch of other stuff, but it's an awesome game.
I don't know if I have, like, a song stuck in my head, especially not one from a video game. For the longest time, though, I had that mix of Radio Gaga and Mary J. Blige from the download of DJ Hero that would get stuck in my head so easily.
A lot of the stuff from DJ Hero's stuck in my head, because I played in my car on repeat, basically, so.
Yeah. A lot of, like, Bust a Move with Around the World, you know?
That's a good mix. That's a game I haven't played in forever that I really need to.
Old school Bust a Move groove, whatever you want to call it.
Let's see, also, SSJ100Matt on Twitter is saying, Target is having some nice game deals starting this Sunday, including DJ Hero $88 and Zelda Spirit Tracks $25.
That was another game I forgot to mention that I was playing this week, and it's alright, but my thing is, it's not the same as, like, you know, the other games where the method of travel by boat was kind of a necessity.
The fact that they're like, oh no, we can't go to these parts of the lands because the tracks have disappeared, that's just to me saying, I'm lazy and I don't want to walk there.
It's like fucking walking was all you did in Zelda, you know, Zelda 2, you know, Zelda 3, even.
But now I'm too good for walking, I need to take a train everywhere.
Waaaaaaah.
It's really, you know, obnoxious.
But yeah, it's still as fun as the original, well, I'd say, you know, the last game that they had.
How does Zelda translate as, like, a rail shooter, though? That seems so odd to me.
It's not, I thought that's what it was.
No, it's just, they have these parts where you're riding a train, and that's kind of like the boat, you know, you get a cannon on the back, and there's evil trains on the tracks, which is retarded, but whatever.
I want another Wind Waker.
I mean, they keep putting out these DS games, so let's do another, like, GameCube style game or whatever, because Wind Waker is awesome. I need to go back and actually play that.
A lot of people disagree with you, but they can suck it, right?
They can suck it, because guess what? How many games have we seen that have been emulating, you know, the Wind Waker style being released? Well, at least two of them.
How many games have we seen, you know, emulating the, you know, style of the Marie Lizzick Zelda? One.
So tough.
Alright, well, we'll see. Alright, listen, that's it for Twitter topics tonight. Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to give us a follow.
Meanwhile, back to some more gaming news, and then our mailbag before too long.
Yes, there's a new patent that's been put out for the Sony Motion Controller, and it's showing a new feature, including swappable buttons, or like some sort of connector.
Basically, at the top of the controller, or possibly even the bottom, I don't know, they show this kind of, like, upside down, with the Cosmic Ice Cream Cone facing down.
Apparently, there is a little spot that you could possibly put in, either a D-pad, they have, like, the face buttons, you know, the X circle, square, triangle, and then what looks like a spinner, or some sort of spinning knob of some sort, maybe like the jog dial, I guess, on an iPod or something like that.
And that's kind of part of this little thing, so maybe instead of, like, add-ons that you might see with, you know, the nunchuck and stuff like that, and the Wii, they're just going to have these replaceable control buttons.
But honestly, I don't see what the point is in adding face buttons to it. I mean, when, you just have some generic buttons, and if you want to use them-
I don't know, it gives some more diversity for the developers. I would just worry about losing that shit. Those things look small, like, I would think losing them would be the problem. These little convertible things.
Well, not only that, but, like, I would think, though, that, you know, the directional pad or whatever could be easily, you know, done with just four buttons, like the face buttons, so there's no need to double up on that, and the jog dial... I don't really see why they would need that.
To spin the wheel in a Wheel of Fortune game, I don't know. I don't know.
But to make the movement, then, with the whole motion controller. It's like, this is about, like, I don't know if you saw the article about Ubisoft with their, you know, crappy camera that they put out with that, you know, your self-fitness thing or whatever.
Your shape, actually. And they have a new racquetball game coming out to kind of compete with Wii Sports Tennis or whatever, and it uses, as an option, it uses the camera. Well, all the previews I've seen using this camera have been crap.
Toagak in Chat says, Have you ever dealt with a DS game card before? Those are easy to lose. Like, saying that, you know, well, these things aren't much bigger than a DS card, probably, so if you can keep track of a DS game card, you can probably keep track of these little things. Maybe.
Maybe, but, like, there's got to be an easier way to do this.
Well, and it doesn't necessarily mean it's going to be true. You know, it's just, generally, patents, so that no patent whores try to get in there and, you know, patent it first.
I'll just assume ten years down the road, you know, they always seem to do that.
Well, Star Trek Online is coming out next year, and, of course, there's quite a few people excited about that, including our very own Dark Soccer, and I've got to admit, I am pretty excited about it, too, even though I'm a big wow-whore, and I've got to say, lovin' the new Patch 3-3. I didn't say this during my gaming week.
Actually, I like it, too. Well, I've noticed that it flashes red now when you're being attacked, and it's sort of like, what the hell? Oh, I'm being attacked, instead of just random roar.
And the quest tracking thing, if you didn't have a mod for that before, is pretty awesome. I used a quest helper mod, so I already had that, and I've got to say, this whole Dungeon Finder is awesome.
All the looking for group stuff is gone now. It's crazy, and I've got to be honest, all the groups I've gotten through the system have been really good.
Like, I have yet to get a group full of douchebags like I used to get before. I don't know what it is. It's not like they have a filter on what kind of players get to use the group system, but I've just gotten a lot of really good players.
So, I don't know if there's anybody excited or what.
I don't know. I don't know. Very, very exciting. Anyway, but we want to get back to Star Trek Online.
Star Trek Online, of course, is coming out soon, and a whole shitload of pre-order bonuses, but of course, it depends on where you pre-order it. That's right.
And depending on where you pre-order, Star Trek Online will change the bonus that you get.
So, for example, if you pre-order the game at GameStop, you can have the classic USS Enterprise. You can only get the classic Enterprise at GameStop.
So, there's going to be everybody riding around the USS Enterprise. I guess. I don't know. At the Best Buy, you can get a pet Tribble or a Targ, depending on what your faction is.
Dude, totally want a Targ.
And everybody knows when you get one pet Tribble. It's actually hundreds of pet Tribbles.
If you pre-order on Amazon, you get a liberated Borg bridge officer with unique nanotechnology augmentation. So, in other words, you can have sex of nine as your bridge officer there.
Dude, I actually totally think that I'm going to get mine on Amazon now, because I've actually got a gift card for Amazon.
Do you really?
Yeah, I do.
Very cool. Let's see. Also, direct-to-drive, a multi-spatial personal shield. It regenerates itself and the player health. That's from direct-to-drive.
Okay, that's actually really cool.
At Walmart, you get bonus skill points. You'll be able to bestow additional skill points. At Target, you get a TR-116 ground weapon. That's a micro transporter that beams projectiles to the Target. No line of sight is required.
And lastly, if you do it on Steam, you get chromodynamic armor. It improves your critical hits and damage of energy weapons.
So, I mean, those are all like game-changing items. That's a little weird to me, that depending on where you buy the game can kind of change up the game for you.
I mean, I imagine even these little items they talk about aren't like the best things in the game. It seems to me, I gotta be honest, the Walmart one sounds good.
If you get extra skill points that you can't get any other way, that seems like the best deal right there.
But it seems to me, though, that, well, are they completely unique? I mean, does it say specific? Because, I mean, if you can get skill points as you keep going, you know, as you level, then what's the point?
What kind of skills can you get from Walmart anyways? I mean, how to dress?
Which one had the, um, the, the, what was it, the transphasic shield?
Um, direct-to-drive has the shield that regenerates itself and your health.
I mean, I can imagine a Walmart bonus as being like, you know, you get to command the Enterprise, except the Enterprise has a new paint job with a Confederate flag on it.
Honestly, I think, I wouldn't really want the classic Enterprise anyway, because given when the game is set, you'd like, it's like, it's like driving, um...
A hoopty.
I gotta be honest, the GameStop pre-order sounds the least interesting to me. I've gotta be honest, you know, this is Star Trek Online, not remake Star Trek The Next Generation.
Well, it'd be the equivalent of everyone driving around in, like, a brand new Bugatti, right? And you're driving a 1983 Ford Escort.
Nice.
Seriously.
A Geo Metro.
I'm a pet whore, though, in WoW, so I'm almost, uh, down for this Best Buy pet tribble. That sounds kinda awesome.
Is that the only way you're gonna be able to get this pet tribble?
Don't know.
I mean, is there gonna be a tribble wearing a Best Buy shirt or something like that?
Don't know.
And besides that, the whole, the, you can, although I'm sure the tribbles are actually 90% reproductive organs, um, you can just feed them very little and they won't have enough energy to breed.
A few comments from our chatroom at chat.orensonshooter.com on this story. VaniceLux says, exclusive Walmart greeter class. Maybe that's what you get at Walmart.
SalaciousPop says, you're not gonna know how or what to min to max if you're just starting, and 99% of the MMOs nerf a lot of stuff within the first 90 days.
SSJ100Matt says, you can probably buy those devices and armor bonuses in some sort of store in the game.
And BowerCTU says, I want the classic Enterprise. So, you know, screw what I think. No, that's, obviously there will be a lot of people that want it and there'll probably be a lot of them in game.
Because, you know, GameStop is obviously still a very, very big retailer where a lot of people are gonna get this.
But just so you know, there's choices, so if Star Trek Online is really important to you, you might want to think around about where you pre-order the game.
I'll probably end up getting it on Steam so I don't have to go outside the house, but we'll see.
Well, I'm probably gonna get mine on Amazon because I have, thanks to Becky who's already given me one of my presents, I have a $40 gift card.
Woo! Poor GameCrazy though, I didn't see them on the list.
Well...
Maybe they'll get something else, who knows.
No comment.
Alright, moving on to another story, DarkSakura.
Well, in OtherStuff...
Yay, OtherStuff!
Thanks, Rob. PS3 actually won Metacritic's console of the year. They did a big survey on it and actually the higher rated games came out, higher rated games were on Xbox 360 than PS3, but the winner overall was still the PS3.
Which is kind of crap. But then again, Uncharted 2, you know, meh.
The Wii did okay on the thing too, but I mean, and also though, to keep going further into the list though, the best rated Xbox game was Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, and Metroid Prime Trilogy was on Wii, Street Fighter IV scored the best for PC, Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars was number one on PSP and DS.
So...
Ah, this seems like one of those stories that's just there to start a controversy, you know, to get the PSP fanboys and the... I'm sorry, not PSP, the Sony fanboys and the Microsoft fanboys all riled up.
But you know, it's been a good year for Sony. They've, you know, the price drop was what they needed to do three years ago and it's finally bringing a lot of people on board and I've heard a lot of people talk about how they're probably going to take the plunge and get the PS3 now, you know, with Blu-ray and so forth.
I think they're going to have a really good Christmas season. I mean, we'll see when the numbers come out. Certainly Microsoft's not out. Hell no.
They've already sold millions of consoles. I think there's going to be a lot of people who just simply have more than one console in this day and age, you know?
So, alright. Let's see, we'll move on to some more news stories and then we'll get to the mailbag in just a minute here.
Yes. So this is kind of neat. We had a game that just came out, Avatar, that supported 3D with, you know, actually stereoscopic 3D with TVs that supported, you know, 3D gaming. Some of the 120 MHz TVs.
Is that because a movie is supposed to be in 3D too?
Yes, it is. And it's kind of neat though because Avatar actually, it was, it's dependent on which TV it is. They had a bunch of different options that you could do, you know, including Reel-D was one of those, which you find in a lot of the cinemas nowadays, which is the polarized glasses.
Well, now Namco is adopting stereoscopic 3D as well for, they've gotten some 3D development tools and you're going to see these in an upcoming game. An upcoming as yet unannounced Namco Bandai title.
Soulcalibur V.
I don't know, but it's neat. I mean, I think this is the way games are going to go.
Yeah, but how many TVs are fitted for this?
Not many. And the thing is, not only do you have to have these TVs, you have to have those glasses too. So, the Reel-D wouldn't be bad. If you could do the Reel-D stuff, like, on your TV, I mean, because that's just a, it's polarized glasses. I mean, that's, those glasses cost like five bucks. I mean, that would be, I think, the way to go.
When you get the more expensive, like, shutter glasses, you know, their actual hardware, they have, you know, timing and everything, that might be a little bit difficult. But, I think it's almost like pushing the technology too quick. I mean, we just got people sort of adopted to HDTVs, not everybody's kind of on board with that.
I can't believe this Avatar game's already supporting it. It seems so early. You know, I realize...
I hear it's good though.
I mean, I hear that Avatar's whole thing is, you know, really pushing what they do with cinema now, but, man. And by the way, TigerClaws, Lincoln, and Chad, apparently, even though I was bagging on the game a little, or on the movie a little bit last week about how I kind of don't look interested in it, Avatar the movie apparently has an 89% on Rotten Tomatoes right now. So, I guess some people are being pretty wowed by it.
By the game?
No, the movie.
The movie? It's not out yet.
Well, it had its premiere in London, so some critics were probably there. It's probably had its critics screening.
Well, I'm going to go see it, and in 3D, because that's the way it's meant to be seen, but if it's crap, then I'll call it.
Are you going to see it by Sunday? Review it on next week's show?
I don't know. I want to go see it with my dad, because the wife does not want to see that movie.
I see. I see. And I think he's gone, so I might not be able to see it. She may go see it, though.
I'm sure some of our chatters will let us know next week, if nothing else.
We're definitely going to see it next week.
I will give you a review of Princess and the Frog next week. I'm going to see that tomorrow.
I want to see that, too. Maybe I'll see that tomorrow.
That you could probably get the wife to see.
She actually, I do remember now, she does want to see Avatar, because she said it looked neat.
Oh, there you go.
All right. Let's see. Moving on to another story here about something probably the wife wouldn't be interested in at all.
I don't know, Loki. Maybe she would be.
Bible Adventures is a new game that's coming out from Left Behind Games, which I want to say I remember reporting on the fact that the studio was developed quite some time ago.
And do the Left Behind Game.
So now they're doing Bible Adventures is their new game. It's going to educate young children by teaching them academic lessons vital to early childhood development through Bible stories.
So in other words, it's going to be throwing the Bible at them at an early age.
You know, I could see this maybe being more of like a downloadable game. I mean, that would be a little bit more popular, I think.
No, it's coming out as an actual game.
I don't want to sell this. It's not that I don't like selling, you know, not that I have anything against the Bible or anything, but I don't want to sell that. I mean, it's like, you need this because people love the Bible.
Anyway, it's based on the Charlie Churchmouse stories. It's going to span both the Old and the New Testament, and it will teach mathematics, spelling, and I love this, reasoning skills.
WWJD.
I prefer WWTF.
IDGAF. WWJD.
Anyhow, the CEO of Left Behind has said that they expect their financial projections to grow exponentially as they transition from a PC game developer to a Wii and Xbox developer.
That's right. Bible Adventures apparently is coming out for the Wii and the Xbox 360, and I love this. Joystiq, who ran this story, one of the many sites who ran the story this week, said,
But what about PS3 owners? Well, they can go to hell.
And then the link, though.
The link is for Dante's Inferno. I know. I love it. It's funny. I lolled.
You know what, though? Like it or not, there's a market for this stuff. They'll sell these in those Christian bookstores.
I just want to know when we're getting dance praise or whatever the Guitar Hero equivalent was.
Guitar praise? Yeah, I remember that.
Do I get to hold my hand up like I feel Jesus?
Where's DJ Praise?
DJ Praise? Maybe you should make that game, Loki.
No, I shouldn't.
Alright, anyhow, forget it. Let's move on to the mailbag. Every week, you guys send us e-mails at Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com,
and DarkSakura jumps into the mailbag head first and instantly deletes them.
But not before she picks out a few of her favorites to read here on the air in a segment we call The Mailbag.
Who's e-mailed us this week?
Starting with an awful joke. So it's from AZHP. Hi, OLR crew. AZHP here celebrating the release of the new Silent Hill Wii game with a crude joke for everyone.
Yay! Yay! Joke!
What do you call what happens to your boobs after Pyramid Head rapes you?
What? Silent Hill shattered mammaries.
Now that we've got that out of the way, have you guys heard about the Silent Hill stage play plan for Sweden?
Yes, we already did that. If it's as good as the last Konami spinoff play I wrote into the show about DDR the Musical,
then I'm sure we can all say that we're extremely excited to see what comes out of this.
There aren't any details besides the flyer which has been making the rounds on gaming blogs, but it's Silent Hill, so it's plenty enough to get excited about. Am I right?
TTFN, ta-ta for now. AZHP. Yeah, we covered that.
By the way, AZHP, I got this for you for your joke.
Oh, wait. Sound cue fail. Now this is for me and AZHP.
We just need to get one of those fancy mixing boards with the buttons.
Yes, we do. We need a fancy mixing board with buttons. Let's get on that.
I will get on that because you already told me what to do.
Yay.
Next up comes from Gray Fox.
Dear O.L.R., I need your help.
No. Give me a dollar.
All of my life I have been in love with Zelda and Final Fantasy series.
Up to this point I have played almost every game in the series, but due to how long it takes to beat those types of games, I find that it seems more like a chore than fun anymore.
I remember the days where I would play these games all day and not think twice.
Now with so much of my time being taken up by other interests, I find myself having less time for games than finding myself remembering my relentless quests across Hyrule or summoning some ridiculously large beast in Final Fantasy.
So I have asked myself if other people have encountered the same thing.
Yes.
Yes. I don't have patience anymore.
I also have life.
I have Gamer ADD. I have told this on the show many, many times. I have the worst case of Gamer ADD and it's not helping my wallet.
I will buy $60 games and I swear to God I play them once and then never play them again. It's a disgusting, filthy habit. I need to stop.
I have a game right over here that I haven't played yet. Rob, you should stay and play it with me sometime.
Sometime, yeah.
I have Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
You still haven't played that? You've had that for like two months.
Well, now my hand works.
Oh yeah, that's right. You got it when you had your hand, drama.
But yeah, actually I was playing through Blue Dragon and put that aside.
You got pretty far in that too.
Lost Odyssey. I've tried Lost Odyssey twice. Although I will blame the second time on my Xbox 360 borking.
I will also blame though that the last time I quit playing Grandia was because I got tired of reading that much Japanese.
To be honest, I've taken a liking to independent games like Bit.Trip Beat and World of Goo because I can usually beat the games within a few weeks.
Which makes me wonder if I'm no different from when I first started playing games like Mario Brothers or Duck Hunt.
So this brings me back to my original question. Am I crazy? Am I thinking too much? Help me out, Gray Fox.
Dude, just play whatever's fun. If it's not fun, don't play it. Don't force yourself into a mold you don't fit in.
And I think tastes change with time. You know, and maybe it does have something to do with age. I don't know because I had much more patience when I was little.
Because I play some of those 8-bit games now and I don't have the patience to collect everything like I used to when I was a kid.
And there's also a lot of peer pressure out there to be playing certain games, you know, like the popular ones. Like you'd be in the new crowd.
Like smoking crack the game.
Yet, yet I spend hours upon hours upon hours on World of War crack. Go figure.
Well there's, I mean some of those are just good though.
But for, I think part of it with an MMO is that because it is something that you can just pick up, play for a little bit and put away.
It has that casual aspect on it unless you're like I guess one of those freaks that goes raiding.
Hey. I don't go like I used to. Raiding kind of ruined WoW for a little while for me.
But keep in mind for that, that's also a social aspect.
It is. It is. It really is.
And for me when I play, I play with like one person.
I've described World of Warcraft to friends that I have that don't get the Warcraft obsession or you know just are curious about it.
I will say it's like a chat room with fireballs is World of Warcraft for me.
Yeah. And it's kind of neat because friends I have who might live across the country, it gives us a chance, I know this is going to sound so dorky and nerdy.
I know. I agree with that.
It gives us a chance to hang out and do something even though yes I understand it's not real life.
But keep in mind I'm talking about friends that live states and states and thousands of miles away.
We get to kind of do something together even if it's not you know going outside.
So take that as you will.
No. I completely agree with that. I have the same logic about it actually.
So we've got one more email from Jim Sally. What's this? Jim Sally?
Wait. Jim Sally?
Jim Sally.
I actually ran home to try to catch the end of it tonight.
He actually said this is the best show ever so I guess he's talking about last week.
I actually ran home to try to catch the end of it tonight.
Any idea what happened to Dead Pixel Live? Later JS.
Last week was, we got a lot of compliments on last week's show which is weird because I didn't think we did anything special but talk about more porn than usual so I guess the chatters like porn I don't know.
I don't even remember what we did.
I don't know the latest update from last week. My thought is they had an epilogue but they're still on the schedule so they're still doing something.
So keep an eye on AllGames.com. I think they have their own website at DeadPixelLive.com and you can check out what's going on there.
I have not heard that they have left the network or anything like that so I don't know if they're just going through some changes over there or what's going on.
But usually when shows change and stuff I'm like the last to hear about it.
A Sunday night people are kind of self-sufficient I suppose. They don't keep us in the loop on what's going on the rest of the week. I don't know.
In other news Rob? I still have glue on my fingers.
I'm sure if something is going on Tigerclaw in our chat will give us an update because he's very good about jumping in with what's going on at AllGames Radio when I'm not as in the loop.
So there you go. Is that it for emails? Alright so if you have emails you want to send us mailbag at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
Let's get into the FUs of the week.
Music
FU to the situation with my mother. That's all I'm gonna say.
Not to my mother just with the situation.
Music
FU to having a cold and Rob I'm just gonna take this moment to say.
There's a couple arcade cabinets and a ranch recorded open for $25 each.
Missing a monitor but they'll sell you a monitor for $50. You can get a Street Fighter 2 cabinet working for $75.
God that's tempting.
Argh!
And they're in ranches so maybe they'll deliver it to you.
Maybe I don't know. Sorry.
I don't really have a lot of FUs of the week. I actually had like a really good week all things considered.
So I don't really have a lot of angsty stuff except maybe FU to being exhausted after work on Friday.
Like I just wanted to go home and die and I did. I slept for an hour so there you go.
And FU to the rain causing people to drive like crazy. It took twice as long to get here as it usually does.
Rawr!
Alright that's gonna do it for the FUs of the week. No story to inspire it tonight.
Everybody's been fairly well behaved out in the world.
Just a couple more stories and then we'll get to your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, some more stories. Loki.
Yes. They had an interesting, or there's gonna be an interesting update coming to Team Fortress 2.
But what's more interesting than the update itself is how they're deciding who will get the update.
Apparently the update is either gonna be for the Demoman or the Soldier.
And the way you get to choose, or at least have an impact on who gets the update, is by killing the other class.
That's right. So starting now, and I forget how long this is running, but I guess during the week,
you will be able to get the update for the Soldier by becoming the Soldier and killing the Demoman.
And if you want the Demoman to get the update, you need to go kill the Soldier as the Demoman.
So, that's kinda neat.
And it's apparently the, of course, the update's called The War.
That's kinda cool.
You know, Team Fortress 2 is one of those games that they have done a very good job supporting for quite some time since its release.
So, there you go.
Yeah, it says, also it says the update will award three new weapons to both the Soldier and Demoman classes.
Weapons will be revealed piecemeal over the course of next week.
However, two classes will be fighting during the week to unlock a secret fourth weapon for their profession.
Alright, moving on to one more story and then we'll get to our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Hey, this has to do with Borderlands. Of course, this is kinda one of those games, I don't wanna say it's flying under the radar, so to speak,
but I think it fell off a lot of people's radars.
It's really sweet. I'm gonna play it this weekend.
It's doing very good, kinda like, you know, word of mouth and so forth.
And it's getting a second download content. It's called Mad Moxie's Underdome Riot.
And you can probably just even tell by the name.
It sounds a lot like it's inspired by Mad Max.
But what the game will do there is it's actually adding some new Riot mode arenas for single player and co-op.
There's gonna be a bank where you can store your weapons and the whole thing's gonna cost you 800 Microsoft points,
or that would be 10 real dollars and that's how much they're charging on the PS3.
They're saying also it's an entirely new game mode.
They're comparing it to Smash TV in co-op first person shooter in the Borderlands.
That does sound kind of awesome.
So there you go.
I like that. It's a salacious pop in our chatroom at chat.orangetonshooter.com.
Calls it a first person looter.
So there you go.
Alright, so we're gonna go ahead and open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR
where we will take your calls right now if you want to go ahead and give us a call.
By the way, I just want to say I followed up in chat to one of the emails
because I noticed that Derek from Dead Pixel Live was in the all games chat
while we were getting asked that question on the mailbag.
And he said that it is coming back at 7.30 on Monday after a brief cancellation.
So there you go.
So stay tuned to All Games Radio and check that out.
And I'm assuming 7.30 is Eastern because I know that show used to come on at like 3.30 Pacific.
It was kind of early for us over here so I think it's just going to be on at a slightly different time.
So check that out.
Alright, and of course for all the ladies you can always check allgames.com
for the latest goings on at All Games Radio.
Hey, we are getting some calls believe it or not.
Let's go to the phones and take them.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Who's this?
Hi, guys. This is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, I just want to comment on the little story that this guy said a little while ago about firmware update 3.15 for PS3.
Yeah, the latest update on PlayStation 3. Have you checked it out? Have you used it? What's up?
There's a slight pitch with the update. Even though the update on the PlayStation 3 is in place,
you can't use it for the full use of playing the minis on your PlayStation 3 just yet.
Yeah, we did note earlier when we were covering it that not all the games are playable.
I guess some of the newer ones and the sprinkling of the old ones you can do, but not all of the new ones.
I guess they're going to patch that in later or something, right?
Yeah, exactly. In fact, apart from you guys, a few of all the sites made note of this.
I guess that I don't have all the details in place just yet, so I didn't want to give out any bad information.
But I'm guessing that they're going to arrange stuff in such a way on the PlayStation Store
that make it easier to figure out which ones you keep playing on your PlayStation 3 as opposed to which ones that still haven't been updated.
Well, I'm hoping that they get them all playable before too long. I guess that's the idea, right?
Oh, yeah, really. The one thing I definitely want to get and play is Tetris.
I know it's available on virtually every console known to man, but Tetris is a classic game.
You buy Pac-Man lots of times for different consoles. It's just one of those classic games you have to have. I understand that.
Spaznier, let me ask you this, though, because this came up earlier in the show.
And I'm curious because I know you're a Sony fan and you follow a lot of their stuff. You've been very loyal to them throughout the years.
A question came up earlier in the show about, you know, PS1 games are playable on your PSP and your PlayStation 3.
Why aren't PSP games playable on your PlayStation 3? Do you think this is something that Sony should move towards?
Let's imagine that technically it's possible. Let's just throw the technical aspect out of it. Technically it's possible. Should Sony do it?
From a consumer standpoint, I'd say hell yeah. However, from a strictly business standpoint, I don't think it would make sense.
Because I would imagine from a Sony standpoint they would probably lose money, so it doesn't matter how you want to look at it.
I'm all for playing your games, you know, the PSP games on the PS3, but I, you know, I love things really, you know,
come through push, come through shove, you know. I really don't see it happening though.
I don't see it happening either, but it's too bad because I can also see the business standpoint of the fact that where it might not then motivate the sale of systems,
what it will motivate the sale of is the games. I mean, you know, and all the games that are available right there on the store for digital download,
there's some stuff I would freaking love to play on the PS3, like the Final Fantasy remakes, even though I don't think those are in the store yet,
but maybe like the Castlevania game that came out by Konami. You know, there's a lot of games I would love to play on the TV.
Although, you know, I know I could use a video out cable if I want to do that, but maybe I want the convenience of not having to do all that.
But, you know, on a somewhat related note, you know, one thing that I think virtually every time you can hear replacer demos would like to see is, you know,
somehow they really bring back PlayStation 2 back with compatibility. You know, I know the early models, you know, PlayStation 3 had it,
and they kind of reaped it out, and, you know, yeah, they're trying to tinker with it a little bit with the God of War collection and Call of Duty classics,
but, you know, I would love to be able to play all my old PlayStation 2 games all over again.
You know, it's interesting because that rumor kind of comes around every so often about the PlayStation 2 games, you know, being playable on PS3,
and I seem to remember not that long ago, maybe four or five months ago, we had that Sega leaked memo, remember that,
that had talked about not just the PlayStation 2 games but the Dreamcast games. Like, whatever happened with that, you know?
I thought that was something that was supposedly rumored for the end of the year. Maybe, you know, things change, obviously.
But, I mean, this PlayStation 2 being playable on PS3, this is not the first or the last time this rumor is going to come up.
It seems like it's just a matter of time before software backwards compatibility makes it possible.
But, anyway, Spaznator, we've got to let you go and get to some more calls, but any quick final thoughts for us?
Um, nothing. I can't think of. But, you know, thanks for taking my call, though.
All right, well, thank you. Of course. As always, Spaznator, you take care, buddy.
And, by the way, speaking of Spaznator, I know he's a big fan of the OLR Club on home, which filled up.
We maxed it out. 25 people's all you can have, so we got all the invites and that's it. We got a full club out there.
I can even join.
I know. Some of you guys didn't even join.
I don't go home.
Well, yeah, and sadly, not a lot of people do. We do need to set up a time to actually go on home and have a meeting, so maybe one of these days.
I'll just have to create Loki's porn hut.
And I'll kick anybody who doesn't show up.
I'll just have to create Loki's porn hut.
You do. You need to make Loki's porn hut. But, for now, we've got another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ronma.
Hey, hey, what's up?
Thanks so much. Couple of things. I'll be on my merry little way. Number one, I just had my 360 replaced yet again.
Again? What happened?
I got the dreaded disk read error, and because Best Buy screwed up the first time around when exchanging my console, I got it replaced yet again.
I seem to remember something like this coming up a couple weeks ago about the whole Best Buy shenanigans, so they didn't put up too much of a fight in replacing it for you?
At first, the woman at the counter kept telling me that, um, it's out of warranty, you've got to send it in.
I'm having an argument with the telly app, two-year coverage. It was replaced once. I went replaced again. I still have time on it.
The customer service manager comes over. After she tells security, I attempted to jump over the counter and smack the living daylights out of her, which I'm just standing there looking at her like, what is your problem?
Wow.
So the customer service manager says, he had his whole Geek Squad blow it out with compressed air, which is something I already did. He says, take it home. If it works, it works. If not, bring it back and exchange it. So, I now have an Elite sitting on my counter.
How does blowing out a console fix a DVD drive?
Well, it works on Nintendo, I don't know.
I don't know, you tell me.
Wow. Alright, well, I guess, there you go. They finally got you one though, right?
Yeah, only thing, yeah. I had to swap out the hard drive. I'm sitting there like, well, I could take the 120-gig hard drive, come home with it, and my roommate would kill me because of all the saves, or I could just take the 60-gig, which I did.
What else is going on in your gaming world, Rama?
Not too much. I started back into playing Legend of Zelda Phantom Hourglass because I forgot where I left off at, so I'm starting from scratch.
Well, sometimes that's what you got to do. You got to start all over.
Yeah, but don't just hate that. You pick up an RPG after you haven't played it for a long time, and you're like, where the hell was I? Damn it, I have to go all over.
Yeah, I did that with Lost Odyssey. I was on the second disc or something, and then I went back and played it again. I got all the way to the third disc, and now it's been a few months since I played. If I wanted to go back, I'd probably have to start from the beginning again.
I will say, though, what little I've played of Dragon Age Origins, I do like, though, that whenever on the loading screen of Dragon Age Origins, it gives you a one-paragraph summary of where you are in the story.
I thought that was a really smart feature. It kind of reminds you of what's going on. I thought that was pretty cool.
Well, Rama, if there's nothing else on your mind, then I'll let you go so we can get some more calls, but thanks so much for your call. Okay, buddy?
I have one thing, and I'll be on my way. I talked about Avatar earlier. I want to let everyone know that a friend of mine, Kyle Hebert, who's a voice actor, he's doing the playable character Ryuk for Avatar the Game for the Wii.
Well, maybe we'll have to get him on the show. I know there's another voice actor we're trying to get on the show, hopefully in the next couple weeks.
I will let him know, and let's see what happens with it.
Awesome. All right, take care, buddy. Later. 877-GAME-OLR, if you want to get through, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Toll-free in the U.S. and Canada, but if you're in another country besides those two, I would really urge you to use Skype because it's free, whereas you get charged for using toll-free numbers in non-North America countries.
Do we have any last-minute stories tonight, Loki?
Real quick, a few things on the Xbox 360 hacking scene. The two newer light-on drives that were unhackable before are now able to be dumped through a new method that they've figured out.
And also, they found out a way to hack Xbox Live Arcade games, and now they can register any game that they have a demo for, thanks to Yaris! Yaris made it possible, so there was some good for that game after all.
Interesting. So Yaris had some good come out of it after all.
Of course, it does require that you have a modded homebrew-enabled system, which requires a certain mod chip and a firmware prior to...well, you had to add previously a firmware prior to June of 09, and then you can upgrade it to a modified firmware.
But of course, that firmware you don't want to go on live with, but it can be possible.
Interesting. Anything else?
Uh, Beat Raiders coming to the iPhone. That's kinda neat, I guess.
Oh, that's the Timbaland game, right?
Yeah. And, uh...
Did you hear he collaborated with Miley Cyrus on the new album? Like, that's an odd pairing, isn't it? Timbaland and Miley Cyrus, for real?
Well, she's trying to become more edgy, I guess.
I guess. I don't know if I can believe that, but alright.
Is that it? That's all you got?
Yeah, that's all I got.
It was. I mean, when all was said and done, it wasn't a super busy Newsweek, so...
Dark Soccer, I'm gonna ask you if you have anything last minute, but usually you speak up if you do.
Ah! I'm not feeling well, Rob.
I'm sorry. Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better.
I'm feeling lightheaded.
Oh, no. Well, maybe you need to go lie down and take a nap.
Maybe.
Well, the good news is, then I suppose for you, is that the show is just about done here. It doesn't look like we're getting any more calls, which...
There's a lot of shy chatters tonight. We got some people going, should I call in? I don't know.
And I'm like, well, call in if you have something to say, but the phone's not going off, so...
Well, the good news is, cause I ordered my pasta for, you know, cause I gotta go on the way home.
Is that for you and the wife?
It's for us and our guests that we have. We have our friend that just had their baby back in May.
Oh, very cool.
And so, I gotta go over there, but the pasta's not due to be done until 5.20, so that gives us 20 minutes if we want to break out some bayonetta.
Works for me.
I have to do that. But we're gonna go ahead and wrap up the show for now. Rama's pointing out in chat, by the way, Sky, Timbaland worked with Utada's first US album.
I actually know that. I don't hate Utada's first US album.
Like, I don't think it's like, OMG, greatest thing ever, but it's not bad as a piece of pop music. It's fine.
I think it was underrated, I think, by a lot of people. But yeah, if you're a fan of Timbaland, Utada's first US album, I'm looking forward to seeing her live.
That's gonna be a rare opportunity in January, so woohoo!
Anyhow, we're gonna go around and wrap it up. I know it's a little bit of a short show tonight, but it's been kind of a weird week, and also, right before Christmas, not a lot going on.
You know, people are just getting ready for the holidays and all that stuff, you know, which actually already started with Hanukkah.
It kind of kicks off the holiday season, and of course you have all the other stuff, so it really goes on through New Year's Day.
So things will pick up again as we get into next year and all the crazy releases. Doesn't mean we're going anywhere, though.
We will be back, of course, live on the 19th next Sunday right after Bobby, our usual time slot. We'll be there doing all that we usually do.
So now we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thoughts. DarkSakura?
I'm tired.
Sorry to hear that. Loki?
I can't wait to eat the pasta. We got the meaty pasta, and this is a shock, but I'm proud to be married to my wife. She wanted the bacon macaroni and cheese.
I'm like, yes!
Yeah, wish your wife a happy Hanukkah for me, by the way. If you wouldn't mind doing that.
And I guess I don't really have much of a final thought, but hail Godga. That's my final thought. Hail Godga, because it's the whole reason the show's getting screwed up tonight, so appreciate it.
That's it. Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Orange Lounge Radio. We really appreciate it.
You know, we do the show for free, and all we ask, if you enjoy what you've heard, tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word.
Word of mouth's all we got. We don't have a big, big magazine or anything that backs us up. It's just us.
We do accept donations.
We will be back, though, next. Yes, donations of money and food. Cookies are good. Macaroons.
I just gave Rob the last of my macaroons.
They were delicious, by the way. Anyhow, that's going to do it. Thank you guys so much. We'll do it all again next week on the 19th.
So, until then, I'm Rob, she's Jamie, he's Loki, and we're gone!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
