Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, the week of PAX East brought us new game reveals and new ways of revealing game news, but it seems one way of purchasing those games may be seeing big changes. All this tonight on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight with episode number 770 for this, March the 31st of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me here in studio, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
Here's my foot.
Alright, there's your foot.
I'm actually fairly accomplished.
Good.
I've had a week that good things have happened in.
That's good.
Well, I've been open with, you know, my surgery.
Uh-huh.
I fit into a size two this week.
Congrats.
I'm like, I've never been a size two. Maybe when I was six.
Yeah.
So.
Well, good job.
And I also made dandelion cookies.
You did. I've been eating them. They're pretty, they don't really taste like a lot like, maybe it's like a hint. It's like that, it's like just the.
It's meant to be subtle.
Yeah, it's a very subtle, subtle. So it doesn't taste like you're like actually eating flowers.
But they're edible the same way that rose petals are.
Yeah.
So there you go.
And good for you. Lots of beta carotene.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
She's just, she's just, you know, playing a prank on us.
It's really their spider legs.
But you know, I'm just going to eat them.
Then they have protein.
Actually, I'm most impressed.
Loki doesn't usually eat food from strangers.
I'm not a stranger.
But still, even us, he doesn't.
I am strange.
He doesn't.
He doesn't normally eat baked goods of that nature.
Yeah, no, he.
But thank you for eating my cookie.
He eats what he brings and that's that.
What did you bring today?
A sandwich from, really.
Sandwich is good.
Because it took them forever to make the sandwich.
They have to tell me the story about how they ran out of all the other bread types.
I'm like, I don't fucking care.
Just make my sandwich faster.
Hold on, I have to wrap it four or five times.
It's like, we're just going to open it anyways.
Look for a recipe online and they talk about their family history.
And all of the things that go into it.
And they're like, I want the fucking recipe.
You want the sandwich, I want the recipe.
I would say this is one of those socially acceptable times where you are able to say,
get over there and make me a sandwich.
Because you are in a sandwich shop.
So, it's a little more socially acceptable to be able to do that.
Well, I did the new modern way of shopping today.
I ordered everything online and just went and picked it up.
How convenient.
It's for grocery shopping.
I don't know if I would want to replace all my shopping with that method.
My neighbors have theirs delivered.
I do buy a lot of stuff online.
Well, it's just we buy the same things every week.
What are we going to do with all this commercially zoned space?
We've all stopped going to stores and things.
I don't know. Okay.
And this does tie into games.
Because we are a show that talks about video games, gaming news, gaming culture, and so forth.
And we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific,
9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice Geeks Network,
voguesnetwork.com, which is also available on Twitch,
twitch.tv slash voguesnetwork.
And I do apologize because I can see as we are streaming tonight,
we're losing a lot of frames as we upload.
We haven't, there's nothing unusual going on in the studio.
We just unfortunately have some type of bad internet connection.
So, as we would usually do when we were recording this as an audio only podcast,
we're going to push through for the sake of the actual podcast
and just hope it kind of comes back.
Because it looks like the internet is doing one of those things
where it's kind of coming and going.
But unfortunately, like, yes, we've shut off all our background downloads.
None of the other computers are on.
It just, it is what it is. So.
No, we're just doing the robot during the show. That's fine.
Right. Yeah. So, unfortunately, guys, there's not a lot I can do about that,
which really stinks because we are trying to attract some more viewers
and get more people here to join us on Twitch.
So, it kind of sucks when things that are out of your control
are preventing that from happening, but what can you do?
So, anyway, let's, let's, what else was I going to, gosh, I got off track.
I was, oh, speaking of games, okay, so this has to do with the delivery
and all that stuff. So, and this never happens,
but Alan and I last night were like, let's go to Walmart.
And I never go to Walmart, okay, specifically that store.
I usually go to Target. But for some reason, it was like,
oh, we haven't been there in a long time.
And I was like, I wonder if they've released any new of those mini arcade games
because they have that mini collectible series that is over there.
Let me actually, I'm going to stand up and grab one of these.
So, they have these mini collectibles. And yes, this one is new
that I picked up yesterday. So, this is this arcade classics collection.
I've only seen these at Walmart. I've seen a similar type at Target,
but I haven't seen the specific same arcade classics library.
I might be stopping by then. Is it the LCD screen or the?
It is. It's the nicer screen. You can play with that if you want.
I'll just go buy one. This is Ms. Pac-Man, is the one for the podcast folks that can't see it.
I picked up a Ms. Pac-Man machine because I thought they might have a new one I didn't have yet.
And I was right, they have Ms. Pac-Man. And then I also picked up Dig Dug.
And what's interesting about Dig Dug. But you already have Dig Dug.
I do have Dig Dug in the Target collection.
So, Target has the my arcade and Walmart has the arcade classics
and Dig Dug thus far is the only game that I know of that exists in both.
So, now I have two.
Which is better?
I haven't extensively played the arcade classic ones yet.
So, anyway, I told that whole story because my point was
that's probably not something we would have done if we hadn't like thought
oh, let's actually go to Walmart, let's go in there and actually go shopping and all that good stuff.
So, there is still benefits going on in person.
And then of course not only was it that, but it was like
oh, they have the potato chips and all the different flavors
like the hot pickle that we couldn't find anywhere else.
That's where I found the beer cheese flavor.
Yeah, I didn't realize that like Walmart is the place to go for the
and I'm not endorsing him, but appears to be the place to go to find all that flavor filled stuff.
Because the banana frosted flakes I can't find anywhere else now was there.
So, Dan says that by the way the Ms. Pac-Man and the Dig Dug and the Fix-It Felix are not new.
Oh, interesting.
They're new to me.
Oh, they're new to me.
Well, I'm just saying that apparently
I think it was the Ms. Pac-Man one I couldn't find for you.
Yeah, because they're all numbered.
And so Fix-It Felix, which Jamie got for me when she was at, is number 12.
So, I knew there was one missing. I knew there was an 11 that I was missing.
Yes, and I think that Dan had found, maybe Dan found that one and I didn't see it.
But yeah, I had remembered.
And I checked with Dan because I was like, do we have those?
Because I have no idea what the crap we own anymore.
And then Dig Dug was number 13.
Yeah.
So, we need more.
Yeah, I know.
Look, it's like filling up that top shelf.
I have to clean off another shelf space so I have room to put all these mini arcade games.
And at some point I'll have to do a YouTube or something to show off these different little collectibles.
Because they are really cute.
For the folks on the podcast that don't have the benefit of the visual, they're really tiny little machines.
They're like the size of, I don't know, like half a shoebox.
I think a She-Ra doll could play them.
Probably. Actually, yes, you could probably pose like your Barbie dolls and your G.I. Joe dolls in front of them.
Or a couple transformers.
And it would look legit. Yeah, so they're fun.
Anyway, let's get into some news.
There's a lot of gaming news that has happened this past week.
We have a lot of ground to cover tonight.
So I'm going to throw it right over to Loki, if you are willing to start us off with our kickoff topic tonight.
No!
Yeah, so this is not a big surprise to me because I always looked at, when they had these available in stores,
like, why would I buy this versus, you know, buying the physical copy or buying it digitally on sale through the store.
I just didn't understand the purpose of having these cards to buy digital versions of the games.
Now, granted, Sony is now removing these from stores, but there are still other companies that have digital codes there.
For example, Nintendo has a lot of these different indie games that are available that you can purchase by digital code.
But you think about it though, usually if you're purchasing digital, you're not going to the store because it's more convenient that way.
Or you're buying it on sale, which this card is never going to be on sale because it's a digital copy.
And it's specifically a certain amount that the vendor paid for that.
They're not normally going to discount those.
Once in a great while, but it's usually a large region.
It's very rare that that happens.
Funny enough, sorry, just quickly, on the Walmart topic, since it is newsworthy, I set foot willingly in one.
And I was like, wow, all these things are different than what I remember.
One of them was, the section for these cards and games on cards is huge.
Like half what I remember used to be the glass cases and all that.
I would say a third of that. A third of that is now games on cards.
And I was kind of like you. I'm like, who's buying games on cards when it's very easy to go on the shop and buy them?
But gifts was the thing that came to mind.
You have a lot of people on stuff.
Well, I guess if you wanted to just buy a card and send it through the mail or something like that to somebody and you wanted to buy them a gift.
Because you can't really gift digital purchases, I think, on many of the store friends.
That's something you could do, but at the same time, just buy them a points card and have them pick out whatever they want.
Grandma's not going to know that.
And I can kind of see, especially like Minecraft, okay?
Minecraft is a card.
Grandma's not going to know, but Grandma's going to know, oh, Minecraft is the thing that kids are into, so I'm going to pick this up.
I think you're not giving enough grandmothers credit.
Grandmothers now are seriously, like, some of them are our age.
True. I'm not talking about Grandma Skyrim.
But, you know, I'm talking, you would be surprised.
You know what? Obviously.
Like, maybe the great grandmothers won't get it.
Okay. Not all grandmas.
But you know what I'm getting at, right? I'm talking about that crowd.
Maybe what we think of as our grandparents never really understood.
Now, that's not necessarily true because I had to set up an Alexa for, or an Echo for my father-in-law.
So not everybody's going to understand what these cards are.
So, I just didn't understand why they're there.
Bobby's yapping in our chat, although I enjoy it here, over at, of course, twitch.tv slash vog network.
But he's bringing up some points that are worth reading here.
So Bobby Black Wilson in our chat saying, they're great for gifting digital games.
I've bought people digital codes of games rather than just sending them $60.
Also, you can't get a $60 point card.
You can get a $50 card and a $20 card.
So it sounds like a little bit like those dollar amounts might be kind of like, I don't know, the hot dogs versus the hot dog buns.
They're uneven.
You get a $50 card that doesn't really cover the cost of the game.
Also, you know that you're, you know that little Jimmy, going back to my grandma example,
you know that little Jimmy's not going to take your $50 gift card and spend it on porn.
Because you may not understand that porn isn't available, but you know what I'm getting at, right?
You want a little more control over what exactly that kid is getting.
Now, Bobby's also bringing up the story that I know he's talked about on his show about mother-in-law kind of messed up trying to do the digital games
because she created a PSN account to buy me some PS4 games and then learned he couldn't play them
because she just didn't understand how the system worked.
But she knew, oh, if I go to the PlayStation store, this is the cheapest place to get them.
So she did, but now they're on her account.
So it's, and it's, he's been writing all these tweets, like they will not refund the money.
They're being sticklers about it.
Can't you just sign in under her account and then like download them and then?
I don't think, because he got it.
He used to share accounts like that.
Well, keep in mind, Bobby's house, there's multiple PlayStations and things going on,
and he's married and the wife is a gamer, so they probably have separate accounts.
I'm not going to overanalyze the situation.
He said it wouldn't work the way it was, I believe it.
Okie doke.
But anyway, back to the point of these cards.
So anyways, April 1st is going to be where they're going to stop selling these cards.
No, that's not really a joke.
It's basically, you know, they're not going to be offered through SIE's Global Digital Retail Program.
The decision was made in order to align key businesses globally
to support full games and premium editions.
SIE will continue or introduce increased denominations
that select retailers, DLC and add-ons, virtual currency.
Season passes will still be available.
So there you go.
So now your complaint was that they didn't have those large amounts for the cards.
Now they're going to offer those instead of just specific games.
And that makes sense, because if you think about it,
I offer like a download for a specific indie title.
Maybe that title's not popular anymore.
And now it's just, you can't sell it.
Whereas if it's a, say, $60 card or something like that, then you can buy it.
What about, like, the fact that it seems with this,
Sony might be trying to bring this in-house
and force digital transactions to go through their own store?
Well, it doesn't sound like that that's the case.
I think it's more of an issue that it's just that they're going to,
that maybe these didn't sell that well.
Instead, they're going to address the need in different ways
so that you can buy those points and then purchase them through this,
you know, purchase your games through the store once you have those points.
So there's more flexibility there.
I think that it makes sense, because think about it.
Instead of printing several different types of cards,
you can just print the one card,
and then you can use it for multiple things versus just having all this.
It reduces shelf space.
It reduces the need, the extra cost of manufacturing that stuff.
And it's giving the consumer what they truly want out of that.
Instead of buying three $20 cards,
you just have one for a full retail price of a game.
So it sounds like they're still going to be doing, like, you know,
DLC and add-ons, different currencies and stuff like that, season passes.
That's another thing you see quite a bit of.
So the trending page, if you go to Recruitment on Monolith Sauce website,
you see this Zelda-filled page.
But here's the thing, I think a lot of people,
there's a lot of, like, big jumps to conclusions people are making here.
For one, on the internet?
Anyway, for one, of course they're making a fucking Zelda game.
Of course they're going to make another Zelda.
Of course another Zelda.
I mean, would Nintendo just decide, you know what, we're done.
Well, they are making several Zelda games.
It's not like we're talking about F-Zero here.
I know, it's like, Zelda, you get three games, F-Zero.
Zelda, you get more games.
F-Zero never happens.
Metroid, you get some more games too.
F-Zero, you get Falcon Punch.
F-Zero, we're going to, you know what,
there's these indie guys that are doing this Super HD Racing game.
I can't remember the name of it in the moment.
What's the big game on Switch that they...
Fast Neo, Neo Racing, that one.
And no shade towards that game because it's great,
but clearly Nintendo's like, oh, we got that, we don't need F-Zero.
It's all about the Mario Kart now.
But anyway.
Mario, you're going to get more games.
Yoshi, you're going to get a ton of games.
And, uh...
Excite Truck.
Anyways.
We hate racing games is what they need to basically say.
You know what, they just need to make a Zelda racing game.
Are you Mario Kart? No. Sorry.
Anyway.
But here's the other thing.
I think some of y'all forgot.
Like, oh my gosh.
Is the next Zelda going to be like Xenoblade?
Is that what's happening?
Because, like, Monolith's doing... Well, hold on.
Monolith's hiring for positions that are related to the Zelda project.
Y'all might have forgot.
Monolith helped on Breath of the Wild.
OK?
I'm like, dear people on the internet, calm by tits.
Calm it.
I mean, maybe they are doing a little more.
It's not like Nintendo is unheard of to seek out third party support.
For example, what, Namco fucking
lended a hand on Smash Brothers, right?
Am I crazy on that?
I don't think you're crazy.
So anyway.
You know what else they lended their hand on?
F-Zero!
Where's my F-Zero, Namco?
Of course, they don't make racing games either.
So, you know, I guess.
Monolith did the maps, I believe.
The landscape, the environment, I think
was a big thing that Monolith did.
And based on how most of y'all felt
about Breath of the Wild, myself included,
I think we would like Monolith to keep doing that.
They did a pretty fucking good job.
Yeah, Monolith.
Was it them or Nintendo that came up with
the weapon durability?
The weapon durability is not
a bad mechanic, OK?
It was a little much.
I just wish there was a way you could
tone it down. So maybe things break
a little less often.
That's why you have to hurry up and get the fucking mouse.
I want it to tone down to zero.
I don't want it in there.
It would be nice if maybe there's a mode
where you can just turn off the...
Hardcore mode. Call it hardcore.
Oh no, I'm thinking the opposite.
Master mode. I want Bobby Black Wolf
BFF mode where nothing breaks.
And you already know all the recipes
and all that stuff. You just go out there
and eventually... You know what? You don't have to know the recipes
as long as you know the combination.
That's true. I have an internet.
Dan got me a cookbook.
The Breath of the Wild cookbook.
It's not a legit cookbook. It's just
the in-game cookbook.
Miltonius Games in chat says,
weapon durability stressed me out.
Same. My heart rate definitely went out
playing Zelda.
I like some of the mechanics with the weapon durability.
I loved Breath of the Wild.
If I could change one thing,
that was the one thing where I'm like, OK.
If you got a shitty little sword,
you could use it as a projectile.
Or having
the wooden weapons if it was...
I thought it was a neat addition.
I did, but that was better.
But you know what should not be changed ever?
The fairies were fantastic.
And the horse fairy.
What were they called? The little mariachi things
that would increase your health and stamina?
Oh, the yaha!
The ones that you had to steal their poops.
Can you do that noise again?
Yaha!
I actually have that as
a sound tone on my phone.
Corox.
That's it. That's it.
And you had to collect their poop.
The seeds.
Their poops.
And you get a giant turd out of it.
I'm sure not going to be poop
is another Zelda game, especially if Monolith
is fulfilling a very similar role.
Honestly, would anyone be disappointed
if they just did Breath of the Wild
like a very similar type
of game, but like a new map
and a couple new mechanics
but basically it's Breath of the Wild 2?
Would anyone really be disappointed
if Nintendo put out that game? Because I don't think I would be.
You know what I would want, even though they said
they're not going to do any more DLC for the game?
I would want the world rebuilding mode.
Like, almost sim-like.
You know? Or just different quests and stuff.
Because, I mean,
Zelda, poor Zelda,
is coming back 100 years later after
you know, basically making Ganon her bitch.
And then it's like,
my house sucks. It's torn up.
I don't know anybody in this world.
We need to rebuild my kingdom here.
No, no, no.
That's just Actraiser at that point, then.
Exactly!
I'm okay with that, TDH.
Let's see, VGRealness says
they are 100% going to use that engine again.
I agree.
That engine's amazing.
I'm hearing it'll be Breath of the Wild 2 if not that exact name.
No, it won't be the same name.
Why would they do that now?
They never do the same name.
But, I mean, if you look at Ocarina of Time
Majora's Mask, I mean,
was the engine really that different?
I mean, sure, you had the big moon.
They were the same engine, and it played
very similar. And that's kind of more what I'm talking about.
And Majora's Mask started off as a different game
using that engine.
Oh, right, right. I think I'd heard that too.
It's true. Anyway.
NinjaBunny in chat says,
I didn't like Breath of the Wild at all.
Ooh, she's different!
Descenting opinion?
Descenting opinion? No, I'm not
trying to give you crap. But there's always
one in the room, right? But that's okay.
You know what? Here's the thing.
Everybody's got that controversial
gaming opinion hot take.
And people are entitled to be wrong.
And mine is Zelda related too.
Mine is that Ocarina of Time
is not what you all make it out to be.
Is it a good game?
Yes. Is it the game
y'all hold it up as?
For a lot of people though, it was their big
thing. Like,
for me, and Dan will disagree,
but I think Link to the Past is the best.
I would play Link to the Past any day
of the week, but maybe that's a GenX
thing, I don't know. Or
gamers of a certain age.
Yeah, everyone. GenX exists.
Cater to us. Alright. Anyway.
NinjaBunny in chat says,
I'm a guy, Rob. Gender is merely a suggestion.
Come on, it's 2019.
Um, let's see. Are you that insecure
in your masculinity?
There's also a quote, but I don't expect
everybody to know the quote that I gave there.
I'm also being silly. Bobby Blackwolf in chat
says, popular opinion Super Metroid
is not all that. See, everybody's got that
one wrong-ass gaming opinion
that they express once in a while.
And those people should just not
express them. It's like with
the zit. You're not really supposed to
express them. Every gamer has a voice
starts off. I know, I'm being that bitch
tonight. Some of us have to scream a little louder.
Okay. Anyway. And some people
just need to scream.
In all seriousness, let's move on to another story that's also
retro latest stuff, right?
Doth it be my turn to speak?
Yes, I think so.
Well, once again
we have another attempt
at a little teeny Sega Genesis.
In this case,
it is going to be
the, um, basically
like a Genesis mini.
I guess that's what they're calling it, yeah.
So, um,
it's going to have, uh,
40 classic games installed. I hate
that they say fucking pre-installed
because you're just fucking installing it.
You're not, like, installing it before
you're installing it. But it's locked.
It's pre-installed because they're installed
before you get the console and you can't
install more on them. Allegedly.
Allegedly. Exactly. That's not gonna last
fucking long. Um, but the other
games that are included on there is, of course,
Sonic the Hedgehog, Echo the Dolphin, Toejam,
and Earl. Um, a few
ones on there is Castlevania
Bloodline, Space Harrier 2.
Sega's doing a retro collection
and Sonic is a part of it.
Can I finish reading my fucking article, Rob?
I guess.
Shining Force, Dr. Robotnik's Bean Bean Machine,
Comic Zone, Altered Beast, and Gunstar Heroes!
Awesome!
Um, the one hope
that I have for this is that it's actually
Sega behind it and
not outsourced, like the last
disastrous attempt.
Okay, because that's what I was actually gonna
bring up, was that, wait a minute, we've had
Genesis, well, they're not minis,
but you know what I mean, we've had Genesis available
at stores, Genesize,
Mega Drive,
we've had, hey,
Genesis, um,
but we've had the Genesis
stuff available at retail,
the retro stuff, for quite some time
now. I believe they have, like, a
TV type and they have an on-the-go
type. You can buy one now for
$25.
Those are probably all bargain basement right now because of
this other news, but,
so this is special because
Sega is
like, policing it,
basically. Sega better be the
one releasing it.
I mean, like, fully behind
all the programming, because we've had some just shit
emulation in the past. But, why is
the controller only have three buttons, and why
is it not the six button controller?
What?
They're wired.
If Street Fighter isn't on it, you don't need six buttons.
That's probably not true. There's other six button games
I'm not thinking of, but that's obviously the big
one. Uh, Dartetsuya in chat
says, as far as I know, it's in-house developed.
Hell, I heard that Yuzo Koshiro
is composing the menu music. Oh, shit,
if that's true, sign me
the fuck up. 70 of them. Right?
Fucking love Yuzo Koshiro.
I mean, he would give us our streets of rage.
Yeah, I mean,
there would definitely be a precedent for him to be involved,
but I did not hear that.
Anyway. But anything
that comes with it are, is the
console, two wired controllers,
um, a USB power adapter,
a power cable, and an HDMI cable.
So,
sweet.
Now, Akdeft in chat is pointing out, the
Mega Drive Mini in Japan is
getting the six button controller.
Well, then I'm gonna import mine instead.
Um, now, you know, though,
this actually goes kinda along
with this, is that a few weeks ago
there was a, um,
a survey
that was put out
about for, you know, what would you want to see
as far as merchandise and games.
And the ones that they were listing
on there were the Shining series
were Puyo Puyo,
you know, were a lot of those
games that we're seeing on here.
Gunstar Heroes, a lot of it.
You know, and so I wonder
if that survey might have been
related to this.
I took it, you know.
Maybe. Because I want all the Puyo Puyo.
And what's funny is that I love that
they listed it as Puyo Puyo.
And not as Puyo Pop or whatever the crap.
I wish the console port actually opened
up and I wish they had the expansion port on the bottom so we can get
Mini 32Xs and Mini
Sega CDs. That would be kinda rad.
The other thing about that survey is that they were
talking about originally Japanese only
franchises.
And Questbuster points out, I did that survey too,
they were talking about some old properties like Panzer Dragoon.
Well, but the thing is that when they were
putting the list of have you played these games
in the series, they were going
to Japanese only ones. Like, they
listed, like, I do want to say
that they listed the PC Engine
Puyo Puyo among them. Puyo Puyo
Sun, which never came out over here.
So it was fairly interesting.
I think they're finally recognizing that there
are importers who have been fans
for a while. Sia Tabiri in
the chat says, would you guys want a 32X
Mini? Yeah.
Because, I mean, it had some of the best arcade ports.
I want a Saturn Mini. Yes.
Or a Dreamcast
Mini. I'll take either one. I'll take both.
I would. Or either one.
I mean, chances are I probably already have
everything that I would want on both, but.
So none of y'all are Mini
systemed out? This Genesis thing sounds
Well, I didn't bother with the PlayStation
Mini because the emulation was
garbage. I didn't bother with it either just because
of the choices they made. I found NES
Classics at Target
a couple weeks ago. Oh, really? For full retail.
Pick those up while you can
if you want one because they're not coming
back. I already have one. Yeah, I've already
got an SNES Classic that I packed the
bits in. I think
that's why they're not coming back. Zero.
Nintendo's not happy with how fast those got
ripped open. Well, on top of that,
legit, all you need
is the old console and an EverDrive.
The end. The end.
I mean, if you're going to put data on those chips,
you're going to be able to get data
off of those chips. Well, and the other
advantage to having, though, the classic
series would be the HDMI support
with no input lag.
That's that. Well, let's
move on to another story.
Loki, another another blast from the
past of sorts, right? Yes. And this is
kind of an odd odd one here, but
apparently Dance Central is
being ported to the Oculus Rift
and apparently the Oculus Quest
as well. Why
is so the keep it going?
I don't know how that's going to work. I'm assuming
that they're just going to track the arm motions
using the controllers. Kind of
similar how, I guess, Just Dance does it
with phones
or I guess it's all phones nowadays.
They don't really use the move controllers
or Wii remotes or
whatever the hell they have. Oh, you
mean the move dildos? Yep.
So they're going
to be porting
that over. It says it's going to
be exclusive on both of those platforms.
This will be the first time
it's been on another platform
other than the Xbox. They haven't
given any sort of
specifics on
what's going to be included with it, if it's going to
include songs from the first three games
or if it's just going to be the first game or whatever
the hell it is.
But it's interesting
to see this. I'm curious
to see how it's actually going to work, being that
the game, I don't know,
I guess you'd just see your avatar dancing
or something, but
it'll be interesting to see how this works.
And also kind of curious
to the fact that
they're going to port
this to VR, but I'm surprised they didn't go the route
of, say, a Just Dance
game, where
since they're just using
I would imagine, not necessarily head tracking,
but they're using just the arm tracking.
So you could essentially
do just a Just Dance
game, but with Dance Central and port it
to other systems,
we'll have to see how it works, I guess.
Yeah, when I was reading about this, I was kind of thinking
like, gosh, this sounds really
cool, but if it was
like PSVR, that thing is kind of like a
beast to have on your head. And it's one
thing if you're playing something like Beat Saber
where, I don't know, my head
is staying pretty stationary. Sure, I do the bobs
up and down and things like that, but from what I remember
of Dance Central is that you were doing real
dances, and I just think with that whole
contraption...
It's pretty heavy, yeah. But, doesn't
Oculus, and aren't they trying to scale it back to more
just like goggles that you basically strap
on your face? Isn't that what the Oculus
Go and some of the... The Go is,
I don't know how light it is, but it's
similar to, I think...
Again, I think it's one of those things that as technology
advances, it's not like my complaint
is not going to be valid anymore because
they're not going to be that heavy.
I think, though, for me,
it would make more sense not to do it
just VR because you would want
to have it available
to as many people as possible
that are going to play these games, and I would
think that the crowd that's doing Just Dance
would want to get into that.
I don't know
how this is going to track any more accurately
than it would with...
Unless, I don't think the base stations
can track your body movement, aside from
if you had sensors on your feet or something like that,
but... I don't know.
I just think that it would work better
if they didn't do it in VR, but we'll have to see.
And then also, how's that going to look? Because like,
you know, Just Dance originally,
or not even Just Dance, Dance Central, the whole
point was like, it was Kinect and you were just
kind of doing it without any sort of sensors
on you, and at least then that way you can
record yourself doing it and actually look like you're
dancing, but you're kind of looking weird dancing
with that giant VR headset on.
I just think it's going to be weird, unless you can do
some virtual camera with your avatar or whatever,
but...
Guess you can pretend you're dancing like no one's watching.
I mean, I would be super
into this with the control,
and what you were kind of saying,
the control mechanism, and that whole
thing with either the move, or the
similar, and I don't know what the technical name
is on the Vive, has those sticks
that you hold that kind of feel like a PlayStation
move, even though they're so different.
But you know, I would be all for
playing a dance game with that type of stuff
that's come a long way since the Kinect,
and just the fact that technology's advanced,
but yeah, I don't know about the whole
headset part.
I'll try it, but it just seems
a little...
I have to see it to believe this.
Dance Central was so fun.
I don't know if this is the case, but we're talking
motion gaming and stuff like that.
Is it possible to play one of these games
that uses the Vive controller
without the Vive,
or without the Oculus Rift,
just using the motion controllers and just playing
a game on your PC monitor or something like that?
PlayStation can, technically.
So I don't understand, couldn't we do it like that?
The move was purpose-
I understand that there's some of those
trackers that use the inside-out tracking
where it'll actually use the headset,
but the older stuff
uses the base stations. Bobby's trying to explain
some of this in chat. There's no more base stations
with the Oculus Quest. Oculus Quest is now
all inside-out tracking, so
Oculus Touch, not with the Oculus Quest
because the sensors are all in the headset.
There are no more base stations.
So it would depend on which piece of technology
you're using, basically. I guess. I don't know.
I just think that they would have a better adoption rate
with it being outside of VR,
but I'm curious to see how this plays.
But also,
Bobby's pointing out that
Oculus is paying for the
Dance Central game, and that's
why it's exclusive, so it's not something
that- Are we not gonna get Kinect Star Wars now?
No dancing to the Han Solo?
Or anything like that?
Maybe you can hope for a secret unlock
or something in the game. I don't know.
No? Alright.
Well, moving on. Let's talk about
everybody's favorite. It's a rumor,
but the Wall Street Journal
is reporting on this one, so
this is one of those rumors that's so loud
it's got the attention of the traditional
press, and in the case of the Wall Street
Journal, a lot of investors and people
that, you know, keep their eye on the money and such,
so take with a grain of salt, but
I know for me, this isn't the first time
I've heard this rumor, but- We've also thought
of similar things. Yes. So anyway,
here it is. Wall Street Journal is saying that
Nintendo is looking at doing two
new Nintendo Switch models, and
one of them could be this summer.
Possibly timed around E3,
I don't know, that's me making that up, but
I mean, it could be interesting if Nintendo were to
say, you know, at E3,
they're doing their direct, we're looking at doing this
new Nintendo Switch, and I don't think they could do
the whole, it's in stores today,
because it's very hard to keep those kinds of secrets anymore,
especially with physical things, but they could say
and it's going to be on shelves
next Friday, you know, they could
have that type of fast turnaround, maybe.
I'm fanboying a little
bit here and making things up, but they could.
Anyway,
apparently one new Nintendo
Switch model is going to be enhanced and
more powerful than the Switch you have today.
We're not talking like 4K
graphics, we're not talking Xbox
One X, we're not talking PlayStation 4 Plus,
but it's just going to be more powerful
than what we have today.
So far I'm a little worried, because
this reeks of new 3DS
versus 3DS, and
does this mean now we're going to segment the game market?
I hope it's not that,
but we'll see, I'll give Nintendo the benefit of the doubt,
after all, this is a rumor. The only thing I could see is
maybe that it's a 1080p
screen, and they have something to push the graphics
1080p portable instead of
just, you know,
720 portable, maybe?
I like that, let's go with that.
We'll go with that. More games in portable
mode running like they were docked.
I like that.
But there's also going to be a second model.
It's going to be cheaper, because it's going to
focus on the handheld mode, meaning
I'm assuming to take this to mean there's not
really going to be a dock. Nintendo
is looking for this to be
the successor to the 3DS.
Finally.
Finally.
The 3DS may finally
be done. But I don't understand how they're going to make this
any cheaper, though. Well, you get rid of the
dock, that's going to be part of it, and then
just the fact that it's been a couple years
maybe it'll be a little smaller, you know,
who knows. Maybe the touch,
maybe they'll eliminate the touch, because not a lot
of games really use it, to be fair. I'm making
shit up, Nintendo will be the ones
to answer this, but there's ways they can scale it back
a little bit. Okay.
But anyway, the Wall Street
Journal reporter, in the name
of the guy that's been talking about this on Wall Street,
is Takahashi
Moshizuki, is saying that
the different designs of these two Nintendo
Switch systems are different from the
original, and you'd be surprised.
I'm not sure what to take
that to mean. Perhaps the actual
system may look different.
Perhaps, you know what, Loki, maybe
to save on cost, maybe
the portable Switch, you can't
take off the sides.
Maybe those don't, like it's
just something that you can play
That's gonna suck.
You know why? It's gonna
suck because if those
Joy-Cons
handle dirt
and dust and whatever, like the ones I
have do, it's gonna suck because they're gonna
break and then you're gonna have a whole system to
replace. DJ Rama S
says, Rob, stop hating on the 3DS.
I'm not hating on the 3DS.
The 3DS and the DS, therefore,
have a wonderful, it's so
important for the history of portable gaming, and
there's a library of amazing games on
it that people should play, and if you never touch
one, you'll be missing out on some very great
experiences. That being said,
Nintendo has a
better portable system out now.
It's been many
years, many years since the first
DS especially, but to be
fair, even quite a few years since the
original 3DS, it's time to
move on. Like, I
just can't think of any other console
that's like lasted this long.
I kind of think what Nintendo
was doing is after they got burned a little
bit with Wii U, they didn't want to put
all their eggs in the Switch basket
until the Switch was a bona fide success.
Well, guess what, y'all? The Switch
is a success. The Fides have been
bonuts. The Fides have been bonuts.
So, therefore,
they can move on from the
3DS now and let its great
legacy live on in our
hearts and in our retro game collections.
Is that hating on the 3DS?
No. Alright, I didn't think so.
Alright. Let's see,
other comments in chat.
Bob Coffee says, I imagine Nintendo will
announce a cheap portable, one
portable only one for
Pokemons. You know, that's a great observation.
If there's any time
to release like a mini Switch,
it's cause of Pokemon. I think
I think you're, ding, ding, ding,
winner, winner, Pokemon
dinner, because
and which Pokemon is up to you? Because
it would seem like a
given that you would have this
bundled with Pokemon
like same day, like if Nintendo
the mini one will
be out with Pokemon. Bank on it.
Bank on it.
Let's see.
ActDeft in chat says,
new Switch XL or something like that.
Who knows? Who knows what the actual
system will be called. Tiger Claw
says, the Switch is a success
because it bridges the gap between handheld
and console. And the fact that
it's just got Nintendo's brand
all over it, you know, and
going back to like Zelda from earlier.
Like, that's just not a game
that exists anywhere else.
There's things that try to emulate
it and come, you know, I mean, certainly you can
say, well, Breath of the Wild was
inspired by Skyrim, but there's
nothing like Breath of the Wild.
There just, anywhere. There just isn't.
Anyway. Alright, let's move
on. Darsakra, what do you
got for us? A little more facts.
Things that are actually happening, for sure.
Well, do we remember a particular
game that never actually came out called
Penn and Teller Smoke and Mirrors?
I think that we do remember
this one, because that's what gave us Desert Fucking
Bus. I was going to say, Desert Bus
and the, basically,
the marathon,
the charity event, the drive
that they do for that every year
is because of Smoke and Mirrors, for sure.
Exactly. Well, it looks like
Penn and Teller are getting back into
the tie-in
video game stuff.
So, um, they are
going to, and whoever
wrote this article that I'm reading it from clearly
never knew about the Sega CD game
and only knew about the Desert Bus Marathon.
These kids today. So,
whatever the fuck. Um, anyway,
so, they did announce at PAX
East that Gearbox is going to be
working with them to do an Oculus
game. Oculus,
the Vive, the PSVR
headset that's going to be called Penn
and Teller VR. Frankly, unfair,
unkind, unnecessary, and underhanded.
I like that.
I do think the name
is great. They only have a title and a release date.
Um, which
I'm looking to see if they put
the release date in a stupid article.
Um, but at any rate,
um, it is going to be
developed by Gearbox, so hopefully it will be
better than
Smoke and Mirrors was supposed to be.
Um, but yeah, the one thing
they have on here is that it's going to be released in
June. They don't actually have the specific date
on it. But this, that name is great
and it's fun to say.
Unfair, unkind, unnecessary, and underhanded.
Yeah, no, I like, the name is great.
I just, I hope that Penn
and Teller and the things that they do,
I hope they don't use this as an excuse to make
like VR make me sick on purpose
type of thing. I hope it's a little,
I hope it's controlled.
Well, and it was always
my impression that at least
Penn doesn't
really care for video
games that much. So the fact
that they are licensing out to do
a video game is a little bit beyond me
so maybe, well, given
Do you know what he likes more than games? Money.
Yeah, but they're
fairly successful. No, they are. Their show's
been at the Rio for eons. Well, on top
of that though, they also have, I don't know if they still have
that TV show where it's like, they try to
fool the magicians.
But, you know. Oh, yeah.
And that's pretty fun to watch. I like that they've actually
been fooled a couple of times, but
not often. But
at any rate, you know, it's
it's just very interesting and I have
a feeling that there's going to be a lot more commentary
in this one, you know, down the line.
So. Now, I
sorry, I was gonna say, I know you're not
a big VR person because of the motion
and, you know, some of the other things that you deal with, but
if there is a
well, I guess there already was an, I see Bobby saying in the chat,
there already was a Desert Bus VR, but let's
say it's a Desert
Desert Double Decker
Bus VR. Would you give it a try?
No. No. Because I won't play a VR game.
It was worth a shot.
I'll play it. I'll try it.
I actually was trying to double check
to see if I could find the quote and it's back from
2012.
And
talking about how there is
the video games
for a little while.
Okay, here's the thing that I want.
The cliche of the nerdy kid who doesn't go outside
and just plays games is completely untrue.
It's also true for the nerdy
kid who studies comic books and turns them into
basically saying that the obsession
with video games can turn into
a creative outlet and become
a career or something
that would make them a creative genius.
I'd be curious where their opinions
are at all these years later now.
The video games are much bigger.
It's not that long ago.
I guess that's true.
So maybe I was wrong about the not liking games.
Maybe that was just like in the 90s.
Maybe that was the case and it changed in the
aughts. That's kind of more what I was getting at.
Maybe their opinions kind of come around as
now everybody's got cell phones
and more people play games because of cell phones.
It's a quote we're now. We've all got cell phones
so come on. Let's get real.
Bobby wants to point out though Gearbox made
it and Penn would never allow them to make
a game where it makes you sick. Fair enough.
They trust Randy Pitchford who is also
a magician.
I thought I heard he put on
a magic show at PAX or something.
He did.
Bobby also watches that show and said they did
get fooled every episode.
It's probably, here's the thing
those shows are edited in a way. They probably
shoot like 20 of those guys
and gals every day
and then they shuffle them in a way so that every
episode has one. Granted I don't really watch the full
episodes. I've just watched a bunch of it on YouTube
because I hate watching
sitting down for a whole episode of something.
And I might be wrong. Wasn't it on some obscure
cable network? I could be wrong. I thought it was
like I
I always saw it on YouTube ever too.
I just pull up a bunch of YouTubes of like
you know different acts within it and try to watch
them so maybe I just
don't have. I hate sitting down and just focusing
on a TV episode. I mean I will
only do that for just like things that I
am super fan girl about.
It was on the CW apparently
which yeah that is an obscure
broadcast network. I'm sorry. Speaking
of CW. The only thing I know about on CW
is Supernatural
and DC stuff. Well the
DC stuff is, DC is garbage.
Oh and Top Model. I do not watch any
DC shows but Supernatural
is going to be on its last season. Yeah I heard.
Finally I mean
I love the show but I stopped watching after like
season 10 and then
I've gone back and tried to like watch again
but
it was supposed to end after season 5.
That was the
end of the original story.
Spoiler. Sam goes to hell.
That's the end of the season.
I think that's how Buffy season 5 ended too
sort of. Well no. In season
6 she died. Yeah. And then they
did a season 7 which was garbage.
I mean it was okay. I mean there's
some big stuff that went but it wasn't a
great season. Now Pod Culture in chat says
don't be ragging on DC. I know some people
that are really. You are welcome to enjoy
terrible story writing.
Pod Culture and I know the critical myth gang
are like into those shows.
Good for them.
I'm just waiting
for Disney to get their shit together
and I'm also waiting for season 3 of Jessica Jones.
But that's going to take
Disney getting their shit together right? Because there's no more
Netflix Disney thing right? Disney's going to do
their own thing.
Will they still have Kristen Ritter and all that?
I hope she was good but you know
it's funny though. I like
I finally picked up a Captain Marvel
pop but I'm calling them
comic besties because they are besties in
the comics. So
that makes me happy. I have my comic besties.
Alright let's move on
just a few more stories for you guys before we get to the classic
game of the week. First Loki.
Alright so I
actually did get to check this out because
I almost forgot that it was even on
but Sony you may remember
was doing their state of play
which is kind of like their Nintendo Direct thing
and so they actually did
show off quite a few different games
that are going to be coming out for the Playstation.
Actually a lot for the Playstation VR as well.
So to kind of run down some of the stuff
that they showed.
Concrete Genie which is a pretty cool looking
game. They have that coming out now with
VR support as well.
They showed a
trailer for Marvel's Iron Man
VR which my kids are definitely all
over. More gameplay
of Days Gone which
doesn't have a fucking release date.
I thought that was supposed to be out by now.
Well
it's not.
Blood and Truth which is
a
it looks like almost like a spin off
of the game that they had in
Playstation Worlds where you kind of
play like the mob series and stuff but it's
another VR game. Ready Set
Heroes look pretty cool.
They had
Observation which is a
game that came out on Oculus
Quest. Now it's coming to Playstation
VR. They were showing
off
they're going to have retro skins for Crash
Team Racing Nitro Fields.
The old school polygon
stuff that's going to be in there.
Oh that's silly I like that. Yeah so they have
those. That's a good kind of silly.
They showed off a new trailer for Mortal
Combat 11.
I can't believe
that game is only like three weeks away. I feel like
I just heard it was coming.
I got to say with as much as you know my
opinion on the Mortal Combat franchise and all
that it's too much for me but
I got to say they did that launch pretty well.
They announced it and then like two months later it's here.
You may remember No Man's Sky
got the new Beyond
expansion that's going to be coming out which is that brandy thing
but they also have a new patch that's going to be coming out
soon that's for Playstation
VR as well so you'll be able to play that game
in that.
That's kind of rad.
I don't know how often I would like really use that
but I think it would be fun a couple
of times to just explore the worlds
and VR kind of get my fill of that
and that would be cool.
I think I did hear though that that same patch is
going to hit the PC and the relevant
VR platforms on PC too. Yeah so that would be cool
and then definitely another one. You'll have fun with
Robby's Five Nights at Freddy's VR Help Wanted.
Hell no. It's going to be coming out
as well. Hell no. It's
a great thing for the
franchise. It's the same guy doing it but now he's
doing a VR game. Yes and my son totally wants to
play that as well so that'll be... I hope y'all
have fun. That'll be fun.
I feel about that the way Jamie does
about the DC stuff. I didn't see it in here
on this list but I think that they announced
also Dreams is going to have that
beta test for Dreams as well.
I think, I don't remember if that was part of this
presentation or not but
yeah lots of things
coming out. Oh and then they also showed
Vacation Simulator again and they announced
the release date for that because I know I'm looking forward to that one.
That's June 18th.
Yeah. Lots of
stuff. I think we only touched on some of the
things that were in there but it was
a decent presentation.
I hope they do more of them.
SSG100Matt says
how many biddies to get Rob to play Five Nights
at Freddy's VR? I
would only do it for charity. I wouldn't do it for
as much as Bobby's going to grit
his teeth. But I think he'll agree
I would only do it for charity. I wouldn't do it
for our own pockets.
I would stream it here
but I'll only do it for charity.
I haven't thought of a number yet.
We'll see.
I'm like
getting scared just thinking about it.
The jump scares in those games are
horrible.
I can't even imagine
looking to the right and what those little creatures
are. They have additional things that you do like
repairing them and stuff.
I'm getting a headache just thinking about it.
Anyway.
Let's see.
Yeah, Shane's in chat saying
I told Rob he needs to play it the moment
it got announced.
Siya Tabiri says
who's charity and why will you play it for her but not
for us? Oh you.
Alright, anyway. What did you think of the
event itself? I heard it kind of got
kind of a tepid. It was okay.
It just kind of seemed like it was just like trailer dump.
Yeah. But I like, I do
like and even though I saw some comments in chat like
wow it was a lot of VR. I'm
kind of glad that Sony is supporting
this hardware that they put out and like
I'm okay with them like
maybe so that they don't feel like they
have to do this around E3 time. Maybe
now, yes I know Sony's not doing E3 but
still, maybe Sony's kind of like putting
this information out there now so it's like oh hey
look at all this stuff that's coming on VR.
You got a reason to own one. We're still
supporting it. And I can
appreciate that. So you know even if I'm
not into the Five Nights at Freddy's thing
yes I am into the No Man's Sky thing.
They're not going to have like some sort of announcements around
E3. They'll do
something but it might just be in this format
because more and more want to do
a direct style like they want to
use and Microsoft
has their Inside Xbox that they just
had one like last week so
yeah you know anyway
um what was there was
another comment in chat here I want to read oh
Spyro557 Jonathan in chat talking about
the Crash Team Racing.
Oh by the way the low poly skins are
a PlayStation 4 exclusive
so you don't get them on Xbox or
Switch and maybe that ties into the
fact that you know those games were
PlayStation games there wasn't those
same platforms didn't exist back then
so maybe it's kind of a special thing for Sony
because Sony was the original home
of those games so
all right well let's move on
and I think I've got one more story here before we
get to the classic game of the week and this one is about
you know and I've talked earlier
in the show about how I really think subscription
services are kind of the wave
of the future and another company
throwing their hat in the ring this week
Apple did a big thing earlier this week
and of course you know Apple does phones
and watches but this week was a
very different type of event
because and you know folks were anticipating
this it was supposed to be about
TV and what they're going to be doing for the
Apple TV and their own type of
Netflix slash Hulu
slash you know that whole
warehouse competitor and
so here comes Oprah here comes
Spielberg who just
hated on Netflix like a couple weeks ago
if I'm not mistaken but whatever whatever
because he's probably getting paid by Apple so
you know somebody showed him money and now he's on board but anyway
it sounds like they've got some neat things
but that's not games I mean then there was the whole
credit card thing which I was like I
I guess I mean because Apple pay
but anyway that's not the game part the game part
is they announced Apple Arcade
which will be a premium subscription
service for Apple devices so I think
many people kind of figured this was coming
we've heard these rumors about Apple for quite some
time so
iPhone
iPad Apple
computers meaning like Macs
right and Mac Minis things like that everything in the
Apple family and Apple TV
are all part of Apple Arcade
and so that kind of
oh I was only expecting the phones and the iPads
I didn't think but it makes a lot of sense of course
Macs and computers will be in there
too what are what's available in the service
though well they're
going to be getting games we didn't get a lot of
details on like exactly the games
but we do know the talent
and they've got some big talent so just like
they brought out Oprah and they brought out Spielberg
Sega
Konami we'll let it slide
Mistwalker which for me that's the
Mistwalker that's like
fucking Lost Odyssey okay Mistwalker is a big
deal Mistwalker is the studio that was founded
by Final Fantasy Hironobu
Sakaguchi so
I think they kind of threw
a lot of companies out there hoping something
will stick with somebody and that's the one that stuck with
me was Mistwalker I was like
oh shit so the next Mistwalker game is going to be
something on my phone but then I also thought
oh but no it's going to be on Macs
as well because there's that part of me that's like
but I like
the stuff I like to play on the phone
was built for the phone
like Ingress, Pokemon Go those were built
for phones right there's not a lot
although I don't know like Super Hexagon
I don't play a lot
but the fact that it's on
Mac now
I'm like okay
I mean the only Mac we have is the
one that's dedicated to the video for this but assuming
I took that plunge in the future or something
I got two in my house
and I actually just downloaded a game for mine
right and you know for all the talk
of LOL games
on Mac in my opinion
the biggest news out of this Apple
thing is oh
well yes we're bringing games to Mac
Konami, Sega
Mistwalker
God what were all these logos on the screen?
Devolver Digital, Disney, the Chinese
room which I thought they folded
but I guess not. Right it's probably their
catalog titles. I don't think it is
I because there was something else I read
that said no the Chinese room like those guys
are now a part of a different
studio but they're using that brand on their newest
project and the reason why I specifically
call out Chinese room that was everybody's gone
Rapture and Dear Esther which I
loved those games so when I saw
their logo pop up I was like
I guess I could see that on a phone
but I'd rather play it on a TV
I am super skeptical
but okay. Yeah
but anyway we don't know when
we don't know oh
here's the other bit Will Wright is another
big name they've got on the service so I mean
attracting the talent not an
issue but there are still quite a few
gaps in this such
as when and how much
and those and what and
well yeah and the the conclusion of
what specifically exactly
um and those are all fair questions
to ask but I imagine we'll find out
a little closer to when they're really ready to
roll this out so um
who knows but again I
you know I think this is kind of where gaming
is going anyway and I
kind of think the big news out of this isn't
really the phones as although
certainly that'll be the big user this don't get me wrong
but I think this is Apple's own way
to kind of be like guess
what since people have no problem
developing for phones
we're going to bring a lot of that to the Mac
too and not to say they're not already doing that
they have been doing that but I think the fact
that it's going to be like this in bulk in one
fell swoop so to speak
I think I think
it's kind of the biggest most news worthy
thing out of it but you know your
mileage may vary so anyway
um thank you Questbuster
I knew it was a studio that so Questbuster said
Sumo Digital bought what was
left of the Chinese room because Chinese room
laid off almost all of their staff except
the people that founded it were still so
Sumo got those guys
on board and so whatever they're developing
will probably be different now because they're staffed on
alright well let's just see but like I just
I'm so highly skeptical
with that it's like without
any sort of like here's what exactly
releases like here's the talent we have that's cool but
I need to see what it is and how much
it is and all that stuff a system is only
as good as the games that are on it
right? or a service
they see those why not
can the golden rule of gaming apply to services
as well I would say sure because
I think before too long services
are all that's going to be there no it's not
I just
I really do alright Bobby
wants to point out though in chat at least it's not
streaming so that is a good point
this is very different from Stadia because
Apple's not streaming these
things it's more of a
game pass if you will you're going to
log in download it and
although you might think like
you know oh my god bandwidth
caps and things of that nature these
games have not I don't think we're
looking at any 60 gig phone
games maybe two gigs
but it's just going to be a different
kind of currency
here I suppose so that could make it
very interesting we'll see
we'll see anyway
that's it for now let's move
on to let's go back to a
classic time let's go back to a classic
time when you didn't have all these
newfangled services the Googles and the Apples
participating in gaming
it was no no it was Nintendo, Sega
and Sony at some point
the classics so it's the classic game of the week
Dark Soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault and find
a game that she thinks hey
you guys should be showing this game a little respect
if you can this
one might be a little harder for people to find
I bought this in a bargain basement
import at remember
Game Masters
oh yeah I bought it from there
dirt fucking cheap so tell us
already what is the classic game of the week the game
is Panzer Bandit
it came out
for Playstation
in 1997 published by
Banpresto and developed by
Fill in Cafe
Panzer Bandit is
a fun little
beat em up brawler game
it uses the same engine
as Mad Stalker
Full Metal Force
and by the way actually it did get a
PSN release in 2011
only in Japan of course but we have
ways of making that happen
but anyway the way that you
control the game first of all
is you have two attack buttons
strong and weak your directional pad
for moving around crouching jumping
and then you have your shoulder buttons to change between
foreground and background
and can be used to activate your special attack
so that was one thing
I thought was kind of neat for a brawler
it kind of has that Fatal Fury
kind of vibe with the two
layers and
then another thing
for the
game that's a little bit unique is that
if you stand still during
an attack it's guarding
you also have a combo
counter and an
elemental attack that will launch
an enemy off the screen
so it's just a neat fun
little game but basically
it
it's a game that I'm actually surprised
never did come out over here just for
how fun it was and it was
as far as I remember a little bit of a budget title
when it came out but
and as we all know Banpresto
was the one of the arms of
Bandai so
I mean they also the company is
also responsible for giving us
Super Robot Tyson
Super Robot Wars
so but I mean the game
it's a little
obscure I mean
not many people have heard of it
but when I
played it for the first time I just
was enraptured with it it was so much fun
and so
you know there's not really a lot to say about it
it's just to beat them up
another thing about it is you have 12 characters
that you can play
4 story characters and 8 unlockable bosses
so there you go
it's just fun classic fun
brawling
sometimes you need a good beat em up
and darn it you've just played the shit out of
Ninja Turtles and Simpsons
it's time for something new
I'd tell anybody if you can find
this game or you get access to
Japanese PSN definitely
own this one it is super
duper fun actually some folks in chat
over at twitch.tv slash vog network are
saying some good things about it
darticuya says getting a guardian heroes
vibe orange right saying kind of looks like
guardian heroes actf says
this game looks great
questpusher says it's like a lot of fun
love me a good beat em up
it's ridiculously fun
and kai judo says
the kid is biting off sonics
look no
this different art style
I see where he's
got the blue spiky hair
if they did make sonic human in the movie
it might have looked like that
yeah but all you know lead
video game characters in the
late 90s had that whole
extra big well I mean
look at like
any of the characters that have
sort of sci-fi universe
alien thing that's just the
aesthetic but I mean
clearly lots of fun
and screaming and blowing up
cute robot enemies
and the art style is fun and the
it's just 2D brawling
delightfulness
so acquire it
however you might need to acquire it
look we have a boss battle coming up
dialogue
yeah
I noticed the
beginning of the game had a really long
kind of cut scene so I chose the video
tonight kind of to start at the actual
game because
we don't always have 10 minutes of discussion
on the classic game
you see the plane jumping too
like Cal is describing in Fatal Fury
that's a really
fun just added
feature in the game I mean I don't like it in
Fatal Fury oddly enough but I loved it in this game
so there you go Panzer Bandit
Panzer Bandit there you go classic
game of the week sorry guys I got to take it off the
shot now so those of you that are
watching on Twitch you'll just have to go find that game
for yourself play a little more maybe somebody will stream
it on Twitch maybe Dark Sakura after they beat
Super Mario World
oh fuck I don't even know
I thought you had this
well no I do but I don't know where
the PlayStation with our HDMI output
it's a fair question
where do I find the hardware to play it on these days
well no shit we've got something like
six PlayStations
well I think it's on the PlayStation Network so you could just
Japanese
and I'm not going to bother making a Japanese account
you could get the old school capture
device like the one you used to have
I have his old capture device
but we agreed
that we were going to do Super Mario World
in the future in the future down the line someday
maybe I'll just put up a bunch
of PlayStation games and say
yo guys pick one educate the children
on some of these obscure
titles they know Mario World
that game is fun I'm not saying don't stream that because that game is a lot of fun
and especially watching you and Dan both
is going to be a hoot and holler
I'm just going to tell him he's a jerk
speaking of retro stuff
those of you that have followed me for a long time
first thanks for putting up with my bullshit for all these years
but second you might remember that when I was trying to do the YouTube thing
I started this little series called Let's Remember
and I was doing like
it's kind of like Let's Plays but I would put in
a lot of facts in there
you're like a pop up video
oh my god that's a great way to describe it
it was like pop up video but for games
so I think I want to bring that back
you guys
not necessarily on my YouTube
only there was a video platform that we're using more and more often
these days
I'm just curious what you all on chat think about that
is that something you'd be into you might want to watch
check it out because here's the thing
we should do something like that
for a podcast
I'm going to tell you the moment
I knew I needed to do this and bring this back
because it was last week it was 7 days ago
do you know when?
when I brought up the game Star Tropics
and so many of you were like
never played it
I don't know much about it
I was like oh we got to fix this
so
you can blame Star Tropics for all of this
so alright
oh we got some good comments in chat
thank you guys I swear I wasn't fishing for compliments
I swear alright
but I think I will fish over to the
other studio we're going to do a little break tonight
I did a few minutes
of a play of
Crypt of the NecroDancer
which ties in a little bit more maybe to last week's news
but you're still all talking about it this week
it's that Zelda game
the Cadence of Hyrule
that is basically this but with the Zelda skin
but then I found a lot of you guys
because maybe you don't follow music games so much
maybe you don't know what Crypt of the NecroDancer is
but you really want to play
this new Cadence of Hyrule
so I thought let's take a look so now we can all
know what is
Crypt of the NecroDancer
okay
hello everybody it's Rob in the
other room the other studio
and I thought for our break tonight we could take a look at
this game now it's a little bit older
but a lot of people are still talking
about it this week
or these past couple weeks ever since that Nindies Direct
the game we're looking at today is called
Crypt of the NecroDancer
like I mentioned it is a little bit older but you know
just a couple years old
and today I'm looking at it on Steam
but I know I've played this game quite a bit on the Playstation 4
it might have been one of those PS Plus games
at one point I can't remember
I know it's also on the Switch which is probably
part of the reason why it's in the Nindies collection
and it's on Xbox One
it's pretty much
if it plays games this game was
probably ported to it at some point
and since Orange Launch Radio
is rooted in music
based games such as
DDR and the community where we really got
our start there was obviously a lot
that was very appealing about Crypt of the NecroDancer
being that it was like oh it's a roguelike
but it's also kind of a music
game little twist to it
so I thought we'd take a look at it because
with the Nindies announcement
in the past couple weeks
that Cadence of Hyrule
is on it's way out which is basically
at least as far as you can tell
this game but with the Zelda skin
I find there's a lot of people that don't
necessarily know a lot about this game
but are suddenly interested
because of the Zelda tie in
maybe I don't play a lot of music games
but I'm going to play every Zelda game so I'm going to play that
I prefer to use my keyboard in this game
so you might hear a little bit of clacking because I do use
a mechanical keyboard
but in this area you can move around
you'll notice there's no I'm just moving around
however I want I'm not tied down
to the music or what have you
so you're kind of free to do what you want to do in these modes
but this is kind of like your central hub
where you can go buy permanent upgrades
which is very typical of a roguelike
it's funny because the design
of this game actually kind of looks like
the old game Rogue
which is where that term roguelike comes from
if you've never seen it from way
way back in the day
it was a randomly generated dungeon
that kind of looked like this a little bit
so you can see in this hub there's
various things you can do
there's training modes you can do
permanent upgrades, you can take away
upgrades that maybe would be useful and so forth
you'll notice that the game will allow you to
play with a dance pad if you want
I guess it's a little more forgiving
there's a tutorial as well if you forget what to do
there's a bunch of other characters you can play as as well
although again since I've made a little more progress
on PS4 than I did on Steam
I don't really have a lot that I can play
with right now so we'll just go ahead and
keep Cadence which is
what I'm going to keep right now
although it may change like I believe if I
pick one of these other characters
yeah it may be like the bard
no beats, you can move at any time
and enemies can move after you
so this is like the Bobby Black Wolf mode
and if you're bad at music games
you have to slow it down a little bit
so you don't have to worry about hitting everything on the beat
so that might be helpful for some people
oops I didn't actually want to switch to him
I'm okay with a little bit of a challenge
because without challenge I won't screw up
so anyway I've been gabbing for a few minutes
let me actually show the game
so we're going to go into zone one
and you'll notice there's that little meter at the bottom
and you have to move in tight because if I don't move
see I get all these missed, beat skit
I get little deductions
my coin streak might break
or other types of deductions
so I just picked up a whip that's going to let me
have a wider attack and that's good
that'll allow me to kill those enemies
a little easier
because you'll notice they kind of move like you do
so I'm kind of strategically
I notice the length
with the whip allows me to hit these
little monsters
that's what happens when I try to talk and play
I skipped a beat
I like that the shopkeeper sings
so if I had like one more coin
I could get an empty heart container
but I'm one coin short
unfortunately
now I believe I have until the length
of the song
to get through this level
or there's like bad penalties or something
so there's the little gem
and gems are the things you can use
to buy those permanent upgrades
I don't remember what the bomb switch does
it's probably not good, but let's see
oh
now
it kind of made a little dent in the wall
and you can't, what's the barrel do?
oh
so if you get certain items
you can try to
yeah, I lost my multiplier because I ran into a wall
but you can dig through the wall
with certain items
and you might find like secret rooms
so there's a treasure chest, okay vision radius
that would be helpful in trying to maybe locate
hidden rooms
this dragon looks very scary
I died
because I didn't have enough health to take on
that dragon, that was a lot of monsters
in that room, yikes
so and then it gives you a little
recap, I got 46 coins but
lol you died
so I got to go back to start
and the whole process begins again
but because I picked up that one gem
I don't know if one will be enough
to get these permanent upgrades
like I could get a permanent heart container
if I had two gems
but I don't, I only got the one because I did kind of crappy
I ran into a hard boss though
yeah there's nothing
available for one gem there
and let's see
so riches I could buy for one gem
sure why not
so that'll be something that will now show up in chests
when I do another run through
as is again kind of typical
of where the roguelikes
are at these days is that
you play a lot of random generated
you know if you play things like rogue legacy
or other popular roguelikes
you kind of go through the same type of
random generated thing over and over again
but the only way you really start to really make progress
with that is that you're buying these
permanent upgrades that therefore help you
and in the case of Crypt of the Necrodancer
you even have degrades
that will take things out of chests
where maybe it makes it
so you have a higher chance of getting something you really want
because chests could have really anything in them
so let's see if I can do a little better
maybe one more time
try to get moving a little sooner here
a little less talking
now again I'm not going to have those same items in force
I don't have that whip
so I'm trapping monsters in this hallway
to try to get
I hit two keys at the same time
at least I got a gem
yeah these things are making quick work of me
instead of trying to run face first into them
you really want to strategically attack them
from angles and stuff
like I just did with that guy
like I just did with that guy
okay so now I got that vision radius item again
this must be a shop
I have an apple
for health maybe
sure I'll take it, I need that
and you'll notice that you use
different combinations
of keystrokes to use items
yikes that was almost a bad situation
oh wait no I want that
that says something about low health
yeah something's screaming down here
oh it's this gold bat
now what else is interesting about this game
is that they actually added it to Steam Workshop
so if you actually look on Steam Workshop
there's already
like Zelda type mods
available for it
like obviously people have skinned in
some of their Nintendo favorites
already into this game
and I did it
I got to floor two
so now we get a different song that we can dance to
I'm sure some of you watching out there are far better than I am at this game
but again we're just trying to help those who maybe haven't seen this before get a look
so now I'm up to two gems
so it's much more
what the hell is that thing
much more likely to be able to buy something in the lobby
when I inevitably die in this one
let's see
oh that guy was kind of caught on that spring and kept moving up
turn out the lights I don't want to do that
hopefully the soundtrack is coming through pretty good
I know a lot of people are
pretty into the soundtrack in this game
and I think they do crossovers
oh boo I couldn't kill that thing
it must be one of those things where
it's like a boo
oh I'm stuck this way now
those arrows are kind of
oh boo
I lost my coin multiplier because I needed a key that I didn't have
so yeah if you can imagine this
but like to dance these Zelda songs and stuff
that's probably going to be
uh oh there's that dragon that got me last time
ah much better that time
see I just had to get him to follow me a little bit
that's all there was to it
alright well that's all there is
to this little look here at
Crypt of the NecroDancer for tonight
we've been going for about ten minutes
I want to throw it back to the studio
but there you go a little look at what that game is all about
if you haven't played it again
it's available on a lot of different platforms
you can check out the sweet soundtrack
which incorporates popular songs from other franchises as well
I don't remember if I had said that
you can see even in this menu
there's a way you can play mods
make your own mods and so forth
especially on Steam and the platforms that support it
there's all sorts of ways you can tweak this game
and get a real sneak preview
of what Cadence of Hyrule might look like
but in the meantime I know I'm looking forward to Cadence of Hyrule
and I'm sure many of you are as well
so there you go
a little look at Crypt of the NecroDancer
we're going to go back to the studio live
thank you me for that
a little look at Crypt of the NecroDancer
Dark Soccer I saw you kind of looking at the game
had you played that game before at all?
or is that kind of the person you saw?
I haven't played it
I tried it a little bit
I just wasn't too interested in it
it's fun but I understand the whole roguelike element
and the random levels sometimes is not
and I was really surprised with how little I could remember
of that game
even though I played it pretty heavy a year or two ago
but when I was fighting that dragon
I was like oh crap I forget how you have to fight
some of these monsters
you kind of have to remember how to do that
but I think it's such a strong indie title
but it's also funny watching back the video
because I didn't realize how loud the clacking was
I knew that would happen
which is why I said in the video you're going to hear me typing
which is good for the podcast
because you can hear me clicking in time with the music
or not
but it was just kind of funny the way that all turned out
so there you go
as a reminder we're looking for more of our folks out there
to submit some breaks for us
or folks in studio
possibly to do that too
but man PAX East
to be in this weekend was a great opportunity
I was hoping to see some video from PAX East
but I understand y'all were having a time
at PAX East so it's all good
but if you are interested in creating a segment
here for Orange Lounge Radio
you can just reach out to us on Twitter
or myself personally
I don't care at MrRobRoberts
that's MrRobRoberts over on Twitter
there's a million ways to find us
it's very easy
just send me an email
robertvognetwork.com
and that's fine too
let's get back into some more gaming news
actually quickly before we do that
I remember Jamie
you kind of wanted to make this a regular thing
where at this point of the show you do a podcast shoutout
because we want to help our frenzies
and things that do podcasts
I've been putting out for suggestions and haven't really gotten many
I'm going to save anything that I get
for next week
but in this one I normally like to do the independent ones
but this is one that has been a mainstay
of my favorites for quite some time
from when they were vaguely independent
on into corporate sponsorship
and whatnot
but it's called Stuff You Missed in History class
it's by How Stuff Works
and I love these podcasts
they basically take
different events or people
or different things in history
compile from different sources
and try to give a very clear
my favorite ones are the ones where they do
unexplained events
or things
like the Lizzie Borden trial
where she was considered innocent
but people set all these different accounts
and they try to put the accounts together to see
what is the real outcome
I'm right now listening to one about Charles Adams
of the Adams family
I did not know he was such a playboy
and had two wives
named Barbara
our discord posted a movie poster
I guess they're doing a new Adams family movie
but it's animated this time
needs more Debbie Jelinski
that's all I'm saying
but she officially died
bring her back
we didn't see a severed head
at any rate
Stuff You Missed in History class
definitely worthwhile
not just if you love history
but learn something
it's a really really good podcast
and I love listening to
the two ladies who are on it
so they're a lot of fun
speaking of podcasts
you should be listening to, just a reminder that VOG Network
is more than what we do here on Twitch
we have some great audio only podcasts
that we work with
you can look up more information over at vognetwork.com
and one I would particularly give a shout out to tonight
would be Electric Sistahood
just because I know they are in
Boston
and go, I saw pictures of
my sister all over Twitter this weekend
so I know they go
since they're based in the Boston area
they go to PAX East
that's like their home convention
so I will be tuning in
since nobody sent me a video tonight
I will be tuning into Electric Sistahood
for the wrap up this weekend
we did a podcast with them at PAX East once
many moons ago
so yeah, good times
and then since I'll add to that
I haven't listened to them in a while
I have trouble concentrating at work
when I'm listening to a long podcast
or I shouldn't say concentrating at work
concentrating on the podcast
when I listen to a long podcast at work
but the debug log is another good one
they're a group of indie developers
out in the Atlanta area
who work in Unity
and they talk about Unity and game development stuff
all the time and they have people on their show
talking about different game development principles
and all sorts of topics
so go check them out
wow, we all had a little plug tonight
I like that, I want to make this a regular thing
spreading the love a little bit, good times
alright well, let's spread around some more news
but the rapid fire kind
and there was a lot, honestly a lot of this stuff
we probably could have spent a good 10 minutes talking about
but there's a lot of news this week
but it is what it is, let's rapid fire these next few stores
so here's your games
the gold lineup for April
you've got on Xbox One
the Technomancer
and that's going to be coming out April 1st to the 30th
and then of course
Outcast's second contact is going to be
16th through May 15th
and then your Xbox 360
compatible games, you're going to have
Star Wars Battlefront 2, the original one
that's April 1st through the 15th
and Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced
Warfighter 2 on April 16th
through the 30th
and then on the Playstation side of the house
of course this month it's a little bit lighter
because, you know, they got rid of all those other systems
so now you have Conan Exiles
and The Surge
and one of those has a penis slider
I'll let you guess which one
it's Conan
thank you
for letting us know
thank you for keeping us informed
and then of course
Risk of Rain 2 is something that they talked about
during the whole Gearbox presentation
and Risk of Rain
was a 2D roguelike
Risk of Rain 2 is 3D
and what's kind of cool about this is
it's in early access right now
you can actually purchase a copy
but apparently
well this is a little old now
if you had purchased a copy before March 30th
you actually got a free copy to give to a friend
but it still looks like it's a pretty decent game
so go check it out
I did not pick up a copy
so I don't have a copy to give to anyone
maybe
maybe in a future time
maybe
I may have the original game
but I still haven't
I'm surprised I haven't played it
well I wouldn't give away my copy of this game
because I like this game an awful lot
it's Minecraft and Minecraft made an update this week
unfortunately it was not the 4K update
that I was looking forward to
but Minecraft actually removed
Notch who originally created Minecraft
they removed him from the
game's splash screens
now one could infer that this may have to do with
some of the things
he says on Twitter
I blocked him because quite frankly
I don't give a shit what he has to say
and that's my personal opinion
but I don't know
they're not saying, obviously
Microsoft is not saying what
if it has to do with the guy specifically
or what it is
I think it's probably just more the fact that
the game has evolved so much
since he sold this off to Microsoft
yeah he hasn't really been working on it
it ain't his game anymore
it's now this Minecraft team
at Microsoft that makes this game
so the time was probably right
I do believe he is still credited
like
I think in the
actual credits
it used to say on the title screen
like it would rotate
there's like a carousel of things
kind of like our little ticker on Twitch
there's carousels and sometimes you're gonna see it says
follow Rob Roberts on Twitter
or follow DarkSakura on Twitch
you'll see those things
well it's kind of like if one of those said
well that would never happen here
but if it said created by such and such
and said person wasn't here anymore
it's like they took that out
so you don't even see it show up on the carousel anymore
so that was the update they did
that being said, where is my 4K graphics pack?
yes I want 4K graphics in Minecraft
well I got news for you, Notch is working on it
but now he's not
he wasn't doing shit with that
that was all Microsoft's thing
I think that was a concept thing that really wasn't meant to go
much further than that
where is
where's my Ouya Minecraft
that I was promised
when the Ouya came out
was that really supposed to be a thing?
it was on their screenshot
it wasn't necessarily something that they may have had
permission or saying
this wasn't actually coming to the system
here's an example of games
you might see on the platform
one of which is never really coming there
anyway
I thought that was more appropriate for rapid fire news
because one of those things where it's like, okay
they did a thing, but whatever
it doesn't really affect the game
anyway, this is a big effect for the game
and hopefully will be fixed by the time the game comes out
505 Games commenting on the Bloodstained
Ritual of the Night demo that they showed on the Switch
at PAX East
apparently wasn't running great
it was a little choppy
and unpolished
505 Games did kind of comment on this
to basically say there's still optimization
to be done
the build that was at the show is a long way from being done
the final product should run more like
the PC
which is like the
base one that all the others made
was the PC version running well?
I wasn't there
so I couldn't tell you
why would you bring a demo for something that doesn't work?
that's kind of where I'm at
why did they bother to show it on the Switch then
if it wasn't really working right?
and if people ask about the Switch
say, oh yeah we're working on it
it's coming out to the Switch too
we didn't have a version available to show you at the show today
but whatever
they made a choice
at the same time, if they hadn't shown it
then there would have been these other questions
no, there wouldn't have been any other questions
I'm sorry, we don't have the Switch version available
to show you at the moment
it still needs some more
enhancements
it's unpolished and not ready for the show
it'll be ready to go by the release date
I don't know
anyway, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night is coming
to the Switch this summer
it's also coming for PC, Xbox One, and Playstation 4
pretty much everywhere you can play a game
this game will be available
moving on to Dark Sakura
well,
Dead by Daylight is getting
another character
it's going to be Ash from Evil Dead
yay!
Bruce Campbell probably needed
to buy a new roof or something
please, let him deliver the line
this is my boomstick
well, I remembered
having seen him when I went to go see
the man with the screaming brain at the Crest
and he talks about how different
roles are like, what he has to pay for something
I was like, I wonder if this one's going to be
pay for his roof or a car or something
well if you watch the little announcement trailer
that was kind of the whole point of it
he made his announcement and was like, okay
who's got my money?
but at any rate, that's going to be
on April 2nd
so just in a couple of days
no fooling
no one's guessed what the joke is
so
guess what the joke is
and then this is the news that made me happy
that I alluded to it in my
what I've been playing
Steve Ritchie
really cool guy, going very very deaf
he is
a game designer responsible
for such classics as Black Knight
and Black Knight 2000 and
Star Wars Pinball, he's doing a lot of stuff for Stern
right now
well, we remember
hearing that he was
told he finally gets to work on his dream game
that dream game
and Dan and I were like, oh it's another Black Knight, it's another Black Knight
turns out, it's another Black Knight
so Black Knight Sword of
Rage is the new one
there is a
there's actually even a teaser up
some gameplay that's up
and then there are
going to be two versions of it
there's the pro edition which has just
one play field
and then the premium
which is the one that we're going to be getting
that's why we're selling off other pins
that has the upper level play field that
harkens back to Black Knight 2000 and Black Knight
sounds fun
I wonder if he's still doing the Black Knight voice
but the thing that I like is it's even got the spinner
from the Black Knight 2000
the color scheme is the same, it's got the
Black Knight in the middle of it and we're just so
excited about this
this is going to be one of the first tables
that we're really going to buy completely
brand new
it's like buying a small car
in some ways
the one that we're getting is going to be
67,000
we're probably buying ours at
6700
oh my god, 67,000
for a fucking machine
6700 is appropriate
I think he said the pro is like 52
or 55
and then the premium
is going to be like 67
and that's buying it at the show
so we're going to be
probably picking ours up at California Extreme
we may not have the money to get it
by, not Pinagogo
it's not called that anymore, Pinagogo is a different
thing now, Golden State
because they moved it from Dixon to Lodi
yeah, it's still the same
it's the same one as the old Pinagogo
but now it's Golden State Pinball Expo
in Lodi, the grape center, whatever, wine
thing, which I went last year
after DragCon, it was super fun
but
the, god, words
but anyway
Stern is going to be selling
there and at California
Extreme at the big pinball event
so we're probably getting ours at California Extreme
remind me, I need to talk to you about something
with California Extreme off air
just remind me, because I'll forget
alright, we're all going, right?
that's the plan, but I've got to ask you something
about that
anyway, yes, I am conducting
personal business on the show, deal with it
anyway, give me your money
but I'm looking forward to playing this machine
and hopefully Dark Soccer will let us bring the camera
over, maybe we can do a little midpoint break
and showcase the machine, that'll be fun, well once I have it
sure, once you have it, well I think we should do that for some of the other machines
you have today actually, well I've got Ghostbusters right now
or the ones you're about to get rid of
well that would be Monopoly
you know what's funny is that we always call it
Monopoly, because of the master system
misprint of Monopoly
was Monospace Poly, we've got one of those
like right now in the house
is Monopoly World Cup
Ghostbusters in the dining room
and then we have the Medieval Madness
hello!
we have the Medieval Madness reissue
Black Knight 2000 and
Theater of Magic, and then outside
we've got Judge Dredd
which I don't know why they like it, but they do
I have a creature from the Black Lagoon
Demolition Man, which we're going to be selling
The Shadow
and, and, and crap
they love pinball at your house
one other that I can't remember
it's fine, oh yeah
Twilight Zone, we've got our
Twilight Zone back, so
but you're Dr. Claw when you're thinking the pinball machines
is my favorite thing about this Twitch room
about me snapping?
the hand gestures that come through on Twitch
but this is Thing
it's Thing from the Addams Family, of course
alright, anyway
come on, moving on, let's travel around the world
and check out some releases, things that are coming out
a little sooner than this new Black Knight
machine, starting with the US, Loki
I'm afraid I don't have much
to announce, but we do
have one single game
which will be very
great news for my son
and that is Power Rangers Battle
for the Grid is coming to Playstation 4
it's a Power Rangers fighting game
that's it
yeah, it seems like it's a slow week
in Japan as well
I don't know if that's because golden weeks at the end of the month
or something, I don't know, but there's not
a lot happening in Japan right now
pretty light time, because everyone shoves that stuff
out for the end of the
financial year, and then it's just like
ah, that's true, the only big
release on April 11th, that's
next week, so I'll probably say this twice, but Earth Defense
Force Iron Rain is out in Japan on the way
I see that as well, so there is that
but then if I'm looking at the Switch, okay the Switch has some things
so on the Switch we have
Super Dragon Ball Heroes World Mission
the Taikan Sports Pack
Tennis, Bowling, Golf, and Billiards
and the variety game with
King Guiyo Suki, Card
Tsuji Puzzle, and Nika Kudori
these kind of sound like
like kind of shovelware, doesn't sound
like these are huge games, and that's
really, well the Dragon Ball
is a different story, but those other two sound like
they're kind of mini game collections, but there you go
that's what you got in Japan this week, how about the UK?
Anything exciting going on over there?
Just a few things
on the first
Darksiders War Mastered
Edition, and then on the
fourth YouTuber's Life OMG
and Super Dragon Ball Heroes
World Mission, Dragon Ball Heroes? Oh
I guess it's out on Switch
I always thought it was an arcade only thing
but Super Dragon Ball Heroes
World Mission is coming out
There were all the DS ones that came out in Japan
Well and it's the same thing
that was on the Japanese list too
Yeah, but I didn't think that
it ever had a European release, so maybe this is
Dragon Ball Heroes
is just kind of weird
because it's like you're two kids
who play in and get sucked into the
video game and they're part of that
they like become Saya-jin in the game
and have to do shit
It's kind of cool, but you buy like cards
for the arcade machine
and then it reads your characters on the cards
Fun, well I think Loki is
in the right ballpark though, I think this week in particular
is just slow because everybody
pushed for last week at the end of the fiscal year
so it's kind of like this is just a slow
period because of that
Alright, well moving on then
after world release dates
this is the part of the show where we would usually
get into the mail bag over at
participate at
orangelauntrader.com, although when I checked earlier today
it was empty, I don't know about now
Oh, there's one?
Yeah, there's one from today
Ok, then that's why I missed it, let's do it
Alright, this one comes from our
dear Ronchan
Evening everyone, great show last week
but I wanted to say a couple of things real quick
I don't have much hope
in Google Stadia, seeing how
it's going to rely more on software
than hardware. Honestly, if they
want Stadia to be a success, Google should
release a beefed up Chromecast
with more storage and memory and have that
as a dedicated streaming device to pair
with a controller. To me that makes the most
amount of sense, and I actually would second that
And then, ooh, to me about
what I said about Chrome
After the show I checked my task manager and saw
for myself with the many instances, but also
Firefox, Edge, and other web browsers do the same thing
And I
understand your views about how Google should
optimize Stadia for Safari, but Google
shouldn't have to because Chrome is their
browser of choice for obvious reasons
Yeah, they're going to want you to use Chrome
Perhaps once they have perfected how they want
Chrome to operate with Stadia, we could see
that same optimization on Safari
Seeing how Microsoft's new web browser
Edge is being redone with Chromium
and seeing how that's the majority
how that's the majority
browser being used, it could be a while
And that's all for now, I'm off to edit more con photos
and whatnot, stay awesome, I'll run that
You can still use Chrome on Apple products
It just doesn't run great
I use Chrome on my phone, and the reason why
it's in incognito mode
You have that on Safari
Oh, then they must have put that in there recently
It hasn't been new, it's been there forever
It's called private browsing
Because I use it all the time, because when I
look at, like, there's so many news sites
that, like, when you go, it's like, you've used up
your free articles this month
Going private browsing works fine
Well, it's been there since its inception
Oh, I don't remember
When you slide up your window, you'll get a new plus
for a private browser window
I'm used to Chrome anyway, it doesn't matter
Okay, so
Well, people are used to horse and buggies, but you see where we are now
You know what, alright
And Bobby Blackwell is saying you might want to reiterate
who Ronchon is
Rama! T.J. Rama S, he's my Ronchon
Our pal from the Anime Jam session
Maybe Bobby wants us to
work in the cheap plug for Anime Jam session
Hosted Tuesday nights here
Well, you can do that
You got it
Alright, anyway, so there you go
Yeah, Act Def says, well, there was an email
so no Drag Race talk, sadly, nope, we'll have to roll that over
Oh, girl!
I haven't watched this week anyway, so I'm not, well
I got, so, believe it or not
I've been trying to, and I didn't want to
talk a lot about this on the show until I was actually
making a habit of it, but I would say
since mid-March, Allen got us
gym memberships
And I've now been 12 times
So I would say I'm making it a habit
I haven't been good about every day
but I've been going almost every other day
So I'm trying, I'm trying to turn
this jigglypuff into some wigglytuff
That's just kind of, you know, I just want to
shape the dad bod a little more, that's all I want
And just in general, just be a little more active
I still was pretty
Do you remember that article about the guy who
went from like total twink to total bear?
Seriously
I'm not, I mean, I'm
40 and married, I'm not, you know
Sure, sure, I would like to, but I'm not
I'm not going to have a six-pack, and I'm totally fine with that
But exercise is good for your heart
Well, and also, I'm going to be on it
I'm going to keep it real, because I'm very real with you all
I watched
some of this show
on Twitch, and I
looked at myself and I said, that is
the biggest I've been in a very long time
I don't like it, I want to change it
And so, you know how you change it?
You do something about it
Exactly, change doesn't happen until you make it happen
So it's not just the
It's not just the
I just want to, you know, everybody views
You know, I'm just saying
If you are fine with your
figure and, you know, full size
That is fucking great
I'm just saying for me personally, because
wonderful people come in all shapes and sizes and colors
and formats and so forth
But I'm just saying for me, I looked at
this show
and I said, I'm capable
of better, you know, and especially
Well, don't you feel better?
It's been two weeks, give it, let's ask
me again in another month
You'll notice that just in general
you feel better, have more stamina
You know what I do feel better with is that I've also
in turn been trying to do more
Like I've been eating out at work a lot
Like I'll go to the taco place, I'll go to this place
I've really managed to
And you know what I finally did that kind of worked
Instead of forcing myself
to eat those diet meals
I eat, and I don't want to give them free advertising
But I eat a particular brand of meal
It's not like Hungry Man
But it's more like reasonable portion
meal, it's not diet
But it's 400 calories, 500 calories
I still feel like I'm actually eating something
As opposed to eating
you know, paper
Well I just like the whole fuck it thing
Which finally stuck in my head
I mean people call it mindful eating, I prefer the
fuck it diet
But for me it's like
If you actually are enjoying what you're eating
You may not feel like
you have to finish it
It'll be there, you can get it again
As long as you have reasonable
income, if you enjoy a food
You can eat it again and you don't have to finish it
So you know
And you guys have been very open
I'm really proud of you by the way, I'm proud of both of you guys
Again, save the kudos
for about 4 more weeks
I wasn't going to say anything until it was 21 days
Because it takes 21 days to become a habit
Save the kudos until I actually show some visible progress
But speaking of visible progress
You guys would know that Loki
was a bigger guy, a little bit
You were never like big
You know, you had a little more fluff
like me, but you guys wouldn't know it
Loki has slimmed down quite a bit
So good for you
As of the last few months
Sometimes the wagon, sometimes the trains
get derailed
Even with my thing, I've been on a plateau
I was on a big plateau for a couple of months and then started losing again
And then my weight hasn't changed
But I went down a size
And you've been very open about
You went through a huge life change
And you're like, your feet aren't going to get any better
Your back's not going to get any better
Until this happens
And I was very close to pre-diabetic
So I was like, okay, fine, I'll do it
And I have no regrets
PoppyBlackWolf says, I'm still fat and happy
Great?
Awesome
And Bobby
has a great presence on Twitch too
So it works, great
And he says, fitness, whole pizza in my mouth
If you are
If you are happy being squishy, then be squishy
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with it
And also, you know what, just because I'm saying I'm doing these different things
You think I'm going to rob myself of pizza
When I go to Dragon Con
You better believe I'm going to eat what I want
Who said yes to free pizza at work yesterday?
This bitch
When I went to Vegas
You better believe I ordered exactly what I wanted
Because
You don't always get to eat at those
I don't want no goddamn salad
You know what though
There are a few things that I miss
I miss buffets
I don't
I can't eat enough to make a buffet worth it anymore
But I fucking miss ice cream
Like real ice cream
And pudding
I can't eat ice cream and pudding anymore
I haven't been able to eat ice cream since the surgery
Ten years ago when I had my gallbladder out
What about like fat-free?
I'm sorry, let me correct myself
I can eat it
But it's one of those foods that my insides
Don't
Do you feel like you're being punched from the inside?
A little bit
That's what I feel like
I don't want to say the name
The stuff that advertises itself is only
300 calories in a pint because it's less dairy
I eat that stuff
And I eat frozen yogurt all the time
Froyo is great
But you know what
Anyway
The quest one does to better oneself
There are sacrifices to make
And if you
Again, change doesn't happen
Until you make it happen
Once in a while I will eat
Ice cream but it's like
I went to Dairy Queen
And I'm fucking having a blizzard
I don't care about the repercussions
But that's like once every few months
It's not an everyday type of thing
Anyway
So I didn't mean to get on that whole tangent
I'm sorry, the whole point was
I was trying to say
I've
I watched half of this week's
Drag Race while on the elliptical
But I'm not through the whole
thing yet
So I can't talk about Drag Race
Because I don't know who got kicked off yet
But I have a pretty good guess
But anyway, until then
We will move on with more stories
Let's talk about some more news
Then we're going to open it up for your calls
If you want to derail the show with your topic
You sure can
And hang out in the green room
But it will be a little bit before we get there
Because we got some more stories for you
Starting with Loki
So now we're laying off some more people
And this time EA is doing the laying off
The laying off I think was about 4% of their workforce
Or 350 people in
marketing, publishing, and other areas
Basically
There was an email
That was sent out saying that
We have a vision
To be the world's greatest games
If we're honest with ourselves
We're not there right now
We have work to do with our games
Our player relationships and our business
Across the company teams are already
Taking action to ensure we are
Creating higher quality games
And live services reaching more platforms
With our content and subscriptions
Improving our Frostbite tools
Focusing our networks
And cloud gaming priorities
And closing the gap between us and the player communities
That says nothing about laying off the people
At all
So I'm not really sure
You know
What the case may be there
It seems like with a lot of these other companies
It's to kind of
Meet the expectations of their
Investors basically
You have a company that's
Made so much money
That how are you gonna
Top that the following
Year because you've pretty much capped out
All the people that are gonna be playing your games
And now how do you become more profitable
While you lay off
Some people to make your operating
Costs lower
I have a theory as to why this all happened
But
You wanna hear my theory?
Let's hear your theory
And here's the thing
A lot of people are jumping at this going
Anthem ruined EA
I think this might have been planned
A little bit sooner than we definitively
Know how Anthem is doing or not
But we do know Apex has been
Successful and you know what we talked about last week
On the show and what a lot of people are saying
Very tongue in cheek about this
Is that EA paid Ninja
A million dollars to stream the game
On and
You know it got all that visibility
Who did they just lay off in this?
They laid off a lot of publicity people
A lot of promotional people and so forth
This in my opinion
And I'm just some
Dude on a microphone with a podcast
I'm not like an official investor or whatever
But I kinda see there's a link here
Is that EA has now
Learned that they can
Just take their case to the
Gamers in a different way and I'm not saying
That it's all
Gonna go this way I'm just saying
EA's learned maybe where they can
Make some change or where they wanna make some changes
Whether it's effective
Or not I guess that's for the market
And the sales of the games to decide
But I'll be damned if I don't see some correlation here
Between what we talked about last week
And this and my heart does go out to those
That are laid off I'm not saying it was the right move
Or anything like that but it's just
I can't help but notice this
Loki you think there's something there?
Well they were saying also that they're
Ramping down their current presence in Japan
And Russia to focus on different ways
To serve those players
In those markets so
I think it's just restructuring
And
I don't know I don't think that they're just
All of a sudden put all their eggs in
Social media influencers
Not all of them but
Some of them
They laid off the entire staff I mean in some of these
Other markets like Russia and Japan they did
But I mean
I just don't think EA games
Go over the same way in Japan
It's not really the same to the market
So I think there's other
Factors when it comes to those decisions
But I think they're all
Coming to a head at the end of the fiscal year
Which is why these things are shifting
And Bobby Blackwolf in our chat
Says business decisions aren't about what you did
But what you're going to do
And then Tigerclaw kind of follows that up with
I can see EA hiring a bunch of streamers
As their PR I don't think it's quite
The way you phrased it there Tigerclaw
But I think can
Are they looking at perhaps it's
More cost effective
To have some of our PR
Done for us by streamers
We've seen how that's worked out though
Because they did the whole Battlefield 5
Thing and I wouldn't see even
Battlefield 1 was like that they had
Social media influencers
Or YouTubers or Twitch streamers or whatever
Presenting and unfortunately they are not great
Presenters and it was very awkward
And again I'm not saying 100% of it is
Going to be streamers I'm just saying a good chunk
Of it but like I just
Don't see
I don't see how that's
Really going to hit more
I don't know if they're getting their
Money's worth with that you know paying Ninja
A million dollars
Is that really going to recoup a million dollars
Worth of profit back I don't think so
I think it's
I think they're wasting money there
But whatever I guess we'll have to
I don't know I don't see the numbers
Look at how Apex is doing I think
They did it Yeah but I don't think that's because of him at all
Though I think it's because it was a game
By Titanfall devs that
Look great I don't think it's him
Specifically I think
We keep saying Ninja because he's
Kind of this symbol of
Multiple streamers that are doing this
Thing and the general concept
Of social media influencers
It's just that he's been on Ellen so he's
Kind of the symbol right now of that whole thing
So to be clear I'm not saying
Him specifically but I'm saying
That market
If you will of him and streamers
Like him so anyway
I don't know I think that's giving
Them too much power to be honest
I think
I mean sure there's going to be
Some influence over there
Their crowd is going to get more impressions
To people that are maybe interested in that
Type of gameplay because
Obviously people that are following Ninja are
Into Fortnite
And so spinning
Off to another battle royale type
Genre game is going to be something
That's like oh hey you know maybe I could
Try that because it's free to play or something
Like that it's not necessarily going to be oh I'm going to jump
Into like PUBG or something where I have to pay
Money to I will absolutely give you
That the fact that Apex is free
Is a huge part of the reason why
It's succeeding absolutely yeah because if it's like
A $60 game I mean
I don't know if it would have done as well
But I just
I don't think
The thought process here is that
Well these
Media influencers
Seem to be helping us out
So we don't need our marketing department
No I don't think that's going to do it
They didn't eliminate the marketing department
They cut it back
That's the difference though
That's why I keep saying not 100%
But they're maybe looking at
Some of these dollars that we're into putting on E3
Right
No I understand that but it's not
You wouldn't cut back on marketing staff
You would cut back on your marketing spend
In different areas instead of putting all of my money
In TV advertisements
I'm going to be shifting more to
Web, video pre-roll
Stuff
Maybe these social media influencers
Put my money there
Where I know I'm going to get more of an impact
More of
A result that way versus
Some older ways
Of advertising before print
Magazine advertisements
Let's cut back on that
I think that's more of the long lines
And maybe if that's the case
And the shift to these other types of platforms
Maybe these people that were in those marketing positions
Were towards
Those types of
Marketing
Or maybe who cares
And we don't need to know about the inner workings
Of this company and it's not going to make their gains
Any god damn better at all
So who gives a shit
Sorry for the people that got laid off
EA I'm sorry I know you wanted to be the best company in the world
But guess what? Hopes and dreams aren't going to make
That fucking happen
Your lack of loot boxes and shit will though
And I'll meet you there
This is not going to fix EA's problems
Because it's very different than this
But way to have them spin
Well we're going to do it now
Okay
Wasn't there like a twin story to this
Something else to read with this
Because I want to quickly get that out and move on
So EA announced a new publishing agreement
With Velen Studios
So they have a new game coming
To the Switch apparently
It's like a team based game
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
It's called DJ Hero
Show me the game
They're making a game
It's coming to Switch
Look
Let's move on
I want to talk about some news
I think we all can agree on some great news
If you are
Especially an Amazon Prime person
Cheap plug by the way
If you are an Amazon Prime person
Then guess what?
You get one free Twitch subscription
Every month
I have done so today
Hooray!
Because then you can actually watch the video archive
At any time
The audio as it has been for 17 years
That same product the audio that we do is free
It's just something a little bit extra
But you can watch video archives of ourselves
Bobby Blackwolf
Now this indie game showcase
As well as anything we might do in the future
You'll have a nice big archive for our subscribers
So a big thank you to everybody who is subscribing
Using their Amazon Prime
Some people are paying out of pocket to do that
We really appreciate you guys as well
I think also today is the last day to grab
The 2500 biddies
If it's not already done
You can get 2500 biddies for
25 bucks which means Twitch is kind of like
Not taking their cut right now
So that's also
Because we really appreciate the bits and all that stuff
So it helps us in getting the word out there
And some of the plans that we have
For this year with promo and all that good stuff
Anyway those of you that are on Amazon Prime
Guess what? You also get
Other perks so you don't just get
Your whole like you know that you can
Subscribe to one Twitch channel every month
But you also right now
This is a big kind of a big deal
You get 12 months of Nintendo Switch Online
Free
So if you haven't signed up yet
Or even if you have actually
You can go get 12 months for free
And so yeah and I just did this today
You can extend
Your current membership
I think it only lets you 3 months right now
Then 90 days you can do another
9 months
That's I think what they're doing to
Like if anybody's trying to do the free trial thing
Because you could go in with a free trial
Of Amazon Prime or whatever
Get your you know
So they're wanting to make sure people keep it I think
So yeah you can redeem 3 months now
And then in like 60 days, 2 or 3 months
You can get the rest of it
But you know I imagine a lot of you are
Thinking about taking advantage of that
So yeah you can check that out
You see that pop right up there when you're logged into
Twitch TV
I'm signing up for it right now
And you can extend your current membership
That's pretty crazy
You know what this reminds me of?
This reminds me of the recent
Spotify thing
Where they were like, hey if you're a Spotify premium
Person you get Hulu Plus
You know it's this like weird
Alliance type thing they're doing
You know I'm sure Twitch has given Nintendo
Some money and so forth but
It's pretty crazy so
Anyway
Oh
Shane is pointing something else out here
This is also very interesting
Shane is in our chat saying
Unless you're in a family plan
Then you get nothing
So those people that were like
Coming up with their plan to share their family plan
With other people, doesn't work
This is only for an individual plan
Good good footnote
I don't have a family plan
Because it's just me and if Allen wants to play something
He just uses my account
He rarely plays anything on console these days anyway
So yes good call out though
Let's see
Tigercall on chat says I took advantage of this
But I can't activate it because I don't have a switch
Well
Maybe you'll be incentivized to get one
Or maybe you'll go to a friend's house
Or something I don't know
But I think it's kind of interesting
Actf says
You can add it to your current subscription
If you aren't part of the family plan
Yeah pretty neat
Yeah you can get that for free
If you are not already on a family plan
I mean
Hypothetically
If I'm not mistaken you could
Make your own account
That's not a part of the family plan
And then you could get it for 12 months on your own
But then why would you do that
You probably still have like 9 months left
In your family plan
That all started like November December
Might not be worth it I don't know
Anyway there you go pretty good deal
A lot of people are taking advantage of right now
Moving on DarkSakura
Well here are
I don't know it's kind of sad it's the end of an era
But Kaz Hirai
You know he went on to be the director and chairman
Of Sony after stepping down as CEO
Now he's officially retiring
And
But I mean he was the
Dude that gave us
DarkSakura
But I think he did a pretty good job
With Sony
So he's going to be around
As a consultant
You know to put in input
And they say he's going to continue to advise
The company until he
Decides not to
And
Yoshida Kenichiro
Put out a statement that says while he will be retiring
From both chairman and
Board of directors we look forward to his continuing
Support to Sony's management that
Encompasses a breadth of diverse
Businesses
You know for all the shit we gave this guy over the
Years about that infamous Playstation
3 reveal at E3
You know he did move on
To other positions within the company
And has kind of overseen the Playstation
4 and the success that has come with that
So you know
As much as we joke about whatever the crayons and all that
Stuff from back in the day I think
He really was fairly smart he just said some dumb things
They had a bad E3
And I mean a really bad E3
A really bad E3
But now it's a much different company
And I think
It's probably a good time
It's probably a good time for him
To transition this out
And I love the whole he's going to be working for them
As an advisor until he doesn't
Like
I'm going to be doing this until I decide not to
Well I mean that kind of is how it is
It's like us and Orange Lounge Radio
We'll continue to do this show
Until we don't
I mean seriously
That's how we are
No it is it is
Or until Rob has another big diva fit
You never know time is short
Yeah
Live long diva hard
Alright anyhow let's move on
Just a couple more stories for you guys and we're going to get to the listener round table
With calls and discord and
Questions in chat but Loki
You're really excited about this project
Yeah this is pretty cool
I never did get a chance to mess around with it
But it's been updated
So we talked about this I think months ago now
About the Mega Man Maker
That is out on PC
So basically it's this unofficial
Almost like a Mario Maker
Type thing for Mega Man games
Well now they've added some additional stuff
Into the game
That's focused around Mega Man 8 and 9
So they haven't
Done like a retro form though
So they've got four new bosses
Grenade Man, Astro Man, Tornado Man, Concrete Man
They have a quick swap tool
Multi-boss option
And then you can even have it
So basically that means you can have Mega Man fight two bosses
At once
And just like a bunch of other updates
New little gimmicks and stuff
In there as well
So if it's something you want to check out
I don't know where you can actually
Pick this up but I see that they have
Something on YouTube
Regarding it
Oh you can download it at
MegaManMaker.com
Of course it would make sense
That would be the URL for that
So that's where you can check it out
It's free and
I'm curious to see if anyone's made anything cool
With this probably
I'm with Dark Tetsuya in our chat room
Over at twitch.tv slash vog network
Who says Mega Man Maker just makes me sad
Mega Man universe never materialized
Yeah but you know what
When the official company decides
Not to do it other people kind of step
In sometimes and homebrew it up
And it looks pretty neat
They've got some pretty interesting things in this
So I mean it definitely
Looks pretty cool
I guess we'll have to check it out
Yeah that might be a fun thing to do some live streams with
At some point or something
SG100Matt in chat says
I was going to say Mega Man universe looked like an amazing
Idea
Tigerclaw says how about Metroid Maker
It's probably out there
Someone did do a Metroid Maker already
In fact there's some ROMs
Out there to do like fan built
Metroid
And they certainly have the shuffles
The random generated ones
I always mean to get in there and play some of those randomizers
I like the mixed randomizers with Legend of Zelda
Yes I've seen that one too
The Zelda and Metroid one
Yeah they did it at GameStun quick
Yeah that looks so cool
Anyway
Let's move on one more story for you guys here
And this has to do with
You know another YouTuber
But one that might not have as many people
Watching as a Ninja
But she should
Her name is Shirley Curry
Which I love her name
She's 82 years old and she is a
Grandma that plays Skyrim
She is the Skyrim Grandma
I'm going to be playing Skyrim when I'm 82 years old too
Well probably not Skyrim
She's like I was young like you once
But then I took an arrow
Alright anyway
This is cool Bethesda announced this week
She will be appearing in the Elder Scrolls 6
They use technology to scan her face
And she's going to be a character in the game
Funny enough
This little peek behind the scenes
That we saw
Is really like our first true look
At anything
With the Elder Scrolls 6
I mean that announcement trailer was what
A photo and a maybe logo
This was really the first true
Look we got at the game because
Bethesda's already said don't expect
This until Starfield's done basically
Which on that note
I should also say kind of like a tangent
From this Bethesda has also
Indicated you will not be seeing either of
These things at E3 this year
So if you are expecting that this will be
Starfield's year or this will be
Elder Scrolls 6's new Vegas remaster
Keep right on thinking
It seems like at this point Bethesda may be
Holding those things for the
PlayStation 5 next
Xbox etc etc
What's coming next for gaming
So don't expect that at this year's E3
They're setting those expectations now
Anyway this was all revealed at a PAX East
Panel this is where this information came out
It was actually an Elder Scrolls 25th
Anniversary panel I didn't realize the series
As a whole I mean probably because
Most of us didn't really really follow it
Until Morrowind I mean no disrespect
To like Arena and the games before it but I think
Morrowind especially Morrowind was on
Xbox so that's when the game really
Started to get more steam
The original Xbox not Xbox 360 that was Oblivion
But anyway
So yeah they were talking about the photo capture technology
And then they showed good old Grandma Shirley
Actually being in the game and
When asked for comment she said
This means a lot to me because I would be
Extremely happy to know that somebody else
Was playing with my character
In a future Elder Scrolls game
She has 483,000 people on YouTube
It's not a nothing
Nothing to a bulk at
She's got about a thousand times the people
That we do
So good for her that's great
I love that too
And I think that's so
So good what she's saying there about like this is
Something that will be there
Forever essentially you know after she's
Gone and as video game historians look back on
A game like Elder Scrolls 6 she will have
Played a small part of that and I think that's a really
Until she comes out and says racist things on
Twitter and then they can patch her out of the game
Well let's hope not
Let's hope she doesn't do that let's just hope
She's pretty level minded
And so forth
Slidekickingchat says Rob did you say this will be
Garfield's year? I most certainly
Did not
Starfield very big different
But I will say
Garfield and I both hate Mondays
So there is that going for us this year that's for sure
You know what always bothered me about that?
Garfield's a fucking cat and doesn't have to
Go to work
Why the fuck would he hate a Monday?
Just doesn't make sense to me
I don't know I also appreciate
Garfield without Garfield
Is that still a thing? That's just really sad
It is I love those
It is
Poor John
Ciatiberianchat says do you also love lasagna?
Hell yeah Hell yeah I love lasagna
Anyway
You know what
If we still had a fortune cookie I would have
you play Weird Al's Lasagna
Everybody in chat is
Bobby in act after chat
chiming in saying
John leaves to work on Mondays
That's why Garfield hates Mondays
Yeah but Garfield only tolerates John
Isn't that the truth
Alright let's get to the listener round table
If you want to call in to talk about literally
anything but Garfield
Hopefully it has something to do with games
You can join our Discord server
right now over at
voggenetwork.com
Discord and we're going to be taking
some of your calls here on the show except I'm not
configured here on the show computer to do that yet
So Loki
I'm sure you probably have some last minute stories you want to get to
while I get everything configured here right?
I've been looking at these videos
on Twitter so apparently Sonic
Ether's unbelievable shaders
for Minecraft is
probably pretty close so he's in
One of the experimental builds he has now
it has ray tracing in it
and it looks amazing
So
That's pretty awesome
I'll have to check that out
Apparently you can get it if you go back
I'm on Patreon Sonic Ether
They're $10 and you get access
to their experimental shaders
Apparently the ray tracing though is still
not entirely optimized it only runs at
25 to 40 frames per second
with far distance
on maxed out
PC so they had like a
9900K with
a GTS
was it
1170 Ti
or a 1070 Ti
and
but god it looks
it looks amazing
This is what I want to see
For the 4K pack
This is better than their 4K pack
Anyway before you get some more stories
We actually have some people waiting to call in
and be on the show tonight so I'm going to get to it
and get to a call. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
Oh they disappeared
Let me try one more time to bring them into the room
and see if they want to be on the show tonight
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
I'm on Ambience
I didn't know what I was doing on my phone
so whatever it's Shane
Hi Shane how are you?
I'm on Ambien and tired
Okay well that's
that's what Ambien does
so before you fall asleep what did you want to call in
about tonight to talk about?
So we know that
I defend Anthem a lot
I think it's a great game
Dustin and I hit 30
today
He just dropped out
Did he just hit the
disconnect button? Shane just fell asleep
He stopped making Ambien Skype calls
He just
just so you guys know he disappeared from
Discord so he either
that's not our internet or anything
or those problems that we were having earlier
he was in the chat and then he wasn't
because
you're looking at Britney Spears because somebody put that
in our Discord before I started
taking calls
Alright I'm going to try this one more time
Are you back?
Yeah I'm back I don't know what happened
You hit the disconnect or you quit or something
No I didn't I was just
straight up talking
It was taking Ambien too
You were talking about Anthem so even though
a lot of folks are expressing
displeasure with this game you're into it
What is it that
you love so much about this game?
It's fun the story is not
half bad
the flying is great
the different javelins make the
game feel differently for you so
I'm not big on just like shooting things
but I am big on being like a
mage and blowing stuff up
so I found something that works for me
and Dustin
doesn't really like to shoot stuff
so he found something that works for him
that just melees everything till it dies
so it's been pretty fun
it's like Mass Effect multiplayer
And so it was
worth the $60 at the end of the day?
Well I didn't pay
$60 because I
had Gamers Club
from Best Buy
so yes it was worth whatever that was
$42 or something
Right I always forget
some people are playing it through EA's subscription service
because subscription services are the way
to go these days
Well and that's kind of where my call
was leading because I love this game
the bugs are sometimes annoying
I got into a mission today and I didn't have a head
I didn't understand why
but I was flying around with no head
but
during my ambient shopping
last night
I
decided to
pick up PC copies
for us because he really likes
the game and I like playing the game with him
so I was like well now we can play on our PCs
if we want
because we've been playing on Xbox
and so we go
install the games, put in our codes
apparently since
Friday
Origin is
all sorts of broken for
the west coast and
central US and
Canada
It'll keep telling you you're not connected
online so you can't launch any of the games
Yikes
Yeah so this is one of those times
where I can't defend
something to do with EA that I like
because I actually think Origin is pretty good
but
this has been a real
annoyance today because we hit
30 and I was like here let's go
play it on computer and just get started
and we're just sitting there and it keeps saying
oh we see you're not connected to the internet
it's like no we are
interesting because
because Apex is all
through Origin I mean yes I know Apex is on
consoles too but that means
Apex isn't working for people too
Yikes
That's their bread and butter right now so that's
a little surprising to hear that
The only work around is apparently
using a VPN and having it
think you're like east coast
East coast apparently is having no problems
it's just the west coast and
central
Weird
I wonder if it's like the data centers that's routing you too
like there must be an east coast data center and a west coast
data center and so the west coast one is having
issues
Yeah since Friday and they haven't fixed it
so I don't know what's going on
I kind of killed my buzz for playing
the rest of the day so
That's too bad
Alright so
What?
And in the amazing video game news
I got the soundtrack
to Silent Hill 2 on vinyl
Nice
And one of the records
is like a black and red
swirl that you can see through if you
put it up to the light and on the
back of it and the little hole around it
I don't know the paper around the hole
says there was a hole here
it's gone now and it just made my day
That's pretty good I didn't know they were
releasing that on vinyl that's pretty rad
Yeah they also have Silent Hill 1
for vinyl right now but not 3 or 4
which is actually the ones I'd want
Alright well maybe if the other ones sell
really well they'll do the other ones in the future who knows
So yeah
Well I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls
but you know in the future you know you prevent
ambient shopping and so forth
Have you ever considered like when you take an
ambient like go to bed?
That's what I'm about to do
Alright just checking
I mean ask your doctor but it just would seem
like if you want to prevent
unnecessary shopping
you just go to bed when you take the
ambient
Ok they tell me to take it in bed but I take it like an hour
and a half early so the effects
start kicking in and even
then even then I would
just take my phone to
bed and then they're shopping right there
But then yeah I guess
you need to disable shopping on your phone
Real quick before we let you go because we are getting a question for you
in our chat room. ActDeaf wants to know
how many shinies did you get yesterday
in Pokemon Go?
3 Lotad
and I think
I ended either 15
no like 16 or 17
Castform
Wow I was going to say 3 is low
for you but that Lotad thing
Not a lot of people
Yeah people are not happy with the way those research
quests went down I guess
No. Oh and here's another problem
sorry I'm keeping me on the line
It's fine
At least here
the spawns kind of sucked
and I would see a lot of
Castforms just regular Castforms
but wouldn't it be sunny
like sunny Pokemon
weather boosted sunny Pokemon wouldn't be out
it'd be like I don't know
partly cloudy so when you
get quests that say catch X amount
of weather boost what are you
going to do? You really
can't
It happens at least 3 of the time
3 of the hours that we played
It didn't seem like the spawns were
increased but I felt like
we went to the usual spot at the capital and it felt like it was
ok it was fine
but yeah we
didn't have that but I never need
to see a shiny Castform again
Alright fair enough
Alright I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls
but goodnight
Alright
We're going to get to some more calls here
I see this person I don't think this one's called
in the show before so let's see if we can get them on
We're going to bring them in to chat and say hello
you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
Hey this is Ninja Bunny
Hey Ninja Bunny good to hear from you what's up?
I want to
talk about
wait hold on I'm echoing
there you go I wanted to talk
about
time investment
in games
Sure what do you mean
elaborate on that a little bit
what do you mean by time investment in games?
So I play a lot of fighting games
and
pretty much I feel like
if you get good at Street Fighter
3 or Street Fighter 5
or whatever the hell you're playing
those skills transfer
over to other fighting
games
and I don't really like to waste time
so
that's one of the reasons why
I don't play MMOs because
I don't feel like any of those
skills or anything like that
transfer over to other MMOs because
you still have to grind for
items and skills and all that stuff
Unless you say the melee class
Well I kind of see
where he's going though I get what he's saying is that
like generally you know when you're
playing fighting games like you push the stick
up you're always going to jump
but like in MMOs
the whole like backbone
about how the game functions
and you know the fighting style let's say
is very different between you know
World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy 11
and Guild Wars they're all very
different whereas you know in fighting games
you have punch, kick, jump
you have different types of punches and kicks but generally
you know and it's not to say all fighting games are
the same but I kind of see
I kind of see where you're going with this
so is
sorry we cut you off did you want to finish your thought or ask a
question or? Oh it's
just mainly why I don't like
why I don't enjoy games like Banjo Kazooie
or Donkey Kong
or anything where you have to like
collect a bunch of shit and it's also the
main reason why I don't like Breath of the Wild
Oh
right because I read you a little bit earlier
for the whole Breath of the Wild comment interesting
well you know and that's okay all joking aside
you know people like what they like
and that's okay because
you know for instance here at Orange Mountains Radio
we don't often talk about sports
games there's not a lot of sports we don't really
play Madden and stuff like that now
some of the old school classics like I heard they did
NBA Jam at PAX East today that's
pretty cool but you know
like a lot of the newer modern sports
games we just don't get into those so much
but you know I completely understand as someone
who's been you know commentating on this for a long
time there's a lot of people who play
sports games and who buy Xboxes and
things to play sports games
specifically and in some ways
you know what one could say what you're
saying here about fighting games in some
ways is also true of sports games
that like you know if you know how to play
football for real you kind of already
know what the rules of Madden are gonna be
sorta sorta but
you know but on the flip side of that
and I'm sure you recognize this but for
some people that collecting
that exploring
that's the reward that's
what some people love to do
specifically when it comes to Breath of the Wild
because you know a lot of people
think of Zelda as like being on this map
and you know this dungeon is here
and then you go here and there was you know
a lot of especially the older Zelda games was very much
a way that you progress
and you go through the game that with
Breath of the Wild it opened it up
and it opened it up really big
to a point where maybe it felt a little inaccessible
if you didn't really ever play these kinds of games
but at the same time also led to
a sense of reward for
exploration like oh I had no idea
this temple was hiding
behind this corner over here or what
have you and the whole concept
of oh sometimes there's
more than one way to get through
an issue like especially when it comes to like
the snowy areas like
what you can build a coat I think at some point
you can eat fire food
you can just fucking run for it and hope
you make it before you die there's like
multiple ways to get through situations
and that I think is fun for some people
as well but that doesn't what I think is
that the skill that you develop with something like Breath of the
Wild is the ability to look around corners
and so when I started
you know after playing a little bit of Breath of the Wild
I actually did apply it to World of Warcraft
and found that I was
well mostly to my breaking you know
barriers in the game and breaking
the game but I found that it helped
I do want to read
a couple of comments here in our chat over
twitch.tv slash vog network
Questbuster in chat says that's one of
the issues about games like Fallout 76
that the loot system
as it is right now doesn't respect your time
oh wow I found a legendary
mob and it drops junk again
you know that was a big problem in the
early days of Diablo 3 is that people
felt like the stuff they were killing was not giving
loot that was worth their time
but anyway I digress
so I mean let me just
let me ask you this NinjaBunny and then we'll kind of wrap up
like even though you kind of know this is where
you stand on these types of games
have you ever like played a game where you're like
you know I'm not usually
into this but this
I'm into sort of like how we
said oh we don't really play sports games
but I got a soft spot for Blades of Steel
I'm always gonna is there something that kind of like
breaks that down for you like
is there something that you play even though you
didn't think you'd like it
Xenoblade Chronicles X
interesting
interesting because that is
definitely an RPG and there's a
lot to do in a game like that
why do you think that game
kind of broke the rule for you
probably because it has robots
you like robots are cool you like robots
and mechs and stuff hey
whatever the reason I just think it's always
interesting that like we might say we don't like XYZ
type of game but then it's like oh
but there's this one exception because
it kind of did this thing differently in this case
you know what I'll give it to you
it was an RPG fantasy
thing that's not swords and
shields and magic and like I love all that
stuff it's fucking robots
it's different
right that was like the original
Xenogears yeah well I mean that's
you know yes so
anyway alright well NinjaBuddy
good topic I appreciate the discussion
take care thanks for calling in tonight
thank you you're welcome
alright um
let me try to squeeze in one more
call here I wanna try to wrap up
here pretty soon cause I got a headache coming on but I wanna squeeze
in one more call here cause I see a caller who I don't think's been on
the show yet um hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio
who's this
hello
you are on Orange Lounge Radio who is this
you may have yourself muted
cause we can't hear you so just make sure you're unmuted
and then say hello
okay maybe we should
say hello my mic my mic was muted
uh noob move oops
I knew it yeah it's always something along those lines
hello who's this sorry
this is Slakic I didn't realize
I got in the exclusive chat
line you did you did
hello hello you've called our
exclusive hotline it's FirstMate
Slakic am I talking to Craig
yes from the SS Game Buoy
how are you I'm
good and uh speaking of Game Buoy
you can go to gamebuoy.org we're officially
back we're going weekly
so I wanted to uh thank everyone
who you know uh has been
uh keeping us in
their back of their minds I
also wanted to wait wait you're going
weekly I'm so
happy our mostly weekly
I'm so well yeah there's always gonna be
exceptions here and there but I'm so happy for you guys
I was nagging you guys to do that a long time ago I'm
so glad that's so exciting
yeah we figured you know we're just going
to go for it and uh
keeping mostly the same
format but uh trying
on a little bit more of a conversational
take on things so we hope you like
it um but I didn't want to just plug
my podcast I did have a
question for you Robin I don't
know uh because I was just in Final Fantasy
14 and
I was dealing with that terrible
raid with um
Diabolos uh
like it took three hours just
not really but like it took a long time in the
alliance roulette so uh
I did not get to tune in when I
had hoped to but
um so my question
is like I don't know if you talked about
this earlier on the episode I
apologize but um
I wanted to know what your thoughts are
on the whole
vera controversy with
no male bunny boys for Final Fantasy
14 because I know that you
played a lot of Final Fantasy
11 where uh
you know there were only the
um the male only race
and the female only race and then
uh you were at the launch of
Final Fantasy 14 too right where we're still
gender locked so I kind of wanted to know
your perspective on that and uh
so I I did address
this a little bit on last week's show but that's okay
I don't mind um answering the question again now that I've
had time to like process my thoughts a little more
um I think the big the
the reason why I had a really big
negative reaction to the fact that they
did not do the boy bunnies it's
you know sure I was looking forward to Rolling
One and all that but also I just
thought the Hrothgar that they
showed that they did announce just didn't
look good like it looked like they were just
using the um Rogadin characters
but put these like animal masks on them
I wasn't really a fan of that like I almost
feel like they shifted course
part way through it's so
weird for Yoshi P to get up on stage
and be like this is gonna be the last race
this is it and then all of a sudden
get up on stage again later and be like okay
but we got one more race and this is it
and it's just it's just weird but here's the
thing I think the reason why the whole thing
bothered me it just seemed like this unnecessary
change in policy
and this has been a thing that was bugging me through
a couple things that Final Fantasy 14 has done lately
um and the reason why I say unnecessary
change in policy is that when Yoshi
and his team took over
and I want to make very clear a lot of people
have been very nasty online about this whole
thing and you know I am not about that so
like do not cyberbully people that work hard
to bring you games but I can say
I don't agree with this decision and this is
why when they originally took over
Realm Reborn you you
nailed it in 11 they
had this um the Mythra
which became the Mikote they were gender locked to women
only and then they had the Galka
or now they became Rogadin that were gender locked to men
only and they decided when they didn't
Realm Reborn they were like you know what we're listening to the fans
and we didn't really get the
point of the gender lock so you know what
eh we're gonna get rid of the gender lock and
give the fans what they want so
it seems weird to me that they would do
that and then suddenly come out
and say but you know what the Viera
are only gonna be females because
the lore that's the way the lore
is you know if you played Final Fantasy 12
you know it's the men stay in the
shadows and they're in hiding and it's like
bitch you write the lore
if you don't
like the lore fix it
like it's very easy
for you to do this and if you
want to talk about the lore
well they've directly connected the
Hrothgar to
Ronso and I believe
in Final Fantasy 10 somebody
correct me if I'm wrong there were
female Ronso in
Final Fantasy 10 I mean didn't
Kilmari have a wife or something
like I'm almost talking about it
yeah so like
it's so even worse
your plan B solution
is not lore
accurate and this also
just ties in the reason why I say this isn't unique
to the races in Final Fantasy 14
is it it kind of ties into the whole
problems of Blue Mage right
they had to make Blue Mage a limited
job because oh that was that's the
lore that's the way we remember playing them in Final Fantasy
5 and it's like you
Final Fantasy 14 is a new entry
in the series you have every right to
rewrite some lore like you
can make Blue Mage like take some of the
basic components of Blue Mage like oh
they learn spells from monsters and
like do your own thing with it
like they did the last time you had an MMO
in Final Fantasy 11 it came out great
in 11 so why
why this dude like it doesn't
so I will give
them credit they do seem to be
hearing the feedback pretty loud and clear
and I think they will probably
ultimately patch in the
the you know the male
bunnies and the female Rothgar later on
but it just seemed like it just like
why why all of a sudden are we
inventing these rules that like we have to
follow these old established
patterns like Final Fantasy
14 made a name for
itself by taking the pattern
that had been established by Final Fantasy 11
and smashing it so
break the rules
Yoshi you earned it
that's my thought
all right well thank
you for sharing your thoughts
you're welcome sharing
is caring I have a lot of feelings quickly
what are your thoughts you're a 14 player what are
your thoughts
you know I was going
to make I was going to consider
changing my aura into a bunny
boy but I really like my
aura so it kind of made that
decision easier I don't know I mean
I understand why people are upset
but
you know on the other
hand it is just a game
so yeah I don't know
it is I had my moment
I inhaled exhaled
and I played 14 you had your own touch moment
hunty yeah I did I had to feel my oats
and I went back and I played 14 again
this week and it's
I'm I still have concerns
but I'm I'll
be okay I'm gonna be okay
so all right
anyway slight kick everybody should
listen to gamebuoy.org and
maybe once in a while if you're into it reading is
fundamental as well it's a fun show
so yes thank you so
much for calling in and being on the show tonight I appreciate it
yeah thank you for having me
you're welcome anytime bye bye now
okay
I do see other folks in the green room I'm so
sorry I'm going to end the calls there tonight
only because I've got like this headache coming on
and we're already almost 20
minutes past nine o'clock because some of the tech issues
at the beginning so I do kind of want to start
to wrap up but I do want to make sure if there's any other big
stories we get those out as well yeah I'll try
to be very quick Sega announced
more games coming out so
they have some stuff for the Switch including Mario
and Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020
they're going to do an arcade
edition of that as well
the Olympic Games the official video game
that's on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, and
Switch and Sonic at the Olympic Games
Tokyo 2020 on iPhone
and Android so that's something to look forward
to pretty soon enter the Genshin
final update farewell to arms
was coming out on April 5th
as a free update
it's going to add new weapons items and
another secret boss room and two extra
characters the paradox and
the gunslinger so that's
something to look forward to this week
let's see
also
that guy
Tyler Barris
who was a swatter that got an
innocent man killed over a
mall
in a monetary bet of Call of Duty
he got sentenced to 20 years
in prison over that
that's what you get for being shit
he pled to I think like 50 counts
of I don't remember
false reports
I don't remember exactly what the charges were
but 20 years surprise manslaughter
isn't on there yeah I'm surprised
too and then of course
not to be outdone by PlayStation and
Microsoft had their ID
at
Xbox Game Pass
web video and
so they announced several games
that are going to be coming to Game Pass
day one including Killer Queen
Black, Outer Wilds, and
Blazing Chrome
and those are going to be
the same day as they launch
and those will be out before the
end of 2019 they had other ones
on the list as well but I don't remember
all of those
but it's neat to see that they're going to be
supporting more indies that way
that's pretty much it
ok thanks
Loki for holding down the fort while I ran
off to get a glass of water to try to make myself
feel better with this little headache I've got going on
again I want to apologize to those that didn't get through
but please feel free to send us an email for a future week
participate at orangelandtrady.com
but it is that part of the show where we go
around and get everybody's final thoughts
so since I see Dark Sakura finishing a chocolate there
I'll start with Loki, Loki your final thought tonight
my final thought is I gotta finish
over all these edits onto my cabinet
so I've got 8 down and probably
another 20 left
it's a lot
but it'll be new stuff to play
and they don't look easy at all
alright, sounds like much
including a Legend of Max
edit by Gatton
so that's, I'm not looking
forward to that, but I'm going to play it
let's see my final thought is
headaches are crap
and I hope this one goes away soon
I'm ready to take a nap
but at this late hour that would mean just go to bed
so that's what I'll be doing pretty soon here
as soon as we wrap up
Dark Sakura, excuse me, last but not least
your final thought
I've had a constant headache since the beginning of February
and I found out why
so
I just want some
good vibes, do not pray for me
because
prayer without action is nothing
but I would appreciate some good thoughts
unless you're a witch
then you can cast a good spell for my neck
but other than that
I'm about to go to Walmart on
purpose to buy the
machines that we're missing
we actually are missing Dig Dug
they had a couple more of those, I think they had a couple more
of both the ones I bought yesterday, so I think you should be fine
we already have the Ms. Pac-Man, but we don't have the Galaga
so I'll be going back for Galaga
Galaga is the target collection
no, but there was another Galaga
actually, Dan looked them up
so apparently there's a Galaga in that series now
he's still like number 9
I'll look at it, we'll see
but also chocolate is amazing
and one last important thing
for everybody, there's only one you
in this world, take care of yourself
alright
take care of yourself everybody
we will see you, we're going to do this all again in
7 days, have a wonderful night everybody
thanks for being with us, oh I almost forgot
my usual spiel, if you enjoyed what you heard
here at Orange Laundry, please tell a friend or two about the show
help us spread the word, because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice, but if your voices
aren't here, what are we to do, we're lost
and with that, have a good week everybody
we'll see you in 7 days, good night
you've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of
OLR Studios
to join us for a live show, tune
into fognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern
the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VOG Network, but you know
they were all still true
see you next week
