Think you're getting used to what you've got
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
The following live program is a special presentation of our program.
Orange Lounge Radio
Well, you know typically this week would be the calm before the storm
very quiet week before E3 when all the you know companies would announce their
new stuff
but boy we didn't luck out that way this week I thought I'd be able to nap through
tonight's show but
Did things just explode this week or what?
Just mass hysteria throughout the Bahmani community this week. If you've been living
under a rock somewhere, I guess we'll have to explain it to you.
And it's not just one thing. I realize one thing has been dominating the news
this week, but there's more to it than that.
And I think that's gonna be the running theme tonight. There's more to it than it seems.
I think the other thing is, I told you
So there's two themes tonight.
Look closer than it seems and Jamie told you so.
Exactly.
Orange Lounge Episode 142, right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the Orange Line Radium Line, the Montauk Radium Line, so much more.
Oh
God
Call me daddy
Orange lounge they contain adult content
Orange lounge may contain many four-letter words
Orange lounge may contain a scene of nudity
Orange lounge may contain plenty of
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 142 for this May the 15th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world. We're plugged in and fully
interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me
as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts. In this corner, the happiest bunny
on the farm is Jamie Summers, better known as Dark Sakura.
Hi, everyone!
You're very perky tonight.
I'm such a faker.
As opposed to the fucking bitch you were last week.
Just kidding.
I just wanted that reaction.
Aw, I love you.
Aw, I love you. You know I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Look, it's a three-hour show, lady. We've got a lot to talk about tonight.
All right. Tech Mask the Loki, on vacation tonight, actually. From what I understand,
the woman is making him put out tonight so that he can attend E3 next week. Or something
like that. I think it's actually not as crude as I put it, but, you know.
I think they should be thanking us for taking them off their hands for a while.
Just kidding.
The politically correct version of that story doesn't equal as good ratings.
So what's very interesting about tonight's show is that it's just Dark Sakura Night.
There are no special guests here.
Flashback.
As of yet, do we still have the folks coming that you were mentioning earlier?
I don't know. I don't have a confirmation.
Okay, we don't know.
I didn't want to go eat at the buffet at the casino.
Oh, that's a good place though. Anyway.
So it's just going to be Dark Sakura Night tonight, feeling the love, which is kind of works out because I know everybody and their mom wants to get on the skype line tonight, um, because of some, some news story that was going on, something about, something about like a jaw suit or a raw suit, I don't know, something like that.
Raw suit! Raw suit though!
This is going to be an interesting show tonight, so definitely check out our skype line www.orangeslaungeradio.com
click on interact with us and we'll be back after a quick break to talk about
many things going on this week including you know that that of which we say you
got served literally literally. Bitch I told you so! Alright we'll be back after this in this
break, some potpourri! Some potpourri. In frilly pastel colors. And in fact, we're going
to have Bamani coexisting with some, like one or two In The Groove songs. The way some
people would like to see it. But we'll see. Can't we all just get along? Can't we all
just get along? We'll find out. Um, no. We'll be back after this, starting off from Keyboard
Mania, Sensation. Yay. I'm feeling a sensation and I gotta go clean up, so we'll be back
after this.
...
...
...
...
...
The
The
The
We
The
The
The
Oh
Come on, come on, get ready, get ready!
.
.
Oh
My name is Susha. I give you my kiss.
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners? I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today. Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks. Did you have a question? Well,
yes, actually I wanted to know... Can I please have your first name
only and your birthdate, please?
Well, no. I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not. But what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Sakura?
Hi, dear. How are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Skye?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember
the pill all right I'm seeing some forgetting possibly and I'm seeing a new
baby in the next three months right okay well thanks for being on orange lounge
radio today um I don't mean to sidetrack your question here but who are all of
these nosy people outside influences I'm seeing around you by the moon card get
away from me orange lounge radio helping to free your mind and spirit I'm miss
Cleo, I love you!
I remember when, like, third Korean was the shit.
Thank you.
Um, so the only thing that's keeping us sane tonight is just acting a little crazy, so you'll have to excuse me.
I don't know about you.
Listen, barnyard.
I don't know if it's just me, but I've been kind of like in a weird funk all week.
Why don't I just talk to myself tonight?
Sorry.
No, I don't blame you.
Like, I don't know.
Tonight is supposed to be the show.
Like, you know, we're packing during the show.
The Survivor finale's on, and I'm having to miss it.
You reality TV whore.
I know.
And just don't freaking spoil it for me in the chat room.
I swear to God, that'll be like an instant ban for life
if you spoil it for me.
Everybody die!
Yeah, everybody die.
Hurricane!
That's how it ends.
You have to televise it too.
And then Loki's not even here.
So it's kind of weird.
I have enough anger for this show.
I know you do.
And there's no reason you and I can't do a show just by ourselves, you know, feeling
the love.
Plutonic love.
But...
Patitos!
It's like, couldn't I run a rerun tonight?
Do we really have to do a show?
I know, doesn't that make people excited about the show to hear me talk about how I'd rather
be somewhere else?
Dear chat room, we want ice cream.
But there's just too much other crap going on.
crap going on. We have to acknowledge it. It was supposed to be that everything is quiet
the week before E3 and now just the shit hit the fan. Seriously. In so many ways.
The shit hitting the fan had excellent timing. Anyway, let's talk about How Was Your Week?
How Was Your Day? We always do start off the show this way. I was a little worried about
doing How Was Your Week? How Was Your Day? because usually we have a studio full of like
10 people and we would have never gotten to the lawsuit stuff but this is just you
and I suppose we have the time so how was your week how was your day now first
of all to be grammatically correct that would be you and me whatever ha
actually that is one of my grammatical pet peeves but everybody does it somewhere
okay my week has been homework homework homework homework and homework I've been
doing two weeks of homework in one week I finished what the fuck did I do I did
my color harmony painting I finished that turned it in gotta be thank you I
burped off camera what the hell are you talking about I cut out a bunch of
pictures for my montage, I still have a few more to do, which is my final on Monday.
I got to do fan art as my digital illustration.
How cool is that?
I was up until 5 a.m. writing a tutorial on how to make live journal icons in PaintShop
Pro.
My tutorial looks pretty damn good by the way.
Had adventures at Target at closing time.
I went to Rapture on Thursday, which was very fun.
Rapture.
Not in the blondie sense, this is in the hi, let's all wear black and listen to industrial
music and get very drunk.
It was really fun, I had a good time.
I drank whiskey for the first time in like a year, it was good.
Guinness Guinness and whiskey makes me happy girl um it's just been getting
ready for e3 really getting stuff together getting crap off my laptop
which fries today by the data cable fries is fun fries is like going to the
zoo because you can look at electronics in their natural habitat see the mating
call of the USB cable.
Data!
Data!
MP3 players are damn expensive, by the way.
Damn expensive.
Even for the little dinky ones.
Stupid.
I bought Pulp Fiction on DVD today, which was $14 for the special edition, but I already
had it on LaserDisc, the four disc set.
Yes, I have and watch laserdiscs, and our laserdisc player still works.
Oh yeah, and I went to, not Fry's, but to Dimple Records, it's one of the local resale
places, you know, used records and stuff, and yeah, records are those big discs that
are hiding in your parents' garage.
But I found the Captain Jack CD, and that's pretty cool, it's like the old one.
Yeah, this is the Captain Jack CD, uh, The Mission.
I'll try to put this up on cam a little later.
Um, but we're gonna play a couple tr- uh, at least one, maybe two tracks from the CD a little later on.
So, this should be fun.
And remember, kids, don't copy that floppy.
Or what did- what did he always say?
Don't copy music?
Don't remember, I-
Man, I can't even remember our own show's inside jokes.
Do not copy the CD!
You go to hell if you do!
And the reference I'm making, of course, is to an old Captain Jack CD. I'm going to have to find this now.
Which, of course, is funny since you have it copied.
Yeah, exactly.
That is irony.
I also spent the week downloading a bunch of Radiohead and the Bees and Super Furry Animals,
which everybody got to hear at the beginning of my show on Tuesday.
By the way, of course, no show on Tuesday because I will be in a car.
Sorry, can't do that.
Um...
Can I interrupt for one sec?
No.
Please?
Okay.
Really, Japanese tourists.
Hey folks, this was CJ Radio presenting you Captain Jack's Greatest Summer Heads.
Keep the spirit, the sun is shining wherever you are, and don't forget, coffee kills music.
So, don't coffee, buy our records.
Five, five, party never ends.
Copy kills music. Thank you, Captain Jack.
Ow. Ow. Music dead.
Copied.
Ironically, that was copied from the original album.
I can't think of anything else, so I'm just not going to say anything.
I'm going to caress the ferret.
By the way, you need to figure out which ferret is being sacrificed
to the giant katamari at E3 because one of them will be stuck on the katamari at E3.
Get over it.
For those of you guys that haven't heard...
Retard!
Yeah, we'll find the retarded ferret, and that's the one we're going to katamari.
For those of you guys that haven't heard, E3 is going to have a giant katamari ball
where people can put whatever they want onto it, well, within reason.
You can't put, like, you know, X-rated things.
I think they said no clothing, so I can't put a pair of dirty underwear on there or
things like that so we've decided that we will be sticking the ferret a ferret
onto the katamari at e3 and we'll take a picture and of course post on we should
put the business cards on there too and I'm putting reject false icon stickers
on there and we might put one of our about media handouts on there as well we
have this is we're set for e3 this year we dark Sakura has twice the business
card she had last year because she was the only one of us to give away all her
business cards by the end of the second day and I gave away some yeah and she
She started giving away mine, and I only have like five left.
So Jamie now has twice as many cards at least this year.
And you know I whore us out.
Oh yeah.
So I'm excited about that.
Anyway, sorry.
My week and my day.
I played a lot of PSO Blue Burst, because that's in beta right now.
I played that too.
And that makes it, yeah, we all played.
At level 6.
Me, you, Miklotov, and one of your friends from the Gorillaz boards, right?
We were all playing.
Yeah.
Well, my character is like super gothy for a while.
Ooh, sorry, I just, I really like this thought from the chat room.
MPQ is asking, put UltraCade on the Katamari.
That's a good idea, but we don't want to stink up the Katamari with stinky UltraCade.
We should print out some pictures of us kicking UltraCades.
And then Illusion says, uh, you should put a Katamari on the Katamari.
You know what I wanted to do?
What?
If I have one of those little PDF files of the print cutouts, if we can, if I can take
my X-Acto knife to it, if someone can put it together, we can actually stick the prints
on there.
We should install Linux on the Katamari.
Yeah! We should put like a big Linux penguin on it.
Or as Tetris said, put NetBSD.
But I think Linux is really the one that, you know, yeah.
We should put the Linux penguin on it.
Maybe.
Hey, chat room. Okay, chat room.
Go ahead and PM me with suggestions for what should go on the Katamari.
And we'll think.
e3 email address specifically set up for your guys's questions because we are
going to be podcasting every day from e3 I don't think we're doing anything on
Tuesday the night before but we're gonna do something Wednesday Thursday Friday
night so make sure you're subscribed and checking the iPod or feed we've made
podcast more than that if we have time it just kind of depends what's gonna
happen but we are going to be giving you updates from e3 here's the thing
unfortunately I know a lot of you guys can't be there for whatever reason we
have an email address set up so you can send us questions if you want us to be
the investigative reporters and go investigate a game for you and find out some details and
bring back or you just have a question about E3 in general or you want a picture with something,
I don't know.
You're going to send us an email and then we will do that and give you the answer on
the podcast.
Calamari on the Calamari.
Anyway.
We should do a list list tonight even though it's just us.
Just us?
We could have my roommate participate.
Do you want to participate in a list list tonight?
My roommate has no idea what he's in for.
Yes.
Okay.
Cool.
Well, then we'll have to think of something.
But you have to remember...
We need to do things to put on the Katamari.
Chris?
Well, see, but Chris, do you even know what Katamari Damacy is, Chris?
Um, yes.
Oh, he does know.
Okay, he does know.
I do know.
Okay, so then maybe we can do that as a list list later tonight.
Oh, that's a good idea.
We'll get somebody on Skype, too.
In fact, I already have somebody in mind.
We'll get a special guest on Skype.
Okay.
So we will...
We can do this.
We can totally do this.
angry person yeah with his spiky hair and trench coat who's probably getting
laid right now okay cricket anyway like it's true what else did I do this week I
am I was lethargic all week on oh my car got broken in two that was my the
highlight of my way that you deserve to be a bit out of it this week yeah my car
got broken into Wednesday night I think it was Wednesday night my car got broken
in two and they took my stereo but here's the ironic thing I've actually
been using an iPod with the auxiliary cable on my stereo because the CD
player's broken hahaha you stole a broken stereo you stupid asshole but you
also took my class ring which was in a front compartment in the car and then a
Commodore 64 monitor which I don't know why it was in the backseat it just was
okay just shut up so yeah my car broke out got broken into that sucks you know
what else sucks is calling the police department to file the report and then
you ask them have you heard of any others any other break-ins in the area
last night and they go well you know we're really understaffed right now and
I haven't gotten to the messages from last night yet because we're all
volunteers here and I'm the only one here and I'm just like I feel safe here
and lovely. Especially for a complex of this size. No it was the city it was the city's
Police Department. The city is staffed by volunteers.
That's retarded. I'm gonna cry.
So, by the way, if Orange Launch Radio, if we get shot or something and we die,
you'll know why. Because the police is staffed by volunteers. Send all angry
letters to Sacramento City PD,
blah blah blah, blah blah blah. Anyway,
that's my week and my day, pretty much. How was your week and your day?
Okay, great. Let's talk about the big news this week. Huge news, let's just get into
it. I know a lot of you guys are tuning in tonight because you want to hear our thoughts
on it. In case you've been living under a rock or something, I'm going to play for you
guys our first news break. We actually did a news break earlier this week because we
actually had some new news. So, if I can find it. I'm well prepared for this right now.
just a minute guys we apologize for this technical break I don't the Rob does
damn it I'm all embarrassed and stuff I thought I had that final ready to go
there it is all right here we go fair it laughs at you here was the news break
our very first orange on radio news break from earlier this week that tells
the story of what's been going on orange lounge radio news break guy here with an
Orange Lounge Radio news update for this May 11, 2005.
Orange Lounge Radio has learned that Konami of Japan has filed an injunction against Roxor
Games, claiming trademark and patent infringement against Dance Dance Revolution with Roxor's
own game, In the Groove.
In a press release posted on Konami of Japan's website, Konami claims, quote, the present
lawsuit complains that Roxor's game's refitting of DDR arcade games has been done in an infringing
and unfair way.
will continue to take any legal measures necessary to protect Konami's intellectual property
rights in DDR and other Konami products."
For more information on this story as it develops, visit www.
Yada yada yada yada, plug for the website, you're obviously already there.
So that was the first bit of news that came out as the Konami of Japan put that press
release on their site that says, you know, we've finally discovered that there's this
game in the U.S. that might be kind of infringing on some of our rights here.
At that point I fell out of my chair. Laughing or what?
Laughing my ass off. Okay. But I want to get your clear thoughts later
because you're not really an in the groove hater because you were just here last week
saying it's not that bad. Yeah.
Right? But I was still laughing my ass off. Yeah. And then a little later in the day actually
what happened over on DDR Freak is that, um, Cutrus, one of the admins over there, actually
dug up, like, all smoking gun style, managed to dig up the actual copy, actual copy, like
you would see on thesmokinggun.com when, like, celebrities get busted and stuff, dug up the
actual copy of the injunction. That's cool. Now, I could sit here and read the whole damn
thing, but it's boring as hell. Well, I read it over on DDR Freak. And what'd you think?
You know, well being that I did just get out of a business law class last semester, a lot
of it, you know, see this is everything that I had pointed out.
They are using freaking DDR cabinets which are a patent of Konami.
You know, they had no legal precedent to use it.
The thing is that I think where Konami is getting, you know, the big issue from this
is that, you know, with all those other little two bit ones, you know, they're not going
make a whole bunch of money on it they're not trying to mass market it I
think it's at the point that in the groove is trying to go to the home
market you think you're hitting on a big thing here because I know a lot of what
I've been reading and this this news just exploded on the internet I mean God
the DDR freak thread hit like 300 posts in a day it was insane this is the
they're lit up the boards are lit up and people are going go Konami go and then
people are saying you know fuck Konami for you know killing in the groove and
people say boycott Konami and people saying boycott the boycotters and just
very polarizing. I boycott you. Yeah. So I decided to boycott the threat. No, actually I
didn't. It's like it's like my soap opera. I've been checking it every day.
Every day. Religiously. Like every hour on the hour for updates. Next on As the
Arrow Flies. I mean as Jamie said earlier in the show I'm a reality news or reality
TV whore. This is as good as it gets. Which company is gonna get voted off the
planet? Well, the thing that I really, you know, liked is that when they were speaking
of the cabinet, they pulled up the full schematics of the damn cabinet and outlined each point
and how each point is particular specifically to a DDR machine, which is why I think that
there wasn't an issue with the Pump It Up machines, because they were different enough
to bypass. Here's the interesting thing. You've brought up a couple points I really want to
emphasize because I feel very similar. A lot of people, when this news first came out,
said, S-T-F-U, before the documents came out, people were saying shut the F up, this has
nothing to do with the home version, the home version release will not be affected by this,
this is strictly about the arcade, and this is only going to affect In the Groove arcade
cabinets and it will have nothing to do with In the Groove 2 because this is all about
In the Groove 1. I say wrong. I say this has everything to do with the home version.
Because they're putting this out right before they're getting the releases done.
The timing is crazy.
I mean, really, at first the timing of this almost makes it look like Konami has Rockstar
by the Balls right now, basically, with the in-the-groove home release coming out.
Poor Red Octane, really, who kind of is caught in the middle of this now.
Nowhere named in the lawsuit, but you know, all this money invested in the last bus premiere
party.
Oh yeah.
So, they've got Rockstar by the Balls right now just before E3 when this is supposed to
be unveiled.
obviously probably what they're trying to do is get this to settle out of court
which I could say with probably ninety-eight percent certainty will
probably happen
I can't honestly see this going to court. I'm wondering though with such a small company
you know, Rockstar's basically just getting off the ground, where are they going to get the
kind of money to
they have that other game, uh, Tux Racer or something but I mean who'd have heard of
that before this, you know
like I said, just getting off the ground
The other thing, you know, is that they could be sitting on perhaps, you know, and this
is speculation.
I've been trying to think of all kinds of things that might be the background motive.
Because basically Konami of America is pulled out of the arcade market as far as EDR is
concerned.
It doesn't necessarily mean that the powers that be at the main place in Japan might not
I'd be thinking, hey, we can market over there, too.
What do you think about this argument that's coming from a
lot, and I'm kind of trying hard not to take sides here,
because I respect what In the Groove tried to do.
It tried to revive a dying arcade dance scene, and it was
put together by fans.
And so I respect the game for that.
And even though I've said negative things about the game
before, I've also said positive things about the
And I've always said, In the Groove is a great first release.
It's not as bad as the haters say, but it's not as good as the people who lavish praise
upon it say.
There's room for improvement, but they have some great ideas.
Opinions are opinions.
Yeah, exactly.
And I respect what they're doing.
But this honestly doesn't come as any surprise to me.
I think, unfortunately, I can't say so much about the staff, the folks there.
But at least the community has been very arrogant.
Very arrogant ever since the release of In the Groove.
You know, people would ask, is this legal?
And people say, yes it is.
Shut the fuck up.
Lock.
That has put me off much more than the game itself.
Absolutely.
That attitude put me off so bad.
And that's why I can't help but kind of grin a little bit that this is happening.
Oh, yeah.
And I'm sorry.
And I apologize to the folks that have worked so hard on this game.
But that arrogance, that such ass arrogance, to see that get called out to the bike racks
three o'clock after school is satisfying.
I want to be quoted on this on every last single in-the-groove board that those assholes
post on.
I fucking told all of you!
Well, you're not the only one that told me this would happen.
I know.
But I'm...
I have ego, okay?
I told you!
And you can stick your nose up in the air as much as you want to, but it's going to
be shaved off by the low-flying airplane that is Konami.
We can say I told you so on a million things.
Um, what I know I said at least a couple months ago on the show when Red Octane first announced
they were going to publish In the Groove for home, I said, Konami's going to notice.
Isn't that, didn't I say something like that, I said, Konami's, if Konami's going to make
a move, now's the time.
Because In the Groove is now stepping on Konami's turf.
Konami, obviously, even though people say Konami does shit for their fans, they do shit
for DDR, that's a load of crap.
And you consider that there are three DDR games, not one, not two, three.
More games than we've ever seen at E3 are going to be shown next week.
Three games.
I can name a person who has worked his ass off for all of the U.S. fans of DDR.
You know, I honestly have to give big kudos to Jason Enos, because without him, we would
still be paying, you know, 70 bucks to import damn game, and 80 bucks per dance pad.
and instead now we get unique mixes. Japanese players are importing our mixes.
Absolutely. And Ultra Mix.
Now it's the other way around.
And really, it's Festival, it's some, you know, this is debatable, but Festival in some
ways was a copy of Ultra Mix, which was made here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Because now the market belongs to us.
I say, bullshit, Konami doesn't care about their American audience. Now, okay, granted
you've got the arcade scene, and yes, the arcade scene was hurting, but I guess if you're
Konami you have to make a decision, is this really cost effective for us to be doing,
yada yada yada.
And then people are throwing out all this Andamiro crap and the Andamiro lawsuit is
what kept Konami out of the U.S. for a long time.
The only thing that could even remotely prove this, I have yet to see a legal document that
shows that this settlement would keep Konami out of USDDR forever.
But somebody phrased it this way on a web board or something and it does make sense
is that if Konami and Andamiro settled out of court, neither one has to say what the
terms of that settlement were. Although I'll tell you what, and so maybe, maybe, maybe
that was part of the settlement, but we don't know for sure. And it really, it looks like
Konami got the better end of the deal because if you look at the press release on Konami's
site, now granted it's spun by Konami, it says that Andamiro actually ended up paying
them. So I find it very hard to believe that it's Andamiro keeping Konami out of the U.S.
arcade market. I think it's just the fact that the US arcade market kind of stinks right
now.
Well, I'm glad that they closed down their arcade division.
Yeah, but they still have put out silent scopes and stuff. If they really wanted to do it,
they could, but it would have to be something where, I don't know, the cost has to be justified.
And I've said this on an earlier show, and I still stick by this. I think the reason
why you see Extreme in arcades and Konami kind of turns its back on it, even though
it's not supposed to be in the U.S. I think the reason why you see it in the arcades is
because, hey, licensing music in the U.S. is a whole lot more difficult than it is in
Japan. People, the folks in Japan don't care. You've got all these bands, Captain Jack,
well I don't, for the more recent games with all the folks on Dance Mania, Wild Side, whatever,
that would never have been heard in the U.S. if it wasn't for DDR. So, none of them care.
They had that big, they had that big agreement with Toshiba EMI.
Exactly, you know, and so I think Konami kind of turns its back because it's cheaper to
just let folks bring it over here and then make money off the home releases.
All that is is publicity, and then we're going to be imported anyway, that's how I see it.
That's also a very interesting point you bring up is about the publicity, because people
say, well if Konami doesn't give a shit about the arcade machines anymore, then why is this
such a big deal?
is the big thing. Because if you consider that what In the Groove was in its first release,
what In the Groove was, was a conversion kit that would allow you to change a DDR machine
into an In the Groove machine. Theoretically what they would want to do, you have to admit,
this is a goal of Rock Source in the end, is that they want every DDR machine changed
into an In the Groove machine. Thusly, DDR has no exposure and no presence in the arcades
anymore. Thusly, there's no free advertising for the home releases. And you know what?
Even though DDR Extreme is two years old, people still play it all the time. It is still
huge exposure for Konami. Basically this is, you know, the equivalent of, you know, saying
that you're wearing a t-shirt, you know, that advertises one thing, this is the equivalent
coming up and spray painting the t-shirt. So you can't see the logo.
And a lot of people, this is a weird argument, a lot of people, and this is that arrogance
in the in the group scene again, now please, when I bash on the in the group scene, I've
met some wonderful people from the scene. I'm not talking about everybody. I'm talking
about people that have tunnel vision when it comes to their game, okay? And now I totally
lost my train of thought. Forget it. Damn it. I hate the way I do that.
Yeah, but I was going to say something about In the Groove and the community and when people
say...
In the Groove community, you should all probably gather and give me a dollar each.
Damn, I lost my train of thought.
Derail.
Let's look over some key quotes.
Over on OrangelaungeRadio.com, I actually posted some quotes from the lawsuit.
I keep calling it a lawsuit, but it's really not.
It's an injunction.
By the way, we have a poll going on on OrangelaungeRadio.com right now.
We'd really like to hear your opinion.
It's about this whole thing.
check it out. It's in the upper right corner of orangelaundry.com. Quote,
according to instructions provided with defendants, Roxor's in the game
groove kits, the purchaser is instructed to remove the original main circuit
board from the DDR game and replace it with defendants in the groove game
circuit board. So that's one of the big things they're hitting on, of course, is
the fact that, and people were kind of wondering, how's Konami gonna get
Roxor on this? Is, you know, and then it came down to the hardware thing. And I
I think hardware versus software is a huge issue here,
because I know we had the in the groove scene always going,
it's legal, it's legal, it's legal.
Unfortunately, I think they were more concerned
with the software end of it.
And the software part of it probably
is legal, because you'd barely see
it mentioned in the lawsuit.
But the hardware part of it, whoops.
So I don't know.
But maybe they, you know, I'm not Roxor.
Roxor has yet to release a rebuttal for this.
Maybe they did investigate this.
But when I read it, when I read Konami's thing, I go, makes sense.
Makes sense.
Defendant provides materials bearing its own name and or trademarks
to purchasers of the in the groove game to be placed over the plaintiff's marks
and other identifying material on the DDR game.
On information and belief, purchasers fail to cover
plaintiff's marks and or other identifying material in all instances.
The in the groove game, as refitted by purchasers,
therefore displays both plaintiff's marks and defendant's name
and or trademarks.
And a lot of people say in the scene here, they say, how can
you confuse DDR and in the groove?
They're so different.
And to which I say, it's not all about you.
We are a small part.
We're a loyal part.
We're an essential part.
But we're a small part of the dance game music scene.
We really are.
As I was talking about last week when we were talking
Oops, I did it again being on DDR Extreme 2.
The reason why that's there is not for you, it's for the 10-year-old girls having slumber
parties.
Yep.
So, it is the normal person who is having a birthday party in an arcade that doesn't
know the difference any better between one machine to another does think that that game
is DDR.
Case in point, you might remember that our very own Loki, and you know, even though this
was questionable, whatever, actually installed like a step mania thing in a cabinet.
Yeah.
make money off of it which is probably why you know everything you know and it
was only one machine so you know everything whatever and it's gone now so
doesn't matter but he installed step mania and it was reskinned and it had
the mines because it was the newer version of step mania hella stuff it was
different and he put it up and running and we all went to Roseville Golf Land
one day to check it out and I overheard some girl that just looked like she was
there I don't know she said to some person that was there yeah this is the
new DDR let's go play it it wasn't the new DDR it looked like look like DDR
though and it had DDR written on the machine still because they had been too
lazy to put the new marquee up well you know the other thing that I was thinking
that Konami needs to really watch out for is the words the acronym DDR and
dance dance revolution becoming a generic term in the 80s I'm gonna use
Just as an example, Xerox released an ad that said something to the effect of Xerox is not
a generic term, make sure that you're only using Xerox products when you say I'm going
to Xerox something.
Because someone says, I'm going to Xerox something, and you're just going to go over to the copy
machine, right?
Right, right.
Well, you know, the term refrigerator was actually a brand name, and now it's a generic
term.
You know, Frigidaire, that actually has become a household generic.
It's just all, you know, Weed Eater, that's now a generic.
You know, we think of our dancing games, and the first thing that we all think of now is
DDR.
And I think that what it is, another point is that they may not want one per, you know,
the average player to confuse in the group with DDR, to have it become a generic.
That's a very interesting point, and I don't think I've seen that point brought up anywhere
yet.
That's very interesting.
Because actually there were quite a few lawsuits concerning generics that people have actually
lost.
Very good.
Oreo, Kleenex, Band-Aid, Aspirin, Coke, Trojan.
I don't know about Trojan, but the rest of them work.
Thank you guys in chat.
Aspirin was...
That's correct.
Aspirin was a trademark before World War II, you know, okay, another one, you know, Motrin,
now we think of that for Ibuprofen, you know, so many things that we, you know, that we
consider were, they were individual brandings before, DDR is easily going on that path,
Because we think, you know, what's the first thing that you're going to think of when someone starts naming off different dancing games or think, you always still, the average person that's going to go back and think, DDR.
Because that is where it all came from.
Well if Neon FM has anything to say about it when they come out, they might change their mind or pump it up, you know, those guys too.
But Neon FM I think is going about this the right way, they're building their cabinet from scratch.
So they're not going to get the same problem.
And that's why I think that Endemero had a platform to stand on, huh?
Because their machine was unique.
It was the same concept, but I don't think you can sue on a similar concept.
It's very interesting because a lot of folks in the...
This is what I was going to say earlier when I got derailed.
People in the in the Groove scene, they always say, this is not a copy of a game.
You can't say that in the Groove and DDR are the same game because it's like comparing
Sonic to Mario.
And I'm like, no.
I beg to differ.
This is like comparing Mario to Gianna Sisters.
And for those of you that don't know what Gianna Sisters was, it was a game that came
out on the Commodore 64 in, I think, 88 or so, a couple years after Mario was out.
And it was very much like Mario, except they changed it to girls.
But this is the thing, this is the irony.
The music was better in Gianna Sisters.
Giana Sisters had, um, new, like, slightly new elements, but it still had things that
looked like Goombas, and still had things that looked like Turtles, and you still got,
you know, Mushroom-like power-ups.
Giana Sisters lost, and got pulled from the market.
Another point?
Pac-Man and KC Crazy Chase.
Or KC Munchkin, also.
No, it was KC Crazy Chase.
I thought it was KC Munchkin.
Okay.
Um, for people who don't know, there was a system that came out in the early 80s called
The Odyssey 2, which I own one.
I don't have TV to play it. But there was a game that came out called
KC Crazy Chase. And basically it was freaking Pac-Man.
Just, you know, really crappy graphics because they didn't have a way to do
graphics exactly the same as they were in the arcade. You know, not like today where
home games are better. But still, you know,
now they actually pulled a bunch of copies
and destroyed them. So that's why if you happen to see a Odyssey 2 cartridge
for KC Crazy Chase, I suggest you buy it, because that would be holding a piece of gaming
rarity right there.
Very interesting.
One of the resolution pieces that Konami wants is they want these things destroyed.
Yep.
So if In the Groove home version comes out, buy it right away.
No matter how you feel about the game, buy it right away, because it could.
We don't know how this is going to affect the home version, but I do want to point this
out, because a lot of people are saying this is not going to affect the release of the
home version.
I beg to differ.
I think this thing is going to get delayed if nothing else.
I could be wrong, granted as somebody pointed out to me this week when I had a really big
ego and I was like, I called this, I called this.
When they released the home version, they were going to get sued.
Somebody said, Rob, you also said that in the group home version was no way in hell
ever coming out.
I was like, okay, good point.
So if this does come out, it would be interesting, but I could almost say with certainty this
has to get delayed, at least.
Red Octane has got to be scared a little bit right now, or at least waiting to see what
comes next.
If anybody is, I actually would love to get a statement, an official statement from the
folks at Rockstar.
The official statement on, if you go into the Indigrew forums right now, is a locked
thread where somebody said, what's with this lawsuit, and somebody basically said, we have
no comment at this time, we are not discussing legal issues on this forum, all further posts
on this will be deleted, not locked, deleted.
I'm paraphrasing there, that's not the exact quote.
And apparently their attorney has called for silence prior to...
Well, probably they don't know what to do. Remember, the folks that worked on this game...
Now, granted, Roxor Games has been in this a little while before, but with what?
They're a small-scale company.
The folks that made In the Groove were DDR fans to begin with.
They don't know what the hell they've gotten themselves into.
There's got to be a slap in the face to them, too.
They'll never play DDR again, granted, I would assume.
But at the same time, you're paying for that arrogance. I'm sorry. You guys, maybe not necessarily the staff, but you didn't discipline the scene. And the scene has been incredibly arrogant with this whole thing.
Well, and you know, this is, this is, you know, we do a little radio station.
How much research did I put in to see if Orazos was copyrighted in the States?
You know, I did the research for our name.
You know, how are they not going, how are they going to get away with not doing any
research prior to making the product?
That is just good business sense.
Konami also knows about us and they don't care.
Yeah, but we also do good things for Konami.
Yeah, we do.
Yeah.
We talk about them negatively sometimes, but it's fair. Everything's fair, I think, and we do.
We try to bring you both sides of the story.
Exactly. But on top of that, how could they have not, you know, a little bit of homework?
It shouldn't have even required the homework. They should have known that there were patents out and copyrights
not just for the game itself, for the content, there was for concept, there was for the hardware,
hardware there was for everything else involved with it marketing the weird
thing is is there was this giant assumption in the scene that and amiro
held that patent but that was proven wrong when Cutris posted those documents
that clearly show a US patent for the machine the sensors the screen even
though the screen looked a little different everything has a US patent by
Konami not an amiro konami oops well don't you and if they had done their
homework they would have found that out and actually and there are online patent
I don't know how I feel about people being stupid.
I have no mercy to people who do stupid stuff.
You know what, though?
I give them a little leeway because they were probably told it was okay by somebody who
didn't do the work.
No.
When you're doing business, you do not trust on what you are told.
You do the research yourself.
But they've never...
You know, I understand that, but this is unfortunately a tough lesson learned because these people
didn't ever get into it before.
You know?
It's their first time.
This whole thing, think about it, you've created this game from the ground up and suddenly
Somebody wants to buy it, put it in arcades, release it on the PS2, all in the scope of a year.
Heads are spinning at the folks who created this game right now.
You know, we all make dumb mistakes.
I still don't think it's excusable.
I do not th-
On top of that,
this should also be on Red Octane's head.
Red Octane should have known better.
They should have known better.
Seeing as how they market, um,
the actual physical
dance pads,
the games they should have known. But software versus hardware.
The lawsuit's not really about it. It is and it isn't about the software. The lawsuit's
specifically not about the software,
but I say it's being done in response to the software.
So I think Red Octane probably, and they're probably right, had the hardware
not been all screwy the way that In the Groove became an arcade, it probably would have
been okay.
So I can't fault them. The only way that they're going to get around at least any
future arcade releases, is they're going to have to build themselves a new cabinet and change their own
face okay our chat room is saying shut up already we're getting confused
there's too much not going on all right yeah get over it first off but okay so
what happens next what do you think what's your predicted resolution of what
will happen the injection is gonna stay I think this is how ideally it should go
and I'm thinking I'm going to do this from the Konami standpoint and then
I'm going to do it from the Roxbury standpoint.
Ideally for Konami, the home release of In the Groove will not happen.
The injunction will stay, because part of this injunction right now is to protect their
interests before there is a court case.
They're going to cease production.
Now I also think that they are going to have to pay X amount of dollar for every In the
Groove kit sold.
they can actually assess punitive damages as well, which are basically like being spanked.
You did a bad thing, we're going to spank you now.
They also have the right to assess profits lost, as in, because these are full Japanese
machines.
Konami of Japan has lost money, and that's essentially how it is because these machines
have to be paid for.
No, but these machines aren't supposed to be, quote unquote, in the U.S.
So what happens there?
That's kind of a gray area.
Could be Roxor saving grays, too.
Who knows?
That could be.
But also, again, as these machines are publicity, that may have cost them in sales of the home
version because they're no longer having that presence to market.
So we're looking at Roxor being sued for punitive damages, which I actually think is going to
go through.
We're going to see them sued for just, you know, the overall copyright infringement.
We're also going to see them sued for loss of profit.
That's how I see it happening.
For Konami, that would be how it should go.
Now, for Rockzor, and again, I'm thinking from a legal standpoint, this might be what
they can get away with, the software may be permissible given that it was built from the
ground up and it there was no this also has to do with a little bit of trade
secret you know but it would have to be proven through some type of reverse
engineering that this is not that the home software is not a complete duplicate
of DDR if they pull that off the home release will still happen now they're
not gonna make it out with the hardware issue they I think can get away with
With releasing future editions, they are going to have to create a unique cabinet and the boards and sell them as a joint unit, the way that Pump It Up goes.
And then any future releases...
Which In The Groove 2 is projected to be anyway, with the Animiro built cabinets and everything, where Animiro knows what they're doing, is involved and wants to be involved and everything.
Any future releases will have to continue to use that platform only and be upgrades for that unit only.
That is the only way that they're going to be able to continue to release any arcade releases.
For the first one, I'm sorry, they're fucked. They're going to have to pay.
And this could ruin them. This seriously could financially ruin them.
This could also, however, put them in a more public light.
A negative event can turn into positive publicity.
That is a very interesting side point, is that a negative event can be publicity.
This whole thing could be publicity for them.
Although, when you look out on the big gaming websites, it's not that huge a deal.
I think most game sites ran a little side story on it, but no major things.
So if they are permitted to release the home version,
If they are permitted to go through within the groove to
With you know this little bit of controversy going on
example Madonna's sex book
Okay
It's the first thing that came in on mine. Okay. They were banned
She was sued all this crap and how popular did that make her? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I
Got to compare in the group did about Donna. That was cool
Here's my, which is funny, and get into the groove, boy, you've got to prove, I still
think of that song every time I see it.
Isn't there a song that's public domain now?
Maybe, I don't know.
I'm kind of similar to your thoughts on this.
I think that, but I'm a little, because I think this lawsuit is a direct response to
the home release, I think that the home release, and I could be wrong, I think the home release
will be affected.
I think as part of this, I don't think this is going to go to court.
I think Rockstar and Konami are going to settle, and I think as part of the terms, they're
They're gonna recall, but I doubt any of them will be recalled, really.
They're gonna recall the box or kits or whatever.
I think that In the Groove will be stopped or delayed heavily, and Konami will be given
a chunk of the profit from the game.
And I think also as part of it, I bet you anything, they're gonna have to settle where
they can't really market the game.
It's gonna have to come out quietly.
But who knows?
I mean, that, I might just be thinking crazy, but I think that's probably what's gonna happen.
I think though, now this is my other crazy prediction, now tape me in case I'm right.
I think In the Groove 2 will still come out in arcades under a new name.
I don't think it'll be called In the Groove 2 anymore.
There's also the other thing.
Konami could obtain any rights to the In the Groove franchise.
There's also that.
We'll see.
and therefore, again, receive a percentage of the profits.
Alright, I'm done. I don't want to talk about the lawsuit right now anymore. I'm done with
my side of the story. Honestly, when all is said and done, I just...we'll let the courts
figure it out. We're all trying to be lawyers right now. The truth is, we don't really know
everything going on because we're not behind the closed doors right now. We don't know
know what Rockstar's side of the case is, so we can't really make judgments. But I want
to kind of close this segment with this thought. Those of you guys that are saying boycott
Konami over this, shut the fuck up. Seriously. There would have been no In the Groove if
it wasn't for DDR. I mean, that is a case and point. Absolutely there would have never
been In the Groove if it wasn't for DDR. Konami has not abandoned their US audience. Konami
of Japan, eh, maybe. But you know what? People in Konami of America are working their ass
off to bring you three new games at E3 this year. Seriously, shut up. Boycotting Konami
is not going to do anything. Honestly, go ahead and boycott, get off my machine. Shorter
line for... The five of you who would be boycotting this, you're not going to make a dent. Sorry,
it's not going to work. Go ahead and, we're probably just adding fuel to their fire, I
don't care. Your little boycott... You have no respect for where you got your game from.
says that if they do some stupid little boycott that's just gonna open the door
for me oh why oh well I need to see what this is you're helping sorry you know
and it honestly if you want to make a point get the hell off the DDR boards
and start one for in the group I think in the group two will happen under a new
name so go go figure that one out you go back to spider stomp get out your power
We'll be back after this break. Your calls on this whole thing. Your calls on the whole
whole thing when we come back after this.
Far away on the other side, she was caught in the middle of the desert fire
And she couldn't find how to push through
A dream that was full in the evening
Carried away by a moonlight shed, shed of stone
The sorrow and grieving
Carried away by a moonlight shed, shed of stone
Oh, what's the feeling when it comes?
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by a man on the run
And she couldn't find how he pushed through
I said, I said, I prayed
I need you in heaven one day
Falling in the morning
Carried away by a moonlight shed
I watched your vision burning
Get in the way, by the moonlight
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
and
and
and
and
and
and
on
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
...
...
...
...
...
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hope you enjoyed that break.
We had some music there from DJ Amuro with A, or Ace,
however you want to call it.
And also on that break, we had a little bit of Naoki with Blue
Impulse, or Aoi Shado.
Before that, Tak, Electro-Tune, starting to set off.
Tako Ryu.
Whatever, Tako Tak, same to me.
Ryu and Star Mine, starting to set off.
We're going to go right in to taking some
calls on the Skype line.
If you want more information, www.orangelaungeradio.com,
Click on interact with us and get the more information on the skype line.
What?
Yes, Dark Sakura?
I'm sorry.
I'm just marveling at how delicious this black cherry soda is.
All right.
Let's get to our first call.
Hello?
Caller, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Boo.
Boo!
Who's this?
Oh, don't play dumb, Rob.
Come on.
Okay.
Fine.
I previously arranged this call with Cutress from DDR Freak.
How are you, sir?
Not too bad.
How about you?
Good, um, you know exhausted after that hour hour of bitching and complaining about the lawsuit
But that's nothing compared to what's going on on DDR free gay
Yeah, my brain has been broken repaired several times trying to go through that thread
I I've sworn off posting in a couple of times and then and ended up having to come back to correct people yet again
How many warning points would you say you've given out in that thread?
actually, I think I've only dished out two different warnings and
And one of them, somebody is complaining about incessantly because he says that it wasn't
merited at all.
He said that basically the reason the lawsuit existed was that they were about to put out
a new arcade version and that he saw something about it in a California arcade.
Somebody's showing him pictures on a laptop and I'm just like, how exactly do you think
that's legitimate?
Yeah, that's a little weird.
Or it kind of goes back to when somebody had called in, I don't remember if it was last
week or the week before talking about somebody had posted in their live journal that, I don't
know, their uncle's sister's brother had posted something about the new machine is coming
out for sure this year.
Oh, no, I think that was Cucumber. I think he said they were gearing up for a location
test in September.
You know, no offense against the dude, but, I mean, why should I believe him, I guess
is what I'm saying. I mean, no offense, but why should I believe him?
Yeah, I don't really have any idea what kind of trust he gets in the community,
although nobody seems to have been debunking it over at Air and in Japan, where everyone's elite.
Who knows?
Right on. So what are your thoughts on this whole thing?
I remember that you were the one that actually dug up what really happens.
What did you think as you were reading it all?
I guess I have a little bit of an interest in it to begin with because I've kind of taken
it as a personal cause to be debunking all of these rumors with the history of the series
and everything.
That and the Miro, those and the Miro's rumors and stuff?
Oh yeah.
They bugged the hell out of me.
Yeah, I just, I really can't believe that people would think that as part of settling
a lawsuit where you have the upper hand that you would offer to back out of the business
market and not go back.
Exactly, exactly.
So what do you think is going to happen of this whole thing?
Do you think Konami has RockSore's nuts here?
Or what do you think might happen as of this?
Well, I could see it going a couple of different ways.
I think the odds are definitely not in RockSore's favor.
But this happens to be one special case.
I'm not generally the sort of person
that seems to be privy to inside information or anything like that.
Usually I'm always hearing about things after the fact.
So not only not only was I happy to find out about this before anyone else,
since I got word directly from ZipTie over at Konami.
But basically, there's a couple of things that we've learned
which could end up turning this entire thing on its ear.
So I wouldn't have any preconceived notions
with regards to how this is going to go, all the fanboys need to die right now.
So you, if I'm hearing you right,
you say that there are things that we don't know about that could turn this whole thing upside down.
Yeah, and I'm not saying that's going to tilt it in any one direction or the other.
It's just, well basically
it's going to end up being the equivalent, I think, of somebody running in the courtroom and saying,
Kanami, I am your father.
Very interesting.
No! That's not possible!
Which is basically the same thing I say about all the in-the-groove fanboys that want to disown in-the-groove from DDR.
Basically, Kanami just comes over and says, no, Roxor, I am your father.
And that's exactly what I was saying about those people that are like,
oh my god, boycott Konami because they're evil assholes and da da da da da da.
You know, if someone stole your shit and then repainted it a different color and put it out,
you'd probably be pretty pissed off too.
You know, even if you turned your head and forgot about it for a few years or whatever.
It just irritates me. That attitude irritates me.
I think you've even said something along the lines before about how with the community,
It's DDR when it's convenient, and it's not DDR when it's convenient.
Yes, thank you. I have said that quote about the way in the groove people feel is that
it's DDR when it's convenient for it to be DDR when it's like, you know, trying to get it more
exposure or people are trying to explain the game. Well, it's like DDR. But then, you know,
heaven forbid something like this comes up and it's like, oh my God, there's nothing like DDR.
It's a completely different game. It's Mario and Sonic.
Yeah, I want to completely underscore something you said earlier.
Okay.
Just to make this clear.
Good. That'll make me feel good.
I have not had a chance to play In The Groove yet. I am very much looking forward to my chance.
It looks really nice to me. I saw some people playing it at Anime Boston last month when I was in town for that.
And it looks very slick. It has some very good production quality.
I think that all the new modifiers and everything, yeah, there's StepMania, but give me a bit.
a bit. I think it's something that DER has needed for a while. Basically, it expands
on DER quite a bit and I really appreciate that. I think it's really nice to carry the
torch for the series. The only thing that's ever really stopped me from having any serious
interest in the game is the community. There are some really good people there. I've talked
to several of the Rock Store employees and do talk to them on a regular basis and they're
really great guys. There are some people in the community that just really need their
sticks pulled out of their ass?
Their representation on the internet sucks, sadly for them, because I'll tell you, at
that in the group, I was kind of like wincing walking in the door of that in the group from
your party because I thought people were going to beat me down with sticks, but then I realized
nobody listens to this show, so I was okay with it, but I still thought that I was going
to be confronted with just extreme assholism, but actually, I met wonderful people, I had
I had a great time at the show, and I'm not just saying that because there was free booze and stuff.
I had a great time, great people. I would have never guessed that this could have been about In the Groove based on the people I met.
Because from the representation on the internet, I was expecting to just walk into Melrose Place.
Yeah, I think part of the problem is just that the people that are really big fans of In the Groove these days
were, in some ways, really resentful of Konami for having, quote-unquote, abandoned them.
And so, now they're being rebellious teenagers, rebellious teenagers, if it were.
Do you think that that might be more fuel on this boycott fire, where if they feel abandoned
by Konami, and now for Konami to suddenly go, wait a minute, even though I abandoned you,
I'm going to, you know, beat this, you know, I'm going to sue this other game that's come
out?
Yeah, that's exactly it. It's feeding right into it.
Why do people completely ignore the home versions? That's what I'm wondering.
Well, uh, it's probably for a minor reason because of the differences with the hardware.
You know, it's just not as easy to play at home sometimes, even if you've got a cobalt
plus. Especially in the groove, thank you.
Especially when you stay still. Yeah. Uh, I mean, basically, yeah, there's
no bar to rave. Exactly. Although, I swear to God, Red Octane
is thinking about doing one. They're trying to see how they can do one at a good price.
I mean, they're going to have to to support in the groove.
Your groove bar, 2.0.
Yeah, I'm really glad that they're
adding the novice system to the home version,
because that is something that appears
to be greatly neglected.
I haven't looked over a lot of the step charts myself,
but I did get the impression that not a whole lot of pain
was put into making of the light and standard steps.
Forgive me for not remembering the correct difficulty
specifiers here.
But basically, that's something that I know, personally, the
step authors for Ultramix 2 put a lot of effort into.
They wanted to make sure that it was going to be fun to
dance and play, regardless of what level you're on.
I mean, there are quite a few songs I can think of on Trick,
which are perfectly fun to play, and I don't have to be
doing a seven or eight foot.
I think a lot of the reason, too, that the Ultramix 2 steps
were so darn good was because Ultramix 1 really screwed some
steps up especially when it came to the song packs so I think they like really
learned from their mistakes and they almost like overcompensated the steps
were so damn good I mean really no yeah we all win from that I guess hmm so I
guess it's gonna be a very interesting e3 if that cuz if I don't know if rock
store is what I haven't checked the e3 list but I'm sure red octane is one of
the scheduled exhibitors it's gonna be very interesting I want to go by their
booth wednesday morning and see if there's any mention of in the group
i think it'd be very interesting
what do you think
was going to come in three from that those companies
i haven't heard the latest word i'm sure michael when passes that
has to do with rather
book right now
but last i heard yes they were going to have any three present
and all also not only are we going to be you know heading over to the red octane
booth and also the Konami booth, but I'm trying to make arrangements with MadCats right now,
and I know some of you are probably just groaning or gritting your teeth now, but yeah, we're
going to be going over there so that we can take a look at the forthcoming release of
Pump It Up Exceed.
Yeah, I was going to hit on this a little later in the show, I'll go into more detail
later, but you're right, MadCats has announced that they are going to be the ones publishing,
and you're right, the cringe was the first thing I did.
my very first thought was, I hope they don't fuck it up like they did their GameCube release.
But luckily they aren't writing it, so it's hard for them, I mean Mastiff I guess is the
ones writing it, and TechnicBeat was cool, so, but I just, I'm like, oh god Mad Cats,
oh god. To kiss of death.
I don't have a whole lot of background in the Pump It Up scene, I actually have an exceed
in a movie theater about an hour from me and that's all that I've really played of it,
But CJ Iwakura made a post on our thread on DDR Freak where he basically had indicated
that the bundled pad is going to be the exact same one that came out with the Konami release.
So regardless of the fact that it is Mad Catz publishing the game, hopefully those of you
who are pumpers out there won't have anything really to worry about.
Phew.
I mean, but I don't know, I'm still a little nervous about having to buy a new dance pad
just because the arrows are all different and stuff anyway which is why
in the groove had it been released on the home would have been kind of a nice
addition to the library but we'll pump it up it's like great I got to get another
mat but if it's a good solid mat then you know and it's it's a reasonable
price which I think $60 is what they're currently asking for it is is somewhat
reasonable concern excuse me considering everything you get them yeah I'll
probably check it out yeah I think that's about the standard price because
if I remember correctly the DDR bundles that Konami has been putting out lately
with the Mark II soft pad, those are $60, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, they're about $60 as well.
Well, anything else you want to share with us,
Cutrus, very interesting perspective.
Enjoy having you on the show.
You've got to call in more often, buddy.
Well, now that I actually have a working setup, perhaps
I'll do just that.
There you go.
You should, let's meet up at E3, so you're going
to be going next week, right?
Absolutely.
I don't know if Shane gave you the schedule or anything
that we've kind of got tentative so far,
but I definitely want to make sure that I get to hang out with you guys a lot.
I have heard the DDR Freak mod schedule loosely what's going on obviously because Dark Sakura
is a big part of that.
I don't know if that includes you and Shane or what, but send me an email, we'll work
something out.
Absolutely.
One more quick question before we go, non-music game related thing you're most looking forward
to seeing at E3?
Well, if you had said non-Bimani, then I probably could have answered that right off, because I'm really demanding some information about Jam with the Band.
But I guess in that vein, I'm really looking forward to whatever Nintendo has set up for the DS.
Since I'm not sure if they're going to be offering downloadables for some of their games, or if they're just going to be sending out demos for like Mario Kart DS and whatnot.
Yeah, I have a feeling it's going to be download demos and maybe like you can get some crappy
puzzles for Pallarium or something like download as well, but I think the majority of it will
probably be demos because the way E3 is, you know, you sometimes have to wait in line to
play the games.
How great is it going to be to just be able to download it and play it on your own damn
DS?
I think that's going to be neat.
Yeah, that's going to be absolutely fantastic, you know, not to have to wait in line.
And just because of the way this is working, I'm not taking any chances here.
I'm bringing both mine and my wife's DS with me and all the games, so I'm totally
confiscating all of that.
You're all ready to go.
You're all ready to go.
Absolutely.
I'm going to bring all my stuff too.
So, we'll have to have a DS War or something.
I'm bringing my 8th style because I must hunt my hero down.
Oh, Akira, if he's there?
If he's there.
I hope so.
Loki has said he's bringing his PSP.
He's not taking any chances because he knows PSP's online and says they could have something
surprising.
I'm bringing my PSP too.
I said, you're a brave man to bring all that crap with you to LA, especially after my car
All right, buddy, well, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank
you very much for calling in, and we'll see you at E3, all right?
Yes, sir.
Thanks for having me.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Bye-bye.
You, too.
Tetris from DDR Freak, www.ddrfreak.com, also the home of our replays that we do Friday
nights over on DDR Freak Radio, so check it out.
They've been very supportive of us in about the past year or so, so, well, you know, really
ever since the beginning, but just even more so, like I've really been feeling the love
the past year, so it's great. Let's move on, let's take another call. This person's been
calling in for like an hour now. Sorry dude, what's up? Hi, you're on Orange Lounge. Yeah,
this is SSJ100 Matt in Separoth 1215. Two of you? Ahh! Amazing, I don't know if we can
handle that much input, but we'll try. What's up, what's your guys' thoughts on the lawsuit?
Well, I don't know, I think Roxor had this coming, I think they planned it out already,
so.
Wait, so you think Roxor, are you saying this whole thing is just, is smoke and mirrors
and that Roxor has planned this all along?
I don't know, they can't be this stupid, they had to have known this was going to happen.
I'm going to go back to what I said earlier about Roxor's lawyers, I think they, when
they were clearing everything and seeing if everything was okay with this, they were probably
focusing on the software element of it, because you have to admit, the software looks a lot
like DDR, and they weren't focusing enough on the hardware part of it, and somebody really,
really fucked up.
But...
Someone didn't get the memo.
Yeah, someone didn't get the memo.
I don't know.
But I could be wrong.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Unfortunately, the community has been too arrogant to fill me in any other way, so...
Got their head shoved way up their asses to the point that they're tasting, like, tonsil
or something.
I know, but this whole thing kind of sucks that people who pre-owned it like Sephiroth
right over here.
Oh, yeah, that folks that pre-ordered it from Red Octane have no idea what's going to happen?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I know.
That's got to be kind of weird.
In fact, somebody was actually mentioning to me in the chat room in private message.
I hope Dark Knight doesn't mind me reading this, but he said that he actually went over
to a GameStop Sunday, and they told him it's going to come out May 26th, and no info from
the lawsuit had reached them yet about it.
But I say don't hold your breath, because GameStop, electronic fatigue and stuff, never write with this crap, especially when things are getting delayed.
Sorry, but you cannot count on that May 26 date.
I'll have the word as soon as GameStop gets it.
Yeah, because you have the luxury of being with the manager of the GameStop and everything, but yeah, definitely.
Well, now GameStop's owned EB, so...
Well, that's true.
Yeah.
But that was pretty cool.
Any other thoughts on the lawsuit?
Any other things you want to share with us?
Nope.
It's good to be home back in New York and have a good time.
One of these days we're going to get back.
Actually, I am looking at another East Coast trip within the next, oh, I don't know, six
months.
I'll be going back to the East Coast and I definitely want to check out some New York
stuff.
You guys have to throw a big tournament for me around Labor Day, okay?
I think we will. I think me, Ron, and the other New Yorker people will do it.
Sounds good to me. I am definitely looking into the possibilities of doing something like that around Labor Day-ish.
So, I want to see what New York's got to offer.
We got a lot.
Alright, sounds good. How about your friend who's there? Pass the mic or something. Hello?
Yeah, hold on.
Okay. Yes, sir!
Hello?
Hi, and this is Sephiroth, or, no, this is, this is Sephiroth?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, how ya doin'?
I'm good.
Your thoughts on the lawsuit?
Um, yeah, you know, I think, they really just screwed up on how they put the, uh, the game
on the DDR machines and wrote it, but otherwise I think everything else should have been fine.
Yeah, it's-
That should be, like, the main thing that Konami should have just sued for.
It's almost like they learned their lesson within the Groove too, but it's like, too
late!
Whoops!
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You got a good point there.
Anything else you want to share with us?
That sucks.
No, not really.
Okay.
Alright, well.
Except for, yeah, I'm pretty pissed that, you know, I pre-ordered that in the Groove
with the afterburner pad bundle.
You won't be disappointed with the afterburner pad, I'll tell you that.
I have good things to say about the afterburner pad, it's marvelous.
But yeah, unfortunately.
You know what though?
Red Octane, from what I've seen, they're a decent company and they'll do something for
you when they give you your money back if it comes to that.
Hopefully it won't.
Something will be able to happen or In the Groove can still come out in some capacity,
but time will tell.
I think we'll find out shortly after E3 what's going to happen.
Or I don't know, we could find out next week because what a good time to release that kind
of news during E3 when there's so much other stuff to divert people's attention.
It'll kind of be a good time, you know, everybody's looking over here. Oh, by the way, we settled so we'll see
Yeah, hopefully, all right, well I'm gonna let you go so we get some new more calls
But thank you guys both for calling in. All right
Okay, and I like this idea by the way of the orange lounge radio listening parties
So you guys keep it up?
All right. All right later
I don't think he knew what to think of that comment.
Let's go to this call. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, what's up? It's Ronma from New York. Hello, Ronma from New York.
We just got off the phone with some folks from New York. Did you hear what I said to the other guys from New York?
Yes, I did, and when you come to New York, I'm going to show you around.
Alright, I'm actually, actually, I have a really good friend, one of my best friends in the whole wide world lives in
Connecticut,
but that's just a hop, skip, and a jump away from NYC, so we're looking into it.
Sweet, sweet. So what's on your mind?
Not much. One thing about this whole lawsuit thing,
I think Rockstar had a pretty good idea what was going to happen when they did this.
Hey, put it in a DDR machine. Save money. Look where that got you.
Yeah, maybe you got a good point. Rockstar being the startup it was,
just kind of did this as a cost-saving thing, not really thinking about the
ramifications of what it could have.
Interesting perspective. Basically. Interesting.
What are your personal thoughts on the lawsuit? What do you think will happen
because of this?
I think it's going to settle out even though one of the people that was at Anime
Boston that did drop 40 bucks on it.
I'll wait. I'll personally wait because I know as soon as I say I want my money back
the game comes out and I won't have the money for it.
So you actually pre-ordered it at this Anime Expo?
Yeah, Anime Boston.
Anime Boston. And that must have been last weekend before this whole news came out, right?
Oh, that's right, because you gave us your wrap-up last week.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, man, that's crappy timing. I'm sorry to hear that happen to you.
It's okay. It's okay.
All right. One other thing before we go to another call.
Thing you are most looking forward to hearing about from E3?
Nintendo Revolution. And before I go, I'm posting a link from my website,
the whole Nintendo World Extravaganza Saturday.
Oh, the opening of the store.
I want to hear about that. Yeah, tell us more about that. How was the opening of the store?
Okay, I got to about nine thirty-ish. It was kind of quiet.
When they picked up some friends, we got back around eleven-ish.
It was jam-packed. Almost every other person was walking around with a DS,
nothing but chats. I'm walking up and down the lines taking pictures,
and there were two people with PSPs that were getting booed.
Hahahaha, two people with PSPs.
I'd be like point, point, point. That's funny.
How crazy were the DS Picto chat rooms?
That's what I want to know. How many penises were drawn on Picto chat rooms?
It was so pervert to the point where Loki would just smile.
Hahahaha. There's like a Naruto one on here.
That's cool. Yes there is. And you'll see a picture of the
the Game Boy from from the Gulf War. Oh,
wow, interesting. Okay, well, um,
wow, definitely check out that site and look at the pictures there. Um,
one other thing I want to, did they have DS downloadable anything
there? No. Aw, bummer, I was kinda hoping they would.
Give us a sign of what's gonna come up from E3. I don't know, but one funny thing was they
were handing out
free DS stylus as you walked in, and they also had
Little bottles of Nintendo World Water for you to drink.
Nintendo World Water. That's awesome.
Yes.
Refreshing. I hope they have Nintendo Water next week. We'll see.
Ooh, a Famicom.
Well, thank you for sharing that with us. It sounds exciting. I wish we could have been there.
You know what? That is a place I'm going to have to visit when I go to New York.
The Nintendo World Center.
Sweet.
And I'm buying myself a Pikachu.
Yeah, Pikachu BO!
Cheers!
Well, thank you very much for calling in, Rama. I hope you have a good week, okay?
You two see you on PSO? Alright, see ya. Bye.
Pikachu Beetle! Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look!
Is that from his picture? It's the Pikachu Beetle!
Alright, we're going to do another call because there's another person who's been trying to get in and
call, so we're going to take this call. Hello, you're on Orange is the House Radio.
Hi, who's this? This is Jaded. Jaded!
What's on your mind? Oh, nothing much.
What do you think about this whole lawsuit going on right
now, Konami versus Rockstar?
I just think right now it's too early to make any kind of
intelligent decision.
You know what?
You bring up a damn good point.
And even from somebody who's been sitting here and yapping
about it for about the past hour, it really is too early
to make an informed decision about everything.
Although, I got to hand it off.
Because of the DDR Freak releasing the actual
documents, that helped immensely in trying to figure
out where's Konami coming from on this whole thing.
And I think it actually took some of the evilness,
the big bad Konami-ness, I think it took some of that out
because people looked at it and went, well,
they kind of do have a point.
They kind of do have a point.
Right now, it's just too early.
Everybody is saying that it's going
to go several different ways.
And right now, I'm just personally not
believing anything.
I'm just personally thinking that it's too early.
have your hands over your ears going I can't hear you I can't hear you have you
have you pre-ordered in the groove no I have I was curious if you were one of
those customers because I know if I was one of those people that have pre-ordered
in the groove I'd probably be a lot like that right now I did not just waste $40
la la la la la yeah so be interesting although I wouldn't panic if you guys
ordered in the groove pre-ordered and it doesn't come out for whatever reason
although I I seriously think it will it'll just be delayed but if the game
and more to come out. I'm sure Red Octane will be very good about refunding everybody's
money or, you know, doing nice things. And maybe you'll even get a free tattoo. So, those
temporary tattoos. I should have worn my Red Octane shirt tonight. It's been a nice night
for me to wear it, although you can't see crap on the webcam, because it's a dark day.
But anyway, um, it reminds me I should turn on a light in here. Our webcam, orangeonsradio.com.
Thing you're most looking forward to hearing about from E3 next week?
I'm just looking forward to the Final Fantasy Advent Children news.
Ah, me too. You remember last year they really hyped this up that they were going to be showing the big movies at E3
and that's when we got our first glimpse at Kingdom Hearts 2 and the Advent Children.
I haven't really heard a whole lot about that this year. I'm kind of hoping Squeenix kind of does that where they have like the movie show again.
You remember that Dark Sakura where you had to get the ticket and go into the show and see the movies?
This time I'm going to actually go through the whole thing.
Yeah, I'm hoping they do that again this year. I wish they'd just screen the whole
damn movie so we could see it,
but I know that won't happen, because they know that a lot of the fanboys are gonna be there.
So, I'm looking forward to this too.
The reason why I'm interested in this is that
it's been delayed multiple times and, frankly, I'm waiting for something to
happen.
Very true. Well, I know that we had posted a story earlier that you, being a
big fan of Advent Children, probably have already heard this, but for those that
didn't hear about this yet,
Actually, they did announce that there was going to be a date for this, and it's going
to be simultaneous, if I remember right, between the U.S. and Japan.
So those of you that sometimes feel shafted that Squeenix always gives Japan the good
stuff months, even a year before we get it, let's see, the date is September 14, 2005.
Simultaneous release in America and Japan.
UMD release, not a part of that.
This is only the DVD.
But that should be cool.
So, alright, well thanks for calling and
you know what, thanks for bringing up a point that, you know, we really don't know
what the hell we're talking about in some aspects with this.
So we'll see what happens. Alright. Have a good one.
It was nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. Thanks for calling. Later.
Bye. That was nice. A nice young man there calling in.
That was good. Alright. An intelligence perspective. We like that.
We are very lucky that we have a lot of very intelligent listeners that listen to this show, aren't we?
I would say so.
Alright.
And the pharaoh agrees.
Um, what we're gonna do now is actually, I think we'll go into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match
because you know it's already almost like 8.30 and we haven't even gotten to the Cage Match yet.
Did Loki send us something?
Actually, he did.
Okay.
So, we were lucky in that. So, we do have a full-blown regular Cage Match for you guys tonight.
So, without further ado, let's get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
For those of you guys still trying to get in on the Skype line, no worries, we will take more calls a little later in the show, so just be patient. Sorry you didn't get through yet.
Alright. Remember, the way the cage match works, you have to be in our chat room. www.orangeloungeradio.com. Click on chat.
The way this works we play three songs for you guys
You pick your favorite and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on orange lounge radios gaming music and more program
Which plays 24 hours a day seven days a week on this station when we aren't live
All right, let's get into it last week in the cage match
Jamie had put a song in and you know that right now Jamie is all about the gorillas
So she kinda took that, she didn't put a Gorillaz song in here, but she did something that you could say was perhaps inspired a little bit by the Gorillaz fandom.
I don't know.
A little bit.
Well, I can't help it that Damon's awesome.
Yeah, but I liked Damon Auburn before Blur, really. I mean before Gorillaz because of Blur, so.
But this was interesting because last week a little bit of controversy because the song is very quirky and a lot of people either loved it or they hated it.
But what happened last week is that it was up against two trance songs, which ended up
kind of splitting the vote a little bit, causing this one to win.
I think it will be a fair thing to say.
So we shall see if it hangs on again tonight.
Here it is.
Song number one.
Only a clip because it won last week.
Damon Allbrin with a rappy song.
How appropriate considering the PSO blue burst I've been doing this week.
All rappy.
All right.
Damon Allbrin, a rappy song.
The remix.
Enjoy.
It is a rapping song, but I've got something ticking
It won't be there, I'm overwhelmed, I choose to stay
I come back in my bag, I'm drinking all the sunshine today
I'm drinking my faith, and all my words
Just shut up with no face
I'll waste a few, I'll give you a dance
I'm falling
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I'ma take a moment to put myself in the feeling that your body can't survive
Becoming a slave to the rhythm, there's no way that you can stop me
Now I'd like to see you thrive
Cause I'm already long, so don't be scared for me, baby
Let's blow your tears to the ground
I can't believe you have to stay behind me
Throw me your eyes off of me, baby
Tell me why
So now your team won't let you free, don't follow me
Don't grab me, you'll seem to die
But best believe I'ma breathe and break ground
Before I die
And I will never get real for my love, oh that's my life
I go from hotel to the club, come to the club
And to my room and hopefully, I look to chat and
She looks friendly through my camera lens
And that's the reason I wasn't in my story when we were young again
I look like I
I like the white skin and the white hair
I like the glasses, the zips, the way they style their hair
I like that crimp look, what they do with their fangs
I like them pricks, but I still like the fangs
So stop, chase those guys, I'm putting it up
Put aside a motherfucking prize, it's gonna get engraving
Think you're on a limit, can't stay awake, even if you're kidding.
Alright, you
You got a long clip there actually you guys you guys lucked out with a long clip there
because I screwed up and I've misplaced Loki's cage match song for tonight so I gotta find
it.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Yes.
You've misplaced Loki's song.
Oh shut up.
Alright so there it was.
Song number one.
Damon Auburn with a rappy song.
The remix.
Okay here we go into song number two tonight.
It's my pick.
And this comes off that same dance compilation that I've been putting songs from in lately
and Jamie's already rolling her eyes.
But here's the weird thing.
I believe this is actually Ayumi Hamasaki, who showed up on this compilation.
If it sounds like she's holding her nose, then it is.
I think it is.
But she's simply being credited as IU.
And if it's not her, then it sure sounds like her.
So I'm picking this song because I like it.
The song is called Appears.
So here it is.
IU with Appears.
And I'm going to refer to it as IU because that's the way it's credited on the CD.
So enjoy!
We have to rate them.
Oh yeah, I was just going to move. Move on.
Dear Rob, rate.
Dark Sakura, what did you think of that?
Ayumi's voice annoys me. Sorry, because she's so nasally.
And I really like a bunch of her stuff, and I really liked her for a while.
But I can't get too excited about Ayumi Hamasaki just because she's been there been that, you know.
Um, it's still solid. It's still trance. Um, 8 gives a 7.
Um, I feel a little bit similar where I'm like, well, it's another Yumi song, but God, I love her trance stuff. I just love those mixes. They make me happy. I give it a 9.
Alright, song number 3 is Loki's Pick, and he specifically told me he's putting this in because he couldn't think of anything better, and this is what he figured out at the last minute.
I know exactly what this is.
So this is...
Darth Punk is the name of this.
It says, Ted Koppel's Gin and Juice.
I have no idea what to expect.
Here it is, song number three, LOKI's, Jin and Juu's, Ted Goble.
With so much drama in the ABC, it's kinda hard being Ted K.O.P., but I, somehow, someway,
keep coming up with funky ass shit like every single day.
May I kick a little something for the G's and make a few ends as I breeze through.
Two in the morning and the party's still jumping cause my mama ain't home.
I got bitches in the living room getting it on and they ain't leaving till six in the
morning.
So what you wanna do?
Shit, I've got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too.
So turn off the lights and close the doors.
But...
Yeah, so we gon' smoke an ounce to this G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers
bounce to bits
Rollin' down the street, gettin' up, gettin' in
I'm Ted Drapo, and this is Laid Back
With my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, gettin' up, gettin' in
The watches close to the White House today confirmed that the President is Laid Back
With my mind on my money and my money on my money
Now that I got me some Seagram's gin Everybody got they cups but they ain't chipped
in Now this types of shit happens all the time
You gotta get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you're listening to the T.E.D.
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he who listens
To the words that I speak as I take me a drink To the middle of the street and get to mackin'
this bitch named Katie She used to be the homeboys lady
80 degrees, when I tell that bitch, please raise up off these NUTs, cause you get none
of these at ease.
As I mob with the dog pound field that breathes biatch, I'm just...
Earthquakes rock Tokyo, Japan today as residents were laid back.
Residents in a small New England town are terrified as a mass murderer is laid back.
Later on that day, my homie Sam Donaldson came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat-ass J of some boob on a chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke, I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and Chronic, yeah, I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin', I'm still poppin' Sam got some bitches from the city of Compton
to serve me Not with a cherry on top, cause when I bust
my nut I'm raisin' up off the cot
But don't get upset, girl, that's just how it goes. I don't love you hoes, I'm out the door and I'll be.
Residents of Baghdad fired shots wildly into the air as protesters were laid back.
With my mind on the money and the money on the buy.
They're rolling down the street, don't hear me at all.
I'm Ted Koppel and this is Laid Back.
With my mind on the money and the money on the buy.
They're rolling down the street, don't hear me at all.
Okay, now here's a question. What do you say, B-H?
B-H?
With my mind on the money and the money...
Right, see, exactly. I just don't... I don't understand. I don't... I don't know what that word is.
Is that... is that how it's pronounced?
B-H?
Right, yeah. I just... I... I just... I don't understand.
The first time I heard that I thought it was intensely retarded.
He wanted me to put it as a fortune cookie and I refused to.
So it gets a big whoppin'.5.
Just because I like how he does the blah blah blah blah and lays back.
You know, Loki played that for me too, saying it was like the funniest thing he'd ever heard, and I was like,
this is not the funniest thing I've ever heard.
Jokes that Diane Mita-Zoda makes on G4 can be funnier
than this, I'm sorry. If you're gonna be funny and do a parody
song, be funny. I give that
The three songs you get to vote for tonight.
Song number one, Damon Albron, a rappy song.
The remix.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is I.U. with Appears.
And song number three you can vote for tonight, Darth Punk,
Ted Koppel's Gin and Juice.
George's close to the White House today confirmed that the President is laid back.
I got a laid back in there for you, Jamie.
I liked that one. That's not all I like about the song.
Place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
Hurry, hurry. We'll add him up and let you know who the winner is.
Um, you know what? He sounds like one of...
You remember the two Muppets that sat up in the balcony and made fun of all the other Muppets on the Muppet show?
That's what he sounds like in that.
Yeah, it's...
Laid back? Ah ha ha ha!
Yeah.
Don't vote for Hollick.
Votes for Hollick are thrown out, okay? There's always a movement in the
chat room to vote for Hollick.
Remember, the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hollick is in permanent rotation already on Orange Lounge Radio.
You don't need to vote it into rotation. It does no good.
Okay, just wanted to make that clear.
I realize some of you like to vote for Holik when you feel that the rest of our
songs were
crappy or something like that, but just deal.
Anyway, this is the part of the show where Loki would typically give us the
Sim Scene update and tell us what's going on in the Sim Scene.
However, I have no idea what's going on in the Sim Scene right now.
So... Uh, a bunch of stuff happened, but not really, because it's Sims.
I'll bet you what, probably this lawsuit has people freaked out about making any sims right now.
I bet, a bunch of crappy Max remixes were released on Maimani style, what can I say?
No, no, no. ParanoiaMax.5007
Let's talk about the real thing, shall we? The real deal, the real thing.
Yeah, in the groove!
No, no, no. Even better than that.
Konami has launched something on their website and what it is it is a teaser
pic for a brand new DDR and you can see it on our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
In this video it appears to have, I'm sorry it's not a video, sorry
a picture it appears to have maybe some captures from new videos or something
but it does indicate that a new DDR is coming out however in the corner it says
coming out on PlayStation 2. So I think people got excited at first that this is a
new arcade mix. It doesn't look like it. This is probably Japan's version of
whatever we're getting with Xtreme 2, such as Festival was like our DDR Xtreme.
This is probably their version of what we're gonna get as Xtreme 2. And of
course we talked about Xtreme 2 a little bit last week. IToy stuff coming back.
it's gonna have the oops I did it again
rumored online play and all that fun stuff. We'll know more of course next week
it doesn't seem like any big surprise that
this would be ported to Japan as well and be coming out there
or maybe we're getting the port it's hard to say but
no surprise really. Things you would like to see in the next PlayStation release
of DDR? Jamie anything?
I can't really say you know because the one thing I wanted
was freaking Dance Magic. I just want Dance Magic mode to come back.
Yeah, you know what, and you almost kind of said, is that In the Groove has a mode like that,
although not as many people play it as you'd think,
and it was going to be in the home release and everything, and now it's not...
well, we don't know yet, but now it's questionable if it's coming or not.
Well, you know,
DDR doesn't make you a better dancer, so that's one thing out, you know.
I really can't think of anything else that they could really, there's that, you know, dinky little RPG mode thing, right?
And that's in Ultramix 3.
Oh, Ultramix 3. No, I can't.
I really hope they're demoing that.
DDR whack-a-mole! Oh my god, that would be, they need to put DDR whack-a-mole in.
Wouldn't the makers of spider stomps to them?
But that's not really whack-a-mole.
Oh, because it's moles and not spiders.
And they don't pop up out of the ground and you're not you're actually stepping on the thing itself
But this is the the there's no TV on spider-stomp either. So aha. I know my legal crap. It's in a different cabinet
No infringement there. No, not at all. Okay, um
Loki popped into chat really fast. I guess he managed to tear himself away for a little bit to listen to the little show. Hi
he says and I quote nothing much is happening in the sim scene just more
crappy sim files see I called it you know what we ought to just fire Loki
because I'm able to do the sim scene report myself every week no I'm kidding
we would never do that he'll be back next week he'll be with us for the
podcast as well all right last call for the cage match
votes you guys get him in here also what we're gonna do next break I think we're
to try and do that list list except my roommate is getting cold feet now he doesn't want to do it
so so how about we have to uh we can't do two skype lines you know we'll just have three people
we'll do a three person list one put one person in chat in uh p.m okay and one person on skype
line so one person in private message and one person on skype line all right i'll try to figure
out who those people are gonna be i'm picking trivia question trivia question it's an easy one
Who is my favorite?
No, no, no. No, no, no. No question. I want to pick the people who are doing it, if that's okay.
No, seriously. I think that we should give a fair opportunity.
All right. How about we Skype in somebody I want and we'll let somebody from the chatroom do it?
Okay. So the trivia question...
Wait, wait, wait. Don't give the trivia question yet because I'm still...
Well, I want them to think about it.
I'm tallying cage match votes. I don't want them to send it in yet.
Well, don't...
All right.
Hold on. I'll finish up. Any thoughts you have for us, Jamie?
Well, on Monday, we happen to have Diversion that starts at a noon time to me.
7 o'clock?
Actually, Diversion got cancelled.
What?
Diversion's cancelled, remember?
You should have told me this stuff.
Sorry.
This is what I get for sleeping through a board meeting.
Fuck.
Coming soon to Orange Lounge Radio, the Dance Mania show is coming to Monday nights through
a plane to Diversion.
Yes.
You better drink diet coke.
Sorry.
Tuesday, my show, which has been going strong since its conception that I started by accident
when I got bored.
Pump Up the Volume will continue pre-show as always starts at a quarter to seven just
because I got really bored and started playing early one day and it stuck.
The actual show will start at 7.30, and the concept is requesting stuff, but people don't
request shit, so I just end up playing whatever.
Of course, no show this week, because I will, again, be in a car on my way to E3, however,
I will be coming back and filling your head with, I think, an anime marathon, I'm thinking
this time.
The last time, see, this, uh, I've noticed that the, uh, my pre-shows have been turning
into sort of repeat performances of what you might hear on Pump Up the Volume. So, if you
like what you hear on the pre-show, be sure to tune in.
Alright, let's do the Cage Match winner. You ready?
We don't have another show.
No, we don't have another show right now.
It's just me! It's the Jamie show!
Jamie's by herself, and then we're gonna have a whole lot of new programming at the end
of the month. I promise.
But I still love you, and I will stay constant.
I, however, do not. Okay, here we go.
The winning song of tonight's cage match. Ready?
Tonight's winning song is... a tie.
Song number one that tied in tonight's cage match.
IU
appears. Kind of a given considering the crowd we got here. Song number three that tied
in tonight's cage match.
What the fuck?
Okay.
Ted Koppel's Gin and Juice, before you say anything, Jamie, let me remind folks, in case of a tie, the host whose song did not make the tie gets to break the tie.
That being said, Jamie, tough decision here. What are you going to go with?
Harlech.
You can't vote for Harlech!
You know what chat room, I'm going to torture you.
I'm going to see you crack and bleeding under my whip.
You get Ted Koppel.
Jamie votes for Ted Koppel.
Tortures flew to the White House today, confirmed that the President is late.
I cannot believe that the song you gave a.5 to got your vote over the song that got
the 7.
I thought I had that win in the bag.
Damn you.
The Damon is hot.
Dude, he's older and still hot. Dude, you lucked out with that win last week.
Even you have to admit, even you have to admit, considering the Chairwoman's reaction, you
lucked out with that win last week, so...
Yeah, but...
You weren't getting to it, Sarah. I have to make sure that I put in a song that won't win next week,
because the week after is the week...
is after...
all that was a strategic vote that's what you were doing you did that so you
could win next week
but but i did want to make an announcement as i think i can legally get
away with it as i'm going to be playing the entirety of demon days on the twenty
third
because it will have been released in uk
super
i don't get you jamie by the way i'm still i'm still
and a woman
and i write all right woman i don't get you
I can change my mind and do everything I can to confuse men.
Alright, alright, I'm done, I'm done.
Um, here we go.
The power of estrogen.
Let's, listless.
Let's remind...
Shut up.
Listless.
Make me!
The way listless works, we are going to come up with the definitive list of things for Orange Lounge Radio to stick on the E3 Katamari.
The definitive list, okay?
Okay, the way it works, we, myself, Jamie, and two mystery guests will be coming up with
a list of four, is it four items or three, I'm sorry, three items each, and then we each
take one off the list, and you guys get to vote on the defendant list.
We'll explain it as we move on.
In order for us to get to that point though, we need a contestant from chat.
I'm going to get somebody on Skype, I'm going to hand pick one of our guests to get on Skype,
but we are going to have a contest in the chat room to see who gets in there.
the first person to answer this correctly is going to be doing the other
list but you please don't answer unless you have some ideas for this list list
because I don't want you sitting there going I don't know I'll tell you what
send the p.m. to me so that Rob is not inundated with p.m.s okay thank you I'm
in the chat room is dark Sakura SSF the question is that already Oh amazing and
beautiful chat room that I use the terms loosely oh who is my favorite member of
Gorillaz.
Who is my favorite member of the band, the animated band themselves?
Favorite member of the animated band Gorillaz, and if you've been paying attention to this
show in the past few weeks, you should know.
First person to send that correctly over private message to Jamie will get the privilege, listeners
never get this privilege, this is a special night, your lucky Loki's not here, to participate
in Listless with us.
Meanwhile, I'm going to hook up somebody over Skype, I'm going to find somebody on Skype.
We will be back after this, featuring some music from, um, well, no, more potpourri, I think.
But we're gonna start it off with Burning Heat, because that song, Genna Juice, gives me burning heat.
Gives me burning itch.
Alright, here we go. We'll be back after this.
You
Baby, you're all that I want When you look back, I know that you're all
When you're lying here in my eyes I'm finding it hard to believe we're in heaven
Oh, I'm thinking about our younger years There was only you and me
We were young and wild and free
Now nothing can take you away from me
We've been through that road before
That's over now
Keep me coming back for more
Baby you're all that I want
When you're lying here in my head
I'm finding it hard to believe we're in heaven
And while there's all that I need
And I'm falling down in your heart
It isn't too hard to see
We're in heaven
Mmm, still I whisper all my lips The feeling in my fingertips is boiling at my skin
Leave me one of my thoughts, feelin' as if I've been just the colder you've been
Days goodbye and still I think of you
Days when I couldn't live my life without you
Without you
Hello, hello, is this thing on testing?
Testing one, two.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this.
This thing works.
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke-down ghetto bimani radio.
What the f***?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we are going to do some list lists.
Yay!
So, the way Listless works, just a quick reminder.
Huh? We're doing three, just three.
We are each going to pick our top three, myself,
DarkSakura, and who is the year winner, DarkSakura?
Our winner is Ranma! Ranma, okay, and then we're going to get somebody special here on the
Skype line right now.
Doopie doopie doo, just waiting for the phone.
One ringy dingy. Hello?
Is this, uh, Miklotov?
Hello?
Hello? Miklotov?
Yeah?
Can you hear me?
I don't know if he can hear me. Are you there?
I can hear you.
Okay, but you can't hear yourself?
What? What are you talking about?
Can you hear me?
I'm confused.
He can hear us!
We can hear him. We're good.
Okay, good. You just freaked me out for a little bit there. Damn. All right.
I'm sorry.
That's all right. How you doing, sir?
I'm doing pretty well.
Looking forward to E3 next week?
To what?
Are you looking forward to E3 next week?
Yeah.
Okay.
You're breaking up because you're on the computer.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, now I think I can hear you better.
Okay, there you go.
Are you going to stick things on the Katamari?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
I plan, I hopefully will.
All right.
Well, we're going to get your top three, but you have to wait your turn.
So you have your list ready?
It's my turn?
No, it's not your turn yet.
I'll let you know when.
You're going to give us your answers, okay?
Okay.
See, this is why we don't do the Skype thing very often.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Okay, let's start off with Jamie.
oh actually I gotta explain this one more time how this works we will name
our top three and then after we each give our top three each one of us gets
to vote one off so then after each one song has been voted off we will have a
list of eight because we'll have two from each person left while the list of
eight and then the chat room gets to vote on their favorite to come up with a
top three list. So tonight's list list, things we want to stick on the Katamari at E3 or
should I say things we should stick on the Katamari at E3. I'll go first. I'm actually
stealing ideas from the chatroom tonight because I think they actually have some decent ideas
and my number three pick is Kalamari, as somebody said because I think the phrase sticking Kalamari
on the Katamari is kind of cute and it sounds like it actually could be a song in Katamari
Yamashi 2. So I'm saying Calamari. Alright. Miklatov, what's your number three pick for
things that you want to stick on the Katamari? Well, I would like to put Mad Catz on the
Katamari, just so it could be rolled away and shot off into space so they don't have
anything to do with Pump It Up. Okay. So he's going to stick the entire company
of Mad Catz. All of Mad Catz. That's what I wanted.
So you're going to have to get the prince to roll up a big katamari first, and we're
just going to roll over the Mad Catz building.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, hopefully, if it's Mad Catz, it shouldn't be that big.
I can get a little binky-sized one.
All right, good.
Mad Catz will be stuck on the katamari by Mikolatov.
Excellent.
All right, let's see.
Ranma's number three.
His number three pick that he wants to put on the katamari, he being the contest winner
from our channel, by the way. Rama would like to put a Mustang on the katamari. I have no
idea why. He didn't send me a reason why, but he wants to put a Mustang on there.
All right. A little bit of dead air there, sorry. Jamie, your number three pick.
The Gorilla's Jeep, spelled G-E-E-P. The Gorilla's Jeep. Why the Jeep?
Well, at least what's left of it, since it's apparently smashed all over the basement under the car park.
You do understand it's a cartoon, right?
You shut up!
Alright, um, let's see, did Raman tell me why the Mustang?
Oh, okay, he says, Mustang cars rock. I love them.
Yes, they do.
Alright.
Um, let's see, my number two pick for something I want to put on the Katamari.
My number two pick is, originally I said let's take all of Lanky Style's Paulus Terry CDs
and put them on the Katamari so we can be rid of them forever, but actually somebody
in the chat room came up with something better, so I went with this.
Put all of the Shitty Max 300 remixes on one CD and put it on the Katamari.
So all the Shitty Max remixes, let's just roll them away.
So ShittyMax300RemixCD is my number two pick.
Meek Latov, what's your number two pick?
I would want to put the tiniest picture of a bear I could on the Katamari, and you would
understand it if you played the game.
So if you've actually played the game, you'll understand why he wants to put the tiniest
picture of a bear.
really pissed me off when making the Ursa major. Alright, number 2 from Rama, I'm reading
it from the chat room, he's going to put a Big Mac with cheese on the katamari. Although
you have to remember, no food is supposed to be on the katamari. Did they say no food?
I think so. I don't think they did, I think they only said clothes and x-rated things.
No, I don't think food's included. Oh well, I said katamari, so we'll let them say Big
Mac. Big Mac because it would be fun to roll it and see if it is edible. Ew. Ew. Alright,
Jamie, what's your number two? The Retard Ferret. And the Retard Ferret is the one that
keeps making the same noise over and over. We actually are going to put that on the Katamari,
by the way. Yes. Okay. Uh, my number one choice. Here it is. My number one choice for things
I want to put on the Katamari. I want to put a copy of Katamari Damacy on the Katamari
just to be ironic.
That would be funny. You know, we could do that. Not like actually put the game on there,
but like do like a blank CD-R with the label on it. That would be funny.
Yeah, because they would so love pirated versions of their...
No, a blank CD-R, I said.
Oh, okay, okay.
Miklotov, your number one pick for something that should be on the Katamari.
I want to put a bumble ball on it, because it looks like a katamari.
A bumble ball?
Oh my god, he's right, they do look like a katamari.
They totally look like katamaris.
See, he's being ironic too.
Good pick, Miggletove.
Rama, number one.
He wants to put a Nintendo DS on the katamari, because the DS is too awesome not to put on
there.
that that's about the only good thing your DS can do right now I know e3 will
change our minds the Nintendo DS will be beautiful after e3 but right now I'm
kind of pissed because like you call polarium a game all right what's your
number one dark Sakura a gigantic huge mungus reject false icon sticker reject
false icons sticker and why is that because when it the giant katamari will
probably be made up of a bunch of false icons and what better to put on it than
a big sticker it doesn't that they should all go do something useful like
be a real star there you go all right now listen carefully
Miklotov and Rama in the chat room listen carefully because you have to
figure out which one of these you want to vote off of the list okay one of
these, you have to vote off the list. I will start. Did I start? Yeah, I did. Uh, here
it is. Calamari, Mad Cats, Mustang, Gorilla's Jeep, Shitty Max 300 Remix CD, Tiniest Picture
of a Bear, Big Mac with Cheese, Retard Ferret, a copy of Katamari Damacy, Bumble Ball, Nintendo
DS, and a Reject False Icon sticker.
I am going to take off a big mac with cheese because that's just kind of weird.
Sorry, Ranma, but I don't even like McDonald's to begin with, except I do like that walnut
salad they have now.
It's actually kind of yummy.
The cob salad's pretty good.
All right.
Miklotov, you there?
Miklotov?
Yeah.
Okay.
What are you taking off the list?
A Mustang.
The Mustang.
Why the Mustang?
It doesn't make any sense to me.
Okay, poor Ranma. Like, his whole list just almost got axed. Alright, um, Ranma hasn't sent me which one he's gonna vote off yet, so I guess, Jamie, you're gonna be next.
Let me see the list.
Bye.
Sorry. Um, Dark Sakura, here it is. Do you need that a little bigger there?
Um, don't highlight it, please.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't need it bigger. Just don't highlight it.
My bad.
Uh...
Uh, God.
You know what? Take off mad cats because then...
Aww.
Because I would rather see them explode instead of, you know, not be...
They would be stardust and not a star, okay?
Alright, that's good. Oh no, Rama just said the same thing in his private message.
Huh, okay. Okay. Okay. You can leave his on. I'll pick another. Okay, fine. Then Rama took mad cats off
I guess is the way that works. Okay, then what are you taking off Jamie?
The Nintendo DS. You just axed Rama's whole list.
Okay, okay, what?
Kalamari, because that shit will stink. That's true. Kalamari will stink. All right.
Okay, so here we are. Here it is. Here's the list. Gorilla's Jeep.
a shitty Max 300 remix CD,
the tiniest picture of a bear, the retard ferret,
a copy of Katamari Damacy, Bumble Ball,
Nintendo DS, and a large reject false icon stickers.
Place your vote now, send a private message to Sky with what you want to be at
the top
of this definitive list. Thanks for playing, Mikl Tov. Appreciate it.
Hey, what are your plans for E3 next week? What do you hope to see at the show?
Um, I'm actually really looking forward to going to play Fantasy Star Universe.
I didn't know it was going to be there.
Yeah, his voice is kind of quiet. Sorry guys, it's Fantasy Star Universe is what he said.
I'm looking forward to that as well.
He played PSL Blue Burst with us last night.
Yeah, it was fun. Good times.
It was awesome.
It was good. And now that I'm in the caves, I can like level more faster.
Thank you for letting me leech all the loot, because I was poor.
It's okay.
have to play again. If I didn't have to pack tonight, I would totally play more.
I get to pack tomorrow. My ass is playing. 24 hours from now, I will be at the More Friends
concert. You know what, I don't get to pack. Go to hell. Go to hell. Alright, anything
else you want to share with our listeners? Not really. Go back to play some Guild Wars
probably. Alright, have fun. I'm hanging up on you.
Okay. All right, bye. Well, that was fun.
It's good to have him on the show, even if his phone is insanely quiet. I don't know
why that is.
It's just our connection. It's a bad connection. Okay.
What we're gonna do now is we're gonna go to a quick break and we're gonna come up with
that definitive list and then we will get into the FUs of the Week as well.
However,
please do not send in your FUs of the Week yet or they will get lost
with the votes for listless. So,
We're going to go to a break
By the way, which also got brought up in there before we go to break we should mention this real briefly
It's been mentioned twice in the show. Now mad cats will be publishing pump it up to which some of us go. Oh god
It gets the DMV sighs, yeah
exactly exactly I just hope it doesn't I just hope they don't I don't know I
just blew our listeners I'm such a ho hot all right we'll be back after this
more potpourri here in this break started off with one of Jamie's favorite
songs I know this for a fact and we'll be back after this with more orange on
radio the definitive list and the FUs of the week all when we come back hurry up
Yup, get finisher votes, last call for votes on listless.
I just need my love for you I need to know, I need to know, I need to
I used to fly my love for you
I used to fly my love for you
I'm giving all my heart to you my love
I used to fly my love for you
I'm giving you my heart and soul my love
I used to fly my love for you
I'm giving all my heart to you my love
I used to fly my love for you
I'm giving you my heart and all of my love I used to live in love with you
to do for you?
Hi, we're back on Orange Lounge Radio.
I was just barking E3 orders to Dark Sakura there during break.
Sorry.
You know I love you.
I'm just giving a heads up.
I do not want chaos like last year. I was pissed off after that night last year.
What?
I don't get, I don't, despite my on-air persona, I don't get bitchy in real life
that often, but that
got me really bitchy, so just... You're funny when you're bitchy.
You are damn hilarious when you're bitchy. Because I get totally faggy, and I can say that
because I am a fag.
I get totally faggy, you know, when I'm bitchy and just like
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
Anyway.
Girl.
Just not going through that again.
I have that stuck in my head because I listened to that newer
Margaret Cho thing that you sent me.
Oh, the Florida Master.
Yeah, and I'm like, girl.
Oh, girl.
Oh my god, Shane knew exactly what I was talking about.
He just posted it in the chat room.
Yes, you're right, Shane, by the way.
Okay, um, let's reveal the winner, or I'm sorry, the definitive list as voted on by
you guys.
Here it is, the definitive list.
Top things you want to see stuck on the giant Katamari ball at E3.
Number three, reject false icon sticker.
A very large reject false icon sticker.
Ooh, gorillas!
Alright.
Number two, a shitty Max 300 remix CD.
And the number one thing you would like to have stuck on the Katamari Damacy Ball at
E3 is a copy of Katamari Damacy.
You guys are so ironic, I love you all.
It's like Ray-yain on your wedding day.
I'm a little too ironic.
Don't you think?
Yeah, a little too rough, sorry, but not really.
I'm sorry, but if you can have your Gorillaz thing, then I'm entitled to this little clip
that makes me think of what just happened there in Liz Liz.
You are such an Atlanta tour. No, you guys should hear Robert Karaoke. He gets on stage
in the question that passes through the entire karaoke room. Which Atlanta song is it this
Next week, Rob!
It's like rain, yeah.
Okay, you have to do this one next time.
I will.
No, next time won't be it, Rocky.
She's right, though.
Yeah, it's gonna be like three weeks before I get to do karaoke.
Unless something happens at E3, but I don't know.
I need details on that, so whatever.
Okay, anyway.
That song isn't ironic.
It's just unfortunate.
It says MPQ.
But see, and isn't it unfortunate, it doesn't have the same ring to it.
And then, that's funny, because the way that goes is that MPQ goes, that song isn't ironic,
it's just unfortunate, and dudes go, it's not a tumor.
Girl.
I can't do it the way she does.
Oh, girl.
Girl.
Oh, girl.
Yeah, now that we've lost half our audience there. Hey, at least we're not talking about the damn lawsuit anymore.
Okay, um, here we go. FUs of the Week. And you have a new FU song. You couldn't just stick with one, could you, DarkSakura? You have a new one.
Because people butched about my last one. I used it for other things on the show, so I found something more appropriate.
Alright, here we go. And Jamie, why do we do the FUs every single week?
every single week. Because we can.
What better to illustrate my wrath than to use this era, a.k.a. the wrath of God.
Girl. I can't do it. Okay. Big F you to the bitches who broke into Rob's car.
into Rob's car. Thank you. You're welcome. Um, F you to missing out on homemade banana,
oh not banana, coconut cream pie with extra coconut in it. I had a bite of it that was
hot. Um, and then um, F you to uh, being so weak in blue burst that like one damn hit
from the dragon put me down to four! Hit points!
I have to level some more.
You know, it's damn expensive to play as Romaro. God, you have to
buy this, and buy that, and buy your...
And I miss my, uh,
hacked item from the Xbox one. I carry around a giant pink purse.
So I miss that too.
I want to carry a pink purse.
Uh, eventually maybe?
Um...
I miss how rap used to.
And F you to Loki's song,
because it is annoying and I picked it just to annoy our listeners, because I love you all a little.
And I'm not really too angsty, you know, I've been in a fantast- oh yeah.
And F you- This song gets really quiet, by the way, towards the end.
Well, fuck off to pick something else. I'm gonna loop it.
Fuck you to having to pick another song, dammit.
I have to wait for them to verify it again, and one man won't let me buy a mini disc player.
You know, I think there should be a paypal account or something set up.
It's called the Buy Dark Sakura Mini Disc Player Fund.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
for you. I need a mini disc player. Chat room, you love me right?
Buy me one, please? Okay, I'm done.
Let's get to Loki's FU. He actually sent me one.
I wish I could read these like Loki does his FUs.
I like your FUs.
Just kidding. Loki's FU this week is
towards German spammers I've been getting tons of German spam all day
on my Yahoo account. That's his only FU.
It's not as funny when I read them I'm sorry guys
but now it's my turn.
My FU goes to the little mother fucker with no balls that broke into my car this
week fuck you
I got the last laugh in the end because that fucking stereo you stole was broken
Fuck you for stealing my class ring. I don't give a fuck if I hated high school. You had no right to take that shit.
Why do people on this planet think that they can take shit that's not theirs? I hate you. Die.
F you to the fact that I wasn't able to take a trip to the Bay Area this weekend because I was kind of looking forward to it.
But there's just more important shit that's got to be done. F you to all the stress that comes before E3.
F you to all the work that I'm going to have to be doing at E3 next week because I'm just supposed to go there and play games all day.
No, I'm going to slave my butt off for you guys, so, you know, I hope that you guys just kiss my ass after this, because, you know, we're going to work it for you.
I'm just kidding. I do it because I love you guys. But, damn, E3 is a lot of work. And F you to stress, and F you to the fact that I'm short on money right now because of a glitch and stuff I don't want to talk about.
Yeah, that's it. That's my FUs of the Week. Let's get to the chatroom at FUs of the Week.
This is the Captain Jack cover of Holiday by the way.
Mikl Tov would like to give his first F.U. to his computer for randomly freezing when
he's in the middle of Guild Wars or a Phantasy Star Blue Burst.
Second F.U. is for that horrible American Dad show.
The only redeeming factor on it, which isn't even enough to make me watch it, is Greg and
Terry because they are adorable.
And finally F.U. to my car making funny, funky noises.
MPQ says, uh, I somehow expect half the people to F you the Konami vs. Rock Store thing,
so I'm going with something different. Fuck Colors and 2DX, I will never beat that fucking
song. Oh yeah, an F you to kicking and screaming, total waste of money, I walked out, it was
so bad.
Doob says, F you to Brazilian people who play MMORPGs because they can't speak proper English.
F you to being a high school freshman because when I think, yay, school is almost over,
I think, oh crap, three more years left.
We just need to learn to speak Portuguese.
I think we should just stick doobs in a trash can.
No, because he's a Gorillas fan now.
You know how we used to do to freshmen in high school,
is you'd stick them in the trash can and you'd can them?
We'd tell them that there was a pool under the gym,
and so then pass us to use it, and then an elevator pass.
Even though your school was on one floor?
We were two floors.
Oh, our school was only one floor, and people would sell elevator passes.
Rama says F you to my co-workers for screwing me out of my time off for an amazement on Memorial Day weekend
Don't say shit when I put the screws to you. Oh
girl
Dark Knight says a big F you to singlehood and
That's it
Lemon lime I just got to screw you giant screw you sky in the chair
Lemon Lime Jumps says, F you to the Domino's Cheeseburger Pizza for being really disgusting.
I could have told you that without eating the damn thing.
I think even those cheeseburger hot pockets are disgusting. I don't know if you remember how one. They're gross.
I enjoy a good cheeseburger and I love pizza, but that thing's gross. Avoid.
Nintz says, oh, no, never mind. He's sending me messages on PSO.
Jin4576 says F you to Kingston, New York cyber station
your DDR EX machine is in such bad condition and you don't care
the pad is on a tilt and you think that putting tiles on the bottom of the pad
will fix it
here's some advice get a new machine or actually try to fix the machine and not
half-ass it. An illusion would like to say F you to the whole tricky business
with Konami and Roxor
did Roxor do something illegal? Yes. Do they deserve to be sued?
Yes, but couldn't they have sued them a week after the game was released or
something?
Fuck whoever predicted that FU, you jerk. It wasn't Mikolatov, by the way,
Ellucian. It was the guy after him. And that's it. That was the last FU.
I just want to add to that, though. You do know that lawsuits
aren't written overnight, right? And the rumor going around is that this thing's
actually been planned for months, and it's just
funny timing or something. I don't know. I like that lemon-lime jump in the chat room that says,
Reject Groats Pizza. That's good.
That's really good. Alright, one thing we want to tell you guys about, because we're
getting towards the end of the show, we're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge real quick
because we know it's kind of the E3 edition. So, send us your questions for Ask Orange
Lounge right now. We're going to do a quick break then we'll come back and answer those.
What we do want to say though, we have an email address set up. Oh, actually, no, I've
got to make one tweak to it and then we will give you the email address. I'm just kidding.
We'll give you that email address when we come back from this break. How's that sound?
Yeah, I'm with it tonight.
You are so there. You know, you were just so on the ball.
Whatever. You were on the ball and then you fell off. We're going to take a quick two-song break.
Just a quick two-song break. We'll be back with Ask Orange Lounge. Send a private
message to Sky in the chat room with your Ask Orange Lounge question.
And we will be back after this. Start it off with a little bit of a...
I think this could be an anthem song for Jamie.
it's it's bad girls
way back after this
Picking up those kinds of strangers
It's a fight, it's a fight
When you can't go
It's a fight, it's a fight
What you want in your life
You ask yourself
Who they are
Like everybody else
They wanna be alone
Yeah
Bad girl, bad girl, you're such a dirty bad girl
You make me weak
Uh huh
You bad girl, you bad girl, you're such a dirty bad girl
YEAH!
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
in one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Yes, our buddy Mel B there, what is he, a ten time freestyle champion now in DDRC?
Indeed he is.
By the way, and I should have said this earlier in the show because it's definitely worthy
of this, but I think we're okay to talk about this now.
All the T's have been crossed and I's have been dotted.
Mel B. is going to be joining the Orange Lounge Radio staff, so I'm very excited about that.
Welcome!
Welcome!
Mel B., actually though, he will not be joining now, I just want to be quick, he will not
be joining the on-air staff because he can't because of where he is physically, but he
will be joining our new staff on OrangeLoungeRadio.com and bringing us news and articles and observations.
And unfortunately, this kind of comes at the cost of the DDR Spot, the site he used to
work for, is gone.
Bye-bye.
So, sorry guys, DDR Spot, you've done good.
I will hold onto my t-shirt forever.
I will.
So, um...
Even though it's three sizes too big.
Alright, so, um, welcome Mel.
Sorry to hear about DDR Spot.
We're looking forward to seeing what you have to bring to our news section.
And from what I understand, Mel has got some E3 scoops he wants to share with us on the website.
Oh!
So we'll be seeing that.
Alright, um, let's get to some Ask Orange Lounge.
We only have a little bit of show left here.
So let's get to some Ask Orange Lounge.
A question from the chat room, will Mel be on the show later?
He will be on the show as much as he can, but unfortunately since he lives like a well over a two hour drive away,
it doesn't happen very often, but we do appreciate when he's here.
We will have him, we'll try to get him at least on Skype a little more often.
Give us some perspective.
Alright, here we go.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio? Will we find out that we are so very tired because all this prepping for
E3 has really stressed out? That's the most karaoke I do on this show by the way.
illusion wants to know has anyone seen the movie crash yet
no
i have not but i want to i've heard good things about it because illusion you
won't shut up when you tell me about the movie and you say it's good
but actually some um... uh... i think my roommate's family or something went to
go see it and they said it was very good so i want to see it and i thought the
trailer and it looked good
i was actually going to try and go see crash like two nights ago but it was too late
like all the theaters were closed
Doobs says, were you a jock quarterback giving swirlies to nerds back in high school, or
an energetic cheerleader as Lemon Lime Jumps said?
I was neither.
I was a band geek.
I was a band geek too.
Not only was I a band geek, I was in yearbook and student council, so I guess that kind
of makes me a cheerleader, but I was on the chess team, and on pep squad.
You have to remember that my role in student council was to be the voice for the bad kids
basically because I went to a very interesting high school but the high
school I went to was like dominated two-thirds probably by Mormons not that
there's anything wrong with that or at least I'm gonna get into on this show
but um yeah I was definitely a different voice than the type of person you would
typically see on the student council so it was interesting
Ron Ma wants to know favorite Nintendo character and why you want to start
Favorite Nintendo character?
Link. He's just taught. Older Link.
Older Link. Older Link from Being Hot.
I would say the eggplant wizard, but not as portrayed in the cartoon.
The old school 8-bit eggplant wizard was awesome because he turned people into eggplants.
And when you would move around when you were Kid Icarus as the eggplant, it looks so cute.
That's funny.
I want the eggplant wizard so bad to come back in Melee 2.
If they do Melee 2, I'm hoping that's like a surprise announcement at E3. I would die.
Um, now just tell me, uh, LemonLimeJump wants to know, now just tell me liege, is that a
mistype?
I don't know.
Just tell me, just how do we know the earth to be banana shaped?
I can illustrate that with sheep letters.
Is that a hitchhiker's reference?
No, it's Monty Python.
Oh, Monty Python.
My bad.
That's it.
We have all the questions we got from our listeners, that wasn't a whole lot tonight,
they're kind of quiet.
Yeah.
I was going to take that, this one poor person has been calling into the skype line like
all night long.
Yeah let's take it.
Well I was going to take it but he's not on now.
Person call, you have one minute.
Maybe I should just call him.
Yeah go for it.
Sure why not, we'll see what happens.
We'll see if he picks up.
Hello?
Hello? We're calling you because you've been calling us all night long and we felt bad.
Please say something.
Hey.
Hey, you're there. Hi.
This is kind of weird.
Hi, who's this?
RPGKing7.
Hello, RPGKing7. Real quick, because we're at the end of the show. What's on your mind?
Well, I was just wondering what DS games are you looking forward to
to hear about about E3? Sorry, to hear from E3.
DS games, Animal Crossing DS. I am all about the Animal Crossing. If they have
anything on Katamari Damacy, I'd be really curious about that too, but Animal
Crossing is
the one I have to see. And anything that is
online enabled with the DS, I would say.
Animal Crossing DS will own anything, and I
Bless Nintendo because they're the only company that can get away with this crap
repackaging the same damn thing and putting a new bow on it
and we all eat this shit up. And I am so excited about Animal Crossing DS and
it's the same damn thing as before with
you know a few new features. Damn you Nintendo, damn you.
How about you, sir? What are you looking forward to?
Castlevania DS because
the first time in a while had a real sequel to a Castlevania game.
I haven't picked up a DS yet, but you know, if it's good, then it'll be what I'll pick
up a DS for.
I didn't even think of Castlevania DS, I definitely can't wait for that one.
The Konami booth is going to be so happening this year, oh my god, you guys don't even
know the half of it, trust me, you don't even know the half of it, how else are we going
to have that Konami booth going to be this year, so I'm excited.
Anything else?
Cause it's the end of the show?
No just to say hi to you from up here in Canada.
Well hello Canada!
That's it.
Alright.
Don't get too cold up there, okay?
We'll try not to.
Alright.
Thanks.
Hey, it's always so cold up here.
I know, I know.
Those stereotypes.
Gotta love them.
Well, I'm just gonna walk on over to the beach as soon as we're done with the show here and,
you know, run into some celebrities.
Have a date with Cameron Diaz after the show.
Alright.
See ya.
Bye.
Thanks.
Gotta love those stereotypes.
Canadians.
Always say aboot and live in igloos.
And um...
That's...
That's Eskimos.
Or Alaska.
People in Alaska.
Canadians, they always say aboot and have the flappy heads, just like in South Park.
And then us here, we all have blonde hair and blue eyes.
And if you've seen our pictures before, because they used to be on the website a long time
ago, but if you've seen our pictures before, yeah, we all have blonde hair and blue eyes.
You're right.
Good thing I'm not from California.
All right.
But it automatically happens when you pass, when you get your driver's license.
yeah it's like this it's this process they make you go through actually
Jamie your final thought for tonight
I'm
money
I'm sorry I have one thing real quick okay on if you want to send us an email
if you want to send us an email and ask us a question about E3
you have something specific you want us to find at the show
what you have to do is send an email to
E3 at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
you gotta wait about two minutes, don't send it just yet because I'm actually creating
the account like as we speak
send an email to E3 at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
this is the email we're going to be checking at E3 and answering the questions on our
podcast, so if you have anything you want to ask kind of like in advance or anything
send it over email, send it in a couple minutes
and we will be reading those emails at E3 and getting responses to you via our
podcast.
So you can kind of live vicariously through us in that sense.
That should be very cool. Alright now, sorry Darksucker, your final thought.
Um, I learn minidisc player and reject fun psychons.
My final thought is, um,
you know this whole thing is that happened with the lawsuit and
everything, it's all about protecting
what is, you know, Konami and it's protecting Konami's patents
and it's all about, you know, what Konami, you know, came up with and
everything and people infringing on that.
Very interesting
the kinds of things that, you know,
were patented in this whole thing. Very interesting. It would be very interesting seeing like all the
different things that Konami's patented.
In regards to DDR, of course.
Alright, that's it.
Have a good one, you guys. Final word of the show. I guess since it's just me and you,
I'll give it to you, because I don't want it.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Oh, mmm, I ought to say, don't look for all of your happiness in just one place.
Yeah, I mean, it's okay to ask the big questions in life. Just don't expect any answers.
Uh, yeah, yeah, uh, uh, don't take it all too...
No, wait a minute. You should always think I...
No, that's wrong. No, actually, I don't think I've learned anything, and that is a lesson in itself.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
We've got a podcast to tape, so we're booting you all from the stream.
Thank you very much for tuning in to Supporting Orange Launch Radio.
We do appreciate it, guys.
More gonna do now is we're going to drop you guys from the stream
But just reconnect in like like 15 seconds and you go back to orange on radios the money music
