Turn around, look at what you see
In the face, the mirror of your dreams
We are not here, hidden in the light
Lifting on the pages
With the answer to our never ending story
To fall behind the clouds
And then another rainbow
Is the answer to our never ending story
Story
Shine my bear, for she may fade away And I'm your hand, the brother when you die
Why won't you keep the secret?
We'll fall behind the clouds
Then along the rainbow
Is the answer to another end
Ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
On tonight's program, Orange Lounge Radio episode 143, we are back from E3 and oh my
gosh it was a hell of a show of course lots of people there you had to push
your way through crowds and stomp all over people to get to things you had to
wait three freaking hours the line if you want to play Zelda and unfortunately
not all the cast members made it out alive yes unfortunately not all of us
made it out of e3 alive no we'll have more details on all of that when we come
back but I'll tell you what tonight it is all about the music games at e3 and
So it was a hell of a show, surprises that just blew the roof off and smacked you up.
We'll talk more about that when we start the show after these opening credits.
We'll be back.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God!
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 143 for this May the 22nd, 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers. You know her better as Dark Sakura.
No, I'm kidding. She's actually not here tonight. She died at E3. It's so sad.
No, I'm kidding. She didn't die at E3.
She just, she, she extended her vacation a little bit.
You see, some of us went to E3 a couple days before it started, and some of us decided to stay a couple days after it was over.
So, Jamie is on her way back this afternoon, or I'm sorry, this evening actually from LA, so she's not here.
But who is here is the one and only Loki!
I am here and I have pizza. That's always good.
I did slash pizza and I got my Pizza Hut.
by slash pizza means I drove my car over to the Taco Bell slash Pizza Hut
Express
and got myself pizza the old-fashioned way
not the EverQuest way hell no I'm not gonna
sign up for EverQuest just to get that lazy besides there's no Pizza Hut near my house
that makes me sad
you know speaking of EverQuest this is completely off subject but
we actually I actually got to meet some of our quote unquote
competitors although not really because you know all of us online radio stations are
people in the same industry. Yeah, people in the same industry. I met the folks from
MMO Radio who talk about nothing but EverQuest and, uh, what are the other, I don't even
know, World of Warcraft and Guild Wars and all those types of games 24-7, so. If you
think it's weird that there's stations out there dedicated to DDR, just know that there's
other stations out there dedicated to other types of games. Anyway, we got a fun show
for you guys tonight. It's just me and Loki. We actually don't have any other guests tonight.
I know Rice Princess is actually here around. She's watching movies with my roommate, though,
so I don't know if we'll be able to get her on, but maybe we'll get her...
She's watching Fargo.
Are they watching Fargo? Why? Why are they watching Fargo, of all things?
I guess they want to, I don't know, watch someone get thrown through a wood chipper.
How about watching a movie that wasn't really overrated? That sounds like fun.
new song to play for you guys from EX2 and we have a bootleg copy of a song
from Ultra Big Street this is too cool I can't wait to hear how this turns out
we'll be back with more details on that after this started off with a little bit
your rain will be back
I cry out of my head
And I don't know what I found
Over and over, I feel it break me down
Waiting for a gentle way, a gentle way, a gentle way
On the sidewalk, on the city, on my streets just a whisper
Busy people, going nowhere, they've been soaking the rain
No compassion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in a basement waiting for our love, yeah
Look at this summer baby, that's my philosophy It's all rubberneck and fancy, but that's
Some people say I'm wasting time, but they don't really know
Like what I see, see what I've got to give me
Such a tall head, head, head
Sitting on the back porch, all by myself
Oh, King Mary Jane, I'm with somebody else, baby
Stop, look and listen, baby
That's my philosophy
It's called rubbernecking, baby
That's alright with me, yeah
Hey, hey, hey, baby
That's alright with me, yeah
We're going downtown, oh yeah We're going downtown, oh yeah
Don't, don't, don't don't stop the beat Can't, can't, can't control my feet
P-P-P-People in the street Come on everybody move your feet
Don't stop, don't stop the beat I can't stop, can't stop the beat
I won't stop, won't stop the beat no
Let's go!
You were right to make me free
That you're the need to live
You were right to make me free
Never thought you'd come to me
Gaming Radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Moo-caw-key.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Pack's done.
Hello everybody, we are back on Orange Lounge Radio, and that break, arguably one of the best remixes ever done for DDR, Midihead, in my eyes.
in my eyes. Before that, Junior Senior, Move Your Feet,
Elvis, Rubberneckin from Ultramix 2, and the Kiryamaoka with Your Rain, The Rage Mix
from
DDR Extreme USA. Remember when it was like a really huge deal because we were
like the first
place that had that song and we played it and like we made everybody wait for
like two and a half hours before we finally played the song.
Which one? The Your Rain, The Rage Mix. Oh yeah. We're hoping we get to do that again this year.
We're actually kind of excited because we think we might have some hookups this year
where we'll get to debut some of the new songs for you guys, so we're very excited about
that.
Yay.
So, anyway, yes we have a lot of E3 to talk about tonight.
Just Loki and I here tonight, DarkSakura has the night off, she's on her way back from
L.A. right now.
Her and some folks from DRFreak went over to Disneyland yesterday, and I was actually
originally going to go with them, but I had to back out at the last minute, basically,
Because I'm in a bit of a financial situation right now so I couldn't afford to go to Disneyland
among some other things going on.
You're better off.
I mean, it's overrated.
Well, I have some good memories from when I was a kid.
So I was like, eh, I kind of want to go to Disneyland.
It'd be cute.
And plus it made my mom really jealous because I told my mom I was going to go to Disneyland.
She was like, I want to go.
What are you going to do?
So I was going to have fun being able to rub that in her face, but I didn't end up going.
So that's all right.
It happens.
had a pretty good time at E3, so I guess that's that.
All right, so how about a little bit of how was your
week, how was your day, except for the fact that we're going
to talk about E3 a little later.
So is there anything you want to share outside of E3 for how
was your week, how was your day, low key?
Well, let's start off with, first off, we
drove down there.
That was eight hours of fun.
And then we got there, and we went and saw the More Friends
concert, and, well...
Yeah, more friends, more music from Final Fantasy.
It was Snap, Crackle, and Poppin' Fun.
That's what it was.
I think that's the best way to describe the concert, was Snap, Crackle, Pop.
That's a good one.
Let's just put it this way, okay?
If you were to have, like, say, they had complete retards working their audio.
That's what it was.
Because, you know, the singers would be singing, you can't hear them, or the mics wouldn't
be turned on.
It's like they honestly like they got some tech guy out of high school to do it
You know, it was awful as far as audio goes. It was cool
You know the black mages were cool and everything
But it just wasn't mixed right and it's just it didn't sound good at all
Like it's especially the end where they like combined the rock band with the orchestra with the choir. It's just drowned out everything
It's just awful
In that sense, but it was a cool concert
And then we went to Arcade Infinity, and I played the tambourine game except it sucked, only because they didn't have the thing on the floor, told you where to stand, so I couldn't tell where the sensors were, so I, you know, kept losing. But I got to play Night of Fire on tambourines, and I looked like a complete dumbass.
Is it just me, or is the tambourine game the gayest game ever made? And I can say that because I am gay.
because I am gay it's exactly like some of the amigo it's just but I mean don't
you look a little bit fruity playing that game I guess I can trust me I
looked over you look pretty fruity playing that game I guess I hey okay I
had played dance maniacs all day I had to get my dance maniacs Phil and after
my hands started hurting from hitting the damn sensors on accident I decided
to just go ahead and play the tambourine game since it was there you know try it
out and no it wasn't good it sucked and this is arcade infinity of course that
has this game and you know a lot of people know arcade infinity because it's
like you know the home of all these import games and it's the babani capital
of the world and stuff is it just me or is arcade infinity slowly losing its
charm a little bit as the years go yeah it's slowly losing its charm I did get
to play some guitar freaks V that was kind of cool and I got to play who was
What was that one song? Well, Misery Lou had played that, and then whatever that heavy metal song that was in that.
The only one I remember I actually really like, I hate to admit this, I really like the Vanilla Ninja song that's in Guitar Freaks. I need to copy it.
I played that too. But anyways, the heavy metal one that was completely obnoxious, I played that about three times. Really loud.
because the guitar freaks there, it's really loud. It's just extremely loud.
It's so unexpected, coming from playing at Golf Land where everything's quiet.
I got to play a little bit of Papa Music Yoha when I was there, and it pissed me off
because when I started the game I just went into, you know, I can't read Japanese,
I don't know what the different modes are, so I just went into the first mode,
the default mode, and it's some type of beginner warm-up mode, so I couldn't pick
pick from hardly any of the songs so I got kind of frustrated I mean I got to
play Gradius full speed in the first game but it was on like easy mode and
you know I'm already decent enough at pop music where I can play a lot of
stuff on hyper so finally I figured out the only way you can really pick from
any song is you have to go into challenge mode but that just kind of
ticked me off that I lost a dollar because I didn't know better I also
played a game of 2d x-red did you play any 2d x-red nope don't play 2d oh well
I it was fun I guess I was able to play injection of love and that made me happy
happy. What else did I play? Nothing, really. They had taken out my GalsPentate game from
AI, so that made me sad. Yeah, really, that was all I played, was dance maniacs and guitar
freaks there. I don't care to touch Poppy Music, just because... I mean, honestly, why
are they making Poppy Music 13? It's the same fucking game all over. It's just, oh, look,
changed it now it's a different theme it's got a game it's got a rabid fan
base and apparently it's still doing very well in Japan so I don't get it
don't know what to tell you I don't get it but yeah so I played that as fun and
then you know of course you know Wednesday Thursday Friday and we
actually did the e3 thing a little bit of highlights though of non e3 stuff we
did fight it okay now get this we fought our way through an audio slave concert
to go to Hooters. Yes, this is true. We fought our way through a concert in the middle of
Hollywood in Highland to go to Hooters to eat. I guess they were taping the Jimmy Kimmel
show or something. All these people were out there because, you know, free Audioslave concert.
And I'm going to be honest, guys, I didn't even know who Audioslave was, really, until
I looked up and the guy was singing Spoon Man and I was like, oh, it's the guy from
Soundgarden he must have like a new band and finally I figured it out I mean how's
that apparently their new album came out that day okay apparently that's what I
read but I get it but yeah so we had to fight our way through a crowd so that we
could go to Hooters because they don't have Hooters in Sacramento so it's a big
deal for us to get to go to Hooters it was who terrific yeah and honestly
what's the big deal with Hooters why are they have a I know we I don't like to
talk about local stuff a lot but they're making a big stink about putting a
Hooters here in Sacramento because they're saying you know it's gonna crap
the children. What's the big deal? I've seen bigger horror waitresses at Chili's
than I saw at Hooters. If you want to talk about a big horror selling burgers, look at
the new Paris Hilton Carl's Jr. commercial. Come on. Is that... and oh man I
can't believe that she's just like... did you know and I'm not sure if you're
aware of this that's actually gonna be on TV and I saw this last night before
they're... you know they have the commercials before the movies and stuff
They were trailering get this
It was I want to be a Hilton
It's gonna be a new reality show where the mother is actually gonna try to eat like it's refined making them refined
I'm like, yeah and like your daughter's really refined refined improper my ass
So, um, yeah, it's gonna be a new reality show coming to TV. That's crap
I wish the Hilton's would just disappear honestly all of them your hotels get affected by aliens
and their hotels are not that good. Actually, I stayed in the Hilton once. It was nice.
But that's because my work paid for it. When I have to pay for it, I stay at Motel 6 in
the ghetto part of Hollywood. We didn't have any run-ins with former reality TV stars this
time at the Motel 6 like we did last year. All the celebrity sightings this year were
from far away. And a culmination of everybody that was in our group, I think we saw Gary
Coleman, Sinbad again. We saw Jason Mewes and the Waynes brothers.
At E3, not at our hotel.
At E3, yeah right, at our hotel, my ass. Although, our hotel is a step up from Jersey.
But that's pretty much all that really happened. It's just not too much exciting stuff, really.
of walking, feet tired. We're on G4 TV. Oh yeah. If you guys haven't heard the podcast
yet, which by the way, we were doing podcasts every day from E3, and you can download this
at www.orangelandradio.com. Click on Orange Island Radio To Go edition. We actually did
live broadcasts Wednesday, Thursday, Friday from E3. And I believe it's Thursday's edition
we talked about this because it happened on Thursday. We're standing in line to get autographs.
Yeah, we're standing in line to get autographs for my dad, okay? It's for my dad.
I, you know, I'm not starstruck or any of that stuff, you know.
It's not a big deal to me, but my dad really loves the
Attack of the Show, because he's loved the screensaver since the beginning, so I thought,
okay, that'll be a nice gift. If only this were, like, last year or something and
Leo Laporte hadn't been fired yet, then I'd be starstruck, but
maybe me too a little bit, maybe me too a little bit. Because Leo's awesome, Leo.
But, anyway, so, yeah, we were waiting in line and they were filming G4TV.com up on
their little, like, platform there, because they were doing a lot of filming at E3, and
so they're filming an episode of that, and they actually were, you know, filming the
line as we were waiting to get in, just for bumpers for the commercials when you come
in, you know, they do a little, you know, talking over the picture and whatnot.
basically they filmed us for quite a long time on that actually it's funny
somebody in the chair room says were you guys in one of the panning shots below
the platform thing yes that was it yeah so we're down there and we're in a
couple of them and I hear Brad and Irene are also in one for another show too
because they were in the live crowd shot or something at the very end so I
don't know but it's interesting I thought it's pretty cool and I slipped
them Kevin and Sarah one of our media samplers while I was there as well so
we're trying to figure out if like he actually listened to it which we kind of
doubt because you know the people probably slip him all sorts of weird
shit and he doesn't you know he didn't care so we're wondering if one of the
interns is listening to it or if one of the bums who found it in the trash out
back ended up listening to it we don't know I don't know whatever but that yeah
Yeah, that was pretty much our E3, I believe. That pretty much sums it up, other than actual E3 stuff.
Yeah. Uh, let's see. What kind of stuff did I do over the week? Pretty much the same thing, because we were pretty much hanging out together all the week, except I haven't had a car the past couple days, which kind of sucks, so I haven't been able to really go anywhere, because my car's getting repaired from the break-in when they stole my stereo a couple weeks ago.
Um, funny E3 stories, I don't really have a whole lot to add to that except for me almost
passing out because I had to wait for 45 minutes to get a damn hamburger and one of those lines
downstairs to, where there's food. Man, E3 is just so freaking crowded and they don't
have enough stuff to handle everybody, it seems like. I wonder if they actually put
a limit on how many people can go to that. They obviously don't. It really seems like
anybody can go.
Pretty much. I mean, Sinbad's in there. I mean, come on, Sinbad? He's not in the industry. Nor is Gary Coleman. Although, I could see maybe that he, you know, would get one of those legacy passes. I don't know if he'd been there. He'd get invites anyways. Gary Coleman, I think, was in a game, like, a couple years ago. It's possible. I don't know. But, I don't know. I think it's just kind of cool to see that they actually have interest in that kind of stuff, though. That's kind of neat.
Where was Elijah Wood? I thought he was this huge gamer because he was on MTV promoting the Xbox 360.
Where was he at E3? That's what I want to know.
I have no idea.
I guess he had better things to do, more important than gaming stuff because he was such a hardcore gamer.
You know, apparently, I don't know if this is just a rumor or what have you,
but one of my friends posted in LiveJournal about this,
that the Xbox 360, because you got me thinking about that,
that you couldn't really see the consoles
at the Microsoft booth.
You couldn't see the consoles at all.
You just saw them running and you saw the controllers,
but you didn't see the actual console.
Yep, the consoles were there.
But no, he said he looked into one,
like he looked into one of the cases,
and he saw a frickin' Power Mac G5 in there.
Not an Xbox 360.
So isn't that ironic if there's some secret Apple
Microsoft teaming up thing. Well, first off, yes, the G5 processors are in there.
Second of all, the test kits look like a G5. And third of all, there were the
actual Xbox 360s there. They were just... it was built... Some of them were there.
Pretty much it was like a... looked like this white kind of pedestal thing, and
then there was a little cutout, and the 360 was in that cutout. But that was it.
But yeah, they were actually there, and it was probably running off of development
kits, which they've had the pictures online for them. They look like G5s. They pretty
much are G5s, but it's because it runs off the same chipset, PowerPC stuff, so.
Crazy.
Yeah.
Did you actually get to play anything for Xbox 360?
No, I watched people play stuff.
I played one game. I played that Top Spin 2, the tennis game.
I watched people play, what was it, Knee for Speed, Most Wanted, and that looked pretty
cool.
I also, what was it, I was watching demos for different things, but it was just like,
it was cool.
I mean, really good graphics.
I did go online, though, and watch the rest of those, pretty much everything that you
would have to wait in line for, for the PS3, and that looks pretty cool.
like the issue of the new Gran Turismo game mock-up, the re-rendered Final Fantasy 7 intro,
the Spider-Man, Doctor Octopus stuff, and just the amount of details on there is pretty
amazing.
That'll be interesting.
Okay, so now that's it for How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, because I have nothing really
to add to what Loki adds, so let's talk about the music games.
This is honestly the biggest year for Music Games Z3.
Oh yeah.
So, starting off, the big surprise that just blew everybody out of the water, and people
were like, OMG, it's finally happening, Beatmania USA.
Now Loki, I know you're not a really big Beatmania fan, but even you must have been impressed
by this news.
What did you think?
I just thought, ooh, yay, it's Beatmania.
I'm gonna go play DDR now.
No, it was just like, I was hoping there'd be some different songs in there other than
just like really old Konami originals.
But you know, it's the test location stuff.
But it did look pretty good for test location, like, you know, the E3 demo version or whatever.
It looked pretty polished and stuff.
And honestly, I don't know why people judge that as the final product, because it wasn't...
I mean, if anyone remembers UltraMix 2 last year and how much it sucked, oh my God.
But yeah, this...
Yeah, and then UltraMix 2 ends up being one of the best games they ever put out, arguably.
Yeah, it's just, it's mid, you know, it's not even finished yet.
It's just partial.
So it was pretty good for what it was, you know, um, at least the controllers will be
hopefully cheaper to bring in.
That's, I'm sure...
Yeah, that's something where everybody wins.
Even if you're not a fan of BeatMania in the US and you're against the idea and you're
like I don't get the point because I have every Japanese mix anyway, at least you're
gonna win with this because there's gonna be controllers available now in the US.
Of course there's still gonna be people who bitch when they won't release the arcade style
controllers here.
And I heard, I heard that they're gonna be redesigned too.
Yeah, you know, the ones that we played at, at E3, they actually have the new Konami logo on them,
and I don't remember the controller I have having the new Konami logo on it,
but I think it's some type of new pressing of the Japanese controllers,
because they still said on the turntable itself,
I actually have a picture of them that I'm going to be putting in the Orange Launch Radio galleries in the next couple days,
it actually says BeatMania 2DX on the little turntable,
so that makes me, because of the fact that they're not calling it 2DX here,
because there hasn't been a BeatMania 1 technically.
I mean, granted, we had Hip Hop Mania a year ago, but I think they're just overlooking
that.
And also because, you know, obviously, the new modes, it doesn't really need to be 2DX,
because it's kind of BeatMania and 2DX in 1, so, I mean, you don't really need to call
it that, so.
But it looked pretty cool.
As far as, you know, I didn't actually play it, because 1, it's just, you know, there's
a line of people playing it, and two, I'm just not even good at Beatmania, so I said
no, I'm not gonna touch this, but it looked cool.
It was interesting though, because they were actually plugging Beatmania, if you watch
the little trailer, because Konami at their booth, they show trailers for all the games
that are coming out, so you know, you'd have the DDR trailer, and the Beatmania, and the
Castlevania, and the We Are The Winx, We Are The Winx, that trailer as well, those are
all playing.
What's interesting about the Beatmania trailer, is that it actually said, bringing the arcade
experience home.
There were USA cabinets, though. But not for 2DX. There was, remember, Hip-Hop Mania.
Right, there was Hip-Hop Mania, which I thought was kind of weird, because, okay, A, the game
is not being called Hip-Hop Mania, and let me be the first to say, thank God they aren't
calling it Hip-Hop Mania, because I, for one, would have been really disappointed if they
did. Well, they can't call it Hip-Hop Mania just
because it would confuse people. How about the fact that there was no hip-hop
songs in the demo, really? Maybe one. That's a stretch. But most of it's trance and, you
you know, they can't really call it hip hop mania. But it's interesting that they said
in the draft, bringing the arcade experience home, or, you know, bringing the arcade hit
home. Even the announcer guy was saying, hey, it's an arcade hit, and they're bringing it
home.
I heard a rumor, and of course this is just a rumor, and I think it's another fake song
that's floating around the internet, that there was a song that's going to be in Happy
Sky that's going to be in the US one also. And it's a DJ Amuro track.
Yeah, but I listen to the mp3 of it or what it was supposedly and it no it's a fan
It's not even a good fan made one
It was just you know it has piano in it, so I guess that makes it a DJ Murrow track or whatever I can lame
but um
I'm sure they'll do stuff like that because obviously they haven't listened any licensed stuff
And you never know there might be licensed stuff in there
Possibly it's gonna be a little weird for them to get licensed songs in there because the fact that you know an artist is gonna
to have to give up key samples and all this stuff, but it worked in amplitude, so there's
no reason it can't happen because amplitude isn't good stuff.
It worked in amplitude, and I'll see after the figure.
The other thing is they've got a good relationship with a different drum.
I know a few artists on there that probably wouldn't mind doing that.
I would love to see some different drum artists turn up on BeatMeAniI.
Well hey, already you've got ToeJam.
How much you want to bet ToeJam is in the US one?
Because they'll be an easy transplant for you.
It's going to be in a brand new mix, Happy Sky, and you know, it was in already Ultra
Mix 2.
That would be a pretty easy sell, I would think.
Oh, we'll see.
Anyway, you guys, actually on our website, www.orangelandsradio.com, I actually posted
up an E3 preview of BeatMania USA, and there's actually screenshots from the actual game
and everything, so you can check that out, and as part of it, it actually has the song
list.
If you guys want to check out the songs that are going to show up, these were the songs
that were in the demo, but you know, granted that if they're in the demo they're probably
going to end up in the full game, 99% certainty. The seven key songs you're going to see in
BeatMania USA, Dancing into the Night, Nothing Ain't Stoppin', I Was the One, Shining Polaris
and In My Eyes. Now, a lot of people were complaining at E3 because the difficulty level
was very easy. In My Eyes was showing up as a flashing seven, but the note patterns were
something you would see in a beginner note chart. I guarantee you guys this is not the
way the final release is going to be. I guarantee it. It's not going to be like this. You're
going to see the same level of difficulty you see in the Japanese mixes. The reason
why, now this part I'm speculating, the reason why it was done this way, I speculate, is
because you've got people that have never seen this game before at E3. 99% of the people
in attendance at E3 probably never saw this game before. Probably only 1% of the people
in attendance did. So I think it was something probably to make the game very easily accessible
to them. So I don't think people should get too worked up over the fact that the note
patterns were easy. If you look at the screenshots we posted on OrangeLaunchRadio.com, you can
actually see the very first screenshot has a more dense note pattern than anything that
was in the demo now granted it's in light 7 mode but still it's a more me
all the songs on e3 appeared to be a beginner mode so even to have my light
seven no charts in there I think shows you that there's more to come this is a
very very early build just to kind of show off the game I wouldn't take
anything in this too much as gospel you know what I mean exactly so so stop
getting worked up over the fact that you know it's it was an easy mode um let's
Let's see, also if you put the game, now this is where we get something really interesting
and really different from the Japanese releases and I think honestly this is a throw to the
fans.
I don't think this is something they had to do, I think this is something that they did
for the fans is they actually put in five key mode typically in Japan, for those of
you guys that haven't played these games before, in five key mode it's the seven key songs
But they just put the 6th and 7th key on autoplay, so you only have 5 keys.
And the reason why there is a 5 key mode is because the original Beatmania only had a
5 key mode.
It was a 5 key design.
So what they've done for the US release is they're actually putting, when you go into
5 key mode, instead of having 6 and 7 just be autoplay and it's the same list of songs,
no no.
You're actually gonna get a completely different list of 5 key songs from the 5 key games.
So it's kind of a way for us to catch up on what we missed on Japanese 5 key releases.
So really in reality you're getting two games in one.
Kinda.
You see what I mean?
The five key songs that are going to be available in the demo anyway, La Bossa Nova de February,
Overblast, Hunting for You, Metal Gear Solid Main Theme, and Paranoia Max Dirty Mix.
I'm sure they'll have it where you can download or not download, but they'll have more note charts
I'm sure they'll open up in seven key and stuff. So eventually probably everything will be played all over, you know
May have different note charts for you know
Seven and five or something like that
So it'll be interesting. Yeah, so
I'm very excited about this now again
This is a very early build that we saw at e3 the actual release of this game is not coming until
until 2006. So, we do have a little ways to wait. A lot can happen between now and then
as well. From what I'm hearing though, it's going to be early 2006, like first quarter,
but you never know what might happen with these games. It could be first or second,
but I would say you're definitely going to see this game first half of next year coming
out. So, it should be exciting. Now, one thing that it's kind of getting slammed for is that
the early press release on it and the one sheet that was sent to the press about the
the game states that there's going to be 50 songs in the mix.
And people are saying, well, if there's different song lists
for 5-key and 7-key, that means there's going to be 25 songs
in 5-key and 7-key.
That's kind of eh.
And I have to admit, if it's only going to be 25 songs in
7-key mode, that's a little bit eh.
So I'm hoping that maybe, now nobody said it's going to be
split right down the middle.
I think one thing that could be interesting is perhaps
there's only 10 songs in 5-key mode, 40 in 7-key mode.
I think that's something that's kind of feasible.
We'll see what happens.
And I think that might be a little more satisfying.
And also, I mean, it doesn't mean that they're going to be
stuck in those modes.
Like I said, it's not going to take that much effort to make
another note chart for one song that was a five key to
seven key.
I mean, it's not that hard.
It's just a little editing.
So I don't see why that would be a problem.
So anyway, it'll be interesting to see what kind of
songs we get in this game as well.
Obviously the interface is night-style's interface, but we're seeing songs that date, you know, all the way back to early, early mixes.
Shining Polaris is, what, fifth-style? It was on fourth-style consumer. It was a fourth-style consumer track.
So that goes a little ways back, but then you have...
Dirty Mix.
In My Eyes was a little bit, what, fifth-style? I'm having a hard time remembering some of this stuff.
Fourth, I think.
Yeah, oof.
So, we should expect to see songs from a wide variety of the different Konami styles.
What would be very cool though, and I hope they do and I don't know if they're gonna end up doing this or not
But I'm hoping in five key mode we get at least one or two songs
From seventh mix or the final because those mixes were never released in Japan. So if we got some of those songs
That would be very cool. It'd be kind of like a that would be a really nice thing for Konami to do for the US
Audience I think would be to give us like at least one or two songs from seventh mix or the final to show that they care
But we'll see. Let's see what happens. All right. So that's about that on BeatMania
USA. Anything else you want to add on that? No. Okay. So we will take your calls later
over the Skype line if you guys want to talk about BeatMania USA. Pretty nice surprise
though, huh? That was a nice surprise. Let's talk about some of the stuff that was actually
going on at Konami's booth. It wasn't just a bunch of games being, let me take that back.
You have the games being shown, right? You had Ultramix 3 and Extreme 2 and Beatmania.
What some of you folks may not realize is that these games, I'm sorry, Karaoke Revolution
Party as well, these games were the center stage at Konami's booth. They were the featured
games by Konami this year. Yeah. Not only that, they had this huge setup with this light-up
wall and this, they called it Club Revolution and these, these were the centerpiece games
that Konami was featuring this year.
Not only were they featuring the games live on center stage,
they actually hired, this is something a lot of people
haven't talked about on the forum,
so I want to make this very clear.
They actually hired this dance troupe,
this really famous dance troupe called the Groovilloos
to come in and do about 10 shows
throughout the three days of E3,
maybe a little more, 10 to 12 shows,
kind of showing off DDR.
The Groovilloos were famous because they're actually
the shadow dancers in the iPod commercials,
and they've been in a ton of music videos,
And they're also the same people that are motion-captured for the dancers for Ultra
Mix 3.
Yes, they're actually going to be motion-captured dancers.
It's a little unclear which game, because some people were saying Ultra Mix 3, and some
people were saying Extreme 2.
I think it's Ultra Mix 2, I want to say.
You mean Ultra Mix 3?
No, I think they actually started with probably Ultra Mix 2, because if you remember, they
changed the whole, they re-motion-captured everything for Ultra Mix 2, remember?
Well, regardless, one of the new games, maybe both for all we know, has the Groovaleus being
motion-captured on it, so if you like that dancing in the iPod commercial, that's what
Emmy and the new characters, blues and stuff, that's what they're going to look like.
I mean, it's going to be awesome.
So going back to what I was saying, the Groovaleus were doing this little show, and the show
they did, now they didn't just get up there and play DDR, they actually did a freestyle
thing, they didn't actually have the games running, they weren't actually doing their
dancing on DDR, but what I thought was really cool, what they did, they used music from
the various DDR games, and they even did a throwback to Beatmania. They did this thing
with Metal Gear Solid, the mix there that's in Beatmania, and they actually were all dancing
and the guy had his Beatmania controller, like an air guitar, and he was scratching
on it. I know it sounds a little bit cheesy, but trust me, this was very cool, and they
They got huge crowds around Konami's booth.
Huge crowds checking this out.
These people dancing.
And it was really good promotion for the games.
One thing I thought was very interesting is that they highlighted all the games.
So they actually got one of the girls from the Groovilews would sing like Karaoke Revolution
Party.
One of the songs featured in Karaoke Revolution Party is Crazy in Love.
So she actually got up there and started singing from Crazy in Love.
And the other guy also sang, you know, Play That Funky Music White Boy.
That's right.
But this is the thing.
Karaoke Revolution Party is going to have this new mode we'll talk about a little later
called Sing and Dance Mode, where you can sing and dance at the same time, when she
was doing the sing and dance, if you watched her, the dance she was doing lined up with
the arrows. So in a way, even though she wasn't playing the actual game, they actually showed
the video, the Karaoke Revolution Party video, I mean they had it all synced up, and the
dance she was doing was the exact same dance that was on the screen. It was awesome. So,
my point, the reason why I'm telling you all this, those of you folks that said that Konami
does not support their U.S. audience can now officially shut the fuck up.
Seriously, you got served at E3. The Gruvaloos served you. They did. You just
got served. Konami has thrown all of their support by highlighting Karaoke Revolution
Party, DDR, two of them, and now Beatmania, all coming out in the U.S. If you still, after
If you still, after all of this, think that Konami does not support their U.S. audience
when it comes to these music games, nothing is going to satisfy you.
Nothing.
So, honestly, quit.
Just quit.
Nothing they do is going to satisfy you.
Go away.
We don't need to hear from you anymore.
Quit.
Do us all a favor.
Because it is obvious and apparent that Konami obviously invested a lot of money into this
stuff and that they are throwing their full support behind these new games so
so shut up I wanted one of the songs that they were playing there and I don't
know what it is someone told me though that was the music from one of the menus
which is pretty cool yeah actually the very first song the
groove loose did was supposedly some type of stage select music or something
I wanted it because I can remix it with no limit it would work perfect but I
can't find it because it's only in their little dance thing and that makes me sad
but it's alright soon enough but anyways I was gonna say for the um I know we
haven't really touched on this yet extreme 2 and stuff but this is kind of
a little off the topic of Japanese DDR you know we had the little thing where
they're saying you know oh hey it's a new mix of the teaser things you're
It's extreme 2. Now I know everyone is like, well yeah, of course it's extreme 2, but we know this for a fact, because the exact same footage of which they have a still on their website teasing it, the exact same footage was in the intro for DDR extreme 2. So, it's a fact. It's extreme 2 that they're plugging there.
There's obviously other information that we'll cover probably a little bit later in the show regarding Xtreme 2, at least rumors, and that sort of thing.
But anyways, DDR.
Yeah, actually I think we're going to take a break at this point. We're going to come back and do some DDR.
We're going to talk about Xtreme 2, and I think before we come back and talk about Xtreme 2, I'm actually going to play one of the brand new songs from Xtreme 2.
This is a premiere. I don't think anybody else has played this song yet.
So this is a brand new premiere for you guys.
I just have to find it here. Let's see, we're gonna do this.
Also, later in the show, we will talk, we're not gonna just talk about Konami.
There were other music games there at the show.
Yes, I do want to bring you guys up to speed on what's going on within the groove.
Very interesting what went on at Red Octane's booth. Very, very interesting.
So I want to talk about that. And I have played it.
Yeah, and Loki finally got to play in the groove for the first time.
so he has some things he wants to say about In a Groove. We have some
interesting things to say about Guitar Hero, we'll get into that,
and what else? There's other music games there. Actually, I'm gonna tell you guys about a
music game.
I think everybody completely missed because it's on a platform you would have
never expected.
When I was going through my press kits, I discovered this, that there's actually a
brand new music game.
Nobody even noticed, I think. So we're gonna talk about that all when we come back.
For now though, let's get into the song from
EX2. Okay, this is the song. This song is
Naoto Suzuki featuring Martha, and the song is called
and I'm gonna mispronounce this first word here
Polovcian
Dances and Chorus. This is a brand new song that's going to be in DDR Extreme 2.
I actually only have the full mix, so this is about a five minute song, but you
can expect to see about a minute and a half, two minute edit.
This song was in the demo. It had its own video with it.
The deal is, is this is actually from a new game coming out that Konami's putting out called OZ.
And that's really all I know, is that it's some new game that Konami's putting out.
It looks spiffy from the video, though.
The video looked pretty hot. It looks like a Castlevania-ish title-ish.
And it'll be nice to actually hear the music since the bass that they had around there.
Yeah.
It was a little too loud and I couldn't hear it, but yeah.
So here it is, you guys. World premiere for you guys here on Orange Lounge Radio from DDR Extreme 2.
This is the full version of Polovstian, and I'm sorry, I'm totally butchering that word,
Polovstian Dances and Chorus.
We'll be back after this.
🎶🎶🎶
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
You
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Alright, we are back and that was one of the brand new songs from DDR Extreme 2.
The full version there, Palovstian Dances and Chorus.
So should be interesting.
Now remember that's going to be trimmed to DDR length.
So if you guys kind of thought, it's a little bit repetitive there and kind of get slow
in some parts, don't forget they're going to trim it so that it's more DDR friendly.
So you can kind of, you know, the fast parts there with the vocal, that's probably what
you're going to see in the final release.
Honestly, I did play that song in the demo, but it was so darn loud at E3 that I couldn't,
could barely hear the song.
So I couldn't tell you what parts of it specifically are in there, sorry.
So but I do, I do remember it was fun and it had a pretty sweet video, so it's exciting
that they're going to other games other than just Silent Hill for some of their music.
So Konami's tapping into some of their other games. It's kind of cool. And then we'll get
into Ultramix 3, which actually has a song from Castlevania in it, which was originally
in Keyboard Mania. We'll get to that in a little bit. So let's talk about some of the
DDRs. We'll start off with Extreme 2, since we played the song there in that break. We
will open up the Skype line in a little bit here for you guys to call in if you have questions
for us about E3, some other things. Let's talk about Xtreme 2 first off. What did you
think of Xtreme 2? You got a chance to play it, right?
It was cool. I liked it. I'll probably be buying it.
What are some of the differences between Xtreme 2 and Xtreme 1?
First off, the interface went back to the old style.
Yes, now it doesn't, not meaning that it copies Xtreme 1's interface, but that Konami basically
got the hint that you guys didn't like the interface in Xtreme USA, so they've changed
it back to that style of...
The standard song wheel.
Yeah, the song wheel that you guys are familiar with since DDR Max.
Yeah.
So, rest easy.
It's gonna stick with that, so.
A lot more modes in this time.
I actually got to play the Xtreme 2 in two different locations.
The first one being at Konami's booth, which had, you know, free play mode was the only
thing available on it at the moment. I was able to actually play a few songs on there.
I tried playing on, what was it, doubles and stuff, but once again Konami only had soft
pads, so that was no good. And then I got to play again on the Sony Entertainment booth.
I got to play the iToy support, and by the way, there is a new iToy coming out. It looks
a lot smaller, looked pretty cool. And I got to try the new Hands and Feet mode, which
now is available in all difficulties. Unfortunately, it hasn't gotten any better. It just throws
out hands in random spots.
Well, now you could get Hands and Feet harder songs in before in Extreme 1, but it was kind
of a pain to do it. You had to kind of set things weird to get it, but I remember playing
maximizer like heavy on hands and feets and it was stupid. But I thought hands and feet
didn't, or if you played it on heavy it did not have the hands. I could swear there was
a way you could get them in there, it's been so long since I played. But regardless it's
a lot easier to figure out in Extreme 2, it's more logical the way they have it set up.
They need to put it in edit mode, that's all I'm saying, that's the only thing they need
to do and that option will be awesome because if you can do your own hand motions and set
up, you know, that would be a really incredible thing to do because it'll be a lot of fun.
I know their hands charts are a little bit on the easy side, all of them being one-footers.
So yeah, I need a little something harder.
Now the interesting thing is I actually played in the heat of the night, heavy, over at Sony's
booth where they had the iToy thing set up because they didn't have the iToy thing set
up at Konami's booth.
They weren't really selling the iToy thing.
In fact, I don't think anybody mentioned the iToy thing at Konami's booth.
This was something more at Sony's and they were kind of whoring out was the iToy thing.
and they had it set up in their itoy area.
The big push for Extreme 2 at Konami's booth
was the online support.
So this is definitely not a rumor anymore.
You will be online with Extreme 2,
because this is what they were selling,
is that you're going to be able to do the online mode.
And then the feature I'm going to do later this week,
we actually have screenshots from the online mode that'll
show you kind of what it looks like.
So over at Sony's booth, I actually
played in the heat of the night heavy with hands and feet.
Huge crowd of people watching.
Did you see that?
just like tons of people that the reason why I was able to do in the heat of the
night heavy because it has a very easy step pattern for a heavy song it's a
very logical seven-footer it's just doo doo doo doo doo doo doo you know do you
just basically run him back and forth on the pad so it's very easy to do the
hands you just kind of throw up your hands once in a while people love it I
tried doing what I did go try doing undo twa on on that and once again Sony
softpad came to the rescue and failed me and here's why because I was playing
hands and feet mode and it was pretty hard as it was to coordinate myself to
do hands on under 12 because it has a really strange step pattern to it and
then the damn pad stuck to my shoe yay love those soft pads honestly Konami
needs to make some better hard pads if not I don't care if they're as good as
the red octane pads but please so they at least have something else that they
and demo at E3 next year because, God, I hate those soft pads. I hate them. I hate them.
I hate them. You can't play anything. You fail everything. It sucks. They suck. I don't
know how I got started on those pads, but they suck. So, give me something better.
All right. Let's talk about some of the songs that are actually going to be in DDR Extreme
2. A lot of people very excited that Erotic is finally making its way into a U.S. mix.
And this is very interesting, just because a lot of people, especially previously, were
like, you know, well, in the grooves, the only way we're ever going to see erotic songs
at home.
And then Konami kind of pulls this one out.
Oh, nope, we're going to put In the Heat of the Night on there.
That's kind of interesting.
I'm not trying to slam one way or the other.
It's just interesting that the timing, the timing always seems to work out that way,
right?
Doesn't it?
It doesn't always seem like somebody's yelling about something and then Konami says, oh,
here you go.
I don't know.
Exactly.
Um, let's talk about some of the songs that are going to be in DDR Extreme 2.
Erotic and Heat of the Night, of course, as we mentioned.
Genie in a Bottle, but it's a cover of it.
It's by the NC featuring NRG Factory.
So I'm wondering if that isn't one of those karaoke revolution crossovers.
No.
It really?
It was kind of a clubby, imagine, you remember how Oops I Did It Again was kind of clubby?
Yeah.
It's like that.
Huh.
I listened to the, I didn't play it, hell no, I'm not touching that song, but I listened
to the little, you know, loop that they have there when you're playing, you know, in the
song selection screen, and it listened, it sounded just like, oops, I did it again.
So that was kind of cool.
Sean Paul with Get Busy, now again, I don't listen to a whole lot of mainstream music,
so I had no idea that this was a pretty big song.
I really had the video for it.
Yeah, and the video was in it.
1998 from Naoki.
Now, the rest of this song list, a lot of these read-like
songs that people were complaining
were in Extreme 1.
Le More et la Liberté by Naoki Underground.
Une de Trois, of course, is mentioned.
And then some other songs as well.
Can Be Real, Vision F. La Bamba from DDR Extreme, of
course, showed up there.
A new song by Sotav called Saturday Night
Love was in there as well.
I played that a little bit.
I didn't quite hear it, though.
Yeah, it was hard to hear.
Too loud.
Tons of characters are going to show up in Xtreme 2 as well.
Did you see the new character select screen on some of the screenshots that are online?
Pretty big.
Crazy amounts of characters in there.
Rumor is, and I didn't see this and I haven't seen this in the press release either, but
I was reading in some of the forums, rumor is that it's supposed to have some type of
like store mode where you earn points and buy things with the points.
I guess. I mean, that sounds sort of like the mode that they had in Extreme for the
Japanese one, I think. No, it wasn't Extreme. It was Festival Mix. Remember where you could
actually customize your characters a little bit? Sounds very similar to that.
Yeah. In fact, it sounds like a lot of this is actually very similar to, like, we're getting
kind of like Festival with some new stuff as well.
One of the screenshots that actually we got in the press kit actually revealed some other
songs that weren't in the demo.
And the other songs that weren't actually in the demo were B-Lovin' by D-Crew is going
to show up in the game as well.
So you remember B-Lovin' from DDR Extreme.
And then Yuzo Koshiro featuring Julie Rugard with a song called You Gotta Move It.
So those songs are going to show up in DDR Extreme as well.
So it should be interesting.
DDR Extreme 2 also having a Mission Mode thing in it, or I guess it's like Dance Master Mode,
where you're kind of like climbing around this tree.
Again, these are things that were not available in the demo that they had at E3.
These are just things we're getting off the screenshots that were available in the press
kit.
A very souped up version of Mission Mode called Dance Master Mode.
And then just some, of course, new backgrounds and new screens.
grading system, it kind of clicks around and makes a little like beep, beep, beep, beep,
beep.
When it's scrolling through the different grades, it kind of sounds like the Price is
Right wheel or something, I don't know.
And then there's an online play that you, we can see the options on the screenshot,
head to head, ranking challenge, practice, data options, and logout.
What's really interesting though about the screenshot, and I don't get this, but at the
very top it says 32 weeks from beginning 144 minutes until the end. I have no idea
what that's supposed to mean. That's like how long you've been playing online or
what that's supposed to mean? Who knows? I don't know. There was, for example, see
right there, that's the shot. Obviously, you know, we can't... Yeah, I'm actually
scanning through some of the screen... Whoa! What was that? That was weird, I don't know.
We're actually scanning through some of the screenshots in the press kit right now and
you actually can see screens that are in that teaser that was on the Japanese
site so this is this game for those of you that are interested in what's coming
next in Japan it's going to be a port of extreme 2 as if you couldn't figure that
out already yeah and I just wanted to point something out here too and I heard
this and I have to see it in my screenshots there but apparently in one
the backgrounds here we have a familiar little background I'm trying to find it
here thank God they didn't have the pictures of those people dancing with
the eye toy like they did last year and you've gone through all the pictures now
okay wait wait apparently and I didn't see this but apparently someone saw like
a video that was on a website or whatever it had the familiar dancing
bears you know those familiar dancing bears from Romeo and Juliet oh yeah and
and someone thought that that song might be in there.
I hope not, because that's awesome.
But I think, weren't they in the video to be lovin'?
I think they were, so I think people are smoking crack,
but you know, whatever.
We'll see, we'll see.
All right, so that's going to do it
for us talking about Xtreme 2.
Let's move on to talking about the other dance game.
Oh, and I'd like to mention, their Xtreme 2
logo does look very nice.
It does.
I was very disappointed it wasn't purple.
Yeah, you didn't get your purple interface.
It's a very bluish green.
It was, yeah, it was, it looked nice, though.
All right, let's move on to talk about the other
dancing game Konami was showing off.
They were not showing DDR with Mario at Konami's booth,
by the way, but we will get into that.
They like to disavow all knowledge of DDR with Mario.
It's DDR Mario Mix is actually what they're calling it,
and it didn't show up until you actually walked over
to Nintendo's booth.
In fact, I have kind of a funny story.
We'll get into that a little bit,
but let's talk Ultra Mix 3.
What'd you think of Ultra Mix 3, Loki?
That was cool.
I liked it, I played it.
It was interesting, did a lot of weird things with it, all of which we'll mention.
The first thing I noticed, obviously the interface hasn't really changed much, it is now kind
of an aqua theme.
Yeah, it's like water.
But that's cool, though.
That's cool because it's not some generic, like, woo, look, it's background videos.
No, this is all, like, you know, actually water themed.
It looked pretty cool.
Good song list so far.
Again, an early, early build because a lot of stuff changed from UltraMix II's E3 show.
Remember guys, Ultramix 2 at last year's E3 sucked.
We dogged on it and said it was going to be a horrible mix, and it turns out it was one
of the best mixes they ever released.
The preview for Ultramix 3 this year was actually really kick-ass, and so it's amazing to think
what this is going to become when it's actually released.
But if there's a lot of negative feedback to the Aqua theme or some of the characters,
this stuff could change.
But there was no Hoochie Mama Emmy this time to speak of.
In fact, it looks like the characters are actually different, some of them.
disappointments I had the character select you can only select characters
with L and R can't do that on a pad so you're stuck with the default character
interesting then what else there was some pretty cool new songs that were on
there we have a new MIDI head remix that was in there yes and we're gonna
actually play that very soon MIDI head is going to do a new remix it's called
jelly kiss MIDI heads smack mix also in UltraMix 3 we're gonna have Akumajo
Dracula medley that is the Castlevania songs compilation that is in keyboard
mania is crossing over I have been begging for this song for two years and
it's finally there I would like to think that I am directly responsible for the
song being in there but I'll just keep and for all you people that were
bitching and moaning before yes you're damn stupid max ripoff song Sakura is in
there yeah Sakura is showing up in ultra mix 3 which has a lot of people bitching
that it's not showing up in Xtreme 2 yet, but a lot can change.
God, people, are you never happy? Honestly, that song is just a stupid Max remix. I mean,
come on, folks. Just, you know, just because it's in UltraMix 3 does not mean it's not
gonna show up in Xtreme 2. We just don't know yet. It's a limited song list. Another song
people have been bitching about for forever, finally coming to the USA after years and
years, Butterfly, Smile DK.
I had to laugh, that was funny, cause um, oh god, I can't remember.
Didn't people say, oh smile decay hates Konami now?
Who was that freestyling Kyle Snyder's routine?
Lil B.
Lil B, yeah he was up there, that was funny.
So Butterfly is going to be in UltraMix 3.
Finally, like how many home releases is this later?
Eleven home mixes later or something?
We get Butterfly.
Uh, Breakdown would be for you.
Togo featuring Sana Miracle Moon, LED light style.
Daikonkai is going to show up.
You guys love to whore that song out.
Firefly, Be For You, Destiny Lovers, The Legend of Max, Emotion, Kiss Me All Night Long, Eversnow,
and Candy Star.
Pretty impressive song list so far, lots of songs playable in the UltraMix 3 demo.
Other things different about UltraMix, there was a brand new freestyle mode.
Yeah, kind of interesting.
I got to play that.
It was very interesting.
Basically, there are no arrows, but the way it works is, it's even kind of very strange.
kind of got this thing on the bottom of the screen it looks like kind of like a
heart meter and it's going across and there's a line in the middle line is
basically on the quarter note for every you know beat so basically what you need
to do the object of that is I guess I don't know how they grade you on it but
you basically it's like variety and like how fast you step and stuff and
basically how in like tune with the song you're stepping and stuff and they grade
you on like variety or like it's like intensity and stuff like that and they
give you a grading at the end but you basically can do whatever you want and
you get this like and if you count your calories as you burn yeah so it's very
interesting it's gonna be a very neat kind of addition like it sounds sounded
kind of lame it's like oh it's like you know why don't you try some hold notes
or something like that and it was very strange that was something new that was
in there. And then the brand new thing, which is really strange, quest mode. Quest mode
is more interesting than I thought it would be. Quest mode actually seems very similar
to the mission mode that's showing up in Xtreme 2, except instead of just this giant tree,
you have this states and capitals map. So you have a map of the states of the union
with all the various capitals, and you start quest mode in Orange Lounge's home of Sacramento.
Thank you very much. And that was done for us, by the way. No, I'm kidding.
And what's also great about that is you have to pick up your
dance crew, I guess, along the way. I only played a little bit of quest mode and I didn't
really... it looked like you had to earn a certain amount of points to
capture a state or something. It looked a little cheesy, but
you know, it adds some replay value to UltraMix 3. What the heck, right? And it'll
probably be a method to unlock some new songs.
Hey, it's creative. Why not, huh? It's not bad.
It's not bad. It's not as cheesy as you would think.
It's pretty cool.
So if you live in a state capital, you'll be able to play in your
home ground on the quest mode in UltraMix 3.
Let's get into this. We actually have
a E3 bootleg exclusive,
and you know this is Loki's fault. Loki, what did you do here? I recorded the MIDI Head
remix with
this really crappy mic and a really crappy digital
recorder that I have
and therefore you get this really crappy quality recording
but it's the only one you're going to hear unless you were there
and we have to preface this, the reason why we had to record this for you guys is
the Jelly Kiss remix
is very hot
it is very hot, it is
incredible at his remixes, he's so good at remixing the songs
I played this song about twenty five times while I was there
so um...
honestly I wish I had a better mix for you
because this doesn't do it justice but it's still hot. This will just have to
kind of at least you can get an idea but
trust me, guys, this is a very crappy quality. This is like crappy
location test quality, okay?
This is like Beatmania 2DX test location
with a microphone, okay? At least I actually had a microphone and then just used the
microphone on the tape recorder
because that would have sucked even worse. Let's see how bad this is because I haven't heard how bad the
quality though it's pretty bad all right well let's see well I might have to cut
this off if it's too bad I don't come on you got all right all right a minute like
fine it's a minute 47 seconds if you don't like the quality you just turn
down your speakers but trust me you guys this song is so hot
Jelly Kiss, Midi Head, Smack Mix, bootleg version
Orange launch radio exclusive
It's all in here!
Honestly guys, that recording doesn't do the song justice,
But you could hear you could hear that the remix is really good
You could at least get an idea of what it sounds like.
It's not great, but you know, I tried the best I could to clean that up and it just was not yet doing me any good
Please don't base your opinion of that song off that recording
but at least that's really for the hardcore fans to wet your appetite a little bit for the real thing gives you an idea of what's
Gonna sound like and it sounded really cool when I heard it. I was like, ah, I gotta play this so it'll be cool
I don't doubt it. But uh
again guys it was like what a $20 digital recorder how much was like a
little cheap digital digital recorder was a little bit more than $20 but
wasn't much but yeah the mic was like ten bucks I mean come on oh yeah the
mic oh gosh it was that same microphone we use for our podcasts away from home
$10 mic see like if I had professional recording equipment actually what I
would have preferred to do but obviously I had no access to do this would be to
pull one of the audio connectors out of the speaker and actually hook it up directly to
it. Ideally, you know, if I had known somebody that worked there that would let me do that,
that'd be awesome, because I would have had the tools to do that. But yeah, right, like
they're actually going to let me bootleg this song.
What you did was crazy enough. I couldn't believe, because there was a Konami person
that walked right by you as you were doing that. I couldn't believe that they were cool
with it. I not only did that once, I did that twice,
Because the first time, somehow my erase button got stuck down, so it got erased the first
time.
And I did that, the first time was on the stage, I did that right there.
So no one really cared, but I really wish I had a plug that could have just gotten a
game copy of it.
Some folks in the chat room are begging us to put that bootleg copy up somewhere.
I'll have to think about it, because I really don't want people to think that this is what
the song is actually going to sound like because it will be much better. Hopefully, Midihead,
he likes to put these things up on his site. Hopefully, he'll do something for the fans
over there.
We'll beg.
We'll say, we'll beg and plead. Everybody go to Midihead's site and beg and plead. But
he might not be able to. Don't beg too much, because if he says he can't, then he can't.
I mean, Konami might be wanting to put this on a V-Rare later or something, so.
Oh, it will be on a V-Rare, I'm sure.
He might not be able to do it, so don't bug him too much. If he says no, leave him alone.
But if there's even a possibility, he might do it.
Bug him.
All right.
Let's go to a break.
Let's do a break, because we need to stretch a
little bit here.
Just a rundown of the different modes that are going
to be in UltraMix 3 as well before we get a break.
Party mode, freestyle, quest mode, workout mode, challenge
mode, playing online, Xbox Live, training mode, edit mode,
jukebox mode, which is something we didn't mention,
but it wasn't playable in the demo.
That's why.
But we imagine it's just the videos and nothing else.
Kind of like 2Box Mode and 2DX.
And options, of course.
I love playing the options mode.
We're going to go to a break.
And when we come back from this break, what we're going to do
is we're going to talk a little bit about DDR with Mario, or
DDR Mario Mix, as they're going to call it in the US.
We're going to talk about In the Groove.
I still want to talk In the Groove.
And we want to get Loki's thoughts on
In the Groove as well.
And we're going to take your call from Step Line.
Also, Loki tries a bunch of different hardpads in succession, making him very tired.
Alright, yeah, yeah, that's, oh yeah, we gotta talk about that. Some of the other
Kenshiya Hall tour that we did, little Kenshiya Hall tour that we did.
And, yeah, I want to also touch on how I almost got in trouble a few times at the
Infinity Gaming booth with their Feel 3.
we'll talk about that. So in this break I thought what we could do is actually do
some music from UltraMix 3 because we actually have a lot of the songs
already in rotation on Orange Lounge Radio, our music program that runs 24
hours a day seven days a week, we're not here, so we're gonna play some of the
songs that are gonna be featured in UltraMix 3 in case you guys haven't
heard them yet. And should we also mention that one of our cast members is
no longer with us? Yes, we should mention this, one of our cast members is no
longer with the show they are they have been snatched up by the katamari yes
they have been stuck on the giant katamari and gone forever and that is
one of our ferrets and it's actually the ferret in question is the ferret that
was broken and Loki actually operated on him it was one of the ones I operated on
and it's also one of the ones that it's one of Jamie's favorites the one it's
all you know it's all which made me even happier to get rid of it sorry Jamie if
So now we have old ferrets still here, but the new ferret.
We still do have one of the ferrets here, and this is Jamie's absolute favorite ferret.
So he's still here.
Hmm, actually that might be the old one, or the new one.
Isn't this the old school ferret?
I thought that was the new one.
Was that the very first ferret?
I don't remember.
Yeah, that might be the old one.
I think it is.
Whatever.
All right.
So one of the ferrets is gone.
I like our chat room.
www.orangeonstrator.com, click on chat.
They're always hilarious in there.
in there saying dark Tetsuya porta 40 in memory awesome we'll be back after this
DDR mario mix in the groove a little guitar hero our trip to Kenshia Hall and
more. We'll be back.
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
30
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
40
41
42
42
43
44
45
45
46
47
47
47
48
48
49
49
50
50
Yeah
🎵
Oh
Music
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
to play it just because, I don't know, it just wasn't my thing. You know, it looked
a little easy. It looked kind of very Disney-ravish, and I just didn't want to touch it. But it
looked interesting, different. This is the thing about DDR Mario Mix. They actually weren't
showing this at Konami's booth. You actually had to go over to Nintendo's booth to see
this. And what's really interesting is I asked somebody at Konami's booth, who I know kind
of well, what's up with DDR with Mario? And they were like, oh, it's a Japanese-only release.
I'm like, okay. Then I walk over to Nintendo's booth and there it is. They're showing it.
I'm like, you lied to me. Too many people lied to me this E3.
You're a dirty liar.
Too many dirty liars at E3. But we actually went over to the Nintendo booth and ended
up seeing DDR with Mario. And I actually got to play, and this is the weird thing about
DDR with Mario. I played a song, I want to say it was like the Hammer Brothers medley
or something, it was a song I played. It's so loud at E3 you can't hear the song anyway.
played it and I played it on very hard mode which is only one step below the
hardest mode that's in there super hard I played it on very hard and not every
song even has super hard steps in fact very hard was as high as the hammer
brothers song went I would say it was about the equivalent of a five-footer
and I triple-a'd it my first try hmm so that's about the skill level you're
gonna see on DDR Mario mix okay and I'm not one of those people that can like
AAA every song, okay? I've AAA'd some songs, but nothing that crazy. So DDR Mario
mix is definitely not for the hardcore DDR player, unless you happen to be a fan
of Mario as well. Then, you know, then you might like this mix because it's gonna
have a lot of songs especially for you in this. But as far as, you know, the DDR
person that's looking for the next 10 footer and is hoping that it's gonna be
the, you know, star medley in Mario is going to be a 10-footer, I highly doubt it.
This is a mix that's going to be for kids, mostly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, let's look at, um, some of the songs that are going to be in Dance Dance Revolution
with Mario.
It was really, did you actually take a look at the song list at all?
Um, a little bit, not, very briefly.
But did you see any songs in there that weren't from a Mario game?
No.
DDR Mario mix but with Nintendo putting this out you would still think you'd get
maybe I don't know a Donkey Kong song or a Zelda song or something no all Mario
songs starring Wario boo boogie rollercoasting hammer dance blooper bop
in the whirlpool fishing frenzy jump jump jump destruction dance garden boogie
underground Mozart here we go up down left right always smiling rendezvous on
Ice, Deep Freeze, Cabin Freezer, Cabin Fever, and Frozen Pipes are the songs in
Dance Mystery Revolution of Mario. Also should be noted about DDR Mario mix, only
going to be like 30 songs at most. It's not going to be a very big mix at all.
Yeah. So this is, this is something you're gonna get for your five or seven year
old cousin that wants to get into DDR. Unless you are a Nintendo addict, a
Nintendo junkie, there's nothing wrong with that. I love Nintendo. You know what,
This is not for you.
Jungle Beat where it uses the DDR pad, but it's not a music game. Yeah
So I'm hoping hopefully something like that will come out justifying this purchase
You know, I I don't want to knock this because I think you know Nintendo has always been they do a lot of kid-friendly things
So I think this is gonna be a good thing
I'm not gonna sit here and knock this mix because I think it's gonna be a good thing
I think a lot of the Mario music is very good. I think it's gonna be a fun thing
I think if you have a lot of parties and you have friends over that don't play DDR very much
This is going to be a mix that can really
Enable them to get into DDR a little more Nintendo knows one thing
It's how to make a party game
And so I don't doubt that one bit that any sort of party mode on that would be perfect
So I'm not gonna say, you know, DDR Mario mix sucks because it doesn't it's just different
It's not for you hardcore players. It's for kids and you know people that you know
or not familiar with DDR, but maybe are Nintendo fans.
I think this could expose DDR to a whole new audience, which
is a good thing.
Definitely.
Questions from our chat room.
So does Nintendo have a release time frame for DDR Mario Mix?
We don't know of anything, because we didn't get a
Nintendo press kit.
But Jamie's in our chat right now, and I'm wondering if she
was able to schmooze her way to get a press kit.
We think by end of year.
Hasn't everything we've been reading saying like October, November time frame-ish?
By the way, UltraMix 3 and Extreme 2 are looking at the same time frame.
Will be released, you know, end of year-ish.
Definitely in time for the holiday season.
I do remember Nintendogs is out August 22nd.
That's the one thing I did here.
Nintendogs, by the way.
On the podcast, I named Nintendogs my favorite game of the whole damn show.
Nintendogs is gonna rock.
I can't wait for that game.
gonna be friggin awesome so cute I just love dogs no but really um I can't wait
for that Mario Kart advanced or not advanced so DS kind of disappointed me
but um anyways um let's see here I was just gonna check real quick check some
of the websites online see if we can answer that question yeah if I can't
figure out when it's coming out, nope to be announced 2005. It's gonna be out this
year I would say bank on October November that time frame I think that's
a good it's got to be out for the holiday season honestly. By the way if
you're a Nintendo fan another title not to miss that's coming out next month
Meteos. Awesome puzzle game, awesome puzzle game. Let's see what are the
Bomani games? I think that's it I think that's all the official Bomani
releases that are coming out, so that takes us to the one of the money. So down
in Kenshia Hall, low-key, Kenshia Hall. What do you think of Kenshia Hall this year?
Kenshia Hall blew. It was a little weak compared to last year, and a lot of that
was because Game Infinity got promoted to West Hall. So Game Infinity wasn't
in Kenshia Hall this year. But there were some interesting things there.
One exhibitor that was in Kenshia Hall was GetUpMove.com. They weren't
listed in the program as Red Octane, they were actually listed as GetUpMove.com.
This is the interesting thing.
We went by the booth a couple times because when you're at E3, you end up walking the
floor several times.
You walk by the booths several times.
When we went by the booth on Wednesday, all they had set up were the metal pads and no
TVs and they had boxes for in the groove, display boxes.
They were kind of promoting in the groove but nothing to show.
So I was kind of like, well, that's kind of weird.
I was a little surprised. I was like, wouldn't you want to show off your game that's coming
out really soon? And I asked. I flat out asked the guy. I said, you know, I know there's
things that have happened in the past few weeks that possibly have delayed the home
release. What can you tell me about the release date of the home release? And he told me that
he could say it was pushed back a little bit, but mid-June is the target release now. And
he didn't say it was pushed back because of what was going on. In fact, the ref told me.
Yeah, if I were to guess, I would say it's probably not because of that.
It's probably because of the USB support that they were trying to fix.
That would be my guess.
I don't know.
I think the people are saying it's because of Sony's delay or something.
I don't know.
We don't really know what the delay is, but we don't think it's related to the lawsuit
anymore, which I guess I was proven wrong from last week.
I was convinced that this was going to delay the home release, but hey, I was wrong.
But you know what?
said, I would love nothing more than to be proven wrong on it because I think the home
release should come out, so it looks like it's coming out.
And from what the rep had told me, they are going ahead with it because they feel that
the lawsuit is more to do with the refitting of DDR arcade cabinets.
Red Octane was named nowhere in that suit, so they are proceeding with the home release
because they feel that the lawsuit is strictly aimed at the arcade releases.
so they're gonna release this sucker in mid-June. My advice? If you want this game, buy it
as soon as it comes out. If you don't want this game, don't buy it. But if you want this
game, buy it as soon as it comes out. And I think you should at least check it out.
You know, it's different. Loki, you got to check it out for the first time. What'd you
think?
Uh, well, it's everything I said it was. It's a damn ripoff of DDR, and it sucked. The end.
Really I played it it sucked the note charts sucked the music sucked the graphics sucked and even the pads
They played it on the brand new
You know metal pads by red octane sucked. They killed my ankles
It's the rubbery parts that were inset were inset too far and they were too rubbery and they actually there's no
It's good for sticking to the pad, but it's not good if you want to actually do any freestyling or stuff on it
I did not like their new pads, I thought they stunk, I would not spend my money on them, and I would not even touch nor play ever again in The Groove or in The Groove 2 or any sort of incarnation of In The Groove. It sucked ass and I do not support it at all.
Now tell us how you really feel.
Oh, okay. Here's how I really feel. I think that the interface is playing such as a stupid port of StepMania to the PlayStation 2.
So all you people that want to play StepMania on the PlayStation 2, there you go. Here it is. Enjoy.
But as far as wanting original music, you're not going to find it in The Groove.
In The Groove is just a bunch of rehashed, really amateurish music that you're going to find there.
Oh, sure. There's some good, you know, licensed songs in there. Good. Play those.
That's about all you're going to enjoy as far as In The Groove goes.
But hey if you want the you know something harder for you there you go enjoy that but guess what you're gonna have to shell
out money for a nice metal pad in order to play those hard songs because guess what a
Soft pad ain't gonna do it for you
And you know what I don't think that those ignition pads are going to do it for you either
So have fun playing a game, but I'm sure that unless you are a hardcore in the groove player
You're gonna be disappointed with this so
enjoy
Wow, I was wondering when you were gonna rant this show I
you know what I I
Let me just put it this way, there's better music games coming out this year, don't waste your money.
I didn't have the...
When I first played In the Groove, I wasn't like, OMG this is the best thing ever,
but I wasn't like anti-In the Groove like you were.
It just grew on me, I think you should give it another chance, because In the Groove, it grew on me, as I played it more and more.
I'm sorry though, but these people are going, oh it's not DDR! No, it is DDR, it's exactly DDR.
I, I can't argue with you there. It's, it's, it's very, very much DDR. But, um, the dance
pads, I completely disagree. I think the afterburners are great. I loved playing on them. I don't,
that's where I don't get it. Because I thought they were great.
Okay, the afterburners are okay pads. They just have a fatal flaw in it, and that's that
they're inset too far. Raise them up just a few millimeters and you'll be perfect. They'll
be a great pad. It's just right now, they're too far, so you're gonna, you're playing on
it's awkward because they're inset too far, and that's why. I didn't like them. I played
on a lot of different hardpads. There's, trust me, there are pads worse than the afterburners
there, and we played on those right afterwards. Yeah, now, now, you, even though you're knocking
on the afterburners, what happened after you left Red Octane's booth? You went to DDR Games
booth, and you played on that metal pad, which has a bar, by the way, so this would be great
for you and the Groove players, except... Except the thing is flat, and you can't tell
where you are. It's soft pad syndrome. You basically float all over the pad and you miss
stuff. Not only that, but it wasn't very sensitive at all. That's the other thing I didn't like
about the afterburner. It didn't seem sensitive at all. Now, I was testing it to see...
Is it maybe, is it maybe just that the afterburner was worn out from all the people playing on
it? It's possible... When I played at the premiere, I thought the pads were pristine.
I thought they were awesome pads. My, my complaints with it would be that one, the arrows are
rubbery. They should be just like a metal type thing. Because honestly, if you're playing
shoes you're still gonna get grip but if you want to actually slide on them you
can actually do that as well they that I think would be beneficial for them the
reason why it that the rubbery is that you stick too much and so it kills your
ankles when you do that because it's just not quite like plexiglass and you
get the same syndrome if you like play on some a pad that's sticky the same
thing and this goes for the arcade mixes you'll get the same problem because it
sticks too much and it doesn't you know give as much as you would on a normal
Alright, we're going to talk about the other dance pads that we saw in Kenshiya Hall in a little bit, but I'm going to actually just shift gears real quick here, because we actually have a special guest on our Skype line right now. Who is this?
Just my ass.
Hello, Dark Sakura, how are you?
Exhausted.
Yeah?
Tired.
Been in the car all day.
Yeah, I know how that feels. It kind of sucks driving in the car all day long. How was Disneyland?
Disneyland was pretty fun. They turned off the fast pass at Roger Rabbit though, that
kind of made me upset. But other than that, it went on Indiana Jones twice.
Very cool. What was the best ride you rode while you were there?
Indiana Jones, without a doubt. Heck yeah. So we've been talking about E3
tonight. Of course, obviously, that's what this show's been about. What were your impressions?
Oh, we went to Timbuktu. What were your impressions of some of the stuff
at E3. We've talked about Beatmania and the Konami DDRs and we were moving into In the
Groove. What were your thoughts on some of those games?
Beatmania, of course, was great. Actually, can you believe I got my first AAA on the
stage in front of like a bajillion people? Hey, good deal.
As far as the other stuff, of course, Katamari Damacy was cool. Call of Cthulhu was really
freaking awesome. And I got to play Popocalist, which is a new...Adject got the license on
that one, and they announced it at E3, and it was pretty awesome. It's a 2D RPG game.
For anyone who's into the import scene or into anime, they probably are very familiar
with this one, since it's very, very big. But I got to play a PSP debug, too. They're
pretty heavy.
All right. Now, by the way, I just want to add, for those of you guys listening at home
right now. If you hear Jamie breaking up a little bit, don't adjust your speakers. It's
just we're having a little issue with Skype. But we can still understand you, Jamie. It's
just there's some weird skips in your voice. I don't know what's going on. Just Skype.
I actually turned off the show. Oh, maybe that'll help. Okay. No, I already did. Oh,
hmm. Alright, well. I already did. We'll see. What about the dance games coming out? DDR
Xtreme Mix 3, Xtreme 2, DDR Mario Mix.
Well, I looked at the game, actually I focused on the Mario one in particular.
I took a bunch of pictures, they'll be up on the site soon.
But as far as the other, I really didn't get to play them because of the injury to my hip from my car accident.
I tried to play and it just ended up hurting way too badly.
Although I do like the new mix of Jelly Kiss, that was pretty cool.
We actually played Loki's bootleg earlier.
It wasn't so bad.
Did you say Loki's booty?
No.
Loki's bootleg.
Oh.
We did not play my ass.
It broke up and it sounded like booty.
No, we did not play Loki's booty.
What did you think of, now did you go down to Kenshi Hall?
We were just talking about some of the stuff we saw in Kenshi Hall.
Yeah.
Red Octane's.
The Red Octane's paths were ass-worthy.
I played on the DDR game.
Ha!
I don't get this.
I out-voted here.
I thought the After Burner paths were awesome.
You know what? If they wanted to do a good pad, then Konami needs to re-release the DX pad for the U.S.
Apart from that, I have not played on a single metal pad, other than ones that are homemade that have withstood my, you know, exacting standards.
I don't get it. You know what? I didn't play on the E3 metal pad, I don't think.
The DDR game ones were better, and those were injury-inflicting, as I'm sure Iguana Girl's foot will demonstrate.
I totally have to disagree there. I thought those DDR game ones were kind of booty.
But there was a delay on them. All right. All right, and they are very easy to injure yourself on
I think it's ironic though that the DER game ones are the one that have the bar
When red octane ought to be putting a bar on their pads if they're releasing in the groove, don't you think?
Well, you know what the bar shouldn't be included at all because that just encourages people to rape it
Oh, yeah, that's the other thing. I hate them making a flood of the bar. Okay, I
Going back, I don't want to start another bar issue on the show, but I still say if
the bar wasn't something that should have been used, then they wouldn't have put it
on the thing.
So, I'm okay with people bar reading.
Well, yeah, but that goes to the same people who complain about using speed modifiers on
DDR.
If they didn't want it used, they wouldn't have put it in the damn game.
Right.
Of course, many people say, well, you know, oh, it shouldn't be there, blah, blah, blah.
use your speed modifiers in 2DX, as well as using them in DDR.
Right, and what's wrong with using the bar? Because the bar's there.
Because it's a cop-out, it means you're weak.
I disagree, but that's fine.
You are weak and you rely on the bar for your support. You should stand on your own feet and
beat the game yourself.
Any other E3? How was your week? How was your day outside of E3?
I got sunburned.
at Disneyland? I put some like everywhere except I forgot that my neckline
with that shirt is just a little bit lower than I was thinking of because
I have this really cool shirt but it sags just a little bit because it's just enough too big
and so I didn't put any on my neckline and I was, my shoulder was getting sore and I
thought it was from
the shoulder strap on the camera rubbing up against my
skin. Turned out I was sunburned and it's actually a little swollen.
Did you do anything else in LA besides Disneyland and E3?
We went to AI. I played lots of pop music, you know, huh?
Actually, I just played all the Goonies and all the anime stuff.
I thought Iroha was a little overrated, but that's just me.
I played Beatmania 3's 7th final deal, just because I was waiting for Edo hot and it was
really hard to hear and it wasn't all that much fun.
We went to Roscoe's house for chicken and waffles on Wednesday and I had been really
good on my eating all day because I was going to have some grits and country gravy.
Believe it or not, the grits were substandard.
Not good grits. However, the chicken livers were pretty awesome, and so was the chicken gravy.
I had fried chicken liver. Say what you will, fried chicken liver's good. It's like my comfort food.
I don't know. I don't think I'm brave enough to try one, but maybe someday.
I used to eat the livers all the time.
Then we went to karaoke.
Did you sing anything at karaoke?
I actually did, believe it or not.
They had a that you could choose Chinese
Indonesian
Japanese Korean and
English songs and I actually went on the Japanese list and found the opening Tulane on the
Japanese list there was a bunch of other songs that sort of half new in Japanese, but this one was all in English
So I sang it
Hmm if it was if it was at the place on Thursday, I would sing that one but
Anything else you want to share about E3? Things you saw at E3? Stuff you want to share with our listeners?
I saw the PS3 demo and the Xbox 360 demo and I took a bajillion pictures of the PlayStation 3.
The demos were pretty cool. There's like a motocross game that had a pretty excellent demo to it.
They did a demonstration for the new Tekken thing with Jin and he was all sweaty and I was like, ooh, sweaty Jin.
Yeah, pictures of that online.
I played the crap out of Nintendogs.
I played Frisbee with the puppies.
They have Sweaty Gin online.
Huh?
A picture of Sweaty Gin online.
Oooh.
It's on IGN and it's super big so you can see all the sweat and pores and everything.
Oh, hooray.
Are you on the site yet? Do you know?
I haven't checked. I've been home for all of two and a half hours.
Oh, we'll have to check some of that out and let us know.
It was long enough for me to post my picture, which I'm going to link in the chatroom, of the Reject False Icon sticker on Pac-Man's mouth.
Okay.
I put lots of stuff on the Katamari.
Yeah, I actually ended up putting that sticker on because you put all this other stuff on there. You were like, you didn't want to keep doing it.
I ended up getting four mouse pads, and I gave one to Iguana Girl because she didn't get one.
I gave one to Julie because she was nice and babysat my big fat cat, and I kept two for myself. I'm going to take one to work.
Oh, I actually managed to snag three, and I am going to give one to somebody, but the other one I'm actually going to give away on the show at a later date.
Well, I've still got stuff to add to the bag of swag. You haven't mentioned that to our listeners.
I haven't. Why don't you go ahead and tell them.
tell them. Well, we're planning on doing a contest. We're not really sure how we're
gonna make you embarrass yourselves for stuff, but you know a lot of this swag is
going for bucks on eBay. I found out the slimes are going for $40 apiece. The what
is going for $40? The slimes that they were giving out at the square picture
thing. Oh my gosh. Really? Yeah, you can like just order them from Japan for like five bucks. I'm gonna sell mine now.
How much are those BeatMania t-shirts going for? Oh, I'll tell you what, we've got
I got Julie over here on eBay right now. Do you see any of the BeatMania t-shirts up there?
Let me take a look here.
She's actually found one.
Let me see how much it is on eBay.
Yeah, like I'm ever going to give mine to anybody.
I know. I had people giving me pouty faces and puppy dog eyes for my BeatMania shirt and I said this is the one thing I'm keeping for myself.
Now, I got yelled at for getting a Karaoke Revolution shirt for somebody else
because I had this total bitch yell at me saying,
you dug your claws into me to get that shirt out of there,
you'd start me with your nails.
I didn't even touch her.
I don't know what the hell she was smoking.
And then her boyfriend called me an asshole.
And I didn't appreciate that because I'm
trying to do something nice for someone else,
because I ended up giving that t-shirt to somebody else.
People suck.
I hate them.
The DS trailer for Twilight Princess
is going for $76 right now.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, if you've got a press kit from Nintendo,
they actually have a DS cartridge with a Zelda trailer
on it.
The Metal Gear Solid, um, ooh, what is this?
Um, we're still looking for this shirt. Someone put their stupid Tylenol Ouch shirt on.
Okay, you know those...
We're giving out free massages at the Tylenol Ouch booth.
Right.
I had a really cute, uh, cute mess over here.
You know those, those, um, glossy things that they were giving out for free at Konami's booth?
Uh, Metal Gear Solid 4, those are going for $10 a piece.
I got two of those.
I have two of those as well.
Maybe we should put one on eBay.
Or maybe we should put one in the bag. Yes, we're gonna give away a bag of swag
Which it could end up being be worth hundreds of dollars
By the time we don't want the promo. We love caught the Mario mouse pad five dollars
Wow, yes stylus for Mario Kart ten dollars
I will try to get a picture of the beat mania sure a little later. Basically all it is
I'll tell you what. I have mine still rolled up. I took a picture of it in the bag. Uh-huh, and I'll try to
to resize and put that picture up and post it in the chat room before we go.
Good. We're going to dinner and going to see episode 3. That's cool. So yeah, some
folks in the chat room want to see that BeatMania shirt. It's basically a black
shirt with the orange BeatMania logo. It's nothing like super special, but... It has a
little Konami one in the front over like where your heart would be. It's a freaking BeatMania shirt.
If I had one. It's a freaking BeatMania shirt. What more do you need? In the USA. It looks really cool. It was really cool. But now, as soon as we find a way, you know, a way to
to properly embarrass our listeners to get swag.
We are compiling a bag of swag for you guys, and we will
send that to whoever the lucky winner is.
You don't have to go on eBay like some people do, because
I'm laughing at whoever's bidding on some of this crap,
although I'm sort of getting ideas now to take
advantage of it.
And according to Julie, hardly any of it's being bid on.
Yeah, I think people are expecting more from eBay than
they're actually going to get.
You know, I went off earlier and people said in the chatroom I was actually sounding like you because I was just, I went off for a few minutes on Konami supporting their US audience and what they did at E3 really shows that they support their US audience by bringing in the Grooveloos and stuff.
I was going to ask, what was your opinion on the Grooveloos and what they were doing?
I thought that they were cool and one of them was on Roundhouse.
He wasn't actually dancing though, he was the MC guy.
Yeah. Well, I remembered him.
Yeah.
I remembered, you know, once it was mentioned to me, I was like, oh yeah, that is him, isn't it?
But no, I was really impressed with them. They were great.
You know, and it was just even, you know, and there were people, you know, you know, one of them won the giveaway.
Yeah.
And there were people complaining. I actually came back and heard about that later, about them complaining about them winning.
They don't work for Konami, they were employed by Konami simply for E3.
You know that they actually ended up, the powers that be at Konami, ended up vetoing that win and somebody else walked away with it.
Oh, that's really crappy.
Which, by the way, the most unenthusiastic winners ever, by the way.
Konami, not only did they bring in the Groovles, we forgot to completely mention this,
they actually gave away every day a 30-inch high-definition television set,
all of their revolution games, and
what else was it? It was a DVD? No, it was a sound system.
A Logitech, super nice surround sound system. Every day they gave one of these away.
Two of the most unenthusiastic winners I've ever seen in my life.
Oh, I found my pictures of the Cybersex game. But this is just another example about how Konami
supports their US audience because they gave away thousands of dollars in prizes
promote DDR. All right. There's a 360 faceplate that someone got and that's
going for $100 on eBay right now. Yeah I heard about that, the 360 faceplate.
Micro erasers are going for money too. I saw those. Anything else you want to
share with us Dark Sakura? Really, haha, I got to go to E3. No seriously, it was really
good. I got very worn out walking all over the place. Now I'm sunburned from Disneyland.
But in about two minutes, you guys should be able to check out the picture of the Beat
Mania shirt in my swag bag. Somebody posted somebody else at the show wearing one, but
go ahead and post your picture anyway. Give them a nice chance to. Mine's actually the
rolled up one also my free copy of the magic the gathering uh...
online uh... card game
okay
and the way that i'll be talking and uh... academy mouse
and actually i don't have i gave away my spare stylus and so he's got an
extra something
uh...
but we've got we've got some stuff that we can throw in the bag and uh...
i did by the way check the nintendo uh... press kit which i did get a copy of
There's actually autographed stickers in there by Miyamoto.
Oh, cool.
Were you able to look up, if you have a Nintendo press kit,
I don't know if you have any information on DDR Mario Mix.
I looked at the tape.
The tape's not there.
Oh, for Mario Mix?
No.
And though I have it right here, let me get to that page one more time.
It was really fast.
It got a large page.
Donkey Konga 2.
Hey, here we go.
Read you what it says.
I played Donkey Konga 2.
You know what song I played in Donkey Konga 2?
Headstrong, which is some rock song.
I was like, what the hell is this doing in Donkey Konga?
but it was cool, whatever.
Well, let me read the little blurb on here, okay?
Okay.
Mario must recover the stolen music keys
before the unstable power of music
destroys the entire Mushroom Kingdom.
Shake your thing to over 25 dance flavored songs
from classic Nintendo themes to familiar favorites
and recover the missing keys.
With five difficulty levels, dancers of all abilities
can get into the groove.
The special workout feature tracks
the calories burn while playing, strut your moves
and break a sweat to the beat.
No date.
Hmm, interesting.
Do you remember being told sometime this fall? Yeah, I'm I'm almost positive. We're gonna see October November
I got to meet him. Oh, did you I thought I ran into him actually I was he does actually walking away from konami
I'm not gonna be able to get the picture
He says because we actually need to go because we get to eat before going to that's fine
All right, um, but I did get to meet him and I got to you know, I actually we were about to collide
So I said, you know saying I'm gonna sigh and he's really surprised and said thank you and have a good time
Awesome. Well, good job. You know, um, did you get chance to meet Togo? No, I didn't
Oh, I I got a picture with Togo. He was cool
so
All right, have fun
Um, but, uh, I'm sorry I can't be at this show tonight. We only got back, I only got back later.
Hey, I have one more thing to add, Jamie.
Yeah.
Um, it was just announced today on, uh, PSP Hacker that someone's working on a PC Engine emulator for the PSP.
PC Engine emulator for the PSP.
Yeah.
I've gotta see this.
I thought you'd like that. Alright. We're gonna let you go, uh, Jamie, but have fun at the movie, okay?
Alright, have a good time.
Alright, we'll see you next time.
Bye bye, we'll see you next week, right?
We'll see you next week?
Yep, and reject Pausegones.
Alright, see ya! Bye.
Alright, that was DarkSakura, who's not here tonight, but she was able to bless us with her presents anyway.
One way or another.
Let's see, what we're going to do is we're going to take a break.
Karaoke Party we still have to talk about a little bit, because we haven't really...
Somebody in the chat room is asking about it right now, we never really did get to that.
So we'll talk about Karaoke Party. I want to talk about a new music game coming to your cell phone.
I hinted about this one earlier. It's a brand new music game coming to your cell phone.
I'll talk about that when we come back after a quick break.
So let's do that break.
And we'll start it off with In the Heat of the Night, which is going to be in DDR Extreme 2.
And we'll be back with more...
This is just going to be a potpourri break, I think.
And we'll be back with more Orange Lawns radio after this.
In the heat of the night
In the heat of the night
Why did our feelings die in action
When we fought satisfaction
But our hearts and heads always saved me
Why? There's a love of all it's magic
It's a cute kind of tragic
We were here for the best
In the heat of the night
We're too close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
Makes me cry inside
In the heat of the night, marching close to the fire
And the power of our hearts, made of me by desire
In the heat of the night
In the heat of the night
And the hate of the night
You
I want to save you all
Here, we can party
On those hills on me
I know you feel
Like a rainbow
Needing bigger than you I
Needing better than I
And I don't know who you really make you hide
We're living under power
Let me be your fantasy, it's me, ecstasy
Floyd's snake, Floyd's snake, can you hear what I'm saying?
Well this time they took a man that wants to backtrack.
I'm gonna kick your ass, beat him, kill him all.
Down, what am I gonna do?
Have you ever seen cool damn like this?
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We are back and we are going to open up the Skype line you guys, so you guys can call in and talk to us and ask us questions and give us your feedback on what you think about the various releases of E3 as well.
So we're going to get to that. If you want more details on how you can be a part of that, www.orangelaunchradio.com
Click on interact with us.
But first, I want to give you guys a few notes on some other little game releases that they had at E3 on some other games that are coming out.
Guitar Hero.
Guitar Hero, they weren't showing anything at Red Octane's booth to the public.
And, in fact, when I asked about it, or when Loki asked about it, we kind of got the run-around
just saying, oh, well, we'll have more information out soon to the press, I can't say anything
right now, da-da-da.
Well, it turns out they're actually showing the game behind closed doors, and one of our
staffers got back there anyway, na-na-na-na-na.
So we can tell you about Guitar Hero.
Loki, I'll let you talk about this one.
You're a big guitar fan.
Well, this game, it's very similar to Amplitude.
There's actually some wonderful screenshots online right now.
looks like amplitude. In the middle you've got all your stuff, it's kind of coming towards
you. I wouldn't say it's exactly like amplitude so much as it's amplitude and karaoke revolution
kind of combining with each other. Because you have to remember harmonics also helps
with making karaoke revolution so it's kind of obvious that, you know. It's sort of like,
it's more like amplitude only because the stuff's coming towards you. It's that sort
of perspective. However, it is like karaoke revolution because on the side there's like
a meter that's, you know, kind of a crowd meter, very similar to
Karaoke Revolution, and basically it's five keys.
However, depending on what difficulty you play, it's anywhere from three to five keys.
And I thought that was kind of cool. And now the songs that are going to be in it,
very similar to what Harmonics did before when they released Karaoke Revolution,
they were actually doing covers of classic songs. They get these guys to go
in the studio and re-record them.
Same deal for Guitar Hero, is what's going to happen. Same deal for Guitar Hero, except for the ones, obviously, that are, you know, that beaguitarhero.com. Right, beaguitarhero.com. If you have a friend who's in a band who might appreciate some exposure from being in this game, or you're one of these people, have them go check out the site, beaguitarhero.com. Now, considering how much you went off on Red Octane a little bit earlier, does this redeem them a little bit, you think? Well, I wasn't going off on Red Octane. I was going off on Rock Surf for the really crappy game. Red Octane, they're doing no bad.
bad, because they're trying to actually distribute a dance game, which I give them credit for
that, because at least they're trying to do something. I wish they'd picked a better game,
but hey, when there's nothing else out there other than DDR, what are you going to do?
But as far as them actually distributing this game, this is actually a very good move for
them, because there are no other Guitar Freaks type games, and I think this will actually
exceed Guitar Freaks, which isn't that hard, since Guitar Freaks really hasn't changed
much since like Fifth Mix, so. But hey, it's more of a challenge, and there is the same
stuff in there that you would expect from Guitar Freaks, and it looks like they've actually
kind of got some hold notes in place, and from what I hear, the controller, even though
it has five key, it actually allows you to slide your hand along the different buttons
to be able to hit them easier, so it's actually like playing a guitar, which is nice. So,
But I managed to squeeze a little more information out of the guy when we were there asking him questions, all of course very vague answers.
I asked him if there was going to be a drum hero type game and they're all, we're working on something.
And also, so maybe a drum game coming soon?
Possibly.
Possibly.
So, that's something, and definitely there's some pretty cool shots, like I said, online,
and we'll probably have some more on our website soon enough.
We're hoping we can get some more exclusive shots for our website very soon, we'll see.
And we're going to have those probably, and it looks very similar to Karrick Revolution,
just like, because you've got the CG guy on stage, the crowd, very similar, so it'll be interesting.
Very interesting. Another game out there, Tycho Drummaster, you remember this game,
this game. It was actually shown for the first time at last year's E3.
Taiko Drum Master, of course, was released before Christmas last year.
So it's had some limited success. It's been doing pretty good, I think.
Folks enjoy it. It's kind of a different sort of music game title.
Well now, Taiko Drum Master is available for your cell phone.
This is something that they were showing at E3. Namco actually has a lot of cell
phone games they're doing now,
and one of their series they're pushing is Arcade Classics.
The folks at NamcoCell were actually very nice to me and I've got to admit
you know and they didn't have to be nice me for me to say this but their cell
phone games
are pretty nice considering that they're cell phone games
I mean in the end they're still games on your cell phone
they're not gonna knock your socks off it's not going to be a Game Boy quality
game
but for a cell phone game they're pretty cool. And in other news
the N-Gage arena, empty. Yeah
the sad thing is these Namco things running on Java on a cell phone
is better than anything I've seen on an N-Gage.
And I honestly, I did walk through the N-Gage booth, I checked it out.
They're releasing a new version of the N-Gage, N-Gage 2 I guess.
I played Civilization on N-Gage and couldn't figure out what the heck I was doing.
It's just, it's interesting.
I know there are other competitors out there that are not exactly N-Gage and not exactly
a Sony product that are portable, that are probably doing better than they are, so.
But hey, whatever, you know, they refuse to die, so at least let them, you know, try, but, yeah.
Interesting.
Um, so Tyco Drum Master, how's this work?
It looks like you actually used four and six to hit the different drums on your cell phone.
You used four and six with five being a drum roll.
We actually have a video of this game.
Unfortunately, it doesn't have any sound, but we will post the video to our website a little later.
I'm going to do a little mini feature on this game.
I don't think this is something that's going to appeal to everybody,
But you know for those you guys that have wanted a music game to take with you on your cell phone something to do with
Your board taiko drum master has a dozen songs from the original release now granted. It's a cell phone
so it's not gonna be the same quality, but still you know, it's something and it has the animation still and everything and
Same types of rolls and combos and everything you remember for the original taiko drum master. This is available now
They're saying per their press release. It's available now. So check it out. See if your carrier has this
I imagine it's not available through all carriers, but I do know I'm a Sprint user myself and
we do have Namco releases on our cell phone, so I believe this should be there, so I'm
going to look for it.
I have AT&T, and I know they carry Namco stuff, however I'm not buying any of it because it's
way too damn expensive and they charge me like way too much money.
Aren't they only like five bucks for the game?
At least Sprint only charges like five bucks a game.
Yeah, they're five dollars for the game.
They don't charge you, they don't tell you that the download data was also included or not included with that.
Like for example, I downloaded a 300K picture that was on a website that I was looking for movie tickets on Fandango, thank you.
And the picture cost me $7. Thank you AT&T, I will never use your web feature again.
Someone in our chat room is saying that it's only on Verizon and available for a specific number of phones.
of phones. I didn't see anything in their release that indicated that, but I, the lady
at Namco was kind enough to give me her card, so I will write her and ask. Find out, because
maybe they're going to port it to others in the future, I don't know. I will write her
and find out. That's what I will do. Alright, let's see. What else do we have? What was
the other game I wanted to talk about? Karaoke Revolution Party. Did you look at this at
at all, Loki? I know you're a big Karaoke Revolution fan.
Oh yeah, don't you know me? I'm the huge karaoke fan. No, I stayed far, far, far, far away
from this game. Yes, far away. I did not touch this game. I did not look at this game. I
stayed far away like it was my kryptonite and I was Superman.
Well, what have you heard about Karaoke Revolution Party? Did you see the new sing and dance
mode where you can sing and dance at the same time?
Oh yeah, that'll be fun. Not only will I sound like an idiot,
I'll look like one too. Alright, well for those of you guys that actually enjoy
Karaoke Revolution, I
enjoy the game. You will now be able to sing and dance. Here's the crazy thing.
It's coming out on Xbox, PlayStation 2,
and GameCube. GameCube will be getting a Karaoke Revolution release for the first
time, so that was kind of a big news
right there. You will be able to get this on GameCube. A little bit unclear if the
Sing and Dance will be in the GameCube version, but they will get at least the
Sing part. I think they will get the Dance part as well, we'll see. Some of the
songs that were in it, the only ones I remember were Crazy in Love, Material
Girl was in it, because I actually did that one, Endless Love, Endless Love, Play
That Funky Music White Boy. The interface has changed, this is why they're not
calling it Karaoke Revolution 4, but they're actually calling it Karaoke
Revolution Party, because they actually went and did some remodeling to the interface.
There's now a create your own character mode in it as well, and of course the singing and
dancing.
So you can actually sing on easy and dance on hard.
About the hardest it gets is a seven-footer, but trust me, you guys, it is a lot harder
than it sounds.
Those of you guys that think you will be able to just do a seven-footer and sing at the
same time, it is not as easy as you would think.
It's going to be hard.
Unless you really know the song, like, I know my material girl, okay?
So I was able to easily do the sing and dance mode because I
already know the lyrics and the melody and everything.
I didn't really need the bars.
Because the way the dance mode works, it doesn't look like
normal DDR.
If you've ever played Karaoke Revolution, the bars scroll
horizontally across the bottom of the screen, and then it
guides your pitch.
Well, the arrows show up, and they scroll horizontally at
the bottom of the screen as well.
So it's a little different.
All right.
So, let's go ahead and open up the Skype line.
Okay.
Oh, maybe not just yet.
I just had a few other things I wanted to cover.
It's not E3 related, but it is DDR related.
Dancing Stage Unleashed 2.
It was released recently, actually last week.
Basically, for those who don't know, that is the UK version of UltraMix 2.
And pretty much it's the same stuff that we had in UltraMix II, of course new licensed stuff, with stuff featuring like I See You Baby, which I have no idea what that is, Hot Stuff, Hip Teens Don't Wear Blue Jeans.
Is that that I See You Baby, Shakin' That Ass, isn't that song? I bet it's that song.
is that song, A Talent Called Malice, Circles, Get It On, and Hanging on the Telephone, which
is very interesting enough.
We actually do have, well, DDRUK being the ones that are on top of the ripping of different
like stuff for the Sims scene.
So all the official stuff, we're already out for that, even though it was released like
the other week.
So, we'll have some of that stuff to play for you guys pretty soon.
And I See You Baby is the one you think it is, and it's a Fat Boy Slim radio edit.
That's going to be pretty interesting.
But yeah, we'll have some of those songs available for you pretty soon, actually.
Sounds good.
Maybe even a show.
Also, I want to put out there that song pack 11, I don't know if it's out, but at least
it's been announced that it's coming out.
I have not been able to get on Xbox Live in a couple weeks, so I have not seen myself.
I'm sure somebody in the chat room will correct me, however, one way or the other.
Yeah, it's going to be actually featuring, what was it, Diamond Jealousy by Kiryamoga,
that's hot, Guilty by DJ Setup, Helpless by Teko, Hold On Me by Tiger Yamamoto, which
was also in DDR Extreme, and Open the PA by Akira Ishihara.
And that's the one we had no idea what game that's from.
It's a transplant of some sort, but we don't know from where it's from.
I have no idea.
I don't recognize it.
It's not from Dance Maniacs.
It's not from Para.
It's probably Beat Mania or Beat Mania 2, yeah.
Maybe somebody in the chat room will know where that is, but yeah.
All right.
Now, can we open up the Skype line?
Yes.
All right.
Let's do that.
Let's take some calls.
If you want to call in on the Skype line, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
on interact with us and you can call us and talk to us and interact with us and
ask us questions if you have anything you want to know about e3 or you have
any comments on a lot of the various news that comes out lately because
there's been a lot of freaking news lately go ahead and let us know what's
going on let's take a call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this this is
RPG King 7 up in Canada hello RPGs got in hello yeah I'm super well you you've
been hammering us all night, so I'm not surprised you got in. No, that's all right. What's on
your mind, bud?
Well, I wish I had gotten down to E3. I'm really jealous of you guys that you got up,
got to go there, but you live on the west coast. I'm out here on the east coast.
Well, here it is. If you want to know what E3 is like, you're up in Canada, right?
Yeah.
Start walking to L.A., and when you get to L.A., you'll know what it feels like to be
at E3.
Because you do nothing but walk around all day and occasionally stopping to play a video
game.
Okay, well, first thing I wanted to ask about is Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow for the DS.
Yes.
Well, what did you find out there or did you find anything out?
They had a demo running and I think it was actually, I think the game's pretty much complete.
I think it's going to be released almost imminently.
I did check it out.
It's pretty neat because what you get to do is it looks like Symphony of the Night.
It looks amazing.
Sound, I couldn't tell you because you can't hear a damn thing inside E3.
But it looks very similar to Symphony of the Night.
Basically you play on the bottom part of the screen and the top part of the screen is typically
what would have been your sub-screen in Symphony of the Night.
You can flip it back and forth though between that and your map.
So that's kind of cool because I think that's sort of the type of game that DS was really
made for.
what you do is as you move through the game, when you get to certain points, you discover
these magic seals, and the magic seals are what you're supposed to do to defeat the boss.
So like the first one was very easy. The first magic seal in the demo I played was just a
little V shape. You just draw a V, okay? So it teaches you how to draw the seal, and then
what happens is when you go and fight the boss, when you beat the boss, the seal flies
up on the screen and you have to draw the seal like you learned it. And if you don't
If you don't do it, you don't beat the boss, and I think you have to do it all over.
That actually sounds pretty cool, yeah. Nice use of the stylus.
Yeah, and I think it's using the stylus without being kind of cheesy about it, like a lot of DS games to date have been.
I think this will satisfy a lot of folks that have been wanting some new Castlevania that looks more like Symphony of the Night.
This falls right along with the Castlevania Advance games. I think this will be a great addition to the series.
And it continues the storyline of Aria of Sorrow as well, so.
Yeah, which is really cool, because Aria of Sorrow is one of my favorite ones.
Ah, and something the chat room is saying is actually due out at the end of October.
I would have guessed that it would have been out a lot sooner,
because the game looked almost complete from what we saw,
but I guess it wasn't, but it looked pretty well done,
so maybe they're just waiting on it, I don't know.
Yeah, I was excited to hear that 1998 and Into the Heat and the Night
are going to be on Xtreme 2, because those are, hands down,
Two of my favorite songs on the Arcade Mixes, Extreme and Fifth Mix.
I'm really excited to hear those are going to be on it.
Yeah, you could hear the giant hooray.
Well, it was kind of a mixed reaction.
It was a hooray and dope kind of coming from the crowd
when you saw that In the Heat of the Night was on Extreme 2.
You know, because the people that like Erotic,
yay, you know, finally we get Erotic.
And then the other people that hate Erotic are like, nah.
But I, for one, am happy about it, so.
Okay, I also want to ask you about Phantasy Star Universe.
I'm sure you've covered a lot of this on the podcast.
I've only gotten to listen to the Wednesday podcast.
A little bit.
We talked about it a little bit.
I played one of them.
I think it was Fantasy Star Universe I played.
I heard they were showing another one in the Sega Theater.
I don't know.
But I did play Fantasy Star Universe a little bit.
It's very different from the online,
like the way it moves is very different, a lot more action
packed, I think, than the previous Fantasy Star Online,
at least the one I played.
I actually did a fight with a dragon, and I was playing with three other computer-controlled
players, and I really couldn't get a sense of whether this one was supposed to be online
or what the deal is, but the party I had was computer-controlled, and we were all just
beating up on this thing, and it was pretty challenging.
A lot more action-packed than I think the Phantasy Star Online was.
Just kind of different.
Don't go into it expecting Phantasy Star Online 2.
They've changed some things in it a little bit.
But I liked it.
It was just kind of fast-paced, and I liked that.
I think there need to be more fast-paced online games.
Oh, cool.
Because one thing I've always didn't like about Phantasy Star Online is it's a little
slow.
At least in my opinion, it's kind of slow.
I think you'll be satisfied with Phantasy Star Universe then.
They've really kind of upped the pace a little bit.
I also wanted to go with Kingdom Hearts 2.
Looks amazing.
following all the games on GameStop and GameTrailers.com, both of them have gotten really good E3 coverage
over the few days.
Right, yeah. Kingdom Hearts 2 I checked out as well. Did you play Kingdom Hearts 2 at
all, Logie?
No.
No, he's saying no. Kingdom Hearts 2 I actually played, they had two, actually four levels
playable in the E3 demo. Two boss battles and two levels, and both were either the Mulan
levels or the Hercules levels that you could play. The one I chose to play was the Hercules
and you actually have Auron in your party when you're playing.
It has this new mode called drive mode,
where I guess you're building up this meter as you're playing.
I couldn't really see how it was working,
but I had not one, but two Squenix reps come up to me and point this mode out.
Like, you have to try this.
And I guess what you do in drive is it's kind of similar to,
think, the overdrive from Final Fantasy VII,
where for a brief period of time you can be uber powerful.
Well, what you do is you actually fuse with one of the other characters in your party when you drive.
So, I actually fused with Auron and I just became this total badass.
I had like two, I had the Keyblade and another blade and I was just going around wailing
on everybody, just beating up all these things.
So, the drive mode is a pretty cool addition as well as now I notice you use the triangle
button that pops up, like you usually use it to open chests and stuff.
You use it for more things in this, so kind of interesting.
So, and the camera didn't bug the hell out of me like it did in Kingdom Hearts 1.
So I'm actually pretty excited about Kingdom Hearts 2.
So it looks good.
Zelda Twilight Princess.
We have to get it now.
I don't care.
We gotta have it now.
You know, the interesting thing about Zelda Twilight Princess, and as I'm sure you've
probably heard online one way or another, three hour wait at the show if you wanted
to see this game.
You had to wait in a three hour line, and only the first two days they had t-shirts.
They actually ran out halfway through the third day.
From what I hear, the game looks phenomenal.
I did not want to wait in the line.
All I know is that it is Link that turns into the wolf because we saw an extra clip of that,
and what can I say?
It's everything you Zelda fanboys and girls are wanting it to be, and I include myself
in that.
I'm looking forward to the game myself.
It's the game they should have released three years ago if they wanted the GameCube to be
super successful, but hey, better late than never, right?
Right.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go so we can get some other calls in, all right?
Okay, all right.
No problem. Thanks for calling. Have a good one. Thanks
All right, so some e3 questions there some various things. I'm actually surprised
I actually played all the games he called in to ask about because I didn't play that many games
There was a whole lot there. I didn't see if you guys have any questions. You can give us a call on the skype line
www.orangeloungeradio.com
Click on interact with us and you can actually call in you have to download this program called Skype
But it allows you to call us for free. We like free things free. All right, let's go to another call
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, Sky.
Siggy here.
Hello, Siggy.
What's on your mind?
Well, I'm about to beat Mania USA.
I knew you'd have something to say about this.
Yeah.
Big credits to Jason Enos for that.
Absolutely.
You know, I actually had a chance to talk with Jason Enos.
We didn't get an interview with him this year.
I talked to him off the record about some things.
I don't want to talk about everything
we talked about on air.
But one thing I mentioned was that, you know what?
Way to go.
I'm so happy that B Manian is here.
and you're going to make a lot of people very happy with this.
And his response to me was something like, yeah, well,
you know, I've been trying for six years,
and it's finally here.
So I'm happy, too.
So absolutely, send Jason Enos some flowers
if you kids are happy about this, because this is great.
Yeah.
And when I saw the song list for Five Piece,
oh, old school beat mania.
Is that not a cool feature for us in the US to have?
Is that not cool?
Oh, hell yes.
I mean, what a way to acknowledge the American audience and the fact that, okay, yeah, you
missed some things in Japan, but we're going to give this to you and it will allow you
to catch up and maybe, you know, hey, you know, might make some of the Japanese players
a little jealous.
Hey, we get to play five key songs in a 2DX interface.
That's kind of cool.
Little bit.
It's a little bit.
Yeah, I recently saw a picture on GDR Freak. Someone posted the greetings for some Light 7 song, and like 167,000 points for a AAA. That's kind of ridiculous.
You know, I, again, I wouldn't, I heard of that too and I saw that picture as well, and I AAA'd a song as well.
I wouldn't take those ranking things as gospel just yet. It is an early build. The thing was stuck in beginner mode, really, even though it didn't look like it.
Yeah, I don't know how much they're going to futz with the grading system.
It's too early to tell.
I kind of would think they wouldn't touch it at all, and maybe just the fact that they
were doing what they did by putting the beginner songs in there was what caused those mathematical
things to come up with triple A's and what have you.
But we'll see.
I don't really know.
It's too early to tell with the grades, but I wouldn't assume that they're going to dumb
it down just yet yeah so we'll see let me you know let me correct you some of
the pronunciation yes just only one song pronunciation it's a la bossa nova de
Fabian yes yeah thank you you know I'm horrible pronunciation la bossa nova de
Fabian I need to get my French there you go all right in a shining Polaris you
know Polaris and a polarity are the same I don't say Polaris I don't know why I
I think a polarium or something, I don't know.
It has something to do with polarity.
It's a potato-potato thing, though, I think.
Yeah.
Anything else you want to share? Other E3 things? Observations?
Well, just only Beatmania. I'm just happy with that.
I know. A lot of us people that have been 2DX fans for a long time,
and I've just been a casual 2DX fan,
a lot of you guys are being very hardcore,
a lot more hardcore than I am.
I think this is great that you guys are finally getting this.
getting this you know all of us are are getting this
what i haven't really been checking a whole lot of web forums and stuff what
is the reaction to this been has it been overwhelmingly positive like about time
or are the skeptics already ready to
set fire to this next
what do you think that you know i haven't been reading you know on both of
your pick and money style there have been you know like mixed reactions
but mostly leaning towards a positive side
That, you know, it's surprisingly enough, and I hate saying this, but it really, that does kind of surprise me because I figured most of the fanboys would be ready to tear into this, but I think by Konami keeping this a secret as long as they did, what they were able to do with this is that they were actually able to kind of set the standard the way they wanted to by unveiling this at E3 and showing us all these cool new features.
think if they had announced this a month ago and said we are going to show this at E3,
and I think this is the reason why this didn't happen, people would have made up what they
wanted to be in the game, and they would have been disappointed when they didn't get that.
So I think by Konami unveiling it, you know, by keeping it a secret and then unveiling
it at the very end and showing this is what you are going to get, look at all these amazing
things, it kind of curved that a little bit, and I think it kind of helped the reaction
overall.
So I can't blame Konami at all for trying to keep this a secret, and they did.
This obviously has been worked on for quite some time, and actually, something we were
actually clued in on, but we wanted to keep it a secret, but I can talk about it now.
I gave you guys a hint last week about it, though, but actually, Konami registered the
patent for Beatmania some time ago in the U.S.
Oh, I read that.
I read that.
Yeah, yeah.
So, somebody had asked me to talk about it on this show, but kind of knowing that Konami,
if they were going to put out this game, would want to keep it a secret, I decided, you know,
we should, or we all decided really, that we should just kind of wait and see what happens
with it, because otherwise people will just start making stuff up. So, um, it's a good
thing. Well, anything else you want to share? Well, nothing much else. I just want to share
something, one of our comments in the chatroom, MPQ says, no matter how much it sucks, buy
Just so Konami knows, people will buy Beatmania here.
Oh yeah, about the controller, you know, the US release of the controller,
were you the one who mentioned like some improvements that would happen?
Rumors abound that there will be improvements to help curb the sticky key thing that goes on,
but nothing is set in stone yet.
But we do know they will release their own controllers here stateside.
The ones they showed at E3 were simply 2DX controllers from Japan, which, you know, makes sense.
The DDR with Mario and Matt was the same thing they have in Japan too, so...
I think we will see some improvements made to the controller, because they're gonna have to redo the controller anyway
to get the 2DX logo off the turntable, so why not fix the sticky key thing while you're at it?
I would say that we're gonna see some improvements.
It would be nice if they put micro switches on it, like cheap micro switches, not exactly from the arcade type of micro switches, to prevent the sticking.
That's an interesting thought, completely changed the way that the buttons kind of, the sensor system basically.
So, that would be interesting, I'd be interested to see that.
Yeah, and if they do put micro switches, I would buy it, I would buy it definitely.
All right, yeah, I think what's interesting is that a lot of it, you know, and I need
a new 2DX controller very badly for my import copies, but now that I've heard that Beat
Mania is coming out in the USA, I'm just kind of going to wait for the U.S. controllers
to come out, because there's no sense of paying $100 to import a controller now when they're
going to release them here, probably $40, $50, much, I don't know, don't take my word
on that.
I mean, who knows how much these things are going to cost, but it will be cheaper than
importing it, that's for sure.
Yeah, and speaking of BeatMe and setting that aside, about PlayStation 3, I read from either IGN or GameSpot that they have six USB ports, which is, you know, like, are they really replacing the old controller port for that?
I didn't read up on PS3. What do you know about PS3?
It had a lot of USB ports. I know just for the pictures of it, it's got a buttload of...
Well, it's also got a bunch of weird things to it.
For one, it's got two HDTV outs on it, so you can actually have two HDTV setups.
One for the actual game plan, one for, like, almost like a dual screen...
Like a DS, basically.
Like a DS, yeah.
It's gonna have, I saw three Ethernet ports on there, now I don't know what the hell that's
about either, but it's just a lot of weird stuff on there, and I'm actually pulling up
the picture right now for my reference, but I remember also, I don't know, it just looked
interesting, and I know that it's gonna be Wi-Fi as well, but I don't see why you need
so many damn USB ports, but then again, I don't know why you need so many damn USB ports
on a computer.
going to be that we do know that every next-gen system is going to be wireless and their controllers
and stuff, so I kind of assume that the USB ports are for four for controllers and two
for whatever USB stuff you want to put in.
Well, here's a good shot of the back here right now, and I see, I count them, three
Ethernet ports, two USB ports, the AV out, which is like, you know, your standard AV
out, the digital audio out, the two HDTV outs, that's only on the back, then you've got,
And I honestly don't know why there's three ethernet ports, that makes no sense to me,
but whatever.
And then as far as front ports go, I remember there's at least a couple USB ports that are
underneath this like little cover thing on the front.
I'm trying to see if I can get a picture here, but anyways, yeah, so there's like a ton of
stuff on there.
I don't know why, but I'm sure they've got a reason for it.
I think, okay, you have to remember with the next-gen systems too what everybody is doing,
not just Microsoft.
Microsoft's kind of been saying they're going to do this.
They're going to expand and not just be about gaming, right?
Microsoft wants to be an entertainment center where you can download music and do things
like that.
So I think you're going to see us on a lot of the next-gen systems that there's more
things to plug in there for your media setup at home than just your controllers.
And I think that's kind of what this is all about on PS3.
Yeah, and then I saw, you know, and then I read they're going to replace memory cards
with the memory stick duos for, you know, like a...
I don't think they would do that.
probably use speed drives of anything.
Oh, who knows?
We'll see.
All right, Siggy, we're going to let you go so we can just
get to some other stuff on the show.
Yeah.
But have a good one, buddy, OK?
All right, later.
Later.
I do know what some of those USB ports are going to be used for.
Interfacing with your PSP.
Yeah, well, that and wireless is going to be what's
going to be poor, too.
You can bet on that.
Can you guys imagine a member of the pocket station?
Yeah, but I've met most of you that don't remember that.
But that's what they're going to do, and we'll see.
All right, what we're going to do now is we're
actually not tonight going to have a cage match. We actually kind of ran out of time
and also, even though DarkSakara was able to send me her file, we're just running out
of time. We don't have time to do it. We figured you guys would want to know the E3 coverage
more than that. So, we'll table the cage match to next week, but we can't possibly get through
a show without doing some FUs of the week. So, let's get into the FUs of the week if
we can here. Loki, I did get some from Jamie, so I'll go ahead and start off with hers,
FUs of the Week here. So, here we go. If you guys want to send in your FUs of the Week,
send a private message to Skye in the chat room. And after the FUs of the Week, we'll
go back to the Skype line and do some Ask Orange Lounge, actually, as well. So, here
we go, the FUs of the Week. Why is it, Loki, that we do the FUs of the Week? Because we
Well, we have to.
Alright.
Dark Sakura would like to say an F.U. to drama and sunburns and the fast pass being turned
off for Roger Rabbit.
Alright.
Loki, your F.U.s of the week.
My first F.U. goes to Audioslave for having this giant concert in the middle of Hollywood
and Highlands, and that really sucked.
And also, fuck you to E3, or mainly just the convention hall, for stopping accepting credit
cards after a certain time.
And it's like during the middle of lunch rush, they're just like, yeah, we just don't want
We're gonna do credit cards, we're gonna do cash only. Of course you don't realize that until after you've gotten your food so you're fucked if you don't have, uh, cash. Luckily I've, you know, had cash so that was no problem.
Um, and basically also fuck you to Motel 6 for their crappy beds cause they're just uncomfortable as hell. And, um, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Fuck you to Rockstar for not actually showing any of their games and wasting a big space in E3.
And also to Nintendo for not having a revolution there because I wanted to see that.
That's it. My turn.
F you to that bitch at Konami's booth, not working there, somebody who is an observer,
that said I tried to dig my nails into her over a t-shirt and she whined and complained
like a little baby and got her boyfriend mad at me.
I was so stunned that somebody would be so trite that I didn't even know what to say
back.
But if I could say anything back, I would say something along these lines.
Your girlfriend is lying to you about me digging my nails into her, she is making it up.
She's probably lying to you about being monogamous with you as well.
So screw you lady and stupid boyfriend, how dare you call me an asshole.
I wish my posse was there to beat you up.
Also I'd like to give an F you to $8 hamburgers at E3 that aren't even that good.
having to wait in line for 45 minutes I'm not even kidding 45 minutes to get a
freaking hamburger it's horrible so an F you to the fact that the next two days
I had to eat lunch at 1030 if I wanted to avoid lines horrible and even then we
had to wait like what 15 minutes for a pizza that one day because I kept
dropping them yeah the second day we got pizza dumb bitch there didn't even
understand how to cook pizza which was quite funny because I love just watching
MPQ says F you to my wireless mouse the receiver broke now I have this mouse
that works perfectly except for the fact that it can't be plugged into the
computer also an F you to shaza on the money style you're being a retard you're
pissing everyone off stop being stupid or go away I avoid web form drama very
much so I don't know what to tell you on that one um let's see next step you comes
from Ronchan. F you to my job for cutting my hours again. Screw you guys, I'm going
to an amazement this weekend. Miklatov says F you to moving, the end. And illusion says
F you to the never ending star testing that was stretched over this entire month. It's
still not done. F you to in the groove being pushed back, though they say it doesn't have
to do with the lawsuit and by they I mean VX Jason XB.
Illusion if you've been listening earlier in the show, I talked to a Red Octane rep
and they said it doesn't have anything to do with the lawsuit.
FU to no cage match, oh screw you.
There is so time left, there's an hour left in the show.
I don't know what clock you're looking at but I see there's 15 minutes left.
And god we're not in that time zone.
Crouton 6 says FU to Loki for hating in the groove.
Oh yeah, well fuck in the groove for sucking.
Darkknight says, F you to early morning meetings at work and poor road trip planning.
Having to schedule some time off for a racing event that was actually moved to next weekend.
And having to work Saturday, missing the cookout of cookouts. Damn you to hell, Job!
Rychan says, F you to cheap power supplies that die on Friday the 13th. Ooh, that's a sign.
Yeah, the power supply sucked. I guess so. Alright, that's it. That's all the FUs we got.
So, there you have it. Oh, one more. One late one that just came in. Lemon Line Jump.
FU to myself for making myself sick. I ruined my own Monday.
How do you ruin your own Monday? Alright.
I guess what we're going to do
is do a quick break, then we'll come back and do some Ask Orange Lounge
because I'm sure you guys have some questions after E3. And to make Loki
very happy with me, I think what we'll actually do in this break is play some music from
In the Groove.
Whatever, I don't care. So we'll be back after this quick break, just a couple
songs here, and then we're going to do some
Ask Orange Lounge. So send your questions over to Skye in the chat room, and we'll be back
after this.
There will be like a fire in the sky for me
Finding your way to my home, my body
Free like a bird in the sky
Come play with me
We made the last step, we're ready to go We made the last step, we're ready to go
Please remember not to suffer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
Please remember not summer after forty minutes that's the end of ever
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
Hello, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio Live, wrapping things up here with a little
bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
In that break, you heard some In the Groove music, Nina with Fly With Me and Mind Reflection
with Remember December was that last one. That's a fan favorite, believe it or not.
I do not care for that song at all, but the fans asked me to play it, so I do. So there
you have it. I do like the Fly With Me song, though. I do like that one. I just don't like
Remember December, personally. Let's get into Ask Orange Lounge, where you guys, the listeners,
get to control the show by sending us questions, and we answer them. It's just that simple.
it's really it's really an easy concept honestly
let's ask orange lounge some stupid question
what will we find out this week on orange lounge radio
I hope they have some questions to ask us about E3
and not so much random stuff this week because that gets annoying
I like how you add the extra syllable and orange
Or Eng... Or Enza!
Look, that's the best thing I gotta do by improvising here.
Hey, at least you had better grammar than that one distribution company.
Crouton6 wants to know, is there any known way to hook up my $400 2DX arcade style controller to a freaking PS3?
Um, if PS3 is backwards compatible, which I believe they have said it will be PS2 and PS1 backwards compatible,
you can bet that there will be some type of converter that will turn one of the USB ports into a regular controller port.
Guaranteed. There's gotta be something. I mean, otherwise you can't be backwards compatible, so...
Well, yes you can, because you can still play the old games with the, um, DualShock sort of controllers.
But here's the thing, though, what you can do that I know they have this, too, is some sort of Wi-Fi thing that you plug into,
um, your normal controllers and it's just like, you know, basically...
There'll be a way.
Yeah, there'll be a way. There's gotta be something. That's why you need to save your old
PS2 and don't sell it.
Uh, Illusion wants to know, were we supposed to set our watches an hour
forward daylight savings time?
About three weeks ago that happened, didn't it?
Spring forward, fall back, right? Yeah, we did that a while ago. What the hell, dude?
Alright, he says, I wasn't here for the first hour or two hours. I don't know. I'm lost in time.
I really don't know when I came in. Anyway, can you guys give me a quick summary on what happened?
Okay, for those of you who joined late,
we talked about E3 and what we did. Well, actually, no, we can't tell you, but what you
can do is you can check into the reruns that we play on DDR Freak Radio.
There you go! Friday! There you go! There you go! Nice plug there. You can listen to
the rewind on DDR Freak Radio Friday nights. Um, just to sum
We talked BeatMania, USA, and the DDRs. We played a song that's going to be in DDR Extreme 2.
And we gave away a million dollars and you didn't win.
And we played the bootleg copy of the new MIDI head mix from UltraMix 3.
And what was that song from Extreme 2, Plovotlian Dance and Chorus, something like that?
I'm not even going to try to pronounce it.
We played it.
Darkknight says, Sky, was the G4 bit with you guys for G4tv.com show or another show?
Where you're going to see it, from what I understand, if they even use it, which I don't know,
It's G4TV.com, the show, and it's like when they're coming back from commercial, they'll probably show the booth and we're clapping.
And I'm wearing a bright ass green shirt and a t-shirt, so you can't miss me.
And then Loki's standing right next to me, and I don't remember what you were wearing that day.
I don't remember either.
And Mikotov was standing with us as well, so you could see him too.
I don't remember, no, I think the last day I wore, it was like a, just a normal shirt.
But yeah, I had a bag. An Xbox 360 bag.
I think I had one too. Um, let's see.
MPQ, should I bother going to episode 3? Do you think it's worth the trouble?
I haven't seen episode 3. I'm not, like, huge on Star Wars.
I will see the movie, but I'm gonna wait until the frenzy dies down.
Yes, it's worth the trouble from what I hear.
It's what the fans have been looking for. I mean, and also, in other news,
War of the Worlds is supposed to be what people were expecting for Independence Day and signs.
In other words, it's not going to disappoint you.
New trailer online, by the way.
Oh, really? It looks spiffy. We'll have to look into that.
Alright, let's see.
VidPowah, on a scale of 1 sucktastic to 10 fantastic, rate your overall E3 experience.
I give mine a seven.
Honestly, I give mine about a six.
I had a good time overall, but I think I was a little more into it last year than I was.
It was just too crowded this year, and I was just too tired.
I had too much other stuff going on, other drama, too, that I don't need to talk about on a radio show.
It's too much media-only stuff.
Honestly, if they want just media only coming in there, don't invite everyone else. Just invite the media.
But invite us, still, please.
Well, we're media now. Yeah, we're gonna be media next year, we hope.
Ranchan says, okay, Sky, or Ronchan maybe, sorry.
Ronchan says, okay, Sky, please explain the ferret, because I'm lost.
And, so we'll do that.
Uh, the ferret is basically these little toys that we bought a long time ago.
No, one of them was given to me as a Christmas present, like, years ago.
Years ago, before we were even...
We've been doing Orange Lounge Radio for, like, three years.
And one of these... Okay, stop it.
One of those was given to me like three years ago and Jamie found it one show
like it was sitting on my dresser or something and she started playing with it
and she was giggling and thought it was the cutest thing ever
and she hasn't stopped since.
It was like two years ago.
And then one day, just to be funny, I bought about six of them.
Oh, I hate you.
And I repaired them because they had dead batteries
so I had to cut them open and repair them
and then one of them got stuck on the Katamari.
Where did you find?
Those they were what people want to buy them. You're not going to find them anywhere. They're called
Scoosies is what they're called. It's like s see
Use easy or ie or z ie you can find them on eBay. They're kind of expensive
But that those are where I found them. I found them at discount toy stores
basically
the discount
Outlet store for KB and I bought what it was left and there was hardly anything left and they were dead
I like I like Dark Knight summary there. She uses the ferret to annoy sky to death. Yep. You got it
Yep, you can find them on eBay
Okay, Ron Chan also wants to know Loki your favorite Nintendo character my favorite Nintendo character
I
Don't know
We'll just say Zelda I get our link link thinks kind of cool
I don't have a really favorite Nintendo character. Let's let you want to include
include Super Joe from Bionic Commando, because technically he was on Nintendo.
My favorite would be, without a doubt, the Eggplant Wizard, but not from the cartoon.
Not the cartoon Eggplant. That guy was disgusting. The Eggplant Wizard, as portrayed in the original
8-bit Icarus, was awesome. If not the Eggplant, and that's why they need to make a new kid
Icarus, please, please Nintendo, pretty, pretty please with sugar on top. I don't care. Put
on the DS. I don't care. Just make me a new one. King Hippo, a close second. King Hippo
was a badass. Doobs is asking, what happened with Kingdom Hearts 2? I think it's too late
for a question. No, you're not too late for a question, but I did talk about Kingdom Hearts
2 with a previous caller, so I hope you were listening. Again, Kingdom Hearts 2, it's like
Kingdom Hearts 1, but with a better camera and orans in it, which is very cool.
And it looks like the graphics are upgraded, too.
And overdrive mode, or drive mode.
It's really amazing, actually, what they've done with that engine.
Like, thousands of characters on the screen at one time.
You know, it's pretty nice.
So yeah, pretty awesome game. Definitely get it when it comes in.
All right.
And that's it. That's all the questions we got tonight for Ask Orange Lounge.
So, doo doo doo doo doo doo. I guess that's it.
Oh, Doobs is confessing he wasn't there. He was gone.
Oh, that was the best part, too. You just reminded me. Remember when they were having
all the technical issues with more friends and the one guitarist from the Black Manges
all doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo on the guitar? That was awesome.
That was pretty awesome. One other thing I want to mention, this is a question that came
up way earlier in the show, I want to say it was Dork or somebody in our chat room said
this, wants to know why on GameSpot when he's looking at all the BeatMania pictures he sees
these random pictures that have nothing to do with BeatMania. Well let me put it
this way, this is what happens. A lot of these websites out there, GameSpot, IGN,
all those big guys, they're lazy and what they do, all they do is they just upload
everything from the press kit onto their site as screenshots, okay? Now we all do
it, all of us in the media do it, because the media kit screenshots are all we've
got to go off of. But what Konami did with their press kit, which is very
interesting, is they actually included all these concept art pieces or
fragments of the animations you see in the video. Which I will be using for my own
reference. Here's the thing, they are in Photoshop format, super high quality. If
you want to build a website, get your hands one way or another on a Konami
press kit because they've got these great Beatmania concepts, just the
industrial things, the spinning things you see, all that stuff. It would also be
awesome to do with that, to make your own Beatmania skin for Stepmania. I'm not
doing it. I ain't putting that effort in.
So that's why you see it in there, because they didn't realize that those were not game
screenshots, but it's just concept art and pieces. It's for you to use, like if you want
to make like a BeatMania themed webpage, seriously, that's exactly what it's for. At least my
impression. So that's kind of cool.
You know, I'm really sad that none of the trailer videos on there, that they were running
that little reel, because I wanted that, because the music in it was awesome, and I wanted
to steal the music.
This is going to be the last question from our chat room here.
Multiple people are asking me this, so all you guys want to know.
Did they ever show Jam with the Band for the Nintendo DS?
I didn't see it anywhere.
Nope.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see it either.
I guess they didn't show it.
Unless I somehow completely missed it, which is possible.
We did play a music game on Gizmondo.
Yeah, what was that Gizmondo music game you played real quick?
I don't remember.
It was some guitar game.
It was kind of weird.
It's like a guitar game, sort of like, I don't even know how to compare it,
but it's very, it's like a rhythm music game with action game mixed in it.
It was kind of weird.
Dark Sakura actually played it a little more.
Maybe she could fill you in on it next week.
Don't forget to ask.
Last, last one real quick.
Doobs wants to know, if you didn't talk about this already,
what happened with the Katamari?
We don't know.
We imagine they rolled it out the door.
It's probably sitting in Namco's big office somewhere.
They probably think it's funny.
But our media sampler's on there.
Our media sampler's on there, and then a few inches away, the ferret.
Yeah, so kind of funny.
Which we'll have pictures of that online soon, hopefully.
It'll be interesting.
I'd be curious to know what they are going to do with that katamari.
Oh, I did check out my camera and the pictures that it took, and they all suck.
So not much in, pretty much everything that we have that I took a picture of, we have a
better copy in the press kit.
Jamie said something. Jamie said something that she took something like 600 pictures.
It's insane. Oh Lord. I took like 70 or 80 at most. She took like 600.
I took 117. I deleted most of them. Oh! You know what else I want to say?
Hello to our French listeners, if any folks from France. You know that I actually sent some of my pictures a couple days ago to that.
Remember I had like a misrouted email from some French Nintendo site and now I've been talking to the guy?
They actually put them up on their site. I think it's like P-Nintendo.com or something, and it stands for something in French.
I don't know. I don't speak French.
But they actually put the pictures I sent up, the Nintendo-specific ones.
So we've actually been getting a lot of hits today because of that.
So hello to any of our new listeners who might be French, coming from the French Nintendo site.
And I don't speak it, so I'm not going to even try to pronounce the name of the site.
But we appreciate the shout-out nonetheless.
The last French I learned was back in sixth grade, and I can't remember.
The only thing I know how to say is, uh, what are you doing this weekend, and I'm sure that's
useful in some instance, but, uh...
Alright.
Um...
That's it.
We gotta wrap up the show, you guys.
Uh, some folks in the chatroom are asking about the sex game, they wanna hear your story
with the sex game.
I'm gonna have to tell you guys, go to the podcast, cause it's all in the podcast, uh,
Thursday and Friday's edition.
You can talk about it.
Uh, their website, unfortunately, does not have anything about the game, or at least
it's all in Korean and I couldn't figure it out, so, no.
I will purchase the game because I actually told Nellie about it and she wanted to play
it.
Even after I told her about the Purrfuls.
So I don't know if that's going to be interesting.
Alright, we are out of here you guys.
Final thought, Loki.
I drank too much water.
And my final thought is, I'm hungry and I feel like a, I feel like one of those McDonald's
fruit and walnut salads for some weird ass reason.
Ice cream would be really good too though.
I gotta eat yogurt.
I got this thing of yogurt and it's getting old.
Final word of the show.
Good night, everybody.
Have a good one.
And we'll see you next week with More Orange Lounge.
Dark Sakura will be back.
We hope to have guests in the studio as well.
Don't forget to check out our podcast and other live shows.
There will be a surprise live show this week as well.
That's all I'm going to say.
Tune in.
Maybe our live journal community will have more
information on that.
We'll see.
And tonight's Fortune Cookie.
Dark Sakura didn't send me a new one just yet, so you get a
classic Fortune Cookie from our archives that I love.
Final word of the show, Loki.
One word that sums it all up.
Beatmania.
That does it for another episode of
Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange
Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our
website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
How to get to Sesame Street? How to get to Sesame Street?
Hello, Hermit the Frog here, and welcome to Sesame Street.
I'd like to tell you what today's letter is, but I am really f***ed up.
Hey, Big Bird, do you know what today's letter is?
Sure, Kermit. Today's letter is...
joint.
Uh, Big Bird, joint is not a letter.
It is a word.
Sorry, kids. Today's letter is three.
Big Bird. Three is a number.
Exactly. The number three, which is how many joints I've smoked today.
Kermit, are you with me?
Thank God I'm stoned.
Me too!
Guys! Guys! Show go on! Come on!
Thank you, Elmo.
How about we say our ABCs, Big Bird?
Okay.
A, B, C, D, E, F, R, G, Q, K, C, R, uh, C, E, I forgot what we were doing, Cramit.
Did you just call me Cramit?
Yes, I did.
Cramit the frog here.
okay okay that's all the time we have for today
goodbye kids today's show was brought to you
by the uh letter um bong and and the number
god you're messed up thank you the number f*** you
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Okay kids, that's it. We're off to tape our podcast, so those of you guys that are already
subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already we did like three episodes from
LA so freaking get on your iPod or doppler or whatever and catch up on the
stream and then we're gonna tape a new one tonight as well so you get lots of
podcasts this month you lucky bastards and right now though our live stream
You're gonna get dumped from the live stream, but don't be too
