It's like that y'all, but we don't quit You keep on rock shot, cause this is it
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
On tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio, episode 144, all three of us are back together
again for the first time in a couple weeks, and it's really the first time we're all together
since E3, and although you guys are probably sick of hearing about it, we're not done talking
about E3.
So we'll probably have a little bit more on that, only a little bit though, because we
have other stories to move on to tonight, including what happens when Konami puts up
a seemingly important poll.
Of course, somebody's gotta go and fuck it up for everybody else.
We'll have more after this.
AHHHoooooo
theme music
You're mentioning the oh man Senior
P
R
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-truh-bluh-caw-key.
Just kidding! Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki
We are live, and this is episode number 144 for this May the 29th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as
well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the Happiest Bunny on the
Farm.
Say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
What is up?
I just happened to be peeking through random news and apparently they're taking a vigilante
justice against online scam fight.
I've heard about that and that's almost worth talking about a little later tonight.
I agree.
The intro does say we don't have to just talk about rhythm and music games.
This is why we changed my little script here in the beginning,
because now we can talk about the pop culture world when we feel like it.
And we do.
Yeah.
Often.
Orange Lounge.
How does that stop this before?
Hey, I haven't introduced you yet.
Be quiet.
Yeah.
You're not here until we introduce you.
Not that Orange Lounge Radio doesn't ever get random anyway.
But that's random.
That's why people know us.
That's what we do a lot of.
All right.
let me introduce the one and only tech master loki
i don't want to talk now
oh i see how it is
you're going to be like that huh?
exactly
fine whatever
all right uh... we should have uh... it's going to be a mediocre show tonight
i don't know it'll be a slightly average
it'll be a five out of ten show tonight i think
my burps are five out of ten
no we we have some fun stuff for you guys we actually have some kind of premiers for you
guys tonight
This is going to be an interesting trend here on Orange Lawn Radio. Last week we were the first to play for you guys the Polopsian dance, I don't even remember the name of it now, whatever, and then the bootleg of Jelly Kiss that Loki took from E3.
And it's going to continue tonight. A brand new UltraMix 3 song that wasn't even in the demo was announced this week. We're going to play that for you guys.
And we're going to play, um, some of you guys have probably heard this by now, but we're going to play it anyway.
We're going to play Waver, one of the new songs from Songpack 11, which is in Silent Hill as well.
I hope it's not the weird remix.
It is a very weird song.
It's not that freaky remix that was on the...
I think so. I think it is.
Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
It's related to Dead DDR, so we have to give it its three seconds of glory.
Alright, it's one of Megalotov's favorites too, so if he heard you saying this, he'd probably cry.
No, I didn't like it. I like the original. And I hate the Urine remix too.
Well, we're not playing the Urine remix yet.
Thank God.
I don't know, maybe at the end of the show just for you. We'll see.
Alright, so we got all that fun stuff coming up.
And, if you want to, I have some of the Dancing Stage Unleashed 2 tracks.
track. Oh yes, we have to do some of those as well. Dancing Stage Unleashed 2. And, and,
and that song that I brought that's sorta kinda, it's borderline remixed. It's the Metal
Gear Acid song, right? Yeah. Oh, we gotta hear that. I think a lot of our fanboys and
fangirls would appreciate that. They would like to hear it, and it's not quite a remix.
I kinda thought about remixing it, and I'm kinda on, you know. Way to hype it up. Way
hype it up it's really awesome i just you know that i mean it's one of those songs that's so
awesome it's like you know i don't know if i want to touch it because i don't want to make it worse
than it is see what i mean about tonight being a real just average show because loki's just like
yeah i got this song it's okay it is never average damn it you're supposed to make it
all right i know well i know i always look good and you're looking okay with that haircut you're
You're looking average.
My haircut looks like it sucks.
Loki, you look okay.
Actually, Loki, you're a little bit below average, but luckily I'm here to bring you
up.
My haircut is bad.
Ah, no, I like the haircut.
It's too short.
But it's very, very red.
Join our chat room, www.orangelandtrader.com, click on Chat.
We'll be back after this break featuring just some potpourri, a potpourri of Bomani music
for you guys, starting it off with some Rainbow Flyer, because I haven't heard that song in
a while and I like that one.
Remember 2DX8-style Rainbow Flyer? It's cute.
and we have knocking at the door so we'll figure that one out and we'll be back after this
Today, I'll be talking about my life in the city, yeah
Today, I'll be talking about my life in the city with you
For up to this minute, for more gaming news, discussion forums, and for access to the chat
room, visit our website at orangeloungeradio.com That's right, I hope you guys are visiting
that orangeloungeradio.com.
It's 5.38.
No it's not.
Damn it, I hate it when I do that.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're on the...
2.
What?
Really buzzed the shit out of me.
I really, I have screwed up the show so much.
You know, it's just, it's okay.
But it's an okay show.
Next week we're replacing Rob with a tuna.
Seriously, the tuna might do better.
That's the sad thing.
No, here's the thing.
Next week, Rob will become a stapler.
Next week, the role of Rob will be played by Rob.
Hey, okay, that's enough.
The weird thing is, like, I queued up the pre-show extra long tonight
long tonight because usually what we do, this is the whole
idea behind the pre-show.
We have the pre-show go at 5.30 so that it gives you time
to connect to the station so that you don't get dumped
right before we go live.
See, it's kind of like to draw you in because we have to,
when we go from the basic broadcast to live, we have to
dump all the listeners to do that, right?
So we go live with a pre-show at 5.30.
Well, tonight we actually went live at 4 because we're having
an Orange Lounge staff meeting.
Very important stuff, by the way.
Very important stuff at the Orange Lounge staff meetings.
Very important.
Onion flavored.
Yes.
Never any alcoholic drinks at the Orange Laundry radio staff meetings ever.
Just onions.
So I queued it up to start at four.
So I had the whole playlist in my player program ready to go.
And I started it at the top of the list.
Well, the problem was that the top of my screen wasn't really the top of the list.
So I actually started at four o'clock, what was supposed to be at 4.30.
And so everything ran like a half hour early, which caused a great panic when we
got home from the staff meeting and I realized, oh, crap.
The pre-show's almost over, but it's only 6 o'clock.
One of many ways I'm screwing up tonight.
Yeah, thank you, chat room.
Chat room's saying, fire for me.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
Speaking of chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on Chat.
You should join us.
It's always a happy, skippy, good time.
We have a special guest who joined us there during the
first break as well.
Can we get him a microphone?
Do I have to give him mine here?
The one and only RKDN42, ladies and gentlemen.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
My computer is not.
That's why I'm here.
Wow.
I'm liking this new studio because on the new mic you're actually really loud.
All right.
Which is good.
Awesome.
I think he's loud only because we broke the mic.
Maybe.
You gotta watch the yelling tonight, Loki, because you might blow out somebody's speakers.
Oh, no.
I'll just get the story to Beyond All Hell.
Yeah, I mean, because obviously you can't get louder than this, you know, that it's set to go. So, whatever.
All right. We are going to get into How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, but first I think it's very important that we do an Orange Lounge Radio news update, because this is big news. This is really big news.
La la.
Hey, this isn't a music update.
Orange Lounge Radio news update.
You are too loud.
actually we're all too loud effective may 28th ish 28 earlier this week
effective earlier this week both dark Sakura and I have quit Final Fantasy 11
yes we have got up and left and quit for good
yes good Britain leaving hey screw off leaving poor Loki all by himself in the
world of an ideal and he's enjoying every second of it yeah screw off yeah
but we have PS opium to keep us happy you know what and it's weird because I'm
not even that into bluebirds like it's cool and all but let's face it Jamie
it's freaking PSO again I like for the fourth time yeah but I can play it while
doing my homework and actually get to a different window but Jamie did they give
us new classes? No. Did they give us new skins for our characters? No. Did they give us the
type of voice support that Xbox Live had? No. Eventually. Eventually? They're working
on it. Okay, well we don't have it yet, so not yet, okay? The only cool thing about PSO
Blue Burst so far, other than the fact that it is PSO, and PSO is a pretty decent game,
you can play it in a window. So I can talk on aim. You can, feasibly, you can cybersex
and play PSO at the same time, if you're into that. Not that I would know anything about
that.
Me neither.
But I'm just saying.
Well, you can do that with Final Fantasy II. In fact, you can actually play two sessions
of Final Fantasy at the same time. I don't know why you'd want to, but you could.
The one on the PlayStation 2, the one on the PC.
Knows who on the PC.
Well, maybe that's for, like, husband and wife living together who both want to play.
No, it's for hackers.
Anywho, basically Warner solidified my not joining up with Matrix online because they killed off Morpheus.
I heard about that, but I mean, you know, and a lot of people go, how can they kill Morpheus?
Well, easy. Here's how you can kill Morpheus because you can make him come back, just like they're going to make Neo come back.
Well, and then the other thing is that what are you worried about, a new movie?
not gonna happen sorry I I know this is a new slash anybody but the third
matrix movie sucked therefore there will not be any more matrix movie actually
correction the second movie sucked the third movie was just kind of let's face
it as a whole it sucked yeah it's kind of like tonight's show it's yeah it's
average yes but that but but Rob but what we've all all of his movies suck
Yet, for some reason, they keep making them.
Eh? Eh?
Warner Brothers? I mean, come on, the Matrix franchise makes more money than Catwoman.
Eh, whatever.
Uh, comment from our chatroom there. I'm apparently pissing off some of the Final Fantasy XI fans with my, uh...
Damn straight! But see, here's what the kicker is, because he gave me all of his stuff, and he's like,
Don't sell this, because I might come back. First thing I did is sold all of it.
Ass.
And no one, you know, people wonder why I didn't get rid of my stuff, gave my stuff
away.
I just quit.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Because when I come back, they'll have PVP.
I'm never coming back.
I've decided.
Okay.
But here's the thing.
Somebody jaded 2005 saying, PSO and Final Fantasy, both are good, so don't quit one
and go solely to another.
I'm actually not solely playing Phantasy Star online.
I'm also playing Guild Wars.
And I'm going to be quitting all of it when Ragnarok 2 comes out.
Actually, here's the idea behind it.
Guild Wars, a lot of my friends are into right now, and I basically got bullied into checking
it out.
And I do like the idea that you don't have to pay a monthly fee.
I got to admit, that's a big draw.
Because Final Fantasy XI, here I am paying $15.95 a month for three characters I'm never
going to use.
Right?
Or I haven't been using for the past two months.
Why do you have three characters?
I had, because everybody knows in order to play Final Fantasy 11, if you want to be good,
eventually you're going to have to have a mule.
You can get through the first 30 levels with no mule, but eventually you're going to have
to have a mule for all your crap.
I had two of them.
Yeah, exactly.
And I was in, what, 18?
So I had my main character, my mule, and then I had a character on another server, because
you can't server hop in Final Fantasy 11, so once you're on one server you're stuck
on it.
So somebody who I've been getting to know lately happens to have a level 75 character
and really wants to play with me except he's on another server well he quit the
game too anyway so it doesn't really matter so it's just one of those things
where it's like I've been playing it since October of 2003 I'm sick of logging
on to the game every day just to farm it because the economy is all fucked up
because they won't do anything about the guild sellers I'm done I'm not having
fun with the game anymore it's just I'm sorry am I is Final Fantasy 11 a bad
game no it's one of the best MMOs I've ever played but it's unfortunately just
kinda starting to go down the tubes in my eyes. I'm just not interested in it anymore.
There's probably things on there that still interest other people. I, for one, am done.
I met some great people on Final Fantasy XI, though.
You know, I just didn't have, you know, and I don't like that you're pretty much forced
to play with other people, because that pisses me the fuck off.
Who'd want to interact with other people? In an online game.
Well, no, the thing I liked about Ragnarok and PSO is that I could solo all I wanted
to, and if I wanted to interact with other people, I could.
Final Fantasy XI forces you to interact with other people.
Yeah.
But I don't like that at all.
Well, see, that never bothered me because, you know, it's an MMO.
You kind of expect that, so.
But I understand what you're saying.
Guild Wars, you can play by yourself or you can play with other people.
World of Warcraft, that's a big draw for those people too.
Alright, anyway.
Sorry, oh yeah, we talk about rhythm and music games on the show once in a while, don't we?
How was your week, how was your day, Dr. Sakura?
My week was busy, and they changed my entire function at work, so I'm having to remember
shit from three years ago that has changed since then, and it's just a big freaking pain
in the ass.
On top of that, I'm still without my car. Dan tried to hammer my fender back into shape, and tore off my tire cover to try to get it to where I could drive it.
Now my alignment is off to where when my wheel is straight, I turn rather sharply to the left.
Do you have a donut car? That's awesome.
A car that does donuts.
Oh, yeah.
So my car is no longer considered safe to drive, and I may be buying a new car, which is kind of cool.
Sorry, Loki, just had me thinking of a car made out of donuts.
The Twinbee is being retired!
It has been stomped on by the great salamander cult.
Known as the stupid taxi driver company.
Of course, there was E3 last week.
In Disneyland.
In my sunburn.
Oh, that's right, you weren't here for last week's show, so we haven't really heard-
Heck no! I was tired!
We haven't really heard your E3 perspective yet.
Oh, they did if they listened to the podcast.
Which a lot of freaking people did this week, by the way.
Not just this current week, but all previous weeks.
We got big exposure on this ipodr.org site.
Adam Curry posted about us.
That's cool.
I love his hair.
And he's one name away from Tim Curry, so that's even cooler.
That's very cool.
And that's also one name away from Adam West, which makes it like top of cool.
And his name is also a delicious dish.
Sorry, you're weak.
Another notable thing that happened this week is the release of Demon Days, Guilas.
Which made me very happy because I have the UK and the US version now, which is the same
damn thing!
And of course, I was a big dumbass and didn't cancel one of my things at the time, so I
have them both.
It's like a Game Boy.
I guess?
Totally.
It's like, her buying Demon Days is like a Game Boy.
It's like she got the same damn thing, but just like different shrink wrap colors.
They're actually exactly the same, so the way that I have to tell the difference apart on them is because they have big fold over covers in each direction so you can have one of their faces on the front, so one of them has Murdock and the other one has 2D.
I've been Squealy Fangirl. And my Japanese EP arrived for Feel Good Inc. and it has a bunch of songs on it, so I'm very happy. Been in happy fangirl mode lately.
If I'm done.
Loki, should we make bets on when she gets burned out on it?
As if.
I don't care. Alright. Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
I watched a ton of movies this week, none of which were any good.
I started off with watching the original Star Wars trilogy because I have to get rid of the five movies out of the way
before nellie will go see the third movie and i want to see the third movie
but you know i'm not like
who i have to go see right away so
so what's the original
do it all the crap
i'm very sorry i'll copy might as well for you know i don't want to trust me
i don't want
you have to cap i i don't care i don't really care because
No amount of crap added or subtracted from the last episode six, man.
What were they thinking, Ewoks? Come on. That was the most retarded thing.
It was little Asian teddy bears that were attacking everything.
It was like a goddamn nightmare.
Yeah, Jedi was my favorite of them.
It should have been Domo-Kun. Oh my god, that would have been actually cool.
Let me put my Star Wars fandom into perspective for you all, okay?
I got invited to a Star Wars marathon last night where they were going to watch the original
trilogy in the original, like, I don't know, the good form or whatever you guys call it,
back to back to back. And, you know, it was going to be fun, and there's going to be,
you know, food and stuff, and it was with some of my really, really good friends, and
I said, no, I don't want to fucking watch Star Wars again. That is my Star Wars fandom,
ladies and gentlemen.
I actually really do want to go put in my laser just so I can get the bad taste of episodes
one and two out of my mouth.
Let me just put it this way, I mean, it was, first off, Yoda was really strange looking
as a puppet, and that was the best part, because it was just like, it was like The Muppets.
That's what it reminded me of, The Muppets. And the whole Ewok thing was just retarded.
It's just, I was like, why the hell did he do this? I just wanted, I just kept making
fun of the movie the entire time. And then, um, so anyways, watch that. And then today
for some reason I watched, um, Running Man. And the best part about that, and I didn't
even realize it, is Richard Dawson is the goddamn host of Running Man. He realized the
the average age of our listeners. Okay, okay. Richard Dawson was the guy that used to be
part of Match Game and he was also part of the family feud. Back in the day, okay, he
was actually a good host. He's pretty funny. But I just didn't realize, I'm like, dude,
that's Richard Dawson. That's awesome. And then for some reason I watched Wild Wild West,
or at least part of it, and that movie is Racist as Hell. I mean, they're just like,
you know, throwing racist jokes back and forth throughout the entire movie. One movie? Wild
Wild West. That old one with Will Smith from a few years ago? It's fucking racist as hell.
Like they're just making like, you know, the one guy calls him a coon, the other guy, basically
the one, you know, villain that doesn't have legs anymore, got his legs cut off or something,
so Will Smith makes fun of him for being, you know, crippled, and then, you know, the
other guy makes fun of him for being, you know, a black person. And so, that was really
interesting. Oh, that's nice. Oh yeah, that's so nice. Anyways, so besides all the movies,
Um, actually, the week was okay, I've been just doing more work stuff, um, no game accounts and whatnot, and um, then I was playing Final Fantasy XI, I'm level 58 now, I'm my black mage, and that's awesome.
And that's pretty much it, as far as, you know, gaming and stuff goes.
I was so bored today at Nellie's parents' house, because they had their family over,
that I was actually playing cell phone game Worms.
And for some reason, the AI always commits suicide, and I don't know why.
That's all.
All right. Bradley, how was your recession?
Actually, before I forget, I was at Dimple, by the way,
I found another guitar with something or the other, but I forgot what it was.
That's okay.
Bradley, how was your week? How was your day?
Our week was alright. Work went pretty fast this week.
Sometimes it was really slow. This week actually felt like it went pretty fast.
And then, yay, this weekend is the first full three-day weekend I get for the year.
This is good.
And then today, I was playing on the computer and it stopped. It went off.
That was because the power supply at Fan-In had been bad for the past year or so.
And then it finally decided to stop and then it burned itself out.
So I had to go to Fries and pick up a new one and put that in.
And then when I tried to restart it, the network driver, the number card driver died for some reason.
So it wanted me to reinstall, but my floppy disk drive doesn't work anymore.
It's been dead for two or three years.
So I came over here so you can see if they would...
Rob would burn me a disk or something.
And that all happened.
And that's about all.
I played Devil May Cry because I've only played a little bit of that.
And that's one of the games I got when I bought the PS2 from Jamie's friend.
I hardly ever played it, didn't, I only played like the first level until now.
That's it. Alrighty.
My week and my day. Um, I went TV shopping yesterday because
you know how sometimes when you have extra money it's like, oh damn, I got, I got
money to burn right now. I gotta buy something. So I,
I had this urge to go out and buy a new TV. Because my credit card's at a zero
balance right now, so I'm like, I can afford to buy something nice for myself.
So I went to go look at TVs. I really couldn't find
anything that seemed worthwhile to me
because I think we're at this real phase in televisions right now where like
we're on the verge of HDTV
to come out like really really soon
but the problem is that HDTVs are still like way too expensive
like they have like somewhat reasonable HDTVs for like I don't know $600 or
something
but it seemed like one of those kinds that would break after a year
and I don't want to buy a TV if it's just gonna break after a year
And then the problem is, and I think this is why people are afraid to go up to HDTV,
there's too damn many types of TVs. There's the widescreen, and there's the plasma,
and there's the projection, and the LCD, and then there's 4x3s.
It is too overwhelming, and I consider myself somewhat technically inclined.
I mean, I know how to, you know, do a radio show on the internet with friends, you know,
but I can't figure out what TV I want. Is that freaking sad, or what?
Stop watching TV. Just download it all on your computer.
But see, this is the thing. I'm not buying a TV for TV.
I'm buying a TV for my DVDs and games. Laser pointer for iPod?
No, I'm not getting a laser pointer for iPod.
No, I'm sorry. This just...anyway.
You know, we actually are going to be buying a...we want to get a widescreen TV.
You know what all I'm going to use it for? Video games.
And Dan's all like, I can watch this movie, I can watch this movie.
We haven't discussed a single TV show.
All he watches is that 70s show, and all I watch is basically all day watching him play
Fire Emblem.
Here's the thing is that, sure, I could tell by walking in there which one of those TVs
was the prettiest TV.
Of course, that huge 52-inch widescreen LCD plasma super duper HDTV was obviously the
best one.
But let's face it, boys and girls, I'm doing a radio show on the Internet, not on New York
over-the-air radio.
I don't quite have a lot of money to spend on nice TVs.
So I have to find something that's in the middle somewhere where it's a nice TV but
affordable.
And I think just right now is a bad time for TVs because I think they're going to come
down in price by the end of the year.
At least that's what I hope, is that there'll be a price war this Christmas, and they'll
come down.
I even saw a story on Yahoo the other day, it said they were going to come down in price
soon enough.
All right, anyway, so instead of getting the TV, I ended up buying a DVD kit for my Xbox
because it's just a long story about the setup of our house, but I needed one, trust me.
And F Microsoft for having to, you have to buy a DVD kit to turn your Xbox into a DVD
player, that sucks.
But I must admit it is a very nice DVD player, because you can do Zoom and all that stuff,
so it's cool.
I also picked up Fable for the Xbox, because it's on sale, so it's not $50 now, it's only
$30, so I figured what the hell, I'll pick it up.
And it's kind of fun.
It's the only video game I've played in a long time where I can truly aspire to be a
gay whore, and maybe succeed at it.
I don't know, it's still too early, I'm only two hours into it.
So we'll see.
That was pretty much my week in my day, was yesterday shopping.
Going back to work this week was good, because I got to get back
into the swing of things.
And it was kind of refreshing, believe it or not, to go back to
work after being in LA for a week, just out of
place and everything.
So it was nice.
Anyway.
Let's move on to some Bamani-related things.
We are going to do a premiere of a brand new DDR
UltraMix III song.
Funny enough, go figure, this is a song that originally
showed up in our cage match and if you might remember DDR Ultra Mix 2 we
called three of those songs in our cage match before they were ever announced we
had no inside knowledge or anything but we played After All by Delirium the
Svensson and Gielin mix we played the right mix in our cage match once and we
played Wherever You Are by Lava in our cage match once and that was in and then
what was the other one I'm in Heaven, Jason Evans and Holly James also showed up in
in DDR.
So maybe our cage matches were something after all.
So tune in tonight, because there might be
a new DDR song in it.
Anyway, here's this new song that's
announced for DDR UltraMix III.
It was not in the E3 demo.
It was actually announced by the artist himself on his
website, our old buddy Midi Head, who we interviewed a
little while ago.
We've got to get him back on the show, because he's got not
only this, but he's got the Jelly Kiss remix.
And he said on his site that there is
something else as well.
So, here it is, Midihead, a brand new song for Ultramix 3, you're going to be dancing
to this one in the fall, Raise Your Hands is the name of this song, and we'll be back
after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome to the new revolution, gonna find a solution to the convolution
We're gathered in a strong dedication to the new revelation of the dancing nation
80 hertz on the floor as the crowd's on the raw
In the starting boom blast pull your ribcage
Landing lights in the mist as the knee changes
Cutting out to the band, raise your hand
It's time to take a stand, there's nobody to give a hand, but I've had to walk our
constitution.
80 hertz on the floor as the crowd starts to roar, feel the sounding moon flash through
your rib cage, landing lights in the mist as the DJ assists, shouting out to the band,
Raise your hand
Raise your hand
Raise your hand
Raise your hand
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. That was Minnie Head, Raise Your Hands.
That's going to be on DDR UltraMix III, of course edited down.
Unless there was this secret about long version songs, but I somehow highly doubt
those are ever coming back as the DDR songs seem to get a little larger.
Because it seems like the average length of an UltraMix II song was about at least a minute forty-five.
So, that will be edited down a little bit.
think I think that's gonna be a pretty kick-butt song when it's edited down it
I'd love to beat in that song so it's gonna be neat I think if they edit out
the singing burn all our bridges all right I believe it was real it was
really good honestly it was yeah and he just found better than voluntary mm-hmm
so that's something yeah all right so I wanted to play that for you guys out
there. Orange Lounge Radio, giving you new Bomani music as soon as we can dig it up.
We'll play a new song from the new song pack from Xbox. Actually, I think it's two song
packs to go. We're a little late on it. But let's face it, boys and girls, we've, at least
me, was in the middle of the move with the new studio and everything, so I didn't have
a chance to get on Xbox Live previously and check out the song pack. Although, I have
to say, after downloading it, I kind of dig it. I like the new song packs. So, good stuff.
good stuff. Alright, let's move on to something else going on in the Balenci
community right now. Kind of a big story this week. A lot of exposure happening
for the new games thanks to E3 for the new DDR and of course Beatmania is
even getting out there. Some people are kind of questioning is this Beatmania
thing gonna catch on here in the US? It was a big risk in a way Konami was
taking. Jason Ian has been trying to get Beatmania over here for a long long
time and it took this long, finally, to come out here.
In fact, Game Informer, isn't that Game Stops magazine, what do they call it, Game Informer?
Game Informer Online put Beatmania number nine on its top ten list of E3 showstoppers.
That's not bad when you consider, you know, you've got, oh, I don't know, three new consoles
and new technologies and the new Zelda and everything else to compete with.
really a pretty good showing for a little game from Japan. CNN talking about
karaoke revolution party as well as MSNBC. Very interesting the karaoke
revolution party seems to get a lot of the attention but you know I think for
those of us not in the hardcore I can kind of see where karaoke revolution is
more of an accessible game because everybody can at least try to sing but
Not everybody can really dance.
Some people just can't dance, but everybody
can try and sing.
It's a game you play with your voice.
So because of all this exposure, Konami, for whatever reason,
decided to put this poll on their site.
And so they're actually asking on their site,
which upcoming music game are you most looking forward to?
Karaoke Revolution Party, Beatmania, DDR Extreme 2, or DDR Ultramix 3?
Which one of these four do you guys think would be in the lead?
Oh, I already know the answer to this, but, um...
Well then let me ask DarkSakura, which one of these three do you think would be in the
lead?
Or four?
The list?
Karaoke Revolution Party, Beatmania, DDR Extreme 2, or DDR Ultramix 3?
Well personally I put Beatmania at the top of the list.
Beatmania is currently in third place with four percent of the vote.
Here's what happened boys and girls.
There was a pretty legit thing going on where all the results were really somewhat neck
and neck Beatmania and DDR Extreme 2 leading for a little bit and then somebody decided
to launch a script because currently DDR UltraMix 3 has 73 percent of the vote with 83,096 votes
I think that's more people than are registered on DDR Freak, if I'm not
mistaking. Do you believe you're right? So somehow this puzzles me. The 83,000
people voted for UltraMix 3. Yeah right. Yeah right. Somebody out there is
running a script. Why would somebody feel the need to run a script to put
false votes in this poll for Ultramix 3 nonetheless. I mean, don't get me wrong, I think the DDR
Ultramix games are some of the best things that have happened to us forever, but we all
knew going into E3, we all knew that it was inevitable we would get an Ultramix 3 in an
Extreme 2. What we didn't know, we didn't know we were getting Beatmania here in the
US.
For the record?
What?
53,163 members of DDR Freak.
Thank you.
So, over, yeah, over 30,000 more people than are registered on DER free place to vote for
UltraMix 3.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Let me see.
I bet if I reloaded this frame right now, oh, never mind.
They did stop running this script.
Okay.
I don't see it anymore.
But for a while, some of the message boards were saying, dude, every time you click reload
on the poll results, you can see that UltraMix 3 jumps up by like five or six votes each
time. So obviously somebody was running a script. But why did you feel the need to
run a script? We did not know that Beatmania was going to be coming before
E3, so this is something we should be backing. Same thing with Karaoke
Revolution Party in a way. I know it's kind of the stepchild of the Bomani
series for those of us that are core, you know, have been into the games for a long
time, but that sing and dance thing, we weren't expecting that really. At least I
wasn't I was just expecting karaoke revolution volume 4 would just you know
more songs same old shit different game right but now we get karaoke revolution
party which is you know being a little bit innovative so that's kind of neat
but somebody felt the need out there to run a script by the way somebody out
there apparently decided that they're sad the karaoke revolutions falling
behind because they're running a script for karaoke revolution party voting as
well which is up to now 20% of the vote 23,724 votes I somehow doubt that's
legit especially when you consider the DDR extreme 2 which probably sells
better the series extreme than any of these games DDR extreme 2 2129 votes 1%
of the vote yeah right so do you think a Konami reps gonna look at this and go
yeah this makes sense. Do you think a Konami rep even gives a shit about this
poll honestly? This is the part that surprised me is that it was like the
news on like half the Bahmani sites out there not that I blame them because it
is kind of cool that Konami's putting it on their front page but I think people
read into it way too much I think people assume that oh my gosh because Konami
put this on their front page poll this is gonna make or break the future of
of Bomani Games. No. All these games were shown at E3. All these games had press releases
and release dates, even though some of them weren't so specific, release dates were attached
to them. Unlike some games shown at E3, Duke Nukem Forever, these games will come out eventually.
You don't...
You had Duke Nukem Forever at E3 this year?
Years ago they did.
I was gonna say, wow, they actually had a show...
You don't have to vote for this game
over and over and over again for it to show up.
This poll is not going to make or break
the future of the UltraMix series.
I hate to break it to you.
This poll is not going to make or break the BeatMania series.
So take a little rest in that, those of you
guys that are pissed off that BeatMania's only
got 4% of the vote.
Nobody cares.
You want to know what Konami cares about?
When the game comes out, they want people to buy it.
you can't run a script for that so if you truly support the games I hope
you're gonna buy them when they come out because if not enough people buy beat
mania when it comes out you know what they're gonna say they're gonna say the
same thing they said with guitar freaks in Japan fuck it your thoughts on this
Loki this is just an opinion poll who gives a crap it doesn't matter it
doesn't mean anything it's just ooh let's see what the opinion is just like
on Dear Freak polls. I mean, come on, those don't mean anything. It's the same damn thing.
We don't want to belittle, and the polls on our website, they don't mean anything either,
honestly, and I hate to belittle it, but the honest thing is, it's just something, it's
a fun poll. It's just, you know, how many of you guys in the room thought the last Star
Wars movie sucked? You know, and then, you know, you poll, and it's fun. Oh, really,
huh, huh, who knew I was in the minority? It's a teehee fun poll, all these polls on
This isn't the MTV Video Game Awards, folks.
Oh, yeah.
You remember this?
Years ago?
Halo and Dance Dance Revolution.
Didn't J-Dog from DDR Freak, of all people, write the script that did this?
For the...
Like remember...
Oh, when was it?
It was either 2005...
I think it was...
I want to say it was going into 2004 that MTV was going to do a special, the Top 20
games of all time or something and DDR was nominated so they built a script on
DDR Freak for everybody to run that would vote over and over and over in
this poll and then like the Halo kids caught on as well so they all started
running the script and it was this big war and in the end according to the
website DDR was number one and we were all yeah DDR is gonna be number one on
the top 20 countdown yeah guess what when it was actually put out on TV
me, guess where DDR landed on the poll. Last place, 20th, last place. Your voting on the
website didn't mean shit. Now, the intentions back then were good.
I don't think that, anyway. What? No, finish it off. Well, the intentions
back then were different because MTV, that's different. You don't know what they're going
to do. So I understand why people... MTV is synonymous with crap anyway.
Their whole thinking, which was just insane anyways, was like,
if it gets on MTV as number one, then maybe Konami will realize,
whoa, the fans love it! And they'll put it on arcade mix.
Yeah, Konami will realize the fans love it when stores are sold out of it
and you can't find it on shelves anywhere. That's when they'll know.
For instance, Katamari Damacy, do you think we'd ever be seeing a sequel
if that game wasn't impossible to find?
No. That game is selling, like, mad. That's why, you know, there's going to be a sequel
to Katamari Damacy. No MTV poll, no poll over at Namco's site or anything had to dictate
that new game coming out.
All right, I think we're...
Numbers, money, that's what they look at as the bottom line.
I think we've covered the poll thing enough.
It just irritates me.
I don't even want to dedicate this much effort into talking about this.
It just irritates me that somebody, I mean, why would somebody do this?
They'd be like, hey, look at how big my internet penis is, it takes up 73% of the screen right
now.
Nobody will ever be as big as Jason's.
Recognize.
Just remember, if you think this poll is going to do any good, just watch what happened on
the MTV thing.
The answers are already predetermined.
Is this what's going to happen if they allow internet voting for presidents?
Absolutely, that's why it'll never happen, at least in the next 20 years.
But, who knows, I've been proven wrong before, we'll see what happens.
How about a break time, kids?
How about it?
I've been craving to hear a song from GuitarFreaksV ever since I played it, because it's awesome.
at least I liked it I don't know I don't know what my co-host will think but I'm
entitled to my we song once in a while I think so this is vanilla ninja with
lyre is what we're going to start off this break with and then also in this
break we'll we'll play other stuff too some potpourri and then when we come
back from this break some more bamani news tonight's cage match of course your
calls via the skype line www.orangeloungeradio.com click on interact
with us and we'll start taking some calls via skype when we come back sound good yeah
all right we'll be back after this from guitar freaks strummania v vanilla ninja liar
did i have to have a song for the cage mouse
I've always found the place to be
So far from this fallen sea
Like tears on a bowing wave
A shadow up my face
Your kisses turn from hot to cold
And I've felt like a center bone
Cheeseburger with dirty men
Looking for love that they never will get
I'm feeling about to feel alone
I'm feeling so high on the road
You know it, you know it
If you wanna lie to me again
The reason why my face is on the end
Just go there and say there
Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Feel the thoughts, you feel the love I'm going through the heart and all the bones
There's no way, there's no way If you wanna like me again
Don't think you have to take it all again
Just roll it
And save it
Can you be your fantasy?
Give me ecstasy
Why little feelings die of action When we fought for satisfaction
But our hearts and as always, saved me
Why? Little love, all this magic
Making you kind of tragic
We were here for the best
In the heat of the night
Marching close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
As we fight inside
And the heat of the night was too close to the fire
And the power of our hearts made us live by this fire
And the heat of the night
The heat of the night
In the heat of the night
This just sounds
This just sounds
This just sounds
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Ota mia means to I
This is the way we rock, this is the way we ride
As we demonstrate, as we demonstrate,
Everybody wants to be a son of mine,
Most of me that meets the eye,
Cause those are the kind of people that I know that fight,
Cause I, my, them is right,
This is the way we dance,
This is the way we rock,
This is the way we ride,
As we demonstrate, as we demonstrate,
To the steps of the orange path,
This media sucks,
All of us,
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and episode number 144 for you guys.
You know it's kind of sad because it is a three day weekend and typically on the three
day weekends we do our drunk shows, but you may notice we're not doing that tonight.
That's because Jamie and I are going clubbing after tonight's show.
We're getting our goth on.
Because we don't get to go out Sunday nights very often so we're going to go out tonight
and Loki, well I don't know what his excuse is.
Oh yeah, he drove over here so he can't really drink.
So, he'll go club seals.
Yeah, he'll go club seals instead of clubbing.
I'm gonna have me some Guinness.
I totally want a drink at the club, man.
I can have one drink.
You can have one and then not drink anything for three hours.
That's pretty much what I get to do.
Drink a lot of water.
Because it takes, I think, two hours for a high metabolism to oxidize alcohol.
For a big guy like me, though, my body can handle a lot, so...
Lightweight. You're lightweight and you know it.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
anymore I may be in college maybe before I was 21 oh yeah hi kids I remember you
falling out of the chair during all the okay drunk show yeah I seem to recall
the last drunk show he had I was lying down in the hallway kicking the wall
trying to run up the wall and I was yelling I'm in the matrix I'm in the
matrix and I don't even remember how we got to that on our radio show but this
I remember eating half a box of waffles, which I paid you back for!
I remember you paid me back.
I bought you a big ol' box of industrial sized waffles.
And they were eaten.
So we'll have to do another drunk show sometime.
I'm happy because I got a toaster today.
A bagel-sized toaster.
And I hate bagels, but it's still a toaster.
But they're good for cooking waffles in.
Yes.
You know, my friend told me that he was going to get me, as a housewarming present, a Hello Kitty toaster.
I'm still waiting.
What the hell is up with Hello Kitty?
Hello Kitty, I swear to God, it's like, it's almost like the Nazi revolution, I mean, it's
like they have everything Hello Kitty, it's just, Hello Kitty is going to take over the
world.
Sign me around!
Did you play the Hello Kitty Roller Rescue at E3?
No, but I saw you play it.
So cute!
So cute!
So cute!
Yeah, I like the suggestion from our chatroom.
Drunk podcast episode!
Yeah, that'd be really great for us with all the additional exposure that's been getting
lately.
We could bring the recorder, though, to the club.
But what are we going to get at the club?
Nobody talks.
It's Gothic night.
Nobody talks.
They act pretentious and ignore each other.
At the club.
Can you actually hear someone talking four inches away from you at the club?
No.
Seriously.
And this is...
Yes.
Yes, boys and girls, Jamie and I go to the Goth club on Sunday nights.
I go every week on Thursday.
Now don't knock it till you've tried it.
I know that a lot of you guys are in high school, college, and you probably...
Either you are a goth kid...
You're emo!
Stop crying, emo kid!
Either you are a goth kid or you make fun of the goth kids.
So give them a break.
Roll down your pants.
Honestly folks, you should be dating the goth kids, because they're the ones that later
on down the road end up being really slutty.
Stop. Hey, I don't want to go off of personal experience, okay?
Okay, I knew a goth girl. She wasn't very popular in high school, but she got out of high school, pierced like crazy, and then became a stripper.
Was she pierced?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
I replaced. But anyways, um, yeah, so that was actually the last time I went to the goth club, was with this chick, and, um, because when I went there, then, um, some guy was trying to proposition me for sex.
Like, they wanted to take me home and give me money and have their way with me, and that was the end of the goth club.
Have I ever taken you to the gay club?
No. Oh, you need to go sometime. I like karaoke there,
even though I don't sing anything. I just watch. I sing.
We need this to be like a mission. We need to take Loki to the gay bar.
I know that Nellie wants to go. I know she does.
I don't really care. It's not like it's going to be like,
Oh my God! Homosexuals! Oh no!
I was just like, whatever, I'm bored.
You only lived with one for how long?
Seriously. You didn't catch Gay from living with me, did you?
I don't think so.
Okay, good.
I caught Gay from you. Remember the Pepsi bong?
This is years ago at our first March Madness.
It was Shiggle selling these huge things that looked like a big bone,
bone, but I called it the Pepsi bong. And I was passing it to Rob to take a drink. I
was like, I don't have any diseases. And then he took a drink, passed it back, and I started
drinking it. He goes, I do. I have gay. I was like, oh my God, I caught gay. And then
I hugged Irene.
Very excellent point made in the chat room. You guys should not tease the goth kids, you
people that listen to the show. You should not be teasing the goth kids. You fucking
play DDR. Yup. Correction, I do not play DDR. I just do a radio show. What, you play in
the groove? That's even worse. I don't play in the groove. No, honestly, but I think doing
a radio show about DDR is probably worse than playing DDR. Let me do a quick imitation of
Jamie and I at the goth club oh Jamie I'm feeling so gothic I'm so gothic
Jamie okay you know why that when the night comes so do I Jamie I'm so gothic
bats fly out of my ass I could make a comment about that let's go on the dance
floor and swing our hands about let's close our eyes and let our hands move
really above in the air and let the music flow into our body let's see how
many people we can pile in the cage oh I get so turned on by cages I'm gonna make
out with that thing over there I can't tell if it's man or woman but it has a
a kid's course. Oh, that's Jessica's purse! I will make love to it even so. I'm feeling
so tragic, I'm gonna go outside and contemplate jumping! Off the curb. I'm going to slit my
wrists and then go to work tomorrow. That's emo. Oh, I'm sorry. That's emo. Anyways. You
Anyways, you know what I do. I sit on the bench and get drunk
That's what I do. And then I watch everybody. I'm like, I'm too fucking drunk to move. That's what I do
The golf club for me is all about planning my outfit because I get to be as eccentric as I want to be
I'm thinking about wearing my I hate myself and I want to die shirt from English calm tonight because that's always a fun choice my
I, uh, the one that you bought me.
Oh yeah, the revolver.
You have to go to the little goth club wearing all white.
People do.
I've seen, dude, you have to go to see the guy that dresses up like Michael Jackson.
Why?
That guy is my fucking hero.
One glove and the hat and everything and he fucking moonwalks to goth music.
That's awesome.
That is so weird.
That is awesome.
dress up like Pee Wee Herman and go there or something. No, actually, no I don't.
Oh, hey, hey! Oh, I feel so good being in this club! I'm on Ro-Rock and I'm one of my
lovesome children. I know, he's still innocent until proven guilty. Oh, yeah, we talk about
We talk about video games on this show once in a while, don't we?
What was that on Saturday Night Live?
I don't know, I don't watch that.
Goth Talk.
Goth Talk.
That was great.
I'm as the only piece of shit so sorry.
I'm almost, loads ago they first denied shade.
Yes.
I just remember when...
Prom of Doom.
Alright.
That actually amused me to no end.
Didn't they have Sarah Michelle Gellar on that one?
I think Sarah Michelle Gellar.
That one was great.
And Robert Downey Jr. was the one I remember.
Anyway.
That was great.
We're going to open up the Skype line now to try and steer us back on to talking about
games.
I'm going to open up the Skype line www.orangelaunchrater.com and click on interact with us.
Funny thing is though, okay, this is the other thing, before I got off on the topic of the
golf club.
Tangent?
Yeah, that slight little tangent there that only took us 20 minutes to talk about.
Or as BlackDevil or X says, goth digression.
Before we got off on the goth digression, we were talking about tonight's show and how,
you know, it's mediocre because we're not drinking tonight.
Well, also what's interesting is that...
Oh, that's the cool thing about the fact that my friend brought over Star Wars.
He brought me a big thing of vodka and I have orange juice at home.
Because it's part of a three-day weekend, Memorial Day weekend, we typically have less
listeners on three-day weekend because people decide they can go out and get a
life because it's you know another weekend night or something I don't know
where you kids get off thinking that wherever they can all right well the
skype lines open and I'm noticing per our list there's a whopping two people
online so I'm not thinking the sky point it's gonna be a good idea tonight we
might have to go back in the goth talk again no you know what we'll get Paris
Hilton Chat. House of Wax just came out, you know.
You know, I heard that movie kind of sucked, but I heard that she doesn't die quick enough.
I actually had free tickets to that, and I threw them away.
I just want to download the scene where she dies so that I can shoot in the industry for
working out.
You know what else I saw actually online while I was doing research for Feel 3 or 3Feel,
whatever that's called? They actually have CGI Paris Hilton nude models that you can
get to actually create your own CGI Paris Hilton porn. I don't know why you would, because
that seems like an awful lot of work to me but I guess you could do that have
you seen the new Paris Hilton commercial yeah why are people getting up like an
uproar with that it's just you know Paris Hilton being stupid and slutty and
you know with a burger is it just me or is she really the wrong person to be
selling let's wait here hamburgers does the bitch look like she eats anything
no she seems more like a sausage hotdog type person to me I don't know if she
can handle the burger is bigger than she is okay honestly folks the burger is bigger than
she is she'd be like oh my god can you cut that lettuce in half please that is way too
much for me like oh my god the whole thing was just an excuse to use her tagline that's
hot which isn't even really a tag why does she have a tech why she have a show all she's
done is like, oh, there we go. Saved by a phone call. Hi, you're on Orange
Lounge Radio. Thank frickin' God, stop the Paris Hilton
crap. Actually, it was kind of inadvertent. We actually
didn't mean to start doing the Paris Hilton chat, but I just, I had to get that out about
the commercial. All right.
You could have spared all of us, you really could have.
I'm sorry. Hi, Jason, how are you? Hi, Rob, I'm pretty good.
This is the man with the internet penis, ladies and gentlemen.
No scripting on Konami polls needed.
He just keeps pressing the vote button over and over and over again.
Oh yeah, it's me.
I'm sorry.
I'm not...
Uh, no.
Did you write the script, Jason?
No.
Did you?
No.
Are you lying?
Nope.
What's on your mind?
Um...
I...
Well, I had Paris Hilton on my mind, never wanted it out, so...
Who hasn't had Paris Hilton sitting on their head, huh?
well me until now
since you wrote the site now i see now even getting other people calling into
those people have to wait to show my figure not the right
uh... you we haven't talked to you since he three was over what do you think of
the old e three and konami's showing eighty three
everybody was talking to you because i couldn't go and people are all that
don't tell them to go to hell
uh... believe me i think it's not good
that that to me that the main thing to do we'll go next year will be filed
answer it better
definitely go what do you think of konami's the lineup this year
i want to see a full thing of the group of loose
all with that you know you know i'm surprised there was like a minute long
clip that show i don't know i know that i are now
got a video of it did not get a deal that way i don't know what he's doing
with the video or where it went
but he got a video works for us now right so maybe we can have something up
maybe we can have something up
I will ask Mel about that just for you, Jason, if he did get a video of that.
I'm surprised Shane didn't get a video of that.
Mikolatov, how many times did the Groovles perform throughout the whole thing?
I think it was like three, four, and three.
So it was like ten times they performed.
Mikolatov was at least at seven of them.
At least.
I took a bunch of pictures.
You did?
Which you can see on Orange on Dream.
Oh, what a lovely plug.
Lots of Groovles' pictures on Orange on Dream.
And the Q-in grinned at me.
He was upside down.
You're all cute.
That's a good reminder that our E3 picture galleries are coming online.
Get this.
We're only through two days of the show, 500 pictures already on the site, and only one
of them with me in it.
And we wonder why we're having bandwidth issues right now.
I smile every time I see an iPod commercial now.
Why is that?
Were you the one that told me that the Grooviloos were the iPod commercial Mosaic people as well?
Yes, that's what I was told anyway. The Grooviloos are the iPod shadow dancers. And the thing
is that they are also going to be the shadow dancers in one of the new DDRs. We never got
a clear answer whether it was UltraMix 3 or Extreme 2, but one of them, the Grooviloos
are actually UltraMix 3 modeled. Is it UltraMix 3? That's what they kept saying at the show,
but then I heard someone at the end say, no, it's Extreme 2. So nobody seems to know. But
But the Grooviloos are being motion captured for, or somehow the moves are being inspired
by that.
So that's, if you like the dancing in the iPod commercials, you're going to see it on
your ditter game pretty soon.
Are they going to be the competitive dancers in the quest mode in UltraMix 3 perhaps?
I don't know.
What little bit I played of quest mode, it wasn't really set up like that.
It was just, it was very similar to Mission in a way, kind of.
It was a thought.
Yeah, that was a good thought.
Interesting one.
Very good.
By the way, also included in Dark Sakura's pictures, tons of screen caps.
You want to see what the song banners for some of the new songs look like?
She got it.
Got all of them for DDR Mario.
Yeah, you want to see DDR Mario?
Go look.
It's all there.
Yeah, you people.
Have fun.
Go look at our website and don't put us over bandwidth.
Yeah, don't forget to look into that, Jason.
I'm working on that.
I'm already working on it.
Kisses.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
i'd just wanted you guys to stop
it
well if that's fine what will go off the air right now we are we are not going to
do no no no no no no no no no
we got confidence to sleep in them you know
uh... familiar says the millions to cast and uh... you know i think you know i
don't have to be talking about my private life
uh...
all right
uh... i guess we'll hang up and let somebody else call now jason
I still want I Feel Toy Remix to be in BeatMania USA.
I think that would make a very, very good crossover.
I'll play I Feel Toy Remix just for you later, and you can imagine it.
How's that sound?
That would make me very happy.
All right, we'll do that.
Thank you, Rob.
You're welcome.
See you.
Bye, Jamie.
Bye, Matt.
Bye, Rob.
No, you cannot leave us.
You must come up here and visit.
Oh, God, I want to.
We kidnapped.
All right.
Come to our dog castle, where we are.
Bye, Jason.
Bye, Rob.
You know who the original old school goth is?
Elvira?
No.
One!
Two!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Three!
Four!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
You know what?
We had Count Chocula too.
Oh, that's true.
Count Chocula was goth.
Hi!
You're on Orange is Odd's radio.
Hey, it's Doobs.
Hey, Doobs.
What's up?
I was just bored and listening to you guys talk about the Goths, and it was so funny. As you guys were talking about that, I was reading Maddox. You guys ever heard of that guy?
Is that the one that makes fun of the pre-school freaker art on his site?
Yeah, that guy. That guy. He's hilarious.
Yeah, that's a pretty funny site.
Yeah, I was reading and he was talking about the Goths, and it's so funny. He just destroys them. It's hilarious.
Okay, now, to be fair, we're only teasing, you know, we like everybody equally.
Except emo kids. I mean, hi!
No, no, no.
I'm against the emo kids also, it's really funny.
Remember, down the road, not across the street!
I have a couple funny stories about the emo kids.
I know that, like, there's this arcade I go to normally, there's this kid who is just sitting on the ground, right?
And some cop guy just came up and told him, oh, you can't sit there.
So this kid just looks at the cop like, shoot him.
So he's like, god, OK, whatever, you know, I'll send you up.
And he starts like crying and runs away, like, what the hell?
You know what I don't understand?
This is one of those generational things.
This is when I really begin to feel old.
Because back in my day, they didn't have emo kids.
But this is why I don't understand.
Everybody says emo sucks.
Emo kids suck.
I've never heard anybody say,
I'm an emo kid,
leave me alone.
Nobody ever says that. I want to be emo when I grow up.
Seriously. Where are the emo kids?
Where are these people that suck?
I think you all are making fun of something that doesn't even exist.
Okay, no. Okay, if you want to see the emo kids, just like walk around I guess like a
mall or something
and look for kids looking at the floor all the time.
Can I shop at Hot Topic? They've got video game shirts, come on.
And Cool Pants. You've got to admit Hot Topic has cool pants. You don't have to be emo to know that.
Yeah, they're pretty cool. And I don't even like Hot Topic much.
Alright. Anything gaming related you wanted to share with us?
Yes. I got a bunch of triple A's today. I'm happy.
Congratulations. Now, how many new triple-A's did you get?
I got a triple-A on Holik, a triple-A Wakalaka, a triple-A on Sexy Planet.
That's not Megamix.
And I passed PSMO on Shuffle.
But that's not a triple-A. You just passed it.
No, I passed it, but that's awesome.
Okay, I know. So that's four.
So, your DDR penis grew by a whole four centimeters. How does it feel?
It feels great.
Okay. Alright. I'll see you guys later. Go hump something. See ya. Bye. Bye.
That's wonderful. I would, you know, Dr. Drew or something. Yeah, go hump something.
For better. Well, he's got his penis grew by four centimeters. It's time to go hump something.
Maybe he saw the new parasol pin. No, he triple A'd, weren't you listening?
Oh, I'm sorry. I was looking for something that actually made, you know...
I don't know. You ever sign up for one of those sites like NNR
or Groovestats, I think is another one for In the Groovestats?
Any of those sites where you can compare your DDR scores
and you can issue challenges to each other and stuff like that?
Challenge one, go outside.
Challenge one, run around the track.
track. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hello? Housekeeping? Welcome to my castle.
Candygram. You are on the Orange Lounge. Seriously, you there? Can you hear us? I would be a negative.
Well, it's one of our regular callers. Oh, he hung up. If you kids are unsure if your
Skype is working or not give a echo one two three a call and you can always test
to make sure your schedule you can't add echo one two three three to your buddy
list but you can give echo one two three a call so give echo one two three a call
and you can test if your Skype is working and see what you sound like
amazing all right let's go to our cage match for tonight boys and girls oh wait
no no let's not because I was I was not done with the NNR and group stat thing
it okay please explain to me what the point is about all these challenges and
stuff like OMG I'm gonna challenge you on this song and I'm gonna be better
than you on this song I have no idea because people are fundamentally stupid
well I don't know I mean a lot of people do this like if I were to sign up for
something like that I would do it for myself to track my own records because I
believe it's the one place where in the groove really is superior to DER is the
memory support, where the memory card on PlayStation, that whole link thing, eh, not so hot. But
the USB in the groove is awesome. And so really with that, you don't need a freaking website
to track your scores, but on DDR you kind of do. So I could see myself signing up for
websites strictly to track my scores on DDR, to watch my own improvement, because it feels
good to watch yourself improve. But the whole like challenging other people and like OMG,
I got one more great than you and all that stuff, I don't get that. Who cares? Who cares?
No matter how good you are
at DDR, or at 2DX, or at Pop'n Music, or at any of these games,
or at Goth Dancing, or whatever, there will always be somebody better than you
somewhere out there. You may not know it, but somebody out there is better than you.
And the person who's the best in the world,
there's somebody better than them at something else.
That was my
motivational thought for today regardless somebody out there is better
than you so stop trying all right let's go to the cage match tonight boys and
girls we'll do more Skype calls later I think people are afraid to call in now
because I I wasn't really making fun of that last guy I mean I was kind of
congratulating him I don't know what you guys problem is way away away all right
Um, we gotta go to the cage match. But in order for me to go to the cage match, I've gotta find, uh, Loki's song that he wanted played.
I hope I can find it, or we're in trouble. Do you remember what the file name was?
Um, I believe it started with a D.
Uh-oh.
Oh, God. Do I have to look it up again?
maybe this isn't good it's two letters it starts off as something something and
then dash all right let me I will look for that so that we don't waste too much
show let's just like I'm worried about I'm gonna reorder things a little bit
let's go into playing that song from Silent Hill 4 and this is one of the
songs that's in the new song packer I don't remember if it's song pack 10 or
11 I think it's on pack 10 this song shows up in and it's really weird you
you guys. This is a really weird song. And that's kind of the reason I want to play this.
They should put a dog song in there. So that you can hear kind of how weird some of these
DDR songs are getting. So this is Waver, the slide mix. And we'll be back after this with
the cage match
Believe it or not, that's from the new DDR song pack.
One of the new ones.
It's Waver, the slide mix.
Very odd Akira track there.
You know what?
The original was so much better, but totally not danceable.
It works for Silent Hill, I guess.
I could see that in a Silent Hill game, but for DDR, that's kind of weird.
But I have to admit, it was actually not so bad to dance to.
It's just different.
But you can't say there isn't a little variety in your USDDR games, so there you have it.
Alright, um, before we get into tonight's cage match, I thought we'd go ahead and let
Loki do a sim update if you have something for us.
Loki?
That's a good question.
I don't think we do though, but at least last time I checked, which was yesterday, um, let's
give it a- oh!
I forgot, actually, I forgot one the other day, um, not that you really care, but guess
what step mania alpha something or other release candidate 3 came out and what
can you expect in that I don't know not much different but hey it's a new
version of step mania and I know what I completely forgot that they're even
updating that thing to be honest because it's been that long but yeah new version
get at stepmania.com be sure to you know upgrade it and I think there might be a
driver missing so you might have to download that too but um it's not that hard to find
i found it pretty quick but anyways um let's see what's going on in the sim scene because
i know as far as um uk stuff um ddr uk hasn't released the official packs yet but i think
they're getting pretty close there they have to just tweak a few things on um on them because
they actually ripped all the music and the images and all that stuff um using a certain
program but um let's see here well I'm not having much high hopes here for the
fan mix stuff but no nothing nada pretty much Siberia style 2.6 came out that was
the one that was very similar to techno fiend I actually downloaded and tried it
out it's pretty cool it actually works with this release candidate 3 so that's
pretty nice and then d3mix 2.5 four songs have been announced for that but
they haven't really launched anything and really if you want all the news like
no up-to-date and everything there's a website be music report they can go to
And really, there's nothing there. Ooh, wait a second. Hold on. Hmm, what have we here?
Apparently, I would be wrong. No, actually, they did announce something, or it looks like
there's screenshots of Food Mix 2. That's kind of neat. Just basically some screenshots
to show you what's going to be coming up, and if it's not a surprise, you know, it's
up to the same quality as the original Food Mix, if not better. So, take a look at that,
and more to come soon enough. Oh, a video. There's a video of Food Mix. So, we'll check
that out.
The videos will make great radio, by the way.
Well, I'm not going to play the video because it's on a different computer.
All right.
But anyways, if you're interested, you can go to http colon slash slash phone mix.
That's f-o-o-n-m-i-x dot nothing dot s-h.
I don't know what you know about these mixes here, but Laser123454321 in our chat room
is yelling about DDR9 Red has some early release version that's out.
DDR9 Red is basically the 2DX Red skin for, um, or theme for, um, StepMania.
And DDR Extreme VS4. I don't know what that one's all about.
It's just the DDR Extreme skin.
Oh, fun. More skins! More things to change in the workflow.
Skins, skins, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Honestly, folks, just stick with Siberia Style 2.6. It's the best one out there.
Actually, Technofeen, they were supposed to be doing some interesting stuff with that, so I'd have to check into that, too.
Because I know there's a few versions coming out, different colors and stuff.
So, it'll be interesting.
Alright, let's go into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
The way the cage match works, we put three songs up against each other.
Last week's winner and two brand new ones. One song from each of us.
You have to be in our chat room to play www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat because it's your votes that determine who wins.
Last week we didn't have a cage match actually. For the first time in about 100 episodes we did not hold a cage match of any sort because we were too busy talking about E3.
so by default this song ended up getting a second week in rotation imagine that
so we'll see will it survive one more week and get closer to retirement on a
personal note I really hope not but we'll find out
Darth Punk is song number one Ted Koppel's gin and juice you voted it in
here it is a clip because it did win last time and then you'll get to hear
two new songs in their entirety. Here it is, Ted Koppel.
George's close to the White House today confirmed that the President is laid back
Now that I got me some Seagram's gin Everybody got they cups but they ain't chipped
in Now this types of shit happens all the time
You gotta get yours but fool I gotta get mine Everything is fine when you're listening to
the T.E.D. I got the cultivating music that be captivating
who listens to the words that I speak as I take me a drink to the middle of the
street and get to mackin' this bitch named Katie. Katie current? She used to be the
homeboy's lady. Oh that bitch? 80 degrees when I tell that bitch please raise up off these
NUTs cause you get none of these at ease. As I mob with the dog pound field
that breathes biatch, I'm just.
earthquakes rocks Tokyo Japan today as residents were laid back residents in a
small New England town are terrified as a mass murderer is laid back later on
that day my homies all right that was a clip of song number one Darth Punk Ted
couple's gin and juice. Didn't that originate on something awful? I'm getting a nod, yes.
Yes, it is. Oh, that site's fun. I have vetoed putting that into the fortune cookie so many
times. That site is fun for the whole family. It is. Yeah, definitely. They should be showing
that website in Mormon churches everywhere. Alright, let's move on to song number two.
Song number two is my pick, my pick.
And I picked this song because it's a cover of ABBA.
And I can't get enough ABBA covers.
And this is actually from a new song.
I think it's supposed to showcase, like,
unknown dance artists, because it was called, like,
Future Dance or something like that.
And I never heard of anybody on the CD.
And this miss was actually pretty good.
I kind of liked it.
It's a little different, considering
the original song is very slow.
I liked what they did with this.
So this is DJ Tom Delsar with The Winner Takes It All 2005.
Enjoy!
I don't wanna talk About the things we've gone through
Oh, it's hurting me Now it's history
I've played all my cards If that's what you've done too
Nothing more to say No more race to play
The winner takes it all
We're lost and in small
Besides the victory
That's heard after me
I was in your love
Thinking I'd be lonely
I figured it'd make sense
Building me a fan
Building me a home, thinking I'd be strong there
But I was a fool, playing by the rules
The gas makes no one die, and my love's cold as ice
And someone's way down here, losing someone's ear
And it just takes it all
To make you have to fall
It seems I'm in this place
Why should I complain?
But tell me does she kiss
Like I used to kiss you
Does it feel the same
And when she calls your name
Somewhere deep inside
You must know I miss you
But what can I say?
Roots must be your bae
The churches when you die
The lights are clear by
The canes of the storm
Always sayin' love, the pain is gone again
Love won't understand, the same thing I just saw
The way that makes it all
I don't wanna talk, if it makes you feel sad
And I understand You've come to shake my hand
I apologize If it makes you feel bad
Seeing me so tense No self-confidence
But you'll see
The winner takes it all
The winner takes it all
oh
me
oh
me
oh
oh
me
Alrighty, that's song number two in tonight's cage match, DJ Tom Del Sar, the winner takes
it all 2005.
Did that song take it all or are you going to, I don't know, take a crap on it?
I don't know.
Let's see, Dark Sakura.
That song was really good for me to take a big old shit on.
I mean, it wasn't too bad. It's, again, trance. A very generic trance mix of that.
And the original was so good, I guess, you know, I like Gaba.
But that gets a five. It was just mediocre. Not exciting.
Loki.
I could've sworn I've heard that song before, like, just as another trance riff.
It's very similar to Erotic's version. It's not...
They do some different things with the vocals, but it's somewhat similar.
p0k3smot42o i like it, its abun, since aba is a bunch of fuckers and they are never going to reunite thats the best thing we are going to get
and that was fine, but this one was just a little too long for me, so I give it an eight.
Uh, all right, let's go on to song number three, Dark Sakura. What'd you pick for us tonight?
I've been wanting to put this song in the cage match for the past three months.
Finally, now that Demon Days has been released, I can legally put this song in the cage match,
so it's Gorillaz with Dare, which is actually going to be the next single.
All right, here it is, a sneak peek at the next single from Gorillaz, and it's Jamie's
cage match pick, DARE song number three. Enjoy!
On you, you just think that that's what you really want
Hold it down, baby
Just feel the moment when you feel
Jump back and forth, feel like you really want
I can't get enough
Never take no harm
Never take no harm
It's a day
Call me up, call me up, call me up, call me up, call me up
It's a day
It's a day
You've got depression on you
You just make it, that's what you do baby, hold it down, yeah
Just feel the moment, just like before, feel like you were laying yourself, working out
It's comin' up, it's comin' up, it's comin' up
It's the goal
You've got to press it on you
You just think it's that's what you do, baby
Hold it down, yeah
Jump real slow and move it
Come back before you feel like you were letting yourself work it out
You've got the pressure on you
You just appreciate that's what you do baby
Hoping that I will stay
Jump with it all and move it Jump back and forth, it feels like you will make yourself work it out
All right, song number three in tonight's cage match, Gorillaz Dare.
I dare you to tell me if you liked it or hated it.
Dark Sakura.
Ten.
Of course.
Gorillaz.
Any reason?
Actually, this is one of the better tracks on the new CD.
It's definitely the most upbeat track on the whole CD, because most everything else is really dark.
But this one was really cool, and it was...
What's-his-name from the Happy Mondays is one of the other collaborators on that track.
It's pretty cool.
All right, Loki.
It was pretty funky. I'd give it an 8.
it funky eight that's it all right Bradley I like the girl is on one on one
track it didn't really get didn't really catch my attention very well I'll give
it a seven for now um I you know what I actually really like that song and if I
think more of the gorillas music sounded like that I'd probably be as much of a
a fan as Jamie is so I kind of wish they do more of that sound so I'm kind of
excited that it's the next single because some of the remixes ought to be
good so I will give that song I'm at the same time though I'm starting to get a
little burned out on gorillas and gorillas related things in the cage
match so I really hope I know it was Sean Ryder that's why that's why I'm
gonna give it a five but and I'm not gonna dock at any point so I'm gonna go
ahead and give it a nine. Alright, let's go ahead and recap, and then it will be your
turn to vote. So here it is, the three songs you can vote for tonight. Song number one,
last week's winner, Darth Punk, Ted Koppel's Gin and Juice.
Well, today confirmed that the President is laid back with the mind of the money and the
money of the money. Now that I guess.
Song number two, DJ Tom Delsar, The Winner Takes It All, 2005.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Gorillaz Dare.
All right place votes now send a private
message to Sky in the chatroom with your vote for song number one, song number two, or song
number three. We'll tally him up and let you know who won. So send that private message
in now. You don't have much time. No dilly dallying.
Oh. Yes, Loki. I'd like to mention I did watch
the video. It's of a new song called Manhole, and that's like, you know, Manhole in street.
know not as in, you know, something else. Anyways, it, oh man, FoodMix2 looks awesome.
The interface is really cool and the videos are just about as good as they were last time,
so definitely one to try out once it comes out. But in the meantime, you'll just have
to live vicariously through the video. The weird thing about that video, on what website
can they get the video on? This is on, it's http colon slash slash food mix and that's
F-O-O-N-M-I-X, all one word, dot nothing dot S-H and there'll be the link on the top there
it'll say, so that's food mix dot nothing dot shh, yeah, that's shh, shh, shh, it. Exactly.
And they basically have a 20 meg video you can download plus five screen captures.
And you can check out the brand new song which is pretty good but I didn't get to listen
to it when it was playing because we had other music going at the same time.
But it looks pretty cool.
And go check it out.
Now what amazed me most about that video, the little bits that I saw kind of watching
over your shoulder there is that it appears that it has solo steps.
Oh yeah, how many people actually take the time to create solo steps?
Oh, now you're playing it over there, huh?
Well, I'm playing the music, but it's got this, like, little pig-bunny thing
ring around the background and looks pretty cool.
I really like the way Food Mix is put together.
I think it is one of the superior mixes.
Of course, I haven't looked at a whole lot,
but I think it is one of the better ones out there.
This is a weird song, too.
Can you put the mic up to the speakers so they can hear a little bit of that?
Interesting.
A little funky.
what's the name of that song
manhole
that's just bizarre manhole
and uh... yeah there's a manhole but it was great though and I'm going to fast forward it here into like the
end
teehee
manhole
but they have like really cool thing
like a little spinny flower thing and then
and then uh... they have like they're just their backgrounds and stuff they have a lot of
animation going on the menus and stuff and that's what's pretty cool about it
I think at least.
It looks pretty cool.
Anyways, so just go check it out.
Alrighty, last call for CAGEMATCH votes. Get those in right now or your vote won't count.
Na na na na na.
I don't think we talked about this a whole lot last week. Pump It Up,
the brand new thing coming out there, Mad Catz is publishing it.
A whole shitload of songs is going to be in the new release of Pump It Up
coming out here in the US.
Now, I know a lot of the DDR Freak people went and got to take a look at this. Did you go, too, Dark Sakura?
No.
I don't care about Pump It Up.
I would have gone, just to check it out, but okay.
Um...
But what about Run To You?
Bounce With Me, Bounce With Me. Not even in there. I know, and it's not even in there. And that's the
first thing I noticed, too. I'm like,
where the fuck is Run To You? What's the point anymore? What's the point? How can you have Pump It Up? They've drained the lifeblood from Pump It Up
in the form of Run To You.
I recommend that for the next break, by the way.
At least they have Beethoven's Virus.
Beethoven's Virus is a really...
Even if it used to be a ringtone on my phone.
People whore the shit out of that song, but it's still really good.
It's kind of tough, too.
And they do have Funky Tonight.
So that's kind of cool.
Yeah, but no DJ Dot.
But this is what's really interesting.
They actually put K-pop in a US release.
I think that's kind of neat.
I don't know why, but I think that's neat.
But of course, then again, if you look at DDR, they do have some J-pop songs.
they don't bother translating like the B4U stuff, you know, it's kind of neat.
You need to put in like, you know, some more inflow. You know, it's not capable.
Well this is really weird, and then they mix that with US pop. Elvis, A Little Less Conversation.
Why does A Little Less Conversation have to be in every single music game?
I don't know. Earth Wind and Fire, Let's Groove, The Crystal Method, Name of the Game.
Okay, that's pretty awesome.
Sugarhill Gang, Rapper's Delight.
I am glad that they have, that's actually pretty sweet right there.
And then a bunch of other songs I've never heard of.
They need to put Name of the Game in fucking DDR.
Make like a hardcore DDR mix.
Well didn't they have Busy Child or what song was in Max 2?
Was it Busy Child?
It was Busy Child.
But Name of the Game has, you know, the kickass, Name of the Game, that song needs to be in
Beatmania.
If you want to put licensed songs in Beatmania, that song right there, cause it has tons of
crazy scratching and that would be perfect. Perfect.
Alright. You kids want to hear who won tonight's cage match?
Yes please, yes let's. Alright. Uh, it was another one
that came down to one freaking vote.
So if you think your votes don't count, you're full of crap.
Your votes count more than the US elections.
Your votes count more than any of ours
too, remember. Because even though we rate the songs here, we go all Simon Cowell on
them, they don't really count in the end. It's your votes that count. So the winning
song by one vote... Oh, yes, I want to mention something real quick.
Since you mentioned Simon Cowell, brand new American Idol type thing that's going to be
going on, but dancing this time. Oh, hooray, I'm so excited. Do you think any
DDR players will be in on that nope no all right I just thought I'd mention it
because you know one it delays finding out who won and two it sort of had you
know you know a little bit of can I get to the cage much want to know I guess
gorillas dare one love you chat room one vote over the abbot cover I love you
chat room hey good people didn't have the good taste not to vote for Ted
Yes, Ted Koppel, and then on the other side of that, the Ted Koppel song got one vote.
I wonder who voted.
We need to find that person and be the other side of the hill with the wet-rolled-up newspaper.
They actually said in their vote, and I already closed the window, so I forget who did it,
but they actually said in their vote, I'm voting for it because nobody else is going
to vote.
How prophetic.
We have ourselves a psychic in here.
Alright, um, okay.
I am happy, I am pleased as punch, to quote an old expression from the 50s, I am pleased
as punch that Jin and Jus is the fuck out of there now.
And the heavens parted, and the choir of angels came forth and said, woohoo!
Loki, don't you ever do that again!
Oh, don't worry, it's coming back.
I'll stick the puppy dogs on you.
Oh, we'll make a remix of that and girls or something, you know?
Oh, Christ.
No, anyways. Speaking of remixes.
Let's go to a break, boys and girls. Let's play my song! Yeah, what song am I going to play?
I was going to do the dancing stage stuff, but we can do your song.
You can play the dancing stage stuff then, that's fine. Alright, what song?
Oh, all of these on here that I haven't... Okay, wow.
Okay, so we got this Blondie song. Here, I'll pick some good ones out for you.
Okay, please do. Okay, let's do... Is this the...
Oh, is this that song that I think it is? It is? Yes, I want that one. Except there's no...
not really many lyrics in that. Oh, sucks. And then, um...
Get It On. Okay. That'd be good. And... So we're gonna play I See You Baby,
Get It On. And maybe, um, Some Girls Are Super...
Yeah, that's super good. And then, we'll do Four. So, All Right as well?
Um, oh, oh, oh, um, actually Circles. Okay.
So we're gonna hear music, and what's the name of this game again? I can never...
Stage Unleashed 2 it's your European version of Ultramix 2. Oh very cool, very
good. All right here it is started off with I See You Baby and then we're gonna
get into Get It On. Sounds hot. Some Girls and Circles. So this is the Europe
version of Ultramix 2. So let's see if it is yet another release over there that
has better songs than us. We'll see. Probably. We'll see. Here we go. We'll be
back up to this.
I know y'all know what I'm talkin' bout, don't be lookin' at me like that, now, I see ya I see ya, get busy with it, make it on down
Oh, this party's got it going. Oh, oh, ow. Whoo!
Uh, what? Take it on down.
This is the house that funk feels, group of mama style
Got this human that's blowing my mind
Can you play it, cause it's cool
If you do it for me, I'ma do it for you
Hey DJ, home and request time
Got this human that's blowing my mind
Can you play it, cause it's cool
If you do it for me, I'ma do it for you
I know where you've been so long been wild
Oh my god, look who's screaming
The stairs looking firewood
No color, people hop on the road
But it truly outtakes you
It's real fucking loud
I wanna hear my voice over the radio
Get it on, get it on
And I wanna hear my voice over the radio
Get it on, get it on
Call the caller on the line
repeat the message underarm
Spin this record one more time
You request it and rewind
Get it on
Spin this record one more time
He requested that we would watch
Hey DJ on the new crash line
Got this shizhir and that's growin' my mind
bill- approach, cause it's cool
You do it for me, I'ma do it for you
Hey DJ on the new crash line
Got this shizhir and that's growin' my mind
bill- approach, cause it's cool
You do it for me, I'ma do it for you
You wanna hear my bodyHa condition on the radio
get it on..
get it on!
and I wanna hear my bodyHa condition on the studio
Hey!
He calls me when he wants
Hey!
I've got a pair of zippered boobs
I go and shake my hair and loose
I never take my eyes off you
Oh no no, oh no no
No I don't think so
Oh no no no
I'm waking up
I'm waking up
I'm waking up
I'm waking up
I'm waking up
I'm waking up
I don't shake my hair, I don't lose I never take my eyes off you
I don't know, I don't know, no I don't think so
Ooh, love don't always get like the one I wanna
All I think you get is the other
Dreams are number one, let's forget them
It's the only way to make you feel better
Get loose and fancy free
My baby waits for me
He likes to put his own red coat on
He wants to tell me the things he's done
Such a strange way of having fun
No, no, no, oh, no, no
Anyway we go
Ooh, love can always get worse
And on and on
It seems to get way too bad
All you can say is
Love can always get worse
All you can say is
Love can always get worse
Love can always get worse
All that we need to get is the other other dreams of number one
Less forever it's the only way to make you feel better
You're just my good time
You're just my good time You're just my bad time
You got me screaming my calls
Seeing nowhere at all
You got me so obsessed
And way over my head
Just one good try
Just one good try
Just one good try
Just one good try
Didn't mean to make you paranoid When I'm the lady of the boy
Have to leave you like a boy Don't have to over-analyze
I'll just have fun with other guys You should listen to this advice
You're just my good time You're just my poor time
You're just my good time You're just my poor time
You're just my good time You're just my good time
radio
We're back boys and girls
So what do you think did the Brits get better?
On the Xbox second mix it sounds a lot better. They got some fun stuff
You know I agreed that they have some fun stuff, but I don't think they have it any better
I just think it's I think it's the same. I prefer that to
I'm not gonna say cause I'm nice
Bucky?
I don't know.
I like some of their club music, but I don't like the Blondie.
Blondie can stay far away.
Blondie's cool.
Yeah, Blondie's cool in the 80s.
Blondie's not cool now.
I don't know.
Remember Maria?
From the late 90s when they reunited?
Maria!
I don't need video.
I don't know, I actually do think the top of Blondie's popularity was about Rapture.
Rapture.
It's a little stupid rap about the aliens.
Do you know that Rapture was like the first rap song or whatever to top the billboard
or something like that?
It like was a pop song that had rap in it.
I know, but they say it was the first rap song to ever top the charts.
I'm like, dude, when I think of rap, I don't think of Debra Harry.
It's all about Grandmaster Flash. I think of Tupac.
No, no, no, no, you need to go older.
It's all about the message.
How about, um, the dude, how about Flava Flav when he used to wear the huge clock around his neck?
I had, I had some, um, public enemy in the pre-show.
Oh, I know, I know.
I put 9-1-1 as a joke in there.
Flavor Flav!
Then he started hanging out with Brigitte Nielsen, who wondered about the house naked.
That was my Flavor Flav impersonation, by the way.
Flavor Flav!
Okay, I'm gonna go hide behind the chair now, thank you.
Come on, tell me, tell me that's not a good impression.
Flavor Flav!
Well, I'm traumatized now.
Hey, to get you to stop saying Flavor Flav,
slave, I'd like to interject this random moment of trivia. I've just read that Woot, W-0-0-T,
is the third favorite non-dictionary word.
What's the first two?
That's a good question.
In what sense that's used on web tools?
Ginormous was number one and confuzzled was number two.
Me so confuzzled.
Followed by Chillax.
What the hell did they scan?
I've never heard that one.
Chill, chillax which means chill out slash relax.
I'm going to go chillax.
Never heard it.
Did they, did they.
Cognitive dysplasia.
Where the hell did they get these words?
Did they scam people's live journals or something?
No, it was a contest.
It was like.
DDR freak.
Um, cognitive dysplasia was um, the feeling that you have before you even leave the house
that you're going to forget something about.
You're right.
That's a total DDR freak post.
But cognitive is actually a word.
Can someone explain for me why they won't put Japanese songs on American DDR? I'm so
confuzzled.
I don't know. Then they have OMG REACH PACK.
Followed by number six is GRIPTION. You know, my tires need GRIPTION, and PHONECRASTINATE
means putting off answering the phone until it displays on caller ID. SLICKERY, having
a service that is wet or icy, snurt, snow that is dirty, and lingweeny, a person incapable
of producing neoglisms or something like that.
Alright, who cares?
Whatever the hell it is.
You know what?
That was stupid.
Whatever.
Skyplines open, boys and girls.
Call us.
www.oranslaundry.com.
Click on interact with us.
If you're really confuzzled at everything that's going on.
You have cognitive dysplasia.
I like that, you know, those two words there.
And if you've ever tried to eat and snurt, if you've ever tried to eat snurt-y, if you've
ever tried to eat yellow snurt-y, we want to hear from you.
Snurt's not a fucking word, who the hell comes up with this stuff?
I've never heard anyone use the word snurt ever.
Ever.
Ever.
Alright, be quiet, we gotta call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey. Hey, what's up? Who's this?
BlackDevilRx. Hello, BlackDevilRx. What's on your mind?
Um, confuzzled should be stricken from the English language.
You know, I tend to agree. Confuzzled is kind of a weird word.
I'm trying to think of other things I see in blogs way too much that ought to be banned.
Like what?
I don't know. How about just...
How about over usage of exclamation points? I don't know.
How about leet speak?
I want the number three, just the number three to be panned.
We'll go around and break everybody's three keys so they can't type leet.
They can't use leet speak at all.
Anything on your mind gaming wise?
No, not much. I'm kind of waiting for you on three to come out.
normally out three three
yeah yeah what do you think that they had some of the earlier
uh... we've gotten a lot of many had so much he's
good stuff
it's a lot
but it works
so how can you tolerate
though the not staying on key
family key gravel gravel
uh...
sorry i don't know it's probably just my system i have it's really old
no he did she's not talking about you know she's going to happen
okay
i didn't understand that i realize dark soccer could be pretty blunt with people
but she does have to act
but but but but but but but but
i don't know
and and and and be nice she's making fun of me head
nice i'm not making fun of him i just don't think he can sing very well
He should get somebody who can sing. Well he has sold records and CD's and he makes money.
It's called Paula Carey but what's her excuse?
Go out and buy a MIDI head CD. People still buy, you know,
crap like Britney Spears and she can't sing either. Touch. Oh, worse than that.
People watch that freaking show on UPN.
What is it, Britney? No, no, no, wait, wait, wait, stop, stop, stop. Nobody watches UPN.
Ever. Wrestling's on? Uh-uh-uh. I watch Girlfriends every Monday night, okay?
I'm just kidding I don't okay but I'm kidding I'm kidding oh my god I just
watched the WB oh god excuse me um weren't you a Buffy fan if I recall if I
like Buffy and I only watch UPN because Buffy went to UPN oh my I don't like angel I don't like
angel angels a whiny bitch anyway before we got there on TV chat what was that oh
Oh yeah, the Britney thing. Apparently on this show, what?
Nothing?
I thought we were talking about midiheads.
I'm just laughing at what she said.
How did we get the midihead to UPN?
Hold on, I'm not done talking about Britney Spears yet.
Britney Spears, apparently on her show, reveals herself to be a total nymphomaniac.
Like she always talks about sex.
That would be hard if she wasn't pregnant.
But since she's pregnant and fat and nasty...
And that would also be...
And she's smoking too, right?
She's a fucking baby killer.
And that would also be original if Madonna hadn't done it 15 years ago.
You can't have a baby genius.
The baby needs to grow up to be a pop star, so she has to smoke at an early age.
Well, her little sister's giving it a go.
I have a friend who went to high school with Britney Spears.
In New Orleans.
I'm sorry.
So was he.
Anyway.
Hi, Black Devil or X, you called to talk about games?
Still here.
This is what we do to our callers, don't worry about it.
Yeah, so hopefully no Britney on Ultramix 3, although
the Extreme 2 kids are getting some Britney, but it's gonna be covered.
Huh? People got angry. Oh my god!
Oops, I did it again! Oh no!
You know, I think somebody in that thread actually put it best when they said, well if you think about it
I did it again is so old now like it's getting to be like you know five over
five years old the song if you can believe it the song is so old now it's
getting into that stage where it's funny to make fun of it again you know it's
funny to bring it back for nostalgia value kind of like like vanilla ice is
right now as well yeah reality show there you go under pressure yeah the
Vanilla Ice got to, you know, bow Madonna in her sex book.
Okay, thank you, randomness!
That is a good point. He has scored some cool points from that.
And Ninja Rap.
Yeah, Ninja Rap. That's up there.
It's up there in the big pile of suck!
Go Ninja! Go Ninja! Go!
Oh, and you know what rhymes with Go Ninja! Go Ninja! Go!
Konami! Konami! Yo!
I know that's what I was thinking.
I swear to God at E3, the announcer guy would be,
KONAMI, KONAMI, YO!
And then they got all of us going,
I was just moving my mouth going,
this sucks, this sucks, yo.
And I was thinking, go ninja, go ninja, go!
I just said, ninja, ninja rap.
Thank you for depressing us, BlackDevilRx, with your phone call.
You're welcome. You are so welcome.
We like us from the distraction here.
You're getting us in the mood for the goth club.
Digression is our middle name.
No, lounge is our middle name.
I'm going to wear all black and I'm going to listen to depressing music.
I'm a real abyss prince and a sorrow.
Okay, the joke is about an hour and a half ago.
Goth talk still cracks me up.
I'm on joke Hawaiian time.
Our caller's trying to speak, let's speak.
No, no, no, I'm just...
I'm finished.
You don't want to speak?
Well, you could sing or something, I don't know.
Thanks.
Serenade us!
I command.
Making fun of goth people.
I can't hear him.
He's saying keep making fun of goth people.
Yeah, you're getting quiet all of a sudden.
We're not making fun of goth people.
We're making fun of people who make fun of goth people.
Like you.
Wow, that was nice.
Hi.
all right we're gonna let you go before dark sakura says something really
honestly we're not having an asian drink
i'm not being am i being mean
all right you got served
wow that joke was like a couple years ago i know it was great
all right black devil or x you're bringing the showdown i need to let you
go i'm okay for fun no i'm kidding what do you want to say
um
go beat mania beat mania u.s
Yeah, I agree. Go beat Mania US, go right on the store shelves and into my house as soon as possible.
Shut up, Jamie.
Alright.
Have a good one, BlackDevil or X. We'll talk to you later, alright?
Alright, I will.
Later. Bye.
I bet it's gotta be really amusing to be somebody calling into this show and just really not knowing what you're in for when you come and speak to us.
Let's get another call.
This is like one of those times that we need a random call from like Travis.
Hold on, hold on.
Travis, call us!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle fan club, you're on the air.
Hey, it's guy Siggy here.
Hey, what's up?
Go Siggy, go Siggy, go!
Oh, will you stop that?
We don't have to.
I'm getting sick and tired hearing that ninja rap already.
Come here and make us!
Damn!
Oh, what a good start. I like it when the callers berate us once in a while.
Yeah, but they better be ready to receive as good as they give.
Uh-huh.
Alright. Siggy, what's on your mind?
Well, uh, bimani-wise, uh, I finally, uh, on 2DX, I finally...
Who cares if it's bimani?
Sorry.
I finally triple-a'd the most common another, which is, uh, Komonta the Adieu.
Ah, okay, good.
Yeah, and, uh, I've beaten some, yeah, I've beaten some, uh, anothers as well, like Stoic and, uh, Murmur Twins.
Now, Stoic is some scary shit on another.
Oh, you're telling me.
Well good for you, so now your 2DX penis has just grown by about 3 centimeters, so congratulations,
go hump something.
Thank you.
And non-Vimani-wise, I'm planning to enter this Friday's World Series of Poker No Limit
Holum tournament.
Really?
Yeah.
Hmm.
And, well, you live in Vegas, right?
Yeah.
So that's going to be very interesting being there, what's, they got a prize or something?
i think it's not uh... the top prices uh... three hundred fifty thousand
dollars she
it's just only forty uh... minor on the old and the liminal internment
but uh... main event is going to be about five million
five million dollars for poker
i'm in the wrong job
i can play poker
not that i didn't play no limit i can make
i can play strip poker i play strip poker for free
well stroke progress based on uh... five uh...
five-card uh...
yet but i don't know whether it will end at the turn of texas hold'em or what is
it
x's all the moment
yes the texas hold'em like the big game right now because all the tv show on my
face your program because i went
ticket all the time idea beat him poker in there and they can
fucking women you know they don't want me to correctly and really just like
i agree fucking women
you can't do that
but that's not the point of the game
uh... again speaking of uh... stripper it's like it's been over a decade since
i've played a strip poker on computer
oh my gosh remember the old like strip poker games on apple two
no hold of the really
oh my gosh
like remember the apple to write the big computer that you could play uh... you
you know, Oregon Trail on and all that stuff.
My god, that hot, that very, very hot monochromatic green.
That's a nostalgic game, damn.
Dude, it looked like you were playing strip poker on an ATM machine.
Dude, that would be so awesome.
That's awesome.
Oh, and Illusion, screw you.
What did he say now?
Yeah, to an entity to see me lose on series of poker, well, screw you.
well you you win that money just to show it and then you buy by him something
ugly
uh...
like britney spears now
if you are able to uh...
by this i'm sorry if you're able to win this term that you will buy at the
studio right
uh... i don't know but i
haven't thought about it well
first you know first thing in mind is you know i might uh... moved to a new
house
now i suppose that's going to be done and i'm going to need to become friends
of michael jackson
uh... middleware not or you're too old
one america i can understand him
what what
i'm not even go there
all right anything else in your mind city
well nothing much else but uh... yeah i really want to come with eight
the song i don't know i gave you earlier you should do you know you should play
that
i'll think about it great topic about the complaint play my song
Oh yeah, I gotta play Loki, so I don't know if I'm gonna have time, because I promised Loki I'd play him.
Oh yeah, well, you know, if you have some room, you can play, uh, Viral Kanna.
We'll see, we'll see if we can squeeze it in somewhere.
Yeah.
All right.
All right, we're gonna let you go now.
All right.
All right, later.
All right, let's see if we have time for one more call.
In the meantime, uh, this clip here is supposed to have, I think, a clip of, uh, Genie in a Bottle in it?
I don't know. Somebody had posted this over on The Freak, so now I'm all curious.
because i think this is a clip of the genie in a bottle mix that's on d r
extreme
and if not it'll be movie time
and a good chance for us to make fun of some
e3 cam
it's the fan cam
i'm sorry jamie i'm trying
big helmet
oh that's right that's like gaessa
although i don't know how much you're going to see to tell you the truth
alright let's go
are you can hear the gene evolving
you both should i broke it
all you can see is the buttons will be
and then i don't know yeah let's give it the tutorials being skipped and then
they get okay here's the teen about doing her the sound like
all right guys
joel the fan cam does the d r
I can't hear this for shit.
No. No, I'm turning this off, because you can't hear it for crap.
If you want to check this out, though, it's on E3Insider.com. Just do a
search for DDR, and if you, like, turn up your speakers really, really loud, you can
hear it. You can hear what the new Genium bottle and DDR sounds like.
And, supposedly, it's actually surprisingly good.
Honestly, folks, if you want to know what Genium bottle sounds like, just imagine
a dance media cover. That's what it is, basically.
Pretty much.
All right.
Um...
We're going to get into the FUs of the Week very shortly here. I don't see anybody else
calling in, so we will do Loki's song, and then we're going to do the FUs of the Week. So start sending in the FUs of the Week right now.
And, um...
We'll get to that.
But, Loki, what are we playing here from you? Well, this is right here, like I said before.
It's not a...
really a remix. It's just kind of, I extended the song a bit and I added some samples on
top of it. I thought about remixing it, but then I figured out that the song, the portions
I have of the song, because it's only a minute long really, the original, I didn't have enough
to work with to make something. So, this is whatever crap it is. And I don't know what
the actual title of the song is, so I called it Acid. It's basically the theme that they
had playing in the trailer for Metal Gear Acid 2, and it was fucking awesome. Every
Every time I heard this song at the Kanae booth I'm like, I gotta get this song, I gotta
get this song, I gotta get this song.
So, I found it. I sort of extended it. It's pretty cool. Enjoy.
with the
me
the
That was wonderful.
back on orange launch radio by the way loki so anything else you want to say about that mix no
not really it's just awesome i just needed to make a version of it that could play in my car that's
about it who knows i might work on that later maybe to add something i am however going to work
on something because there's another song that i liked in another trailer and i found the trailer
today for coated arms that's going to be a remix of trip machine eventually but um this is just
something for now it's just fun just because I like that song all right we're
now going to get into a segment we do every single week here at the orange
lounge or radio that you guys are listening to and it's the F use of the
week Jamie why is it we have to do the F use the week every single week
Grr, argh.
Well, yep, I picked different music again this week because I just cannot decide.
Big SU goes to bloating.
I'm not going to say anything more about that. Um, an SU goes to my car being completely
un-driveable now. My fiancee, bless him, tried to hammer the fender back into place.
Well, I can drive it if I want to go left all the time.
Yeah, it's undriveable. Unsafe.
Sigh.
Um, also, um, you know, she was a nice lady.
Has always done a great job doing my haircut.
But, my hair got cut way too short.
And then, uh, you know, my scalp is still red from dyeing it.
So, big F you to that, too.
Um, F you to my nerves, and F you to me putting off stuff that needs to get done, and that's really, oh yeah, and a big ol' F you to my work for changing all of my damn job duties, while I was at E3! Yeah, big fuck off to that. Okay, I'm done.
First off, fuck you to everybody that's not on Final Fantasy XI because, you know, it's very quiet when I come online to play, you know, late at night and there's just me. I can't really talk to myself. It's not fun. And everyone else is Japanese and that doesn't work. So that sucks.
And everyone else is Japanese and that doesn't work.
So that sucks.
You'll get over it.
Or you'll quit too.
I'm not quitting. I have dedicated too much time to my character.
I will stay on until that game stops working.
Or I become level 75 in every single job and have finished every single bit of that game.
And then I'll sell my character.
And make some mad cash.
Um, then, uh, also, just, basically, you know, fuck you to Robot Chicken for sucking the last few weeks, and fuck you to the fact that I missed Family Guy tonight.
Oh, it's not on? Oh well. Never mind then! Family Guy is not on tonight, so listen to Arnold Schwarzenegger's radio.
Anyway.
And if you heard that, you already are listening to Arnold Schwarzenegger's radio.
Also, um, fuck you to Arnold Schwarzenegger, because he can act. And, um, he can't really govern either, so I don't really know what his talent is yet. He can lift weights! He should be a weightlifter. The end.
Um, and also, um, fuck you to everyone that's saying that this new commercial with, um, Paris Hilton is too scantily clad. Honestly, whatever. It's just blatant, you know, sex sells, you know, burger commercial.
I don't see anything wrong with that, to be honest.
Hell, if she's gonna be a whore, let her be a whore on TV.
At least she's, you know, scandal-clad and stuff and showing off her body.
Big deal, you know, honestly, cause that's what she...
That's her only talent, so just let her, you know...
Let her work her talent.
You know, eventually she's gonna do mainstream porn and that'll be, uh, happy.
And, um...
Finally, um, I'd like to mention, um, a fuck you to...
Uh, Patrick Swayze for being just all weird.
because he's coming to our work next week and signing autographs
so I'm actually going to get an autograph of his for some reason
and um... but he doesn't want anyone to sign anything that has to do with
older projects he's worked
worked on i.e. like you know
um...
dirty dancing or something like that and he doesn't want you to touch him in any way
aww so you can't give Patrick Swayze a hug
or shake his hand or anything he's like AHHH
you know it's like
Yeah, Patrick Swayze has come into my work. That's awesome.
But, you know, I just don't really care either. I'm hoping...
The best person that came to our work, actually, the two best people,
Pauly Shore and, um...
Oh, God, uh, Rob Schneider. My favorites.
Alright, I'm done. I don't really have anything.
an F you to me feeling selfish because I'm not getting what I want and that
makes me very sad and just F you to general blondness I've kind of been
dealing with the past few days and F you to feeling an utter lack of something
kostjamrh Yeah, I guess that's it. Was that cryptic enough? I don't know. Alright, let's move on. Bradley.
a skeleton computer or something new.
I'm hopefully going to do that soon.
That's about all.
Alright, let's go on to the chat room FUs.
Dynamite rage!
Chimaera
wants to give an FU to Goths.
Just remember, if you make fun of Goths, you still play DDR.
That would be Chimaera.
will come in i think you're going to be there
the c h is a hard case
laser wanted to provide for the one says f you to copyright enforcement
yeah that's actually what it feels a little bit work
yeah and i ask you to know i wouldn't
that's what you have here is that you know support life
for the tb ones
get into
and he accused as as you to myself for forgetting last week that
forum drama is retarded
i want more details on that one
dark knight says f you to working this weekend including monday and missing out
on the cookouts
men says f you to half the people i went to anime north with as they forgot about
me most of saturday
f you to the
to the my bank i think that men's fate men says f you to my bank as i was
unable to draw money for my account this weekend from ATMs and I can't find out
why till Tuesday. Dark Tetsuya says F you to trip machine survivor light I can't
seem to get it triple-a'd. OMG it's doob says F you to finals for being so damn
hard to study for. FU to DDR players that live in Ohio for being so friggin' good. And
last FU to you, Sky, for being sarcastic on my Skype call. Don't hate on me and my 4 centimeter
penis. I think he meant, uh, plus 4 centimeter penis. But isn't it funnier when I say 4 centimeter
penis?
you know that's funny it's like you know like final fantasy penis plus one you know penis
plus four centimeters oh and fu to florida because i have to move this summer and i don't
know anyone who plays ddr at morth black devil or x says fu to my mic system for being jacked
up i keep hearing myself echo fu to finals in two weeks fu to dark sakura for taking
my god-given voice away. No, just kidding, I was being mean. F you to missing the first
15 minutes of the show. F you in general that I haven't been able to listen to the show
in so long. An illusion says, F you to having to fix all the bugs and not knowing how to
have an exit function in my new game Oblivion. F you to having to censor Dammit Janet at
Karaoke last night saying, Janet, Janet, I love you, instead of the real lyric, Dammit
I love you.
No, no, no, no, no.
They should have censored it and said, fucking Janet.
Oh well.
Fuck off, bitch.
Oh well, we still get to do Rock Your Picture Show music, and that's the last one.
That's good.
All right.
Yeah, I agree that what you should do, Illusion, is your very last night at karaoke at that
place.
First off, stop going to a family friendly establishment for karaoke, but I understand
you're probably not old enough to get into a bar yet, so you can keep doing that for
now.
But then when you're old enough to get to a bar, do your last hurrah at karaoke, and
you've got the mic in your hand on the very last Dammit Janet go fuck off bitch
I want to screw and then just walk out before they throw you out run what are
they gonna do turn the mics off on you Oh No's
my ears are bleeding I heard body hurts and I'm going to go to hell for it I want to have sex with
It's the prostitutes now, Mommy!
Because I saw it on TV.
That's the nice thing about karaoke, where I go to karaoke, is that you can replace
the lyrics with
fuck off, bitch, I want to screw, and then they laugh.
I was remembering the toucha toucha one. That was funny.
Oh, fucka fucka fuck me? No, you went up there and confused me.
Oh yeah, who was singing it, Jessica? Jessica was. Yeah, Jessica, uh, Iguana Girl was up on stage singing Touch a Touch a Touch Me, so I walked up on stage and grabbed her boobs.
That cracked me up.
Anyways, oh yeah. Did we mention that we sometimes use foul language on this show?
This is your program, it's not any language.
We gave the disclaimer. If people are offended by it, you heard the disclaimer.
Fuck off. Yeah.
Alright. We're going to do another quickie break here.
I love internet radio!
Just an uber quick break here, and then we're going to come back with Ask Orange Lounge.
So you guys have a few minutes to get in your questions for Ask Orange Lounge.
You can ask us anything you want, within reason.
and send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your question. It's your chance
to direct the show
the way you want. We'll be back after this featuring some music from
DDR Solo because
I kinda wanna strut my funky stuff right about now, so we'll be back after this.
Get up, stand up, touch up, touch up, jump down
Get up, stand up
How you gonna be the attraction?
Don't you think you wanna stay to the wall?
Now you're so close, here's your reaction
You get out the level, make the big fail
Get up, you know when you got to go
Get up, you're out dancing on top of the moon
Here we go, here we go
Get up, stand up, touch up, touch up, jump down
Get up, stand up What's this you've been wearing up for now?
Standing by yourself in the dark You don't really wanna be your number
Come on now, get up and dance, dance in your pants
Can't be someone you don't feel
Ready to be who the monster's gonna be
That's, that's, that's, that's why, that's why
Get up, stand up, touch up, touch up, jump up
Get up, stand up, touch up, touch up, jump up
Get up, stand up.
Touch your body, step your neck.
Get up, stand up.
That's who that is.
That's my baby momma.
That's who that is.
That's my baby momma.
That's my baby momma.
That's my baby momma.
Know who that is.
That's my baby's momma.
Who that is.
That's my baby momma.
Know who that is.
That's my baby momma.
Know who that is.
That's my baby's momma.
Know who that is.
That's my baby's momma.
Why's it always the same old thing?
Want to be a man, yet you're playing games.
If you gotta kid act like a father it's a baby of yours, then hey would's you ride boy, now bye boy
And if you don't change you be cryin boy cause somethin ain't right
And you know it boy that's probably why you submit you behind a point
If you got more hoochie mommas than a 2 yard crewnow who dat is???
My baby momma, you my baby momma
My baby momma, you my baby momma
Your my baby momma, you my baby daddy
Your my baby momma, your my baby momma
You're my baby momma, you're my baby mama
Now yesterday you said you was with your boy
I saw you and Gina so hold the noise You know the girl that I'm talkin' about
That's right, I'm calling you, sorry, but I
Now I think it's about time that I put you in check
About who lost Texas at the local space
To all you fellas, this is just a game
Max is a lady tryna build your name
Wanna be a blood, tryna get a piece
I'll break your neck if I catch a disease
Round town soybeans like a farmer
You better beware your baby mama
Who that is?
My baby mama
No, who that is?
My baby mama
Now, who she is?
My baby mama
No, who that is?
My baby mama
Now, who that is?
My baby mama
No, who that is?
My baby mama
Now who that is?
My baby mama
Know who that is?
Come on!
Hi!
Do you really follow me into the light?
Drilling structures on, drilling structures on my side
Do you really recommend a bite of mine?
Love and peace is our fight
All for one
Come together friends, we gotta take this dance tonight
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
Come work up
Drill instructor tell me what to do
Drill instructor tell me what to do
I'm your man, I will follow only you
I'm your man, I will follow only you
See us makin' love all through the night
See us makin' love all through the night
That's the reason why drill instructor loves to fight
That's the reason why drill instructor loves to fight
Now sound up 1 2
Bring it on up, 3-4 Bring it on down, 1-2-3-4
Do you really follow me into the light?
Drilling structures on, drilling structures on my side
Do you really make a mess of kind of life?
Love and peace is our fight
All for one, come together friends We have to take the chance
Come together friends, we gotta take big steps tonight.
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music & More program.
Can we talk about that?
subject will ever be taboo. Well I was thinking maybe we should move pump up
the volume from Tuesday nights. Except of course the subject that was just on our
discussion. Okay well what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of
the tack music we play on the station? I collect your fucking head. Just like this
fucker here. Oh my god why did you do that to
Loki, the holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki's saying nobody gets the episode 69 thing anymore. You're probably right.
I wasn't even here for episode 69.
Which in a way kind of makes it funnier when you consider all the holic thing, you know,
but anyway.
Let's get, we actually have quite a few questions tonight for Ask Orange Lounge.
Usually I'm having to beg and plead for questions, but people just want to know shit tonight,
so this is good.
Let's get to it.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
stupid question what will we find out this week on r's not r's radio we've got a lot
of questions and only ten minutes left of show so we better hurry through these questions
or some are getting left in the dust illusion wants to know question for loki you
often do remixes of babani songs but do you do any original songs if you do would you
ever released a CD? Um, I do original songs, but it's been a long time. We've played some
of them on this station before. A long time ago when you did original stuff. Why'd you
stop? It's just, I was using old programs like EJ and stuff. Lazy. No, not lazy, it's
just the sound samples I didn't really want to work with, and I tried to upgrade programs
and stuff to something that would be more fun to work with. I don't know, I don't know.
We'll see.
Maybe.
Well, now, you did put together a compilation CD, but it was only, like, you only did, like,
two or three copies of the CD, right?
Well, yeah, because I have all the files.
Originally, it was going to be one of those create-your-own-CD-type situations on, like,
a website.
Of course, web hosting, you know, it's not too reliable, so, meh.
Yeah, I hate that.
I just can't find any websites with, like, unlimited bandwidth or anything.
All right, let's move on.
Jin4576 says Namco Cross Capcom came out in Japan recently.
Do you think that it will come out here in the U.S.?
Of course.
My answer is yes.
Yes, it definitely will come out here.
In fact, I think it's already been announced.
They just didn't show it at E3 for whatever reason.
So I expect you'll probably see it at what, Christmas time?
What do you think?
Probably.
Does that sound good?
Yeah, I like that idea.
It'll come out here.
I think that's too big a game to not come out here.
Laser123454321 wants to know,
What would be a good licensed song for Beatmania USA?
what they could do that would actually work pretty well. Just do some Guitar Freaks crossovers
or something like that. I mean, they've already got the files. I mean, like, the actual samples
and stuff.
How about just take some of the different drum stuff? Echo Image, Midi Head, Hello.
Exactly. Oh, my God. Midi Head stuff. I mean, that's, I think, where they should go. And
Toe Jam. I bet Toe Jam's going to be in there. Just because it's, you know, a different drum
song and it was in, you know, the 2DX.
A big idea is a different drum, but I know I know what you're saying. It was the u.s. Song and now it's in happy sky
Yeah, yeah, who knows?
We need I up personally ill I I really want echo image skulk or at least some echo image song
That'd be cool
Chimera since I got criticized for my pronunciation wants to know
Yo, do you think it would be ethical to cheat friends of their souls like in a game of high-stakes poker?
Absolutely not. If they're stupid enough to bet it, then they're stupid enough to lose it.
Like, if you're going to sell your soul for a donut, I mean...
Or sell your soul for $5?
Or sell it on eBay?
It'll be a fucking good donut.
Well, technically, your soul's not free to sell, actually, because it's, you know, it's just energy field around you.
So it's really impossible to sell that, because I don't think you know a way to transfer it away from you in the first place.
Also, shouldn't Maddox get his own forums?
No. I wasn't aware he didn't have them. But you know what, he doesn't need them.
Maddox, he doesn't care about people's input and stuff, and he would just annoy the hell out of them.
Honestly, he has a book coming out, okay? He has a book deal coming out, so just
read the book. Honestly, I read his site all the time
just because it's funny, and I agree with his point of view. Like, for example,
his latest one, I Hate Cameron Diaz. I hate Cameron Diaz, too.
It's because of that stupid MTV show that she does now.
And if you show yeah, she goes to all the parts of the world that are that are poor like
You know Africa and the Amazon and blah blah blah
He doesn't need forums because people talk about him on other forums. Look we're talking about him now. This is free publicity
He didn't pay for
He didn't need forms. It would just be annoying. Trust me. He wouldn't do it. I
Wouldn't want him. Yeah, I wouldn't do it
Chubbs wants to know, what is the circumference of your left wrist?
Well, that's a good question. I don't have one of those bendy rulers, though, like a
fabric ruler that you would use to measure fabric that can, like, bend around. I don't
have one of those, so I can't really measure it. I know this is radio, but it's about that
big.
Well, let's see here. Okay. Now, everyone knows that, you know, if you point your finger
like a gun, that is how big your penis is, supposedly, okay?
What?
So if that's...
What?
Supposedly.
Hold on, hold on, I'm looking at something here, oh never mind.
So I would say roughly the circumference, well I need to go in the bathroom for a minute.
I would say mine's about 7 inches around.
Yeah, I'd say about that too.
My wrist.
Let's see, if it's...
Who cares?
My thumb is just touching my index finger, so...
You're supposed to use your, from your index finger from your knuckle, between your knuckles
I'd say 12 inches.
Forget it.
12 inches length.
You're right.
Did I say, can you lick your elbow?
Forget it.
Um.
Ahh.
Dark Knight wants to know, oh Sky, I finally got an MP3 player that can handle multiple
episodes of Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go now.
So the only thing I worry about now is losing it because it's a small-ass MP3 player.
put it on a string and wear it around your neck. That's the only way I don't lose things
is to wear it around my neck. That's what I have to do with my work badge. If I did
not wear my work badge around my damn neck, I would lose it. I don't care if I look stupid
wearing my work badge around my neck or I look like a girl or something. I've never
lost a damn thing and I've never had to pay the $10 replacement fee. So there you have
it. If you don't want to lose it, wear it around your neck. Agree? Disagree? No comment?
Put a giant freaking chain on it. Duct tape. Duct tape. Duct tape it to your forehead.
You will never lose it again. Also, when you pull the duct tape off, you'll have big red
welts. Go welts. Whoops, that actually wasn't supposed to be a question on air. That was
a question to me. That was a private question to me. For those of you that like to have
private conversations with a host during the show, that's fine and good. But just keep
in mind, if we're in the middle of a segment where I'm soliciting private messages, you
might get caught in the middle. Just a warning. It's a good thing he didn't send something
that says like, oh man, I just, I just cheated on somebody or I don't know whatever it is.
I go and read that on here. Yeah, we read that one time. Oh my god, I secretly read
Brittany's first part. Hey, remember that one time that Ryan's girlfriend called in
for Ryan and Ryan wasn't here and just, you know. Oh, I just shot myself in the foot.
Omgitsdoobs wants to know, why do all goths think they are vampires?
That is bullshit!
Some of them think they are succubuses.
I have never once thought I was a vampire, or a succubus.
Some of them think they're freeeeeee!
Okay, you need to drop that, because that is old joke, okay?
And Ross gets together and say on the very server!
Oh, why is that so funny? I don't know!
Oh, because she's a fat cow! That's why!
Of course, for those that don't remember, this is dating back to the old livejournal community.
You know what?
On livejournal.
This is just more of a case of people making fun of what they don't understand.
I learned that she can become a fat cow like that.
I'm not talking about the stupid bitch she deserved because she really was an idiot.
But I'm referring to this whole, oh let's make fun of everybody who's
goth or whatever.
You know what?
Don't poke fun at what you don't understand because it just makes you look like a big weirdo.
Why do all DDR players think they're Asian?
I can ask the same thing.
See? And they don't. Unless they happen to...
but i honestly am i'm defending the goth here okay suicide girls dot com is
fucking hot okay
the goth chicks nearly seven seven ninety
oh now he has more questions here
oh and why is paris this is again from omg it's dupes
oh and why is paris hilton so famous for making a porn video
i wish i could get a girl famous for having sex with me just so i can say
doomy there's a future in it
it
uh... yeah
There's a future in it.
DO ME NOW!
Honestly, she's famous probably because she's rich, because her parents are rich.
She's famous because she
blew her way to the top, literally.
DarkTetsuya wants to know, if Konami were to make a new challenge remix, what song
would you like to see?
Cowgirl Survivor. No, shut up! Shut up right now!
I need a challenge remix. Oh, like Oni. Yeah, remember back in Max 2 when they were trying to keep the series fresh, you know?
Well, then I fucking want Butterfly Oni. No, I guess we already had that.
You can't do that, the lights didn't show. Ah, shut up.
Can we do UltraMix 2 stuff?
I suppose. How about Gyruss?
I guess you could do that.
That's what I want. I want Gyruss.
No, what they should honestly do is like, you know, I don't know.
I thought the whole idea with doing those Oni remixes was a cool idea. I mean, it kept the series fresh. It was like, ooh, that's kind of neat, you know, because they remixed, you know, all these songs, and then they just said, you know what, we just don't care anymore.
Let's give them another erotic song and put some iToy support in there. You won't know the difference. I'll shut them up.
We'll change the color of the interface, and then we'll tell them that we're starting over and we'll stop.
I think it's time to put the nail in the coffin of this lovely program known as Orange
Lounge Radio and this mediocre show we had tonight.
I hope you found it to be as okay as I did.
Download our podcast, which is sure to be ten times better.
No, I'm kidding.
I kid.
Our show's awesome.
We're the best thing ever.
And so, you know, congratulations, you're a part of it.
Your final thoughts, Bradley. The loudmouth who can't shut up during our show so we can do a show here. Bradley, your final thought.
Uh, yeah, goodbye. And good fish and stuff like that.
Loki.
You know, the brand new trailer for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is quite creepy and I want to see where the world's now. I don't want to wait until the end of the month.
Dark Sakura
These people are pissing me off
Reject ball psychons. Fucking make fun of Britney Spears!
And my final thought is I hate myself and I want to die
And I gotta go get that shirt out of the dryer so I can wear it tonight
And I have to go back to my castle
Dark Sakura
Every day I polish my revolver, and I shoot my head, like a rock star.
Alright, the final word of the show, I'm taking it tonight, because I don't get the final show often enough.
Tonight's final word, one word to sum it all up, you guys.
Oh yes, before I give you the final word, don't forget, check out our website, check out our podcast, vote for us on Podcast Alley, vote for us on Live 365,
listen to the other shows that are on during the week, which is just Jamie right now, on Tuesday nights, and give us money.
Alright, the last word of the show is snirty.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
I'm searching and I'll melt into you What a fear in my heart, but you're so supreme
I'd give my life, not for honor, but for you
In my time, there'll be no one else
Just cry, miss the way I fly to see you
I'm still in a tree-snake-eater
Someday you'll go through the rain
Someday you'll feed on a tree frog
It's your deal, the trial, to survive
For the day we see new light
I give my life
Not for honor, but for you
In my time, there'll be no one else
Crying, it's the way I'd like to be, ooh
I'm still in a dream, Snake Eater
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright kids, we're going to go tape the podcast, so we gotta go, and that means you're
You're going to get dumped and you'll be returned to our-
You didn't put the retarded ferret on the katamari.
My bad.
I can't do it today.
Aw, poor thing, alright, we're leaving.
We'll see you later, have a good one, we'll see you next week.
Bye!
And you're getting dumped to our Beomime Music More program, so reconnect to the stream in
15 seconds.
Bye.
