🎵
Orange Islands Radio Live episode 140 is coming to you right after this song from Distance
sounds time after time.
You're all it to me, call it it to me
Flash back, warm nights, almost left behind
Single piece of memory
Time after sometimes you picked me
I'm walking too far ahead, you're calling to me
I can't hear what you said, can you see
Go slow, and I fall behind
And a second hand unwinds if lost
You can look and you will find it
And I love the time
If you fall I will catch you
I'll be with you
Time after time
After my picture phase and darkness has turned to grey
Watching through windows, you're wondering if I'm okay
Secrets stolen, deep inside, ape inside
The drum beats out of time
Plus you can run and you will find it, time after time
If you fall I will catch you, I'll be with you, time after time
If you're lost, you can look and you will find me
Time after time
If we fall, I will catch you while we wait
Time after time
Call it it to me
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 140.
we are in our brand new studio on tonight's show. We get used to the new studio, get ourselves
acquainted with everything going on. Also, we're going to talk about the live 365 awards
and how everything went over there. And then we're going to talk about the recent story
we had. We're famous, so we'll talk about that. And plenty more when we come back after
this intro, which by the way is a recycled intro, so I apologize. But we'll talk about
all of that and the reason why you're getting that right after this we'll be
back with Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Orange Man Radium Live, Bismarck Talk Radio, and so much more.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of bu-bu-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 140 for May the 1st, 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio Radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live.
You're home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer
community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
To me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner say hello to dark Sakura
Ooh
And we are still trying to get used to our new audio setup tonight you guys so if I'm Mike sound kind of weird
Then we apologize. We're trying to get used to this new Studios, and we're not quite there yet. Yes
Right. Do you know me? I am so famous we're gonna talk about how we're famous. We definitely have that um
um who isn't here tonight is loki uh he's not here yet we're hoping he gets here a little bit later
in the show but he's not here right now so filling in in the meantime we have the one and only
likey style the whiter and skinnier version yeah something like that actually try this microphone
because for some reason this one's like really quiet can you hear me now yeah good that one i
shouldn't use because it makes my voice too loud but this one is just fine there we go all right
Alright, so that one.
Alright, good.
You got like chicken grease all over it now, what the hell?
I licked it, actually, because I do that to things that I believe are mine, I lick them,
so nobody touches them.
How do you mark your territory?
Yeah.
You know how when somebody asks, hey, can I have a bite of that?
You're like, sure.
Ahhh!
Still want one?
At least you didn't take a piss on it.
Yeah, at least I'm not like a dog who pisses on my territory.
Also joining us, say hello to Miss DDR Angel.
Hi, um, I'm here, now what?
I don't know.
you tell me it's on also joining us say hello to the ice princess hello god we
haven't seen you in forever yeah like hi I'm done okay
Queenie as always what can you say usually when I stick something phallic
in his face he doesn't shy away from it oh all right um we're gonna go to a
quick break after this break of some opening music we got a lot to talk about
tonight first off I want to apologize to there was a new intro tonight but I've
just been very very busy with like moving and the Lion King cuz I went saw
Lion King today I saw the Lion King I can die now a question what he came out
years ago no no no the play stupid to play oh cuz of course I I knew there
was a play what my god what a hole you've been in fine fine doesn't work
We'll be back after this break.
Out of my fucking beer!
Oh god, here he is.
We were wondering where you were.
Well, maybe you're fucking...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm not in a fucking good mood. I'm sorry.
What's going on?
I'm fucking tired!
I was just asleep because I've been driving all goddamn weekend!
I'm so damn tired!
Oh look, there's a parking lot just gonna part four fuckin' blocks away!
Ooh, that'll be fun!
Alright, in with commercial break?
Yeah, we'll be back after this.
Featuring some verse!
Some DDR and Guitar Freaks and keyboard media.
Some Bhimani verse.
This is the first episode of New Studio. We'll be back after this.
Oh
and
and
and
and
Bum Bum Fire, Bum Bum Fire Bum Bum Fire, Bum Bum Fire
It's the light of your life
People listen to me now, shake me up nice Pick this burning flower up and be for seven
to be loud I'm looking for my stars
Guess what you'll need, you know what?
Don't want to die, don't want to die, yeah
Don't want to die, don't want to die, yeah
It's playing to your life
Please don't listen to my word
So uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moo-Kaw-Kee?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tag's done.
hey guys we're back here with more orange lounge radio starting off in our
brand new studio we picked up and moved the things from Folsom and now we are in
a town called Rancho Cordova it's all still Sacramento so you know for those
you guys are curious where we're at we're just moved down the freeway a
little bit that's all so and I apologize because our audio levels are a little
bit screwy tonight and I really don't know the best way to fix them so we're
just gonna kind of adjust them as we go along tonight because I know it sounds a
little weird I think I sound very amplified I don't know you want it you
want always amped up I know Jamie sounds great I always sound great I don't know
maybe it's just the mics we kind of played mic roulette to a little bit to
try and bring some quiet people up and some loud people down but now I'm like
too loud it's weird I don't know anyway turn yourself down where which one am I
I don't even know which one I hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oops
This is awesome radio. I know that check check. Okay, fine. You're listening to mic check radio
Yeah
Imagine that that we got nominated for that live 365 award thing two of them and the award show
The award show was last night
what Ultraman stop distracting me over there so we're nominated for two best of
life these five awards so we went to the little shindig they had last night and I
think we I think we looked pretty hot I gotta say we were certainly unique no
that's very drunk all these random people keep coming in here hi um is that
Anyway we're trying to do radio. I'm just gonna close my eyes so I can't see
people keep coming into the studio. The best of the Y365 awards were last night.
We went to the shindig. We didn't win but that's okay. We're cool with it because
you know when we when we looked at the chat room because they actually had the
chat room being projected on the nearby wall so we could see the chat and see
people talking about you know the awards and stuff. When we looked in the chat
room there was like six or seven people yelling like just screaming little fan
boys and fangirls and that was so cool to see so I really appreciate you guys
that joined us there in spirit last night and were yelling things probably
offending other broadcasters but that's okay some of them need their feathers
ruffled a little bit honestly but actually we met some very cool people
we met some very awesome other broadcasters I sure did so we were very
happy about that and then we also met some well we didn't really meet them but
we also saw some people that were kind of kind of jerks and we had no idea how
they were winning awards but that's all right that's the nature of the business
them's the breaks so we had those and we will break them in the future so we had
a good time and thanks you guys for getting us nominated even though we
didn't win it was still cool and we'll just try again next year all right um
also we're famous to anybody who saw us in the paper here recently and is tuning
in because of it welcome I swear our shows are usually not this disorganized
but it's interesting because the article that ran in the Sacramento Bee which is
our local paper pretty big paper around here it talks about how we do the show
every week in our Folsom apartment but when they interviewed us it was like
five weeks ago or so it was a little while ago so we've moved since then so
we've had been dealing with all that so we're not actually in Folsom anymore
We're still in the Sacramento area, but the story was very nice. It's a very lovely article. What'd you guys think? I?
Thought it was nice
It was nice. That's what was bigger than everything sort of in the shot
Your foot was very beautiful for those of you guys who haven't seen it yet. They put a giant picture
It's on the front page of the scene section, which is you know, like the I guess entertainment what's going on around town
Second front page huge picture that takes up like a quarter of the page. It's huge. It's Matt's foot
With me and Jamie looking on in the background. It's just this ginormous foot. It looks like a Monty Python sketch seriously
so
Matt was very elated to see that picture and show all his friends look my foot
Yeah, I just added to the excitement of this entire weekend. Yay
He was the first comment on my live show. He's like, I love how the only picture of me is both my foot
I started laughing that was funny I think it would have been cool if they
had actually put a picture that had a minute but yeah that would have been
nice but no that's never gonna happen all right well what we're gonna do now
we're gonna start the show so usually do although we got some tangents there
that's all right I just want to talk about those things real quick we're
going to be doing a little bit of how is your week how is your day where we go
around and find out what's going on in people's lives so and I know everybody's
got a lot to say. We weren't live last week, we were taped, we still had a new show, um,
and I hope you guys are tuning in, because there were two cage matches to vote on last
week, and we're gonna talk about the winners of those very shortly. Um, but first, a little
chance to catch up on the past two weeks, and your day. So start off with the lovely
Dark Sakura. My week was complete and utter shit. And when I say complete and utter shit,
the only way it could have been worse is if a house fell on my car, which I expected it
to do on Friday. Wednesday I actually got up in a really good mood and I was all happy.
Go out and my trunk is open and my window is rolled down. They stole the CD player out
of my car, the fuckers, including a really good Gorillaz compilation CD that I put together
to listen to in my car. But they didn't take anything else, which I should be grateful
for because my Bond CD was in my car too. But it just, you know, it was sort of like
the icing on the cake for me that day I was stressed out for school and I
finally just ended up staying home that day because I was too stressed. Next day
I get in my car I'm driving to work and this guy driving a taxi van pulls out in
front of me and I run into him. I have pretty bad muscle contusion which in
like normal people's terms is a big bad bruise around my hip and a pinched nerve
And now I'm on Vicodin, Flexeril, and 800mg of Ibuprofen and lots of alcohol to make me
feel better.
I still need to find out, because it's totally not my fault, but I need to get the guy's
insurance company to pay for the damages to my car.
I can't drive my car.
We can probably hammer the fender back into some kind of shape that I can drive it in
now, although my alignment is a little bit off.
but it's not undriveable except the fact that the fender keeps rubbing against my right
tire.
Um, nobody was hurt, um, well, I was hurt, but the other guy was nice too, so I don't
want to hear anyone saying, oh, well that fucker this, or, you know, fuck him, because
he was a nice guy.
He really was, and I feel bad for him too.
Oh, thank you, I got a yea from me being on Vicodin again.
I do actually do pretty damn good writing when I'm on Vicodin, so maybe I'll start writing
again um and then it was just a whole bunch of just different crap but it's
been a really weird weekend because I got made a moderator on the gorillas
unofficial board which is one of the big ones there run by a really cool crew
there I also we went to the live 365 awards and where we were gonna go over
that later I won something on the list a little bingo thing that they did I'll go
over that later too and something else good happened but for the life of me I
can't remember what it is it's like I can't remember my life anymore unless I
read my damn live journal other than that though it's been I've been a weird
combination of either going from incredibly elated to just super
depressed over everything so if I'm in a weird mood blame the Vicodin all right
yeah and I didn't play anything okay let's go over to Loki how was your week
how was your day dare I ask well this last three weeks have sucked it's been
just busy I haven't actually had time to rest my new jobs just stressful as hell
and I'm just tired yesterday I drove 200 miles to the San Francisco today I drove
200 miles to Oakland Oakland and mind you this was about seven hours after I
I drove to San Francisco and back.
So I got back today and I'm tired and just I'm hungry because I haven't eaten that much
today and yesterday and it just sucks and then this week is going to suck more.
Just one big huge thing of suckage and then Comcast decided, you know, hey we're not going
to hook up the cable right and then, you know, that didn't work all week so I couldn't actually
play final fantasy 11 or anything that sucked so I can get back to that finally
and then what else no not really much of anything then Jonas didn't show up with
food yeah he was gonna come tonight and bring food he's probably the only person
in town that didn't show up tonight that's all right though you know if you
make a commitment to bring food god damn it you better show up because I count on
this food no I don't know so yeah that it sucked today I got to hang out with
Nellie's grandparents who can't speak any English in fact they go we can't
speak English and English are the first thing they said to me so they okay and
they're all you can't speak English and because they didn't know how to say you
know can't can you speak Russian so they like you can't or can you speak English
and then she kind of like shook her head like no that's alright no like ah wrong
words yeah and then she was interesting Tetris no that's not the international
it's the international game of peace didn't you know you should have whipped
out your copy of Tetris and been all do you understand Tetris no instead I
I played Ridge Racer and it's getting goddamn hard now, since I, once you beat, um, um,
Pro Circuit, um, 18, that's pretty much the actual official end of the game, and then
from there on it's all really hard shit. So I got the Beat the Devil car today. That sucked,
because it just uses nitros constantly, but I rock and I beat it four times, so I eventually
got that. Then I unlocked the Super Rally X car, which is all pixelated. It has blocky
wheels that's funny so I got that too that was fun we have a comment from the
chat room www www.orangelandtrader.com click on chat legend is that who says
Loki I dare you to take some of Jamie's Vicodin I can't swallow pills so no I
don't think Jamie would give any of it up anyway oh she is she shouting no for
the bathroom I don't like fucking pills I'm fine I don't have a headache I'm
just starving so I'll eat some later I thought about stuff because honestly
before we came here okay I got back at my house at about 530 okay I said to
myself because I was exhausted you know after driving all day and just it just
sucked so I laid down like I'm just gonna lay down for a second my mom
calls me at like 615 says hey yeah she's trying to talk to me about the
a newspaper article because I left a message for her. I'm like, aw shit, I gotta go. I'm
supposed to be at the show already. Damn it. So then I get here, I have to park way the
fuck down the road, and for some reason I thought Rob's apartment number was like something
else than it was, so I'm walking around going, where the fuck is it? All these goddamn buildings
look the same! Aw, this sucks! So then I walk down to the end, I'm like, okay, count the
buildings that okay here you go here you go and then so yeah but that's not I'm
just tired I'm really tired you know it we'll get into that all later you know
about all the wonderful things that you encounter while driving long distances
mainly bad drivers yeah all that to come later on lovely all right who else is in
here let's go over to Arcadian 42 who joined us snuck in there a little bit
How was your week? How was your day sir?
Last week we went to Jamie's party. That was last Saturday. It's pretty fun to go down there and
to
MGL and
Dave and Buster's they didn't go till since last year played games and stuff like that. Most of the week was just work
getting the prepared for their boss to go to Europe for three weeks and
So that was that
Other than that, on Friday I went and saw Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which is a pretty good movie.
That was a very good adaptation of the books. Sort of draws from all of the books, but mostly, of course, Paul is the first one.
And then yesterday he didn't do much, and today he didn't do much, and he came here.
Alright, let's go over to Ice Queen, if he can take a minute away from PictoChat. How was your week, how was your day?
Oh, it was just wonderfully entertaining.
Actually the past three weeks have been, you know, pretty much wonderfully entertaining.
I have, in the last three weeks, spent over $1,000 on my truck, that piece of shit that
has no grill, whatever you call it, on the front.
So you look at the front of the truck and you see the radiator, which is absolutely
lovely.
After that, I pretty much just have been working, lovely new job.
I'm a paper pusher for $10 an hour, woohoo.
Other than that, not much, oh yeah.
I decided to try to get clever with my computer.
It's had some viruses on there that aren't being detected and fixed by the Norton Antivirus.
So I went in there on Friday night and followed an online chat, or an online FAQ regarding
how to fix this specific virus, the ISASS.EXE.
And not knowing any better, the fact told me that I should go ahead and go into the
safe mode, under administrator, and change the permissions for the user to deny.
Well, me not being any more aware than I was, I went ahead and did that, which then locked
up all of my Windows files, no longer had access to explorer.exe as the process, so
So I have no desktop, had no start menu, and I had no access to the MS Config feature,
which would not allow me to go back in and change my permissions.
So I spent the whole weekend pretty much just going through my computer.
Neil, you are a dork.
Anyway, I went through and actually Neil helped me out quite a bit.
Did most of the work.
He went in, added the software back in there and got everything working again.
So now I'm just waiting on the operating system to load back up, and hopefully I'll have my computer.
Oh, and yeah, World of Warcraft, I started playing that. That game rocks.
It's better than Final Fantasy XI, only because you can actually solo and not have to worry about it.
So yes, it does. Brett said that doesn't make a game better? Oh, it does.
I am antisocial, I hate people.
I'm still waiting for Ragnarok 2.
I'd rather build things up on my own, thank you.
Then it makes the game more suited for you, but other people like to play multiplayer
With the only games suited for antisocial people are those that are offline. Oh
You mean just all other video games. Yes
Okay, you can play Ragnarok online completely antisocial because I leveled myself into the 80s. Yeah by myself
Oh that Ragnarok online is the ultimate solo world online RPG
I don't know, actually this Guild Wars game everybody's been talking about sounds like a very solo-friendly game.
Blue Burst Beta will be out in a few weeks.
But do we get to play Blue Burst?
No, no, US Beta.
Do we have to pay monthly fees to play it?
Not for the Beta.
Oh, okay. Well, anyway.
What are you doing? You said you're playing as DS and you should be doing a radio show.
I wanted to join the Picto chat orgy so shoot me. Hey, don't go anywhere. How was your week? How was your day? Thank you, Stow.
Oh, fabulous. Um, no, it's been kind of sucky.
We have, uh, me and, uh, the Rice Princess are, both have jobs now and, uh, it's kind of hard to, when you only have one vehicle, to get everybody where they need to go.
So we've been looking for a car and every single time we go
To go check out a car
It is apparent within a few minutes that the people do not know what they're talking about and do not know how to take care
of their vehicles, so
Yeah
So far no luck. So pretty shitty. Oh, I went and saw Hitchhiker's Guide also today
We did we both went and saw it and it was good liked it
So yeah, I think it's a sci-fi movie for even non sci-fi fans
like even they would like it my favorite part and it's a big spoiler I feel like
a soap I think I'm a sofa uh-huh that one's pretty funny but I love the whale
yes yes the whale it's not a spoiler I doubt anybody like not many many people
have read this book it's kind of a cult thing yeah bunch of people's redhead
Yeah, like, but, when you say a bunch of people have read it, it's like, nothing compared to how many people have read the Bible.
You know, just because a few thousand people here and there have read a book, that may be more than I have ever met in my life, but hey, it's, yeah, it's not a huge thing, so, whatever.
I just wanted to share with the chatroom that they're not the only ones who feel like they have not seen the movie because I have not seen the movie, so don't feel too left out, you guys.
you guys. I'll see it eventually. Did you see Kung Fu Hustle? Oh my god! Go see Kung
Fu Hustle now! Honestly, if I had to choose between movies to see, and then when I went
and saw The Hitchhiker's Guide, I would have rather seen Kung Fu Hustle. Just because-
You haven't seen it? No, I haven't seen Kung Fu Hustle yet, but I saw Hitchhiker's Guide
and then, oh, Kung Fu Hustle is friggin' awesome. You know what I want to see? What I would
like to see is not paying $10 to go to a goddamn movie. That's what I would like to see. I
Like, you need to do that. You just go find the attractive looking gay guy at the movie theater place and just say, hey.
Yeah, because that's the universal mating call, you know. It's, hey. What the fuck is wrong with you?
Anyway, my week and my date, just been very busy with all the moving stuff that's going on.
What more can be said? I'm just so busy, but I'm so happy to have it all done.
and I'm finally moved in here and I'm getting comfortable in here and all that
and finally things will settle down and then e3 is just around the corner and
then we get to go into panic mode again so that should be exciting we'll see
what happens all right anyway what we're gonna do now and I'm I'm still adjusting
the sound levels kind of as we go along here so I apologize is this my mic here
I don't know maybe you should figure that out I don't know I'm so lost all
Alright, anyway, what we're going to do now is we're going to take a break and we're going
to play some new popin' music during this break.
It's brand new.
We haven't played this on the station yet.
It's Popin' Music 12, although it's really Popin' Music Iroha, but it's just frickin'
Popin' Music 12.
They're just trying to give it new names so that you'll forget that there's so damn many
of these games.
Like 2DX?
Yeah.
But there's a lot of good music in this one.
off with a remix of Star Mine. It's pretty interesting, so I'm gonna start
off with that. Also in this, you're gonna hear some new Akira Yamaoka, a remix of
the theme from Goemon is in here, and then the new Good Cool song is in here
as well. So we're gonna hear all that during this break, and we'll be back with
more Orange Lounge Radio!
One, two, three, four!
You
🎵
🎵To intosi, aloha mā🎵
🎵Mālo irikiki tsukushita wa🎵
🎵Tiki, tiki, tsuki kuchi🎵
🎵Asami ditaku dekuchi rewa🎵
🎵Lai, ni, ik, kuno🎵
🎵Kusuto ni🎵
I used to shake it, you used to screw me, we used to dive into the light.
You're just a shaking, you're just a grooving, we're just a shining silver line
Kie kaketa naku no ki wo kurau
Love is sweet as
Sayou ga oshi e te kureru
Omoite mano se naku re ni
Watsu e mona wo shinai yori
Just a-shakin', just a-groovin', just a-divin' to the life
Jumpin', jumpin', rushin' down all around, everybody get up, you can't get down, no
I am so shaking, you're just a prune, we have to start each other's lives
I'm just a-shakin', you're on the prowlin' heart
It's just fine, it's just fine
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 140, and we're in our brand new studio.
It's kind of interesting because it's a little bit smaller than what we were dealing with
before, but, you know, that's the way things go sometimes.
Yeah?
Oh, it's just a throwback to when the show first started.
Kind of.
It's a throwback to studio number one, which we were in for about the first, what, 50 episodes
or so?
I've got a much comfier chair.
Did you notice, by the way, we actually put the big, green, comfy chair in here just for
you, Darkstalker?
Yes, and I appreciate it.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
It was a bitch moving it in here, although, really, all I did was yell at, you know, Brad
and Bugs, too, you know, move this way, no, no, don't hit the wall, don't do it.
I greatly appreciate the presence of the chair in here.
It's nice.
And then, behind Darkstalker, now, she doesn't let us put her on the webcam, so we can't
really show you, but maybe we'll take a picture or something later, but you can see the Jay
and Silent Bob Strike Back poster that says, all you motherfuckers are gonna pay, you are
the ones who are the bollikers.
We have that right behind Jamie's chair, appropriately enough, I think, for her.
You are the ones who are the ball lickers.
Thank you.
Anyway, um, so during the break there we were listening to some music from, uh, the new
pop music, Yeroha.
What do you guys think?
Dark Sucker.
It sucked.
It sucked.
Very ass-worthy.
The Star Mine remake, you guys didn't like it?
I thought it was cute.
I don't think it's that bad.
I didn't hear the Star Mine one.
I only saw the Go-Emon one.
What?
The Go-Emon one.
I didn't hear it, but what was it playing?
Did it say Honey?
No, it's the other one, not Ryusei Honey.
Oh, the rock one.
Yeah, the rock one.
That is my least favorite Kiryamuka track ever, so don't ask.
I enjoy it more than 250 BPM, that's for damn sure.
Strangely enough, 250 BPM has warmed on me. I like it now. I hate that, whatever that new song is, sorry.
Sorry, I can't stand 250 BPM and I hate the crack baby in the video, too. I've always hated that so
Somebody hold a towel over the video and then I could pass it
If you do if it does sound like our audio levels are being fucked with don't adjust your settings
There's nothing you guys are doing
We are fucking with our audio to try and get the sound that we used to have in the old studio
Because like when I have the headphones on it's really bugging the hell out of me
So I have Loki our tech expert
Gauging the audio right now, so he's sitting there listening carefully and trained little knobs
So you can tell we were very well prepared for tonight's show, but what can I say?
I had to go see the Lion King today, so I had no time to prepare because you know
It's not every day you get to go see the Lion King
Yeah, well unless you're in the play
Yeah, unless you're in the play. I think it's bugging the hell out of you
Just because you could actually hear your voice now, and it's different, and I don't like different things
that's my problem hey you you're different get out let's beat him up he's
different all right you're not wearing a silly hat so while we were talking about
games hey oh I thought you were leaving I'm like don't worry yet because I want
to ask you about guitar freaks and drum mania V because you got a chance you
said you played drum mania V or guitar freaks V all right tell it because I
haven't played either one I saw drum mania V at MGL when I went over there
for Dark Chakra's birthday which I want to talk about your birthday party a little more
in detail than we got into earlier. But we went over to Milpitas Golf Land to play and
I saw Drumania V and I was like hey it's Drumania and I fucking suck at it so I'm gonna go over
here to Guitar Freaks. I didn't even bother to check out V. So how is the V series? I
haven't even really looked at it. Well I only really got one play in because I was running
low on time there so I only got one play at Guitar Freaks V. They didn't have Drumania
via our golf land up here in Roseville. So, that's unfortunate. I prefer Drummania over
Guitar Freaks. So whatever, I gotta play one game of Guitar Freaks V. The song selection,
I think, is better than some of the previous ones. To me, after Guitar Freaks V, the song
selection has kind of gone downhill. I mean, when they got rid of, was it, frickin' Spring.
Hotter Spring
So it's not really a very interesting new addition or useful addition.
Other than that, it seems like it's pretty much just the same old Guitar Freaks.
It looks like the resolution looks higher, it looks more clear.
So you're looking at the notes look like they scroll smoother.
It's like the fifth mix of Guitar Freaks basically, like GGR fifth mix, how they added that.
I mean, but other than that, it's no real big woo-ha, wow, awesome new Guitar Freaks, so...
I'll have to go check out the Drummania V first before I can give my final answer,
because I want to play a session. I haven't played a session in a long time, so...
I know, what's up with that? Like, Golfland and all those places don't really have, like, the session mode like they used to,
and the session was so cool when they had it, and now it's gone.
Yeah, they really should get a Keyboardmania V to go with the Guitar Freaks Drummania,
because the keyboard mania may not have been nearly as popular as the other games
um it was fun to have the four-person session that was always good times I
still want sax mania mania oh yeah or what was the axe freaks what was the
other one if it's the head mania the pole that you just yeah anyway sax
machine anyway uh Arkadia 42 I know you're big on the guitar freaks and
So I'm curious, you at Milpitas Golf only got to check out Drawmania V, so I'm kind of curious what you thought.
That's pretty much similar it seems. I didn't really notice the videos or anything just because I wasn't really looking at them.
I was just looking through the song list. The song list seems pretty good.
I noticed there was a lot of older songs that they brought back from various older mixes.
like void and what was the other one I really noticed like
oh crap I can't remember like wild ride which only showed up in one
was like a special track in one of them that only showed up and that one was
like seventh mix I think and
yeah it seemed pretty good the way they do the song select
only shows like five or six songs at a time it makes it harder to see what
songs are in it so that was probably the bad thing about it but
Otherwise, it seemed pretty cool.
I'd have to play it more, because I only played it twice,
and then we had to run off to Dave and Buster's.
So I didn't get to have that much chance to play it, and I
haven't been to Roseville Golf Land in like two months, so
can't really comment on Guitar Freaks V yet.
But yeah, seemed all right.
You know what's interesting is that while you guys were
checking out V, I was actually checking out 11th Mix of
Guitar Freaks finally for the first time.
And it's fun.
It's very pink, but you know, I had a good time and I played it. So, you know, what can I say?
Did you check out any of those to go traffic?
You mean yeah, you might beat me in the final. Yeah, was that the first time you check that out? No. Oh, okay
You know one game though
I want to kind of transition to this topic because I there was another game you got to check out for the first time
Tell us about it. I played the retard game. I mean in the groove
It's no holds barred from you apparently
It has good music. Everything else about it was utter and complete ripoff. I also don't like that you can't go backwards in the menus.
I realized that for the first time as well the other day when I fucked one of my modifiers severely. I could not go back. Unless there's a way you do it differently than DDR, but I figured everything else was the same as DDR. So the way you would move back would be the same and it doesn't work.
It was just really stupid.
Guess how you go back, you fail your first song and put more coins in.
What an ingenious idea, how to make more money.
It really wasn't that much of an... it wasn't really an innovation at all.
And the songs were longer, which in some cases was okay.
But overall, the steps were awful. I mean, really awful.
It felt like playing like a Korean mix.
There were some good steps in Korean third, but I'm talking about how many jumps there were and everything.
which I really hate doing, and it just, you know, it was like playing, like, um, like, uh, Konami of Hawaii's steps.
That's how it was.
That's a bad inside reference.
So, but you don't mean, like, UltraMix 2 steps, because those...
I mean, like, Konami's.
Oh, or like, um, uh, service, or, I keep saying services, song packs one through six.
Yes, like playing those.
Okay. I keep saying service pack. I always say service pack because I get it confused with Microsoft. Song packs one through six then.
Yeah. That's how, that's, it was Konami of Hawaii steps.
You know, I've actually played In the Groove probably two times, at least two times this week if not three. I don't know, I've lost count.
I'm warming up to it a little more but I don't know so I still I'm like I feel
like this is just something to hold me over until the real thing is back I feel
like I've gone from regular soda to diet soda and I'm still trying to get used to
that nasty aftertaste that you get from diet soda that's kind of how it is and
like I'm like you know as soon as they come out with a new flavor of soda I'm
gonna go right back to it that's how I feel about this whole thing once they
put the cocaine back in the coca-cola you'll be very rare to go you'll need
the diet because the cocaine will take care of that for you well so here's the
interesting thing what do you think it's going to be like on PlayStation 2 I
haven't put much thought into it it's not like I'm gonna waste my money on it
well here's the issue you might want to start thinking about it because guess
where we're going on Wednesday, you and I.
That's true, there's that.
Somehow, we have managed to get an invite to the In The
Group premiere party in San Francisco.
So we're going to go check out the In The Group on
PlayStation 2, and here's the great thing.
The invite said, no, I haven't told you this.
I was waiting for the show to tell you this, specifically on
the show, free drinks.
Oh, cool, liquor.
Now what I'm curious about is what if for every drink you
have to say something nice about In The Groove?
Lame.
I like this song.
This song's cool too.
It doesn't suck that much.
I need to download this song.
Which is interesting because my biggest problem with In The
Groove is that half the songs don't do it for me.
I'm not as big on the song list.
I like the hip-hoppy ones, actually.
See that? No, I guess that's where we differ, because I don't care for those tracks.
The trance I can do without, because trance is...
See, I actually like the really, like, stupid, uh, dance-y covers of, like, mouth and torn and all that stuff.
I want innovation in music, and all trance is is rehashing. That's all it is.
Let's add some synthesizer to it and call it music.
here's the issue with trance is it's all just disco sped up with lots of
synthesizers disco you know well there's a lot of dancing and involved in disco
so I guess it works but there's just not a lot of talented trance artists out
there you got to go to the very select few artists like one I'm really big on
right now Yuzo Koshiro he does an awesome soundtrack for that one gun
Midnight Maximum yeah just very few good artists will do trance well so most of
time you're just gonna find shitty trance tracks if you're yeah like just
badly fine on every single compilation out there yeah exactly and in to me that
my favorite trance the songs that I think that are actually good trance
songs are done by artists who don't technically they don't really do trance
typically they do normal like delirium there's this song I'm really loving
yeah I'll tell you about later whatever yeah his microphones on but these mics
are acting very weird I don't know I think it's because this was a cardio
It's because Rob's too loud and Brad's too quiet.
That's what it is. I can't make them both work.
There's no perfect medium, you know?
No, there isn't. It's either you talk too close to the mic of you being Rob,
because obviously pointing does not really, you know, show its way through radio.
Well, there's the camera. They can see it.
You're pointing at the camera. You're pointing at the audience.
You! Camera! You are talking too loud.
no honestly cuz I'm talking and I'm starting to like
you know static out and I'm not even hitting the peak yellow yet
which am I something to do out somewhere I got
I don't even know what the hell you guys did the support here I don't know
where to
you jinx it would show to curse I don't know
but anyway check check the levels going into the
go to the computer check look at the hardware in the computer
me me me yeah he anyways
Turn down the mic boost.
What we might want to do is maybe do a mic shuffle back to the mics we used to have.
I don't know.
Mic shuffle...
Alright.
I'm on the mic that I used to be on and I'm still fine.
I don't know. It's just...
It's nothing. I'm not gonna worry about it.
It's something that I turned up and I'm trying to...
Moving forward.
Yeah, moving on.
I'm sorry. It's just, you know, the sound issues are important.
If they can't hear us, you know.
If they can't hear us, they can turn up the radio.
So if you're just joining us, we are doing our first show in the brand new studio,
so we've got audio issues tonight but hopefully we will be able to you know
make everything work out so just bear with us and we'll get through this it
also could be that these headphones suck it might be so I'm not gonna worry about
it the chat room has been yelling like when levels are fine I don't know so
maybe you want to pay attention to them it's on delay yeah all right whatever
let's try leaving the audio here let's switch back and just see what happens
looks like our audio is okay now I don't know it's hard to tell so we'll see what
happens. Moving on, so we have that In the Groove thing going on Wednesday. Let's try
and think what else is going on in the Bhumani world right now. Anything Dark Sakura that
you would like to see in the In the Groove release on PlayStation 2 that you didn't see
in the arcade game?
Um, a lack of suckage.
I mean, it didn't 100% suck, but honestly, it's not DDR, you know?
It's like a big rip-off of DDR.
I can't get into it.
I cannot look at that game without thinking, wow, they totally bid on DDR.
Sorry.
That's how I feel.
Whoops, my mic was off, sorry.
That's all right, you're welcome to your opinion.
What we're going to do now, let's move into talking about
last week's show.
And last week's show, we actually had not one, but two
cage matches that took place last week.
And it was a tape show.
And I hope you guys are able to tune in and check it out.
And in that, we did two cage matches.
The first cage match was talking about the
ultimate cage match.
In other words, we've had three songs that have been retired from Orange Lounge
Cage Match, meaning they won four weeks in a row.
So we decided to face off each of those songs against each other and see what
the ultimate Cage Match victor would be.
So you guys curious to hear which song won that?
Sure.
All right, based off your votes on orangeloungeradio.com, because that's
why we voted in both Cage Matches this week, the winning song of the ultimate
cage match meaning that this is just like the best song I guess you guys
think we've played in the past hundred episodes we've been doing the cage match
is
echo image with comeback that was our ultimate cage match because we did each
song that got retired pay attention like you still all right so echo image will
comeback was the winner also we did another cage match and that cage match
was choosing which song should be banned from orange lounge radio forever okay
and we let you guys vote on that and it's what we call a reverse cage match
and you guys picked a winner I guess really more appropriately would
probably be a loser but the if the songs that were up were Britney Spears with my
prerogative and that was Jamie's pick and then I picked a DJ speedo featuring
wild side with the ketchup song I'm sorry J and then Loki picked kids bop
kids doing bring me to life with Corky wake me up all right you guys want to
You know what song is being banned from Orange Launch Radio Forever?
Here it is.
So, Kids Bop Kids, Bring Me To Life, Banned From The Station, Forever, good riddance,
you piece of shit song.
Yes.
Do you have a cage match picked today already?
Yes, I do.
Tuba, isn't that the lyrium thing?
told you I put that song in already yes long time ago oh maybe I don't maybe I'm
confused whatever who cares all right anyway um what we're gonna do now we're
gonna go to a break then we're gonna come back and get into a couple other
topics and into tonight's cage match I figured to I humored the discussion
we've been having all actually and our chat room has kind of been asking for
this for a little while so I'm actually gonna play some music from in the group
for you guys. So enjoy and we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
I
I'll tear you down
Where the people are bleeding deep
Better stay out, Charlie
I saw you last night in your fancy outfit
I'm the man in the dark streets
With the touch to George's body
Let's meet the eyes
So please take care of yourself
Don't give away everything you own
Someone will give you back
You understand that you have loved
Charlene, you're still killing the sister of mine
Better stay off the drugs and the wine
Don't be lost in the danger we see
My sister Charlene
Stay out Charlene
Just beware of the dark side of town
There's no passion inside to turn you down
We're the people of need in need
You better stay up, Charlene
I'll see you, Charlene!
easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song orange lounge radio hey
guys we're back with more orange laundry yeah the new promos was something else
on the list of things to do that didn't get done but we've just been busy you
We heard about our dramatic week, so we'll just get past
it and do something more constructive later on.
We are going to open up the Skype line very, very soon.
So head on over to www.orangelauncherator.com and
click on Interact With Us if you have no clue what I'm
talking about.
Because that's the only way you guys are going to get to
call in and interact with our station.
First, though, I want to point out the songs that we played
in that break.
We played Banzai with Anubis, Missing Heart, Charlene,
Smiley with Shusha and Ka with Don.
Now, here's the interesting thing about Don.
And I hope I still have this.
I hope I didn't get rid of it.
I'll be pissed if I did.
I probably did and didn't even realize it.
Shoot, I think I did.
Let me run a search real quick.
Well, we actually used to spin the song Don on our station a
long time ago when we first started.
And it was one of those, this isn't in a Bimani game yet,
but it will be someday, we think.
And heaven forbid, it actually did show up in a game.
Although it wasn't really a Bimani game.
It was more of a, you know, one a Bimani game.
But I don't know.
Wannabeemani, get it?
Wannabeemani?
Wannabe?
I read that on a forum somewhere.
I thought it was funny.
Darn, I wish we had it.
I think I actually, oh, no, no.
I do have it.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
This is dated July 23rd, 2002.
This file's dated July 23rd, 2002.
That's three years ago.
And now, an original work that could one day very well be in
a Bomani game.
This is Keel with the song Dawn.
If you like what you hear, visit www.amcast.com slash
K-E-E-L.
See, that was like, I don't know how long ago.
July 2002.
And I don't even know if that website exists anymore.
And he changed his name and all that stuff, too.
So very interesting.
So let's see.
We played that before it was in a music rhythm game.
I think we've had, what, three songs from our cage match that
ended up in a music rhythm game that we
played here first.
I just like thinking we're cool.
Inflate my ego here a little bit, please.
All right.
Anyway, let's do this.
We're going to open up the Skype line.
And so go ahead and give us a call and we'll hear from what you have to say.
If you want to talk to us about, what will we let them talk to us about tonight?
In the Groove, the award show if you guys were listening last night, just whatever is
on your mind.
You need to talk.
I really don't care.
We need to talk about Renee, Sebastian, and her chef, you know, Mrs. Chef is what I'd
like to call.
Yeah, what was that, those artists that played in the Live 365 Awards.
I had a lot of respect for those folks because they were very passionate and very talented unlike a lot of folks
I see on the television
But I don't know if I totally was into all the music because that one girl the first girl to sang
She was totally like chef like her first two songs were very like, you know, like Norah Jones ish, but better like
I want you to lay me down, and start screwing me up and down, and then you're gonna come
into me.
I swear to God that was one of the lyrics, like, you're gonna come into me.
And I was like, oh my God, this chick is foul.
And the gospel people were there too.
What's great about the song is it went on too long.
She's like, and then I want you up and down, up and down, around, up, down, up and around and ooh, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah.
Suddenly she was singing DDR steps and how to find her G-spot, actually. Anyway, we're going to take a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Emerging from the shadows of the Mani style, your resident 2DX bastard DarklionXVI is here.
Alright, alright, alright. No one, everyone doesn't need their own intro, like, you know, we're not gonna do this, like, WWE style, or,
Ooh! Ooh! It's Kinsmell with The Rock Is Cookin'! And then just play the music, and, or anyways, go ahead.
Whatever.
You just got told, whatever, he said, whatever.
What's on your mind, Ziggy?
Yeah. Uh, congratulations on, uh, on your new studio.
thank you it's actually kind of a little bit of a downgrade
but the apartment itself is very very nice so you know we're
I'm I'm very happy with it and we like being cozy
don't we kids I can reach out and touch Jamie in the studio
my knee
that was the sound that she made when I touched her knee no we like it it's cool
we're gonna do a lot of good things here
so thank you yeah what else is on your mind buddy
Well, you know, last Friday I was able to play 2DX Red and I, you know, I was able to pass three level 8 plus songs.
Oh, which one?
The three songs are Take It Easy, Setsugekka, and Rainbow Rainbow.
So wait, you played them past them or you just...
Yeah, I passed them all.
Well, you big stud.
Are you one of those folks on Bamani style that gets into those, you know, those pissing
contests about, you know, I passed this, or yo, I passed this, I passed this blindfolded
with one hand and I'm better than Lisu and dubba dubba duh.
No, I'm not one of those.
Okay, good, good.
I just want to say, if you were, we'd have to shoot you.
But yeah, I just want to have my say about Germania V.
Wait, you want to say something about Drummania Guitar Freaks V?
Yeah. What's on your mind?
Well, uh, yeah, there's some new stuff on Drummania V, as everybody's saying.
And, uh, yeah, they, you know, they have the, like, uh,
sorting it out, they have, like, they have, uh,
folder 80D or something like that.
It's really interesting.
I haven't seen the game myself yet, so I can't really comment, but okay.
I hope to play it someday, but I refuse to go to Roosevelt Golf Land to look at it because
that place is a dump, but someday.
Anything else on your mind?
Well, that's kind of it.
How's night style coming?
Have you cleared everything yet, or you still have some songs to go?
Well, I can do bag one-handed.
What are you doing with it?
But I haven't made any double A's yet.
Yeah, what do you do with the other hand?
What?
Well, because you play bag one-handed. What does the other hand do?
Well, it's the scratch, of course. Oh, okay.
That's boring.
Lankystyle's calling you out saying that that's two hands if you use one for scratching.
One hand is actually, you know, just bring keys, it's all two hands.
I know, a lot of people play, well like,
I play with like six fingers when I play, usually,
because I just use my thumb to hit the first two keys and I use my hand for the rest of them.
So I play six finger. Is that worth something?
Yeah, six finger. Is six finger 2DX playing worth anything on the forums?
Like if I go post, I go, hey guys,
I'm a six finger 2DX player. Who wants to touch me?
I play one finger when I watch people pass those and others.
No, one finger. Guess what finger that is?
Now what do you do with the other nine fingers?
Nine?
Well the others are busy being held down while the one is
gloriously extended in all of my fuck you glory
and then the other one is usually a usually a
I don't know, getting money, I don't know. Getting a dollar.
Get a dollar. Alright. Put a dollar in the token machine to play something else.
We're just messing with you, Siggy, that's cool that you... That's alright, that's alright.
Alright. We're teasing, you know. That's cool that you're doing the one-handed thing.
I think that's kind of a nice way to play because you know... And lose your other hand free for things like
Doritos and...
Or when you play keyboard mania, you're going to want to
be able to do as much of that kind of note thing with one
hand as possible.
That's the one thing I always know.
Have you played much keyboard mania at all?
Well, I have played keyboard mania twice back at MGL.
Right.
And you really have to do the one hand.
If you're going to play on the expert levels, you have to be
able to do things with one hand up here while you're
doing a completely different note pattern down here, just
like a normal piano playing, really.
So that's one thing I noticed.
I don't know.
Yeah, the only problem I have with keyboard mania is you don't know which fingers to press.
They should have that, like which fingers to press, like three as in the middle finger
or one for the thumb.
Oh, like a guide as to, you know, what...
Yeah, it's a guide.
Yeah, you kind of have to know piano and they teach you that stuff in piano.
But that would be cool if keyboard mania would show that stuff.
I mean, hey, what a great sales piece.
They could sell keyboard mania as a piano teaching device, which I guess they did.
I didn't hear, they did get a limited release.
But come on, how many people, who do you know that owns keyboard mania for PC?
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp, no one.
That's right.
So they could, they could mass market that if they wanted to.
But they should just bring, I don't know, whatever.
They should, they should have keyboard mania, like literally, you know, typing mania.
They have that in Japan. The BeatMania da da da.
And that's what I said when I played it. Da da da.
Anyway. Alright, we're gonna let you guys take it, but thanks so much for calling in. Have a good one, okay?
Yeah. Alright, later. Later. Do you have an outro?
No. Okay. Bye. Later.
I figured since he had this big introduction that he might have something to say as he's
leaving, but I guess not.
Let's see what our next caller has to say. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Hey, SSJ100, Matt here.
Hello SSJ100, Matt here, what's on your mind?
Nothing, I was ready to give my In The Groove review.
Oh goody, let's hear it.
Well, you know, I actually got to try it.
It took him months to get it here, but anyways, at first,
when I first played it about three times, I hated it.
I hated the fact of like bombs and other stuff.
Figured out you could take those off.
you know actually when you played a bunch of times it's not that bad
like you started to warm up to it a little bit like at first you're like this sucks
i hate it but i can't stop playing it right
that's kinda how i felt
for a little bit i was ok with it when i first played
i was just neutral
I was like
this isn't as great as all the people on the internet say it is
but it's not as bad as a lot of people on the internet say it is either so i'm
just gonna stop paying attention to what i read on the internet
Now I just switch off between that and DDR.
So you have both In the Groove and DDR at your local arcade?
Yeah.
Do you notice if one is more popular than the other?
Well, right now In the Groove is way more popular.
Now I can get on the DDR all the time now.
You know what's interesting is that that's kind of the first
I've really heard of that.
Because a lot of arcades I've been to, even when I went and
saw In the Groove in New Jersey last year when it was
being beta tested or whatever, there were more people on DDR
extreme than in the groove and I thought that was kind of interesting because I was like
dude this is like one of two places in the nation where you can actually play this game
and there's still more people playing DDR and even when I go to the local bowling alley
that has more games I see more kids on DDR and I think the reason for that is that in
the groove you know despite the fact that it's a technically good game and it's got
you know good music and stuff it's just ugly it's a really like ugly game sorry to the
the folks that designed the graphics, but it's kind of ugly. Like, DDR has that warm,
saccharine, like, happy, crack vibe, right? Where as In the Groove has that, I'm industrial
and I don't want anything to do with you vibe. I think maybe that's it. It's too Americanized.
Maybe. I don't know. Is that, I don't know. So that's why I think more people are always
on. So what would you say, if you gave In the Groove a score on a scale of one to five,
what would you say? Well, when I first played it, I gave it about a six, and now it's like
kind of like an eight or so. On a scale of one to five? That's incredible.
One to five, but I thought you said one to ten. Oh, one to ten. Well, that's fine.
Doesn't matter, but. Alright.
Well, what else? Anything else you want to share with us?
Not really, just congratulations on the new place. Thank you, we appreciate it. We
hope we can get all our sound working and everything, although I think
everything's cool now.
Yep. Alright. Well, thanks to Ablai. Have a good one. Thanks for calling in.
Later.
It's always nice to hear from folks.
OK, what we're going to do, we're going to go into the
Orange Lounge cage match right now.
If you didn't get through, try back again later.
A lot of you guys just keep hammering us.
You just call again and again until they get through.
You can stop doing that, because we're not taking any
more calls until the cage match is over.
But thanks for trying.
And we'll get to you guys later.
I know a lot of you guys have some things to say.
And we'll get into some more Bahmani news a little later.
We got some business to settle such as tonight's cage match
Do you have a cage match on tonight Logan? Oh goody good. Oh
Let's see. We're starting fresh. So as a reminder the way to cage match works
We played three songs for you guys
You guys vote on your favorite song and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on orange lounge radios
Romani music and more program all right so we're starting fresh there's no old
songs we're doing three brand new songs this week and I guess we'll start with
my song I'll do my song first night so you're gonna hear them on your their
entirety remember the only way you can vote is to actually be in our chat room
over at www.orange lounge radio.com the song I decided to put in tonight's cage
match when I first heard this song I was like this song kind of reminds me of
Of Erotic but without so much cheese like I don't know it's not so
Stupid I don't know. I I just I thought the song was slightly better. It's more like aqua to me
I don't know. It's like a mix of the two. We'll see
All right. Yeah, I know you're excited about this. Anyway, here it is song number one tonight my pick. This is
jet-set in the name of love enjoy
You and me, hand in hand, on a trip to Wonderland
We go well, from above, in the name of love
Day by day, night by night
We're together, side by side
Cause I can't get enough
In the name of love
In the name of, in the name of love
In the name of, in the name of love
When you close to me by my side, I feel the love I can hide
Makes me feel so brand new, I know that your love is true
You give me power to breathe, all the things that I need
Make it through the day, baby we are on our way
I wanna hold you, I told you Forever knowing if I can't enough
We share one love, one love
By your name I cross my heart
So we'll never be apart
What I'm dreaming of is all in the name of love
All in the name of love
You and me, hand in hand
On a trip to Wonderland
See the world from above
In the name of love
Day by day, night by night
We're together, side by side
Cause I can't get enough
In the name of love
In the name of, in the name of love
In the name of, in the name of love
All right that was song number one in tonight's cage match that was jet set in the name of
love.
Let's go around and see what we think but remember it's not our vote that counts it's
yours you've got to be in the chat room and play www.orangetouch.com click on chat.
Jamie. It gets one. It has no originality to it, nothing innovative. It sounds like
the same rehash. No offense, I mean, it was perky, and if I wanted to make myself really
happy, I guess I'd listen to it again. But there was no innovation to it. Nothing new.
Okay, I'll be nice with three. Alright. Logi. I'll not be nice because I don't like Aqua
or anything that tries to beat Aqua out here.
I honestly don't like the whole happy, you know,
you got one guy that's, you know,
singing really deep and then the girls,
ah da da da, you know, so.
But it reminded me of sort of like
the woman's voice is out of place
and the guy found like a member of, you know,
the Bloodhound Gang, so I just,
I didn't really know, it didn't really feel right to me.
But because it's trying to be happy
and I'm not happy, it gets a two.
all right my thoughts I think that that song is you know it's like you take the
ironic and aqua songs which are like so happy to the point of nauseousness and I
think that song kind of strips a lot of that fakeness off so I think you guys
are kind of closing yourself off to it because it is a little bit formulaic but
whatever I think it's decent so I give it a 9 because it puts me in a good
make me happy. Angel. Uh, 4. Any reason why? It's kind of like awkward, but it's missing something.
Alright. Yeah. Uh, kdn42. It's happy. It was bouncy. It was generic. 5. Alright. And likeystyle.
Alright, what? What'd you think of that song? What are we doing here? Forget it. Alright.
Let's rank the song. What do you think? One to ten?
All right
Let's move on song number two is Jamie's pick. What'd you pick for us tonight, Jamie?
Um, I've been wanting to put this in like a month ago, but I kept winning
It's Gorillaz Feel Good Inc. I know it's been playing on the radio, but I
Really really like this song a whole bunch. It's it's I really like everything they've been doing with music. It's been innovative
it's been new it's been taking the whole pop genre in a different direction so
and this one it just has a really sexy bass line too so I want that it's in all
Alright, here it is, song number two, Gorillaz Feel Good Inc. Enjoy.
The city's breaking down on the camel's back They just have to go cause they don't know where
So while you fill the streets, there's a billion to see You won't get out of the county cause you're nearly free
You got a new horizon, it's ephemeral style
A melancholy town where we never smile
And all I wanna hear is the message beating my dreams
They got a kisser cause I don't get sleep, no
We mail, we mail for the land
The forever hanging land
Take it or leave it on your stride
It is taking for all in and love forever
Love is free, let's turn forever
You and me
Windmill, windmill for the mind
It's everybody in
Laughing, gasping, hazmat, fat cat
Lining them up like abstract
Play these ponies at track
It's my chocolate attack
Shoot, I'm steppin' in harder to skip
Kick it all out on your stride
It is taking for all
It's our love forever, love is free
Let's turn forever, you and me
Windmill, windmill for the land
It's everybody else
Go shop, see the dish
The fire captain said his baby watching Savagreen.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Go shop, see the dude.
The fire captain said his baby watching Savagreen.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Song number two there, Guerrillaz with Feel Good Inc.
How did you guys feel?
Did that make you feel good or make you feel sick?
sick let's see Dark Sakura I've been listening to this song for two months
and haven't gotten sick of it yet so it gets a 10 automatically the whole album
gets a 50 million so yeah by demon days when it comes out
lucky
okay I had no mic no I have a good baseline I don't know it's just it's
Okay, I mean I like gorillas. I love their older stuff. It's just there's parts of the song
I didn't like then the other parts are okay, so it just gets like a seven or eight
Eight I guess
um
That song is kind of like a big cake to me like you've got frost like it's a multi-layer cake
You've got this really like nice frosting
And then there's like really sweet stuff in the middle like the fruit kind of well
you know we're talking like strawberry frosting oh no you had me going at frost
okay okay cream cheese how about chocolate frosting chocolate frosting
all right fine and then like in the middle is like i don't know like extra
chocolate so it's really sweet my point is it's really sweet like but the rest
of it's kind of cake it's just cake you know like because that song is kind of
like three things combined it feels like to me like there's different elements or
it's like you got a good cake and then they throw in that stupid custard
and he's like, oh god damn you, how did you ruin a good cake?
That's kind of like it, because there's two elements to that song,
I really, especially one of the slow parts to the song,
I really, really, really like.
The slow parts are very blur.
Yeah, see I like blur, I think that's why.
But then like the Day of the Soul stuff, that's like the custard.
I'm not good on it.
See, I like the opposite.
I like the Day of the Soul stuff, but I hated the slow parts.
Then I feel the opposite, but the score is still the same, I give it an 8.
Angel.
yeah I look good as well
so I will give it an 8
alright
not just because I'm copping you but not because I'm helping you
but just because you're copping us
arkadian
I like Boston cream pie
good
yeah Boston cream pie is cake with custard
yeah custard
and not grill is rock 2
9
alright uh lanky style
um
I don't think it makes me feel good, it makes me feel pretty ink, you know, but it's incorporated.
Um, no, you know what, I hate gorillas, like, they're always the source of any problem in, like, a sci-fi story.
Gorillas are monkeys too, right?
No, those are, you're thinking of, uh, uh, monkeys are not gorillas.
Okay, well, they're apes, they're simians, right?
The monkeys had Mickey Dolenz!
And Davey Jones.
Go over into this, exactly, Bradley.
However, Congo was a bad movie.
Gorillaz learn sign language and talk to us. Gorillaz are smart, except for QD.
And apparently they can sing through a megaphone.
And they also, you know, take women and run up the Empire's Day segment.
They run them up the Empire's Day building. Man, that is...
Will you please give the song a rating so we can finish this goddamn segment?
Okay, hold on. A little backstory here.
Um, no, really. I think this is the only good song on the new album. I've listened to the whole thing and I'm not impressed.
The last album was much better in my opinion.
Um, but it's still a good song. Like I said, it's the best song on the album, so it gets for me an 8.
Um, but it's gonna get old for me really quick. I've already listened to it like 4 times, but I'm still kinda like, hmm.
I did like the slow parts better than the rest of it. It's, I prefer blur.
Alright.
Let's get into the last song of tonight's cage match, Loki what did you pick?
Well I hope this is what's on this track here, uh, well hopefully this is um, oh my god I'm
saying hopefully a polytery track, anyway, hopefully this is the song from um, the Midnight
Tune 2 soundtrack.
I got midnight maximum soon too. Yeah, that's not or that that that CD. Anyway, it's an awesome game
It's like a it's sort of a initial D ish type thing
It's got pretty cool music in it
But then there's Paul Terry and Paul Terry, you know, honestly, um, I hate Paul Terry I hear but it's a face
The Paul Terry Niocchi combo that Paul Terry now see that it's bad
Other artists that's okay. And this is a song that she sings in
Um, okay, I don't remember the original artist, um, it's Yuzo Koshiro, featuring Polteri.
A guy that did music for Actraiser, and so this is the, um, song, um, Nothing Can Live
Forever.
Yuzo Koshiro featuring Polteri, Nothing Can Live Forever, song number three.
I am crossing my fingers, I hope this is the right studio.
Enjoy.
The time has come to say goodbye
Because nothing can be forever
But I'll keep calling out for you
I see the air stirring and churning
Cheer the speed of the chains
I am reaching my truth.
I refuse to take your cover, love
Can't catch up
I don't mind if I'm not the one in love for you
The time must come to say goodbye
Because nothing can keep me forever
But I keep going on and on
You
the
the
the
the
the
Okay, that was song number three in tonight's cage match.
That was Yuzo Koshiro featuring Polteri with Nothing Can Live Forever.
Will that song live forever in your memory or is it going to die right now, Jamie?
I don't like Polteri because she can't hold a key to save her life.
It was still pretty good. I mean, it's too trance for my taste, but overall it presented an image. That's what I can say. I like music that presents a picture, and that one I definitely got a feeling from, so it gets an eight from me.
Logie
You know this song I like her to be gained her with her like first thing you know over it
It's kind of like you know
It kind of built job for but then the song has like but I don't know it's an okay song
But I had because I haven't cut down certain other songs that I need to be submitting to the cage match
but uh
So it gets an eight that's the best
I'm gonna give it because but you got to check out the whole soundtrack really cool
Um, I like the first minute, and then the other four I fell asleep. I gave it a six.
Angel.
It was pretty cool, um, I'll be nice and give it a seven. Because I don't know what else
to give it, whatever.
Arcadian.
Eh, it was alright. I wasn't all that impressed. I haven't listened to the soundtrack yet,
but I'll give it a six.
Lanky style.
Thank you, so I'm one of the weird people who believe that voluntary can only do good when she couples with a belonging artist artist
All right, let's recap it's about time to vote but first let's recap remember
Yes in a private message the sky with your vote
But here are the songs you can vote for tonight song number one is jet set in the name of love
And song number two you can vote for tonight is gorillas with feel-good Inc
Song number three you can vote for tonight is Yuzo Koshiro, did I get that right this
time?
It's close enough.
Close enough.
Featuring Politary, I did that from memory, Yuzo Koshiro, sorry, featuring Politary with
nothing can live forever.
Place, vote, now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote. Song
number one, song number two, song number three. Wait, in a surprise fourth song? No.
No twist here, sorry.
Alright, this is the part of the show where I would always ask Loki what's going on in the sim scene.
I don't know if you've been keeping tabs on what's going on, but what's up, Loki?
Not that much. Honestly, really nothing going on. There's only like a couple things I'd like to mention.
First off, as far as sim packs being released, not really too much this week. However, there's this wonderful site that someone created because I don't know if you remember ddramerica.com, the old Bomani Torrent site.
No kidding, I was trying to fix that. Actually, it went down a while ago because sharing copied stuff is bad.
But anyways, there's this new one now called alt-control-delete-dot-com, and, uh, it's starting off to be a new, uh, Bimani, um, BitTorrent tracker, and you've got some of the, um, pop-in music, um, soundtracks, and, um, some 2DX, it's mainly soundtrack rips right now.
So, I guess that's something worth mentioning.
that room is yelling BMS contest and I guess something I think oh yeah but my
cells BMS contest they have that going on right now you sound excited I mean
come on now folks I mean really I guess it could be cool I mean cuz but I I just
you know what the Japanese doing BMS files I I don't think us it's just gonna
be up to par with it I'm sorry the Japanese have like got you beat by a lot
that that's my opinion on this stuff I mean you play Japanese BMS files and
you're like holy crap this stuff is like could have been in Beatmania or in 2dx
or something it's just really high quality stuff well also there there's
more of a team mentality to from what I understand it's set up like a
professional production crew I bet if more of the American producers of the
the BMS files got together and put the same kind of effort into it, they could come up
with a quality product.
Look at Food Mix.
Food Mix is a perfect example of like production quality.
I mean that's just top notch stuff right there.
You could honestly, if you know, they had the permission, you could release a DDR mix
of all Food Mix stuff and it would, you wouldn't have to really change anything to it.
It would look great.
And that's what's, you know, really cool about, you know, and BMS stuff is exactly the same.
They do all their remixing stuff on there.
The production quality is incredibly awesome.
And even with stuff, they only have movie files playing in
the background.
It's all just stop motion with bitmaps and jpegs and stuff.
And it still looks incredible.
I don't even know how to describe it.
It's awesome.
This is where OnoKen and stuff got its start,
is with the BMS files.
And, you really, I'm sorry, the U.S. is not gonna be able to come close.
They can try, but I've already had high standards for BMS files, and I'm afraid,
you know, like most everything else that the U.S. does, as far as SIM files go,
I'm gonna be disappointed. But, hey, you know,
I'd like to still see what comes of this, too, because it'll be interesting.
You can get some- There's gotta be at least one quality file that comes with it. Oh yeah, I'm sure there's gonna be some
some good stuff, but there's gonna be some crap stuff, too. I don't have the patience to make a
step mania file let alone a BMS file you know I bet the three of us could get
together and do a really good BMS I would better things we spend our time
doing like eating sleeping sleeping or working on our station or something
doing promos all right and we don't do those but yeah so there's nothing really
going on as far as that is concerned what else oh yeah there's some more boss
files released by DJ pedo who like most other people I call themselves DJ is not
a DJ and boss files are retarded I like to mention you know for those who don't
know boss files are they're incredibly hard hard DWIs they're basically beat
media for step mania which it's just crap it's crap it's crap it's crap don't
play them yeah man that's not the number one problem with step mania files out
there on the internet as they're all trying to be be mania because nobody
plays step mania with an actual dance pad they're all using their fingers so
when they triple-a songs are taking screen caps of it and posting how big
their internet penis is because they triple-a to song with their fingers on a
dance game and then they complain because a lot of the ten footers and
stuff are too easy. Well, yeah, because you're using your fingers, dumbass. Try using your
feet. Exactly. Anyway. All right, you guys, let me hear who won tonight's cage match.
Show up! All right, you know what's interesting is that last week I think we had the most
number of votes I've ever seen in a cage match in a recent memory, and this week we have
some of the least number of votes in a cage match in a recent memory, so I don't know
what's up. Family guy. Huh? Family guy. Is it because of family guy? Come on, people.
was leaked to the internet like two weeks ago. I know, I've had an emergency all week.
You can get a torrent later or stop being cheap and buy a TiVo. We are far more important
than that damn show. They'll just cancel it again, and you'll be sad. Oh man, that show's
awesome. Alright. But our show's awesomer. That's right, we're awesomer. Alright, anyway,
tonight's cage match winner is... In the name, or, not in the name of love, my bad, nothing
can live forever. Oh my god. I thought Gorillaz would have won. Yuzo Koshiro. I don't know,
maybe on another night where everybody was voting, but tonight we only had. Oh my god,
that's just like hardcore listeners voting. This was a filler song until I picked a good
one. Eh, it always works that way. Just wait until after we get back from E3 and the Demon
Days album is actually released so I can put that one song in. Mm-hmm. Because I can't
put it in before the album's out. Out of support for the band. Alright. Actually, I have to
it wasn't a bad song. You could play it. I will actually go ahead and say it was a bad
song. I could, but I won't. I know right away that it was a bad song. That's why I put it
in. I can't see how you can call my song repetitive and then put that in. I could play it, but
I won't, out of respect for my favorite band. I could play it. I'm teasing. Alright, anyway,
Let's see, what are we going to do now?
Actually, I want to do the DDR Freak post of the week,
because this is exciting.
By the way, DDR Freak does run our rewinds every Friday night
over on The Freak, so you guys should check that out.
If you ever miss part of this show, so if you must skip us
and go watch Family Guy, then I suppose you could catch up
with us on Friday night over on DDR Freak.
We're on the same week now, so tonight's show you will hear
this friday you have to wait a week anymore
credit books and you could download this dvd quality
on the internet
uh... my psp we watched it yesterday if i watched a lucky psp already okay and
granted it was very funny
it's still the same level of funny as it all yeah it's it's really funny and i
highly recommend it but not because it's against our show i'm sorry but you can't
go
exactly but we tried
Yeah, they'll re-run it.
You can get it on BitTorrent.
You can get a TiVo, stop being cheap, set your VCR.
Or tape us, I suppose.
But it's a little harder to tape the internet.
Or buy satellite and watch it East Coast time.
There you go.
There you go.
Because the East Coast people saw it before our show was on.
Exactly.
Anyway, let's get to the DER Freak post of the week.
A bunch of crazies over there on DER Freak. No, I'm kidding. There's some really great
people on DER Freak, but once in a while you get a few loonies that make very interesting
posts. And tonight's DER Freak post of the week was suggested to me by one of our chatters.
I want to say it was, uh, LXLdubes that suggested this one, and if it wasn't you and it was
somebody else, I apologize to that person. I think it was him. What? Oh. Hey. Post of
This is the week, this is not Turbo Graphic Segment, this is DDR Free Post of the Week, sorry.
Subject! The subject for this post.
DDR Fairy Tales.
You know, I came so close to locking that damn thread, and then I thought, nah.
Here it is. Here's the post.
I just thought this would be a funny idea.
Try to make a random fairy tale out of as many DDR song titles as possible.
Good luck!
Well, okay, that post isn't that great, but let's see some of the replies.
Once upon a time in the kingdom of Max 300, there was a noble prince named Jam Jam Reggae.
Okay, Yam Yam Ragu.
What the hell was that? I don't know anybody named Jam Jam Reggae, do you?
Makes no sense whatsoever.
Uh, let's see. Once upon a time, a prince upon a star, which is a Beatmania song, not
a DDR song, visited the Queens, Jamaica, again Beatmania, not DDR, where he met a man named
Gamble. If you want to get technical, you know, they were, um, in a club mix, whatever.
Again, he met a man named Gamble. But these songs weren't made famous. They were first
to beat mania, shut up.
This man had a lovely senorita named Nori Nori Nori.
Then they all died because they got ran over by a cowgirl
going maximum overdrive.
The end.
Honestly, these share same place in my heart as with
those three word stories.
I think I should have lost it.
There was one that went on for like a whole page, and if you
think I'm reading it, you're freaking crazy.
I'll read one more here.
Let's see.
Yeah, this was Alex L. Dubes that recommended it, because
he made a post in here.
It says, DDR fairy tales.
Ooh, ooh, let me try.
There once was a village of people who had no life.
And what a surprise, there was a DDR
machine in the village.
That one's good.
You know what we need to actually do instead of the
fairy tales?
We need DDR limericks.
Dirty ones.
Dirty DDR limericks?
Yeah.
Well, this one starts out, it might sound dirty.
Here's the last one I'm gonna read.
Once upon a time there was a man named Max, period.
He went up to a La Señorita.
Buenos dias, he helped.
I think Buenos dias should be a DDR song.
Buenos dias!
Oh my God.
They needed a Spanish version of Max.
What?
They needed a Spanish version of Max.
I'm sorry.
He went up to a La Senorita.
Buenos dias, he yelled.
He then offered her some candy.
All of a sudden, in a wild rush, she began to scream,
waka, waka.
Max yelled, don't break down.
Wait a minute, she screamed.
You have broken my heart.
He then began to feel like he hit a dead end.
You've been cheating on me, huh, Max, period, she screamed.
I like to share my love, he responded.
Nothing gonna stop, he added.
She then said, make love to me.
The reflex took over and they banged.
The end of the century.
Okay, that one's good, that one's good.
That one wins a lack of angst for me.
The reflex took over and, well, they banged.
Buenos dias.
I love the way people write on DDR free. The reflex took over and you know they banged.
Did she bang? Comment from our chat room and VX JasonXV really wants me to read this because
he's posted it three times. I thought it was a fairy tale, not a retardation and bastardization
song titles come on jason buenos dias uh fairy tale get it because it's a song
let's go break
uh in this break we're gonna hear you know what now that i've uh said buenos
we gotta talk about something all right what um remember that we posted something about
Alright, what do you want to say about Karaoke Revolution?
There's that song from Dirty Dancing in it, and I'm scared because there's a Karaoke Revolution
4.
The end.
Okay, Karaoke Revolution is, they're gonna have, I had the time of my life.
I'm not gonna sing the whole thing, that's the most you're gonna get from me, but you
know that song.
Hopefully at E3 we'll get to see some Karaoke Revolution 4, and we'll make Loki play.
And hopefully at E3 we will not see Patrick Swayze.
Hopefully all right. We'll be back, but buenos dias has me in a mambo a go-go mood
So we're gonna play some mambo music this break, so we'll start it off with el bimbo
Buenos dias Max 300, buenos dias El Bimbo, we'll be back after this with more Orange
lounge.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
You
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten.
Oh
Why do you cry when you're happy, it's just something special
Why do you see what I don't see starting in the blue sky
It's just something special
Now that you see what I've done
Stay talking in the blue sky
There is so much to come
It's all a destination
And have a sip into a really deep
And you'll see that with the beer
Check, check, check
Check, one two check, check, check, one two check, check, check, one two check, check, check, one two check
Check, check, check, check, check, one two check, check, one two check, sound check check check
There is so much to hide in my collection
And have a seat in who I really think you'll be without me today
Are you with me all the way?
I'm happy today
For the best part of Orange Lab, this PDR sucks!
Holla!
Stop, stop, stop, stop!
We want to learn more!
That's right, PS!
Hi, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 140 in progress, and we're
going to get into the FUs of the week relatively shortly, but first, I know we usually talk
about DDR a whole lot on this show, but we know you guys are into some other games too,
because you check out our podcast, which we talk about other games, and I know one game
series that Konami also does that's very popular is Silent Hill, and Jamie's going to give
us an update on something that's going on in the Silent Hill world.
Really, my updates are just from over the week. They've got the, you know, the basic
story of course has been out on the web for some time. They're in pre-production now.
For the Silent Hill movie, correct? Yes.
So far cast is Radha Mitchell from Finding Neverland. Sean Bean is in it as her character's
husband. For Lord of the Rings fans, he was Boromir. And then somebody named Jodelle Fairland
as the daughter in the movie. But they were saying in this one article, and I'll link
it in the chat room in just a moment, they had the production cost, I think it's expected
the top $25,000 per day during the shoot.
So it's going to be, of course, several million dollars
to produce this movie.
They've got big hopes for it.
There are pictures out on the net.
I'm trying to find the link I had that had, like, 60-some
odd pre-production picture.
There actually is a link on orangehelmsradio.com in the
story we ran earlier this week that has a link to it, if
it's still valid, which I think it is.
Actually, I do believe it is.
But I'm also going to copy this article for the chat room.
It's really good.
And it's talking about actually the town that they're
filming it in and how the people are reacting to it.
Very cool.
There it is.
I'm looking forward to that movie very much.
It should be, I'm hoping that they stay loyal to the games.
If they stay loyal to the games, it'll be so cool.
But if they try to do the Resident Evil thing, it's
going to suck.
So I really hope they don't turn it into like zombie
horror action film but you know kind of that subtle like mess with I think it's
gonna stay with the with the way the games are on I'm it I'm hopeful from the
pictures I mean it seemed like it's exactly the same because you know how in
the games everybody is linked to the whole rebirth thing you know this one
seems almost like it would be some like an innocent bystander just caught up in
what's going on from what I can tell it's looking pretty cool I'm hoping it
comes out soon I know it's not out so next year but you never know what might
happen I need this all right it's time for the F use the week boys and girls if
you want to send in an F you of the week send your private message to sky in the
chat room with whatever you want to give an F you to please keep them short as
we've got a lot of people that probably want to get their F use in if your F you
goes on and on non you will get cut off just like that we don't have to read
your f-you anyway but we will because we know you're angsty like us so dark
Sakura why is it that we do the F use of the week every single week and because
Jamie can't have chocolate
Fuck you to car accidents and all the shit that's happened to my car, god damn it.
You know, I loved my CD player even though it was a piece of shit.
And I loved my car even though it's also a piece of shit.
But I didn't need to be in the goddamn accident.
I certainly am tired of not being able to walk up a damn flight of stairs because my
hip hurts like in excruciating pain.
This is after Vicodin and Flexerol, so fuck the whole thing.
This is what I'm angsty about.
And also, I hate taking the medication anyway because it makes my head feel all funny.
And when my head feels funny, I tend to say weird things instead of just go off on people.
And I went off on people at work, and that's not good.
So I ended up going home because I went off on people.
I hate feeling like this.
I hate the crap that's happening in my car.
And honestly I wish that someone would just run into my car with a semi so that their
insurance would buy me a brand new fucking car.
I also F you to my apartment complex and the stupid bitch that manages it.
She doesn't do her job for shit and keeps letting these wannabe thug gangsters move
in next door.
And it's no longer a safe place to live.
I also fucking hate the stupid, uh, cost of houses in this, uh, state,
especially in Sacramento and the Bay area, of course, is a lot more expensive,
but it's hard to find a house for under $350,000.
And you know,
if we have to move out to Yuba city to freaking have a house that is worth a damn
and not have to, you know,
pay everything for the rest of our lives to have this house, then so be it,
you know, I'll put up with the extra drive, but I did find a cute house though,
but it's small and they want a bunch for it it's just a nightmare you know i fucking hate growing
up now even though it's gonna be nice to have a house oh life's gonna suck when you grow up
when you grow up when you grow up uh you know it's just all of you kids in the chat room you have no
right to complain about living with your parents because you don't have to pay for shit if i hear
Here you bitching one more time, I'm going to come to your house and slap you upside
of the head.
Unless you aren't paying the mortgage by yourself, then you can't bitch.
Or pay rent.
And even then, you can move out when you're fucking 18.
Although I don't recommend it, live with your parents as long as you can, milk them for
every cent they're worth, because it sucks when you have to do it all by yourself.
I'm done.
Loki.
Ahh, chocolate gooood.
No, anyways, now the chocolate's gone.
I need more chocolate! Now that!
Anyways, um, no, I was, um, I'm very pissed off at the fact of my weekends being, in general, too busy for me.
I don't even get a chance to actually relax during the whole weekend.
No, those are peanut butter cups. I hate peanut butter cups.
I like expensive chocolates.
Ugh...
I-I like non-expensive chocolates that used to be expensive.
Anyways, um...
So, fuck you to goddamn weekends being too damn long,
and fuck you to having to drive...
Just...
Stressful, okay?
Ooh!
Thank you!
I got more chocolates.
Um...
Anyway...
Fuck you to bad drivers, because they're everywhere.
Everywhere, everywhere. I was coming home from dropping off Rob yesterday,
and this guy is just passing me at like 50 miles an hour faster than where I'm going.
Granted, I'm going about 75 on the freeway.
He's just all, shoo! Like, all- No, I was in the car when that happened.
That guy was crazy. Yeah, I don't even know what that was. I mean, that was just nuts.
People, honestly, I mean, I see-
I'm going like, you know, 75 or something. I consider that pretty, you know,
um you know that's some pretty good speeding right there i mean you don't want to go crazy
because you know there's a lot of cars out there but there's people are zooming past me you know
just like nothing you know i don't understand why everyone's in such a hurry nowadays and it
was funny though today one person did just like a the same thing you know zoomed right past me
that cop car zoomed right past me and pulled the sucker over oh that was great um then um
Well, I was gonna say, um, fuck you to Live365 for not giving me more free crap.
I like free crap and all I got was a stupid t-shirt that I'm probably not gonna wear.
Last year we had a lot more free crap.
We got a lot more free crap last year, I was very disappointed at the lack of free crap
this year.
I'm just like, I'm trying to figure out why, what exactly cost the twenty, what am I getting
for this twenty dollars?
That's what I wanna know.
You got to see that girl sing those dirty ass lyrics about that guy being up all in
her.
Yeah, but I wasn't that guy all up in her, so it wasn't really, you know, worth the $20, that's what I'm trying to say.
If you'd gotten a chance to go up all in her, and she wrote that song about you, would it have been worth the $20?
That would have been worth the $20.
I got two things. One, I've got a bunch of free crap coming, you can have it. Three, I'll drop it in the toilet or something if you want.
Two, hold on, two, you guys have to pay to go to the awards, even though you are on the ballot, so to speak?
play a fun game lanky style let's play how much was each ticket no better yet
let's play how much did it cost for all three of us to go to the award ceremony
guess now hundred dollars less 75 less well this is no fun he's guessing hi I'm
including gasps okay no no oh well shit if you're gonna take just the tickets
take it for 60 bingo $60 you said 20 I got sorry I forgot you knew math
anyways also fuck you to the embassy suite hotel having their stupid okay now
they're wireless internet there or whatever that was that I was trying to
jump onto with my PSP it was no password free but it wasn't let me connect for
some reason that pissed me off damn those protected internet because I
wanted to jump onto the chat room that was in the live 365 and write dirty
stuff but I couldn't do that and so that made me sad and then fuck you for to
Oakland for sucking for being really ghetto I hate Oakland and also fuck you
to Comcast for taking a week to fix my internet you suck police the guy that we
got that came out and fixed it knew what was going on so that's always good you
get one of those like every a Comcast employee knew what they were doing hey
Hey, hey, you know they happen every now and then.
I guess for, uh, it's Chaos Theory.
Yep, exactly.
So there are the few, the select few.
Yeah, we, we love Comcast, we really do.
Please don't pull the plug, please don't pull the plug.
Oh, and um, um, also, um, fuck you, Zach B.
for just putting a picture of my leg.
And, uh, I can, I, I can understand, okay.
Be glad at least your leg got in there.
good shot, you know, it was an action shot, but you know, the next page they have a picture
of Rob's face. I'm like, what about my face? No one knows what I look like. I am just a
floating leg. Well, it's semi-transparent, mind you. That just goes to prove I'm sexier.
I'm just kidding, I don't... Did you see the way I looked in that picture, though? I'm
like, eehh, I look like Corky. I don't know, it was just me or not, but he looked like
a freakin' sasquatch. I swear, he looked, his eyebrows looked, yeah, raw. No, no, it's just
I don't know what it was, but your eyebrows looked especially white in the picture, so you look like that.
I had big, bushy eyebrows.
You don't have, okay, for anybody who hasn't seen Rob, which I'm pretty sure all of our listeners...
Well, I'm on the cam right now, so it's dark as hell in here, so they can't see anything.
Like, you don't have white eyebrows.
I don't know what happened with that picture, but it looked like you seriously had no eyebrows,
because they looked like they were shaving off in that picture.
Well, maybe they had to photoshop me, because...
My hideous face!
They're like, this guy's actually better looking than most radio personalities.
We got to make him look bad
Using crime technology, we're gonna eat him to look like sasquatch moving on
An F you to the fact that moving out took me like three weeks to do but I'm very happy it's over now an F
to the fact that we probably won't get the deposit back because landlords are
cunts. Actually, our old landlords are pretty decent, I can't knock them, they
were decent, but we'll see if we get the deposit back or not. And I may be back
here in three weeks saying that they are bitches but we'll see, so...yeah if you did
that, and if you did the fact that I really don't feel like I had a vacation
even though I've had three days off of works I've had like a five-day weekend I
don't feel like I had a vacation at all. I'm so tired and I'm like, oh my god I
I have to go to work tomorrow life sucks. I hate being a grown-up. I hate it
Let's see what other people in our room have to say for the F use of the week
We'll start it off with where we gonna go Arcadia 42
Fuck you to my computer being old and slow and
Can't really afford a new one right now. Hopefully soon, but I put myself in more debt. I'm in right now. Oh
Oh well. And fuck you to the next week, because it's gonna be so low at work.
I'll be bored half the time. And, nah.
I get it. That's about it.
Ice Queen. That's Princess Bitch.
Whatever. You're the biggest queen of them all.
That's true.
I don't know. Sorry, somebody... Give the FUs! Stop screaming like a bitch.
okay fuck you to Toyota's for being pieces of shit and trying to rip me off
for nine hundred freaking dollars in three weeks in a row yeah that too well
I had to anyway so yeah fuck you to that fuck you to people who write up facts on
how to get rid of viruses and tell you to do shit that's gonna fuck up your
computer because I'm still waiting on having mine completely fixed and fuck
you to everybody who makes more money than you which is just about everybody
Okay, that's it.
Angel.
I feed it online classes because they're boring, but hey, whatever, I'm getting my shit done.
So, um...
Yeah...
Work is... Okay.
Work is work. Um, I will shut up now. Bye-bye.
Alright. Lanky style.
Uh, just, uh, fuck you to people who don't take care of your cars, and you post them online, saying,
Oh, there's nothing wrong with it I swear and then you totally sound like a dipshit on the phone
Who doesn't know what the fuck you're talking about? I guess that should be a big red flag and make me wonder, you know, why?
so we go check out these cars and we're gonna go buy them and they're like
they don't change the oil for like 10,000 miles and
Yeah
People just don't know how to take care of their cars
We yeah
Loki supposed to change your oil. Yeah, you're not supposed to run the same oil in it for you know ever
Eventually, it gets pretty nasty doesn't do its job
Yeah, okay
Really yeah, remember when you got those tires
Yeah, you have to get your tires rotated you should I
I
Heard once like I heard this rumor that some cars you have to put air in your tires. Is that true?
Well, some of them actually have a totally solid Center like a cream filled. Oh like a Twinkie
Yeah, I think I have Twinkie tires. Yeah, you won't need to fill those with air
Twinkie
Honestly Twinkie tires with the best invention ever at least if you know, you're tired pull the flyer. Oh, yeah
Yeah! Twinkie filly!
Woohoo!
Mmm! I'm full of twinkie goodness.
This is a delicious flat.
Now I just need to make a deep fryer big enough so I can fry them whenever I'm done.
It reminds me of that one Spamusement.
Which, by the way, is the best online comic of all time, Spamusement.
Yeah, Spamuse is awesome.
Just hang up, don't listen to the show anymore.
It says something about, are you man enough for this?
And then it's like a deep-fried truck.
What was it like, I don't remember what it was, like, Dale Earnhardt Jr. on a flatbed with a fishing pole, deep fried with country gravy.
It was amusement. S-P-A-M-U-S-P. Spam-musement. Just take amusement and put SP on it.
Yeah.
Alright. Anyway, moving on.
Amusement SP.
DarkSakura, I have one more after you before we get to the chatroom, if yous.
just back to the the other thing I was saying before
for everybody who and this actually goes a lot broader
for all of you people who bitch about the situation you're in
fucking make a change you know who just do nothing but complain about it when there
are ways to make it better and then they don't do it
because it's effort or it'll rock the boat
or as a da da da stop bitching take control of your fucking life
I'm done. I actually forgot one more F.U. of myself.
F.U. to the fact that to go see the Lion King, it cost $75
to sit in the first tier. I was in the first balcony,
$75 seats, and for that price, you would expect that there would be some nudity.
And there was no nudity. Yo, nudity where? In the Lion King.
I don't think that's nudity. I was very upset at the lack of nudity in the Lion King
considering how much was paid unless it was uh what's his name uh the guy that did hairspray
if you did you liking well you know i realized that everybody brought their kids and they were
selling t-shirts that said baby's first musical stuff i wanted nudity were you hoping for simba's
shaved balls if nothing else or you know where or mufasa and whatever i wanted to see mufasa's
Mufasa. That's all. Mufasa's like, it's time to make a baby.
All right, Ice Queen, do you want one last F.U.? No, yes, no.
My last F.U. was to Effort because I heard Jamie's F.U.s and
fuck Effort. Screw that. I want to live and be rich and not have to move a freaking muscle.
I want to win the lottery and be just a complete leech on the side. You could be like that lady
in Florida.
That's my dream.
But see, there's a difference.
You're not complaining about it.
I'm talking about to the people who say, I live...
I was gonna say, I was just not complaining.
He doesn't call you at, you know, nine o'clock at night, my life sucks, what'd you do today?
Uh, nothing, I thought about paying a bill.
Now, I'm just talking about all the people who live with, who live with their parents
and say, oh my parents don't respect me, and they make me do this, and they're 30.
My parents bought me the old model SUV because they don't love me.
My parents want me to stop whoring out and go back to junior high.
My mom, my mommy yells at me, but I'm gonna go out and buy an iPod.
Let's go to the chat room, shall we?
Started off with Miklatov, and Miklatov says,
FU to not welcoming a cute boys advances because I suck
FU to being sick all week, FU to E3 being too far away and FU to general
boredom
Miklotov if you were here I would not be shunning your advances so you don't have to
worry about that
aww how nice are you. Illusion
says FU to a boring weekend that's it not angsty this week
oh and FU to about Schmidt for horribly depressing me by saying how significant
life is
and FU to the live 365 awards
You guys were O.L. Robbed. Get it? O.L.R. O.L. Robbed. Get it?
Zaku says, F you to the drunk tards in another apartment in my apartment complex
who thought that the place needed a more loud cowbell last night.
F you to having to work off the books to make a living
and F you to having to put off finding a summer job till after finals
when there probably won't be any good jobs left.
2005 says F you to this guy who keeps calling me and waking me up
dark lion xvi
says F you to spring valley high school for spending my cousin and his friend
just because they were victims of a gang fight my cousins the one who got hit in
the head with a hammer
and his friend saved his life yet they were not yet they were suspended and
were about to face expulsion
this is all over the local news and I hope they're embarrassed about it
Were they trying to reenact when Mario gets the- nevermind I don't wanna go there.
F-U to WY- WY- WY- WIN-LAS VEGAS, sorry, for being the most disappointing opening on the
strip.
Too many flowers on the inside and it's almost like the Bellagio.
The only good thing about that place is the damn poker room.
F-U to KVVU-Fox5 Las Vegas for misspelling my cousin's last name.
DarkTetsuya says, F-U to whatever was causing my loss of appetite about a week and a half
ago.
That would probably be Roseanne naked.
That's it! You guys are kinda not, not angsty tonight.
I thought I was plenty angsty. Well no, not you, you guys are, you guys are plenty
angsty, but I mean like the chat room.
They didn't vote and they weren't angsty. What's wrong with you guys?
I think we're background noise for a lot of people tonight.
I noticed, you know... They're watching Family Guy. Damn them. We should just
spoil it. No, we, we better not do that. Everybody dies!
Yeah, everybody dies, the boat sinks, sorry.
Peter and...
Suey's gay.
Peter and Lois have sex, multiple times.
Alright, we're gonna go to a quick break, then we're gonna come back and do some
Ask Orange Lounge. I know it's been a little while since we've given you guys an
opportunity to ask us questions,
but we've been gone a couple weeks, so we're back. So you're gonna Ask Orange Lounge,
So send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with any questions that you may have in this break
Because I got yelled at it for not playing it last break. We're gonna play from Papa music ago, huh? We're gonna play
You see honey, so we'll start off with that break
And we'll do some other pop music 12 stuff since we have it and it's new it's new
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio. Don't go anywhere.
Give me a lotta, too, lotta, too, lotta
Baby, baby
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Thank you very much.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and as promised we're going to get into a little
bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
This is where you guys get to direct the future of the show by asking us questions about what
you would like to hear us talk about.
See we're interactive like that.
So here we go with some Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question, what will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio?
It would be nice if I could concentrate, but the people in the kitchen are making so much
Goddamn noise that I can't think straight
Song or song number one. See I can't think straight today, uh
Jaded 2005 with question number one me and my girlfriend have never seen you guys's faces
What do you guys look like?
Folks from the kitchen saying they look like whores. Well, the question wasn't about the folks in the kitchen
it's about us in here. What do we look like? We're damn sexy! There's pictures of us online.
I look like Tom Cruise, and Matt looks like Matt Damon, and Dark Sakura looks like Angelina
Jolie, just like her. I'm making stuff up so that they can fantasize. Well at least
What does it look like a freakin' toothpick like Nicole Kidman's turned herself into, anorexic?
Um, actually, if you guys want to see our pictures, we do have a picture gallery if you're a registered user of orangeisontrated.com.
But we don't spam you, there's no reason not to sign up. Just head on over and you'll see the picture galleries and you can actually see pictures of us at E3.
So there's like plenty of pictures there from last year's E3. Even Jamie, who's typically camera shy, can be seen in those pictures if you know where to look.
Alright, question number two from Allusion.
Allusion would like to know, and perhaps Jamie you can answer this one for Allusion.
Allusion would like to know, why do women have breasts?
Genetically to provide sustenance for the child.
And to bring home a paycheck at the end of the day.
Stop.
It's for feeding babies.
It is for feeding babies.
and for entertaining four year old men who pay enough
just shut up
and sometimes kittens because I saw that once on a Japanese TV show
okay moving on
yeah they just say breast milk is best only on this show would somebody ask that
question why do women have boobies
Hey, ask your mama. Dear Orange Lounge,
what's sex? Why do I have a pee pee?
Mikotov would like to know
what are you most looking forward to at E3 this year?
Uh, Loki. Sleeping.
You're just gonna sleep through E3?
Sleeping after walking around during E3? Oh, I see.
Honestly, you get tired.
No, but, um, what I wanna see...
I wanna see Sinbad being ignored again.
Tell the Sinbad story for those new listeners.
We saw Sinbad at E3 last year and he waved and, like, no one cared.
Everyone was just like,
Who's that guy? Who's that guy?
It's Sinbad.
Oh. He's not funny. Poor guy.
Say, look at me!
Hi!
Hi?
Hi?
Oh, poor Sinbad.
Well, what I'm most looking forward to at E3 this year is
the fact that there's going to be DDR with Mario.
I think that's going to be a fun game to check out.
And I'm also looking forward to seeing what Nintendo turns
out with the new Zelda and possibly a new console,
possibly.
And I'm looking forward to actually seeing progress on
the Nintendo DS.
I'm looking forward to that as well.
Dark Sakura.
I'm looking forward to ogling over the Marines.
There will be lots of men in uniform.
I'm expecting, I'm hoping this year with metrosexuality
pushing more and more, as much as that word is stupid, pushing more and more into our culture,
I'm looking for booth boys this year
instead of booth babes. I want some booth boys this year.
When I say boys, 18 and over please. With the general demographic of being
neri,
you know, late twenties. That's starting to be more and more bullshit though.
women are started to play games more and more and more more more
I mean that's been a long time coming right next thing you know they'll want to vote
okay um honestly this is your cue to tear into them
repeat please
I can't ignore what he says
allow me to repeat he said next thing you know
they'll want to vote the ferrets haven't been unpacked yet sorry
Oh shit.
Oh, in fact, actually...
That's more real on the floor.
While you're at it, while you're at it, uh,
Illusion had the answer to his question from earlier,
why do women have breasts?
He sent another message that says,
the correct answer was,
so you got something to look at when you're talking to them.
Where's the webcam?
The webcam's over there, but it's very dark.
Fuck.
I'm up here, not down there, now go away.
That's it, mastectomy.
And some women aren't just
not up here and not down there, they're down a little bit lower.
Those are people in their 60s.
I don't look at grandma's breasts. That is the result of bra burning in the 70s.
Honestly, yeah. What was the point of that?
I mean, honestly, we aren't going to be considered by bras.
oh yeah because they saw that as a symbol of of you know men keeping their
fit on women but the whole thing bras are there to support your boobs so you're
not saggy yeah I know some men that like to wear bras they're like they're like
got to know they won't hold us back now spray us with that hose oh anyways I
I gotta play the, you know, the sexist role on this show, you know, it's, it's...
Oh, right, alright, the role, the, the role that you fit into.
Okay, honestly, I've been talking to, you know, my fiancé, and she says that women are not bad drivers.
But every time I see a goddamn, you know, crazy bitch on the road, it's always some stupid woman on her cellphone, driving an SUV.
I can't help it if they keep her graduated stereotype.
I got stuck behind an old man driving an SUV talking on his cell phone.
Exactly. They fall into the old people category.
Was he burning his bra?
He was burning his pampers.
I don't know. Whatever it is, the old man wear depends.
Old men are nasty.
By the way, my new roommate is looking in on the room right now,
kind of going, what the hell are these people doing right now?
Can we interview you, please? Please?
Come be, give him a microphone.
Don't you agree with mint-sucky driving?
This is my new roommate.
Say hello.
Hello.
And now you, how much DDR do you play?
How familiar are you with DDR?
Well, I just played the game that my sister bought the other week.
Which is DDR Extreme on PS2.
And it was fun.
What do you think about the fact that your roommate does
this crazy internet radio program?
It's craziness with capital K.
No I think it's cool. This is the first time I've seen you do it so it's cool.
Are we nerds or what?
Um, you're crazy nerds.
I like that you're entertaining the guests out in the kitchen who have long since abandoned the show.
So that's cool.
Now tell them to keep it down out there. We're trying to do a show in here.
Keep it down. Oh okay I'll go that way.
Whoa what the hell was that noise? That was weird. Anyway sorry it must be interference.
Whoa okay.
Okay.
All right well.
All right well nice seeing you.
Okay, get out of the room that you pay rent for. No, I'm just kidding
No, but honestly, I
Mean there are like I said, there are the slight few just like good Comcast cable, you know
I said well when said the slight few people don't pull out in front of me in their taxi van
Exactly. I think that this guy I was like
And I ended up having to swim into the other lane and then I slid because of the freaking you know
rain you know everyone knows the taxi drivers I've actually wanted to do that
instead of actually honking my horn rolling down the window and sticking my
head out and yelling beep beep because I think people would notice me more than
as you hit something in your head is taking your left arm out extend your
middle finger up anyways we totally like sidestep whatever that question was
I'm going to post pictures of my car in the chatroom.
Nintz has a question.
Nintz says he's kind of stretching for a question here.
Skip it if you've got a better one.
Well, we don't.
I'm going to be getting another 2DX game soon.
So seventh style or eighth style?
Eighth.
Eighth.
I say seventh.
That's actually a toss-up, because I like what's on seventh.
But I really like what's on eighth, so.
Get sixth.
Eighth.
I like seventh.
I'm going to be the lone holdup for 7th.
Although, honestly, in 8th style, you get a lot of the
good 7th style songs.
But, but, but, but, beauty of silence, sound of goodbye.
But, but, but, you know, that's just me.
I don't play 2DX.
Lastly, a question, because we didn't get
any more other than this.
Legend of Zaku has this.
Oh, this is beautiful.
After stumbling through the Aaron and Japan forums, I
managed to find a thread that has what appears to be a link
for a DDR movie in production.
Here's the link of the story since the main site is down and then he gave a link here.
What chances do you give this so-called movie in the works? So I looked at the
link he gave you. Here it is.
Dance Dance Revolution is the name of the popular video game created by the well-known
game company Konami.
The current team consists... Okay, right there, you know it's a fake.
You can tell right... What is wrong with the first sentence that makes this a fake?
Konami. It's not Konami.
Oh. What? It says well-known game company Konami.
Konami does much more than just video games. Much, much more than just video games.
Remember? They create slot machines.
Well, yeah, but primarily they're known for the video games.
But I'm saying if this were an official press release, that wouldn't say that. I don't think.
It would say something like game publishers or something like that.
Either that or these people are just stupid.
The current team consists of two members so far, and I'm not even going to read their names.
Creator and directors. Two guys I've never heard of.
We started Dance Dance Revolution the movie in 2005.
All righty then, time for the storyline. 18-year-old Emi Toshiba's lifelong dream
was to become a professional dancer. One day she sees a flyer on a liquor store's
window announcing a dance contest. As she runs for the big-time winner with her
partner Rage, they meet some new friends, rivals, and conflicts. As Emi is settling
into her new surroundings, she and her new friends gradually become aware that
not all is quite right in the contest. Something sinister is lurking deep in
the shadows of the dancing stage. The movie is all about competition, love, and
accepting others as they are so if you like drama comedy and DDR this is the
movie for you the plans we're gonna produce the movie in 2007 or 2008
depending on when we'll get enough money for the production depending on when we
graduate from college you know it's not gonna happen that's like a plot of maybe
an anime for it it sounds like any of rage liquor store
I'd love to be a dancer!
Ami, by the way, is gonna be played by a big-breasted Asian chick in order to sell tickets.
I'll watch it.
Honestly, I don't care what it's about, you can just get...
Get that chick from BMX XXX, the one that
strips down naked and is dressed up like a schoolgirl, that'll get me to see that movie.
That's all you need to show is her dressed up like a schoolgirl stripping down naked
in the trailer that will sell tickets.
Hell, they should just make BMX XXX the movie. That would be better.
Every six months, the topic of DDR the movie is coming up.
Stop believing it!
There's only one way this will happen. Until it is posted on IMDB or
announced by a
resp... what's the word? Reputable? Respectable?
I don't know. Reputable has a reputation, right?
One of the big five movie productions. You know who's gonna do this? Even if it's Lionsgate!
wait for them to announce it you know who's gonna know why he's all bad
you know I don't know why I'm not gonna know I am is I'm just gonna say I'm you
know who would
you would you know steep this no soup this low
mmm evil he would
he would do this because he is like ooh
excuse to have another rave on an island
that movie was so bad
Didn't we talk a long time ago about possible plots for a DDR movie and we actually came
up with something decent?
I just don't remember what it was.
I know that's very useful to you guys out there.
10k commotion.
Oh god, don't start on that again.
That's another fanboy thing though.
I mean with all due respect to the folks that created it.
Come on.
But here's the thing though.
That's the only way that it would work and the whole focus of it is not really on DDR.
They play DDR in it but it's not really, that's not really the focus of it.
I like the setup that they do for like the tournament. The tournament setup was kind of cool. It made it look cool
That's that's the only way that we would work
None of this like because I I sense where they're going at this we're gonna use the DDR
Characters and they're gonna discover evil robots and yeah
No
They're secret agents and then rage is played by Jean-Claude Van Damme and all hell breaks loose
Please support TDR Edition.
We'll resurrect Raul Julian and kill him off again.
I think now would be a good time to end Ask Orange Lounge. What do you guys think?
I think not.
Actually I'm being linked to something in the channel. It is something that's on the Internet Movie Database.
Let's see, I think this is what I think it is.
link right now. It's in the chat. Yeah, Dance Dance Documentary. I don't know. It's something
that folks... What is this? It's a DVD. It's a documentary. Eh, big deal. I mean, no offense.
I think I was in one of these. I got interviewed for one of these. They wanted me to wear the
Dr. Dick hat, the orange hat, and I wouldn't do it because I knew it was being made for
a movie. I don't know if that's the one or if it was some other college project or something.
there was a call for the clatter
this isn't the same thing documentaries are one thing documentaries uh... you
know a lot of people unfortunately don't see it's a lot of projects that you know
i'm sure they're fine films but you know we're talking about like a fiction type
a big budget
basically
movie here
even a million dollars to be found out the game was going to actually be here's
the problem with this whole uh... movie idea
maybe like
you know i
fan movie
possibly. Big budget movie? No, because even if it was, you know, even if DDR is like uber popular, it doesn't lend itself to a movie at all, and you can't make a movie. That's like Tetris the movie, and I know everyone likes playing that, you know, joking about that. It's impossible.
You have to make a movie where DDR is an element, but not the main force behind it.
Like, you could do a, I don't know, a buddy movie that somehow has DDR, like they go, they like to play DDR.
Example. Here's an example.
The Wizard.
That's not an intentional-
The Wizard was gay.
Okay, that's not an-
Hey!
Okay, now that movie was good in the 80s.
It's so bad.
It did have Christian Slater.
Okay, now granted, now that's the only way that this type of thing would work is where it's like an element of it, you know, but that's not the main storyline, you know, it's not just, oh, look at us, we're playing DDR all the time. I mean, like the wizard, they had some more crap, like that stupid kid like, California. I hated him. But yeah, something like that.
And then they have the power glove.
So bad.
Yeah.
That's the end of another fabulous episode of Orange Lounge Radio, boys and girls.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts, starting with Angel.
Angel, your final thought.
I've been too quiet this episode, I'm sorry.
That's okay. Arcadian 42, your final thought.
I'm gonna...
Loki, your final thought.
I'm not sexist or racist, I just play one on the radio.
my final thought is air dark Sakura reject false icons and move out of your
parents house and the final word of tonight's show goes to Loki
that does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live orange lounge
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
...
...
...
...
...
phenomena
phenomena
phenomena
phenomena
phenomena
phenomena
phenomena
That was wonderful! Bravo!
I loved that! Oh, it was great!
Well, it was pretty good. Well, it wasn't bad.
Well, there were parts of it that weren't very good, though. It could have been a lot better.
I didn't really like it. It was pretty terrible.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Yeah, after that one I think we know that we definitely need to rotate the F.U. music.
that's gonna be great I will I will work my butt off to get the new intro done
but first the playlist shuffle is happening tomorrow I I've got to get that
I want I'll hopefully get it done tonight after the show but I'm working
on that orange launch radio is gonna you know change and stuff and we were
serious so it's gonna happen hopefully the website soon too I just need new
graphics
yes working on it because I can't I can't think I'm trying to you know I'm
in school
manana do all right boys and girls thanks so much for tuning in tonight
and listening to and supporting Orange Lounge Radio we love
